MYSTERIES OP : GRIME; * ORj The Exeerien'Ces or an Edinburgh Detective.—No. XYI. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A WOMAN'S REVENGE-THE LAST OF JIM MACLUSKEY. A few years ago a great deal of sensa tional nonsense and excitement was got up about the poor ill-used ticket-of-leave man. Plays weie written about Mm; stirring articles and pathetic letters-appeared in the papers about his sufferings and wrongs, headed with the most moving and attrac tive of titles; and all tended to show that he was the most virtuous and unfortunate of human beings. It was the popular clap trap of the time, and was swallowed eagerly and without question. Now it is pretty much out of fashion—shoved out by other things, Amateur Casual," &c.;—but still there is a lingering fondness in the public mind for ticliets-of-leave, and the good supposed to result from them. I have an opinion of my own on the matter; but as I have no wish to bring a nest of hornets about my ears, I will keep it to myself. It is founded on experience, too; but that has no weight when you are treading on other people's corny toes. Here, however, I have to give my expe rience of one ticket-of-leave man; and at the same time have done with a criminal -who, one way and another, gave me more trouble and concern than any other three put together. Mind, I don't give him as a sample of all ticket-of-leave men, I only wish to show that it is just possible that these amiable pets mayiiave old scores to reckon up ana pay off when they are so kindly set at liberty after a few years' im prisonment. At the same time it will illustrate another thing, which I have now seen so often that I begin to believe that it is a kind of in visible law of the universe—that is, retri bution. Wolves, when they have torn and eaten the common foe, sometimes quarrel devour each other. Criminals are human wolves, and act true to the same instinct. However, I may as well begin now. "And Jim Macluskey is recommended for a ticket-of-leave." This startling piece of news came in in a string of gossip from the mouth of the ser geant, one morning in the muster-room. A dead silence followed the momentary start; and every eye was fixed on me. " Are you sure of that?" I said quietly, though I knew well enough what the looks meant. " Quite; and he will get it, too." Another dead silence. • "What the others thought of I know not, but my mind ran back to the night of the trapping, and Jim Macluskey's last words to me— '•JI will live to kill you!" I am not naturally nervous. The sight of blood does not sicken me, though I don't like to look at it; and when I am fairly wrought up with excitement I would face anything. But still I felt concerned. It is not pleasant to know yourself to be sur rounded and followed by an invisible and impalpable danger. You cannot face it or fight it. If Jim Macluskey was liberated, there was nothing for me but incessant watchfulness and wariness. Of course nobody lilted to say the thing to me plump and plain, but I read it in their faces. It did not frighten me, it only set me a thinking. McSweeny scratched his head, and, not quite able to conceal the drift of his thoughts, broke the awkward silence with the words— " Well,if I had the makin' the laws they'd be different. The police 'ud have more say in a matter like this. It isn't safe to let a man like that go free—begorra, it isn't!" and he shook his clenched fist and looked round as if he defied us to dispute it. The sergeant took a snuff, blew his nose vigorously, and fidgetted a little. " Well you see, Mr. M'Sweeney, they say there isn't a single mark against him in the prison books." " I daresay not; the cunnin' hound hasn't done that for nothin'." "And then he has been quick, and in telligent and obliging, I hear, and of great service in controlling the other prisoners." ' "Of coorse; he knows them all, an' would make them do anything wid that multaverin tongue of his. He'd promise them Heaven itself, when he got out, if he thought they'd believe him. "And then lie lias appeared quite a changed man." " Och, tlie hypocrite!" "And promises to do better when lie gets out." " He'll keep that promise anyhow. 'Twas only forgery before; this time it'il be " A furtive side glance at me supplied both the nature of the expected crime and the principal sufferer. "But, luck here now, boys," warmly continued McSweeny, bringing his clenched band energetically down on the other palm. "If the vagahone gets out, an' harms any one here, whether the law touches him or not, I'll take id out of his skin. Ye needn't laugh, for I'm in arnest. I'm an offisher, it's thrue; but I'm a man as well. Oh, laugh away, boysit's the only thing you're good at, barrin' ating, when the praties are goodand he flushed up, as the laugh ran round the room, and certainly looked the most serious there. No more was said at the time; we sepa rated to our several rounds, and the subject appeared to be forgotten. A few weeks after, Jim Macluskey was at liberty and kick to Edinburgh. I heard the news some time before I saw him; but at last we met full in the face in the High-street, a little below Niddry- street. I gave him a nod, as a feeler, and was instantly favored } with a look of deep, unswerving hate, I which gave me a good cue to his after proceedings. Then I had time to notice a thing that surprised me not a little. Macluskey was in company, and appa rently on the best of terms, with one of his cast-off mistresses, called Jtfeenie Stark, and I puzzled myself in vain to think what had brought the two together again. He had wronged her—that is, had made her what she was—then repaid her devotion with brutal ill-usage and neglect, then had taken another mistress and tossed Meenie out into the gutter to freeze or die, and then had tried his utmost to hunt her down and crush the life out of her; and I knew that at that moment she hated him more thoroughly-and deeply thahit wa£ ^possxbi^* for him to hate me. And' yet there she -was, smiling and fawning, and apparently hanging on his very looks. \- "What could it all mean ? She was not bad, in the widest sense. She was a thief, of course, and an expert one too, hut that was all. She did hot mix with the herd—more, she had'a tender, feeling heart, and I have many a time watched her unseen doing little acts of kindness and benevolence. But though I have said to myself, i'That might have been a good woman," I never attempted to approach her except when she was absolutely "wanted." There was a kind of repellant ferocity about her that made me fear her. It was not there naturally, but had been ground into her by misfortune This was the woman who seemed to have suddenly linked herself to Macluskey. Had she forgotten her wrongs ? _ Had she for gotten that one drive of his cruel, hard knuckles had given her child its death-blow? Was she now to be a whole mine of strength to him in all his schemes and plans?—or was he unconsciously treading on a slum bering volcano ? I didn't know. I couldn't make it out at all, though I gave the odd cii cum stances so much thought as almost to foiget my own case and danger. A good many weeks passed away, and I was still safe and unhurt. The delay did not smpi}seme much, though I had now positive information that Macluskey meant mischief, and towards me, and I knew the man's cautious, deadly nature well; but it did tend to make me less watchful and suspicious. Openly, of course, I had nothing to fear. If danger came, it would come in the dark, and where neither assistance nor a rescue was to be feared. "McGovan! Hist! Speak a, moment, please." A woman, with lier head and shoulders muffled in a shawl, had caught at my aim in the darkness of Middleton's Entry, with these words, as I hurried through towards my own home. I shook off the hand without ceremony and got out of the shade as quickly a 3 possible, but the woman was still at my side. '• It's me, Meenie Stark," she said, eagerly, for a moment drawing back the shawl from her face. "Don't go away—I have something to tell you. I have waited two hours to see you." Her voice was broken, and her tone flurried and anxious; but it was something unusual about the face that stopped me and chained me to the spot. Dim as the light ■was, I could see her quivering; and I had suddenly become interested and curious. "Lets see your face, Meenie," I said, with something like pity in my voice. Slowly and reluctantly she drew back the covering and showed a bruised face, swollen and disfigured, a black eye, and a forehead bound round tight with a white bandage. "Ah, Jim has done it again," I simply remarked. " He has hurt you." "He has hurt me!" she cried, with a strange energy, piessing both hands tight on her heart as she wailed forth the words. " Yes, he has hurt me!" and it was quite evident that the hurt she alluded to had struck far deeper than the skin marks which had just excited my commisseration. " I wonder you took up with him, again." She suddenly caught my arms so tightly that her nails almost went through the cloth. " What! Do you, even you, wonder at that ?" she breathed, with a curious wild look in her eyes. " Oh, I prayed—how I prayed!—that he would not die in prison; and God, or the devil, heard my prayer, and he got out again. It was a weary time to wait, but it was gone at last. Do you think it is an awful thing—a very awful thing, to commit murder?" she suddenly added, breaking off. " It is—the worst of crimes." ~ "And yet he did it!" and the words came out like a fierce hot blast. " I know he did. Poor M/Dermott—" " Not him! My child, that sucked these breasts and shone up in my face like a little heaven—he killed it. Oh, I could have borne all—he might have chopped me in pieces, or burned me alive, if he chose, if he had only spared my wee bairn. It was buried; and I think all my blood turned to gall after that. They think I'm strange, and mad at times; and so I am. "When I think of the past, my brain becomes a flood of fire, and I could throw a house into the air. I try to keep it down by thinking of other things, but it comes back. And it will come again. I'm afraid Mil die soma of these rnqhts." "I always thought you something above the common, Meenie; I hope you're not going to turn a fool now. "What good would his death do you "It would give me rest—rest!" she firecely snapped out. " There's a longing— a burning longing—here, which cries for something," and she smote her breast with her clenched hand. "I don't know what it is, but I see knives and blood sometimes when I wake of a night," and she drew her hand oyer her eyes, as if she saw them then. " I am sorry for you."' I said it, and I felt it. " I know you ure. You were always kind hearted, though you are sharp and strict. You were kind to me once, and I have not forgotten it." " I think you're mistaken." "I am not. A brute of a policeman struck me in the lobby as he was taking me down to the cells. You saw it, and I think I see the expression of your face this minute. Yoil hurled him off back against the wall—for your blood was up in a minute— and then hustled him back into court with your own hands, where he was convicted and fined." "Ah—I have a faint recollection of something of the kind; but that's surely years ago ?" " Yes; but women have long memories. It was that brought me here, for I will not see you harmed. You are in danger." " From Jim ? I know that already." " Yes, but it is coming soon; how, I don't know yet. They're making it up among themselves, and planning it all out. But you need not be in any op:eat fear. I've heard why you trapped him—because the man he killed had been kind to your mother—and I will watch for you." " It is very kind of you, Meenie—thank you. But could you not " " Don't try to talk' to me like that; it goes through me like a knife," she interrupted, almost fiercely. " I know what you would adtyisBy but itVno use^mtlLtaeT If ^iareT a hell anywhere,"InLgoing to it—t know" it. _ I sometimes think I feel it already. I dream that I'm dead, and it always seems as if I had been hanged first. Perhaps Fm only m^d. Do you think I could be mad without knowing it?" "So long as you are afraid of turning mad, there's not much fear," I cheeiingly returned. "If you were mad, you would very likely think yourself 9ane." " I know all that, but I fear it because I have grown so much afraid of moonlight. "When I wake up in the dark I'm all right, but when the moonlight is streaming in it chills me to the heart. I would sooner see my mother's ghost, for I always think I see a "bloody knife sticking through the cold light. He knows nothing of it. Hff thinks I'm bright and happy, ana joyful at being near him. Oh, Heaven! how will it all end?" and if Macluskey could have seen the wild sweep of her arm through the air, and heard the woeful, sharp ring of her voice, I question whether he-would have slept so calmly that night. I was roused—thrilled through—but could not exactly hit upon any good sug gestion that she was likely to take. "Get away from him," I said at last. "You are not fit to be near him; it is dan gerous. If I can help you in anything—" "You can't; dont speak of it. It is dangerous; but I will see the end of this affair—I will watch it out. "What lies beyond God only knows." She was gone, without another word. I watched her flying figure for a minute, till it melted like a shadow in the darkness, and then I sadly took my way home. A few nights after, instead of getting comfortably home after my work was done, I was sent away out past Merchiston, to see about some house robbery that had been reported. I am no believer in presentiments—I have had that feeling so often, and nothing has come of it—but I must say that that night there was a feeling of uneasiness about me every foot of the lonely road. I was continually starting and looking over my shoulder. Sometimes I would suddenly stop, hold my breath, and listen—fancying I had heard the rustle of some one following close behind. Owin<£ to a meagreness in the address,p did not find the house, and at last concluded that I "would return, and see after it next day. First, however, I struck a light, and had a look at the note that had been sent in. Thare it was, written in a lady-like hand, headed "Rixon Cottage, Breezy Brae," and particularly requesting the im mediate services of "Detective M'Grovan." I did not look at it long, owing to a queer circumstance. The light I had struck, of course, shone full on my own face, and had any one been watching me from a short distance they would have recognised me distinctly. It was different with me; the light formed a kind of screen through which it was diffi cult for my sight to penetrate at a glance. A kind of rustle made me look up over the open letter, and then I fancied I saw against the tall hedge opposite, and a little distance further along, the shadowy form of a woman. Though startled a little, I deliberately extinguished the light, crushed up the note in myJiand, and looked again. It was gone.r I walked along the road till opposite the spot, and listened. There was a gap in the hedge, but no sound of retreating footsteps or rustling dress. I was about to cross over and peer through, when a footstep behind me, coming in my direction, made me look round. I saw that it was the figure of a man, and, not wishing to appear as if I was loitering, I walked on slowly in the direction of Edinburgh, thinking he would overtake me and pass on. But he didn't. He appeared to have accidentally struck the same pace as myself, for I got as far as Greenhill, and on looking round saw him exactly the same distance behind. I cut along through Bruntsfield Links, as a quicker road home, and there our roads seemed to have separated, for I no longer heard the pad-padding of his footsteps be hind me. I had nearly reached the Meadows, when a man suddenly stepped out into the dim light before me from behind one of the trees, and cautiously raised his hand. I started well back ; for it was just pos sible that it might be the same who nad been behind me, and that he had iust cut round by the other side at a quicker pace than myself ;"and, besides, the force of habit was strong on me. I had done the same for weeks. "Don't be afraid, Mr. M'Govan," said the man, in a smooth, sneaking tone. "It's only me—Tony Brand," and then I recog nised one of Macluskey's new companions— the nucleus, perhaps, of a fresh gang. " Well, don't come near me—I don't like it," I sharply returned, keeping one hand in my coat-pocket. " What do you want ?" " Oh nothing; only I've been looking for you all afternoon, and at last I went up to the office, and they said you were out this way, so I waited here for you." "Were you following me—out by the Merchiston-road ?" "Following you?" he echoed, with an innocent and surprised look. " I don't know what you mean. And where's the Mer chiston-road? You know I'm quite a stranger in Edinburgh." "Yes, stranger than welcome," I shortly returned. "Bah! Nevermind about the following; I don't care whether you did or not—it may amuse you, and it certainly does me no harm. What are you up to ?" "You won't beteay me?" he said, cau tiously. "I have no time for nonsense," I said, moving away. " Say it at once, or I'm off." "Well, I will. Stop—how much will you give if I betray Macluskey into'your hands ?" "I will give you—three kicks and a pocketful of nothing. Why should I do otherwise ?" " I thought you had an old grudge against him ?" "Did you?" " Yes; and I can tell you another thing," and here his voice sank to a whisper. " If you don't nab him soon, he'll " and he suggestively drew his finger across his throat, and then made a pointed dab through the air towards me. "I'm much obliged to him—I hope he'll get the„ chance," I derisively replied. " Well, isthat all?" "No; but if you don't want him nabbed " "Oh, but I do—and you, tooy if I catr manage.it. _ Pm paid tov that, you know." "Well,youcannab himto-riight,if you like." '* " "How?" " On two conditions, Til tell you. First," and he whispered something in my ear; " and second, that you write me an order for a lodging in the Police Office till I can get safe away out of Edinburgh. My life wouldn't be worth a brass farthing after be traying Mm. Do you agree ?" " I agree. Let's hear the rest." "Well; you're not afraid to taclile him alone ?" "No—or both of you, if it comes to that." "Well, we r arranged to crack a crib at the Grange to-night—No, Diek-place. It is empty, and the plumbers have been work ing at it for some time, and keep their ladder—a long one—in the garden behind. We were to get in by the roof, using the ladder, and make a clean haul, to-night, as the family will be back from the country to-morrow or next day. He is away there now, and I was to follow about this time. You are about my size. Change coats,! mufflers, and caps with me, and go there' instead of me, and the thing is done. I thought for a while. In reality, I may say, I was eager to capture Macluskey, as the constant strain of -watchfulness was beginning to weary me. More; even if this should turn, out a scheme to entrap me, I was not afraid to face Macluskey—if he was alone. But still something said to me, above every consideration, "Don't go." * " Is he alone ?" I asked at'last. "He is. There's not a soul there but himself." I had another minute's thinking. "I'll swear it, if you like," he said, at last. " I daresay you will—or anything else; but I dont want that. I'll go. Off with the togs." "Write out the line first." " I will, while you take them off." I scribbled out the line, which he care fully read over, and then we changed coats, caps, and mufflers. "Aren't you afraid it's only a scheme to run off with your coat ?" he asked, with an ugly leer. " I might bolt—eh ?" " No—I'will prevent that," I said, and I meant it, as the reader will see presently. "Will you oblige >ane for a moment?" I said, recollecting myself, and possessing myself of the pistofs in my coat pocket. "I might find them handy, and of course they're no use to you." v A pair of barkers—very good—yes, is as well to be prepared," he said; but he looked sulky for all that. We walked along together the length of the middle walk, and then I stopped to turn up to the Lover's Loan, and held him in talk till the policeman of the beat ap peared in sight. "With a sharp whistle and a shout I pounced on Tony Brand and held him fast. He seemed petrified with astonishment, but I had him handcuffed in a twinkling. "Take that man to the Office at once," I said to the policeman. " Get help if you need it, but don't lose him. I have to go somewhere, and will be there by- and-by." " I'm much obliged to you, but it's not at all necessary; I will go myself," broke in Tony Brand, with an attempt to conceal his chagrin and alarm under a smile. " I swear" "Ay, swear away as long as you like. Goodnight," and I was off, while he was lugged away in the opposite direction. La the Lover's Loan I again fancied I heard the rustling, gliding sound behind me, and, looking suddenly back, I now distinctly saw, by the dim light of the rising moon, the figure of a woman, down near the bottom of the straight walk. She was coming in my direction, too—at least I fancied so—though she stopped and hesi tated. But what was that to me ? I was now in the town, so to speak, and anyone might be going in the same direction as myself. I hurried on, and thought of it no more. I got back to Dick-place, made sure that I was at the right house, and listened intently. There was no sound of any one stirring within. Looking through the iron railings, I saw a good deal of litter and rubbish lying about. Good—so far things tallied with Tony Brand's story. I got up on the stone kerb, and thence with some difficulty pulled myself up and over the spiky iron railings, feeling as I dropped into the garden inside that it was iust possible that Macluskey was there— looking down upon me at that moment. Cautiously and quietly I crept round to the back of the house, and then my heart gave a bound. Standing against the house at the proper angle, and reaching to the roof, was a strong, heavy ladder, such as is used by plumbers. I was now in the shade, but seeing it distinctly against the sky, I groped my way towards it without hesitation. I felt by the softness of the ground that I was crossing a flower plot, and treading down flowers on the way; but I was too eager and excited to think of anything but reaching the ladder. Before I had gone half the distance I suddenly made a step upon nothing, and went tumbling down nearly six feet into a deep square hole. I was a little bruised and startled, but not hurt, and would have clambered out at once without thinking anything of it, had not the peculiarly straight sides of the narrow hole caught my attention and made me pause. "Why was the hole there at all ? And why was it so straight and square, and exactly like a—a—I didn't like to bring the word out, even to myself — like a ghave? It had been recently dug, too— the spade still lay at the side, and the pile of earth that had been taken out was still damp and wet to the touch, though there had not been rain for weeks. A disagreeable thought or suspicion flashed upon me; but I resolutely dismissed it. A curious, creeping sensation, like the rising of my hair on end, came over me as I slowly felt the sides of the hole with my hands; and then with a quick spring I got out of it, determined to see the end of the thing at once. I reached the ladder—took out one of the pistols I carried, cocked it, and placed it between my teeth,' and then slowly began to mount to the roof. I got to the top, out of the deep shade into the moonlight, and then saw that the hatch was open. . But I saw more. There was a light inside, and the sound of some one moving. The moment my feet touched the slates the- Egftt wont out. Still undaunted, and more curious-than ever Yo^see^hb^as betweenthe'fclateaand the roof of the bedrooms at such an h«ur, I took out a dark lantern I carried, turned backv the Slide, and approached tho hatch. I listened. Everything was still—deadly still—how. The glare of the lantern turned into, the wide hatch showed the baro raf ters within—nothing more. StilT I had an unaccountable reluctance to dropping down inside. It was not fear, but a strange aver sion. • ' " Anybody there ?" I said at last. The sound of my voice died, away, but there was no answer. I turned my feet round into the Hofoand dropped down inside. Then all became a blank. I must have been felled, I think,, with something heavy, and on the head; for when I came to myself I was lying on the bare rafters, roped into helpless rigidity with the blood oozing from a cut on my forehead, and the. glare of my own lantern turned on my face. There was- no. other light; but a straight white strip of the moonlight came in from .tho open hatch above, and fell on a face—a man's face before me. The man was Jim Macluskey! . "Ah, you're not dead yet ?" he said,, with a savage grin. "You will be shortly;; but I would not like you to go without knowing who sent you. I mean to kill yolv" "What for?" "Because I hate you, and we cannot both live!" he hissed, waving the knifo in his hand within an inch of my face. "Tho world is not big enough for us both* and I swore that night to kill you> though I swung for it the minute after. You hear ?" " I hear." This was only partly true. I hoard tho sound of his voice, but all my attention was fixed on the open hatch above hi3 head. I thought for a moment that a dark shadow crossed it and obscured the light " "Well, I give you a minute—-five minutes to prepare. Your funeral won't be numer ously attended. I dug the grave myself, and I'm to be the chief mourner. A good idea, wasn't it, to bury you in the garden of a respectable house at the Grange? They'll never look for you there; they'll Jo more apt to look out about Breezy Brae, beyond Merchiston." " Ah, then you sent that?" "I did. There, now, don't trouble to open your mouth to shout, for these housoa are so far apart that you'll never be heard. Are you mad ? What the d 1 is it you're always looking at behind me ?" He turned round, and then the shadow I had been watching sprang forward into the strip of moonlight and became a woman. A strong one, too, as it seemed, for she grasped him by the shoulders, hurled him aside, and defiantly took her place in front of my prostrate figure. Then he recognised her "Meenie! The Devil! What do you want here ?" he shouted, with a horriblo oath. " To save him." " Are you mad ?" "I don't know whether I am or not," she cried, in a tone that startled and chilled me with its very calmness. u Jim Maeluskey, if you value your life, go away from here;" and she pointed to the open hatch with the knife she had wrencued from his hand. "Woman, stand back, or Til strangle youl" He was preparing for a spring, but an imperious, haughty rearing of the woman with the knife stopped him. "Jim Maeluskey/' she hoarsely gasped in the same fearful tones, " don't cross that strip of light. Don't do it—I warn you. I've seen it in my dreams, and there was always a bloody knife sticking through it." "Do you take me for a fool? Stand back!" and with a bound he was' on her, and had her by the hair before the words were out of his lips. They struggled together, almost without a sound,for a few moments; and then I think the knife must have touched him, foe he let go. Only for a moment. lie sprang forward with a yell of rage. But he never got across the strip of moonlight. Her hand went through it, knife and all; and when it came back it was red and reeking. There was a great wild yell from him, and a scream from her, and then he went straight back, and flapped down rigid and still, on the bare rafters. The knife dropped from her hand—she stared about in a maze—and then slowly drew her hand across her brow. It left a red streak, and the wet feeling seemed to attract her attention. " There is something wrong," she gasped in a whisper. " Where am I ? I dreamt that I saw the knife again—Jim's knife—all red-like, and steaming. But they put the poor wee thing in the ground; he said ha was sorry for it, too, because it waahis own child. Oh, if he had only killed me in stead, and let it live—it was so tender and young. I don't like to think of it. In the morning when I wake, I'll try to forget it." She sat down, taking no notice of mo, whether I spoke or not, and maundered on in this way till well on in tho morning, when I managed to make myself heard by the policeman on the beat, who had tho house broken open and me released. Meenia was taken to the office, whence a stretcher was dispatched for the body of Jim Maeluskey; but she never spoke another sensible word. The Asylum for paupet lunatics received her a fewdays after, and there she remained till her death. Tony Brand emphatically denied all knowledge of the plot; and as we had a bad case in regard to proof, we detained him on another charge, upon which he was tried and sen tenced to nine months' imprisonment. Aa to my affair, and the last of Maeluskey, the papers gave a garbled account of it, undet the title of " A Strange Stabbing Case at the Grange," and then he was—fitting fate —forgotten. 