femitiry (Ddwioii'(Bspi(i©ic©o = BATHURST. Wednesday. Ac 1 mentioned-j last week, considerable im provoments have been1, lately effected in the interior of the] Cathedral of SS. Michael and John in this city. Tho entire building lias been painted and decorated. Two new altars have been erected. Tho old Stations of the Cross have been removed and their place supplied by mag nificont ones recently brought from Rome by oux- venerable b shop, ox whom it can be truly said^that ' he loves* the beauty of God's houso and the place whore Hia glory dwelleth.' Massive .candlesticks of great beauty of design and two extensive tabarnacles adorn tho altars. Those^who saw the 'sacred edifice before the im provements £ have mentioned vf ould hardly recognize it now. Nothing- has been left undone that, could excite the piety and devotion of 'the faithful. No wonder, then, that all are loud in their praise of tho zeal and disinterestedness of our.g'ood Bishop, who has during his episcopate done bo much to promote the honour and glory of God and the salvation of souls. Blussing- of the Station.:} op tiie Cross. — On Sundav last the Stations ' of the Cross were solemnly blessed' by his Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst, immediately after pentifical High Mass,^at which his Lordship \vas.!;celebrant,^Dr. Byrne, and Father Ryan being deacon end sub deacon, 'and Dr.JrM'AulrnViilaster of Ceremonies. Tho Very Rev. Dr. Bermingham preached an eloquent and impressive sermon suitable to the solemn ceremony of the day, and tho brass band of St. Stanislaus' College discoursed most eloquent music. Religious Reception-. — On Thursday lastthe interesting coremony of giving the white veil to eleven young ladies who arrived (.from} Ireland some months ago took place in the Convent of Mercy. It is only about nine montha since a similar event occurred, when ten aspirants in the cloister were added to the community, which now numbers within its hallowed -walls about fifty-two sisters. Lecture by the Rev. Dr. Beejjxnghasx. — On Monday evening Dr. Bormingham delivered a most learned and eloquent lecture here, before a crowded and fashionable audience. The Bishop of Bathurst presided ; the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan was also present, as. well as several of tho local! clergy. The subject chosen by^'the Very Rev. lecturer wvas 'The right to govern,' and those who^know tho grasp of !|mind and in tellect with which. Dr. Bermingham can handle tho moot abstruse questions need hardly be told that he treated- his' subject in a masterly manner. The ' fourth'estate' was fairly repro sonted, there having boon three chining lights from the local papers, and ' a chiel' amang them taldn.' [mental] notes,' who, ; for reasons of his own,, kept' in the background. During the delivery 'of the lecture, Trhich. occupied nearly two hours, the ' knights of the poncil' had not the ghost of an idea of what it was about, and at one. time, when Dr. Bermingham treated us to a French ^quotation, the trio turned pale and almost lost their balance. The renult was ? that wo had no report of the lecture next day. It does not come within tho: Ecopo of these fly sheets of mine to give even an outline of tho lec tura, and so I must not be a: fool, and ' rush, in where ans-cls fear to tread.'- Make This. — Mr. Ezekiel Marks, who fillo a nondescript position in the office of the Western Independent, performed the part of ' heavy swell' the other day, in our local Palais de Jus tice. Marks and his ' better half' presented themselves in court, rigged out in the latent f asliion, in the°unenviable position of prosecutors in a ca'ae where a poor Catholic widGW and her children' j-nd the olive branches of £he Marks family were concerned. For want of more interesting nows, the Independent of Tuesday devoted a full column of its valuable space to a report of tho important proceedings. The poor -widow was fined twenty shillings and costs of court. It v^as a grand vietoiy for Marks perc and Marks mere to have succeeded in taking a week's bread out of the mouths of the -widow and her poor little orphans. Such, a good-natured couple deserve to be cherished. May they live all the days of their lives is all the h&rm; I wish them. And now Marks, old man, may your shadow never grow less ! Good News foe Dae-win;!— The ' Missing link,' between tho man and tho ape has been at length discovered. He is here in Bathurat! For a considerable time past I have beencon soientiously strugging against the Darwinian theory of the development of the speices, but I shall for ever more regard myself tho Pro fessor's most devoted convert. The thing to whom I allude is the bigot referred to in my formeryetters.p'When[]Ksay that he.fis'the con necting link ~ between ' man and the ape, you have a tolerable portrait of him. And as it would he difficult to decide to -which of the various zoological species he belongs, I am at a loss for a suitable name for the animal. Those who have interviewed him nay that he -will never be amongst tho saved or the reprobate, for the. simple reason that he has no soul ! And yet he is a psalm singer at a Wesleyan conventicle ! V/hen the species to which, he belongs shall have been decided, I'll send you his name. In the meantime I shall study tho law of libel under Mr. A. B. Rao. ; * . VOX POPULL 