THE HAUNTED HOUSE, OR THE SHADOW AT RIVER HALL. B MIas. J. H. RInosEIL, AUTnoalor A LIFr's AsrsZE, Gsolles Glrnr, &c.; CHAPTER III (CONTINUED). "Do 1" he repeated, pleased, per haps, to find so appreciative a listener. "I sent, of course, for the best advice to be had in London, and I went to the local doctor-a nman who keeps a sur gery and dispenses medicines-myself, to ask what he meant by returning such an insolent message in answer to my summons. And what do you suppose he said by way of apology ?" " I cannot imagine," I replied. He said he would not for ton times over the value of all the River Hall patients, attend a ease in that house again. " No person can live in it," he went on, "and keep his, her, or its health. Whether it is the river, or the drains, or the late owner, or the devil, I have not an idea. I can only tell you that no one has been able to remain in it since Mr. Elmsdale's death, and if I attend a case there, of course I say, get out of this at once. Then comes Miss Blake and threatens me with assault and battery-swears she will bring an action against me for libeling the house, declares I wish to drive her and her noice to the workhouse, and asserts I am in league with one who wants to keep the house vacant, and I am sick of it. Get what doctor you please, but do not send for me." ' Well, sir ?" I suggested. ,,Well I don't consider it well at all. rero am I, a man returning to his native country-and a beastly country it is, after nearly thirty year's absence, and the first transaction upon which I engage proves a swindle. Yes, a swindle, Mr. Patterson. I went to you in all good faith, took that house at your own rent, thought I got a desirable home, and believed I was dealing with respectable people, and now I find I was utterly deceived, both as regards your place and the probity. You knew the house was tninhabitable, and yet you let it to me " " I give you my word," I said, " that we really do not know yet in what way the house is uuinhabitable. It is a good house, as you know; it is well furnished; the drainage is perfect; so far as we are concerned, we do not believe a fault can be found with the place. Still, it has been a fact that tenants will not stay in it, and we were therefore glad to let it to a gentleman like yourself, who would, we expected, prove above sub scribing to that which can only be a vulgular prejudice." " What is a vulgular prejudice?" he naked. "The idea that River Hall is haunted, I replied. " River Hall is haunted, young man," he said, solemnly. "By what ?" I asked. "By someone who cannot rest in his grave," he answered. " Colonel Morris," I said, " someone must be playing tricks in the house." " If so, that someone does not belong to this world," he remarked. " Do you mean really and seriously to tell me that you believe in ghosts ?" I asked, perhaps a little scornfully. "I do, and if you had lived in River Hall, you would believe in them too," he replied. "I will tell you," he went on, "what I saw in the house* myself. You know the library ?" I nodded in assent. We did know the library. There our trouble seemed to have taken "p its abode. "Are you aware lights have fre quently been reflected from that room, when no light has actually been in it?" I could only admit this had occasion ally proved a ground of what we con sidered unreasonable complaint. \--.." One evening," went on the Colonel, I determined to test the matter for my .self. Long before dusk I entered the room and examined it thoroghly-saw .to the fpstenings of the windows, drew up the blinds, looked the door, and put the key in my pocket. After dinner I took a cigar and walked up. and down the grass path beside the river, until dark. There was no light-not a sign of light of any kind, as I turned once \- more and walked up thepoth again; but as I was retracing my steps I saw that T-hb~room was brilliantly illuminated. I rushed to the nearest window and looked in. The gas was all ablaze, the table strewed with papers, while in an officechair drawn close to the largest drawer, a man was seated counting over bank-notes. He had a pile of them 'before him, and I distinctly saw that he wetted his fingers in order to separate them. blost extraordinary l" I ex claimed. I could not decently have said anything else; but I confess I bad in my recollection the fact of Colonel Morris having dined. The most extraordinary part of the story is still to come," lie remarked. < I hurried at once into the house, un looked the door, found the library in pitch darkness, and when I lit the gas the strong room was closed; there was no office chair in the room, no papers wore on the table-everything, in fact, was precisely in the same conditicn as I had left' it a few hours before. Now, no person in tllh flesh could have per formed such a feat as that." "I cannot agree with you there," I ventured. "It seems to me less diffi cult to believe the whole thing a trick than to attribute the occurrence to \--pernatual agency. In fact, while I do i impos ble for ghosts to he, their exist c.:·0 d 1· ! 