OHiprEB SIXTY. GABRIEL DISCARDS HIS HOSIE AND WEALTH. I AH sorry to BIT that lin. Conroy's expres- sion es she fled nae not entirely consistent with tho grieved end heart-broken manner with which she jost closed the interview with Henry Devarges. Something of a smile lurked about the corners of her thin lips as she tripped op the eteps of her house, ano stood psnting a little with the exertion in the shadow of the porch. But here she suddenly found herself becoming quite faint.and.entering the apparently empty house, passed at once to her boudoir, and threw herself exhaustedly on the lounge with a certain peevish discontent at her physioal weakness. Ko one hod seen her enter ; the Chinese servants were congregated in the distant wash- house. Her housekeeper had taken advantage of her absence to ride to the town. The unusual heat was felt to be an apology for any domestic negligence. She was very thoughful. The shock she had felt on first meeting Devarges was past; she was satisfied she still retained tbe influence over him sufficient to keep him her ally against Bimirez, whom she felt she now had reason to fear. Hitherto his jealousy had only shawn itself in vaporing and bravado ¡ she bsd been willing to believe him capable of offering her physical violence in his insane fury, and bad not feared it ¡ but this deliberately planned treachery made her tremble. She would see Devarges again ; she would recite the wrongs she had received from the dead brother and husband, and in Henry's weak attempt to still his own conscience with thst excuse, the could trust to him to keep Bemires in check, and withhold the exposure until she and Gabriel could get away. Once out of tbs country shs j could laugh at them both ; ones away she could j ' devote herself to win the love of Gabriel, with- j ont which she bad begun to feel her life and schemes had been io Tain. She would harry their departure at once. Since the report bad .pread affecting the Taine of mine, Gabriel, believing ft trae, had vaguely felt it bia duty to atand by bia doubtful claim and accept its fortunes, and had delayed hie preparations. She would malte him believe that it was Dnmphy's wish that he should go at once ; she would make Dumphy write him to that enact. She entiled as ehe thought of the power she had lately achieved over the fears of this financial magnate. She could do all this now- at once -but for her physical weakness. She ground her teeth as she thought of it ; that at auch a time ehe ehould be-ah!-and yet a moment later a sudden fancy flashed acrosB her mind, and she closed ber eyes that she might take in its delusive sweetness more completely. It might be that it wanted only this to touch his heart-some men were so strong-and if it were-oh. God ! -she stopped. What wa« that noise? The house had been very quiet, so still that ehe had heard a wood- pecker tapping on ite roof. Bat now Bhe heard distinctly the slow, heary tread of a man in one of the upper chambers, which had been used as a lumber-room. Mrs. Conroy had none of the nervous apprehension of her s-x in regard to probable ghosts or burglars-she bad two much of a man's practi- cal pre-oeoupation for that, yet she listened curiously. It came again. There was no mis- taking it now. It was the tread of B man with whom her tbonghts had been busy-her hus- band. What was he doing here? Tn the few months of their married life he had never been home before at this hour. The lumber-room contained among other things the dUjeeta membra of his old mining life and experience. He may have wanted something. There was aa old bag which she remembered he said con- tained some of his mother's dresses. Yet it was so odd that he should go there now. Any other time but this. A terrible superstitions dread a dread that any other time she would have laughed to acorn, began to creep over her. Hark he was moving. She stepped breathing. The tread recommenced. It passed into the upper ball and came slowly down the stairs, each step recording iteelf io her heart beats. It reached the lawer hall and seemed to hesitate ; then it oame slowly along towards her door, and again heiitated. Another moment of suspense and she felt she would have screamed. And then the door slowly opened and Gabriel Btood before her. In one swift, intuitive, hopeless look she read her fate. Ile knew all ! And yet bis eyes, except that they bore lesa of the usual per- plexity and embarratiment with which they bad habitually met here, though grave and sad, had neither indignation nor anger. He had changed his clothes to a rough miner's blouse and trowiera, end carried in one hand a miner's pack, and in the other a pick and 8 shovel. He laid them down slowly and deliberately, and seeing her eyes flied upon them with a nervous intensity, began apologetically : " They contain, milln, on'y a blanket and a few duds ez I allui used to carry with me. I'll I open it ef you say so. But you know me, ma'am, well enough to allow th it I'd take nothin' outer this yer house ez I didn't bring inter it." .' You are going away ?" she said, in a voice that wai not audible to herself, but seemed to echo vaguely in her mental consciousness. "I be. Rf ye don't know why, ma'am, I 'reckon ez you'll hear it from the same vyee i es I did. It's on'y the equar thing to say afore I go, ez it ain't my fault nor hiz'n. I was on | the hill thii momio' in the old cabin,' It seemed as if he bsd told her thii before, so old and eelf-evident the fact appeared. " I wai eayin' I wot on the bill, when I heerd Tyces, and lookin' out I seed you with a stran- ger. From what ye know o' me and my ways, ma'am, it ain't like me to listen to thot wot ain't allowed for me to bear. And ye might have stood thar ontel now ef I hedn't eeen a chap doHgin' raubd behind the tress epyin' and list nin'. Whoo I seed that man 1 knowed him to be a pore Mexican, whoae legs I'd tended yer io the Gulch mor'n a year ego. I went up to him, end when he seed me he'd hev run. But I laid my hand onto him- and- be stayed!" There was something so unconsciously large and fine in the slight gesture of this giant's hand as he emphasized his «peech, that even through her swiftly riling pride Mrs. Conroy was awed and thrilled by it. But the next moment she found herself saying-whether aloud or not she could not tell-" If he had loved me be would have killed bim then and there." " Wot thet man sed to me-bein' flustered and savage like, along o' bein' choked hard to keep him from singin' out and breakin' in upon you aoH thet entire stranger-ain't fur me to say. Enowin' bim longer than I du, I reckon you suspect 'bout wot it was. That it ez the truth I read it in your face now, ma'am, ez I reckon I might heve read it off and on in many ways and vari'e styles tens we've been yer to- gether, on'y I was thet weak and ondecided yer." He pointed to Iiis forehead here, and then with bit broad palm appeared to wipe away the trouble end perplexity that had over- shadowed it. He then drew n paper from his breast. "I've drewed up a little paper yer ez I'll hand over to Lawyer Maxwell makin' over back again all er I once bed o' you and all ez I ever expect to her. For I don't agree with thet Mexican thet wot waa gid to Grace belongs to me. I allow ez elis kin settle thet herself, ef she ever comes, and ef I know thet chile, ma'am, she ain't goin' to tech it with a two-foot pole. We've allus bin simple folks, ma'am, though it ain't the equar' thing to tske me for a eampte, being oneddicated and common, but thar ain't a Conroy thet lived ez was ever pinted for money or ez ever took more outer the j cotnoany'e wages than his grub and his clothes." It wai the Bret time that he bad ever snorted himself in her presence, and even then be did it half apologetically, yet with sn unconscious dignity in his manner that became him well. He reached down as he spoke, and took up his pick and his bundle and turned to go. "There is nothing then that you bare left behind you ?" she asked. He raised his eyes squarely to hers. *' No," he eaid, simply, *' nothing." Oh, if she could baie only spoken ! Oh, had she but dared to tell bim that be had left behind that which he could not take away, that which the mere instincts of his manhood would hare stirred him with tenderness and mercy, that which would hare appealed to him through its very helplessness and youth. But she dared not. Thut eloquence which an hour before had been ready enough to sway the feelings of the man to whom she had been faitbles and did not love, failed her now. In the grasp of her first ann! only hopeless passion this arch-hypocrite had lost even the tact of theeimpless of her sex. She did not even assume an indifference! She said nothing ; when ehe raised her eyes again he wae gone. She wes wrong. At the front door he stopped, hesitated a moment and then returned slowly and diffidently to the room. Her heart beat rapidly, and then was etill. "Ye asked me jest now," he eaid falteringly, ef thar wis anything rt I was leavin' behind. Thar is, ef ye'll overlook my esyin' it. When you and me allowed to leave fur furriu parts, 1 reckoned to leave thet housekeeper behind, and unbeknowed to ye I gin her some money and a charge. I tole her thet if ever thet dear chile, Sister Grace, came here, thet ehe ahould take ber in and do by her es I would, and let me know. Et may ba a heap to uk, bot if it tain't too much-I-shouldn't-like-yer- to-tum -thet innocent unmspeotin' ohile away from the house thet ehe might take to be tnioe. Se needn't let on snythin' thet'e gone ; ye needn't tell her wot a fool I're been, but jest take bar in and send for me. Lawyer Maxwell will gin you my address." The sting recalled her benumbed life. She rose with a harsh dissonant laugh and asid, "Your withes shall be fulfilled-if"-she hesitated a mement-" Jam here." But he did not hear the last sentence, end was gone. OHAHTEB ZZXV. WEAT PASSED UNDER THE PINE AND WHAT REMAINED TUE EE. RAHTBEZ was not es happy in bis revenge as he had anticipated. He had, in an instant of impulsive rage, fired his mine prematurely, and, as he feared, impotently. Gabriel bsd not visibly sickened, faded, nor fallen blighted under the exposure of his wife's deceit, lt waa even doubtful, es far aa Ramiros could judge from his quiet reception of the revelation, whether he would even call that wife to account for it. Again, Ramirez wae unpleasantly conscious that this exposure had lost some of its dignity and impirtance by being wrested from him as a confession made under pressure of duress. Wjrse tban all, be bad lostths opportunity of Sreviously threatening Mrs. Conroy with the isclosure, and the delioious spectacle of her discomfiture. In point of faot his revenge had been limited to the cautious oowerdice of the anonymous letter-writer, who, Blabbing in the dark, enjoys neither the contemplation of the agonies of his victim, nor the assertion of his own individual power. Come what might, he would tee her again and at once. He would let her know that be suspected her relations with this transistor. He would tell her that he had written the letter that he had forged the grant-that A tsp at the door recalled him to himself. It opened presently to Sal, coy, bashful, and con ecious. The evHcnt agitation of this young foreigner had to Sai's matter-of-fact, comprehen- sion only one origin-a hopeless, consuming passion for herself. "Dinner hez bin done gone an bout ago," said that arch virgin, " but I put euthin' by for ye. Ye was ioquirin' last night about them Conroys. I thought I'd tell ye thet Gabriel hez bin yer askin' arter Lawyer Maxwell-which he'e off to Sicramento - altho' one o' Sue Markle's moat iutymit friends and steadiest boarders 1" But Mr. Rimirez had no ear for Gabriel now. " fell to me, Mees C atk,'.' he ssid, suddenly turning all his teeth on ber, with gasp- ing civility, "where is the Senor Perkins, eh?" " Thet shiny chap-ez looks like a old turned alpacker gownd !" eaid Sal, " thet man ez I can't abear," she o^ntinued, with a delicate maidenly suggestion that Bsmirez need fear no rivalry from that quarter. "Idon't mind s and don't keer to know. He besn't bin yer eince mornin'. I reckon he's up somewhar on Conroy's Hill. All I know ez th-t he sent a messsge yer to git ready hie valise to put aboard the Wingdam stage to-night. Are ye goin' with him F" " No," said Ramirez, curtly. "Aiin' yer parding for the question, but seein' ez he'd got booked for two place, I tho't ez mayhe ye'd got tired o' plain mounting folks and mounting ways, and waz goin' with him," and 8al threw an arch yat reproachful glance at Ramirez. " Booked for two eests," gasped Victor, "eh '.fora lady, perhaps-eh, Mees Clark? for a lady ?" i (To be Continued.) 