AMERICA. CELT VESSUS SAXON. ?' What noble deed doth history trace Outside the Anglo-Saxon name ?' The Augusta Chronicle and Sentinel fur? nishes an elaborate report of an address delivered by one Dr. Irvine, on the ? Anglo Saxon,' before tho Georgia Historical So ciety. We make an'extract : — ' Already we may safely hazard the statement that the Anglo-Saxon of Europe and America is con trolling the highest interests of our earth. The Anglo-Saxon mind is thinking for all nations. fcuDtract irom all the iibaries oi the earth all the literature produced by Anglo-Saxon genius and you leave a very cypher at the end. Abolish the patent galleries of London, Washington, Paris, and Berlin, and you hurl our globe, back to a middie age era. Scuttle all the ships that have been planned by tho Anglo-Saxon mind and you empty all the harbours of the globe and leave its oceans almost as wild and 'dreary as they were in the day when Noah's Ark rested on Mount Ararat. Abolish the custpm houses and counting houses which are in Anglo-Saxon hands, and you reduce our cities to ruined villages, and cast the enterprise of the nineteenth century back into the oblivion of pagan gloom. Annihi kto the printing-press of the Anglo-Saxon, and you throw a funeral pall over all the civilized nations of the world. Abolish the principles of Anglo-Saxon liberty, civil and religious, and you bind tho human soul in a fetter of adamant. The Anglo-Saxon of England and his posterity iff Republican America, havo succeeded in translating the in&pired; literature of heaven into one hun dred and seventy-five different languages and tongues, rendering these records of the ancient and modern sense of Abraham ac cessible to over seven hundred millions of the human family.' It is said that habitual liars come at last to believe their own fabrications as facts. Such io the force of repetition. This seems to be tho case with the Anglo-Saxon writers and oratora. When men hava got that far, they can hardly indeed bo called wilful liars ; Knf 4-1-1 /Vll* MOO HTA Yl/Ymo 4*li/a lr*cict ^nnfrmiAnn f/^\» all that, and it is our duty, sni tho duty of all lovers of truth, to disprovo and dissipate the lies. As regards Dp. Irvino we havo just this to remark — That all that he assorts is as true of the Celt as it is false of the Anglo Saxon. Dr. Irvine did not venture to substantiate his assertions. Dr. Irvine giveo us rhetorical declamation ; we shall give facts. Tho Colt at this day controls, and ever has controlled, ' the higher interests of our earth.' Celtic Eomo gave lav/a^ to the nations of the olden world ; Celtic Eome gave laws to the nations of the modern world. Tho physical power of Rome has passed away ; but the Eternal City still cons iuues to be the centre of religion, of civiliza ion, and of art. In the fullest sense of tho phrase, ' wo may safely hazard the stateo ment that tho Pope is controlling the higho3t interests of our earth,'1 both in' Europe and America. And almost all the Popes— from Linu3, tho immediate successor of Peter, down to Pius IX., have been Celts. Wo don't wish to give an exclusively Celtic com plexion to the Church— for the Church Universal has been established for all races and for all times ; but we promised to give facts., find we ares giving them. Now, this is a most singular fact :— That not one nation or tribo— no, not even Dr. Irvine's Anglo Saxon — has ever been brought within the palo of Christianity except through Rome. Almost all the missionaries of the Uni* verstJ Church have been Celts. So that ' we may safely hazard the statement '' that the world has been Christianized by tho Colt. The Phoenicians, from which the Celtic Irishare reputed to be sprung, were the in vontor3 of letters. The Greeks, tho most highly cultured people of the ancient world, were Celts— as are the French, the most highly cultured people of modern times. Said Wendell Phillips, in a lecture delivered by him in Boston in June last :— ' There is no other people in Europe — and if there is any reporter here, I would have him observe what I say — there is no other people in Europe that has done one- half the service to science that France has done during the last hundred years— not one .' ' The world's greatest poet3 are Celts — Homer, Virgil, Ossian, QDante, Petrarch Tasso, Eacine, Calderon, Cornoille, Cervan-' tes. Shakespeare is Anglo-Norman, not Anglo-Saxon : Chateaubriand, who has been called ' the Poet Laurate of Christianity,' is a Celt. Walter Scott, Campbell, Moore, and Robert Burna are Celts. The world's greatest orators froca Demos thenes and Cicero, down to Edmnnd Burke and Gratfcan, have been Celts. The world's greatest sculptors and painters —Michael Angelo, Raphael, Eosa, De Vinci, Guido, Murillo, &e.;, are Celts. Jin ioe greatest oi cue great military cap* tains— Alexander, Ctesar, Seipio, Charle magne, Napoleon — were Celts. Wellingten* we beliove, was an Anglo- Norman ; as was Washington. The two Jacksons-*-' Hickory' and ' Stonewall'— Scott, M'Clellan, Lee, Grant, Sheridan, are all pure Celts. The discoverer of America«=-Columbus — was a Celfe. Tho first to double the Capo of Good Hope— Vasco de G-ama— -was a Celt. The two most successful Arctic explorers Hayes and Kane — wera Celts. The first explorer of Australia — Burke — waa a Celt. The Emperor of the compass Flavio Gioje, was a Celt. Pope Gregory XIII. who re* formed the Calendar, was a Celt. The Saxons of England kicked against this calendar for upwards of a hundred years. As some writer says : 'They preferred to fight against the stars rather than agree with the Pope.'yBufc the Saxon^waa ' brought to time'' at last. Pope Sylvester, a Celt, invented clocks with a balance ; another Celt (we forget his name just here) introduced the pendulum. It was Guy, a Celt— and a monk of Arezzo in Italy — that introduced tho gamut (or scale of musical notes) into church singing. The invontor of the church organ was a Celt. Galileo, the inventor of the telescope and the discoverer of tli8 earth's rotation, was a Celt. He was also the discoveror of Jupiter's Satellites. Virgilius, an Irish bishop who flourished in the seventh century, was tho first to form a correct theory of the earths sphericity. Secchij a Jeauifc, the greatest astronomer now living, is a Celt. Vasco Nunez de Balboa, a Celt, discovered tho Pacific Ocean. Vasco de Gama (already named), a Celt, discovered the Indian Ocean. Magellan, a Celt, was tho first to double Cape Horn. Jacques Carder, a Celt, dis covered the St. Lawrence, Champlain, a Celt, was the first to explore tho Great North West. Do Soto, a Celt, was tho first to explore tha Mississippi. Pedro Alvarez Cabral discovered the East Indies and Brazil. D'Alembeat, the first to elucidate the laws of storms, was a Colt.'Jacquard, the inventor of the silk loom, was a Colt. Napier, the inventor of logarithm?, was a Celt. Volta, a Celt, first discovered the pro perties of electric currents. Galvani, a Celt, discovered the science which bears his name — galvanism. Becquerel, a Celt, first con structed batteries for the generation of electricity. Strada, a Celt (and a Jesuit;, sketched a plan of magnetic telegraphy as far back' as 1649. Abbe dol'Epee, a Celt, invented the art of dactylology — or the alphabet for the deaf and dumb. Daguerre, a Celt, .was the discoverer of the art of taking pictures by photography. Daguerreotype comeo from hia name. Balsco do Garap was the firstto apply steam to navigation. Thi3 he did in the harbour of Barcelona, in 134.3, iu the presonce of the Euporor Charles V and his court. CONVERTS. An American exchange gives the names of some recent converts to the Chui'ch. Ono of these was that of Mr. Jamos Williams of this 'city. was a prominent member of tb.9 ' ' 'Baptist' CliurcK on Nintlwstree't, a Sunclay' *?-- 'school tbachoi1 and feronsur'ec v Ministers arid -r'. friends ? tried to 'disnuado him from talcing ' ' ? the important otop ? saying it was unheard ' of that any one left; tho. Baptists to join tho ' Catholioa. Ho knew better, and did right. On Saturday, in Holy Woelt, after thorough instructioa by Rov. A. Qu'atman, he was .! baptized in tho Cathedral by the Most llev. Archbishop, and read h'ia retraction ? and profession ol faith knoeling be fore the altar. His rev. instructor arid Mrs. ' Anna Fox sponsors, and a considerable coh \- gregation assisted at tho impressive -.?'ceremony. Hia family and former f- associates, as tho ; Archbishop remarked in \- 'ilia addreso, need not fear that bin embracing the religion of love taught by Jesus Christ -will diminish his true love for them. \- ? ' Another gratifying entrance into the one ' ' ? fold of tlio one Heavenly Shepherd was that of Mia!3 M. E. Heisner, an accomplished young lady lately returned from a tour in \- ''jEurope, who chose, unier the influence of \- .divine grace, to spend a month at Mount : Notre Barne preparing for tho happy day of . ' her baptism. Miss . Heisner is a native of Gailipolis, 'where so many of the old French settlers \- nogloctod the truth for the teachings of the ' ' Revolutionists. To mako amends for their .-. defection, God vas pleased to.lead into His ?? - Church the admirable Mrs. Admiral Dahl* i'! ren (no.a Vsntnn^ n.lsn n ? ??nn.Mvfi nf O-.tllitiolia. \- and now. Miss M. E-. Heianer of Gailipolis. i'.'ODeo Gratias !— Cincinnatia Telegraph. \- A NEW CATHOLIC STATE OF THE ASIEEICAN — r; :i;,';' ????..? . . .UNION. ?''.'?? /ly-a^ew Mexico ia about to be absorbed into Va theUnion, and asifc ia essentially Catholic, the ion Chicago Pilot writes : — Wo . regrot to .shock itotithe; nerves of our Pope-fearing friends by the ?.t flnhouncemen^ yefc, nevertheless, it. must be luuinentioned as a : fact of the public interest, that New Mexico ia about to be admitted as zois ??''sovereign; State of .the American' Union. ? o^iJytpt'jthmk of it! Nine-tenths: of tho.pbp!u-! lation are .Catholics, and the whole people ;-?.':. are ; .composed of, Mexicans, ? Spaniards, r TTl .-? ^ ? - ? ? - 'I ? ' '1 - , n ? 1 ? tO:,xnaians, graziers, ana. aaventurera or- au kinds ! Yefc the : best . andrCpredoinine'nt ,-q- element; -is thoroughly .Catholic,: and the .'3i-.Qatholics;iwall .control all the. local offices. (U'jJ&Yenr.the; .public schools, off;- th'a newrState': ^wwill, ; as - nay?;- be conducted in . accordance 'YiiWitU Catholic teacbingal, 'Wo ;have: no doubt ,oeJhe bigots will howl.rbutiWe- hope they; will ; gradusllyO quiot i'down. r.;; Mesihave1- every — zaaauKince that: oKew'-Mexico; when:- invested }o mth (covereiign' tpoweS -.ofi: a,. State ? in /the .Ho'^meripan-.-.Uinibniiwili .prove ?to. :;bd -aDcCon- — r.6.erya^iv.e;and .tolorant.as the Catholic colony j-i-ijin cMaryland Lwao- in- thei.dlden; -time, when /slo3?avit&nr-New-;, VMagland. ; was : .wielding 'the. jSro^QrA-ofjeligiouo-porsecution. ,?;. ? i.L : : 'i.''lST«!vPAXSI0K'S;:;tOATHEDIlAi,, NEW; YORK.— OfiT -?-'i'-'J ;A MAaNIFICJJNU^EMBLE.L'.-, ;-i ;. ' ' fiA descriptiQniQf;th9imosb..s.pTendid'.; churcb on urljjilhoj Amei'ican -.continent,;;, which .?? iaii being fiii jraifjedoin -.JS^m [ iTork.-; by, : Catholic zeal ? and - «V; .nliber^lity.; '„, : .- We,, quote. : as , follow s f rom .. the article :— - . ; si-jol-Ifc.-wiU.'be eighteen years nextAugust since' hid the. corner .; otohe of; : JS fci , Petriek'sf Cathedral .rniwas, laid.: ? The building .ia,: not nearly Oi;ifini8h6d,; and no one -knows .when it will bo. oii.^ear.ly.ir, £2,000,000 has already7 be'en o-j;iexpended')On itj;jmd- millions more will bo needed before it i3 completed. . .Tho rule. has hMifbe.en -.to incur -no indebtedness ou accbuHtiof a iithe ,wQrki;and, there being at isresent but ? s'iilitf;lCmoney ia the exchequer, only, a few (;.ri (labourers are engaged. . i . o.;i-; ;- iThe extreme; : length of the edifice, tho . p.x: iextsrior of which is of -white . marble, is 334 ;)s'. feet,'. the interior dimGU'sions being 30G feet ;' the length of the transepb is 140 feet; the, ? Lo-iWidth- of the nave:, 96 feet ; including the vJ. aisles, or from pillar to pillar, 48, giving to .n^each.aisle^ width. of:2ifeefc. The height of olt the. nave is. 110 feet, and of the aisles, 54 .feet.' .:.! iThe clustered columns of the nave, choir, and u .transept, are all of white marble. The front j[ -ihfts three doorTways? of which the centre has (?i a.: total ; width, of 31 .feet; with a height, ,v;'; including the gabloa, of 51 feet. Above thia j;1.:;door;iis.a transom of; pure white marble, sculptured with leaf forms and tendrils of sy. .grape vine.Sj, interwoven with wheat, symbolic ?iG.iXSf the Holy Sacramejtit:; and three doves — . oiljtho icentre one representing' tho descent ^of the Hojy Ghost, the right, the dove from the -o'l ark.with the olivo branch in its mouth, and (i ! vthe left, .the ascent. of the ;Holy Spirit. \ on- ??.?? The ?. small;. windavv.. of the j porch- peers ...icabove ^ this, esquisiter ,oculptur.ed. -.work.- - On lo each side of the porch are the .maasivra biit ,,,iiVtre,gBes of the facade,' which.-rise ;to.. the 'jjiimiddlo of the main gable,,! and .theae:- dv'ot hoi iC^pped with graceful piriiiacleai ; The mdiii' lo'i gable'. ib richly panolled,:! :.ahd. exquisitely . t.nvflculptuved tracory fillc each; ;panel. ? :.TJie t vr.cenlre buttress ia decorated with -elaborately Kox;carved: niches for statues of the . Apoatlec. r.-! : BeloW. the iinCK: of f.Vin mnin frnKlo -in n ..lotirVn .,,{ rb&'e window, the tracery of which is wrought id jyith much. elaboration. The pediments of .' r.uj.the gablo . are ornamented with, croeketn representing morning glories Mi&g.vape;°vinos. Tho portals on either side of the main r- entrance are' elaborately adorned, with ,?° '^soulptured work of natural foliage ' From J? . fttem 'spring the two towers, which are to be 8 x[v c^p'ed with ppirea three hundred and thirty* 'four feet ITgh. The towers are thirty- two feet square at tho baae, ? exektsivo of tho massivo buttrossea. At 'the height of. one hundred and thirty-six feet, thoy will change to an octagonal form, which will bo main tained for flfty-four foot, after which the ?'jpirea will taper gracefully to the cap-stonos and crosses which will surmount them. _ On the side, the buttresses rise in a series of terraced gradations high above tho copmg of tho aisle roof, and terminate in pinnacles also. The coping is surmounted by battlements of rich tracory, in designs of foil forms. The walls of tho clerestory are strengthened _by buttresses bptween tho windows. Flying buttresoes will complete a portion of tho ele vation of the transepts. There is another line of traced and pieroed battlotnonts at the base of the painted roof, lighter but not less beautiful than tho lino below. Tho flanking buttresses of the transept iiso to a height of a hundred and fifty feet, and are pierced and panolled and surmounted by pinnacles, the central apex of tho gablo ending in a beauti ful foliated cross. Below the cavoslino is a row of niches for statues, and there are aloo nichos in the centre of the buttresses on each side of the central body of the transept. The central part of tho transept, with the cross, will be 186 foet high. The altar-piece of the cathedral, will be a moot elaborate work. It is being made partly in Paris and partly in Eome. Moat of the stained glass iG being made in France. TVnnrltr d.11 tlin tvinrlnvrn jivo donations. That of the . north transept will be the gift of tho ?diocese of Albany. It will represent sconos in tho life of the Virgin Mary. The /iouth transept window, which will represent soeneo in the life of St. Patrick, will bo put in by the parish, ?' . ? ; ? CANINE tflDELITY.-^-MELANCHOLY NAEEATIVE ? ? FI1O3I NEWFOUUDLAND. About an hour boioro dawn on the 24th of : January, a father and three sona went out on a wood-chopping expedition from the town of Placentia, Newfoundland, which liea west of St. John's. Such expoditiono aro made with Eaquimaux dogs, which are oecurely har nocsodto.rude cledo, called 'eantamarr.cn,' ;.oa account of their resemblance to tho rafts which' the South Sea Iolandero noe and call . by that memo. When the menleft their, cabin -itweg. loop frosty than it had been for ooverc,l :d'ays before, and waa favourable forthe:wood dub'tera,;but..b6foro 8 o'clock a terrific .snow-_ . btornv xraa raging : throughout . Placontia ; Bay, and at noongre.atbanks;of; snow-drifts had blocked tho roads in -many directiono. In nuch circumstances -thero is extreme anxiety ? in regard. , to :. those who vare , absent cutting in the fprostD, ao tho gloomy records tell of skeletons found beneath the snow in the spring time— of mon who had . left thoir cabiris'in fairwoather several months before and were overtakon. by; great rinow'-storms; When Monday evening ciiin6, and the 'woodsmen did/iot' return, the wife and the mother of the absent nien grow Very solicitous for. their safety. They should have been nt homej no'matter how bad thoroadD,'dr hpavy their loads, at six or seven o'clock on Monday eTentng, ; had, nothing- happened. But the wild 'dnow;st0rm was still sweeping over the bay, and there was every reason to fear that tho worst had bpfallon them.' About' dawn jnoxt morning Mrs. Patridge and her daughter were aroused by the howling of dogo,; who pawed the threshold and pounced upon tho door in 'a moat vehement ' manner. Mro. Patridge at first rejoiced, believing that her husband and boys had arrived. When the door waa opened the dogs would not enter, but continued1 to whiuo and paw the ground impatiently. The old woman then went to the wood-yard to oall her husband and boys but the only answer given was the piteous whining and yelping of the dogs. After a while many of the noigbours gathered around the cabin, and most of th&m; knew too well the harrowing etory that tho poor brutes could tell had they the faculity of spoech. The dogs were liujjiuuauio ; neibuur iuou uoi uurubbus could quiet them. One old fisherman said ho would teat the animals by moving in the direction of the woods. He hal no sooner called them arid started in that direction t ban thoy bounded past him and led the way, looking. back evqry few paces to mako suro that he was following. Four, young fisher man then volunteered to follow tho dogs, and were led to the part of the woods where the men lay buriod in the snow. Prodigious banks of snow piled on tho regular road mado the way to the fatal npot circuitoua and difficult. ..'\\. .' ;..???? :; .'?''.. On the sido of One mountain of drifted sriOW' four dpgs wero found yelping, dismally ' and J (Jigging tho snow with f .their ? pawa.' .The'toluriteers wont; to worlr/'arfd after; two hours* ^search \with snow '. shovels,, recdyerod the bodies of aU the men, but too late to ro suscitate^ them. This remarkable inDtance of sagacity and fidelity in the ''trained, dog's of Newfoundland is not without precedent. About four yearo ago a young inan left Heart's Content with one dog and a cata maran for ,the' -woods. It was a windy day,1 and the man was killed by the falling of a tree which lie had boon chopping. The dog being unharnessed, as all draught dogo aro bri reaching the woods, cams 'homo alone at fnight, refused food, arid gave the usual dis innl/^arninga, such as yelling ami pawing the ground. This animal also- led the -way io the: spot .where his mnstor's, corpsa lay. resting, ;?: . , :-,.??? ; 