BLANOCHE VEREKE1f aiY R. MOUNTENEY JEPBzowN. OIHAPTE? XVII. AL, that night Leonard Heletone lay awake in his room at the hotel. There were other sloop.dispelling influences at work besides the fearful beat, the mosquitoes, the strange nese of the place, and that feeling of being still rocked in the cradle of the deep that re mains with one long after the ship in which this minisery has been undergone has been left. He could not drive away from his mind a hope which he know was base and wicked, and for which he despised himself, for Leo nard Heletone was neither quite a brute nor a scoundrel yet, but still which he could not repress, and that was that the descendant of Harriet Oarteret, the eldest daughter of Sir Hugh, might quietly slip out of this world, and make way for the great grandson of Bertha, the second daughter. He longed for the next day, to hear how the sick man was going on; and when the next day came he hired a conveyanoo and drove up the hills, and down again on the other side into the- natural furnace in which the barracks were built. As he loft the hills and de scended into the stifling atmosphere, he was nearly stopping the native John and asking him whether he was not driving by mistake down into the orator of a very lively vol cane. He was, however, reassured when the driver pulled up in front of a fine stone gateway, where a pale and shaky sentry, looking like the ghost of a British soldier, directed him to Olonnoll's quarters. This sentry stood at the gate feebly, or crawled about without a rifle, being too ill and weak to carry one. These sort of duties were called "light," and were furnished by the convalescents. In answer to Heletone'e knock at the door of Olennell's quarters, which was open, but had a screen of bamboo framework hanging before it, a little girl of about ten, decently dressed in mourning, made of some light material, came to the screen on tiptoe, pursed up her colourless little lips, and hold a thin forefinger up to them. "What Is it, please?" she said in a whisper. " He's just dropped off to sleep, and Doctor O'Toole said that if he did, he wasn't on no account to be woke up." " ,Ie this Mr. Olonnell's quarters ? " asked Heletone. "Yes, sir," said the little girl. ":Well, I only wanted to ask-" "If you please, sir." interrupted the cautious little nurse, "I'd better come out and talk to you in the passage," and she lifted the screen gently and led the way down the passage for a little, and then stood' up awaiting her questioner's will, a fragile, demur, pale-faced little thing, with red eyes and a pink tip to her nose. "I only want to ask how Mr. Olonnell is to-day," said Heletone. "I think he must be better now, sir," said the little girl, " for Doctor O'Toole said if he had a good sloop it might be the saving of him, for ho's been 'lorious for ever so long." " Has he beeoon very ill, then ?' "0! yes sir ; this last time he has. They thought he was gone lots of 'times." 'Leonard Heletone was not particularly de fioient'in feeling, and he felt a glow of pity for the child, and a curiosity to know who shblwas and what she was doing there. " And what's your name ? " he said. " Jessie, sir."* ".Jesse what ?" " Jessie Gibson, please, sir." "And what are you doing hero, Jessie? Where are your father and mother ?" The little girl's nostrils and mouth twitched, and the eyes and the tip of the nose got redder; and she produced, in choking silence from the depths of her pocket, a very soiled handkerchief- the re ceptaole of much snivolling--rolled up in n tight ball, which she proceeded to squeeze and roll tp tighter in her hands, and then to dab her eyes savagely with. She thenou tried to answer the quootion; but with the first effort to speak, a sob anme bursting out from the sorrow.-trickon little heart. 8or rowing, but unselfish in its grief, for she at once said, "0! come lower down the pas sage, please, sir. He may hoar us and wake." Leonard Holetone was touched. Who would not have boon ? And ano the little girl stopped in the passage near the outer door, he laid his hand gently on the thin, little, black print-olad ehoulders, and patted them. le did not repeat the quootion. He had had an answer more eloquent than words. Tho littla girl did not appear to think no, however, for sho made another effort and said, " pleaseo, ir, m-no-mother'n dead." (The o dead" came out in a piteoun little wail.) "And so in poor, poor fathor. 0 I 0!" 1 Don't cry, Joaaie I And who wao your father?" "Color-sergoant Gibnon, air, of K Coin pany-hboo boo boo-the samo noe a Mr. Olon noll's." Yen, poor old Gibson had gono too, and Jessie wano "that thor littlo gurl" ho had naked Olonnoll, and Olonnoll had promised, to befriend. Poor old Gibson I If the render racollootn, ho wan to havo boon in validated by the noxt board that nat; but they only sat periodically, and betwoon the sitting of one and the annombling of tho next, ho had died; so betwooeen two boardu ho had gone to the ground. " And have you boon ill too, Jossio ? " "'Yes, sir; I'vo had the fever; but I'm quite woll now, thank you, oir, 0! horo'e Dootor O'Toolo comrning now I" and the hlild's floo brightonod up. "Heow d'yododo? Glad to soo you'vo found your. way down hero," said D)otor O'Toolo to Holatono. Ahi I J'osie, and how'n hle gotting on ?" "l 0 l please, sir, ho's leooping bonati Lul 1" !'In he, bodad ? Then thoro'e nothing for me to (1do horo, for nloop at this time in worth any nmrount of Doctor, O'Toolo. I'll drop in in the aftrnoron again, Joeuio, and I'll seond you over noumotlhing nicO fro'm the inose. Come over there," ho addod, turning to lIolftono; " I(th tiflln buglo will be goinglC in a few mninulot." The invitation vwatns aucjtod, nnd thoy both walked naroar tihe 0q1uaro--IIolatoln fooling more than over tlhat thoro munt be a llvolt volcano in aotivo operation some. whror very close-while JTesio returned to the dtrkuoled rnaoo to watoh over the living and mourn for Iho dead, L Doctor O'Toole did not always speak with a brogue. It was only in moments of ex citement, or when he wished to be omphatic, that he did so, and at those times you might have out it with a knife. He was excited as he entered the ante room with Helstone, whom he introduced to a few officeoors who were lounging about wait ing for the tiffin-bugle to sound. "'Well, Doother, and what's the news?" He was "dother" to every one in the regiment, men and officers, Saxon, Hiber nian, or Gaoel. "Newe! Would ye believe it?" burst out O'Toolo at once after, of course, the usual preface-" wait for a moment," &o.; " We've had a letter from home pitching into us like haythons for oexpinding so much port wine in the hospital, and telling us we'll have to bear the expinso ourselves if suoh wanton waste is repated. Wanton waste! That's what they call saving a man's life worth two hundred pounds to them-and a groat deal more to himself, faith !.-for a palthry bottle of port wine. They've sent us four dozen in the last con signment, which will just last about a week at the most, for in the giniral hospital there's sixty, if there's one, just recovering, to whom a glass or two of port every day for a time moans loifo," (he was getting very excited) " and to hape it from him means murther. And when this is done-sure and they spakeo of this same as if it were a very remote occurrence-we're to go on an in tirely now principle. We're to purchase the 'comforts' ourselves on the spot; and, och, the generosity! Ye won't belave it! We may go as far, but we mayn't excapo, two shillings a bottle for the port!" " At this there was a general howl of exoe oration; and the senior officer present, a fat old major, seemed to sicken and turn faint in his chair as he faltered out, "come, come, O'Toole, your joking ! " "By me sowl, it's God's tr-r-uth. Two shillings a bottle!" " "Don't, don't, O'Toolel" said the fat old major, whose nose seemed to be hung out like an illuminated:sign- board, to show that "liquors" were drunk on' the promises." " Don't; it's positively revolting I" "Two shillings a bottle ! " repeated O'Toole, regardless of the old major's en treaties. " Why, it's enough to knock a sthrong man down, let alone a poor follow thrimbling in the balance! What would you take, major, to dhrink half a bottle of two shilling port at this moment ?" The major shuddered, and even the nose paled as if the light in the illuminated sign board had suddenly gone out, as he said rather angrily, "come, come, O'Toole; a joke's a joke; but you're carrying it too far. Ugh I" " Well, I'll tell you what it is. Oim not going to commit wholesale murther for any government; and my name's not O'Toole if I give a poor follow any of that same two. shilling port, barring perhaps a man I catch shamming, and I'll give it him assa punish mont. -But if, in my opinion, it's necessary for a sick man to have port, I'll not give him poison ; but I'll send over to this moss here, and get it good, and maybe save his life by it; and if the government won't pay for it, which I don't suppose they will, why, al thouugli'tm a poor man and an humble in dividual--" "No, no," cried a voice; "adescendaunt of Brian Boru, King of Ulster, indigent per haps, but never humble!" Doctor O'Toole stood chaff quite as well as he administered it, and he replied without being in the least put out, " anyways, he wouldn't have thrated his army like that. He would have provided for them daoontly -maybe it might have boon with a rap on the head with his ould shillolagh! but he wouldn't have sont them out of the world with a mixture of blacking and logwood i No, I'm a poor man; but if government won't pay for it, I will! By the Holy n'ilors I will! There I " Now, when Doctor O'Toolo got to the " Holy Nailors ! "-the oxot moaning or origin of which had not no yet boon fathomed by his frioud--it was a signal that his indignation and his oratory had ronachd their highoot pitch; and it was generally the wind-up to both, as it war in this oase. Bravo, O'Toolo! Purghatorroo had in vain done its worst against him. It had sometimoes given him a knook-down blow, and laid him on his bacok with fever for an hour or two; but the next day the plucky little doctor had bounded up again with the clasticity of an indiarubbor ball, and was hard at his noble work onco more, choeering drooping spirits and alleviating pain and nikl:nons wherever he wont. Thler was no getting to the bottom of his pluak. Purghatorroo had tried Bard, and could not do it. If most of Irolned'o cons could and would, like O'Toolo, only utilise their plunk, what numbers of looplooss nights they might hlave eavod many a minister of the crown. Heoltono wae takon in to " tifln " and tretoed with the usual hospitality by tile fow oflocorn who happened to be off the siclk list at the time. As to Doctor O'Toolo, he just natlched a few hurried mouthfulu, and wav away agan on hi oerrands of meoroy. But although his dutionl called him into the very midslt of misery and wrotollhednoes, hero sioomod niover to forgot an individual aon1o of hardlalhip or sorrow wlhen obance turnloel up for lighton ing it of some of its burdleon. Ho totppod sudldenly on his way to the door, trnd tad dressed a young otloor withll, " aro you going out in your buggy this evoening, Oharter ? " " You," wan thi roply; " I look upon my buggy an i ' trap' to ontoh tho only air this poor ohild ovor guot now. But, dolothor, addcd the good-niaturod young nubaltorn, ao ho auddonly rooollootod how hard-worliod O'1'oolo won, anid that ho did not hoop a buggy, "you ban hIavo it thins ovoning, I'm muro, and wolomouo. I'll go and nit with Olonnoll inatnad," ' No, no, thunklco, Ohartoro, mno fiuo fol low; but thoro's that little IJolio ?? ib on, poor old Gibhnon'U littlo girl; oho'o still wako aftbr the favor, and ho' 1 boon bitting in (Jlonrlldl'u room th)or1 n ol good an gold ovory daiy ovor ailc0 o ho'o boon to oad. IT you'd tatko hor out, liio tboy, for i dlhrivo--- SOIf coura I will, poor littlo soull \V llht a good old follow you luro, douthor, to thilnk of it," and thi young m11a1n thought to hli-ll lolf, dlll what it i uolftlh bruto I nI(i--it would lilvor hIvo outorod my londl, L'horo'o jut? room for a child in tho buggy hliidonl my olf tland thoro'n lots of 'out too ill anld F 1401, "Fno spiritless to play about. By Jove l:I'll (ake one out every night." Leonard Ilelstone made himself so unueu ally agreeable that he was asked to the bar racks the next day to dine, and he went away after lunch feeling more peace and good-will towards man than he had perhaps ever felt before. In the meantime, Olennoll slept on peace fully for hours, and during those hours of quiet, kind Dame Nature was working hard to get that deranged brain and those shat tered nerves into proper trim again. Out of the one she was brushing and scaring away crowds of little hobgoblins and hideous phantoms, who had been having quite a gay time of it up there. The other she was soothing and smoothing with her soft voice and gentle hands. She had just chased away the last little imp, and breathed softly on the wasted limbs, when Clonnell awoke, feeling as if be had shaken off some other existence that had not belonged to him, and had returned to his old self again. Hlis first words were, " whore's estioe?" " Here, please, air." ? :: - " Well, Jessie, I've had a good sleep, oh ?" " Yes, sir, for ever so longi, .ad Doctor O'Toolo says, sir, you'll get on now first rate." "Yes, I do feel mucoh better, and have you been here all day ? " "Yes, sir, Doctor O'Toole sent me over some dinner from the ofilcers' mess." " And' what have you been doing with yourself ? " " I've been looking over the pictures and reading some of the story books you sent me when I had the fever, sir. I couldn't half read them then; and then there's been some of the officers to inquire after you. O i and there's been a strange gentleman to ask after you, sir." " A. strange gentleman, Jessie ? I wonder who` he was.' It' may be some follow I happen to know. in. the regiment that has onme'hero since I've 'been down Was he an officer, Jessie?" . " O I no, sir. I don't think e? ; he wasn't straight enough." " Well, never mind. Run away, Jessie, and see if you can find some one to play with, now that it's getting a little cool." "Please, sir," said the child, with a brighter look than the wan little face had worn for many a day, " Doctor O'Toole, when he came here, this afternoon, said I was to go out for a drive' with Mr. Charters; but I wouhln't g"Raway, sir, until you awoke." " With Charters, eh ?7: Good fellow, Char ters I Well, Jessie, bhe off with you, and tell Mrs. Moroney to smarten you up a bilt." " Goodnight, sir." " Good.night, Jessie." " MyI" said Mrs. Corporal Moroney. SGaoin' out drivin' with a officer, and such a smart young spark too as Mr. Charters I Why, you'll bhe getting quite proud and stuck up like, Jessie. You won't he forgettin'. old. friends, will you, Jessie ?" continued Mrs. Moroney, who, worthy old soul, was always striving with elephiantine banter to bring a gleam of pleasure into the sad little face. The child laughed; but the laugh gradu ally died away until it ended in a whitnper. Mrs. Moronoy, while she had been speaking in this playful style, had boon busying herself tidying the child " up a bit," that's to any, she had given her face a wipe with a damp towel, the skirt of the black print dross a tug down, and the body a hitch up; and these little offices had raised the recollection of how other hands had been wont to perform them; but 01 so differontly I - not that Mrs. Moroney was anything but kind; but whae can come up to a mother's care and solicitude as sheo sends her child forth amongst strangers. Joenio went out for her drive, and 'young Ohartors told her stories, and raised many a laugh, and drove close to the sea, so that sheo might got the benefit of its breeze, and told her all about ships, until the rodness loft the eyes and the tip of the nose and boe gan to settle in the cheooks instead. And when she oname home aoi felt just like a little girl in a fairy story, and no grateful to Charters, as she returned his bright nod nod cheery " good-night, little 'un I" with a ourtsoy, and " good-night, and thank you, oh so much, sir!" " Little creature looks a hundrod per cent. bettor already," romarkod Chartore to him solf. "B3y Jovo! I'll taklo her out every ovening, or some other little 'un I Theor are Iota of 'em weak and helploess." Ohartors kept his resolution for about ton days, but at the end of that time he booeame wealk eand helpless himself, and not more than a woeek after that sagain the buggy hold in the evonings not the bravo genorous IEnglish boy and a sicltly little invalid by his side, but a fat brown Parseeoo who chucklod to as friend that he had got the whole " turn.out" for a more song at a sale of the effects of a young ensign who had died at the "0 dear l 1 fool uncommonly wonk," thought Olonnoll, as Joanio loft the room; " but it'n a jolly kind of woaknone after all," and thon ho dropped off into a doze, waking up gently overy now and then, jnet enough to fool dolightfully oonooiouo of being froo from pain, and then dropping off again,, gaining now ctrongth with each little nap. An ho opened hin oyon after one of theorm, thoy fell upon O'Toolo, who waes tauding watching him. V Woll, Olonnoll, and how'a yorsalf ? I want junt to hoear how you are after your loeep boforo I go to mosn." " I'll toll you, O'Toolo, old follow ; I fool an if some one had kindly oponed the top of my head and lot all the lhot and atnam out, and an if the individual who hall boon atmnuing himnolf for the last throe wooke in pouring moltoe load through my voina and raoking my joints, had connidorably loft-off, and---" "\ Wll, you'll do firat-rto now. But don't go tall'llnrl toil rur!eh You must IToop quiet. IRat for mind and body in the only thing now." " When doon thoe mail go out?" "T Ut, tut, nounnuon I You nmuotn't go bothoring your head about that yoet. Wo'll bhip you off ran noon non you'vo got the otronltgth to put ono foot beforo the other." "I wann't thinking of mynolf. I wan thinking of Sergeant (libteon'n little girl. I want?it to gt helr ihonero in nooni onri poibiulo ouit of this plaoo. I proinored him when I wao ill the lirnt tine when lie oame to uoo mion horo, and I proumieod him again when I ro turned the visit and hl was on Ibi death bold, that I'l bofrlOend his little girl, nald 'I want to got her home now aoe oon as poel-' ble. I shall worry myself until I know she's on her way to England." " Well, the mail goes out to-morrow," re plied O'Toole, who had in vain tried to stop Clennell; "shure she can't go then, but there's a batch of invalids going home in a hired transport the day after. Hunter's going in charge, and he'd take care of her." "Yes, that will do. Will you write a letter for me now ? " "Me dear fellow, for goodness sake give your mind a little rest ! You'll be bringing the farevor back again !" "Do write it for me, O'Toolo. I'll be quiet and easy after it." Doctor O'Toole saw it would be much better to get it off his mind, so he set to work and wrote a short letter from Olonnoll'e dictation. " And what's the address?" "Mrs. Ohichester, Liesing Towore, Hill andaleshire, England," replied Cloenoll. " There," said O'Toolo, sealing it up and putting it into his pocket, "I'll post it for you, and it will be off the first thing to morrow. Good-night 1" "Thank you. Good-night, O'Toolo. I feel quite easy now." The next morning after Clonnoll had lie tened to Jessio's rapturous deocription of her drive, he said, " Jeossi, would you like to go home to England ?" "0 no, sir ! " said the child, passionately. Her home was the regiment; although neither father nor mother were any longer in it. She kneow no other. Bouidoe, the young affootioun hind already bogun to cling round Olonunoll, and O'Toole, and Mrs. Cor nnr M?oronnnv. F" 'ancy, Joseio, though, how much nicer it would be in England, whore there are green fields and waving trees and brooks, and where you could go out and play in the day-time, instead of sitting indoors hero afraid to stir out for the sun." "0, please, sir! I'd much, oh! much sooner be here with you and Doctor O'Toole and Mrs. Ioronoey. 0! don't don't please send me away, sir I " And the child cried bitterly. " But you would have kind friends, Jessie. I've written to two ladies who'd be so kind and good to you, and whom you'd soon love so much. Would you like to see a picture of one of them ? " " Yes, sir." " Well, got me that case ? " Jessie brought a small photographic ease from the table. " There, Joessie " The child gazed for a long time. " And is this the lady I should go to, sir, if you was to send me away ? " "That's one of them. Don't you think her pretty ?" ' 0, yes, air ! " ' Well, she's as good and as kind as she's pretty, I'm sure. Would you mind so much if you knew you were always to be with that lady ? " "No, not so much now, sir." O5TrfIIc XVIII. Day sucooeded day at Purghatorroo in thbo same weary, monotonous groove of heat and sickness, but still Leonard Heletone lingered in the fever-stricken place as if it had boon a very paradise on earth. The oflficers whoso acquaintance he had made could not understand what possible attraction the spot could offer to a tourist; and that a person who had it in his power to leave should stay an hour in the detested hole was indeed inexplicable. The mattor, however, only strougthened them in the opinion that they had already formed of him -that he was " a queer, unaccountablo sort of beggar ;" and they continued their hos pitablo attontions to him partly on uacoount of his connection with one of their number, and partly on acoount of the rarity of ouch visits. A wook elapsed before he met Olennoll, and the night of the death-likro countonance and wasted form raised that wicked hope do all he could to keep it down--higher than ever iu Holetoune's breast. lHe doter mined, under existing circumstances, not to discloso the discovery which affooted Olon neoll so closely, but to bide his time. If Olonnoll died, well and good; if he regained his health and strength it would be time enough then. In either eaonse ho made up his mind to remain with him until fate had doe idoed it one way or the other ; and as the invalid was going home by the next mail, he dotormined to accompany him. Ulo did his beat in thisn hort time to in gratiate himself with Olonnoll, and as the latter was a generous warm- hoirtod sort of youngster, more inclined to like than dislike ilis follow croaturoo, the taoe, oven to a sour ill-tempered individual like Ilolstono, wan not a difficult onoe. It was with unfeigned ploeasureo, then, that Olonnoll hoard him an nonnuc his intention of going homo in the sume steamer. 'Yeao, I have just had nows from homo by this letter" (holding out a shoomaklor's bill for a small amount, which had boon for warded to him) " which makes it impioras tivoly nocoennary for nmo to return at once. It's provoking, as I had intended doing the far oast thoroughly before Iroturned. How over theoroe's ne set-off to the annoyance, and that in, I shaill bo able to accompany you, and I shall be happy to do anything I can for you on the voyage. I may be uouful in many little ways until you plck up your strength again." " Well, I'm n orry for your talco, no it's upoilt your trip, but I'm glad for mino, for whon a follow io uttorly lknookotl into a cooked hat as I am it mnlkoen t groat diffbr onot, and is a groat donl moro ploanant, knowing nomo one on board just at first; for I am as weak its tt kitton, and I than't bo bottor until I got it few hundrod mileo away from thin ourtodt plaoo." flow the dtays did drag, or oonmod to, to Olonnoll ? Every minuto wno counted. No wrotched littlo ouffod and tanod dunoo of it tchoolboy over longoed for tho holidt:yo, no slave over pinod for omanoipation, its hl did for that day on whioh ho wao to oholco thoe dtuot of )?Ptrghattorroo off hit foot, lonmo titon hitt hotort loapod for joy whon ho thought ho wato really going' to o t the doar old whiteo lill? again to 0loon; and nomo timont, whoen the fovor wan still hanging albout him, hI donptirod of ovor living to ontl tIho happy tiny when ho huould start for old Englandl. ]But the dAty dtl arrivo, and Oltotnoll nttt in an on any cano ohair on the poop of the atoaouor early In tho morning with l:[olntone, O'Toolo, and two or throo brother oilloora who had oomo to noo him off, ntanding round hli and uhatting. How moat of them, poor tellows, envied Clennell from the bottom of Iheir hearts! He certainly would not have ooked an object of envy to most people as he sat in his chair pale and prostrate and in a state of utter collapse. But he was home wtard bound!-words of thrilling import to poor exiles. "Now then ! who's for shore?" sung out a rough and rasping voice, as if it had struggled through a windpipe into which a few nails and a file or two had got by acci dent, " who's for shore ? " Horrid words those! Harsh signal that the agonising and dreaded moment has come when good-by must be said and the last final wrench of separation be given, amidst the escape of steam and tears and the ring ing of bells and the wringing of hands and hearts. "Good-by, Clen ! " "God bleoc you !" "Good-by-keep up your pocker, old boy! " resounded on all sides. " Good-by, O'Toole! I shall never forgot your kindnessou as long as I live,. God bless you for it, dear old docthor," said Clonnell, as he wrung O'Toolo's hand. The paddles went round, and Olennell, with the assistance of Helstone'o arm, crawled to the bulwarks and looked over the side with dimmed eyes at the regimental boat dancing on the gleaming waves astern. For a long time he watched it bathed in the early morning sun, whioh was peeping quite timidlyover the hillothat so jealously guarded the barrackso from. the breath of heaven asn if it were as harmless as it was boautiful, in stead of being the fierce monster he would prove himself in a few short hours, striking men down dead and brooding fever and pea tilonce with his fiery breath. " How strangely perverse human feelings are," said Olonnoll. " Hero have I been fretting and longing for this moment for months, and now that it has come I fool as if I should like to be going back with them in that boat to the wretcheod old place. I'll never seo some of them again. There's Frank Charters standing up in the bow, waving his handkerchief on the boat-hook ! Good-by, Frank, old boy! I wish to heaven, Holetone, the dear old corps were all on board this ship instead of being left there to rot! " Leonard Heoltone and Olennell shared the same cabin, and the former used to lie awake at nights watching his companion slooping the invalid was allowed a light in his cabin on the doctor's certificate-and thinking how strange it was that they should both be brought so closely together. At these times his evil genius and his good angel used to fight and struggle within him for the mastery. Sometimes the latter pro vailed; but, alas! more often the former drove his adversary off the field and hold it, and thou a host of bad thoughts took pos session of his heart and brain ; and he would think, as he looked at the bloodless lips and cheeks, how hard it would be if death, who seemed to be giving him a helping hand, should after all withdraw at the last mo mont. Then he would think that, when a life like that hung by so slender and rotten a thread, there might be many indirect and easy ways of making the thread still more rotten, until nothing could save it from snap ping. Anything like violence? No! He re coiled shudderingly from that. No-that would be downright murder. But gentle moans might be employed. For instance, if he were to open that port and the cabin door and allow the draught to play on that sleeping form as it lay bathed in the sweat of weaknessoo, there could not be very mush harm in that. Fool that he had boon ! Why, the very night before, Olonnoll had gone to sloop on dock in one of his fits of exhaus tion; and there, thinly clad, he might have slept for hours, his body drinking in disease at every pore with the deadly doew, if lie, blockhead, doltl had not awakened him and helped him down to his cabin. Means such no those at times flashed through Loonard Holatono's brain, and had he used them with success he would, doubt loss, have laid the flattering unction to his soul that he had not committed murder. Murder, though, it would have benn, in the sight of heaven, as foul and as wisked as if he had stabbed his victim to the heart with dagger, or blown his brains out with a pistol. . Thoen, ngain, wllon the good angol pro vnailod, arway wont thouno blaock thouighto, likl brito and foul thlingo beforo the light of hoavon, and ai .lood of uoft, gontlo foolings took thloir placo, driving nway for tho time ambition from Ilin hoert and uohomning from hia brain ; and thoro aroso, inatonad, pity and oompcooiou for the poor sutffror, broeathing hard and painfully, as if ho were otruiggling with tho Doetroying Angol for noch bronath. And thlon he would got up, and tondorly movod tho hodtl into a nior uomfortablo position, and roplaoo, lightly, the olothbo that had boon thrown off in that routloao, fovorod sloop. But, no we havo naid boforo, tho good angol dooidodly lind tho woret of it in hio contnto with thile bad ono; rind lwhon he did igain ai viotory hlie wi probablly so nourprioed thlit lih was unable to malko the moit of it, and follow it rip) ii lieo heould haIvo daone. Thero wvo no givinig in altogothor about him, though. Ha waie driveon off the flold often, but ho wno alwayo on tiho look-out for n soft moment, whlon to ronow lin oexortionn. At lirot, he had oulldrl in an ally in theo hapo of oonaoiouoo, but on tho othor hand, hin onomy brought rimbition up to tlhe front, and poor little oonttioilno got chollkd off at at vory onrly nitago of thie procoodingo by thin un noriupulouui giant. In happy ignoranoo of thin ono-aidod con tont Olonnoell wont on from day to day hoartily gratoful to Iolntono for tihe rnmoroun little norvioour ho wain cblo to ronder andt picking up, little by littlo, a few fragnmrent of hin nhattorold oonititutioni. But rifter loavinlg Adlon, tire fotrfl'ul houtt of thie 'Rod B?i throw him all banolk, annd wvan nearly trano forring him, inu a pinroonglor front thoe P'. rind 0\. bolrt to Chhrron'ni fruiy. Evon thoe trongeot mean wore proetrtoed thon, and ono ftornoon, whon theoy woro ntoluming with tho broozo and going aloeng at tbout the oumno rato, tho hoat wae no stifling and nulforntOting that it woL boyond Ihuma 1111 Ondra . il'onongeori and orow g?apod like lbihilo o(ttt of the water, and .th11o onginoor ofll(or oin dut(y atln)o up 1(nd roi i'ortod that twio ltive ltokrll hlad faiinted d0own in the tOlko-hole, (nlld tnlIt it wns il posibldo to ltay inl thl ongine room aly longer. When to thin wtn adtldlol tho roport of the alhip'n uirgoon thnt two of tho panlon gorn woro dylng-loInnoll wan otne.--and that ho oould not anowor fortholr liven four hours longor If tho foarful hooa oontlnuod, the order, "'bout ship !" was given, and the vessel was kept steaming slowly, head to wind, for six hours, and then resumed her course in the night. A few more days like this one, and Olon nell would have lain peacefully at the bot tom, his bones mingling with those of Pharaoh's warriors, and his head, perhaps, piliowed on one of their chariot wheels. But when things get to their worst they theii begin to amend. That day was the most trying, and after it they proceeded to Suez in comparative comfort. At Aolerandria, however, he was too ill td go on, and rooms were taken for him at the; hotel. " I fool I can't leave you like this, Olen.' noll," said Helstone, as he sat in the sick man's room, soon after he had been conveyed there from the boat. "I can't leave yout. ill and amongst strangers. I'll stay with you." "Never mind me," returned Oleonoell feebly. "I'm beginning to lose heart after.) all those relapsesoo. I don't much care what:; becomeso of me now. In my recovery, I'mt' something like that wretched old snail in al gebra, who was always climbing two feet up a pole and then slipping down three. No, don't stay on my account, Holetone. You'veB something important that calls you home.". " My mind's made up, and what's more,' has been made up, and I've ordered my lug. gage to be brought ashore, so there's no use i saying anything more about it," said Hel stone. " My dear Helstono, this is Irind, and it's a kindness I could not have expected from almost a total stranger." "You forgot, though;" said Helstone, " that although we are, ano you say, nearly total strangers, still we have a few drops of;ti blood in common, and blood is stronger than" water." "Alh, yes, true," replied Olonnoll. "I always forgot the relationship. The truth is, I know so little good had come to my.. family from the Oartorete, and so little was, likely to come, that I had almost for' gotten over my descent from them, until you.,l reminded mo of it." " There now, don't let us talk any more. You must be tired after your move in theo? heat of the sun, and I'll leave you to rest and quiet, and you may be certain, Olennell, I'll stick to you until you got better," said Hel stone. Clonnoll could only murmur. "You're a trump, leolatone," and think how human' nature was maligned. Why here was a fel-., low whoso motives could not but be disin terested, stioltking to him in his troubles and distress like a brother ! To do Leonard Heletone justice, his good' angel had something to do with his decision to stay with the invalid; but it was nearly it the last expiring effort. After that, he fought hopolossoly, and was soon over-,. powered whenever he came into the field. At Alexandria Leonard Hlelstono formed a plan, to be carried out if Olonnel lived. And whom does the reader think he fixed upon, as his aider and abetter in his designs? Why, the old companion and friend of his dreary youth, Pomp the dragoman. Ono day, when Olounnoll was so far re covered as to be thinking of proceeding on, his journey, Holetono, with his scheme in view, said to him "What do you think, Oleonoll, if instead of going home by the hackneyed old way of. Malta and Gibraltar, or Marseilles, we were to take the steamer to Corfu, and then go on . either to Brindisi, and through Italy, or to Trieste and through Vienna ? There would be lots of change of scenery for you, and it would be charming, compared with the monotony of the other route. What do you say ? " Olonnoll readily assented, and as soon as he had sufficiently recruited his strength they took a steamer to Corfu. As they neared the island, Holstone oug goatod that they should break the journey . and make a short stay there. " It's no lso, Olonnoll," ho said, "' now that you're beginning to pick up so well, running the chance of being thrown all back again, by knocking yourself up with travelling. A weook or so's rest will do you all the good in the world." Olonnoll was sundooidd. He pined for old England, its friends and its comforts, its sports and its roastt bof ! and hoe wihod to got thore no uoon an poneiblo. But the sight of the dark olive groves, as the vooeol tetamod olons along the coast of the lovely island, dinpellod for the timo those sweet vinions of hunting and roast beef, and made him long to throw his nun-dried and foever parchod body under their delioiously cool hladen. Everything that m.ot his gazo, as ho looked on that fair land--loafy glades of myrtle and orango, grnpo-vines loaded with lusoious fruit, running stroam;, and peaceful- looking cottagns, all seemed to invite the weary way farer to cotmo and rest, and ho felt that there was no much chance of his refusing the invi tation as thorn would be of a, travollor in the doesert, choked with the sand, declining a proffered cup of cold water. They wore loch plaes aon ho hail wandered through in hi dielirium, when it lhnd, lnowv and than, choaon to visit him in a pleasant form. But nowo it wan joyous reality, and thoro would bo no bitter awakening to pain and fever, jut asn ho was going to throw hirmlnolf on a nmonny banlr, or takl a plunge into the cool depthn of nomn olcor pool. The soft land;cape, a;; it wore, booheonod to him, and in his " vary faeoo did smile; " and there was no rosi;tting it. Its beution beclame more and more faosinating and alluring, as they were thrown out againast tlhat darl brack- ground--tho rooollostioas of Plurgha torroo. "I wouldn't mies staying hero for a few days for anything, now that I have eoon the plnon," snitd Olonnoll ; " and if tho suggoestion haidn't already como from you, 1 shbould have mIndo it mylnolf." So they stayed in the lovely ioland, and the fir t utop in Loonard Hointouo'n plann was mrods. A patron of a certain nownpnpor onet asaid to thi plblinher-." Mr. _Prinfor, how is it youe hav; ulovor called on ine for pay for your lpalr?" "01" chid the liua i of typos, \we1 neVer tl n i Rnolat]Oman for moony," "liadon:1," rolplid thIe putron; "liow do y3'ou ln lltl;lag to got ilouig whten; thiny don't pay '' " Whly," (inih the editor, "i alter i cortain thino we ionuilllin thuat he is Imont a goitloman, and w ve nlk hiiil." " 0 --alt 1 ye u;--I soolI Mr. Editor, pliano give tmr. a recelpt," and he liande hits thoelanhl, I'AMnkto my nnmeno all right on your book,." 