THE SKETCHER. VOLUNTEERS AND VOLUN TEERING. BY RICCIOTTC G IBIBALDI. No. III. A few days ago I was chatting with a well known and highly respected medical gentle* man of this town, and we were compiling tioteB about the different deaths we had been present at He, with an experience of conrse much wider than mine, remarked how small a percentage of the persona he had seen die tronbled themselves about anything at the last moment, and certainly very seldom about their future state My experience coincides with his, as generally the predom inating idea of the day, as it were, is the one that finds expression at the last moment I shall never forget a poor peasant bay, who in his first battle was shot tbrough the body. Being made fnlly aware that be had only a few hours to live, he asked "Ma muoio per la patria, non e vero t-But I die for my country, do I not ?" and when he received an affirmative answer seemed fully consoled by it, for he scarcely spoke afterwards. Of course with us Italians patriotism has gene rally been the leading motive, and I could recall numberless examples of men breathing their last with such expressions as Viva I'ltalia or Vive la, France on their lips. Sometimes a merely temporary anxiety pre occupies them, as in the case of a friend of mine who was shot by my side. We had to ctobs a wide road enfiladed by the enemy, and Btarted together. When within a few ;ardB of the other Bide, I saw him suddenly fall on his face. I guetsed at once what this meant I turned as Boon as I could and saw him raising himself on' his hands, and heard him say in a low voice, "lomuoio, Iomuoio! -I die, I die!" As soon as he saw I was coming, he said, with an expression I shall never lorget, "Quick, I have some papers of the general's in my breast, take them!" As he said this he fell again 011 his face before I could catch him, and as I turned him over, the half-cloBed eye and dropping jaw told me that he was dead. The bullet had entered under one armpit and come out under the other. On another occasion I was called by an urgent message to the Bide of a volunteer who had been shot in the lungs, and who had something of importance to communicate to me. I started at once, bnt when I arrived he could no longer speak They had raised him up to prevent suffocation, but aB I watched the look of agonised desire to communicate something in his eyes-the cold perspiration rolling down his face, and (he terrible effort, every moment growing weaker, he made to breathe-I could Bee that whatever he might have had to say I should never hear, while his face will certainly remain impressed on my memory to my last day. Some dreadful things sometimes happen in warfare, that move even the most callonB and most experienced. Sach an incident took place at the battle of Bezzecca. On account of the broken and bash-covered nature of the ground, the search for the wounded had been prolonged much beyond the UBualtime. On the fourth day after the battle one of the search parties came upon the body of a man which had an open note-book in its hand. On one page of it he had written. " I have waited two dayp, andnowldie. Addio!" Fancy the poor fellow lying there dying of hunger and his wounds, hoping every minute that help would come, and when at last he wrote that sentence certain that when help came it would be too late! This created a great impression among our men, more so tban the loss of hundreds of their comrades. Wben perhaps some early morning you have passed over a green field with every blade glittering in the rising snn, and have inhaled fresh life with the balmy atmosphere; wben, later in tbe day. jou have found your, eelf in tbe same field inhaling the name at mosphere, no longer fresh, but smoke-laden, with jour ears filled by the whizzing of the deadly missiles and tbe groans of stricken men, the sullen rage of a fierce conflict at your heart scarcely allowing you to note the hellish work going on around you; and when still later in the day you pass again over the same field to see it all trampled down and fur rowed by shells, with groups of dead bodies here and there, with solitary ones in between, each lying in its crimson pool,, bloody trails on tbe grass where some poor wretch has dragged himself to shelter, perhaps dying on the way, or carried to the rear by his com rades, dropping his life out drop by drop as they went, it ia then you can understand v hat a cuised thing war is. It has often been remarked among us that bravery is oftener met with among two ?classes of soldiers, either in the newly-joined ?and young recruit, or in the old volunteer who counts his battles by the dozen. The first dieplayp, courage I suppose, on the principle tbat tbe child does not fear the fire till it has burnt its fingers, the second because he has so often escaped that be has become indif ferent to the danger. I remember a lad of Borne fourteen years of age, who volunteered ia go end light the faggots that bad been ipiled tip EgamBt one of the gates of Monte Hotondo. It was getting duek, and he arrived without .seemingly arousing the at tention of tbe enemy, but when he began to strike his matches, and having lit some ipaper with which he had been provided pro ceeded to make a blaze, the firing from the walls and bastions became fast and furious, though we did all we could to divert this by keeping npa steady fire from our lines. After ?he bad satisfied himself that it had well taken, we saw him turn round and wave his .cap. Above tbe din we just beard his shrill j -voice as he cried " Viva I'ltalia! "and then ' >be suddenly disappeared. However, he re joined ns a few minutes later, by a miracle Bate and sound, to become tbe pet of the army for a week after. A yonng gentleman named Fatsari, who was not more tban 18 years of age, and son of a great landed proprietor, had raised a company amongthedfpendents of his family and joined ns. He happened to be with a eolnmn tbat occupied a village, the name of which I forget, in 1867, wben it was surprised by the enemy, who before a stand could be made had nearly taken possession of the place. He was ordered to charge up a street.that was being rapidly occupied by the enemy, bat finding that his men refused to follow him, he put bis bone to a crater and charged alone. The fenemy perhaps not understanding the fact of a solitary horse man coming against tfcem, ceased firing and «vio opened tbeir tanks and allowed him to ?enter into tbefr midst* He then stopped his bone laid palling out bis revolver rapidly dls cLarstd ita six SnDts Into tbtf compact mass of «nen round him, liken flung the empty weapoto into the faoe of the nearest officer. Of ooarse he was at once pounced upon, his fcoraiywasaimost instantaneously killed, he fortni/ately remained on Ms feet, but defend log himieIf with hi* ,aJror4, against the bayonet tbjustjl aimed at,him, It broke abort at the handl*. Tbe officers fortunately suc ceeded in saving him from the fury of their .afca, fat when we retook bimsome hoars lattt bis akin was aaid to have been broken in 26 different places; however, he afterwards recovered. .... I cannot fail to record a splendid if mis taken act of moral coursge, that took place a tihort time before we took the field against, the Austriana in the Tyrol. Mn passant, I must remark that oar regiments, though so called, as we were actiog with the regular troops, really were brigades, being each be tween three and four thousand strong. To the command of one of these, an old volanteer officer, Colonel Specchi by name, had been ap pointed. This gentlemau was au old friend of oars; in his younger days he had been a leading star in ttie musical world, and all old play-goers on the continent remem ber the famons C&BBO; Spech. However, having a penchant for warfare and being a man of strong liberal opinions-be had served with distinction in (he old Carlist cam paigns in Spain early in this cental? and having never missed taking part in all our wars of independence-he had become one of oar most trusted officers. Oa the morning before the day on which his regiment was to leave the dejot where it had been organ* ieed to take the field, his servant, going into his room, found him sitting in his chair with a pistol-shut through his brain. A sealed letter addreeeed to my father lay on the table before him, end these were its contents as well as I can remember:-"My dear General, I find that my failing health will not allow me to support the fatigue of the command yon have entrusted to me, bat as I do not wish it to .be said that on the eve of taking the field I withdrew from the force, I have decided on putting an end to my life lest some day some one might taunt me with having done so,"&c.; I will finish this paper with an authentic ghost story, as it has something to do with volunteers. Daring the campaign of 1866, my sister remaining alone at home, invited a young lady friend, whose two brothers were serving with as, to stay with her. One evening Miss B--, having occasion to go to her room to fetch a book she remembered having left there during the day, and about the contentsof which thetwoladies had been chat* ting, went into a long gallery communicating with the part of the house in which her room was. She had not been gone a minute when the household was roueed by hearing a piercing Bhriek. Everybody mshed to the gallery and there found Miss B stretched on the floor in an insensible condition. When she had recovered and was able to speak, she stated that, proceeding rapidly down the gallery, thinking of the book, she suddenly found herself face to face with her younger brother, dressed in bis regimentals and leaning on his rifle, which she remarked had its bayonet fixed. AB she knew he could not be there in the flesh, she fainted. Next morning a telegram was sent to us in camp, and thoueh a reassuring answer was for obvious reasons sent back, she learnt some weeks later the truth that her brother had been killed on that day in an engagement above Storo. 