LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Jfb tho Editor of the Dolby Herald Sir,—' This evening I return to tho insidious changeling, Rev. Robert Mahalm, against whose calumnious effusions . 1 will still caution tbe lover of truth, which ia " a flower divine wliero'er it grows." Enough perhaps, and mora than enough, has been already written to convince tho most bigoted that the Rev. Mr. Mahalm ia no friend to truth, nor to genuine. religion,. and_thj.mth propriety he .might be assimilated to a far-famed" pillar" in" the neighbor hood of London bridge, which , . . " i , pointing to the skiea, ' Like a Ull bully- lifts its head andjiei., Without further preamble, I come again to the scratch, and I would wish to follow filbakespyar's advice— 11 Hal, let eve 17 thrust be direct, so that he biuuelf may oonfeaa U to be a hit, a palpable hit 1" Now then, Mr. -Mahalm, "Thero ia an instinct in human nature that leads «»,' &C.; . How many loyal bretbrao, Bev. Sir, are fraternally united with you ia the word "us" P If some prudent ' brothor had restrained yom from publishing your last gross and ungentlemasly effiision, and -recommonded you to have followed Chesterfield's advice—" burn one leaand blot out the other," it would be nearer tho . : truth, and yon would not justly be compared to those teeehere described by 8t. Paul to Timothy — , " From which some going astray are turned aside unto vain babbling & Desiring to be teachers of the: law, understanding neither the things they say, nor whereof they affirm."— lat-Tim , 1st c.,-6 and 7 v. — THyReVerettdopponaot-begin»-hfB-last-lettor— with, a loag paragraph on animal instinot, sympathy with the oppressed, purposes and motives, knowlodge and intelligence — softicA mo dombt ia strictly to thb point at issue (in the .words of Evangelical Standard) according to acknowledged modes of reasoning." Will the Rev. Mr. Mahalm inform the public what purpose he had in view when he passed by all. the fanatical sects of tho day in order to accuso Catholics of idolatry P- What was his motive in recently lecturing on Jimbonr against the employ- of Catholics? Cbald bi» motives be aa charitable as the purpose of my reply ? In my last letter 1 referred my Bev. opponent to hie own Church Catechism for a proof of the Real Presence of Christ in tbe Ruobarist, and 1 wrote 41 it expresses the real, and substantial presence of Christ in tho Etmharist aa fully as any of our Catholic Catechisms." Bat my Evangelical opponent rays this " ia a false- and willful misrepresentation of dear and easily distinguished declarations ?" and 11 he maintains the utmost coolness threaghoak.' He says "my object is noTcontrovsrsy forka-own aake,- but the elucidation of truth," Ac. Question (Church of England Catechism) : 41 What ia the inward pert or thing signified?" Answer r " The Body and. Blood of Christ, whioh are verily and indeed taken andTeceivedbythe-faithful-io- thaLoHi!aaupper. If verify and indeed be not really and tenfyi then I am guilty of misrepresentation. I did not attempt to reooncile the Catechism with the other portions of the Book of Common Prayer. I know the history of the complicated changes and unsatisfactory modi fications or that book equally ' as well as tbe Bev. H.- Mahalm, and I candidly admit, on comparing the xxiii. Art, the Bnbrio at the end j>f the Communion . Service, and the words of the Catechism, that it will require no Hltle hermsnutio mechanism to make tbe " tyaibolicat'representation of the body and blood of Christ," and'-that eating by. faith equipollent vfith a real preseheo ! 44 This, aaya Dr. MUner (End of Con., p. 360) u is like the language of a debtor') a creditor: I lioreby verily ana indeed pay von; the money I owe you,' but I have not verily and indeed the money with whioh to pay you 1" Dryden said, correctly— " Then real, as you now the wt>rd expound, ' From solid substance dwindles to a sound j Methinks an Esop'a fable you repeat, You know who took the shadow for the meat." My rev. opponent acted unwisely in inviting a member of the Catholic Church, no matter how humble, or in the words of St. Paul, how rude his speech might be, to join issue with him on any point of faith ; and what has the Catholic to gain in such a contest when Burke, one of the greatest geniuses that ever lived, has left on record the following de finition of Protestantism : — 44 Protestantism, as things stand, is no description of a religion at all, or of any principle, religious, morat, or political, but a mere negation." I asked my 8criptural opponent the use of consecration in his Curch, . but Jie has declined to answer me. If it atill remains bread and wine after consecration, what ia ths use of consecration t and what ia the use or meaning of verify and indeed in his Catechism if it be not really and truly 7 In paragraph No. 3 my polemical adversary aeerms to write like one.who is 44 tossed about by every wind of doctrine." He admits that there is a real presence of Christ in tho Eucharist, and though St. Paul rays, "he tbat-eatoth or drinketh unworthily eatetb and drinketh judgment to himself not discerning the body of tbe Lord," Mr. Mnhalm says there is no real presence of Chrisfc in the Eucharist to tbe unworthy receiver, or words to that effect. Then he says, " bis Church absolutely denies that the two — the sign and the thing signified— are inseparably con- necfdi" and he quotes St. Augustine in suppQi.of the absence of Christ in the Eucharist to the un worthy receiver. But I challenge the Rev. Mr. Mahalm to prove from tbe writings of the illustrious Bishop of Hippo that he did not hold Tr⊄'tan- tietion as an artiole of faith. 41 Christ permits E|>. -16 c.,-r. 8).even Judas to reeeive, among the inno cent disciples, Him whom the faithful know paid the prico of oar redemption." Explain also what he writes (Srrm. xi., de Verb., Dom., c. 11), "Those who, as tbe apostle says, eat and drink damnotfon still eat the body ol Christ and drink His blood." Who will ponder oven these two passages and then contond that St. Augustine believed -not the real presence and Trausubstantiation P ' As for the " 4'fin jmd the thing signified," ;I shall conclude this letter by a 'Tow general4 obfopration,; wbifeh Catholics are wont to present "jo 'theli1 oppo nents, by whom the Fathers are too ofton mis interpreted, and their mooning by a thousand stratagems obscured i and thus idolatries are hatched by the Mabalms and Gordons of the day. As the body and blood of Christ are in the Eucharist in an invisible manner, and ns the bread and wine, even' ufter the change wrought in' their substance, remain's the same as to oultoara qualities ; the latter are often styled the typos, symbols, figures or signsof the body and blood of Christ, whioh, as under a veil, are present -under-ihem.:i_Henoe it.dpes jiqtJbllow_that. a Father, regrets the Real Presenoe and Tranaubstantiation',' if in speaking of the Euoharist lie occasionally uses tbe terms signs, symbols, type, figure, Ac.— particularly since a figure may oontain the objects of whioh it is 'a figure, and a visible image tbat whioh it represents. Thus tho Holy Ghost, under the form of a dove, descended on Christ, and angels of old under the veil of a visible body appeared to the Petriarehx- And sound criticism would direct to judge of obscure or ambiguous passages in a Father by those in the tamo Fi'.Uier that arc undoubtedly clear and explicit. It is also rational to suppose, that some Fathers were not so careful in using wih metaphysical correctness such terms as nalttrs or substance, before the dogma of the Real Presence was oppugned, and when tuere was uo danger of their meaning being mistaken, these writer have been sinoc errors aguinst tbat dootrinal point hare' been broached.- — i — Mr. Mahalm says I could not hare, lmd Taylor's " Liberty of Prophesying" befoife me, becuuse 1 made a clerical error in transcribing the number of a section of the work. In reference to the.eubstancd of my quotations, I acknowledge Mr. Taylor .to be a fair adversary, and a man of. sense.) but in other, portions of Ins work, I know well he wus as sensoloss »s Mr. Muhnlm. Tho words of St. Judc are verified in the person of ' Mr. Mahalm, as shown in the latter part of Ma letter. " Raging waves of tho sea foaming out their own con fusion wandering stars ; to whom tbe storms of dark ness is reserved tor ever."— Jude 1st o., 18 v. I shall finish this reply in ray next, and clearly Srove to my separated brethren, tbat I and my fellow atholics are not idolatore in our adoration of tho Eucharist, or our belief in Trmisubstantiation. But I hove travelled quite far enougtPllfis week, a'ndmay" aay with friend Mars, Clan lite yam vivos pueri sat FRANCIS MKEON, Mnnnlngford, October 18th, 1876. This corrcepondonco must end here.— Bd. D.H,\ 