THE MYSTERIES OP CRIME; OB, The Experiences oe an Edinburgh Detective.—No, XIII. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] r A NIGHT IN A BAKEHOUSE. " Last mglit a bag of flour—a whole bag —was stolen from my bakehouse. It must have been done by some one acquainted with the place, for not a door or window ap peared to hay© been tampered with." The speaker was a wizened, little old man named Skinflint, a master baker in the High-street, who had just made his com plaint, and been handed over to me to give the particulars. He stood before me looking "concerned and excited enough, demanding my assist ance, and in the same breath making any thing but flattering remarks as to the efficiency of the police in general. I had neither time to waste, nor the in clination to waste it, so I stopped him. "Do you suspect any one—any of your men, for instance ?" "That's just it," he quickly returned. " The robbery must have been committed by some of the men." " Why must ?" I dryly enquired. "Because this is not the first theft that I have detected, and a strange circumstance accompanied each. Two nights ago a box of raisins was taken away, and the night before that a basket of eggs, and the strange thing was that each time the thief had deliberately gone to work and set the sponge for the afternoon bread. Nothing was omitted or bungled—the work was done neatly and tidily, and the place left as if nothing had occurred." "Strange. How do you account for that?" \- "I cannot account for it at all. The'men one and all denied stoutly any knowledge of the thing, and threatened to leave on the instant if I did not retract the charge. I had to do it, too, curse them! for at this season I find it almost impossible to get good hands. But last night a whole bag of flour went at a whip; it is too much. I shall be ruined! I shall be ruined!" " Who locks up the place at night ?" "I do." " And who opens it in the morning p" ^Sometimes myself, but generally my " Then you think that the robberies have been committed between the time when the place was locked at night by yourself and opened in the morning by your son p" "Certainly." "I would like to have a look at the place. How do you think the thieves got m ?" 53 " By the door, with false keys." " Are there no other likely means of ad mittance?" "None—at least none that any one would think of." " Can I see the place now ?" " You could, but the men would take offence at once. They would know you were a detective, and what you were pry ing about for. Journeymen bakers, curse them, are the most flighty and independent wretches on the face of the earth. Just say a cross word to them, and they will put on their caps and walk out of the shop I cannot afford that just now." ." Well) it will do after they are gone at inglit; better, too, for it will be dark. When do you shut it up ?" "About seven." "That will do. "Wait for me then. We can do no more just now," and I bowed slightly, to intimate that the interview was at an end, and he took the hint and left. After he was gone, I foimd mvself uncon sciously -giving the matter a good deal of thought. The stealing of the flour and other things did not puzzle me much, consi dering the hard and gripping character of the master, but that the thief should coolly set to work, and leave behind him some thing which said plainly, "The thief is a baker, and an expert one,'? was-.a circum stance to which I could find no parallel in | the whole range of my experienced Even McSweeny, when I referred the matter to him, admitted that it was " mighty queer," but added—"Jist wait till the mornin', an we 11 be thick-headed ouhmadouns if we don't see through it then. When a thafe. could slip in through the key-hole, and get back again wid a sack of flour in his pocket, an'no one the wiser, he'll not be slow to try it again. If he tries to P*ght, we'll be. there to help him to carry it," and one of his expressive winks con veyed the rest. "But the work—the setting of the sponge?" . " Och, we'll help him at that, too. Bedad, its myself that won't be idle while he's thumpin' at the dough;" and he-fondled lovingly with a pair of handcuffs. , "I don't mean that; but why should he doit?" . - " To aize his mind. Sure, one good turn deserves another. If he doesn't think so, • we'll taclie him." McSweeny was never-without an answer —good, bad, or indifferent—so I let the matter drop. But there was more to cdme yet. . Abouy half-past five in the afternoon a man—evidently a journeyman baker, and o+e+i rvaf made his appearance at tiie Office, and cautiously asked to see a -detective. He was handed over to me; and what was my surprise when he in iormed me that he worked with a Mr. Skin flint, in the High Street, and then-went oyer the details of the missing property, the singular habits of the thief, .and the ra°"e of himself and his fellow workmen at iTein" suspected; and finally asked us to take the matter m.hand and sift it out, without let tiny SJanjhnt himself know anything about it. Here was a queer position in the affair. First the master comes, secretly and without the knowledge of the workmen, and places the matter in our hands, and then the workmen, in like manner and un known to the master, send and ask us to ferret out the eccentric thief. What was behind it all ? I thought I would try to discover. The appearance of the man before me was singular, but it took me some time and curious study of his face to find out where the singularity lay. Then I found that it'WBs in his eyes. At one moment I thought them dull and stupid, and then in a moment they looked bright and flashy giving him a sort of "raised?' look. But he was sane enough—as I found out on questioning him—and quite as excited . and indignant aa liia m^ter liad Ifeen in the morning. Of course, that Skinflint had heen there at all was a fact that for several reasons I kept carefully in the hack ground. "Now, quietly, between ourselves," I said, soundmgly, after I had talked with him a little, "who do you think is the thief?" The answer came at once, and without the slightest hesitation— <i Old Slrfnflinfc liimsfilf." ' Old Skinflint himself.1 He was wrong—I thought it—knew it— but I would make sure. " Was Skinflint ever a baker ?—I mean, has he ever ' boxed' the trade himself ?" "No, he knows nothing about the work —never did—and.that's why he's a tyrant." " Does he not know enough -about it to be able to ' set a sponge' ?" , • " Not he," and the. man smiled right out at the idea. "Why,.to do that well, or to know how to heat an oven, is what proves a baker. It is the grand test "of his skill.. He knows no more about it than the cat— not so much, for he doesn't see it so often." " Then, if he is the thief, how is it that the sponge is always set for the afternoon's bread?" The man looked puzzled—a little stag gered—and scratched his head in vain. "Ah, that's it. That's a funny thing,". he said; but, though he himself had men tioned the fact, he appeared quite helpless at a solution. I had now prepared the way for some thing, and that something I now proceeded to bring forward. . " The son—what sort of character does lie bear ?" I asked. "Ah, he's one of the right sort," was the ready answer. "I like him—as unlike his father as day's from night—a regular rollicking, good-hearted, generous rascal." "Do you think he could set a sponge at a pinch ?" " No—eh, well, I never thought of that." His eyes had opened widely—he was evidently seeing the thing in a new light. "Never thought of what?—him being the thief ?" "Ay, just so." . " Well, and what do you think now ?" "Well, I don't know; he might do it. But, no, he could never set a spunge like that. In fact," and the man blushed slightly as he said it, "in fact, there's no' one about the place could do it so well ex cept myself." "You envy the thief, then?" I said, laughingly, for I thought there was a spice of jealousy in his tone and look. "N—no—not exactly; but I would like to know who he is." "Who generally sets this particular snonee ?" "Well, to tell you the truth, we've had a good many wdlds about that. I have no right to do it—nor the time either, con sidering the work I have to get through of a mormng—hut for some time it has been palmed upon me, and I have had to slave through it—till this thief took it hand.". ; " Then you're obliged to his Thiefship ?" '• Yes, in away, if he didn't take anything with him. A sack of flour is a good deal for half an hour's work." " Could you tell, from the time at which it was ready, when it had been set ?" " Oh, easily—to within a quarter of an hour," and he counted back on his fingers! " It must have been set between one and two o'clock. Of course it was ready too soon for us, from being set so early, but we managed to dodge that." " How do you think the thief got in?" " Well, I don't know. But I have often thought of a way by which I could get in if the key went amissing." " Ah!—how ?" "The flour room is at the back of the bakehouse. You have to go up a stair to it, so you will know that it is a little separate building run out from the back of the land, and having a roof of its own. Two windows in the roof are supposed to light the inside, but they are often blocked up with bags of flour; for Skinflint always buys in a lot when it is cheap. One of the windows, though, is at present clear, and as it has a moveable pane, with a wire catch which could be opened as easily from the outside as the in, nothing could be easier than to get down the close into the yard behind, climb, up by. some of the empty barrels on to the roof, get in your hand by the moveable pane; unfasten the lower lialf of the window, and jump in." "But the getting out again ?" " Oh, that would be quite as easy—easier, iufact." "But could a sack of flour be taken through the aperture ?" "No—not in a lump." I thought for a minute, and then said— " This son of Skinflint's—you said he was generous, while by your own account his father is almost a miser for stinginess— where, then, does he get the money to be generous with ?" " Well, I don't know that he has much money—only, it's his nature. He'd give the very coat off his back, if he thought you were cold and needed it. Any one with a plausible tale could get round him easily. But I've heard him say that, if he wanted anything,, and his father held back, he wouldn't trouble to ask it again, but just take it." "Ah!—indeed ?" I thought I was be ginning to get at something now. "Yes. I would laugh if it turned out that he had taken the flour and things—or given them away, or something. It would serve the old beggar right. I wouldn't care what he said about us "then—not though Harry took away a.sack every night." Now that the thing had been placed in our hands, I coiild not see very well where the laugh would come in. Robbery at any time is a serious matter, but it becomes doubly serious when a father suddenly awakens to find himself forced to prosecute his own son, and trebly serious when that son has nothing really criminal in his na ture, but is, on the contrary, " one of the right sort," brimming over with generosity and good feeling. If things went on in this way, I began to fear that I would soon find myself engaged in a nasty job. "How does this young man's generosity generally show itself ?" I gravely pursued —" in giving things away ?" . " Yes—oh, in lots of ways." "Have you noticed him 'generous' to any one in" particular ?" "Yes—to his uncle, Skinflint's brother; but then he's a poor man, and has been long ill, and is struggling hard to keep a very large family.; I've seen Harry take out Ids purse and shove it bodily into his hand. I've seen him smuggle! six loaves "out of a batch and carry them down to the uncle's shop himself." • " You say {smuggle".' Am I 'to under stand that the loaves were stolen P" The man opened his eyes and stared. The idea" seemed new to him. "Imean, did Skinflint know of it?" I pursued. , "Not he. He'd see' them drop dead at his feet before he'd part with a farthing to save them; -and yet he owes all he has to them; for the shop and business were all theirs once. He wormed them out of it somehow, and luck has gone against them ever since." r r v. "Where is this uncle's plaCe ?" "In the Cowgate. It's a little shop, a kind of provision store, with the house at the back; but he doesn't seem to get on well, for there's precious little, in it." "I suppose he sells all sorts of things flour, and eggs, and: raisins, for instance— anything to turn an honest penny ?" "Just so; all these sort of things." I mentally resolved that.if nothing turned up I would pay a visit to-this little; pro vision shop next morning, and have a look at the stock of flour, invoices for thesamg, &c.; Yet I mnst say that I sincerely hoped I would find myself on the wrong track. The circumstances of the case were peculiar; and my sympathies were, now strongly in favor of the suspected parties,. even though they should be guilty. Some spell thought ran through my mind; but I pursued the inquiry no further. I took down the man's name—JohnHastie— bade him good night, promising to do all in my power for him and his mates, and shortly after, in company with McSweeny, took a walk down to Mr. Skinflint's bake house. We found him waiting for us, and amusing himself in the meantime by killing " clocks," or cockroaches, which, he patheti cally lamented to us, "ate up half of the profits of his establishment." He showed us over the place, flour bouse and all; and then, after drawing out of him a few more ' facts respecting his brother, we arranged to return at ten o'clock and allow ourselves to be locked up in the place for the night. I may here say that had it been an ordi nary case of theft or robbery, especially with such a man for the complainer, I would not have taken so much pains with it. But now my curiosity was strongly ex cited, and I had resolved to watch not one night only, but two, three, or a dozen if necessary. I had noted many an instance • of burglars or thieves doing work after. plying their vocation, but it was generally a work that benefitted themselves, such as consuming champagne, cigars, roast fowl, &c.;, when they found them handy; but here was a case quite the reverse. The thief, by working, not only gained nothing, and endangered his own safety for the time,, hut left a clue to his identity as well. After arranging our plans, McSweeny and I got to the place at 10 o'clock, and were received by Skinflint, whose consent to one little item we now proceeded to ask. Pointing to a solitary hag of flour in one comer of the flour-house, to' which we had invited the proprietor, McSweeny sound ingly began— " Isn't that the sister of the one that was stolen ?" • " Yes—it is the only one of the lot left— the finest American flour; by far the most valuable in the place." " D'ye think, now," and McSweeny put on his softest wheedle'—" d'ye think, now, ye could take out as much flour as would let in my own swate self." Skinflint started and stared. " What do you meaii to do ?" he angrily demanded.. " Only to make myself ' the most valu able in the place.' Sure, I won't he the first American flour that's come from Bel fast county." ' " I can't allow it; it woitld spoil the flour." "Divil a hit. Ye can hake it up into chape loaves for the poor; it'll look mighty charitable, an' at the same time he a great benefit to yourself. Men of genius like you always kill two birds with the one stone," and MeSweeny's look of great sim plicity and reverence completely- deceived the man before him. Skinflint still demurred. r "Sure it's meself that runs the most risk," pursued McSweeny. " P'raps the vagabones fill steal me an' bake me up into bread, then I'll find me head stickin' out of a loaf, burnt black like a wanderin' cur rant." Still it took some talking from us both . to convince Skinflint. It was a little amus ing to watch the struggle between his ava rice and his eager desire to capture the rob bers ; but at last he consented. The mouth of the sack was undone, and about a third of the flour scooped out and stowed away in a bin. Then McSweeny stood up on an empty cask, and worked his feet down in the flour till he reached the bottom, a draw ing-string having first been run into the mouth of the sack and the ends placed in his hands, so that at any moment he could duck down his head into the flour, pull the string, and look to all appearance like an innocent bag of flour. " Bedad! it's soft, anyhow. Aitchoo! a—a—tchoo!" he sneezed ; " it's as goed as an ounce of snuff; but it'll take a mighty lot of brushin' to make me presintable at the muster call in the mornin'." ; I arranged to hide in an empty flour cask close at hand, with an empty sack to draw over as a cover; and then Skinflint put out the lights and retired, locking us securely in. It was a clear, frosty night, and by-and-by the bright moonlight stole in at the window of the flour-house, giving the long row of flour bags rather a ghostly appearance. It was lonesome, but quite comfortable and warm, owing to the heat of the bakehouse and oven below. "I begin to think it's hell !" whispered McSweeny, " an' them's the white ghosts of the twelve pirates I read about once that got hanged. I could fancy I see their heads noddin' at me. The divil! what's that ? Something crawlin' over my face; it gave me a nip in the ear. Begorra, it can bite. It's nibblin'at me neck now—no, .that's not it—it's another. There's a lot of them. Down, ye divils! They're comin' on pie in whole regiments. Bedad! this beats the bugs. They—oh, ss—s—s! they think I'm flour, an' they're atin' me!" "They're only cockroaches," I said; " keep still and they won't hurt you, and for any. sake don't speak so loud;" _" That's aizy said; if you only felt them nippin'. Who'd have thought there was such a lot of- them ? I wonder where they were all hidin' afore the light went out ?" "Fool!" " Yes, I am; but it's not with atin'. The atin's all on the other aide. But I've got as much as I want. Two hours' nibbun' should satisfy any man. Bad luck to them, I didn't know it was them that were tickling me. Why doesn't owld Skinflint keep his bakehouse clane. It isn't safe. He'll be makin' currant bread when he doesn't want to." '•Be quiet, can't you! They're in all bakehouses." r." That's comfortirf." "Hush! I hear a noise at the back. There's some one among the empty barrels in the yard. Do you hear P They're get ting up on the roof. Hush!" and I crouched down in the cask and drew forward the sack, leaving only a slight opening through which I could watch the window above me. . . There wus a clambering sound along the slates towards the window, and then a man's face came slowly into view. It was clearly distinguishable in the moonlight, and I uttered a startled cry as I recognised John Hastie, the journeyman baker. "You' told me to be quiet,"' growled McSweeny > from inside the flour; bag, into which he had ducked and drawn the string, "but ifs yourself that's doin the talkin' now. What's up ?" " A man. and he's coming down." \- The moveable pane in the window was opened from without and the man's head thrust in, and then the fastening was un done and the window let back. Then, very coolly and methodically, the man dropped down before us, taking not the slightest notice of McSweeny's floury head ana face and gaping mouth, which had popped out of the Dag close to his elbow. =-■ ' In the occasional glimpses I got of the intruder's face I thought it looked a trifle paler than" when I had seen it up at the Office in the afternoon, but I was scarcely prepared for the discovery that followed. He walked forward without any of the shirking hesitancy of guilt, straight to the gas bracket, struck a match and lighted it. Not a moment too soon, as he thought, McSweeny popped in his head and drew the string of the hag. But he might have saved himself the trouble. — A peculiarity about the man's eyes—a strange glassy fixedness—caught my eye, and at once the truth flashed upon me. The man was fast asleep! I communicated the discovery in a whisper to McSweeny, but he shrank and shrank, with his eyes fixed in a sort of awe upon the somnambulist, till his head had nearly vanished into the bag again. "Sure, he's more like a dead ghost walk in'," he whispered, in return, with a slight . chatter in his teeth. " I don't like the look of him at all. Luk at him now. What the divil's he goin' to do with the flour ?" The man had stripped off coat and waist coat and turned up nis sleeves, and was ap proaching the head of the bakehouse stair bearing in his hand a large scoop full of flour, when an idea seemed to strike him, and he turned back. McSweeny, fearing; he was coming to his bag, made an excited spring out of it; but he had nothing to fear —the man only lowered the gas, aud then descended to the bakehouse, with us follow ing on tiptoe at his heels. Then we were- witnesses to a strange scene. Hastie very deliberately lit the gas, walked straight to one of the dough bins, and mixed the flour he carried with a quan tity already there. Then he took a pan of hot water out of the oven and worked away with it a long time, cooling it by adding cold water, and testing it every time with a thermometer till he got it to his liking, when he poured it into the bin, and began working awfw among the pasty mass with his hands; This done, he scraped his hands clean, dried them with some flour, scat tered some flour over the dough, scraped down the sides of the bin, and covered over the whole with a cloth and boardr " Well, that's done," he said, speaking for the first time, with a sigh of satisfaction, and taking 110 notice of us as we peeped out at the foot of the stair; and then from a hole in the wall he took out a tobacco pipe, and settled himself to a comfortable smoke. " Sure, it's ineself that could help him this minute," muttered McSfaeeny, %ith an en vious look. " It's a fine time of it ye have over there, never so much as axin' a body to take a draw." But the man smoked on, meditatively and quietly, and then resumed his vest and coat. " He's goin' to pocket a bag of flour now," said McSweeny, as we slipped hastily up to the flour room. But he was wrong. , Putting out the lights as he went, the man ascended the stair, got up 011 the flour bags, pulled himself up through the win dow, closed it as he had entered, and was gone. . ■ "What a big chate of the world; I thought he' was the thafe," grumbled McSweeny, as the sounds died away. "So did-I at first; but he's not.",* . " P'raps the real thafe is to come yet," was the.quick-witted suggestion. "Surely we're hot to-have so much' trouble an' bitin' for nothn'." I thought the idea a good one, and once more we ensconced ourselves in our hiding places. But it was well on for three o'clock before we were again disturbed, and this time the sounds came froni the bakehouse door. We distinctly heard a key inserted and the door opened, and then two persons —men1—entered; conversing; in subdued whispers. ' They did not strike a light, but came softly up the stair to the flour- house, and I coidd have touched them both with my hand-as they passed on towards Mc Sweeny's bag. One of them—the younger of the two—turned, and without a word pointed to the bag containing McSweeny, and as he did so the moonlight struck full 011 his face, and I saw distinctly.the fea tures of a rather good-looking young man. The other obeyed in silence, and at once seized the bag and endeavored, with a lift from the other, to get it on his back. The position must have been anything but an • agreeable one to McSweeny, but he bore it unflinchingly. As ill luck would have it, however, the moment he was raised into the air a quan tity of flour was drawn in with his breath, and he emitted a sudden and energetic double sneeze. The effect was instantaneous. He was dropped with a yell, which: the thump he received caused him to echo, and then loosening the string, he sprung out before k them like a frightful white apparition. I made a grasp at one as they whisked Sast me like swift shadows; Intt I was only raVnforward, cask and all, on my face, and tlieu .Jar sprawling while they were flying like the wind. «« At the same moment McSweeny made a dash forward, tumbled over me, grappled with nie, and tugged me up by the hair of the head. "So I've got ye, ye vagabond!" he cried, flying me a thump m the ribs before I could ud my voice. " Ye let me- fall on pur pose in the sack, did ye? to try an* break the small of me back, an' then lay down there that I might break me neck, there, there, aud there!" He was thumping me with a vengence, but I could do nothing but laugh,- which T did till I was powerless. Then he pulled me up into the strip of moonshine, and peered into my face. _"Och, hedad, and it's you!" he cried, with a whistle of dismay. " Why did ya chate me?—an' we've let tliem off after all ?" "I'm afraid we have; hut I think I'll know one of them again," and I whispered a moment in his ear. " Ye don't mane it ?" he cried, excitedly. "But I do; it's a fact," I returned, and then we went down, aud up to the bake house door, and found, as I had expected, that the flying thieves had taken time lock it after them. But we had no fear of them returning, so we both got out by the window of the flour-house, fastened it behind us, and went home to bed. Next day I called on Skinflint, aud inci dentally enquired for his son. He told ma that the young man had been taken unex pectedly ill that morning after leaving the house to open the bakehouse, and had re turned, when he had to get up and go iu his stead, and was not a little surprised to find us gone. I gave him a full account of the night's proceedings; but as it was given without auy private comments or suspi cions, he dia not make much of it, but at once began to tell me of a strange occur rence of that day. This was neither mora nor less tlian the receipt of a note, stating that he would find the stolen property—to wit, one hag of flour, one box of raisins* and a quantity of eggs—safely deposited in his yard, to which place the thief had had them conveyed before writing the note. A postcript stated that he, the thief, had been forced to make the restitution by a remark able occurrence which he could not relate without being considered superstitious. Skinflint found the things exactly as stated, and now in high glee told me bother no further in the matter. I was secretly glad of the order, but still wishing privately to satisfy myself, I managed to cany the note of the thief away with me. Then I wrote a dummy note to Skinflint's brother about some provisions, requesting an answer, and was not at all surprised to find the handwriting to be nearly identical with that of the repentant thief. It was long ere I could get a sight of Skinflint's son, and by that time the old miser was dead, and he master of the estab ment; but when I did, I instantly recog nised the face I had seen in tlie flour-house when McSweeny was being lifted for a bag of flour. If he should read this, he will see that detectives are not quite so bad as they are sometimes painted. As for Hastie, the somnambulist, when told of his part in the adventure, he appeared overwhelmed with confusion, and took the first opportunity to slip on his coat and walk out of the bakehouse. lie never came back, and was only heard of by chance months after as having been seen in a far distant town. James Barton, a middle aged man, died suddenly at the back of the Black Eagle Hotel, Hinilmarsli-aquare, at four o'clock on Sunday afternoon. Dr. Moore was called in, but Barton was dead on his arrival. Regarding the visit of the All England Eleven to the Australian colonies during the present cricket season, Mr. J. Conway, of Mel bourne, has received a letter dated August 3, from James Lillywhite, the well-known English professional player, in which it is stated the following cricketers had arranged to leave Southampton by the September mailGreen wood, Hill, Emmett, Ullyett, Armitage, from Yorkshire; Jupp, Pooley, Southerton, from Surrey; Lillywhite and Charlwood, from Sussex; and Selby and A. Shaw or Wild, from Nottingham. The letter states:— "Alfred Shaw, through business and family matters, is obliged to hesitate about giving his final answer. I wished him to telegraph to me to-day, but I suppose he has not qutta settled yet whether or no he will come. IE ho cannot come Wild will take his place, but I hope to get him, as he is a good man." Wild, the Melbourne Argus says, is one of the most rising professional batsmen in England, and a magnificent field. A special feature in the team will be the slow underhand bowling of Armitage, who is described as being the most able exponent of that style of bowling that has been in England for years. In a match recently played between Yorkshire and Surrey, Armitage for the former county secured six of the' Surrey wickets iu the first innings for 20 runs; in the second innings seven fell before him for 29 runs. Iu addition to being a good slow bowler, he is an excellent batsman. 