FIVE WOMEN, Oh A D)ESPEIIATE DEED. BY TUH Auvurol o0 "DiyiiVN FuaoM1 H]oM.' CHAPTER XXXIV. ONSIE UR DAB URO N, the magistrat thad his work before him, and paissed off Saturday and Sunday examining witnesses, fron the village where the murder had been committed, and its nearest town, 1Bougival. WVhilst he snatched an half-hour or so for his niotsl, he had ' audiences' with the varinus agents of tie dutective force, whose investiga tions, howovor, were anything but satisfac tory.. They had hoard a great deal of talk about a woman, who asserted that she had seen the murderer coming out of the Widow's cottage: but nobody seemed able to give them a des cription of this mythical wonman, or even to furnish them with her name. But they all thought it their duty to inform the magistrate that an inquiry was being con duoted, by ' a private individual,' at the same time as theirs. This person was sparing no end of money, and had about a dozen men under himn, who wore always coainig acras them, and forestalling them in everything. * You have, of course, discovered who the party was-' 'Old Corkscrew, of course, who was a sniffing and a-prying about the place, in an old gig, harnessed to a young bay mare, as knew what work meant, and li mistake He must have got up very early in the morning,' said the disconsolate detcotive; ' for where ever we went, we found he'd been there afore us. I met the old begger once, and he had the impudence to speak to me. SWhat,' says he, ' do you mean by showing thern photogruffs about ? Before the cnd of the week, you'll be crowded with witnesses, who, for a five-franc piece, will dye their hair and beards to any tint, pull out their teeth. and even maim themselves, to suit whatever portrait you may present them.' He called another of our follows, who was passing him on the high-road, and made a sight at him. ' What a fool you are,' he cried out, ' to waste your time in seeking a man who has left the high-road, and is now skulking in the by ways !' At last he, finished off by telling two of the police agents, who happened to be in a wine-shop ia the village, that he had spotted his man. Three persons had seen him-two sailway guards, and a third person, a woman, whose evidence would be decisive ; for she had spoken to him,'and she remembered quite well thatl he was smoking, Monsieur Daburon lost his temper on the spot, The officious old idiot !' he muttered between his teeth. ' Here ? get. me my hat and great coat ? I'll start for Bougival to nigiht, and P'11 bring him back, with a flea in his ear !' The journey was useless. Daddy Tada ret, thegig, the swift bay mare, and the twelve men had vanished On returning home, tired and dispirited, the magistrate found a telegram on his table, from the chief of the detective force. It contained these few words : l We.have found thie men. Leave fon'Paris I his evening. Vdaulmble evidence. ' GEVROL.' -:* * * * * * : At nine-the next- morning, Monsieur Da biron Wimh prepariug to start for the Palace of Justice, where he expected to meet Givrol and the man le' had entrapped-perhaps also the meddling Old.Corkscrew himself. lie had collected his papers, put on his coat and hat, when his servant informed him that a young lady, accompannied by an old woman, requested to see him. She wouldn't give her name, saying that it was ceitirely unnecessary, as it was absolutely innperative that the magistrate should spare her a few minutes of. his time.. ' Show her up I' said Mousiour Daburn He thought it was probably some relation of a plisoner whoso case he had undertaken previous to the murder at La Jonchere, and made up his mind to dismiss the unwelcome visitor vs soon as possible. Re was standing before the chimney-piece, with his back to the door, looking over some letters. The noise of the opening door, the rustle of a silk dress, and the sound of a light footstep behind him, did not disconcert him in the least. H-Jo didn't even turn his head. When he had linished reading the letter he had in his hand, he condescendd to lift his eyes end cast a rapid glance at the new-comer. Ile started back, as though he had seen a ghost. The letters fell from his nerveless grasp into the fender at his feet. £ Clare !' he gasped. ' hlare !' And then-es if he believed himself, and hoped to beleive himself, the plaything of some illusion of the hrain, and yearned to see the emb.idimint of her whose name he had uttered-he turned sl-wly, and leaned heavily agains t the chimiucy-piece. Yes, it was Glare I What ? This young girl, at once so proud and yet so shy, had -usmoned up sutlicient cowuage to ean upon him, alose ?-for she had lbft her 0h1 governess outmide. M1oi'sieur Da burou f-lt puzzled. Some great sentiment or powerfli motive had annihilated her natural timidity and aristocratic reserve lDespite himself, his heart gave a great throb e' hippiness. -lu kuew she was iost to him, but he loved her still I It was such a luxury to look on her sweet fa.e again I lie said nothing; only looked at her with a wistfld gaze, almost sad in its intense affeo tion. lie thought her more beautiful than ever. 11er sweet, pile face, and large dreamy eyes, usually veiled in a ,melaneholy that was habi tual to them, now flashed, now gleamed, like a .siiminior-sky that threatens stormi. lie felt that she liad miade up her mind aboutsomeething; and whltever that somethlmig was, that she would carry out her resolution with all the noble resolution that belongs to simplicity and truth. She advanced towards hiii with a quiet diguity, extending her hand in a pretty, frimndly way, that some women do with a gace that is intuitive. \ e are still friends, are we not 7' she said, witlh m treiuilous smile Tih magistrate felte like ,x great awkward schoolboy. 1ie looked at the little white, un gloved hand, and only touched it with the tips of his fingers * Friends, of course,' he murmured. ' You know that I am devoted to you.' Mademoiselle d'Arl snge subsided gently into a vast arii-chair--the very same arm chair that Old Corkscrew, only two nights beoore, had argued tie guilt, and succeeded in effecting the arrest, tf Albert. Monsieur .1 ahuiron remained standing, lean ing against the chimney piece. You know why I have come ?' asked the girl. With a bend of thu head, he made a sign which llleant Yes.' lie was battling with himself. Could he resist her ? (ould he refuse supplications whin they canie from such a mouth ? lIt sas only yesterday that I knew all about it,' continued O'are ; ' they kent it froom me; without my dear own governess, I wouhln't have known it even now. Oh, w:hat a night I have passed .1 was quite ovet whehned at tirat; but directly I heard that it was you who were directing all inquiries, my fbars were dissipated' Theo she added, in a t, e of confidence, ' You'll get, him eft, of course ?' The magistrate was silent. He half-ad mired, half-pitied her girlish simplicity-her pure faith, that doubted nothing. * And if I tell you, Mademoiselle d'Arlange, 'Iho commenced, ' that the Viscount is not innocent?' She half rose, with a gesture of protesta tion. if I tell you he is guilty ?' Clare looked at the magistrate in wide eyed wonder. Had she understood him rightly or had the sorrow of tme last day or two dazed and stupefied her? Everything of the most impossible and immprobablo sort seemed natural now, after those last terrible words of his lie, not daring to raise his eyes, went on speaking, in a voice that trembled slightly, but that increased in strength as he weii on. [ [ cannot tell you what I feel in speaking to you now; but, cruel as it may seem, I still feel it is my duly to tdll you the bitter truth. Mster up, then, all that courage that I know you possess, and meet with a noble firmness the greatest misfortune that can fall upon a truebheartad woman. The mututn iomt love is guilty !' Like a physician who pours out a dangerous medieiie-ealceulating it drop by drop-Mtot sicur Daburon pronounced slowly, word by word, this last sentence. He watched her out of the corner of his eye expecting, in prison language, that she would break out," or faint, or sereani. He was entirely out in his calculations. She did notling of the kit d She rose, as if galvanised, strong in her youth and energy; her usually pale and delicate face crimson with excitement; and her ,beauti ful eyes, that had before been dim with tears, sparkling with indignation. 'It is.false I' she cried; 'and those who have put such an idea into your head have lied I I can't mince words now, because I know I amn speaking the truth I I know Albort-I know that it is impossible for him to do a cruel or an underhanid action I Were he in this room at this very moment,' she said, vehemently, stretching out her arms towards the magistrate, ' and were he on his knees before me, confessing his guilt,.I would push him back, and tell him uo was dream ing" ' ' 1ie hasn't confessed yet,' said the magis trate, greatly upset, and wiping his moist forehead with his still moister hand" 'It doesn't matter whether he daoe or not-the evidence against him is as clear as the noon day sun I :acts are stubborn things, Made moiselle d'Arlange.' 'I deny that they are!' said Clara, now thoroughly at bay. ' I repeat nay' I swear to you !-thltt Justie is entirely on the wrong tack this time. Yes I' she insisted with a little stamp of her feot, catching a gesture of pity on the part of her listener; I am as sure of it as I see you have made up your mind to the contrary I i know Albert better than he knows himself I' Monsiour 1jaburon was about to make a timid objection; but she waved him im patiently aside " ' It is now four years since we loved each other. Since that time t have had no thought that has been hidden from him, and-yes, I will "iswer it betore lleaven-he has had i' secret from me. Alas, he was, as 1 sm, alone in the world. IHis fathcr never loved him ohi never I and it was for that reason, I suppsa feeling our loneliness in the world, that he trusted so much and clung so close together, we had but one heart, or, rather tavo hearts that beat as one. And will son tell me that Albert is criminal-that a soul, which I know to be as pure as an angel's, is sullied and stained by so base a crime as murder ?" 'Desperate positions have long ere now driven better me1t, or as good 111011 as'-ihe hesitated a moment what name to call him, then adhed-' as this one, to do cruel and desperate acts. Suddenly be linds that neither the name of the for-t.ne of the l)c Valcourt belongs to him. This secret, this terrible secret, which was to hurl him to the topmost round of Fortune's ladder, to be spurned :mind tramispled on in the mud, was known to but one person-but one, an old Woman I' 'l.'he girl was listening to him with dilated eyes. lie fancied le could almost hear the beating of her heart. ' This woman.' he went on, & held. his fatil in her hands. His hope of a union with you, everything that youth and ambition could desire, was hanging upon an incautious word -a spiteful breath To keep all, he dared all, found out this woman, and killed her!' ' What an inthmous calumny :' cried Olare. 'Ans shameful as it is stupid I Why, le has already told me this 'terrible secret' you speak of about his fallen fortunes lie told it me the very day he kniw it himself. H didn't think of his own position; he only thought of one. 1l[e was broken-hearted at the thought that I might grieve and fret that the goldc future his love had made for inc was now mere dust aiid ashes. I grieve aid fret I What was his grand name and. great fortune to ien? I owed to them the only real sorrow I had ever known; and s> 1 told him. lie became quite happy after that, and said that as long as I loved iim, he cared for nothing else. Then I gave him a severe scolding for ever having doubted me. 'then we madei it up, nid were so happy ; and. after that lie left me, and cruelly murdered a poor old wonian Thie idea is preposterous I i'm sure you will never dare to repeat it ?' Mademoiselle d'Arlange stopped3 with a smile of triuimph ipon her lips (To be continued.) 