NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. BY A VAGABOND, ACCORDING to the war correspondent of the Daily News, and to M. Ivan de Woestiue, who is fulfilling the same office for the Paris Figaro, the Bashi- Bazouks in Bulgaria are committing atrocities in that province such as were never equalled by the Redlndians of North America. One hundred and twenty villages have been destroyed and many thousands of people massacred. The ungathered crops wither in a depopulated country. Children fetch about 8s. 4d. each ; the girls being sent to the slave market in Constantinople, and their mothers are transported to the Balkans, there to be sold into servitude. The Bashi-Bazouks violate women, burn down houses, hany cattle,, destroy churches, cut into mincemeat little children, and crucify and roast priests. At Phillippopolis, a prison with accommodation for 200 inmates contains 800 ; and these wretched men are fed once a day by haTing loaves of bread thrown among them indiscriminately. Charming state of things, this ! But, in the meantime, how comforting it is to be assured that his Infallibility the Pope "continues to admonish all Roman Catholics to support the Turkish Empire against her insurgent subjects and enemies." You see these insurgents—these women who are being ravished, these priestB who are being roasted alive or crucified, these girls who are being sold into slavery as " soulless toys for tyrant's lust," these little children who are being cut into mincemeat, are Christians, like the aged ecclesiastic in the Vatican, but then they are Greek Catholics, who have the misfortune to differ from their Latin brethren in reference to the stupendously important question of the "procession" of the Holy Ghost; and therefore the Vicar of Christ, from liis magnificent palace in Rome, issues admonitions to the faithful to support the master of the Bashi-Bazouks in putting down his insurgent subjects and enemies. In effect, the Roman Pontiff says :—" Continue, my beloved Bashi- Bazouks, to mutilate, slaughter and deflower the Greek Christians ; for sweet, in my nostrils, is the savour of blood shed from the veins of schismatics ; musical, in my ears, are the shrieks and groans of heretic women and children ; and precious in my sight is the violent death of every member of the Eastern Church. Bless you, my excellent butchers 1" " For the last three months," said the Premier on Tuesday evening, " the House had been in session, and during that time what had been done? In point of fact, nothing." I beg your pardon, Sir James. Its members have pocketed something like £6000 of the public money ; and have talked fustian enough to fill 1800 columns of Hansard ; and do you call that nothing ? What else do you expect them to do ? Does any man outside of a lunatic asylum imagine that the business transacted inside the Legislative Assembly will ever bear more than an infinitesimal proportion to the amount of rubbish spoken 1 You are a bank director, I believe, or, at any rate, you were in Mr, Bramwell's time. Well, would you invest' a shilling of your money in the London Chartered if its affairs were entrusted to the management of a room full of empty-headed chatterers ; selected, not because they had either ability or experience ; not because they understood anything of commerce or finance; not because they had any interest in the institution; not because their antecedents would bear investigation; not because they were deserving of confidence and esteem : but because they could tickle the ears of the moat ignorant and least reflective classes of the bank's customers, by spouting fluent claptrap to them, and could make them believe that if they—the voluble and impudent spouters—were elected as directors, they would make everybody prosperous by discounting all the paper that should be Bent into them, and by issuing an unlimited quantity of ba nk notes ? You know perfectly well that in the hands of men of this stamp, the Bank of England itself would have to close its doors in a fortnight. And do you imagine that, although a certain amount of ability, experience, character, and foresight is required for the direction of the affairs of a bank, the legislative administration of a country nearly as large as England, and containing upwards of three quarters of a million of people, can be beneficially conducted by a lot of men got •together by count of noses, without requiring to be possessed of any other qualifications than " cheek " and " jaw" 1 The supposition is preposterous. Representative government is a mockery, a delusion, and a snare; and it is a consolatory reflection to know and feel that it is slowly dying of contempt and ridicule. No man has fathomed the depths of taental imbecility who has omitted to read the articles which appear in some of the protectionist newspapers of this colony. They out- Sibthorp Sibthorp. The deeper you send down the dredge into the profound abysses of their almost incalculable ignorance, the thicker the slime, and the greasier th e ooze which are brought up. Here is the Ballarat Courier of Tuesday ast, for example, declaiming againBt Messrs. Campbell and Langton for "asking the people of this country to return to anything so ridiculous and desolating as freetrade 1" This caps the climax of nescience. A statement of this kind from the pen of an intelligent and well-informed writer, would of course be met with the simple and sufficing answer, that it is an atrocious falsehood. In the Courier it is simply the result of measureless ignorance. This amateur in journalism is of course unaware that, under freetrade, the imports and exports of Great Britain which were of the aggregate value of £163,051,000 in 1840, had arisen to £667,733,1 G5 in 1874 ; that in I860, when the population of England and Wales was 19,814,000, there were 851,020 paupers; while in 1875, when the population was 22,706,031. there were no more than 815,587 paupers; that the consumption per head of all the necessaries, of most of the comforts, and of many of the luxuries of life, has increased enormously, as shown by the official returns, during the last thirty years. And yet we have the boobies of newspaper Nordledum coupling such epithets as " ridiculous" and " desolating" with freetrade 1 And why ? Listen to the sapient reasons assigned :— "During the past few months a French manufacturing firm has established an agency in Birmingham, and has supplied large quantities of the hardware peculiar to Birmingham and its district at prices considerably lower than those of native manufacturers, such articles being nevertheless frequently made from Staffordshire iron and Sheffield steel. Another significant hint as to future competition, and not only in foreign and colonial markets, but even on English soil, is the list of prices of several American manufacturers, who are supplying not only axes and steel forks, for which they have long been famous, but a great variey of hardware goods. " What is the explanation of this terrible, this portentous event, of one French firm having established an agency in Birmingham 1 When the prices of commodities fall in France, wages fall with them ; and the French law against combinations is so stringent that strikes are comparatively rare. In England, on the other hand, the artisan, whose wages rose to an unprecedented height during the long period of prosperity which the mother country has enjoyed, and whose personal expenditure expanded in proportion, (the consumption per head of foreign spirits has doubled in the last fourteen years,) refuses to accept a reduced remuneration; and the natural consequence is that the products of the foreign artisan enter into competition with his own in the English markets; and very properly so. As to American hardware, it is a notorious fact that protection in the United States has brought the manufacturers to such a desperate strait, that they are glad to get rid of their unsaleable stock for anything that it will fetch. At this moment, the. chief cities in America are swarming with the unemployed; and in Pennsylvania, the very hotbed of protection, skilled workmen are receiving as low as 3s. 8d. per day, which is equivalent to half- a-crown in Victoria. But, of course, such a state of things is neither "ridiculous" nor "desolating." I wonder whether the ignoramus of the Courier really knows where Birmingham and Sheffield are ; and whether he is quite certain that the former is not in Connecticut, and the latter Belgium ? 