EUROPE. J.he Jfree Handicap race at Newmarket on April 20 was won by Maitland. Preakness, the American horse, was fourth. i A Calcutta telegqam received in England an nounces that 17 persons implicated in the murder of Mr. Margary, of the English Expedition, will be executed at Bahama on May 5, in the presence of the English escort. ; The ship Victory, from Shields for San Fran cisco, is reported lost with all on board. No particulars have been received. : A desperate fight took place in the streets of Limerick on the 17th of ApriL Messrs. Butt and O'Shaughnessy, members of Parlia ment for the city, announced then intention of addressing the people from the base of O'ConnelTs monument. A procession, number ing some thousands, consisting principally of Trade Guilds, with bands and burners, conse quently inarched to the place, and a body of Nationalists armed with sticks, who had pre viously taken possession of the monument, attacked the procession. The Nationalists were overpowered after a severe fight, in which many persons received deadly injuries. The police and military were under arms, but abstained from interference. A rumour is afloat that a British Legation is to be established at Cairo. The story is doubtful, because such a recognition of Egypt would be a direct insult to Turkey. Mr. Disraeli, in the Bouse of Commons on the 25th April, gave Mr. Fawcett no encouragement on the letter's motion for an address to the Qneen, praying her not to accept the title of Empress. Mr. Fawcett gave notice of a more stringent motion, amounting to a vote of censure. In the Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice an order was make on April 5 for the release of the Franconia, which had been arrested at the instance of the proprietors of the steamer Stratholyde and the owners of the cargo on board that ship. It was arranged that £8 per ton and a certain amount for costs should be paid into Court as security in respect of the suits instituted on behalf of the owners of the Stratholyde against the owners of the Franconia in a sum of between £60,000 and £70,000, Divers are at work salving the cargo of the Stratholyde. . The steamship Octavia, which was captured by a Spanish man-of-war near St. Thomas s, has been released. She was suspected of having arms and ammunition for the Cuban insurgents, and before Bhe was released her master furnished Sir William Grey, the Governor, with security against her acting in any way illegally. Signor Boesi was to make his first appearance before an English audience in Italian at Drury lane Theatre on April 19. His opening piece was to be "Hamlet." Signor Salvini has appeared in Edinburgh in Othello, and has had a cordial reception. He comes to London early in the summer. It is said that efforts are again being made to secure the appearance of Mdme. KiEtori, Signor Salvini, and Signor Rossi in the same play. The plays spoken of are " Macbeth," with Salvini as Macbeth, Mdme. Bistori as Lady Macbeth, and Rossi as Macduff; and " Hamlet," with Salvini as Hamlet, Bistori as the Queen, and Rossi as the Ghost. The following are the month's shipments, from "Stablest Circular:"—They amount to £1,186,200; increase £170,900. To Melbourne, £415,800; Sydney, £322,900; Queensland, £64,2(0; Adelaide, £181,200; Tasmania, £18,500; New Zealand, £183,600. The principal ship ments to Melbourne are—Drapery, £104,926; dressed and wrought leather, £28,816; gunpowder, 379 cwt.; bar and rod iron, 3,305 tons; hoop-iron, 502 tons; plate and sheet iron, 154 tons; pig-iron, 16 tons; gal vanized, 6,504 tons ; tinplates, 2,309 boxes ; linseed oil, 10,934 galls.; woolpacks, £3,290; flooring-boards, 184 loads; tobacco, 125,367 lbs.; bulk brandy, 62,251 galls.; case, 15,571; rum, 5,039 galls.; geneva, 29,750 galls.; British spirits, 24,582 galls.; red wine, 17,178 galls.; white wine, 13,855 galls.; bulk beer; 357 barrels; bottled beer, 985 barrels; malt, 2,254 quarters; hops, 82 cwt.; white salt, 1,095 tons; rook salt, 165 tons; candles, 902 cwt. A hostile encounter has occurred between M. Feuilrhade and M." Ollivier. The former, aged 33, is the son of the late Colonel of Engineers, aide-de-camp to Marshal Vaillant. The latter, who is nine years younger, is also of good family, and served as a sub-lieu tenant of Lancers during the war. The cause of the quarrel (eays Galignani) was a woman, the sister of a danseuss at the Gait5 Theatre, and the duel was fought at a short distance from Longway, just across the frontier of Luxembourg. The combat was long and deter mined, and three times the seconds intervened to allow the adversaries to take rest. At the fourth attack each adversary made a thrust without attempting to parry. M. Feuilrhade received a wound in the side, while his sword point entered the breast of M. Ollivier above the nipple, and reached the heart, killing him on the spot. The parties returned to Longwy by the carriage in which they had left in the morning, and where the body of the unfortunate. gentleman was embalmed. His funeral has since been performed at Maisons-Alfort, near Paris. The Journal de Chavleroi reports an extra ordinary accident as having occurred at Ar dennes, near Namur, to the express train from Cologne to Paris. After leaving Ardennes the ergine ran into a cart laden with gunpowder tbat was crossing the line at the moment. The shook caused an immediate explosion, and the train is stated to have been lifted completely off the line and settled down again on the rails. All the carriages were more or less damaged, the glass windows being destroyed and the curtains burnt. The smoke produced by the explosion was so great that the employes at first imagined that the engine itself had exploded. It appears that the cart, which was laden with three barrels of gunpowder, had incautiously been allowed to cross the rails at the moment the express was due. The driver of the cart and the horse were both seriously injured, the cart being smashed to fragments. The windows of the adjoining houses were also destroyed. Strange to say, the passengers In the train all escaped serious injury, whilst the carriages had the appearance of having been on fire. The trial in Russia of Herr Strousberg, the railway king, was to begin on the 20th May. The St. Petersburg Gazette of April 25 says the fears entertained for the peace of Europe are groundless. The Sultan has instructed his Foreign Minister emphatically to disavow any aggressive intention, and to give assurances that the military movements in Albania areonly defensive. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the North German Gazette writes that the Czar ai pears very happy to have his daughter, the Duchess of Edinburgh, once more with him. His pleased demeanour is generally noticed. Father and daughter are seen much together in public. They take daily drives together, and have, among other things, visited various girls' schools, in the conduct of which the Duchess takes a lively interest. In Hillah and Bagdad, from', March 28 to April 14, there were 217 deaths from the plague. It has now crossed the left bank of the Tigris. The foreign Ambassadors at Constantinople have remonstrated against the Pert bringing into Europe troops from Bagdad on account of the plague. 