The presentation of prizes and certificates, in connection with the recent State schools competi tive examination, will take place in the Shire Hall on Friday evening next, and from the pre parations which are being made for the occasion it would seem that the event is to be one which will be pleasurably remembered in t he future by scholars and parents alike. The programme is not finally completed, but as far as is at present known it willl include the following Two songs by the Avoca infants, "Watching for Pa" and " The Glory of Summer and a reeitation " The Neat Little Clock," with simultaneous action, the children having been specially trained by 'Miss Bowen. Three part songs by Avoca scholars, the 1 music for whieh has heen arranged by Professor Cranz to original words by Mr J. Cooke, Mr Cranz having also given much time and trouble to the training of the children in the proper rendering of these songs. A recitation by an Avoca scholar. Two songs by Mr Robarts' children, of the Bung Bong school. Two part songs and two recitations by Percy dale scholars. Songs or recitations from scholars of other schools. Spelling bees for the 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th classes, and vocal instrumental music by local amateurs. Miss Hammond, it is understood, will sing two songs, " The Wish" and "Ob, take me to thy heart again," and a gen tleman amateur, at present unknown to local fame, is expected to make his debut in the overture to <" Zimpa," arranged as a piano quartette, in which he which he will be assisted by local pianists. Prizes of an appropriate character will be given in each of the four divisions of the spelling be, and in order to limit the number of competitors a small admis sion fee will be sharged, 3d in the 3rd class, 4d in the 4'h class, and so on. The Rev. D. O'Donnell will act as examiner, taking the words to be spelled from the second book for the third class, from the third book for the fourth class, from the fourth book for the 5th class, and from the fifth book for the sixth class, proper names and technical terms being excluded. Owners of dogs are informed that unless they immediately register their canine favorites the clauses of the Dog Act will be strictly enforced. There was not even the ghost of .a case to be heard at the Avoca Police Court yesterday. Is this a sign of the times, and that peace, propriety, and happiness shall prevail ? We trust so. St. Valentine's day was observed yesterday with an airount of playful earnestness we were glad to perceive. The observance indicates cheerfulness, which has much to do with the passing prosperity of life. Heaven knows I we have enough "to vex and plague us," as Goldsmith's old comedy says, but to look at.: the promising side of the picture is half the battle of success in that same life. We hear that -about 150 valentines were delivered in the town yesterday. The Quarterly Licensing Bench will sit a' Landsborough on the 14th March next. The Amherst Hospital Fete was. held on Friday last in the Agricultural Reserve, Talbot. The attendance does not appear to have been so large as usual, about 2,500 persons being present, but all the sports passed off in a satisfactory, manner. -The amount of the net proceeds is : expected to retch £200. There appears to have been some misapprehen sion about the time when the close season for bares terminates, several parties being known to have gone out coursing during the last few weeks. We have been requested by the police to intimate for public information that the elose season for hares extends from the 1st of September until the last day of February, both days inclusive. It is to be hoped that this notice will be sufficient- An official notice in another column states that -Mr Henry Pinch, being the only candidate .nomi nated, has been declared to be duly elected to the seat in the Shire Council rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr R. C. Bryant. It is noMfied that the electric telegraph has been extended to Wedderburn, and that the pffice at that place is now available to the public. The following applications under the Land Act 1 have been approved : — Hugh McArdle, Rathscar, 39a 3r 35p j Richard Boyd, Glenmona, 11a 2r 38p. In accordance with the notice given, Mr Cooke attended at Percvdale last evening, and held a meet ing at Mrs How Qua's Hotel with reference to his candidature as a member of the Mining Board. There was a good gathering, and Mr George Pinch was called to t he chair. Mr Cooke said that his object in coming forward as a candidate was for one purpose : to endeavour to give to miners a code of by-laws upon which they might depend in the place of those the late Judge Macoboy had charac terised as " a jumble of contradictions," He had no idea of opposing anyone, but knew that emula-? tion always did good when a useful office was sought to be filled. Since he had been in the place he had found that the miners were altogether in favor of Mr Britten, and therefore little more had to be said on his—?the speaker's— part, but he would observe that whoever might sit in future Mining Boards one thing must not be lost sight of, namely, the argentiferous riches of the hills above them. The by laws, with one little exception in the shape of a clause emanating from the proposal of a St Arnaud member a long time ago, said not a word about silver. All related to the one thing "gold;" but now that it was discovered haw rich the district had become in metalliferous deposits other than gold it became necessary that the by-laws should be so enlarged as to embrace all metals which industry , discovered beneath the surface of the soil. The support of the views of the local candidate had been so distinctly pronounced that he felt it would be simple folly in him to continue the contest, and with all due respect to those who had so kindly sup ported him be would withdraw his pretensions — not in favor of anyone else, but because he could clearly foresee the result. He thanked the audience who had attended, and the chairman, and would only say that on any future occasion when the interests of the district had to be served he was always ready to come forward. Mr Britten said that his interest was identical with all present, and that he would, if elected as a member of the Mining Board, do his best for the valley of the Pyrenees. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. Mr H. Cosstick, ex-menaber, was present, but Mr Hughes was not. An interesting little ceremony took place last Saturday night in connection with the farewell visit of the Rev. D. O'Donnell to the Elmhurst Lodge of the I O.G.T. As a slight recognition of his gratuitous advocacy of Templarisrn in the township he was presented with Tennyson's latest work, " Mary Stuart, a Drama," bound to order, and in a most elegant and" substantial style. The W.C. I. having requested Bro. Malcolm to be his substitute, Mr Malcolm stated that the Lodge considered themselves greatly indebted to Bro. O'Donnell for his ready, repeated and valuable services, as through one of his addresses several persons, of a class likely to remain stedfast, had joined the brother hood; that they much regretted his departure from the district, but sincerely wished for himself and family happiness and prosperity in all the relations and engagements of the future. In response the rev. gentleman thanked the Elmhurs Templars for their kind words, and for the manner in which they had embodied their love for him and appreciation of his service. It was a gratification ll> L.O ikix. for (It tney would pardon a vulgarism) ministers sometimes received more kicks than ha'pence. He would not only keep the book carefully but place it conspicuously on his table when settled in his next sphere, that his new friends might see, in looking within at the in scription, the goodness of the Elmhurst Templars to one who had tried to help them a little, and the estimation in which they held him. He again thanked the Lodge, and reciprocated every wish that had been expressed for his welfare. We have received the illustrated papers, the Sketcher and the Australian News. Both are of the order excellent. The cuts are artistic, and in most cases illustrative of colonial scenery or incidents, while the reading matter affords a fair epitome of the month's news. The court of assize sits at Maryborough to-day, the Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell, presiding. The list of cases comprises the following : — W. H . Roberts, commercial traveller, embezzlement; Yen Noy, larceny ; James Boyle, larceny ; George Holton, indecent assault ; F. Cacherwood, larceny. We (: Standard ) believe it has been decided not to allow the engine to run on the new line between Maryborough and Avoca until the fencing and gates are completed, owing to the number of cattle destroyed during the formation of the other lines. The contractors will have to attend to the gates when finished. A shocking accident occurred at Sale on Sunday afternoon. A butcher's horse bolted from under the verandahs in Raymond street, at the 'ime that a number of children were going to Sunday school, and killed a fine boy, eleven years old, a son of Cr Ross ; several other children narrowly escaped. A bill for abolishing verdicts of felo de se has passed through committee of the New South Wales Assembly. A despatch has been received in Sydney, from the Home authorities, conveying the Queen's assent to the Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister Bill. An accident of a rather start''0? and serious character occurred on the afternoon of February 6, a' the Gap, near South Head, Sydney, where the Dunbar was wrecked. The Evening News states that" A lad aged 14 years, named John Talbot, who— judging from the circumstances of the acci dent— possessed great courage, went down the ladder at the Gap to fish off the flat rocks below. While so engaged a wave rolled in over the rocks and gashed him into deep water, whieh just about ' there was very rough, and extremely difficult to exist in,. Talbot, with much courage and presence of mind, struck out to sea, in order, to escape the surf and rocks, and as he was swimming out a man named John O'Donnell threw him in a bamboo, by which he was enabled to sustain himself till rescued by a boat which had been bravely manned by some fisherman. The steamer Herald; which had arrived at Watson's Bay at the time of the oc currence, steamed round the Gap, and 'owed the boat into the harbour. Talbot had been upwards of an hour in the wa'er when rescued. . A new safety cage has been made by the Phaznix Foundry Company to the order of the Magdala directory, and a successful trial took place on Saturday afternoon. It is the invention of Mr Lambert (deceased) late of Pleasant Creek, and is for the purpose of preventing accidents through the breaking of the rope. The cage is fitted with " grips" at the side to bite the skids when the strain is taken off the rope and by this means 'tha cage is firmly fixed in the shaft- At the trial on Saturday temporary skids were erected, when the cage was drawn up about 15ft with several gentle men in it, and the rope being detached the cage at once jammed securely, and remained there till the rope was again connected. The invention is a most valuable one, and those who take an interest in it may see it working at the foundry for the next day or two ,—Postl : A telegraphic message was received on Saturday, from the Hibernia, the steamer engaged iu laying the New Zealand cable, stating that having got within 100 miles of Nelson, N.Z., it bad been found necessary to buoy the cable and suspend operations in consrqucnce of heavy weather. As soon as the wea ber moderates, the work, which has been very satisfactorily carried on so far, will be resumed, and in all probability telegiphic communication with New Zealand will be stahlished in a day or two, A man at Hobart Town -lamed John Nowlan has been sentenced to deah for committing a criminal assault on a child. lehas been previously convicted of a similar offence A telegram from Brisbae, dated Friday last Eays " The United State corvette Tiiscarora anchored at the har last eve,ing. She has been taking deep sea soundings fom San Francisco to Honolulu, and thence to Joreton Bay. It is understood that the route is :onsidered particularly favorable for the'projected caile. After coaling and provisioning the Tuscarora will proceed vis Sydney to Auckland, and run a line of soundings thence to Kandavu, to ascertain 'he feasibility of cable connection." At a public meeting at Redesdale on Friday, called to support the Ministeialists, an amendment was carried by ten to one in fivor of the Opposition, much to the consternation of the conveners of the meeting. A warm passage at arms to>k place between Mr M'Kean and Sir James M'Culloch on Tuesday night, " Don't be excited," the latter took occa sion to exclaim to the membe for Nor h Gippslantl. " I admit I can't take insultsis coolly as you can," retorted Mr M'Kean. " I ciuldn't take a man to my bosom who told me on th> floor of this House, and in the face of the public, that I had embezzled six hundred pounds of the public money. Meek ness like this is no part of my character." Nothing followed —A QC- rhe Kyneton Observer reports that on Wednes day evening Mr B. Ellis, landlord of the Royal Hotel, was standing in his bar, when a person came in to return a double barrelled gun which he had borrowed, holding the gun with the muzzle pointing towards Mr Ellis's head. " Put up that gun," the landlord exclaimed, and no sooner was the muzzle elevated than the gun went off, the shots penetrating the ceiling. The Belfast, Banner writes Sir Charles Gavan Duffy is a passenger by the P. and O. mail steamer which is due in Melbourne on the 7th March. We are told that it is Sir Charles' intention to again re-enter Parliament, and that on his arrival in the colony an influential requisition from the electors of Villiers and Heytesbury will be presented to him asking him to allow himself to be nominated for that cona'ituency on the first opportunity that may offer either by a dissolution of the House, or at the general election to be held in March, 1877. On Friday nigh', according to the Ballarat Post , a very serious accident befel a youthful emu lator of the Australian Blondin, named Patrick Murphy, about eleven years of age. He was pey- forming the dangerous feat of walking along the top rail of a fence, when one of his feet slipped, and he fell across the pickets, injuring himself so severely in the region of the abdomen that his recovery is anything bu' certain. The other night a woodcartcr living in Benalla, named Benjamin Phillips, got himself into a pre carious and very awkward fix whilst 'possum hunting in an old building formerly used as a slaughterhouse, at Mr Fleming's, near the Mel bourne road. The North Eastern Ensign reports that while following the sport among the rafters his foot slipped, and he must have fallen to the ground had he not got hung instead. Just under him was a- s> rone beam, on which were fixed several large meat hooks, and one of these, in the man's descent, caught him by the calf of his leg, pene trating through between the muscle and the bone, and thus securely held him, head downwards; The unfortunate fellow was roaring and calling for help nearly half an hour before the attention of Mr Fleming was attracted, he being in bed at the time. On being released from the hook Phillips was very weak, with a dreadful jagged wound through his leg. The Church of England Messenger says: — "The accounts of the Bisliop and Mrs. Perry continue to be in the highest degree satisfactory. Since they left this colony they appear to have enjoyed un broken health, and to find in various efforts, both in mission services and meetings, and on the com mittees of the great religious and benovelent I » tui co 1 1 Ilg ailU pf OIlt£LDl6 employment. In all their letters they speak with warm affection of the land they have left, and desire kind messages to individuals too numerous to be possible to deliver personally. The Geeiong Advertiser says :— " Small soles, similar to those caught in English waters, have from time to time been caught out here, but on Weduesday Mr G. Hiscox secured and exhibited a very fine fellow. It must have weighed close upon two pounds, and was as firm and plump as could be desired. Surely there must be plenty more where this was caugh'." The Telegragh says " Lady Bowen is not to be long absent from our shores. His Excellency the Governor stated, -at the Town-hall on Wednes day, that her ladyship was anxious to return to her 4 Australian Home,' and that she would be here as soon as . the new Government house was ready. His Excellency is informed that this will be in June next." A point with regard to the mode of appointing directors of mining companies was settled in the Ballarat County Court on Friday. The Star states that in November last the whole of the directors of the Prince of Wales Company were fundi officiis, and the manager, of his own motion, called a special general meeting on 9th December, for the election of directors. A full body of directors was elee'ed, and on the 14' h a call was made. To recover this call from a number of Melbourne shareholders the manager sued in the County Court. Mr Finlayson raised the defence that in accordance with the ruling of the Supreme Court and the Privy Council in the suit Garden Gully Company v M'Lister, the company could only be revived by calling an " extraordinary" general meeting of shareholders, in the manner prescribed by the rules, and the election of the whole body of the directors could not be effected at a " special general" meeting. The court held with this view, and, in the first case called, nonsuited the plaintiff, with costs. A telegram, we learn on good authority, has been received from London stating that in the appeal case O'Shanassy v Joachim the Privy Council had decided adversely to the appellant, Sir John O'Shanassy. The litigation, it will be remembered arose out of Mr Joachim selecting upon Sir John O'Shanassy's Moira run in Riverina, and the point of law raised was weather selection on behalf of infants was allowable under the New South Wles Land Act. The Supreme Court decided in the affirmative, and against the decision Sir John O'Shanassy appealed. The result places the defendant in full possession of the land selected.—? Age. The Bacchus Marsh Express reports that a snake was recently caught in a novel manner by Mr Myers, of the Pentland hills. He had been watch ing unsuccessfully for some days to get a shot at a snake which had been "seen to take refuge near the ki'cheu chimney, and at last bethought him that as snaaes are fond of mice he might catch the shake by baiting a fishhook with a mouse, although a dead one. Accordingly he placed a fishhook between t he fore legs of a mouse, and took the pre caution to fasten the string holding the fishhook to a piece of copper wire. The bait was placed where the snake was expee'ed to find it, and some time afterwards, on pulling the wire up, Mr Myers had the satisfaction of finding that a tiger snake be tween two and three feet long was firmly held by the fishhook, which was protruding near the tail. The Grey River Argus reports that during a heavy thunderstorm at Hokitika, a phenomenon of rare occurrence was seen. Hitherto St, Elmo's light is supposed by 6ome not to have beeu seen in New Zealand. However, it was distiuatly visible that evening, its situation being nothing grander than the top of a sapling used as a clothes post. St. Elmo's fire, it should be explained, is the popular name of an appearance sometimes seen, especially in Southern ciima'es, during thunderstorms, of a brush or star of light at the tops of masts, 9pires, or other pointed objects. It is sometimes ac companied by a hissing noise, and is evidently of the same nature as the light caused by electricity streaming off from points connected with an electrical machine. 