flfflrrtspflitdftttt. ( To the Editors of the Protestant Standard. ) Sirs, — I am constrained to write again on the subject of theunity of the Church in her action to accomplish God's end in the spread of Truth. I would endeavour to disabuse your mind, in what . I think is a misconceotion or misapprehension of what I said that this Church of God is. I don't believe I said, for I do hot believe, that the Sects are sinful more than what our Lord said when he was asked to forbid one who was casting out devils in His name, because he followed hot Him. Hothat is for us, is not against us for I thitak, ih.tKe Sects, there is a high .standard of Christianity ; but . I am assured; on spiritual grounds,; that there is a 'divisioncausedbythe Sects, which is a stumbling-block in the Christian world; and I think that the allusion and explanation of what: unity consists in (in the Standard ), is be side, and' different from, the unity I. 'insist, on. The admission that prelacy prevailedin/thc government of the Church for, even 400 years' after the. decease of : the. Apostles, goes very far itqjprdve the correctness of my assertion. First I would speak as to the definition of what/the Church is. It is simply an assembly ;.of 'persons, applied to an assembly of God'b fol lowers,' for Christian worship ; . it therefore is His body, for we-are members of HiB body, of His flesh, and of His bones, so "we being many are one body in Christ," Christians then in their assembly as one body, is the Church and I be lieve most of the Sects, assemble to worship God in spirit and in truth! and :we should' en deavour to keep the unity of tliat body as well as -spirits I would take a large ' view of the Church , of Christ to settle my meaning of. thif Church ; I must take the whole of God s Word, Old as-well as New Testament, for the Christian Church is merely an enlargement, and expan sion of the Church organised and settled under .the Jewish dispensation. We find that God ' gave minute and particular instructions as to the building, ceremonies; and sacrificial arrange ment of His Church, of the government, dress! and the distinctive people who were to minister ini that Church, the family of Aaron and Levites. ('Of course, this was only representative of the Christian Church, looking forward to the fulfil ment; as typical of rites, ceremonies, and sacri fices, under the Messiah, when the whole Gentile ; world wouldpossess all the privi'i escf the Jewish limited then but' now unlimited, " Jesus said the hour cometh when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem; worship the Father." Then after the spreading of the Gospel, Timothy being an associate with the Apostle, in his missionary labours, and when the Church was settled the Apostle left him at Ephesus, as overseer, to arrage the affairs of the Church at Ephesus. I don't find the shadow of evidence to show that Timothy ever resumed hiB .missionary labours. The Apostle pointed out with minute exactness his duties as overseer, exhibiting these duties as permanent oneB, therefore his office was to last as long as these duties. It would be very easy to establish this, but it would take many letters. Titus was ap pointed as overseer of the Church at Crete, over 100 cities, with precisely the same duties -laid upon him. I don't believe that it could be shown either from Scripture or history, that Timothy or Titus ever left their charge. Then we have the angels or overseers of the Apoca lyptic Churches, with exactly the same charge, the same duties which we may gather from the .blame and commendation of the performance or neglect of their duties, brought down upon them by God. Such were the Apostolic bishops or overseers, and such are the duties of bishops or overseers, in this day ; entrusted with extensive powers, and vested with rights exactly similar, /and claimed by our bishopB. And the fact thatthe Christian denominations have had their beginning within the last 300 years, is decisive as showing their breaking out into several branches was devised and carried out by their own spirit, not by the high com mand from heaven. "These be they that separate themselves, sensual, not having the Spirit," in other words, act upon the sugges tions of their own mind. Had the Church of Home continued as she was after the days of the Apostles, satisfied with their bishop and his appointed jurisdiction, and not usurp the position of the Pope, as universal bishop. Had the government of the- Church been left to the ordering of the bishops of the Church, and the civil government kept its' own place and interfered not with them, we would have no Sects or separation in the Church of Christ. St. Paul foresaw "these hurtful times." Also of your ownselves, shall men . arise speak ing perverse things to draw away disciples after them. Had the clergy of the Church acted .according to the Apostles charge, the Church of God would be now in a glorious state of felicity arid progress. " Take heed to yourselves, and to. all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God which He hath purchased with His own blood." I don't say that the Sects are not of the Church of Christ, for I do believe they are of the Chris tian Church, but the English Church is a branch of the Apostolic Church; and it is safer to .follow Christ in her fellowships being appointed to: God's mind. Ritualism, and Rationalism which are decidedly corrupt forms of Church ceremonies arid worship, and are no part of the Church, these corruptions in her say nothing against her. Idolatry and the most corrupt practices entered into the Jewish Church, yet we never find that there was ever any separa tions." They went out from us if they had been of us, no doubt they would have continued with us. Christ's servants in the Church must fight in her ranks, and not be cowards by sepa rating. : ! . . J am, yours faithfully. thomas o'dell. P-S.—tI would be glad that this letter was published, for although my q,ame was not men- tioned, yet the principle for which I contend was, and would request that it should, if you have rio objection. In the primitive days what rapid, advances the Christian Church was mak ing ; but when no division only but separation, then this wholesome movement met a severe shock, and the life in the Church became para lysed ; divisions were in the Church in the Apostle's days, but now separation. The go vernment of the Church of England, as a branch of the Apostolic Church, is not sinful or un- scriptural ; that being the case no man has any plausible reason for separation ; we should not separate, except sin.; of course we sepaiatefrom the Church of Rome, not because she is corrupt, but because she is Apostate, for corruptions will be in every form. Wesley saw these. days, and said 'that when his followers left the Church, God would leave them— language could riot ex press such a - violation stronger.. In. justice to the cause I espouse my sentiments should be published if lam right, and those who advo cate the contrary wrong, the world will be better not worse ; but if I am wrong, and those who. side with mcy.'and the contrary right, it receive: oh equi&jblblih; . JmCijf think that the! Christian world /should' he Jcft|'tp /exercise their .rational mindson a subject (that so/ nearly; concerns them ; this is God's yray ; He Will not,' confine' His Word/to a few; but act.- like the' Bereans. try and prove whether 'thrise are so. I think I will be able to arrange my affairs, so that I will be enabled to. continue subscriber. — TiCTDi V y-ith' A:-. - 