.YEA S81IRE COUNCIL. SThis 'coiuncila mot on the 7th intit., all the mombers being present. IThe :minutes of previous meetings were read and confirmed. Cr Purcell moved and Cr Taylor seconded That no duly certificated engineer having sent in an application for the office, as per adver tisomnont, and as it is necessary for tie council to have a person to carry out the works in thie shire, Mr J. Drysdale be appointed inspector of works at a sauhry of £90 per annum, the agreement to terminate by three months notice on either hide.-Carred, Cr Quinlan voting nagain-t. Cr Qutinlan mnoved-That the inspector of works visit all roads comprlined of ,is being in a bad state of repair, and call for tenders by next day of meeting to have. the most impassable places repaired.-Rejected. Moived by Cr Tay lor, seconded by Cr Purcell-'hi it tenders be called for a baidge over Mluddy Creek, near the Providlence, according to plans to be Ipropared by inspector of works, at a cost not to exceed £25. Carried. " The inspector of works was also instructed to report on the work neor llallidaly's, as mentioned in AIr Gray's letter, and the bridge referred to in i)ingle's letter; to draw out specifications and call for tenders for the fol lowing works at next meeting:-Eastern side of Cotton's Pinch, spring near Ml'Crystal's cultivation paddock, and gully on Yea side of Martin's sideling, going towards Alexandra boundary through IHugih Merry's selection; to report: nrr tihe culvert and sidlelings required on the Tall'riook road, an(t firing ifpl the plans at next meeting ; to call for te?dorll for bridge norir ,I'Gillivriy's. not to exceed £20, to be in by next ordinary mteriring; to visit thir UppIJ r Muddy Creek road, between Under wood's and Yea, report on the workl requirrid, uiol ipr?Leare plans and sli cibicatior ? ; to report on road going to al Corrrick'n, the road to AMi Kor's, :onl the road between David M' Loihi's and Nl'Int,shr's. Moved by Cr Quinlan.. enconded by Cr Pureoll--'That tihe Priesii(t and Cr Tnylor act on the railway deputOlit n at Melbourne on the 11 th inse.-Carried, Moved by Cr Pur'cell, seconlded by Cr Quinlan-That Sullivan and Jioh n tiac ie paidrf £10 as inrgres f payment on contract lt Miller's Flat.-Carried.' MRoved by Cr D. M'Leish, seconlhedl by the President---That tenders be called i'for to con struct thll roadl fromll tie Miuddy Creek to tllh Boundrry Creek, right through tlhe contro of the street.--Carrietd. ,lMoved by Cr Purcell, seconde0d( by Cr 'iTaylor-That trfleders be called by next day of meoting'f./rfncingr,in tihe now road lately surveyed by AIr Greig thrrough Mr lier's run on the township side of Cotton's Pinch. Carriod. ,º The Fakir of Oulu's " ghost" appeared in ,thp ;iolbourno ])istrict Court on Tuesday (says the khll'rgrape), when D)r Silvester wan sued by Mr Geary, wl.o described himself an a journilirst, for thn umin of £10,, the amount of" an alleged groellellnt for writinlg a ghost ntiece: f'or ther F tkir of (lols's entertainment' inow hIeln," pliroi't'iiledt at t: f eorgn's H ll. The plaintiff alleged that a ghost dramlna hle lhad written, entitled "Goldien DIriines, of the Fortune-hunter foiled," had been accepted by tilre ?iakir, but, had not been pe rformed. For .tihe ddfence evidencib was adduced showing thlat although it had been surggested to AMr Genry thhit ihe might write a drumn for the glhostrbusiness, and that if it proved suitable ho would bie fririv remunerated, still hie had not been commissioned to produce the drama .in ;question, nor had it been subsequently accepted, iThe biench took this view of the case.i and dsmiensed . the plaint with two guineas costs:, Accounts on hand at the Receipt and 'Pay Ofitce, Alxanndra:-- . ,I W; illiamn:Dodd S. Silvester Trennedy ,.'t f: ' 7 'JohmnWylie , 