SOCIETY &. PERSONAL ? 4 ? MODERN CONVERSATION. It is an observation that has been repeated literally ad nauseam that die halcyon days of letter-writing are past and gone, and that correspondence, dwarfed by the penny post and the electric telegraph, bids fair soon to become one of the extinct arts. This is certainly true : those among us oil enough to recollect the days when a letter was a matter of some cost not to be entered upon unadvisedly can con t ast the lengthy, chatty, and well-written epistles with which we were then familiar with the hasty scrawls con taining the fewest possible words with which alone tbe young people of the day deign to honour us, when indeed thev do not find a telegram more convenient. But tie penny post will not account for the loss of another art, which, as it seems to us, is in' nearly as imminent peril : we mean that of conversation. To listen to the conversation, if by such a name it can indeed be dignified, of the young people of the day is, to any one who has accidentally been absent from London for even one season, to listen to an un known tongue. Ordinary English is almost entirely eschewed by these young persons, who discourse in a jerky and disjointed manner in an argot of their own, com pounded apparently of contributions frorn^ the turf, the stable, and the vocabulary of the street Arabs, interspersed with ejaculations from Punch and telling morceauz from topical songs in broad burlesques. You may listen if you choose ; but if you fail in the shibboleth you will find your self calmly ignored and left to comprehend or not, as the case may be. But it is not only the manner, it is also the matter of the discourse, that is somewhat appalling- to a re flective mind. Disregard of the refinements of the English language and contempt for the commonest restrictions of grammar arc bad enough, but the throwing to the winds of every vestige of decency or reserve is far worse, and it is to this state of things that we are ap proaching with rapid strides. Subjects which .should not be, eo much as. named or even alluded to in the presence of ladies are now common topics of conversation' before the yougest girls, nay are often introduced by them, in ignorance, let us charitably hope, of- their tni9 meaniog. Formerly a married woman of many years1 standing would have blushed hotly and have considered that a gentleman had positively, insulted her if he had referred to divorce cases and other cognate esclandre*. Now the rule seems to be that anything may be said to any one; and women ap pear to be positively ashamed of not knowing every detail of the most unsavoury ecandal, instead of, as should be the case, being hotly indignant at such things being re ferred to in their presence. _ It proceeds from the low opinion which men now entertain of women, and which they are at small pains to conceal, though they often veil it carelessly and half contemptuously under exaggerated compliment. And to what is this low opinion due ? Chiefly to the conduct of the young married women, who.empty-heady and foolish, think it very dull to be treated with proper defer ence and respect, and encourage doubles cntendres and abandon all womanly dignity for the sake of attracting round them an ostentatious court of fast men, who treat them almost en camarade to their faces, and sneer at them and pity their husbands behind their backs. Even in these free-and-easy days a man is generally quite keen enough to appreciate at once the sort of woman to whom he is talking, and there is but little danger of his commencing a doubtful story without some decided encouragement. The girls have caught the infection from the fast young married women, and endeavour to emulate them in freedom of conversation, jealous of the manner in which their partners are ruthlessly lured away from them, and eager to be quoted as exceptions to the dictum of tbe day that 'girls are so heavy in hand.' And their mothers, who should be wiser, are weak enongh to argue that it is the fashion ; that if their girls arc quiet and dignified they will be voted prudish and slow, and it will diminish their chances of marriage. Indeed, bo great is the force of custom that topics of conversation that would once have appalled them now appear perfectly natural, and they 'see no harm' in their giils talking like others. But even in a purer atmosphere, where the taint of the fast set has not as yet penetrated, conversation, though free from indelicacy, is still liable to the indictment of being probably slang and certainly inane. Polo and 'rinking,' linking and polo — on these the changes arc rung ad infniluni ; while it is surely a development peculiar to modem days to hear young men gravely discussing toilettes in all their details with the keenness of appreciation formerly believed to be peculiar to milliners. . . . The reason of the frivolity of general discourse is not difficult to discover: deeper subjects require to be read about and thought over, and the young people of _the,day would grudge an hour to what taey would consider such uninteresting pursuits. Formerly a girl who knew nothing' that was goiog on in the world beyond her immediate circle of friends and round of amusements would have been con-, eidered exceptionally ill-informed: it was expected of her that she should be able to converse at least on such simple subjects, for instance, as the Io3s of the Deutecbjand, the tragedy of the Mosel, the Malay war, or even the result of the last election that may have taken place. Now, unless the information is imparted to her by her partners in the ballroom or the skating-rink, she knows nothing whatever of what is passing around her, save indeed the newest piece of scandal or the last-announced marriage. She has no time, even if ehe possessed the inclination ; in London those morning hours that once afforded at least the possi bility of quiet reading and intellectual growth have been ruthlessly swept away by the Juggernautli of Fashion and crushed beneath the wheels of the Plimpton skate; in the country she is walking with the sportsmen, even if she herself does not shoot, .riding to hounds, rowing in the nearest piece of water when the weather is warm, or skat ing upon it when frost confines the hunters to their loose boxes. Naturally Btte is too tired for any literature deeper than a light and probably fast novel to prove attractive to her: and, indeed, if physical fatigue did not insure this result, the incesBant excitement of tbe life would' have much the same effect. If the muscles of the body are left long unused they teiome stiff and comparatively useless ; at least as much may be said for the power of the mind. If day after day and* week alter week girls are allowed to live in an incessant whirl of dissipation, never opening a book graver than a novel, and seldom reading even that, never speaking of auy subject deeper than the last skating1 fall, the next polo-match, or the. most re markable dress of the day, what hope is there that their brains will ever mature into the capacity for better things ? Bather, will they not go on from bad to worse, and having, by talking of nothing but frivolity, lost the power re quisite for graver subjects, soon recruit the number of those who derive the stimulus required by their jaded palates from the more than doubtful topics to which we re ferred at the commencement of this article ? — The Worlds The Pkoper Way to Waltz. — The gentleman ap proaches the lady by offering his left hand— one au fait will at the same time make a slight inclination or half bow. The lady places her right hand in that of .the gentleman, - who then extends his right arm in a direct line to the side, the forearm bent so as to form an acute angle. In this angle the lady will place herself with the centre line of the person opposite the line of the gentleman's right side, both persons on parallel lines, not forming an angle. In this position each will be looking over the other's right shoulder, and by the lady turning' her head slightly to the left the effect of the group will be greatly improved, and prevent all possibility of taking each other's breath. The lady places her left hand, hooked, upon the gentleman's right shoulder, the fingers appearing in front. The right hand of the gentle man should rest very gently upon the lady's back, as near the waist as possible, so as not to remove tlie upward pres sure of the elbow diiectly under the lady's shoulder, as this is the lady's support, and must be held with sure but gentle firmness. The hand on the back should rest very lightly, and on every possible occasion be slightly raised, so that the air may pass between, as in some 'cases the close contact induces perspiration, and may leave its mark upon the lady's dress. Both persons should be slightly bent for ward, from the hips upwards, so that the shoulders may be only three or four inches apart, but the distance increasing downward ; this leaves both parties free, so that any con tact of person or knees may oe avoided as a most serious mistake. The gentleman's left hand holding the lady's right should be extended downward in a line with the body, the hands three or four inches distant from the person, the arms forming a gentle curve from the shoulders downward. No weight is placed upon this arm ; all the guiding and changes must be governed by the elbow under the lady's. It will be found that this grouping will be perfectly modest in appearance, no more contact of person occurring than in a lidy'a taking a gentleman's arm for walking. In conclu sion, let it be remembered that purity of thought and action may be as conspicuous in waltzing as in any other situation of life : that the gross waltz grossly, the vicious viciously, the refined and innocent innocently and in a refined manner, and that it is not reasonable to confound the use with the abuse.— Allen Dodwokth in the Some Journal. Ckixbse Svperstftios. — A host of superstitions find a home in China. Nearly all of the Chinese are fatalists — believers in inevitable destiny. They take no precautions against fire, even in towns built of wooden houses, and made up of narrow streets ; if houses are to be burned, they Bay, they will be ; if not, what ie the use of taking any care to prevent what will never happen? They have great confidence in fortune-tellers and ' wise people,' who, like their fra ternity all over the world, promise good in an exact ratio to the amount of money they get; and, as 'male progeny, official employment, and loag life' are the three greatest blessings a Chinese can possibly desire, these in varying degree are the good fortunes predicted to the dupes who visit the clairvoyant. Charms, talismans, and euchukeare hung up in every house, and are firmly trusted in, especially by the Taquiste, who are more superstitious than the rest of their countrymen. They dread the wandering ghosts, or spirits of people who have come to a bad end. When the Europeans first came to China, mothers pointed them out as high-nosed, fair-haired demons, who had wandered far from home. Hence the-term yet applied, though not in the same significance- or even bitterness aB' before, fan Kucsi, ' foreign devil,' ' spirit,' or ' ghost,' to all Europeans. ' Demoniacal possession' is relat.dof many persons, the demons having entered into them, and made them play furious pranks on those whom they disliked. — The Maces of Mankind. . ... ?Thb-Gift --f the Gab.— Totnake a goo3 aftor-ninner ' speech requires a special talent. A man may be eloquent on paper and ready and witty among his friends, but the moment lie rises to propose a toast or to return thanks he generally manages to make a mess of it. Thackeray could not do it; his nervousness quite overcame him. Theodore Hook, with all his rattle in private, was a failure. Even Jeffrey felt at sea, and Fronde is insipid. Dickens was an exception : he was always ready, always bright and at his ease ; and when he could be secured was the best chairman any cause or committee could find. Dining has become one of our recognized modern institutions ; and, as no public dinner is complete without its accompaniment of epeech makim:, it follows that there is not even a provincial com munity which cannot boast of its local orators. Any country newspaper will give us an idea of the nature of the utterances of many who believe their forte to be an ability to talk, and who are always ready to discharge their wind-bags at ' Mr. Chairman ' and the reporters. No municipality is more profuse and ostentatious in its hospitality, or more frequently honoured with the presence of guests of distinction, than that of the metropolis. Yet even of this greatest of diidng bodies it has, alas, been said that ' the good things of the Corporation, as a rule, are those that go in at the mouth, and not those which come out of it.' When so many are given to talking, how rare it is to find a g'od listener! To listen agreeably and en couragingly is not a mere negative quality. It is an art as much as talking is ; but it is little understood, and much less practised. A good listener evinces intelligence, and manifests an air of respectful attention. Even if Le has previously heard the narrative, or is familiar with the know ledge that is being imparted, he exhibits a certain amount of interest. Let him tell us the dilficulty of this acquire ment who has tried to practise it on all occasions, however uninteresting the communication and however tiresome -' the speaker. Uneducated people ex perience considerable difficulty in expressing their ideas fluently and connectedly. They are guarded in their choice of words, eometimes from a fear of rudeness, but generally from a natural reticence or diffidence. They ex press their feelings in an artless way, and of ten convey their impressions more suggestively by their simplicity than if they aspired to grammatical precision. Have you ever ob served the courtship of a couple in the humbler walks of life P You in similar circumstances would discourse with out an effort, to an interested listener, on literature or 6entiment or the topics of che day. For lack of the resources which training and education supply, they ex Mbit toeirAttachment by playfulness, and innocent dwer gion — by, pushing, or pulling, or chasing, or ^teasing, itttb. the accompaniment of laughter and screaming; and all this is to them as natural anu as mutually enjoyable as intellectual conversation is to more fortunate individuals who possess the gift of the gab.— Tinsley's Magazine. Leap Yeab Anomalies.— The danoe called ? the ' Ger man,' lately in vogue in America, teams already to have teen superseded by the ' Leap-year German,' an invention, as tfie name suggests, of the year 1876. A ' Ladies' Leap- ?? year German Club '- has been formed at Washington, and has already given its first ball, which we find described as & 'novel and agreeable affair.' t(Novel' it certainly must have been, as one may see from the merest sketch of what, took place. The invitations having been issue! by a com mittee of ladies, the gentlemen who profited by them were not admitted to the hall unless escorted by a ' chaperon.' After a couple of hours had been spent in dancing round and square dances, the ' German' ' (apparently a form of the cotillon), to which the entertainment owes its name, was commenced under the leadership of two ladies; and hi ^ less than an hour the ladies found that it was not bo pleasant to play .the gal lant after all. The. gentlemen are said to have pro vided themselves with lace handkerchiefs, 'which they would provoktngly .drop, when their partners had to pick them up.' They had, moreover, to be 'fanned and sup plied with seats, given glasses of water, and, more than all, fed.' An eye-witness who describes the scene deolares that ' it was not an easy task.for a lady, partner to obtain ices ? or jellies at a crowded table, and take them to the man of her choice;' and that 'when she reached the seat where she had left him it was perhaps vacant.' A series of 'Leap-year Germans' is said to be contemplated. But . the humour of the thing can scarcely Jaat for an entire twelvemonth ; and if the worst comes to the worst we may hope that it will die out with the year which has seen this unlovely style of entertainment come into, existence. The stern brevity of the dialogue, reported by telegraph, between General Grant and Mr. Belknap, is impressively tragical. The Secretary of War, making a clean breast of it to the President^-when the '.l. enemy' had got hold of damaging information — said, mournfully, *' I wish I had killed myself,' an observation which was met with the stony-hearted reply, ** I wish you had.' It is to be feared that General Grant is infected with ssmething of Lord Palmerston's robust scepticism about the bona fides of , attempted or threatened suicides following discreditable dis closures. In Mr. Ashley's ' Life of Palmerston ' a letter is quoted in which the Foreign Secretary, as he then was, asked LordNormanby, the Ambassador in Paris.for informa tion about the attempted suicide of M. Teste, the Minister of Public Works under M JJnizpJk. JlcXfiSteJiadheen detected in~ receiving 'bribesTior a ealt-mine concession from General Cubieres, and whUe proceedings against him were pending he created a sensation by discharging a pistol, f so close to his breast, however, that the ball did not penetrate, but fell to the ground, leaving only a bruise.' Lord jPalmerston writes to Lord Normanby: — 'Did you think. Tests' s at tempted suicide was a reality, or anything got up for effect ? It looks like ike latter. In former time3, a Sir William Meadows, in our service, was brought into trouble about some affairs of the same kind which had happened in India,. and he discharged a pistol at his own head ; the ball grazed. his forehead, and friends who heard the report rushed in anct found him bathing bis forehead in cold water ; and he said* in reply to inquiries, that he had an affair of honour with* himself, and having stood the shot he declared himself satisfied.' 