OUR i ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our ownCorrespondent.) Adelaide, December 9. ; ? The great-'go . of the .week has been the Ministerial visit to Port Pirie and other coast ing ports: Mr. Coglin originated the trip, but at the last moment declined to go. Whether from any compunctions of conscience because lie .had inveigled the. Ministry into incurring such an ex - pedition, or; because he found the money was to be taken out of the Loan Fund, or because he ?was afraid-of sea sickness, I can't say. Many other' members, too, followed his example, and abstained, from. : The representatives from the Upper House was more thtui from the lower House; but the party was large "enough to be comfortable, I expect. Tlie! Bteamer, large as she is, could not accommodate more than a certain number at table, and as the weather was peculiarly fine there would nave had to be two relays if the full compliment originally expected'had .been there. The first great object of the excursion was to open the Port Pirie and Gladstone railway, and wlien this was dpnc there was of course the usual luncheon and speechifying. In reply to the toast of the Ministry-Mr. Colton made the following re marks, .which have an interest beyond the district in which he was speakingHe could honestly say. that he believed the colony was never in a more sound and health/ state than at present. (Cheers.) Though some farmers might have comparatively small crops they would be prepared to grapple with those little difficulties because during the last three or four years they had bad a succes . sion of !*ood crops. He was well known to be a man of fe\y words, and he had been called re ticent. Well, he had learned to be reticent when lie thought that was tlie proper couiSe to adopt, and he would also say that if he found it necessary to speak for a minute and say very little he adopted that course. (Laughter.) But when lie felt it necessary to speak in tlie House of Assembly to the country and express the policy of the Government he did so-(laughter) as a public man. He knew he was constantly open to criticism, but he must confess he had had his share-indeed the lion's share of it. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He did not object ' to. honest criticism on the part of the Press; _ but when there was an animus, and when pub lic men were referred to in the way .they had been of late, such criticisms were beneath a free and independent Press. It was well known that .the present Ministry was a Ministry of action. They did not take credit for preparing all the measures passed during the session. Many of them they found partly ready, but they were in a crude state. When they took office they made them ready to present to Parliament, and many of them had become law. Indeed he believed that no previous session of Parliament had been . so prolific and successful as the last. (Cheers.) He had been told that he was expected to say something to them about the future policy of I the Government. (Hear, hear.) He did not think they were prepared for it yet. (Laughter.) The Government were now enjoying the sweets of recess. (Laughter.) So far as his ownex _ perience was concerned he had known very little of those sweets. Perhaps he might do so here . after-(laughter and cheers)-but when there were so many public works of importance to be carried out, he intended to carry them out with out any unnecessary delay. He did not look forward to enjoying much ease. Indeed, he felt that the Government had now a greater re sponsibility resting on them than when they met Parliament during the session, as they had now to do their utmost to administer for the \- "weilbeing of the colony the measures which had been passed. (Cheers.) He had already ordered by telegraph from England-thus taking advantage of a favorable market-14,000 tons of rails for four of the railways for which Bills had been passed. (Cheers.) Of this quantity 5,000 tons were steel rails for the Kapunda and Burra and Hallett lines, and 9,000 tons were for the extension of the line they had opened that day, " and for the line in the South-East. (Cheers.) The Government expected to meet difficulties in their endeavours to carry out the public works with the utmost vigor, but they looked forward to people to help them. (Loud laughter.) He had of late been continually increasing the staff of draughtsmen and engineers, who were of j " course required in large numbers when public works were being so rapidly extended. He had been greatly pleased that day with the^ country through which lie had passed, and especially with that on that side of Crystal Brook. He believed with His Excellency that the line opened that day would be one of the best arid perhaps most reproductive we had constructed or could con struct. (Cheers.) He would do all he could to make the line pay working expenses, and also something towards interest on capital. (Hear, hear.) He was trying to do this now, and should do so in the future. The line which had been opened that day was an admirably finished one, and though it had cost more than was anticipated it must be borne in mind that there had been unusual difficulties in con nection with the labour required. The line itself was beautifully smooth. He believed that the 3 ft. C in. gauge would answer well for this part of the country, and as far as possible the two gauges should of course be kept separate. He felt that the Port Pirie and Gladstone Rail way would at no distant date be connected with the Port Augusta line northwards, and would ultimately go on to the Northern Territory. (Cheers.) The 5 ft. 3 in. gauge would have to be used to the eastward in opening up the Barrier Ranges. (Hear, hear.) He would re peat that he looked upon the line opened that day as the commencement of au overland line which would at some future time connect us with the Northern Territory, which had hither to been a sort of white elephant, but which he lioped would eventually prove a great country, and would fully repay South Australia for what she had spent on it. (Hear, hear.) He had been perfectly astonished by what he had seen that day-by the thousands of people who had assembled at Gladstone. In conclusion, he would only add that the Government would from what had passed that day be stimulated to make still greater exertions to carry out what they deemed to be for the general benefit of the people of South Australia. (Cheers.) From Port Pirie the party proceeded to Port Augusta and Wallaroo; and they are not expected back till Monday night. Altogether they seem to have a most jolly time of it-at the country's expense. Mr. W. V. Smith is resting composedly in Her Majesty's ? gaol. It is reported that he js occupying the selfsame cell as Malachi Martin and other murderers spent their last moments in ; and the Portmiian has made a cartoon out of the circumstance. It represents the condemned lawyer as lying on a bare stretcher, and startled from his slumbers by the ghost of Eidgway and other departed murderers, who put the following question" to him :-" What! are you too a ; murderer soon to join our baud in Hades ?" To this lie replies with visible alarm, "No, I'm a i barrister at law, cast into this villainous dungeon for daring to give publicity to the rumours of years." But the appearance of the cell, which is made to look miserable in the extreme, gives a totally wrong impression of its actual condition. I am told that the apartment is comfortably, if not luxuriously furnished. There is a carpet on the floor, curtains round the bed, and all the other etceteras calculated to create comfort rather than misery. Then, too, the victualling is quite up to the garniture of the room.. As to the rcccrche wines that are sent to the inmate they are beyond my ken ; but I know that lie is visited by some spirits who would not be satisfied with anything commonplace. Altogether with literature to while away the time, and an ample stock of Havannas to assist digestion, Mr. Smith's position must be one of clover, aud he will come out of his cell, I expect, a fatter, a wiser, and a more popular man than ever. Already he has done something to touch the sympathy of the mass by sending a cheque for £2 to the family of Mrs. Straker, ; whose husband was drowned in the Botanic Park Creek a week or two ago. This act looks : so thoughtful and can he practised to such an extent (this lawyer in prison thinks of others' misery besides his own, etc.) that people are ; perforce carried away by the touching episode. This probably has helped to swell the signatures winch have been subscribed to the memorial pray > ing for his release, for I am told that already over 4,500 colonists have appended their names to the petition. It is furthermore reported that the lawyers are getting up a separate memorial, ^ which the profession alone will sign. With such attentions, such sympathy, and such popularity, : "t |hjnk ipaiiy Would like to exchange placep with Mf.'W. V- Smith. t The Council of the University have rejourned their ill-timed resolution to extend the time for receiving '< designs7 for the ' new ' buildings to January, 1877, and liave adhered to their deter mination-on the 8th December-not to receive any after December 1. This is a kind of bull which only the Registrar, who hails from the Emerald:lsle, "can I expect explain ; hut it may lead to some i awkward complication. Suppose any designs came in between Jlio lt-i and 8th of December, will tliey be rojecte«l? - If so will not the cpmpetitors have soine claim on the Council for misleading them. It is a treble blunded,: and should lead people to think before they act: * ' Haverybu seen the new postal cardsP They were''first isstl'ed on Thursday last, and -there was. a great rush for them. Tradesmen wanted them for business purposes, and private people wanted them for a variety of funny purposes. You would be amused could you read a few ;of them. , I. saw some aud was greatly tickled. One ranr thus How are you, old bufferP Mind and keep the dinner hot;" 'Another said '1 The English mail is wrecked near Norwood. The bishop has got the toothache. . Don't fret." A third contained the followingBeefsteaks for two, underdone. Be home at six. Don't flurry." And so on. The letter-carriers will bless the day when postal cards were introduced, for they will now have an eternal Valentine's day. ? 