LOCAL AND GENERAL, j LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE CONVENT OF MERCY, YASS. j On Sunday last u vory large oongrogntion as- i somblod in St. Augustine's Church, Yass, in- i eluding many Catholics from neighbouring towns ! as well as several persons connected with other i religious denominations, in order to witness tho ! ceromony of blessing tho foundation of tho Con- vent of Mercy, about to bo erected on a site be- ' tweon the church and girls' school, and facing | Moehan-stroet. Tho Right Rov. Dr. Lanigan, j tho Bishop of tho diocoso, was prosent at Ma9s, which was celebrated by the Rev. P. J. O'Keeffo, I tho respoctod clergyman of the district. The ; other clergymen in attendance wore tho Rov. ! Fathers Dillon (of Camden), Dunne (of Burrowa), and Gallaghor (of Goulburn). Tho Rov. Fathor j D. O'Dwyor, who is associatod with tho Rev. I Father O'Keefl'e in the pastoral charge of tho Yass district, was not prosent, as the rev. gon- I tlomnn had previously to procood to Camden to I otficiato thore in tho absence of tho Rev. Fathor i Dillon. | His Lordship the Bishop announced that, as it j threatened to rain, th'e'sormon would be preached i in tho church, and tho collection mado as tho congregation left the building, Ho (the Bishop) would then procood to bless tho foundation of the convent. On the termination of Mass, Tho Rev. Fathor Dillon stood in front of tho altar, and delivorod the following able and lengthy address : — If thou wilt bo perfect sell ell thou best end give to tho poor, end thou shell have treasure in heaven, end come follow me.— M.vrr. xix., 21. May it please your lordship, rovorond and bo- loved brethren— Thoso words of our blessed Lord vory aptly, we shall see further on, illustrate the nature of the good work for the furtherance of which we are now assembled, and in aid of which it is ray duty to speak to you to-day. But before entering more closely upon it, thore aro a fow things which from circumstances I feel con strained to say. In tho first place it gives mo great pleasure indeed to meet now, upon an occasion of joy, a congregation it happonod to bo my lot to meet onco before upon an occasion of sorrow. It was, I can never forgot it, an occasion of a holy and a generous sorrow, the sorrow of a desolate flock for one they loved, for one in every respect kind hearted, generous, and good — their pastor — whom doath had taken while yet the promise of his life wns brightest, and their hopes of his future were highest. It was, if ever thore was, a season for pardonable tears and for prayers — and tears and prayers came abundantly — and I cannot meet you now and spenk to you upon any subject without first thanking you for what you then did to honour tho moraory of tho companion of tny youth — tho sharer of the blessod years of my preparation for the priesthood — nor stand so near his oarly grave without a reforence to his memory, still living, still dear, and a prayor for his soul — " Eternal rest grant to him, O Lord, and lot perpetual glory and light shine upon him." And, passing from this subject, so full of calm, sad, holy memories, upon which I would fain linger longer did circumstances permit, I must also say that while it gives me on all occasions great I happiness to witness the wonderful works done in this diocese of Goulburn, and as to-day, nt tho invitation of his lordship, your belovod and venerated Bishop, and of your zealous pastor, to take an humble part in eithor the inception or the completion of these works, it givos me more than ordinary pleasure to seo so many, despite forbidding weather, now present (when being present mean3 generous determination to make willing saorifico for one of the most beneficent and blessed works of religion, by which the cause of Christ, our God and Saviour, is sus tained and advanced upon the earth.) With the nature of that work I know you are already familiar; for what Catholic in the land has not heard of tho generous warmth of your welcome to those humble but angelic beings who, at the call of your Bishop, and with the one desiro of furthering in distant lands the service and glory of God, have left, and for ever, the home of their fathers, the land of tho pure and of the poor, of the fervent and of the faithful, where grace is prizod above gold, and the soul's interest above everything, the land of St. Ida and St. Brigit, where their hsbit was hold in reverence and themselves in benediction, to come to the land of the stranger, where many knew them not, and many worse than knew them not, that they might bless and sanctify and save it, that your children may reap all the benign boly influences that surrounded your own infancy in Ireland, that your daughters may rival the fame of their sisters in - Erin, whose dowry is not in riobes, but in a virtue that places thsm far, far above all. the earth in the perfection of true Christian womanhood, and that the faith of your fathers may continue in your exile tho heirloom of your blood. All this you know, and therefore the wish that tho blessing of the coming of these good religious people may be permanent among you, and permanent in a manner worthy of them nnd of yourselves, and of the sacred cause where with they are identified, thorofore the resolution that upon this spot, and forming wi.th this com modious tomple and with the schools that cluster round it, anothor ornament to your town, anothor benefit to its people, the holy peaceful convent should arise, whore sanctified inmates by lives of poverty, penance, purity, and prayor may bring the blossings of hoavon upon all this neighbourhood, and by unremitting labour in deods of charity for tho sick and tho afflicted, the dose rted and the orphan, the ignorant and even the fallen, of every class and creed — for the generosity of'tho convent is not confined toclasB or croed— continue tho sweot reign of Gospel benovolenco for many generations, wo may hope oven to tho end of time. It is a blessed thing to see the oneness of purpose, tho affectionate filial union subsisting everywhere in this dio cese botweon bishop, priests, and people, as causes such works as this to arise r.ot only here but everywhere in thiB diocoBo; and if there be anything Lhut can add to the consolation of any true Catholic beholding such unity and aelf- sncrifico, it is to see tho generous co-operation and assistance which you hero receive from such of your neighbours who differ from you in reli gion, but not in charity ; and who, rising superior to the efforts of misrepresentation, despite tho power of prejudice, despite the slander nnd the snoor, see and confess to tho evident good done by Catholic religious, the renlity of charity, the omnipotence of well doing, the horoism of zeal. Honour to such noble natures wherever they are found, and, Buroly, if ever thore was an occasion when their generous sympnthy and assistance Bhould not be forgotten, it is hero and now, for it should evor be rornemberod that if we are to-dny, and with such hope, attempting tho building of a convent in Yoss, it is largely owing to tho zeal and generosity of? ono who belonged to Y'ass, and who, whilst exorcising his zeal and generosity, was not a Catholic, but had nevertheless that Catholicism of charity in his heart which impelled him, whenover possible, to do good to his fellow men. Like many anothor, ho was deprived of the light of faith by circnmstancos over which ho had no control, and for which ho was not re sponsible; but. ho was a man of observation and of thought, and of oxtendod reading, and ho loved to think of that religious grandeur over which the pon of his earliest friend, Sir Walter Scott, throw, though perhaps unwittingly, such a halo of historic magnifioence, and which now, even now, causes the learned in Scotland, though no longer Catholic, to linger with lovo and describe without Btint the departed glorios of every ancient fnno of their once great Catholic fatherland from Joan of the Kings to chiselled Newstend on tho Bordor. But it was not the mere poetry of the past that took hold of hira, for though ho had lovo in his heart, he had honour and probity in his soul, and ho had, if ever man had, that koenness of perception, that Dusinoss talent, tnat power ot discriminating between tho reality and the sham, which enabled him to bocome tho architect of a groat fortune, and tho father, I may say, of this town and dis trict. Ho loved to do good silently and unseen, with tho generosity of a princely heart ; yet ho was never known to be munificent without judg ment, or to permit his bounty to reach objects unworthy of it, and it is now known that during the many years of his life,s pent as a consistent Protestant, his bounty was munifioent and cease less to every convent in the Australins. There is not ono of thorn, and they — thank God ! aro of lato years many — his largo donations did not roach, and roach often, in most instances ; and I cannot myself help now calling to mind that when first I mot him hero, and when I had no reason to regard him as different in any Bense from tho other kind-hearted, liboral, Protestant gontlemenl then met with, whosympathisedmuch with the bereavement of their Catholic neigh bours, and really lamented tho fine, open-hoarted, opon-handad young clergyman whom' they lovod in life, yot I wus so astonished at the anxiety ho displayed for a Catholic convent in Y'ass, and at tho vivid description ho gave mo of Catholic religious in the present and ia the past, and of th3 good thoy, abovo all others, were capabto of nffecting for humanity, that I havo never for gotten it. . It appenrod to mo that instead of being in any way prejudiced by tho vulgnr tirades against monks and nuns, and the con stant misrepresentations of thorn with which English litorature abounds, nnd with which ho was familiar from his childhood, tho whole chivalry of his nature rose in defence of thorn, whon, by living oxperionoe, and by the study of reliable history, ho know them to bo assailed as unjustly as they were assailod persistently ; and, exorcising thnt independence of judgment for which he was remarkable, he ranged himself un flinchingly by tho side of a cause ho doomed righteous, and all tho moro to be defended be cause it was virulently assniled. He dosired a convent in Yass beoauso he loved Yass, and consequently he desired a permanent endowment for all tho needs of Yass, where charity may soonost and safest and with the least danger of waste reach tho objocts deserving of it, and bo administorod by willing, holy hands, that would not permit a crumb of it to go astray. The zeal and good fortuno of your Bishop enabled him to soo tho good sistorhood hero far sooner than he expected, but not sooner than necessary to gladden him before ho was ealled away. When I consented to como bore, it formed, I must say now, nt least one portion of my anticipated plensuro, that I should meet with him (for I was always glad to meet him), and congratulate him to-day upon tho speedy completion of tho work he lovod ; but, as I had to say here once before, "he thnt I had expected to meet wnrm in life I am come to mourn dead." But, oh 1 my brethren, not to mourn as those that have no hope. The fast friond of so many of God's purest and holiest on earth could never pass without the fulness of benediction and tho prayers that went up from so many of the spouses of Jesus Christ, and the sacrifices that were ofi'ered by so many of God's ministers for him did not nssend to heaven in vain. In tho shadows of death, when earth is lonst and the future iB most to the dying Christian, tho brightness of tho truth, whose beauty he always loved and whose interests he always supported, burst in full flood upon hira. Ho confessed the faith, he called for God's minister, and, receiving all the consolations and sncraments of tho Catholic Church, he passed to eternity. Oh, happier far than to see you here giving hundrods to-day for the cause you lovod is it that we can instead thus publicly say, God rest your soul, Thomas Laidlaw 1 It were well, my brethren, for the world if all held the views in this oountry regarding religion, and their utility for humanity, as Mr. Laidlaw did, and as hundreds do, as liberal and as discri minating as he was; but unfortunately we are yet far from this happiness. For over a thousand years in Great Britain, and from the days of St. Patrick to our own, religious houses were esteemed the greatest blessing a nation could possess. But siuce the time when Henry the Eighth suppressed all monasteries, scattered thoir inmates, seizod upon their wealth, and gave over their lands to his infamous followers, there baB been a strong interest in the nation to exoite, and to keep public opinion excited, against religious and thoir re-establishment for purposes certainly easy enough to divine on the part of those enriched by their property, whether clerical or lay. Declamation against religious houses has become a habit in the land, and what was first but the ruse of interested politioianB has become the stock in trade of fanatics, until every ohildish, filthy, and impossible absurdity is believed about monks and nuns. To this day we have always one or two members in the Imperial Parliament who yearly provoke the laughter of the country by their frenzy about the re-establishment of convents, and with ourselves — though strange to say, no such' things have for yoars disgraced tho pross of England. We havo n portion of our colonial press half atheistic, half blasphemous, half all fifth, which vomits its weokly poison into many houses in Australia, and is never happy but when it has some foul in vention to cast at monks end nuns. We have to tako our account of this especially when we know that persistent lying without antidote may with us produce some catastrophe like that of tho burning down of the convont at Boston somo yoars ago, through what everyone now knows to bo the lying fabrications of Maria Monk. The atrocious oalumnios of that unfortunate woman, and hor worse accomplice, wore believed us gospel truth by millions, and tho inventions of foul novelists and tho scarcely worso inventions of tract writers continue to be believed, no matter how absurd on tho fnco of them thoir stories may seem. It is tho old wisdom of the unscrupulous enemy, "throw plenty of filth, some of it is sure to fuston." Tho world, I admit, may bo getting too onlightenod to be easily caught now by this coarsonoss nnd want of reason. Men of culturo disdain it, but thon, my brethren, wo must romembor thore is n conrso of reasoning, a kind of politica'-sconomy-philo.-' sophy, used against religious which doos far mope real injury. We havo reasons urged ngoinst tho withdrawal of so ranny from repro ductive labour, and from the burdens of the State: the injury to tho oommonwoulth by tho institution of celibaoy ; tho impolicy of mortifica tion, and over mnch prayer ; tho danger of " monnstic idleness," as tho cant phraso has it, nnd, finally, the idea, without a reason, that tho " progress of the nineteenth contury," what ever that means, is of a kind not to bo benefited by the " effete " monastic macbinory which had its day in tho middle ages. All those arguments, so often reiterated, poison and prejudice tho public mind and pormit unscrupulous politicians to pnrsuo the work of convent spoliation, com menced by Henry tho Eighth without interrup tion. The ancient convents have already fallen in Spain, Portugal, Franco, and Switzerland, as they did in England. Thoy are falling at this hour in Italy, Germany, and South America, but while these nations profoHs to look with prido and pleasuro upon Henry's work and Henry's gain in the plundor of his monasteries, they carefully shut their eyos to what bofol Monry and England afterwards. Henry tho Seventh, who cherished the monasteries died, even after the convulsion of the Wars of the Roses, the wealthiest monarch in Europe, and left after him an united and most prosperous nation. His son, Honry the Eighth, notwithstanding his lovo of splendour, remained prosperous till tho suppres sion of the monasteries, exactly. As Charlos the Fifth said, he " killed tho goose that laid tho golden eggs," and as a consoquonco ho livod beforo his death for yoars in financial ruin, and died a bankrupt. English merchants woro obliged to tako his leathern money, and bocome the very poorest in Europe, while his daughter Elizabeth had to Jpass no loss than sovontoon different acts for obtaining provision for the poor — a class never so much as hoard of by tho State during tho continnance of the monasteries. The monasteries that cost nothing wero snpDrossod, uuv uuu iiurxuuuatts uuu to UO uu115 tnat from that day to this day consume ovor a sixth of tho land income of tho country. Wo find revolutionary Franoo follo'wing tho oxampla of England, but nftor tho suppression of the monasteries she had her assignats, her national debt, and hor national bankruptcy. Spain did tho same, and mot revolution, disintegration, and decay. Portugal followed, and mot almost annihilation ; and our account from Italy, which loads the van of persecution in our days, as to tho state of hor poor and hor finnnces is only second to the condition of Turkoy, and may soon bo worse. As tho May laws aro onforcod and the roligiouB leavo Germany, immorality, poverty, nnd disconotntincronses amongstthe pooplo; and now, after throo oenturios of tho suppression of ro ligious houses, in England we have tho Protostant " Historical Conference " of Cambridge pass a resolution to this effoct, that — "The suppression of tho monasteries by Henry tho Eighth was a cruel miBfortuue for the country, and our actual circumstances imperatively demand the establish ment of analogous systoms amongst us." The nation is coming to see that it gained nothing by tho ovorthrow and desecration of tho glorious fanes roarod in such wondrous bea-uty, tho prido and tho glory of thoir sires ; and thoy aro begin ning to realise that tho mystified and cheaply kept recluses, who filled these sanctuaries and oin- ployod their days and all thoir superfluous woalth, not outsido tho country, but in the sorvice of tho poor and tho ignorant in Englnnd, whose tenants were woll treatod, rich, and happy, whoso coffers wero open to overy nocessity of State, who wore tho gratuitous educators of poor and rich, woro as benofioial, oven in tho political economy poiut of viow, to tho nation, not to speak at all of tho benedictions their livos of prayer brought upon all tho land, as tho luxurious lord who ground down his tenants, foasted and hunted, now and thon, nt homo, but spent his wealth in the vices of the capital or in foreign lands, and then legislated that his tenants and villagers should keep the poor, build the gaols, and pay for tho imprisonment of the poacher upon his pleasures, and in return made " no popery" speochos and supported tho State Ohurch by his vote, whose duty it was to koop up tho roligious forment and exoite the taxpayer against monks and nuns. Of course, with the weulthy holders of abbey lands, the jeer nt tho religious habit, and tho sneors at the religious life, nnd tho joke about the roligious state, and scandal of the novelist or the tract writer's imagination is over welcome, but why- thoso things should pre judice other minds is incomprehensible, save on the supposition of long habit or bocause of the influence of tho enomy who does his utmost to destroy a state giving such glory to God, and causing so many blessings to man — a state in stituted by Jesus Christ Himsolf, and destined to produce tho highest and the holiest fruits of His redemption, fruits of heroism, unequalled fruits of sanotity the most exalted throughout all ages, and to the end of time. In order to realise this, my brethren, let us rocall to mind that passage in the life of our Lord, narrated by tho holy evangelist St. Matthew, from which I hove taken my text. Wo find His Adorable Majesty upon His mission of morcy to man. Ho is surrounded by I-Iis apostles, the witnesses of His word. He is after confounding the roolico of the Pharisees, who came to entrap Him as to His teaobing upon the question of divorce. With a Bingle reply and one unanswerable reason He, after re-establish ing the lost dignity of woman, the inviolability of marriage— " what God hath joined let no man put aBander," — tolls them, wondering at the stern severity of tho laws, " if the case of a man with his wife be so it is not expedient to marry," that not only was it so, but it was more so, that there_ was a degree of perfection even beyond marriage — virginity undertaken voluntarily for the Kingdom of Heaven — et sunt eunuchi qui seipsos castraverunt propter regnurn Dei— but that not all were called to that state, but such as wore able, " he that can tako let him take." And then, as if to illustrate how those virgins may be omployed for the good of all, wo read that there were little children presented to Him that He should impose hands upon them, and when the disciples rebuked them, the virgin of atl virgins said, " suffer the little children and forbid them not to come to me for the kingdom of heaven is for such." And after this touching lesson was given a still more remarkable one followed : " And behold one came and said to him, ' Good master, what good shall I do that I may have life everlasting?" He believed unquestionably that Jesus could tell him the infallible way, and as Jesus insinuated, even perhaps believed bim to be good, " Why call you me good, but one is good, God?" and Jesus answered, "If thou wilt enter into life keep the commandments." But , the yonng man had kept them from his ohild- , hood, " All these I have kept from my. yonth, , what yet is wanting to mo." My brethren, i fidelity to grace obtained for bim a larger call, a yearning after somo fairest of the many mansions of hoavon. His soul wns not at rest, " Whet else is wanting to mo." Thon Jesus spoko the very words I havo quoted for you — "If thou wilt be perfect, go soil what thou hnst and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and como follow mo." Behold, my brethren, tho price of .ovangolical perfection, to which none are bound and fow aro called, but if thoy will seek more than " entering into life," if they will sook " troasuro in hoavon " thoy must renounce nil things, oven themselves — "ho who is not willing to tuko up his cross nnd follow mo is not worthy to be called my disciple," and in poverty, chastity, and obodience, follow a master who "had not whoreon to Iny his hond." That instinctive yearning after perfection saw its satisfaction como — " What olso is thci'e wanting " — but alas ! the price was difficult for him to pay, " He wont away snd for he had groat posossions." And Jesus, looking sorrowfully too nt his rotroat- ing figure, thought how many should bo lost by ricbos. "Anion, I say to you, that a rich man can hardly enter into tho Kingdom of Heaven," discoursed on tho difficulty of saving the rich but by tho special power of God, " to whom all things aro possiblo," and in reply to St. Peter asking, " Boliold we have loft all things and hare followod thoo, whnt therefore shall wo havo?" mado tho wondorful statement of thoir future apostolic dignity, "Sitting on twelve soats judging tho twolvo tribes of Israel;" and flirt hor that not only thoy but that "every one that hath loft house, brotbron, or sistors, or fathor, or mother, or wifo, or children, or lands, for tny soke, shall rocoivo a hundred-fold, and shall possess life everlasting." Now, Ho who spoke thoso words wns God, who know intimntoly tho results of the work of His own hands, who know tho prosent, tho past, and the future. IIo know that everywhere man, even in lionthenism, sought nfter n porfoct life; thnt, even ns he spoke, there were vostnls consecrated to the gods of Romo, and recluses amongst the disciplos of Confucius. Among His own people, tho Jews, thoro woro not only priests for the service of tho temple and scribes for tho instruction of tho people in tho laws, but by tho Jordan and in. tho wildornoss of llorob nnd Cnrmol thoro woro " Nuzaronos," and "men of God," and "childron of tho prophets," of whom wo rend so ofton in the Old Testament, with thoir vows and peculiar roligious observances, devoting themselves moro strictly than others to the sorvico of God. lie himsolf was n Nazarone. Liko Samuol, " no razor ever camo upon his hood." Ho wore tho distinctive garb and wns rocogniaod ns a prophet nnd a toncbor, "A great prophet hath risen up amongst us," they said, " and God hath visited his pooplo." And what tho old law futured tho now law should contain. Tho manner of lifo prescribed for thoso choson souls IIo himsolf laid down, "If thou wilt enter into lifo koop tho commandments," "If thou wilt ho porfoct soli all thou hast, give to tho poor, and como follow me," in ono word "Leavo nil for me," or, as he clearly intimated at his Last Supper — " Bo ye imitators of mo, as I am of my fathor." To what a lofty height of holiness then, my brethren did our Lord lovo to load his olect, rouow me, _ do imitators oi mo, ol llim tuo virgin of virgins, tho poorest of poor, "obedient even unto death, even unto tho doath of tho cross." And yot still cloaror wo havo His words, " Ho that loveth father or mother moro than mo is not worthy of me ; ho thnt loveth sistor or brothor moro than mo is not worthy of mo ; and ho that takoth not up his cross nnd foliowoth not after mo is not worthy to be my disciple." Who would attempt such a following if Christ had not commandod it, and given tho grace to do as ho commnndod? But His words woro nevor to bo spoken in vain, and so it is that millions havo followod the " narrow way that londeth to life," in the strict profession of religion, in tho "crucifixion of tho flesh with its vices and con cupiscences in poverty, chastity, and obodionco. Wo may say that the first Christians woro all of this holy stnto, for we road of them in tho Acts of tho Apostles — " Th'oy that believed wero together and had nil things in common, their possessions and goods they sold nnd divided them all according as ovory ono hnd nood, nnd continuing daily with one accord in the tomplo, and breaking broad from houso to house, they took thoir menl with gladness and simplicity of heart." What more porfoct picture can thore ho drawn of tho roligious lifo than this? It is trno that as the numbers of tho faithful increased and sproad over tho earth the many wero found content to struggle for salvation by "kooping tho commandments," but the fow who embraced tho rigid perfect lifo were nevor nt any time wanting. The writings of nil our early fathers ore full of tho praisos of vowed virginity, ana give the strongest proofs that oven in tho days of persecution numbers, though religious, livod virgins all the dnys of thoir livos. Such was St. Agnes, St. Agatha, and hundrods of othors we rood of, the record of whose heroic virtues came down to as in tho pages of St, Cyprian, St. Ignatius, St. Augustine, and nearly every ancient writer. But it was nob till nonr tho final struggle with Paganism that wo find them inassod in largo numbers for tho one pur pose of proclaiming evangelical porfection, and carrying it to its highost and holiest pinaclo. Who has not hoard of St. Antony, of St. Hilarion, St. Puchomius, and of tho tens of thousands who followed him to tho frightful desort ofThobes, in Upper Egypt, and who filled all the eastern dosorts for several generations ? Who hns not heard of St. Paul, the first hermit, who lived forty yoars in solitude, occupied incossantly in contemplation, labour, and prayer, and of tho many who, in after yoars, followod his holy examplo? Why did he leave tho world ? Why did he abandon his goods and rolatives ? Sololy in virtue of tho words of Christ, which I havo quoted in my toxt. Hearing tho inward monitor, and breaking every bond that bound tbom, they followed Christ to tho desort, and there, in nil nusterity of lifo which makes ono shuddor to contemplate, in n wrestle with domons that know no truce, for it would seem from the livos of St. Antony and his companions that Satan, being unable to raise tho world against thom, entcrod the lists for their destruction with his most for midable legions. But they conquered 1 and when peace was at length given to the Church thoy emerged from their solitudes of the desort to found deserts in the cities and the plains that so tha benefits of their prayers, their austerities, and thoir boly example, might bring down the blessing of Heaven upon tho nowly-liberated Church, and savo hor from tho most formidable dangers sho has evor to droud — the dangers of prosperity and pence. So became formed the monastic life, as we have since seen it in the Church, a life where in the votaries of Christian perfection led lives of retirement in the cloister, where, by piety, charity, penance, and prayer, under the safe direotion of a skilled superior, they followed Jesus, if no longer " to the desert to be tempted by the devil," the same Jesus, nevertheless, in His mission, "going about doing good." So arose the great Bnsilian monasteries in the East, and bo spread their spirit to the West, until bundredsofmonasterieBoovered Christian Europe, and tens of thousands struggled in the world to imitate the great fathers of the Church, St. Antony in the Coenobitioal life, and St. Paul in tho Eremitical. Hundreds of holy rales wero es tablished, and inestimable blessings flowed in npon the world from the great lights this new monastioism gave the Church. St. Basil, St. Gregory Nazianzen, St. Gregory Thauraaturgos, St. John Chrysostom, and thousands of others in the East ; St. Aunaire, of Auxerre, St. Vincent, of Lerios, St. Martin, of TonrB, St. Jerome, St. Angustin, St. Ambrose, St. Patriok and his companions, in the West. Later on, rose St. Benediot, raised up by God to give still greater extension to the same monastic spirit. So arose the great contemplative order of the earlier and mediwval times, aa united in essence and as varied in form as tha active orders are in modern times, for, except in essentials, the discipline of the Catholic Chnroh is tha spirit of liberty, which calls upon every spirit to praise God— omnis spiritus laudet Dominum. Surely, ray brothen, whilo men retain even a romnant of Christian faith, tho preBenoe of such holy men cannot but be deemed an advantage. What is man made for if it be not "to praise and rovoronoo his Maker, and by serving Him at length ho saved." Who can bo said to praise and rovoronce and serve God moro than those who at HiB call leavo all things, take up their cross, and follow hira all their days. And with what perfection thoy followed him ! "Consider," says tho devout author of the Imitation of Christ, " tho Carthusians and the Cistorcians, and the monks and nuns of divors orders. ..... What rigour in thoir abstinences ; what zeal and what ardour had they not to advance in pioty; what rude war did they not make to overcome their mean inclinations. How puro and straight was thoir intention to serve God. They worked the day long nnd prayed during the night, and it cannot bo said that the pruyer of their heart was interrupted by labour. Thoy omployed usefully all their time, and the hours appoarod short whilo thoy woro omployed in tho service of God, and tho extreme sweotnoss of contemplation mado them forgot the necessities of the body. Thoy ronounced all the riches of this world and all dignities, and all honour, and their friendB and thoir pnronts, nnd they dosired nothing of tho things of this world; scarcely did' thoy use the necessarios of life, and thoy sighed whon nocossity compolled them to give something to tho body. What favours from God must mon leading such livos bring down upon any community. " Go about," said God to Jeremiah, thejprophet, "tho streots of Jorusalem, nnd see and consider and sook in the broad places thereof if you can find a man thnt oxecutothjjudgment nnd seeketh faith, nnd I will bo morciful unto it." Now, if ono man executing judgment and seeking fnith would have saved Jorusalem, how much moro would the prayors of so many souls loading lives like true Christian roligious. Ton just men would have saved Sodom nnd Gomorrah, and how many millions in tho era of faith lived and died monks and nuns in the Catholic communion. But, my brotbron, it is not upon the effect of their prayers or tho bonefits of thoir exalted oxample that I wish to speak so much as upon tho real and undeniable good they, and they alone, effected for Europo and for the world. Self- sanctification was indeed thoir primary object, but it wus not thoir only object. Self-snnctiflcation not only saved thom, but prepared them for ovory good work tho Church of Christ called upon thom to do. Knowing her voice to be the voico of Christ himself — "He thnt hearoth you heoroth Mo," they were prepared ns required eithor to remain in silence or to go into action. Look ot thoir works for roligion. Go to tho fountain head of your own faith, and you will find thom issuing from the oloistcrs and under the leadership and apostolato of St. Patrick, going at tho comrannd of Pope Colostine, to con vert your ancestors, and to accomplish that work so perfectly that Ireland appeared in a short time one vast monastery, from whence departed in turn a vast stream of missionary saints, all monks, for the regeneration of Europe, con vulsed and torn by the downpour of tho bar- uarians oi uio iNortti. soo tho holy Uolumba, after establishing many monastic houses through out his long loved Inisfuil, cross tho Channel and bocomo the apostlo of Scotland. Seo his disciples, Aidnn, Finian Column, andCuthbort, omployed in tho conversion of Northern England. See the groat St. Columbanus leavo Bangor to bocome what Cardinal Ballormin called him, the light of England, France, nnd Italy in those disastrous limes. Seo St. Gall ovangolise Switzerland, and lenvo his name to ono of its principal cantons. Soo St. Album pronch tho faith, at tho special command of- the Pope, to tho Thuringians. Soo St. Kilinn, tho Apostlo of Franconia, St. Virgilius at Salzburg, St. Aibognslus at Stras- burg, St. Dom.tus in Tarontum, St, Livinius in Flnndors, St. Fincro in Paris, St. Tintnn on the Rhino, St. Fridinn in Lucca, and thousands of their countryman who carried the faith abroad ; whilo at homo the great monasteries of Armagh, Clonniucnoiso, Sligo,. Kildnre, nnd a hundred others wero filled with the youth of Europo, trained thore for tho apostolato of thoir several nations. All this tho monks of Iroland ofl'octod for tho world, nnd whilo thus omployed the loligious kindlod by thoir zeal did tho liko work. . St. Augustine, St. Adalbert, St. Auscharns, St. Boniface,, preached tho faith to tho Angles in South Britain, to large tracts of Germany and Scnndiiinvia. Hand in hand too with tho preaching of tho faith wont tho tenching of secular scionco. Tho monasteries wero always semiuarios for tho clergy, universities for tho rich, and schools for tho poor — ever tho retreats of learning ns woll as tho abodes of sanctity. To thom alone wo owe what remains to us of tha works of tho ancient--. Thoy wero the collectors, the preservers, the copyists of their age, tho proservors of our literature, tho nurseries of our scionco. Thoir labour cleared tho forests, drained tho marshos, and mado tho desert- bioom as a gardon. From thoir cloisters camo tho greatest lights of tho Church, tho first counsellors of kings, tbo host protectors of tho persecuted. From his coll St. Bernard may bo said to havo ralod his age by the prostige of his sanctity nnd his genius. At his mediation kings stayed war or joined thoir forces for tho defonco of Christendom. From the clorster cnmoSt. Gregory tho Great, and Hildebrand, St. Gregory the Sovonth, And while it gave light to the world, tho monastery romnined the secure, and over open asylum for tho poor, the persecuted, the sick, and tho fnllon. Nor did the good thoy did for humanity stop here. Thoso who now most calumniate them owe to them the fertility of tho soil upon which thoy live in luxurious indolonco. The monasteries built from choice in tho most desort localities— in tho marsh, upon tho moun tain, and in the forest, and soon made thoso places smilo with vogototion. Thoy drained tho mnrshos, cleared the forests, and enriched tho mountain. Such- were tho early and modimval contemplative orders, and whon they passed away it was but to bo succeeded by another form of religious life, it was still but to carry out tho gront one end by self sanctification, which, following Jesus, in serving the Church and her children in ono or in many of their needs. It would take far too long evon to name tho numberless ordors and con gregations that sinco the twelfth contury arose to moot all those needs, or to tell how with what elasticity tho religious stato teaohes itself to meet every nocessity. Tho Franciscans, the Carmelites, the Dominicans, the Augustinians, mixed freely with the world to teach, to edify, to sanctify, and to save it. And moro inspiring than all, when Christendom was threatened from the Bosphorus to Gibraltar, by the Saracen hosts, several religious orders started into existence for the defence of tho faith and tho protection of the innocent. The prowess of the Knights of Calatrava end Ariso in Spain, and the enduring bravery of tho Teutonic Knights, and the Knights Hospitallers, and Knights Templars— all strict religions, bound by vows, living upon the sparse diet of monks, meek in peace but invinoible in war — it was they, under God, who rescned Europe from tho rule of the Mussulman, whose armies had conquered as far as the borders of Hungary on one side and the elopes of the Pyrenees on the other. We see these military orders in turn pass away as the various forms of religion are seen to do, while leaving tho substance to bo renewed in an other and more needed aspect. In fact, when ever a need exists, the Churoh finds some re ligious congregation to grapple with it, and then with the need to pass away. We had the Order of Pontifices for the building of lodges and the re ception of travellers in dangerous times. Wo had, as early as the age of Innocent the Third, as early as Magna Charta, an order of roligious for hospitals, whose own hospital of the Holy Ghost at Rome remains to this day as far in ad vance for comprehensiveness and grandeur as St. Peter's does above all other obnrohes. It ' would be vain to attempt even to name them all, for you have bat to find a want of the ohildren ot -Christ, and you aro Buro to find an Ordor to meet it. But there stand out in history one or two which for example, and at random, wo may take. You remember the rise of tho Corsairs, one of the most frightful eras for maritime Europo, whon to the other dangers of the deep was to bo added that of falling into the hands of tho most morci- less enemies of tho Christian name. Millions of Christians fell victims to this calamity, from which thore was but ono escape — apostncy — nnd thoso that choso not to renounce' the Church wore reduced to a slavery so torrihle that all that wo read of negro slavery is light comparod with it. No oruelty was doomod punishment sufficient for thoir obstinaoy in tho confession of Christ. In the day they woro treated like beasts of burden yolkod to waggons or to oars, a morsel of cloth round the loins thoir only covering, raw mnizoun- huskod and putrid water drunk out of tho skulls of thoir dead companions thoir only nourish ment. In sickness or old ago a musket bullet was their physicinti, and tho dond bodies woro chiefly disposod of by tho wild boasts of Africa, somotimos disposed of in tbnt manner whilo yot ajivo. Europe was thundorstruck at thoso atroci ties, but not all tho prowess of Barbnrossa, not all the gallnntry of Spain, not all tho gold and diplorancy of her oourts could mond tho mis fortune. The corsair remained imprognablo, de fended by the fortrossos of Algiers nnd Tunis. But what no force could command, nor diplomacy mastor, the zenl of Ontholio roligious effected. The devoted followorsof St. Fulix, of Valois, nnd St. John, of Hatha, arose, nnd with tho benedic tion of the Supremo Pontiff, accomplished tho work of tho redemption of tho captivos. They travorsed Europe for the funds whorowith to ransom the slaves. They faced slavery tbom- selvos, and ponetrated to tho very fortresses of tho Deys. Through them Europo behold tho spectacle of nine hundred thousand Christian captives restored to thoir homos and friends. Oh, it was a glorious sight those home comings from yonrsofslavory nnd toil, to hoar tho cathedral bolls of some groat Christian city ring out the wel come to the ship of tho fathers of mercy, at last happily in the harbour, to soo tho crowds flock to the quay, businoss Buspondod, breatbloss oxcitoment, to soe the streaming oyes and hoar tho sobs of mothers, wivos, and dnughtors, as they recognised husbands, brothers, sons, in tho procession of liboratod captives, to see tho faith that prevents any greetings till tho captives have first, amidst tho solemn rejoicings of reli gion, thanked God in tho cathedrnl, to hoar tho burning words of tho prolato addressing them, and then to soo them restored to thoir frionds, but most moving of all it would bo to bohold tho silont father of mercy, who did it nil, humble and unmoved. His work is but partly done. Ho has rescued ono cargo of his brethren. Ho is next day asking 'alms for those yot loft behind in captivity, nnd so his round of holy duty passes on until, in sorao omotion of zeal ho takes tho place of a captivo, some father of n family, somo son sighod for by a mother, ho cannot be ransomed, dies at the oai- in tho galley, gives his naked body to tho water, and is re ceived by the angels of God. And, my brethren, this heroism is callod fanaticism. If so, it is a fanaticism tho world well can boar. But is it real, is ft not oxnggor- ated ? Far from it. It is as old ob Christianity, and with tho Church of Christ it will live, nnd only with tho Church it will dio. It lives to-doy as bright nnd ns bonntifnl- The zeal that sought out tho savago of Central America in his death-dealing nnd nlmost in- accossablo wilds, and obtainod death again and again until at length the rod rann was civilised and savod, is not only of yester day, it is of to-day. Tho zonl that wears out oxistonco amidst bittor privation in tho South Son Islands, tho zonl that faces certain death in bittor agony in Touquin and Cochin China is of this hour, and is us great in suffering, in faith, and in merit, as Christian zeal ever was. But it may be said yob have not heard of all this until now — that such zoal and heroism is in- crodiblo. Brethren, tho invitation to leave all and follow Josus to tho desort, to tho mission, yes, oven to tho garden, to Pilate's hall, and, further still, to Colvory, is ovon louder. Have you not seen it? Ask tho men yot living that bled at Alma and Balaklavn, nnd who filled the torrible hospital wards at Scutari, who it wns that met nnd most comforted them thore. Go to Germany or to Franco and ask tho victors or the vanquished, on every fiold from Sedan to Orloans, who it was that showed tho greatest heroism, and in whoso cnuse it was shown ? They will toll you, ono nnd all, of thoso thoy saw, not ns_ they wont out with martial music 'and glittering weapons and bright uniforms and dnncing plumes and high hopos and the plaudits of their countrymen— but they will toll you that whon the shock of battlo came, when tho plumes woro torn nnd tho weapons broken, and both ohargor and rider struggled in agony upon the field— yes, while yot the retront was sounding, and tho pursuers passing, and tho winter frost hardening tho deep ploughed soil of tho battlo field, whon hope of succour hnd passed and tho dead comrade was onvied as being out of his pain— they will toll you of thoso thoy saw coming with calm haste ovor the heaps of slain, heedless of the spent bullets falling, heedless of the dying horse struggling, coming ovor tronch and splintered oarriago, and coming with sure relief to seek out the dying and the wounded among tho dead. Thoy will toll you how gontly their frozen limbs were cbafod, the broken limbs bound, and how, won by looks of hoavenly compassion, ovon tho rough soldiers that carried them beenmd-tondor nurses. They will tell you what thoy were in tho hospitals, flitting noise lessly from pallet to pallet, everywhere bringing reliof. They will toll you that contagion had no dread in it for them, and ceaseless toil no weariness, death to them was gain. Who are thoy ? Neod I soy that I speak of the very sisterhood whom it is your happiness and your privilege to establish an abode for this day ? The battle field and the fever hospital, the time of pestilence and the time of famine nre the times and places the world knows most of them, but when neither war nor contagion call for their heroio ministrations, are they at rest? Far from it. Their timo is as unceasingly occupied as over. When their hands are not lifted up to Heaven in prayer for the world, they are unceasingly employed in its best services. They teach the poor, and you know how they teach them. Thoy teach the rich too, and fit them for the position of influence they are to occupy, for Christ is the God of order and in order they follow Him. Now, it is the orphan they succour and save, now it is the defenceless and exposed innoconco they guard. Then you find them visiting the hospital, then tho prison, elsewhere the abode of poverty and wretched ness, to cleanse, to succour, and to save. Last, but not least, they stretch the arms of con- pasaion and mercy to the fallen, to those against whom the world deeply sins but will only look upon as sinners. They restore to them purity and honour and loBt hope, and lead them to love God much, that bo many sins may be forgiven them, like Magdalen of old. This surely is heroism, and in it may we not Bee dearly the Btill living power of tho grace of God in forming perfeot souls, still breathing the blessed invitation, " If thou wilt be perfect, sell all thou hast, and give to the poor, and come follow me." Such is the religions state and such the branch of it, my brethren, that you are about to in augurate here to-day in a permanent manner. When men like Thomas Laidlaw can see in such institutions so much to admire in heroism, so much to assist in work, how mnoh more ought they be dear to you, recalling as they do all that is grand in your faith, all that is memorable in the chequered history of your fatherland. It is the missionary priesthood, and the missionary sisterhood of Ireland, that repeat the work in onr days of the monastic missionaries of Ireland over a thousand years ago. Like them they are spread over roost of the known earth, planting the cross of Christ, Christianity, and Christian perfection, together with their people wherever they are (oantj, A noble portion of that work has fallon tb you, my brethren of Yass, and this is the moment you aro called upon to sustain that position. I have no doubt your duty will bo done, and well done, that your high reputation for genorosity will not suffer, that your venerated Bishop will have the samo reason aB ovor to be proud of you, that tho soul of your worthy pastor may rejoice, that an additional consolation may be givon to the good roligious, who have left home and all things for your sorvice, that a practical proof of your belief in Christian heroism and religion may bo given, and that this your convent may ariso on this feast of Our Lady of Mount Carraol an ornamout to your beautiful town and neighbourhood, a continual means of giving glory to God and bringing poaco to man — a bonefit to you in evory respect, a consolation to you whilst living, and a reward to you whon dond. On tho termination of tho sermon, tho Bishop, and tho Rev. Futhors O'Kooll'o, Dillon, Gallagher, mid Dunne, hoading a procossion of young girls, and tho largo congregation, proceeded to tho site of tho convent. In a cavity of a largo stone a bottlo hnd boon placed, in which wore several coins, tnodnls of tho Blessed Virgin, Sc.Patriok, and St. Josoph, n picture of the Sacred Hoart, tho local papors, nnd n document on which wns nently ongrossed tho following:— Ail Jtnjorem Del Glorlam Prlmnrium hunc Ijipidem Cocnobli Uoiigrcgfttlonls Mnnlnlum Sororuin Mlserlcorillno nimd Ynss Keneilixit ntque pusuit Guliolinus r.anignn lllustrlssimns Goiilburnensis Episcopus I'lurilms prosbytoris nssistentibus Xecuon llilclluin lnicorum mngnouunuursu Pcsto lientnc Marino, ile -Monte C'nrmolo Anno Domini MillcMino octingcntcslino septungesimo sexto Concionunte iluvorcndo Guorglo Francisco Dillon Pnstoro ilo Unmtlcn Pin Mono Ecclcsho Praosulo Victoria llrlttaniae Itogina llcgnanto Hercules Itnbinsnn K'luite Kjusrpto vices in hlsco partlbns gerento Revcrenills P. J. O'KeelFo et p. O'Dtvycr llnjns Mlsslonis Pastoribus. The following may be given as a free transla tion : — To the greater glory of Cod. William Danigan, the ltight Keverend Bishop of Conlbnrn, blessed and laid this the foundation stone of tho Convent of tho Sisters of .Mercy. Yass, many priests assisting, and in tho presence of a largo concourso of the faithful laity, on tho festival of St. Maria, of Mount Carmel. ill the year of our Lord ISTti. The preacher on tho occasion being the ltov. O. F. Dillon, in pastoral charge of tho Camden mission. Pius IX. lioing tho supreme hand of tho Church. In tho reign of Queen Victoria, nnd during tho government ovor the colony of Sir Hercules ltohinson, (!. C.M.i !. The ltev. Fathers P. ,f. O'Keelfe nnd D. D'Uwyor being in pastoral charge of this (tho Yass) mission. Tho usual prayors having boon recited, and the stono blessed nnd laid by the Bishop, the latter, accompanied by tho priosts and congregation, proceodod ovor the ground to be covered by tho building, and blessed tho foundation. The Bishop then romarkod that ho had blessod the foundation of tho new convent in accordance with tho prnctico of tho Catholic Church, and bocause tho building to bo eroctod wns not in tended to bo n more temporal residence, but one closoly identified with the interests of religion, as the preacher had told thorn that day. It was to be inhabited by a community of religious in all coming timo, who would devote their talent and zenl, not for thoir own intorosts, but for tho interests of all, and especially for the oduontion of tho rising raoe amongst thom. Any sacrifice of their means for the ostablishmont of this com munity was so much sacrifice for the Christian oducation of thoir children. They lived in a free country. They voted in tho election of thoir representatives in Parliament, but it was very clear that their iufluonco in the politioal schomo ns regards educational matters was very littlo, seeing that they could not aecure one penny to bnild thoir schools or to support thoir touchers. His lordship then announced that tho sura subscribed that day amountod to £209 3s. Ho must soy it Boomed a very small sum, and was much loss than expected. Ho could not compliment them upon it. Ilowovor, tho sum colloctod might not be so bad for 0110 effort, nnd others would hnvo to succood it until a sufficient nraount wns obtainod. His lordship thon gave his episcopal benediction, after which the largo gathoring dispersed. 