GOD BESTING IN HIS LOVE. A SBKÎCON BY THU KEV. OCTAVIUS Wilston-, D.D "Hewillrest in' Hi«love."-ZEPH, iii. 17. It must be the mournful acknowJedment of ever ipiritual mind, that, after all the clear revealings < trnth, and deep teachings of tho Holy Spirit, ou views of what God is in Himself, of what He is to Hi people, and, we may add, of what his people are t Him, fall so far below what they ought to be. Ma; not this disproportion of our conception of their mag nitude and preciousness be traced, in a great measure to tho deficiency of our faith in the plain matter- of fact statements of God's word ? We stumble at. tb very simplicity of the truth. Take, for illustration that single declaration-" God so loved the world, tha he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believet] ishim, chould not perish, but have everlasting life : The most unhesitating, simple belief of this, shall w< say, matter-of-fact, yet astounding announcement - faith just receiving it without any qualification, or de mur, exactly as it ia found in the Bible will teach ui more ia one hour of what God in Christ is to a pooi Suitontial believer, than a century of human teaching ie truth is, we do but half believe the word of God We doubt, we hesitate, we reason, we cavil, we add tc itand we take from it,-we receive just as much as we eau understand, and reject just so much as is not pala- table or clear ; and the sad consequence is, God re- proves our unbelief by leaving us for a season to the effects of our unbelief. But although we believe not, vet He remains true to every jot and .tittle of His revealed truth. The imper- fect credence which we give to its statements cannot invalidate His promise, nor alter the word that has gone out of hin mouth. In the midst of all our slowness of heart to bolieve, and insensibility of heart to love, "He abideth faithful." There, more immoveable than the rock of the ocean, more impregnable than the battle meats of heaven, firmer than the pillars of the uni- verse, our God, our own covenant God abides, for 44 he will rest in his leve." The perfection in which God ÍB described as resting ii; His love. That He should rest in this, and not in His holiness, or His wisdom, or His power, conveys the most exalted view ot' its transcendant excellence, and of His own ineffable delight in it. For what is God's love? It is not so much a perfection of His being as it ii the essence of His being, for 44 God is love." It would teem as impossible to separate love from God, as to se- parate God from Himself In restinc in His love, He rest s in Himself. Here, then, is one of the sublimest conceptions of God ever presented to the human mind. The great, Eternal» God resting-from no exhaustion nor weariness-in His love. What infinite satisfaction .iii, »ad what inconceivable delight in, Himself, does this Divine posture express ! There is not, perhaps, another view of God in the Bible which sets forth this truth with such vividness as this. Ia resting in His love towards His saints, He must reit iu the Son of His love. 14 God was in Christ." It was only in Christ that the Divine perfections em- ployed in saving man could meet, and harmonize, and repose. But one object could reconcile their conflict- ing interests, maintain the honour of each, and unite and blend them all in one glorious expedient of human salvation, SB effectual to man as it was honouring to God-that one object was God's only and beloved Son. The essential dignity of the Son of God was such, that all agreed that the rebel sinner shouid live if the Di- vine Saviour would die. Divine justice-vindicating llftlinooa ..J ",."....:.. _J l_--J.__-J.l- _. .1_. .! n its veageanoe until it arrived at the cross. There it beheld the provision of mercy, the gift of love God's dear Son, suspended, bleeding, dying in the room of the «inner, "giving himself a sacrifice to God for a sweet iraelling eavour"-and justice was stayed, stood still, and adored. It could proceed no further in arrest; of the rebel-it had full, ample, perfect satisfaction, and returned, exclaiming, " It ÍB enough !" and Hod rested in His love. Yes! Jesus ÍB the rest of the Father. Listen to the declaration which He loved BO frequently to repeat-"This is my beloved Son, in whom I om well pleased." With what holy satisfaction, with what fond compliance and delight does He rest in Him who bas BO revealed His glory, and so honoured His name ! How dear to His heart Jesus ia, what mind can oon ceive,what language can express? Resting on Him, delighting in His person, and fully satisfied with His work, an object ever in His presence and in His heart, the Father is prepared to welcome and to bless all who approach Him in the name of His Son. ,"The Father lovett, the Son, and hath given all things into his band,'' And again, " The Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me." Therefore Jesus could "ay, "Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father ¡in my name, he will give it you." Behold the Father resting in His lovftT-resting in the Son of His [love-resting in the gut of His love. Approach bim in the name of Jesus, andaak what you will, " he will give it you." God rosta in the people of His love. lb had been no aelfishnesa in God had He loved Himself solely and aupremely, to the oxolusion of every other object. He "night have remained eternally happy in the contem- plation of His own glory, delighting iu His own infinito excellence, and resting in His love to Himself. But this /would have been almost impossible. Himself es «ntial Love, the infinite ocean of benevolence,it would appear that He could not rest in tho abstract contem- plation of His lo-e, but must have other objects upon whom to lavish, and with whom to share it. It pleased aim, therefore, o£ His own free unconditional choice, »1, T?ufc of tùe falleu race ot* man»a church, a people, wnom He " loved with an everlasting love," and bad elected in Christ their Head. " According aa he hath enoseu us in him before the foundation of the world, «nat we should bo holy and without binnie before him "vu ' httving predestinated us unto the adoption of Teu by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the gwa pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of p",8ra% wherein he hath made us accepted in tho beloved.> «'Tho foundation of God standeth sure, fagins seal, The Lord knowobh them that are his." UÄ6 a P60?10 for tho most part hidden from the £5 60 of the World'aûd bufc few in number. How know tamonßthe many professing OhriBt, who yet lif«ücrDr., m8 by experience of tho great wondrous ths« ? L 0n*y thsy who are tau«hfc by *he sPirifc BW f i? tbeir 0wn hearts can possibly know it. in lL¡ , .e are who aPpear to poBsesB vital religion' The » T How few choOBB 0hri8t wifch hia cros8 ! then, mí maB3 °f profeoEors are aiming to separate They would iain bear the name oí Ohriat, and do something for the cause of Christ, but they hide His cross, they are ashamed of His cross, they shrink from His cross. Christ and His outward meanness, Christ and His " poverty, Christ and His humiliation, Christ and the world's despising, form no part of their creed hoi their religion. But Christ and the world, Christ and the pbpmfir toice. Christ and the slavery of sin, Christ and an unhumblcd spirit; Christ and a love of monoy, and ease, and self-indul- gence, make up the religion of vast numbers who yet profess and call themselves Christians. Awful fact! How forcibly does it remind us of the solemn words ot Jesus. "Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.'' Let us, in view of this solemn truth, search our hearts, and aBk the searohing of God's Spirit ; and in ascertain- ing the real state of our souls, let us take nothtng for granted, rest not in past experience, nor in gifts, nor usefulness, but be satisfied only with the present, inward witness of the Holy Ghost. Yesi God restB in the people of His. love. They are precious, inconceivably precious to His heart; He keeps them as the apple of His eye. Their persons in their own view maybe vile, polluted, worthless but seen by Him in Jesus; He can, and He does say, to each one, " Thou art all fair, my love, I see no one spot in thee." Besting in Jesus, the Son of His love, He rests in His people, the objects of His love. He may afflict, and chasten, and rebuke, and try them, and permit them to be severely assailed ; He may even hide H's face from them for a little moment, and speak harshly to them, like Joseph and his brethren : He may disturb their resting-places, and scatter their creature mercies to the wind-nevertheless, ye saints of God, " The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty ; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy *, he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing." Nor will He be satisfied until He has gathered them all around Him within His houBe in heaven,-Jesus presenting to Him the whole body, '* a glorious Church," exclaiming, "Be- hold, I and the children whom thou hast given me." Then, and not until then, will the joy of the Lord over His Church be full. Then, and not until then, will His rest in the neoDle of His love be complete. v . God rests in the manifestation of His love. Even in our fallen state, with our impaired affections clinging to us, like the green ivy around a splendid ruin, we can understand something of this feeling. If love exists, where is the heart that can conceal the affection ? It must, in some mode or other, express the sontiment it feels. If revealed only to God, the heart must unbur- den itself of its hidden, trembling emotion. But how delightful is the expression of affection ! The parent feels it when he presses his little on«' to his fond heart. The mother, when she clasps her infant to her thrilling bosom. The friend, when he communes with his friend. But if this principle be so strong, and its expression so delightful, m such a nature as ours, all of whose affec- tions are so simple and foolish, what must it be in God! Conceive, if it is possible, what must be the holy del ight of God'«) heart in lavishing its affection upon His people ; what must be the joy of Christ when He comes and manifests 'Himself to His saints as He does not unto the world. A benevolent mind delights in the exercise of benevolence. God is infinitely so. Infinite, therefore, must be the satisfaction of His heart, intense the de- light of his soul, when He sheds »broad His love in the hearts of His people, when H e draws near in the day that they call upon Him, and manifests Himself as a loving, tender, faithful Father. " Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness, those that remember thee in thy way." Since, then, the Father delights to unlock the springs of His love, and to fill the heart to overflowing, take your poor, timid, doubt- ing heart and place 'it; beneath those springs, that it may be perfect in love, and, perfected in love, all slavish fear will be expelled. God rests in the immutability .of His love. It is a love +hat knows no change in its character, and no va- riation in its degree. There never has been a period in which the love of God in Christ towards His people I has been more or less than it is at this moment, must have been great before conversion, because then was that He gave His only begotten Son that th might live through Him. Then, too, it was He sent H own Spirit to regenerate their minds, and to mal them new creatures in Ohrist Jesus. If He thus lov< them before conversion, when they were yet sinne, think you, dear reader, that His love can be less sin conversion ? Impossible ! God rests in the unchang ableness of His love towards His saints. Nothing ct move Him from it. Nothing can disturb His repos When He set His heart upon His people, He foress, and foreknew all that was in them. He knew whc they would revolt, when they would start aside like broken bow, when they would stumble and f»ll. K knew al] their waywardness, and folly, and ingratitud " I knew that thou wouldst deal very treacherously says God. And yet He loved them. Acquainted wit their sin, does He not chasten it ? and in chasteninj doe« He withdraw His love from them Î Listen to H own words-" If his children forsake my law, and wal not in my judgments : if they break my statures, an keep not my commandments ; then will I visit the: t^ansgref sions with the rod, and their iniquities wit stripes. Nevertheless my loving-kindnesB will I nc utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness t fail." What language can more strongly set forth tb Lord's determination to correct the departures of Hi people, while yet resting in the unohangeableness c His love towards them ? The marginal rendering of the passage, wbioh w have thus been briefly amplifying, is exceedingly beau tiful and expressive : "He will be silent because of Hi love." Divine wrath ÍB silent, because love has hushe< it. Divine justice is silent, because love has satisfie< it Siu is silent, because love has condemned it. Sitá- is silent, because love has vanquished him. God's lov< has silenced every voice hut its own. When an accusa tion was brought against a poor sinner in the presen ci "f Jesus, and He was called upon to Adjudicate in th. case, it is recorded that He " stooped down, and wit! bis .finger wrote on the ground, as though he heart] them not." He was silent, because of His love Í And have we no accusers? Ah, yes, many'and just. Oon science accuses, and Satan acouses, and sin accuses-bul Jesus accuses not ; He is silent because of His love They condemn loudly, fiercely, justly, but He never condemns. " And agai« he stooped down and wrote on the ground.'' Still not a word of condemnation breathed from his lips. He had been wronged, He had been sinned against, His own holy law had been broken, and the witneose8, many and malignant, are there to testify in truth against tho sinner-but Jesus is silent, and silent in His love. . Some write their wrongs in marble-He more just, Btoop'd down serene, and wrote His in the dust ; Trod under foot, the sport of every wind, Swept from (he earth, and blotted from His mind ; There, buried in the dust, He bude them lie, And grieved Ho could not keep thom from tho Almighty's eye. What sweet repose is hore for the saints of God ! Does God rest in His love? then the believer in Jesus may rest in it foo. Does Infinity find repose here? then maya poor finite creature. J ORS Immanuel rest in it ? then may I, resting in Immanuel If it is enough for Jehovah, surely it is enough for'tho people of Jeho- vah. Our dear Lord's exhortatioji harmonizes with this truth. "Abide in moJ.w' "As the Father hath j loved me, so have I loved you"} ^Mintie ye in my j love." Beloved, come and rest in this ícrvé^ Jeane in í vites yon to its blessed repose. Are you weary* íóíseid j with tempest? Is there sadness in your spirit, sorróv? I in your heart, a cloud upon your mind? Is some crye I tal cistern broken, Home fragrant flower withered, «orne I fond and pleasant mercy gone? " Come," says Jesus, "áíjia fèift itt my love-r^st in the reality of my love rest in tî.6 depth of my love-rest in the tenderness of my love-rest ii .th* deathlessness of my love!" O blessed rest! Poor, heart-broken sinner, weeping penitent, weary, labouring soul ! what dost thou want Mercy? it is in Christ. Forgiveness? it is in Christ. Acceptance? it is in Christ. The silencing power bi love ? it is in Christ. A reconcilt d Father, a pacified God ? He is in Christ. All that you need is in t hrist. Draw near, then, and rest in His love. The Father rests in J°sus-His justice rests in Jesus, His holiness tests in Jesus, His truth rests in Jesus, His power reste in Jestts-and in Jesus you too may rest ! God rests in His love towards yetti, because He rests in the Sou of His love. And in the Bott of His love year weary, jaded j trembling spirit may find full and eternal re- puse. If God thus rests in His love towards us, bow jealotít» ought we to be of the fervour and fidelity of our íovt» to Him! Ah! how inconstant* and Wavering, and rostlèss have been our affections ! How little have we" rested in our love to Christ ! Other objects ¿ave at- tracted us away from it, and we have been as ehar/ge* able as the wind, and as unstable as the sea. But let us watch over this holy affection, apart from which God takes no pleasure in mir sacrifices or services. Let it be our aim to yield up whatever rivals Christ. He sacrificed all for the love He bore uá * let us sacrifice all that He requires for the love we bear Hlia. Jesus ÍB worthy-O how worthy-of our deepest, stroflgost, most self-consuming affection. And God, who gave us His Son, asks nothing in return but that we give Him our heart. Let His love, then, constrain ns to a more unreserved obedience, to a holier walk, to a more ardent, inseparable attachment to Him, to His people, and to His cause, Let us, in this day of easy and abounding profession-this day of papal encroachment, and of popish imitation - this day of exaltation of human au- thority above the word of God-this day of error, of rebuke, and of blasphemy- this day of rapid and of excited action-this last, solemn dispensation of the world, the eventB of which are rapidly ushering in the coming of the Son of God-let us, under the influence of more simple faith, and more fervent love, and bright- ening hope, "go forth unto Jesus without the camp, bearing his reproach,'1 resting amidst our conflict and our toil, where the Father restB- where the sinner rest», where we may rebt-IN JESUS. Jesu», I rest in Thee, In Thee myself I bide : Laden with jruilt and misery. Where can 1 rest beside? 'Tis on Thy meek and lowly breast My weary soul alone can rest. Thou Holy One of God ! The Father rests in Thee, And in the savour of that blood Which speaks to Him for me : The curse is gone-through Thee I'm blest, God rests in Thee-in Thee I rest. * Soon the bright glorious day The rest of God-will come, Sorrow and sin shall pass away. And I shall reach my home : Then, of the promised land possessed, My soul shall know eternal rest. " The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen." 