ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; On Monday night last Mr. Dampier ap peared at the Theatre Royal as Hamlet. When the announcement was first made by the management that "Hamlet" was going to be performed with no star to represent the principal cha racter, [public attention was arrested by each an unusual quality of circumstance. Not that anybody supposed it impoBaible for the stock-company of the Royal to present the ' tragedy, but that, as the starring method had ' so long been the role, speculation was a little stimulated as to the reasons which had in duced the management to go out of its track, and at last to have brought itself to the con. viction of its being possible to play Shak. speare unaided by imported co-operation. That Mr. Dampier had long been a not able favourite with the public, there could be no sort of doabt He had played all sorts of characters-some admirably ; soma moderately well, and some perhaps* little lees thanmoderately, but in none ootid ho besaid to have failed. Nevertheless to be candid, I think there were doubts at to his entire fitness for giving Hamlet with a tine Shakspearian relish; and this notwith standing the well-understood belief, tmt no intelligent actor can quite fail in ttv part, seeing bow the momentum of its ora in separable interest, is able to cany itin even under circumstances which would seem to militate against its entire succe# on the stags. Probably Mr. Dampier hfcaself had a presentiment of this feeling, s*d though confident-as the result shoipd-of his ability to do much more than not quite to fail, he must have ben painfully oosscious that he had to ovevome a dead weight which, although not ppjudioe, might perhaps amount to somethingUke doubt and distrust It was quite clear however, that his friends hoped he would succeed, for frhen he came on, he had a receptbn such as oould not have been more cordw or prolonged, if he had played the part, triumphantly a hundred times. It is nof'too much to say that he succeeded bur tsyond what a very sanguine anticipation mfeht have predicted. His Hamlet is distinguished by a rare naturalness, whioh qote takes it cat of the range of only conventbnal playing He has uscdlfr intelligence p weU,tbat>inJthe main, 4uebas{gone straightto his object He has studied the charact^ with aloving/reverence, unbiassed bytradltion, and haw sought to ?understand its subtle meaninf the part aided by his ownintelligence aid the pore light whioh has from time ttf time been thrown upon tp genuine Siakspearians tudenta, among Whom Mr. Danpier himself, must be allowei, from this time to rake an honourable plate. I Acondition M his estimate a the charaoter obviously is, that ft prindpA if liot the fading, element in it shoufl be a| strong qpality of affection. And u analysis of it can hardly fail to show thai/this isa most oorrect conilusiontodraw. Camlet is essen tially of s loving nature. His affectionate reveres ce for his dead fatter is of an over mastering Jtind. His ten/er duty I to his mother, is made all the apparent by his disgust that she should a united to a man for vrtom he has anftbhorrence. He b as'lavished a wealth of love upon the fair Opbela,vaad his wafm frlndship for pontic continually declares itSeU JnShort, his, is ©neofihow gentle patups which pnpst con. i.tfoi&lj; have-somethinjw love, and ftU his fpve ispure/ seU-denj^K, ana uneUcting. Thia then is thfcbMis'4ponwSich Mr. Dampier has oonstraoted his representation, and it not only) forms the basis, but it echoed all through the rest of the ? structure There Is thus a very interesting consistency in the representation, and the consequent effect upon the spectator is of that agreeable kindwbioh comes from a harmonions wholr ness. The mind is not disturbed by discardg, but gets the effect of unity and therefore of strength. Especially he brought into sffeo* tive use the qualities of repose and Intensity, New and then indeedi there was a disposi. tion to bound off into melodramatic loudnesg, but this was so occasional, as to suggest no more remonstrance than Mr. Danipieft good sense will induce him to accept. The exceptions to intelligent earnestness were few, and of brief continuance,^ were probably the result, less of it, liberate purpose, than of a natural eagerness not to miss an opportunity of strengthening an impression. But the restraint Mr, Dtto« pier put upon himself in situations where there is a Btrong temptation to indulge in fortissimo declamation, was of the .most creditable kind. For example, in the jUt form scene, there was no straining, no fe&sp.; ing, no breast-heaving, as is so frequently the ! case with your only-conventional Haqilet; but the emotion showed itself in a well" declared horror which oould nqt be. mis. taken. He listened to the ghost> rpcii&l; ai if paralysed with amazement,, and .fully com. municated this feeling to 'the audience Indeed, it may be taken as an evidence d Mr. Dampier's most excellent performance of this part, that he was listened to with an unbroken silenoe in those passages when emotional intensity is a characteristic of tta situation. It was so far imposaible for anj sense of weariness to overtake the attention of the listener, that the interest appealed to grow as the play proceeded. Of the manner in which Mr. Dampiet dealt with several passages upon whoseinter. pretation there has been controversy, Bmch might be said. In all he adopted a view con formable to those principles of common sense, which of late have influenced the best actors who have dealt with the character. For example, whew, after his interview with the Ghost, Horatio and Maroellus urge him to tell them what the Ghost has said, ha makes it c)cnr that it is only to Marcellus he isdesirons of being reticent It is quite possible to do this without in any way departing from ttia It is a matter of punctuation and em. pbasis, and, considering how completely Horatio is taken into Hamlet's confidents during all ths rest of the play, then canba little room f*r doubt, that it wssShskspeare'a jptfrftrvn this should be the inter* pretation- In like manner, in the scene with Optelia in the third act, .when the King and Polonius ate observing him, he adopts the method of which Mr. Mont> gomery made such wonderful use, of justify ing bis harshness to Ophelia, by the jurtr obtained knowledge that she is eognipantof the mpinnage practised upon him by het father and the King. In the Boliloqnj bcwa Mr. Damper comes on with a dram aw«d, the intention being, no doubt, to Biggest an immediate purpose of suisidc, to tfricb, indeed, the soliloquy all points. It i questionable, however, if the effect is im« i proved, regarded entirely from an art point of view. The introduction of the sword, however, suggests an intelligent desire to give to the scene, and although Mr. Dampier will probably see reason todiscon tjnnii the practioe, the act may be taken ai an evidence of bis desire to leave nothing which in bis opinion plight ail the effect It does not in any way lessen the value of Mr. Dampier's merit intta character, that he was occasionally imperfect in the text Indeed, considering the lab* nous duties hs has bad to perform evfi since he has been with us, the wonder ratbs is that he oould have found time to maUj Ktmnif so generally familiar with it as u unquestionably is. But it is quite supe* fluous to tell a gentleman of Mr. Dampieri real Shakspeadan enthusiasm, that a dpi textual accuracy is indispensable to an enW sucoess in such a part*" Hamlet. Jn the details of this present represent* (jon of the tragedy, some particulars h»« been,adopted which, to my thinking, taj the merit of improvement as well as novel® and with the introduction of which, I takeft Mr. Dampier is to be credited. Among thee are a change from the customary '' room the palace" in the first soene of tbe®eooM act, to an apartment with an open <xaonnv> at the further end. Through this thew «» view of the sea, and the suggestivepess0' tw arrangement is apparent, when Hamlet to deliver the passage including the wowj '' This most exoellent canopy the air, too* this brave o'erhanging (firmament), jestical roof,.fretted with guldenfire. this ppint, Mr. Dopier ^alkstothe bwk* the soens and points upwards, #^ the action'to the fowl with a niort tdM .pp»p,Ul.wm 80 scene there is a chapel Jp^he: ei«* ^ hence when Mr. Dampier repeated w words-- ? ... . * t-. f* '. ;., -« And Ipr natoe ^wn*ppi* look yon, I'll go pray" ? t .w and moved away as if about to chapel, its presenoe strode one ^ssji , within the range of required eoceMon« Again, in the fourth act, just after the has announced the drowning of Op^w»jy( body is borne in upon a bier, the awjWj resting upon hsr face, ^And/thew w ', sufficient musicsl accompaniment r to the solemnity of the soene, which ^ a more telling effect than l evw.iw"i . the fourth act to b*ye ended. . -| stances ol intelligent cap, and th®fr discernment of what is appropnawi ^ deserves particular mention, and aM»j bigb praise Mr. Dampier has sojusuy^ in connexion with , thJiiP^0T0* "Hjrolet." r.-, ... ? nj; ButI hear that Mr. Pwtfe* to ' fi0j and it seem? to me that outthe merits of tjwM fk° **** time been with as, than we are destined to lose tbem. I can only hope that hp will find it to his interest soon to comebacktO ua, A member of a company Who can play Hamlet bo well as - ho can, ought to (be »e cured-if possible-as a permanent qiem. ber of it Amongst those who appeared with , Mr. Dampier on this occasion was MissStam. men. who sustained the character of Ophelia for the first time in Australia. If. not a brilliant performance, it was at least a very respectable one. Mr. Law rence played the King; but candour compels the declaration that Mr. Law* rence does not excel 'in kings, parte thus allotted to Sir. Bolton, and it is only just to say that he was more nearly at his best than in anything he has done of late. A Mr rpgtnnn played the prieBt. - Now, the priest tas not mnch to say, bat of that little Mr. Tasman knew only a small portion, through which he stumbled like a broken- kneed horse in a stony waterhole. If Mr, Tasman's memory be bo bad that he cannot remember the dozen lines he has to say in response to the beseeching of Laertes, he had. better write them npon the book he carries. Of all the others who were concerned in this w*, mention has on former occasions beenm&de;,Bothat little more is now to W said. For all that, it may be remarked that; Mr. Harwood's Ghost was never better; that Mr Stuart O'Brien's Polonius lost nothing of its courtly dignity; that Mr. Appleton's Laertes was as earnest and as fittingly appointed in PMinw as need be wished; that Mrs. Bryer had improved npon her former Queen; that Mr. Greville's Gravedigger exhaled as much genuine humour as it is wont to do; and that Mr. Taylor made of the small part of Mar cellos a most creditable deal, considering its relative unimportance. But Mr. Deorwyn is so anxious to much of his First ;Actor that he causes one to think only of Mr. Deorwyn, more especially when the First Actor, who is supposed to be reciting to Hamlet, turns his back npon Hamlet and addreBseB the audience. Nothingcould possibly be in greater contrast wi th " Hamlet" at theTheatre Royal than "Les Pres St. Gervais" at the Opera-house produced for the first time on Monday. And yet they differ in kind only, not in degree. Miss Melville is as agreeable to see in the little Prince de Conti, as Mr. Dampier is in Hamlet, always premising, of course, that the two are as different from each other as a grand waterfall in a mountain-chasm, is from a rippling fountain in a bright flower, garden. Some people cannot understand how it is possible to like equally, essentially different things. Need I say that it is so po» sible ? If you doubt it, you may go one night to see Mr. Dampier and the next Miss Mel ville, and if you do not derive an equal mea sure of gratification-I do not say a like kind-you are difficult to please. " Les Pr6s St Gervais" is, as to its ma terials, the veriest bagatelle. I suppose most people know, that long before Lecocq shaped it into an opera, Sardou's comedy of that name had been made popular through the delightful acting of Dejazet, in the part now played by Miss Melville. So that Lecocq had the advantage of dealing with a subject most agreeably familiar to the Parisian public. In its lyric form, it seems to have been almost as acceptable as in its dramatic, bo that it comes to us here with the prestige of success. I am not sura if it is going to enjoy the long-extended favour that "La Fille de Madame Angdt" did, but, without indulging in predictions; which are So fre quently at fault, especially in matters of stage productions, there can be no doubt that "Les Pi6s St Gervais " as we now have it in Melbourne, furnishes a most agreeable enter tainment For simplicity of plot it oould hardly be exceeded. Indeed as a Btory, the whole action might very well be made to pass n one act There is a love episode to be Burey but the business of the piece Consists in the fanning away of a truant schoolboy Who, being also a prince, finds his dignity Some thing jostled against, when he gets among people not of his own rank. A number of minor incidents are interwoven with this chief fabric;, bat they only vary the' oolour .nd do not alter the substance. In the first act we have the bustle of the street with a school just let loose. In the second we have the Prto St Gervais; or, as we might tall it » our Australian vocabulary, the St jGervals paddock, and therein a picnic; and in the third there is a bowling- green overlooking the paddock. Everything is pretty an<l bright and cheerful. Leoocq oleaiiy. intended this opera to be a comic opera, and not nan opera bouffe, so that' burlesque or exttavaganoe would be out of place., Tie itausioi ripple*, and babbles and meanders; nt?* ana then, it < rises into crests of foam; andanon, gambles : Into a laughing cloud of spray. It-never flags, nfever larks in stagnant pools. It arrests the ear agreeably at all tarns, whether in the harmony of eonoerted passages or the single sweetness of unblended melodies. It does not startle ypa into delighted (rapture, nor translate you into the heaven of ] solemn ecstasy, l»ut it bathes you in an atmosphere of sunshine, and you go away at. the end glad tothinkthatlife's passages are notallthrOugh bramble-armed rocks, but that iii sylvan glades one may forget the world is some times weary, and men and women oftjutikind. The charaoters npon which your attention chiefly rest aro two; to ifit, the little Prince and hie tutor, represented re spectively by MissMelviUe and Mr. Leopold. The one Is all daintiness, the other allgro- i tesque,' and-their several qualities] help to I ®ftc^ otber. It may be that you -have liked Miss Melville better in parts] she has previously played, bat apart from bompari sons, yon 'cannot ; help Hiring figf very muohin this. Mr. Leopold is | folly in Ms element; he revels in fan, and Us Inn never leaves 6ff. AboJt: these two larger lights the lesser orbs T revolve. Thus there is a sergeant, subitantiallf represented -by Mr. Beaumont jla lover, jauntily played by Mr. Biacy; a florist, pio turesquely denoted by Miss Thompson L an adoredyonngperson, pleasantly impersonated by Mtss Winston;a glovemaker, reatoriably well fitted by Mr.'Johnson; a glover's ifife, comfortably sketched by Mrs. Fox; a discon solate grass widow, tearfully wailed by kiss Wooldridge; and a crying child, naturally howled by "Master Bono. Besides these, {hen are two military persons of uncertain attributes hungrily demonstrated, by Mr. Fofde and Mr. Bell, the latter of whom 'does some! futtny things In tbe way of ooifaical dancing. "Lee Pr6a St Gervais" then is not a grand opera, nor an opera to set yon off soaring Into musical beatitudes, but it is something to amuse yon and to please yon, and what more in reason oan yon desire 1 Next Thursday night lb. and Mrs, Bracy will take their .joint benefit, and they will play on the occasion, for the last time, " La Fille de Madame AngGt" and "Trial by Jnry," and Miss Melville wQl sing " Lo, here the gentle laik." Mr. and Mis. Bracy have deserved so well at the hands of the public of this city that they will be Bore to have a full house. Mr. Bracy is one of those men who have the happy art of making themselves liked under all drcomstanoes, and I know of no one more generally popular, or who de serves to be so, than he. It is a pity we are going to lose so many well-established favourites, bat, after all, this little corner of the world can only be regarded as a kind of halting-place in the long jonmey made by those who make all the world their route. On Monday and Tuesday the Bev. Charles Clark finished his adieuxto the Victorian people at Geelong. The houses were crowded on both occasions, and there was much en thusiasm. On Thursday he went go to Sydney, en route to California, acoom* panied by his agent, Mr. K. S. S my the. Of course you know Smythe; or if yon do not you have missed a pleasure the value of which only those can estimate who do know him. I have known Smythe these 21 years, and therefore I ought to be able to speak of him with confidence. Apart from being a good fellow, a pleasant companion, a. reliable friend, and an intelligent and capable man of letters, Smythe has seen, more of the world than most people. He has done all the civilised regions in Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australasia, and he knows everybody of note likely to be met in that considerable portion of the world. He has read both books and men, not only diligently bat with profit; and I know nobody who posseses a clearer insight into character than he does. As a business man he is simply wonderful. He thinks of every thing, and he quarrels with nobody. He conciliates the most implacable adversaries, and he makes fast friends of those who, by less politic management, would develope into enemies. He has not yetbeea to America, but I should think he is jost the man to succeed there; for besides being sharp, shrewd, and in the most complete sense wide-awake, he is the very type of geniality and good nature. I know no man igg liirAly to be taken in. I know no man more ready to do a kindly act when the object of his kindness is deserving. Mr. Clark is most fortunate in having secured him ftB his agent, and if any part of his suc cess is to be determined by good address> gentlemanly bearing, and apt business habit® in the management of his affairs, he is well supplied with the means for obtaining it I have on more than one occasion expressed my strong sense of the value of Mr. Clark's lecture* and I have now bat to say that, if his own peculiar merit, and Mr. Smythe's ex ceptional talent in management, do not bring A fflrrNprtH«"B measure of success in. the United States to that he has obtained in tfrm <y>ir>n^Ra. I shall have to change my opinion of the general intelligence of the American people. TAHITE. 