THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, W6. In writing for last Summary for England a resume of the history of the Main Line Railway and the then relations between the Government and the Company, the parties to the contract, we mentioned that though the contract date for the construction of the line had expired, and the Company were running trains between Hobart Town and a point on the Launceston and Western Railway called Evandale Junction, the Government had declined to recognise the service supplied as in compliance with the terms of the contract, in respect, us they held, that there were serious defects in the nature of the work, as shown in gross irregularity in the running of the trains and repeated accidents, and further because in stopping their trains at the Junction the Company do not comply with the Government reading of the contract, which requires the running of trains to and from the terminal station at Launceston. Holding this position, the Government had up to that date declined to acknowledge liability in the conditionally guaranteed subsidy, and we anticipated that as the Company were running trains at a loss, the dread of accident preventing anything like their general use ; a crisis was imminent, and we said that in view of such a contingency it was the duty of Ministers to be firm ; while scrupulously avoiding any step that would prejudice the fair and legitimate claims of the Company, to be equally resolute in defending the interests of the Colony, so that equal justice should be done between the parties. So far the Government had acted with commendable caution and pru- dence, and the Colony holding them, as the parties who had entered on the contract, responsible for its sufficiency, was prepared to con- done political shortcomings that they might retain office till there was obtained a definite settlement of all claims against the Colony arising out of the contract. There was a general agent in the opinion that they who had entered on the contract were the best able to define its meaning where doubtful, and should, therefore, be allowed to carry it to a successful issue. We had every confidence in their faithfully discharging the trust that all were so ready to place in them. But their prudence and firmness appear to have failed them at the very juncture when the Colony had most need of such qualifications in its rulers. Carrying out a long devised arrangement, Government sought the assistance of Engineers from three of the neighbouring Colonies to examine and report on the construction of the line ; but they committed the grave error in judgment of bringing these gentlemen here without having first ascertained in what light the Engineer and General Manager of the Company, Mr. Grant, would regard the interference of his professional brethren. There was a want of courtesy, to say nothing else, on the part of Government in thus ignoring Mr. Grant, who refused to allow the Engineers to proceed along the line, or to grant them such facilities as I were tantamount to a refusal. He naturally held that Government, having under the contract jno power of inspection during construction, could not claim any such right, or set up any title to interference so long as they denied that the line was open for traffic. The reasoning was more legitimate than its application was wise, for the refusal of the Manager inferred a fear of inspec- tions confirmation of the general belief in the faulty construction of the line and had Government maintained that masterly inactivity that was their wisest policy, a definite issue would have been speedily arrived at, and they and the Company would not have been long left in doubt as to their rights and engagements. The question involved was simply the sufficiency of the line. The sufficiency of the contract would have remained intact, and its " purposely bald and vague provisions of which so much has been said, would have left untouched the crucial test of speed on which Government, in the absence of minute details, had laid so much value. The only penalty the Colony would have had to pay would have been to recompense the visiting Engineers for their time. The nominal defeat of Ministers might have been irritating to them, but would have been no victory to the Company. But rather than fail in their inspection of the line or, perhaps, we should say, rather than be exposed to the jeers of the public on account of the fool's errand they had given the three Engineers, Government so far abandoned their stronghold as to play into the hands of the Manager of the Company, and to step into the dilemma from which they thereby relieved him. The question of inspection as to construction was allowed to merge into one of repairs, and the completion of the contract both as to the construction of the line and its length was thus, if we and others able to give an opinion do not very much misinterpret the law, accepted as beyond dispute, and the Colony's liability in the conditionally stipulated interest on the cost surrendered at discretion. The' only course open to Ministers on Mr. Grant's refusing perfect facility for inspecting the line, was to abandon the idea if they meant i to maintain their attitude, and to stick to the contract and its speed test as the measure of the Colony's liability to the Company. We fail to see safety in any middle course, and therefore feel pained in the extreme at the line of action Ministers have unfortunately adopted. It admits that Evandale Junction is the northern terminus that the line has been constructed satisfactorily that the contract has been im- plemented by the Company and that the train service is carried on by it under, and in full compliance with the requirements of the contract. This may be considered a sweeping assertion, but it is a correct one. A thing must be completed and used before it requires repairs. Government departed from their demand that experienced gentlemen should examine and report on the " construction " of the line, and limited their enquiry into whether the line is in " good repair and efficient working order." They gave notice to Mr. Grant under the 5th Section of the Railway Amendment Act, 34 . Victoria's No. 13, and Mr. Grant being only too glad to accommodate Ministers in their new request, the engineers commenced their inspection on Saturday the 27th ultimo. The section referred to reads as follows: " The said person or Company shall be bound at all times to keep the said Railway and whole undertaking in good and efficient repair and working condition and in case it shall appear to the Governor-in-Council, upon the report of any officer appointed for the purpose, that the works in any part are not in good and efficient repair and working condition, it shall be lawful for the Governor-in-Council, utter such notice as to him shall seem fit and proper, and on default by the said person or Company, to direct the necessary repairs and works to be performed at the cost of the said person or Company by persons to be appointed by the Governor-in-Council in that behalf and the cost of executing such repairs and works, and all charges connected therewith, shall and may be recovered from the said person or Company at the suit of the Minister of Lands and Works before any Court of competent jurisdiction." This section, we maintain, has no application to any question as to the construction of the line. It presupposes its complete construction, and the trains having run under the contract sufficiently long to cause inquiry as to whether the service can be longer continued with safety. This cedes to the Company all that Mr. Grant has hitherto argued for. The only further question is one of repairs. And if such be required who is to make them ? We might ask, assuming the Company refuse will the Government undertake the task 1 If not, what the use of an inspection under this clause of the Act Î But it may be said, and we believe is said, that the action of Government in resorting to the clause quoted was a clever device to get a report on the construction of the line under cover of a clause providing for repairs. We can have no sympathy with such sharp practice. It was a mere quibble, and would have placed the inspecting Engineers in a false position at any rate these gentlemen did not relish the position in which the action of Ministers would have left them. They saw its anomalous and unprofessional position character, and we believe they declined to go upon the line as a sort of detectives shamming to examine the line as to required repairs while they would have been, in fact, preparing for a report on the construction of the line. Mr. Gk ant came to the relief of the engineers in a dilemma that might have proved awkward for Government. Having in his possession a document under the hands of Government demanding an inspection for repairs, and thereby acknowledging that the line had been completed, and that the service of trains from Hobart Town to Evandale Junction was full compliance with the contract, Mr. Grant could afford to be generous, and he accordingly gave the engineers an authority to examine the line in regard to construction as well as repairs ; an arrangement that, while removing the scruples of the gentlemen whom Government would have had do a mean thing, still further strengthens the position of the Railway Company, for it cedes to them on the part of Government all that the Company have maintained as to the manner in which they have carried out their portion of the contract. The Government, we believe, deny that their action in connection with the inspection of the line will have any such effect. We wish we could think as they do. But they have not left us the means of judging favourably of them, however much inclined. There has been great disingenuousness in their treatment of the public. They have shrouded themselves in suspicious secrecy, and felt much annoyed that the nature of their negociations with the Manager of the Company should have become known to the public. Why should Ministers be vexed that their secret had got vent 1 Why should they have made their determination a secret 1 Mr. Grant's refusal to allow the Engineers to inspect and report on the construction of the line was not kept as a secret. We were promised that so soon as any definite arrangement was come to, we, as public journalists, should be made acquainted with it, " that it might be made known to the public. Why was not this done ? Why the changed policy of secrecy 1 The only intelligible explanation is that the Government must have felt that they had resolved on a course which it was not desirable the press or the public should know till such time as it would be too late for public opinion to make itself felt. The desire to keep the people in the dark, and the chagrin of certain Ministers because this desire has been frustrated, we regard as- painfully suspicious. Any question as to the legal purport of the contract appears to us to have been abandoned, and all is staked on a professional report. The nature of the railway works may be declared faulty, or it may not. We have our own suspicions that the past working of the line and its construction have some relation. But in any case, Government have needlessly weakened, if not abandoned, their plea as to the Northern terminus being at Launceston. The political situation is an unsettled one, and eminently disheartening. The present Ministry's popularity has been for some time waiting per- ceptibly, and their recent action in connection with the Main Line Railway contract has alien- j ated from them many of their staunchest I supporters. Ministers seem to have impaled themselves on the horns of this dilemma. They have in order to hide their blundering in bringing Engineers to examine the Line without pro I viding for their being allowed to do so, sacrificed the interest of the Colony to obtain the Manager's connivance at glossing over their laches, or they have descended to a piece of subterfuge dis- creditable to the Colony. Their early resignation on the meeting of Parliament seems a foregone conclusion, but if we may judge from the capacity and characteristics of the leaders of the Opposition, we see no hope of the Colony being betteredbyanyposBiblesuccässors. In fact we have little reliance in any improvement even after a general election, there is in Tasmania on Bitch occasions such a superabundance of ineligible candidates, and such apathy on the port of the class of men to whom we might naturally look to come to the relief of the Colony, that, much as we feel disappointed with the recent tactics of Government, we are inclined rather to bear those ills we have, than fly to others that we know not of." And yet we i do ! so with a very bad grace. Ministers have forfeited our confidence. But-and many others whose support has been similarly alienated do so also-we look with little short of dismay to the accession to office of those who have been session after session assailing the Ministerial position that they might themselves secure the coveted offices. This aim they have pursued with scarcely a pretext to any principle. The very means they admit to be calculated to promote the progress and prosperity of the Colony they re- ject or obstruct, lest in assenting to a popular measure they might strengthen the position of Ministers. Such unpatriotic motives of action cannot be too severely reprehended. If we look to our position as a Colony we never had more cause to be wary ; never more induce- ment to be prompt and liberal in an expenditure on public works designed to foster and establish the mining industries in gold, iron, and tin that half a dozen years ago entered not into our thoughts, but are evidently now calculated to give Tasmania such an impetus as, if not culpably frustrated, must place Tasmania in the foremost place among the prosperous Colonies of the British Empire. In somewhat similar circumstances a South Australian journal said " Having regard to the urgent necessity there is for prompt action and not idle talking, this is no time for mere struggles for office and for any delay that may arise in the prosecution of public works the Opposition, and they only, are to blame. A fairer opportunity was never presented for the Colony to take a tremendous stride in advance. But if this is allowed to slip we may be sure that a successful struggle to gratify personal vengeance now will only be the precursor of similar struggles by means of which the time will be frittered away and the public business delayerV' Yet this is just what, for the last two years, the Opposition here has been doing, and the objection applies more particularly to the Upper Chamber, in which eight gentlemen, full of antiquated notions swayed by prejudices, and qualified to legislate as the representatives of the property rather than of the intelligence of the Colony, have successfully resisted the liberal and onward policy of the House of Assembly, adopted not as in the Council by a majority of one, but by upwards of two to one. For some time, and till recently, Governments were, more stable in Tasmania than in any of the other Colonies. We were more conservative, and thus Ministers here could give their undivided attention to the government of the Colony. While our neighbours were indulging in a continued struggle for office, Tasmania had been labouring to effect a removal of those restrictions on trade in the shape of Customs duties that i constitute the group of Colonies as so many foreign nations and though the fruit of a free trade has been slow in ripening, more rational principles are making headway, and we do not despair of intercolonial free trade becoming a great fact, though in the unsettled Ministerial position here, as in all the other Colonies just now, there exists at present an insuperable barrier, which we do not expect to see overcome till there is in some of the Colonies a settled Ministry that can take the active initiative which Tasmania has so long maintained. At present we have little hope of our Ministry being able to resume its labours in so desirable a direction. "We are engaged in a personal contention for office on the part of men in the Opposition who act as if they would gladly welcome the ruin of the Colony, if, as they hope, it would involve in the crash the downfall of Ministers and legislators whose position and influence have been to their less successful rivals a cankering evil. The sunshine is nothing to such political or rather party dyspeptics so long as the sun shines on others as well as on themselves. Therefore they throw cold water on any proposal to give better means of communication to the tin-bearing districts ; public works in the abstract they speak the praises of, but always with a qualification condemnatory of any specific scheme proposed and any reference to intercolonial free trade they treat with undisguised scorn. In such a political deadlock as we are thus threatened with perhaps a change of Ministry would be one of the best things that could happen the Colony. There is a body of men in Parliament whose parliamentary life has only one object-to get out of the present Ministers that they themselves may obtain office. Their selfish struggles block the way against progress, and obstruct useful legislation. The best way of meeting such a feeling and removing the obstruction would be for the Government to make way for those whose aspirations for place and pay have for some sessions hindered public business. Let these try their hands. If, which we fear, they prove incompetent, alike without the capacity or the strength to govern the Colony, they will be taught a lesson that may not be lost on them, for if they fail to aid in carrying on, they may also cease from obstructing the public business. If on the contrary, which we do not hope for, they can give us a capable Ministry, properly supported in Parliament, we shall be not more surprised than pleased. We shall cheerfully accept any Ministry that desires to rule the Colony well, and has the strength to do it. We desire to see the work done, and care nothing as to the agency compared with the quality of the work. The public interest, the advancement of the Colony in material wealth, the prosperity of the people, and equal justice to all, have been the objects we have had in view and we have hitherto supported Ministers because we regarded them as desirous of forwarding these objects, and believed times better able than any other probable set of men to carry them out. But our faith in them has been rudely shaken.' "We have felt constrained, while affording Ministers a fair and generous support, to emphatically dis- sent from their very incomprehensible action in regard to the Colony's relations with the Main Line Railway Company, and also to express our disapproval of their want of decision in matters of importance with which they appear to deal aslf there were safety in procrastination and as if thus trusting to something turning up, they hoped to avoid the animadversions of their political opponents. This temporising with duty as well as with difficulties is not of a character to raise them in the eyes of public spirited and patriotic colonists, and if we could see a prospect of abler men, men more prepared to abandon expediency and rise to duty, and a sense of the necessity for prompt and decisive action towards furthering the material progress and industrial energies of the Colony, we should gladly welcome their accession to power, Meantime, public confidence is being withdrawn from Ministers, and the people look in vain for more reliable successors. It is an unpleasant dilemma, yet Ministers seem to want the energy required to recover their lost hold on the public confidence. In our other sheet will be found the first instalment of the agricultural statistics for 1875-6, kindly furnished by the Statistician in anticipation of the publication of the complete returns. The table comprises the yield of wheat, ' oats, potatoes, and hay, from all the districts in the Colony except four, the returns from which have not yet been received. Though the for a nation is not as complete as we had a right to expect considering that we have entered upon the month of June yat an opportunity is afforded us of ascertaining what our supply of breadstuffs is for this year. It has been generally known that, on account of the partial failure of the harvest in the North, the quantity of wheat available for consumption would be greatly diminished and this fact is attested by its present value. There is no better gauge of the probable supply, in the absence of official statistics, than the ruling prices, and if we compare the rates now being paid with those current at the same period last year, we shall find that the dealers in grain must have been possessed of some tolerably accurate information as to the yield of the last harvest. Last year new wheat started at 5s., and at the beginning of June it had fallen to 4s. 6d., with a good supply. This year 5s. was paid for the first lots of newgrain but in March ; there had been a fall of 6d. since which there has been an improvement, and now 5s. 3d. can be obtained readily. Wheat is at least 9d. a per bushel dearer now than at the corresponding a period of 1875. There must be, of course, some good reason for this, and we find it in the return before us. Being desirous of arriving at as close an estimate as possible of this year's yield, we took the liberty of crediting the four municipalities that have not sent in returns with the same quantity of produce that was given in the returns for 1874-5, and in that way making up a complete table. By so doing we arrive at the following results, comparing them with the gross yields of last year : 1874-6. 1876-0. Decrease. Increase, Wheat.... 1,0(10,801 ... 081.809 ... Í84,W)3 ... Oats. 877,213 ... 811,289 ... CD,0U ... Potatoes.. 20,100 ... 26,022 ... 647 ... Har. £1,14 ... 48,806 ... - ... 6,722 The grain is of course given in bushels, and the other produce in town. We feel ourselves perfectly justified in estimating that the yields m Clarence, Glenorchy, Richmond, and Sorell, equal those of last year, because we know from accounts to hand that there has been little, if any, falling-off in those districts and as these two amongst the largest cereal-producing dis trials in the South, the greater part of the decrease of nearly four hundred thousand bushels of wheat has taken place in the North. The result is somewhat startling, and, presuming that the Statistician's returns are correct, the advance in value that has recently taken place is fully warranted. We pass over as of compara- tively little interest at the present time the returns of oats, potatoes, and hay, and directing our attention to those of wheat, it will be interesting to see in what districts this great decrease has principally taken place. The following table will show that 1874-5. 1878-9. Decrease. Botlmcll . 11,138 .. 8,675 .. 2,563 Deloraine . 60,002 .. 20,447 .. 42,535 Evandale. 95,404 ... 66,419 ... S8,l>85 Green Ponds. 26,531 ... 18,818 ... 7.713 Horton. 10,500 ,.., 2,702 ... 7,717 Hamilton . 18,515 ... 12,071 ... 6,844 Launceston (Selby)... 48,146 .. 10,052 ... 18,094 Longford . 207,439 ... 130,745 .. 76,294 New Norfolk. 28.8 ... 18,917 .. 9,671 Oatlands. 30,297 ... 27,784 .. 8,613 Port Sorell.H11.844 ... 43,853 .. 67,901 I "Westbury. 214,017 .. 120,248 ... 94.301) In those twelve districts there is a decrease of 380,139 bushels, which is within about five thousand bushels of the total decrease throughout the Colony. Such results will probably take a great many people by surprise, and they will afford food for serious contemplation regarding the causes of such a marked falling-off. In the absence of the statistics as to the area of land under cultivation, and other facts which will, no doubt, be published by the end of the year, we are unable to ascertain with any definiteness whether the decrease is attributable entirely to rust or whether a portion may be ascribed to some farmers having devoted their land to the cultivation of other cereals or produce. We cannot of course arrive at the average throughout the Colony, which we always look upon as a most interesting fact ; but Mr. NowELL has given us the average in each district that has furnished a return, and we judge from those averages that bad crops, and not a diminution in the acreage, has caused the falling off. The average in Deloraine in 1875 was 1792, while this year it is only 1942 ; Evandale, 1875 20.12 ; 1870, 10-42 ; Longford, 1875, 2156 ; 1870, 1773 a Port Sorell, 1875, 21-25 ; 1870, 1879 ; Westbury, 1875, 1875 ; 1870, 1446. Thus in some cases there has been a decrease of nearly four bushels to the acre, a falling off which spread over a large extent of grain-producing country, makes a considerable difference in the gross yield. There has been a slight increase in some districts. For instance, Brighton yields 5004 bushels more than last year ; Fingal, 001 and Glamorgan, 2,820. In the average, also, there has been an improvement in places. Brighton has an average increase of 50 bushels ; Campbell Town, nearly 4 bushels ; Fingal, 3 bushels and Glamorgan, 62 bushels. These are a few bright spots in the somewhat dark picture that these statistics present before us, and it is just as well that we should not lose sight of them, though they do not materially assist to improve the prospects of our breadstuffs market. It becomes a matter of great moment now to know whether our supply this year will be equivalent to the demand, and in attempting to ascertain that we are met with a difficulty. We are unable to estimate with | any degree of accuracy what stock there was on a hand on the 1st of April last, the statistics we are considering being for the year ended 31st March. Mr. Newell estimated that the surplus last year was 447,283 bushels, but we are inclined to think that it did not reach that quantity. The estimated stock on hand on 1st April, 1875, was 120,022, and we shall be within the mark if we put down 100,000 bushels as the stock on hand on 1st of April last. We thus arrive at the following results : Bushell Estimated Stock on hand 1st April, 1875. 100,000 Produced cropol 1876-6. 081,898 781,893 Estimated! consumption U t mean population at 0 bushels per head. 625,200 For Mull, at 2 bushels per acre. 115,000 \- 740,200 Estimated surplus in 1876-76. 41,093 This surplus may be more or less according to the yields in the four defaulting districts, and according to the stock on hand, which is probably more than we have estimated. On the other hand much of the wheat in the North is known to be of very inferior quality in fact, scarcely fit for milling purposes, and therefore the quantity available for consumption may be less than our present imperfect information leads us to believe. Mr. James Boyd The many friends of Mr. James Boyd, for so many years civil commandant at Port Arthur, will be glad to learn that private letters have been received from him by the mail delivered here on Thursday. He was, at the time of his writing-case April-living in London, in the enjoyment of good health and enjoying his visit to Europe exceedingly, though, we imagine, from the way he writes, that he has still so warm a place in his heart for Tasmania, that he may, at no distant date, find his way back again. Should he do so, he will receive a hearty welcome. We can ill afford to spare such gentlemen from among us. The Runaway Attorney.- Our Launceston correspondent writes A gentleman residing in Launceston, who received by the English mail just to hand, a copy of the West Australian Times of 7th April, a journal published at Perth, in Western Australia, has called my attention to an advertisement in that paper which will be read by a large proportion of your subscribers with some astonish- ment. It is headed 'Notice,' in conspicuous type, and then runs as follows:-"I, Benjamin Williamson Campion, now residing in Perth, Western Australia, give notice that it is my intention, to apply to His Honor the Chief Justice of Western Australia, after one month from this date, to be admitted to practise in the Supreme Court of Western Australia, as a barrister, attorney, solicitor, and proctor thereof. Dated this 4th day of April, 1870. Benjamin W. Campion." This astounding announcement, flaunted in the faces of those confiding persons who were wont to place such unlimited faith in the " honest lawyer " will, when it becomes generally known, fall with something like the force of an electric shock, of of the absconding delinquent has really had the unblushing effrontery to publish his statement and thus gloat over his duped victims, who in many instances have been seriously embarrassed by his delinquencies, no terms can be too harsh to apply to him, and if it is really believed this is a genuine advertisement the creditors ought to spare no pains to see that " within one month from this date " this blatant boasting honest Attorney should be on his way again from Perth in the care of some experienced Tasmanian or Victorian detective, Some of the sufferers by Campion's friends met this evening, and it was decided that the Attorney- General should be communicated with in order to ascertain whether the Government would cause a warrant to be spent in the charge of Borne experienced police officer by the outgoing mail to Western Australia, in order that Campion may have another opportunity of meeting his duped victims. Some Krsons here look upon the announcement in the Perth papers as a hoax, put in by Campion, or some one knowing the circumstances of the case, either as a joke or to throw pursuers off the scent ¡ whilst others, aware of Campion's wild manner and heavy drinking propensities just prior to his departure from the colony, attribute it to a foolish boast when excited by dissipation, and incline also to the belief that the sending of a police officer promptly, may not be altogether without success in bringing the fugitive to justice. There will be another meeting of the creditors to-morrow afternoon, when it will be finally decided whether a warrant will be sent for Campion's apprehension. The Aumin: Thbatiif..-This notorious haunt of vice came under the lash of the Police Magistrate yesterday morning and not before time. That such an institution should exist and flourish in the heart of the city is a disgrace both to the police and to the licensing bench of justices, who must be fully aware of the purpose for which it is kept open, and the scenes that are nightly enacted within its walls. Of late the time of the police court has been constantly occupied in listening to and adjudicating upon charges of assault, threatening language, and similar offences, originating at the Albert Theatre, the parties in nearly all the cases belonging to the lowest class of abandoned women. Yesterday another of these cases came on for hearing, in, which the Bench was compelled to listen to the evidence of no less than four of those persons before it could decide as to whether one woman, the worse for liquor, struck another woman, also the worse for liquor, at the Albert Theatre, on a certain night this week. At the termination of the case, Mr. Tarleton, as will be seen from our police a report, expressed himself very strongly on the intolerable waste of time spent in " listening to the squabbles of prostitutes," and said he should feel it his duty to report to the police that between half-past eleven and twelve o'clock at night on Monday last, drink- ing and fighting were permitted to go on inside the Albert Theatre, which was a licensed building. The fact, be added, was a disgrace to those who have charge of the peace of the city, The police know, as well as Mr. Tarleton and everyone else having occasion to pass that spot any time before midnight, the character of the dancing-room and its frequenters and it is to "° sincerely hoped that the magistrate's unmistakeable reminder may induce them to see that the law is no longer constantly violated, and social morality constantly shocked, with absolute impunity at this notorious plague- spot. Council. of Education ExiimrsioNs.- The examination of candidates for the exhibitions offered by the Council of Education takes place on Monday, beginning at 9 a.m. There are 16 candidates; 14 will be examined at the Central School, in this city, and two at the Education Office, Launceston, the latter under the supervision of the Rev. Canon Hales, The examiners were the Rev, Canon Daven- port and the Rev, J, B, H. Bailey. Verdict of Manslaughter. The inquiry into the cause of death of the man Albert Elbert, who died at the hospital on Sunday last, was concluded yesterday. The evidence, which will be found - reported in another column, revealed the following facts On the evening of the 29th ult., Elbert went into the Neptune publichouse, on the New Wharf and began quarrelling with a man named William Johnson. Blows were struck, and then the landlord ordered them out, and they adjourned to the skittle-alley, where they had a stand-up fight in the presence of a few spectators. After Elbert had received two falls, the disgraceful proceedings were stopped. Next day the deceased complained of pains in his head, and he continued to get worse . until Friday, when, having gone out of his mind, he was removed to the hospital, where he died. The coroner explained the law very clearly, and the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against a JoXnson. Had he been present, he would have been committed for trial on the coroner's warrant ; but, it appears, he left the colony last week and went to Melbourne. The police will at once be put upon his track, and if he can be found he will be brought back. A Footpath Wanted. Our attention has been drawn to the great necessity of a footpath in George's Terrace, between Montpelier road and DeWitt-street, Battery Point. It is stated that the residents in Davey-street, Fitzroy Place, Byron street, and Sandy Bay who attend St. George's Church are put to great inconvenience on account of there being no such footpath, as during the wet season they are compelled to go round by way of Hampton road, or wade through the mud, which is not at all desirable, and especially for ladies. We direct the attention of the Public Works Committee of the City Council to this requirement, in the hope that they will recommend a small outlay to meet the convenience of a large number of ratepayers. The Australian Blondin. The performances of Mr. L'Estrange, the Australian Blondin, were witnessed last night by over a thousand people. The performance began shortly after 8 o'clock, and the same feats were gone through as on the two previous occasions. Mr. L'Estrange appears to be quite at home on the tight rope, and went through his work in a manner that elicited frequent marks of approbation from his audience. There was no change in the programme. The pyrotechnic display at the conclusion of the tight-rope feats was really beautiful, and reflects great credit upon Mr. T Kelly, who, we understand, not only arranges the display, but manufactures all the fireworks himself. The City Band rendered selections of music during the evening, and played the National Anthem at the close. The performance is announced to be repeated this evening. Concert at New Town somewhat hurriedly arranged concert, with the addition of two or three readings, was given at the public schoolroom, New Town, last night, for the purpose of aiding the repair fund of that building. There was a good attendance of the residents of the district, who manifested great interest in the entertainment. Mr. Arthur Chapman acted as conductor, and was assisted by well-known local singers, with a lady amateur, whose praises of a pianoforte performer we have to repeat to-day, and two or three gentlemen from town. The programme was a very nice one, and the various pieces were most satisfactorily rendered, especially the pianoforte pieces, " Irish Diamonds" and "The War Trumpets" both being beautifully played. " Phillis is my only joy, " My Arab Steed," " The Vagabond,", and other songs and duets were all heartily applauded. " A Free Lance am I" was hardly a happy effort, and we thought the gentleman who essayed it needs more cultivation ere he appears again. Mr. Murrell also was scarcely a success. "Professor Penstue" certainly took too long to " Lecture the Ghost." Mr. C. Davies read "Not in the Programme" and proved very effectively that his was not the least important item therein. There was also reading by Mr. A. Reid. Mr. Hughes returned thanks to the residents of New Town for their kind assistance, and also to the ladies and gentlemen for their good help in providing such a pleasant entertainment. Southern Tasmanian Hunt Club "Our knights of the pigskin keep the results of their meets very quiet so ends a local in this morning's Mercury (7th inst. ) It is never too late to do well ; allow me therefore to give tongue. Time-Wed- nesday, 31st ult. Place : Bothwell, Castle Inn. John Lord, Esq., Master Southern Hunt Club pack, assisted by Mr. James Aitken, unkennelled six and a half couple, and after a short turn in the Market-square, proceeded towards the Stone Quarry run, where a solitary kangaroo was known to 198 patiently awaiting the. opening of the hunting season. Being inexperienced in the art of description of this nature, I am totally at a loss here how to describe the field more select than numerous no, that won't do ; neither select nor numerous-yes, that looks better, more truthful. Well, after all, there were certainly not more than eighty who turned out; the loss of an enjoyable run and "a grand finish was the fitting punishment of those who remained sinking at home. The run is easily described. Tally ho ! hark to Countess t Give the young one time 1 No fear, your Excellency, are running over the scent to-day ! And away they go with such a burst-a couple of fences in quick suc- cession-up one hill and down another-racing pace-rabbit burrows-cultivated paddocks-more fences-in and out again-a slight check-just allow the old horse to blow a bit more music, and then such a rasper-Happythought is over ; so is Cossack-Cora next- now old Ladybird, the best jumper yet-the rest follow somehow. However, they were seen on the other side, and no bones broken. Then such a hill 1 its name you'll excuse me from telling ; but name or no name it had to be surmounted and that over the highest pinnacle, Mr. Kangaroo having successfully accomplished this feat on his two feet, finds the descent on the opposite side of rather agreeable than otherwise, and per- forms it in the most masterly style. He is not alone ; his would-be-closer acquaintances with the merry voices are there, and a formal introduction takes place near the limekiln iron gate, where many a lively spin has terminated before to-day.-Com- municated by an Eye-witness. Paper Chase. - Yesterday afternoon a paper chase was run by the High School boys, about forty of whom started. Ford and Agnew were the stage, to whom five minutes start was given. The course was about ten miles, over some very rough country, and was accomplished in 95 minutes. There was a fine finish from the Augusta Toll-bar between the stags and Clark, the latter being about five yards behind. Chatterton and Harris come next, and Gatehouse and Hull ran very well. St. Mary's Church, Green Ponds A ityeef jug of the parishioners is to be heard in this cftq'rp}i on Monday, at 5 p.m., for the purpose of taking steps to secure an income to the clergyman appointed to succeed the Rev. G. Shoobridge, who has resigned. Cure of Longford At a meeting of the Board of Patronage, hold at Launceston on Wednesday, the Rev. A. Wayn was elected for presentation to the cure of Longford. The action of the Board has been confirmed by the Bishop. Mr. Wayn is at present acting as curate to the Rev. Canon Parsons, of All Saints' Church, Hobart Town, and will continue his duties there for a few weeks longer. Sunday Service The Rev. B. S. Bird will preach in the Congregational Church, Bellerive, at So'olock. At the Mariners' Church, the Rev. C. Anthony will conduct the service at 3 p.m. Sunday Afternoon Lecture The subject of the Rev. J. W. Simmons' lecture in the Town Hall to-morrow afternoon will be "Pen, Pencil, and Press." Mr H. Cook will preside. The Mormons. It is announced that the missionaries from Salt Lake continue to hold their services in the Oddfellows' Hall every Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Woman's Friend Society. It is notified that Mr, Woolley has consented to exhibit his magic lantern in the People's Hall, on Tuesday evening, in aid of the above society, Green Old Age A correspondent informs us that Mr. John Mumford, of Seven mile Beach, beyond Clarence Plains, completed his 94th year on Tuesday last, and can still follow the plough. Such an instance as this is rare even in this colony. Shooting Ma'icic.-To-day a shooting match will take place at the Epsom Hotel, Brighton. 