ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BOTANIC GARDENS. The annual report of Dr. Schomburgk, the Curator of the Botanic Gardens, was published in the Gazette of April 20. The Curator's annual account is always in teresting, and this year it is more so than usual. It is satisfactory to learn that the season has been unusually favourable, and that the Garden never showed to greater advantage. All the flowers have flourished with unwonted luxuriance, and the roseiy, one of the most attractive parts of the beautiful domain, has been in splendid condition. We are glad to learn that the hike, long notorious for its Stygian odour, has been cleaned out, and that it is likely some steps will be taken to abate the nuisance for the future. It is simply disgraceful that the town sewage should be permitted to flow into this reservoir, and thus become a source of injury to the health of the people living within the precincts of the Gardens and an annoyance to every visitor. The long talked-of palm house has been at length completed. It is in itself a graceful structure, and when filled with plants and the surrounding grounds are laid out it will prove a great ornament to the Garden. The experimental garden — a very important part of the domain in an economicd point of view — is in a pros perous condition. About fifty kinds of grasses have been added to the collection during the year, some of which — especially the ' Red Natal Grass'— Dr. Schomburgk confidently expects will prove important additions to our pastures. The Doctor also makes some valuable remarks on forest planting, giving excellent hints on the method of making plantations and the management of young tree3. The ferns and palms, which form already a very extensive and beautiful collection, have been augmented in number duiing the year. Some of the new ferns are both rare and beautiful, and will prove very attractive to the lovers of those exquisite plants. We may hope that in time there will be a numerous body of students connected with the University. Should this be the case, they will find the so-called Class Ground a great help to their studies. This portion of the garden i3 in tended to to be strictly educational, and will be useful alike to the professor and students of botany. Already the Curator considers, although there are of course many deficiencies, it is on .the whole in a satisfactory state, and valuable even now as an aid to education. Passing to the zoological collections, we find that the report is not less encoura ging. But few losses have occurred dui'ng the year, aud these have be°n for the most part trifling. One death wo must not pass unnoticed— that of tho interesting and curious ape, the Gibbon. Tlie animal was valuable zoologically, and its docility had endeared it to the keepers. Itislittle wonder, therefore, that the Doctor bewails its loss in the most pathetic terms, especially as it appeal's the Gibbon was tho means of making lum an adherent of tho Darwinian theory. Like all Curators of Museums, Dr. Schomburgk has a standing grievance in tho deficiency of accommoda tion for his collections. He has lon-* wished to increase the present interesting collection of botanical models and other specimens so that it might form a thoroughly good Technical Museum, similar to that at South Kensington, London. There can be no doubt that such a collection would be of great value to the colony, and we hope tlie time is not far distant when the worthy custodian will bo able to carry out his cherished desire. Miny additions have been made to the col lections during tlie year, especially in tho p7ant department, to which 510 species have been added. The total number of species of plants and animals now in the Gardens amounts to 9,000 of the former ptkI 55Q of the latter. The present cata logue, printed iu 1871, has as a matter of course become useless, and we are ghul to learn that a new one will be prepared shortly. As heretofore, the Gardens have proved a favourite resort of the public ; and tho Curator reports that on the wholo but little damage has been done. We regret, however, to state that acts of vandalism have been committed, wliich prove that the larrikin element is yet rampant among us. Not only are the seats cut and hacked with knives — a common boyish prac tice — but it seems that grossly indecent remarks are frequently scrawled upon tho pedestals of the statues. For this latter oflence there can be no palliation. Again, also many of tho young trees have been wantonly destroyed, especially in the avenue. Remarking on this, Dr. Schoin burgk says, ' Such a practice would never t3 dreamt of in Europe by the lowest slreet arab of 'the cities — never is a grow ing tree or shrub there touched in public places.' This observation we can fully endorse, but wo fear that our larrikins rre wholly destitute of that innate senso of nationality which leads the street orabs of Europe, bad as they arc in other respects, to take a pride in doing no injury to what they regard f the common property of the people. In order to check the practices complained of several new by-laws have been framed for the management of the Gardens. Ono renders the perpetrators of such acts of wilful damage liable to a fine of ten pounds, and imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding three months. We sincerely trust that the police will succeed in putting a stop to these practices in the future, and that if the offenders are caught they will bo subjected, as they deserve, to tlie utmost rigour of the law. The Customs Case in Melbourne.— It would of course be out of place at tho present time to make any comments upon the merits of the questions in disputo between the Victorian Government and Messrs. Stevenson. But there are two matters which have arisen in connection with the proceedings which are fail* subjects for criticism. No one probably will be inclined to dissent from the deci sion of the Chief Justice, when ho refused to grant Messrs. Stevenson's application for a mandamus. But what ever may be the legality of the courso adopted by the Government in im pounding the letters belonging to tho firm, the act itself will, we are convinced, be repugnant to the general feeling of tho community. The law gives certain powers with regard to opening letters, but it is difficult to see how, if theso powers alone are acted upon, the deten tion of the letters can be of any uso to tho Customs. In any case it is one of those extreme measures which we think it would be difficult to justify. It is no doubt desirable to put a check upon any evasion of the Cus toms duties, but it is certainly as dcsirahlo that the action taken to ensure this should not be violently opposed to tho truest instincts of Britons. On tho assumption, however, that the deten tion of the letters was justifiable it cer tainly appears to us that they should have been handed over as proniutly as possible after they had been examined. Instead of this the English mail han been allowed to leave, and Messrs. Stevenson have had no opportunity of seeing their letters or of replying to those which required an immediate answer. It is now stated that nothing further will be done until Monday in consequence of tho absence of the Premier from Melbourne. Altogether, apart from any question as to Messrs. Stevenson's innocence or guilt in connection with the alleged Customs frauds, it appeals to 113 to be a very strange proceeding on the part of tho Government to retain tlie letters, and suspend decision just because tho Premier is absent. The only eilect of such a course must be, rightly or wrongly, to create a feeling of sympathy with tho firm as the victims of a despotic act. Tdk CinyA.— The P. k 0. Company's R.M.H. ChiLa passed Cape Jervis at 20 minutes to 7 last evenitu, and armed iu Holdfast Day during tho nyht. * Ihk Pekinsula Cbicket Match. — The eleven selected from tho South Australian Cricketing Association to play against a com bined team of fifteen representing YorkVa Penissula start to-day by special coach for Eadina, where tbe match will take phue on Monday and Tuesday. The following are tho names of tbe city men:— J, E, Gooden, J. GoodfeUow, W. O. Whitridge, T. A. Rsevea, K. G. Phillips, F. King, T. Fena, B. Featherstone, S. Cope, C. Dennets, and A. X. Ayers. Ths SfiKisTEaiAi. Visir to Yobke's Pentx stla- — We are informed that the Majors of gadjaa and Wallaroo, with representatives from Green's Plain?, will receive the Ministerial party upon the arrival of the steamer Govern r M us grave at Port Wakefield, expected to be about 6 a.12. on Tuesday, April 23. After havirgr bad an early breakfast the company wiil proceed by special coach to Kviina, arriving there at say noon. Then addresses of welcome will be presented by Corporations and Di-trict ConcdL?, a!so by various Ftiendly So^ietiaa. After lurch, at 2 p.m., deontations from Moonta, Wallaroo, Kadina, and Green'3 Pains will wiit npon the Ministry at the Royal Exchange Hotei. If time permits the guests will be taken to viut the various objects of special interest in the neighbourhood, returning in the evening in tine for the bacquet in Kadina. Mr. J. Gaskell, J . P. , Major of Kadina, is to preside, and the Vije Chainten will be Mr. T. Davis, J.P., Mayor of Wallaroo, and Dr. Fisher, J.P. Ths Edithbcbgh Institute.— This b'i!l liag, which has been erected at a cost of £750, wa- formally opened on Wednesday, April 20, by Mr. J. Ward, M.P., and a successful cone rt followed. On Thursday night two membars for the Wallaroo District were entertained at a banquet in tho new Institute Hall, and speeches were delivered by Mr. J. J. Duncan, M.P., Mr. Bess, M.P., and Mr. Ward. The procee ii.ig ? are fully reported in other columns. The UMVEBSITY. — A Government O.r.t'le Extraordinary, containing the following an nouncement, was issued on Friday, April 21:— 'Notice is hereby given that His Eiceiienay the Governor has agnitied bis intentiou to pre side at the opening of the University of A le Iaide on Tuecday, the 25:h inst. All gentlemen intending to be present on this occasion, who may be entitled to wear the Civil Sen Ice uri form, or robes of office, are requested to appjar in fucb uniform or robes.' It may ba we.'l ti remind the public that they are entitled to free admission to the Town Hall on the occa sion of the opening ceremony. It will, however, be neceaary to obtain tickets, wbrah cm be had from Mr. Williams, stationer, F:og William-street. TTrocBAi'HiCAL Society.— A meetiajt of this Society will be hell at the Oddfelbws' Hall, Franklin-street, this afternoon. Domestic SERViCK.—The whole of the femala servants who arrived on Wednesday, the 19th icst, by the sbip Aiundel Castle, from Plymouth, have been engaged, an1*, a far larger number could have found employment. The Gletelg Fike Brigade. — Mr. J. Lee, tbe Eon. Secretary, informs us that Mr. Josep'i Howard's name otuht to have been included among those gentlemen who sent excuses for con- attendance on the late deputation to Sir Henry Ayers. Mr. Howard wa3 one of the first moveis in the matter, and obtained for the Brigade a subscription of £10 10s. from the Hon. T. Elder. Supbf-ve COURT.— In the case of T. BroDkles v. J. II. Parr, an action for breach of duty as an auctioneer, tried before Mr. Justice JJtow on Friday, April 21, the plaintiff was nonsuited. The records in the two cases of Miils v. Stone man were withdrawn at the last moment. The only cause remaining to be tried is that of Bailee v. White. This is to be heard on Thursday. Thb Thkatbb.— The 'Shaoghraun' was re peated at the Royal on Friday evening to an excellent house. The stalls, pit, and gallery were crowded, while in the dress-circle thera was a capital attendance, including His Excel lency and suite and numerous influential colo nists. The peformacces were received with unabated interest, and throughout the audienca were very demonstrative in their tokens of approval. The Company appear to have hit the public taste, and from the liberal patronage which has nightly been bestowed this week it seems af if the piece could yet longer be run with advantage to the management. The same programme wiil be presented this evening. White's Rooms. — Mr. Hacket Coulth- irst made his fifth public app3arance here on Friday evening, when he presented a change of pro gramme. There was a better attendance than on the previous evening. The first part com prised the previously-announced recitations, .-»U of which were well rendered, and therefore thoroughly appreciated. The second portion of the entertainment opened with Russell's cele brated scene 'The Ship on Fire,' which wa; followed by several songs in character, in cluding 'Billy Barlow,' with new local hits, which were applauded. The proceedings close j with, as a reading:, 'The Bells,' and the son^ ' Good Evening.' The same bill is to be given this evening, which is announced as positively the performer's last appearance in Adelaide. Haxdsgme Tbofht. — As in former years, Mr. J. M. Wendt has prepared an excellent racing cup for the Jockey Club at Mount Gam bier. The workmanship is highly creditable, being substantial yet artistic, and chaste in design and finish. The article is 16 inches in height, and the stem of the bowl represents a gum, round which are twined vine branches and leafage, while the tempting fruit is pleasingly introduced partiJiy hidden by foliage. Appropriately a figure of a horse in full stride with flashing Hanks is the crowning ornament of the cup, of which the winner will doubtless be proud. On the trophy are the words, 'Mount Gambier Tiirf Club Members' Cup, won by Mr. Richard Crowe's Goldfinch. March, 1S76. Imported Horses.— The practice of bringins large numbers of heavy horses from the eastern colonies continues, as the demand for them for use in our widely-extending farming tract* is brisk. The steamer Tararua, we ode, has brought 63. MB. ELDER'S Ccp.— The superb gold racing trophy which the Hon. T. Elder promised to the winner of the Adelaide Cup in the May Mee ing is being made by Mr. J. M. Wendt Accidents. — William Parslow, a labourer, of the Start, while grubbing1 on Friday nzorcin?, the 21st kit, at Coromandel Valley, chopped his left toes to the bone by bis axe diverging.— While Thomas Woolridga, a labourer, of near Salt Creek, was returning homa on Tuesday the mare that he rode stumbled, threw him, and then fell upon him. H13 right shoulder was severely injured. Both sufferers were admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Friday. ACODE5TS KEAB Gawleh.— Mrs. Farrelly, een., of Mallala, was driving with her son on Sunday light, the 16th inst, when the horses became restive, and she in trying to got out of tbe buzgy fell acd broke her arm near ths shoulder. The Bunyip states that Dr. Da^-es was in attendance next morning and set tbe limb, and the sufferer i3 doing welJ. Mr. L. Day, of Reeves Plains, while driving his team on Easter Monday, got his arm entangled in the reins and was thrown to the ground. When down one of the horses hit him on the arm close below the elbow. He is under the care of Dr. Dawes, who on examining the arm found the elbow much injured. It is making favourable progress. School Festival.— The annual picnic of Trinity Church. Sunday-hchool was held on Thursday, the 20th instant. Children and teathers, to the number of about 350, were taken to Gatkmore Park, the property of Mr. McLeod, in ten cf Hill & Co.'s omnibases, and engaged in games. A plentiful supply of provi sions was quickly consumed, and after cheers for Mr. McLeod, the youngsters were taken to the schoolroom, where they were agab regaled. Particg cheers having been given to the Rev. R. and Mrs. Reid and the teachers, the company ssparated about 7 o'clock. About 270 children and friends of the Stow Church Sunday-school proceeded early on Friday in sevea of lliil and Co.'s' omnibuses to a pleasant spot on the banks of the Tcrrens at Paradise. The day, which was pleasant, was spent enjoyably, amusements and refreshments being provided, and the excur sionists reached the city before dark. The Lost Children.— It was mentioned in cur issue of the 21=t inst. that girls, aged three years and IS months respectively, daughters of a Eelector earned Knight, who resides seven miles from JeriJderie, Riverica, were lost in the bash, and that the younger of the two was found three daj3 later lying dead near the edge of a creek. The Pastoral lima states that the next; day the other child was found by a selector at a distance of ak out seven miles from her home. How the little girl, who waa thinly clad, had managed to exJotnearly four days and travel eo far must remain a mystery, and equally so how she hid while xcany were in search of her. When she «s found she squatted herself on the gro-ind \- fike a turkey or hare would have dose, and endeavoured to hide. Thb Port Pirie Regatta.— The settling for the Port Pirie Easter Begitta took place a; Howe's Hotel on the evening of the 18th inst ; Captain Duncan, of the Lammermoor, in the chair. Mr. W. F. Clarke, as Secretary, read a financial statement, which showed that after paving £42 in prizes there was a credit balance, which would be lodged in a Bank as a nucleus for another Regatta Fund. A vote of thanks to the Committee for their successful labours was carried by a large majority, and Captain Duncan subscribed towards the next aquatic meeting. Education' at Ratcnda.— In our report of the meeting held at the Kapunda Institute on April 18 we omitted to state that letters of apology were read from tha Rev. Mr. Donaldson, who was coc fined to his home through illness, and from Mr. J. Varlev, S.M., who was absent in Clare. The Gawleb Institute.— The Committee of this Institute, who have been prevented making improvement* to it in consequence of the debt on the buildirjy, have, by the ganerosicy of friends, supplemented by the Government grant, had this incubus removed. The Bunyip says: — 'In addition to the recent purchase of books for the library they have accepted tenders for the erection of a lobby in the reading-room, for a handsome additional table, and for a thorough renovation of the interior. The works are entrusted to Mr. J. Mahony at a cost of £76.' The Sliding Rock.— This Far North copper mine is still yielding rich ore; and the only draw back now being experienced is the want of fire wood, owing to the scarcity of teams in such a bad season. The Mail to Manttcm.— We have received a letter from a gentleman who often travels on the road between the city and Mannum com plaining of the great inconvenienc3 caused by the break in the passenger and luggage arrange ments between tho two places. He says : — ' Hill and Co. have the contract from Blumberg to Mannum, and for some reasou best known to themselves they have sublet the mail from Palmer to Mannum. Passengers and luggage are booked in Adelaide for Palmer only, upon reaching which latter place they are subjected to a second process of booking and securing seats tor a paltry ten miles. Now, for the sake of fully realizing the position of affairs, suppose the local passengers from Palmer to Mannum secured all the available seats, then those who left Adelaide for Mannum would be shut out. Hill & Co. are secure euough bocause they granted the tickets to Palmer only. If it is thus with passengers you will readily understand that parcels are entirely at tbo mercy of the sub contractor on arrival at Palmer. I don't think the Government should allow mail contractors to sublet any portion of their contracts.' The Auditor-Generalship.— We understand that the Hon. B. T. Finuiss has been appointed Acting Auditor-General during the absence of Mr. E. W. Hitchin, the Auditor-General, who has obtained a year's leave of absence. The Riverisa Vintage.— The vintage is re ported by the A [bury Banner to be fairly ia progress throughout the whole of the Bordar District The late heavy rains have not hal any damaging effect on the crop, but on the contrary in most instances have exercised a beneficial influence, remedying to some effect the consequences of the long drought which preceded the recent change. In most of the vineyards the crop is fairly up to the average, and except where sulphuring was neglected, the damage from oidium is inappreciable. Black spot shows on some varieties, but no materia' injury is noticeable from this cause. Tha saccharine strength of the musts, however, as a rule, is a trifle under that recorded in what u considered a very good season. At the Murray Valley Vineyard the crop is about half gathered, the returns so far being close on 13,000 gallons of must. Forty men are employed in picking, and at the present rate of progress the work should be completed in about ten days more. The bast bearers in this vineyard during the present season are the Shiraz and Aucarot ; the yield from the Muscat being not quite up to the average. Singularly enough at Ettamogah the Muscat is this year the most prolific, the Reisling and Mataro ranking next in the erder named. Upon the whole, the \intage in all parts of the district may be considered as satisfactory. A Ghost Story. — Australia is rather a new country for apparitions, but the Hamilton Spectator writes:— 'A considerable sensation prevails in the neighbourhood of Macarthur, Victoria, owing to the nocturnal presence of an apparition which has been seen by several per i-ocs on the estate of Mr. Carmichael, at Harto_ Hills. It appears that four men, working at s job of fencing, were camped about two miles from the head station, when they were alarmed seme three or four nights ago by seeing a figure draped in white stalking backwards and for wards in the moonlight. So frightened wen they that they beat a retreat to tha station, and communicated the particulars to Mr. Towart, the overseer, whilst a dog they had with their participated in the alarm, and ran away howling piteously. Next night a party of eight, ic eluding a policeman from the town ship, bivouacked in the haunted spot, &nd; five of them were rewarded by getting a sib'ht of the ghost. The news begin to spread, and *e understand that a large party is to be made up from Macarthur, with a view to solve the mystery, if possible. Tradition states that the locality in question was, many years ago, the scene of a fatal alfray between the early settlers and the aboriginals, and that in these encounters the blacks came off sec jnd best Of course the superstition is that oue of the natives so disposed of has 'jumped up white fellow 'in fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonishment of the nerves of the fencing party by his 'counterfeit presentment.' It shculd be mentioned that the gho3t ha: already one casualty to anEwer for, inasmuch at one of the intended interviewists, in a hurry to g6t a sight of tho apparition, was thrown from his horse and broke his leg. We trust some of those who may have been fortunate enough to nave seen the thing will send us a progress report.' The Coldia.— According to New Zealand advices, which reach to April 7, the s.8. Colima took four days to go from Auckland to Wel lington, and was met by one of the strongest scuth-east gales that has been felt on the East Coast fcr the lar.t three years. The other pcr tions of the mail, which were taken on by local steamers, were delivered several days before the Wellington portion ef the niaiL This led to a eccd deal of grumbling. When she reached the Heads at Dunedin, Bhe could not enter in conse quence of the htavy swell on the bar, a low tide, and tbe veEEel drawing 22 feet of water. Cap tain bhackford, after landing the passengers and mails, determined to return to Lyttoitou, as tie required at least two day to overhaul the Colima's machinery for the return sea voyage. On her way the Colima broke down off Akaroa, losing her propeller. She lay-to about 10 miles otf the shore until she wa3 towed into Lyttelton by the s.s. Alhambra. She had a spare scraw on board, so that it was expected that the de'ay in repairing her would not be great. It was decided to tow her to Port Chalmers to ship he'r rircpeller, as there was no dry dock at Ljttelton. The Dunedin Harbour Department have ap pointed a Commission to enquire into the circum stances of the mail-steamer not entering tho harbour. Salmon Acclimatization i-' Victoria.— We lesrn frcm the Argus that 'Sir Samuel Wiiscu's expensive experiment of trjing to acclimatize salmon in Victoria does not promise to turn out so successfully as could be wished. Not with btacdiEg all the care and attention that has been paid to the ova at Ercildoun, only five tish have been hatched out. Of these, however, only a sirglo one can be seen, and that is the first one ttat was hatched. The salmon looks hea'.thy and lively, but the others have in some unac countable way disappeared. They may, how ever, remain in the hatching-boxes, although not at rresept to be seeD, and as Sir Samuel Wii'on has still about 150 epgs, all of which look healthy, he is in hopes of yet obtaining more young fry. At the ice works in Melbourns Mr. Clifford has still a few thousand eg'gs that look well, ard although some people who have seen them believe the eyes of the young fry are now becoming visible, Mr. Clifford is not quite so saEguine. If the theory proves correct, in the ccurse of a few days there will be somo young fry to be seen in Melbourne. Sir Samuel Wilsoa anticipates that the experimental shipment of a f6w hundred ova, which he has telegraphed for to England, will be sent out by the mail steamer leaving in April, or, at the latest, by the May mail.' Tee Stevenson Imbroglio —It is mentioned by the Argus of April 15 that the Victorian Customs authorities on Thursday made an application to Messrs. Stevenson & Sons for invoices of a shipment of goods by ths ship Hampshire, which arrived at Melbourne a short time since. Mr. Stevenson, however, considered that he had given every facility to the Customs people for making full enquiries, and therefore peremptorily declined to give up any more documents, especially as the Government persist in detaining his letters. The shipment of goods referred to has been in a great measure dispersed, some portions having been made up ana other portions sold. The Customs officials have some doubt whether a large shipment of Crimean flannel which arrived by the Hampshire paid the full amount of duty, and as they seized a quantity of it at St Kilda on Wednesday, where it was being made up into shirts, they required the invoices to be produced. No further action will now be taken until after the holidays. The application for the mandamus to compel the Postmaster-General to deliver up the letters detained from Messrs. Steveason k Sans was made to the Chief Justice on Thursday. The grounds on which the mandamus was asked were that there was anobligationonthepartof thePoat master- General to deliver the letters ; that the Poet- Office Statute only authorized him to detain letters posted in Victoria, and not those received from abroad; that it was only letters so posted in Victoria that could be opened by the Poet Office authorities; that if the Act applied to foreign letters, it must be those which oontained enclosures in fraud or violation of the Poet-Office or Customs Acts; that a letter itself was not a fraud, but that the 'enclosure' referred to meant something like gloves or lace Bent by letter to evade the Customs duties. A further objection was that the letters must be opened immediately on their receipt at the General Post-Office, and as three days had elapsed with out these letters having been opened, the Post master- General had no right now to eithej detain er open them. The application was ro fcisted on the grounds that, even assuming that the Post-Ot£ce Statuto did not authonza tha proceedings, still a mandamus would not lie against a Minister of the Crown to compel him to perform a duty as to which he had to exercise a discretion, and that a mandamus was navor issued where there was another remedy open to the applicants. It was submitted that in this case Messrs. Stevenson & Sons could bring an action of trover, cr file a bid in equity, and that such a remedy would be quite as speedy and as efficacious as the resort to a mandamus, for it would take three or four monthB before tho Full Court would be in a posi tion to decide the matter. Tho Chief Justice refused the application on the ground that he was Eot satisfied that there was no other remedy open to Messrs. Stevenson. He expressed an opinion (but gave no decision) on the other points — that a mandamus could not be issuod against tho Minister, since he had to exorcise discretion under the Statute ; that the Statute did apply to foreign letters ; and that the Post master-General must be allowed a reasonable time within which to determine whether to open the letters or not. The Hamilton Spectator re marks that the ettects of the recent interruption to the business of Messrs. Stevenson k Sons have been felt up the country, some of the Hamilton drapers being unable to procure tho forwardirg of dutiable goods ordered from the firm, and being thus prevented from repleni:h ing their stocks. [From yesterday's Evening Journal. The District of Mount Barker.— We un derstand that the resignation of Mr. W. A. E. West- Erskine, late Commissioner of Public Works, has been handed to the Speaker of the House of Assembly. A writ has been issued for a new election. The nomination will take place on Monday, May 1, tha election en Thursday, May 4, and the writ will be returnable ou May 8.| Mr A. Wtlt. — A good deal of anxiety was felt by the family and friends of Mr. A. Wyly, the Government Storekeeper, on Thursday night on account of his not returning home as usual. Enquiries were made for him in all directions without discovering his wheieabouts up to 1 o'clock in the morning, whoa he was found quietly sleepinc in the' store. It appears that he had felt unwell during the day, and in the evening locked himself on the safe side of the store entrance, to eDJoy the forty winks from which he was so unceremoniously aroused by hU anxious friends. The Accident at Kent Town.— On Friday merging we learned that the little boy Main was prcgressing favourably. Consciousness re turned on Thursday morning, and hopes art now entertained of his recovery. River Trade.— The Argus, of Strathalbyc, is informed that Messrs. W. McCullooh & Co have purchased a valuable allotment of land ad joining the wharf at Goolwa, where they inteno erecting large and commodious business premise necessary for their increasing trade on the Lowe Murray. La:iriki-'ism in North Adelaide.— Some mischievous person has broken the earth lice 01 the Telegraph Station, North Adelaide, thus throwing the line owt of order, an act whiol might have caused great public inconvenience. The authorities are trying to trace the oflendor, in order to make an example of him. Prompt Dispatch.— The boutka-n Arg-is o1 Aprii '20 says: — ' The Coorong arrived at Port Victor late on Sunday night, and commemen discharging her Port Victor cargo at 5 o'cloci next morning, and by 10 minutes past 8 tht whole was oh shore. This is the second timr this vessel has called at Port Victor thia month, and we are informed that she will call regulirh on her trips to and from Melbourne auti Adelaide. There are upwards of 120 tons 0 Upper River cargo waiting for shipment at Goolwa.' Dean Fitzgibbon.— The Tablet states thai the \\*ery Rev. Dean Fitzgibbon, of Moun Gambier, is much improved in health during the last week or two. He has been very ill for some time past, but is now fast recovering. River News.— The following were the height* of the rivers at the localities mentioned or April 21, at 10 a.m. :— Wentworth, Darling, summer level. Bourke, Darling, very low, falling. Brewarrina, Darling, low. Euston, Murray, summer level. Balranald, Murrumbidgee, summer level. Hay, Murrumbldgee, summer level. Wagga Wacrga, Murrumbidgee, summer level. Walgett, junction of Naomi and Barwon, low. AcciEKST,— The local paper states that ' on Tuesday morning two wagons attached together were proceeding down Commercial-road tstrathalbyn, a small boy named John Walsh riding on tho shafts of the rear one. When opposite Mr. WaUbank's the boy jumped off and fell prostrate, both wheels passing over hLs legt and loins. Luckily the wagon was unloaded, or the consequences would probably have been fata!. Mr. Wallbank, who witnessed theaccident, imme diately lifted up the boy and carried him hoae to his parente. Dr. Blue was fetched, and he after examination stated that no bonea were broken, aid the sufferer is now progressing favourably.' A CORROBBOREE.— The Kapunda Herald writes: — 'Fandangos of the corroboree descrip tion -were of frequent occurrence in the early days cf tbe colony, but since the spread of the white people over the face of the land they have become a thing of the past. However, a short lime since a number of the blacks migrated from Mount Remarkable in this direction. On reaching Hamilton they fell in with some more of their countrymen, and immediately^ their exuberance knew no bounds, ' Fire- water' being the height of a blackfellow's human felicity, a plentiful supply of rum was obtained, and a tenaLtless house being espied, it was taken possession of. Then they imagined they were in the midst of a perfect halo of de light; dancing, howling, and yelling followed in quick succession, until the peaceful residents of Hamilton imagined that Pandemonium hid ar rived amotgst them. This sort of amusement was continued the next day, but with this dif ference, that the midnight brawlers nearly frightened the wits of tha children and the fair daires; who had to fly for protection to Mr. Go:d, the lecal schc olniatter. That gentleman, on expostulating, was jeered at, threatened, and assaulted. He therefore sought to have an end put to these orgies, and appeared at the las' sitting of the Magistrates' Court to prosecute one of the ringleaders rejoicing in the name of Jemmy Sprat, who had assaulted him. Mr. Gold did not press the charge, and as Jemmy promised to return to Mount Remarkable, His Worship let him eff with seven days imprisonment.' 