IiOOAL INTEIjIJI&SNOE.; WACGA PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY. —A meetin .i of those favourable to the formation of a Wagga Philharmonic Society, was held at the Mechanics' Institute last evening. About twenty persons were present, Mr.. F. W. Gowlland being voted to the ch-iir. It was deeided that such a Society be formed, under the title of tlie Wagga Philharmonic Society, and that it be under the conductorship of Professor Goiilstone. The subscription was fixed at 13s. per quarter for singing members —ladies 7s. 6d.; per quarter—and honorary members {witb.the privilege of three tickets o each of three concerts in the year), £1 Is. er annum. A committee was formed, conisting of Messrs. C. Brentnall, Oowllaiid, . T, Roberts, Fosbery, and Morisbn. Mr. onovan was elected honorary secretary and reasurer. The committee was .empowered o arrange with Professor Goulstone for music, nd for a room in which to practise. Those resent enrolled "themselves as members, and he meeting then adjourned until Friday next, the.Sth inst. STBSITSG MONEY.—The charge of stealing £11 hrought against a man named Kelly was continued on Thursday. Owing to the nonattendance \- of the principal witness, the prisoner was released upon his own -recognizance to appear when called upon. THE KINDKA . HORSE-STEALING CASE. — The mau Thomas Farreli, charged with stealing a liorse, the property of Messrs. Walford and Sparke, was brought up on re- Biaud-.on Wednesday last. The evidence of the groom at Mr. Spiller's hotel, together -with that of a man named Nye was taken, and-the prisoner was committed for trial. THE SIDNEY. SURVEY DEPARTMENT.—In a recent issue we referred to the utter absence of anything like positive information to be obtained from the maps m our local land office, and might have cited many cases of great hardship arrising from mistakes due to such cause. We omitted to mention the map of the: County of Clarendon as being devoid of information. However, we find on inspection that it-contains no -information of more recent date than in 1871. though the whole of the land on the western ha'f of the county lias since been measured and sold one wiy and another, and numberless reserves hive been proclaimed and revoked since that now remote penod. THE STUD.—We learn that Blink Bonnie droDned a tillly foal to Tarragon at Mr. je„kins's Cuddell pronerty on the 2Sth inst. THE NARASDEBA Ttt\AEDV.-—'The Border Post jrives the following. —It is supposed that ^ about the end of the ionth of May, aud proceeded on borsebact to the village of Ten-mile Greek,, where his horse,: bridle/ and I: remain to-tins ^ in the po»e»,o« , of an.hotel-keeper,.io. whom, it is al- eaed,c^T he gavc instructimisnot to deliver the animal: toanylpersonibnthimself.-rltisalso^a^^ that the deeeased is identica"! with :a .clergvwan wlio took his passage by the mail:coach lb Waggion the Hi 1 .Tune last, " " , +n ™ t n illp • -^J. aua aeclinea Jo give ms name to : coacn aient at Albuiy. There was something strange in his movements, audit was evident tliatiiis mind was not under the government of reason. .When on the way to Ten-mile Craek^iestopped at Mullengandra, and-locked himself for a considera' -le leuntb of time m his bedroom, which alarmed Mr., Pankhurst, the hotel-Jieeper. However, on looking tbrougli the window, he was observed to }-e standing in the centre of the room, gazing intently oil the floor. He left there aud returned from Ten-mile Creek to Albury. The supposition that the deceased was labouring under;the hallucmatian that lie was pursued by bushrangers when he attacked "the police is quite reconcilable with the other -eccentricities of the deceased, as evidently 3ie laboured under that delusion when he purchased the weapous which were the primary cause of the fatal termination of bis -career. It is further alleged that an over-coat found on the deceased was identified by a storekeeper, or Ins assistant, in Albury as that sold some time in May to the missing clergyman. The most searching investigation should be made, as dnu'-tless his friends wilf.be anxious to obtainthefal'estpacticulars. \ -TROUT IN VICTORIA.—Auother.»a<>nificeiit trout has been seen at Lake Learniftiith. The local correspondent of the Star^aya :—" On Saturday night a hoy named Simeon Bell was playing oii the sliore.of Lake Learmonth, when he saw a large fish on the edge of the water, arid on bis aoing to the spot, it quietly remained at his feet, whereupon he stepped into the water, and lifted it out on to the sand, aud brought it to the township. Several gentlemen who saw the fish pronounced it to be a fine trout. It was about 2ft. in length and weijbed 101b. As it was still livin it was quickly placed in the pond built on the shores of the. lake for the night. When in its proper element it dived aud showed signs of living in its new home, and appeared to be little the worse for a ride into the township." {The fisli has siiice been found dead. 3 A LITIGIOUS GHOST.—It is not always well to be too valiant, even iu the company of ehosts; Some time since (says the Daily Telegraph) the town inspector of Williamstown in passing through the 'local cemetery "at the dead of night," was somewhat startled ^-'by the sudden appearance of a spectre,-which he at once "went for" with his walkingstiek. It was soou apparent that the sprite was no less a personage that Mrs. Mary Ann M'Oregor in the flesh, who was making her "way home with all haste when the inspector's sti -.k fell upon her skulL For this assault Mrs. M'Gregorsued the inspector yesterday, and obtained '-2 damages, with £3 5s.. It is but fairto add the inspector thought he was being made the subject of a practical joke when he was startled in the cemetery. AN INTRUSIVE CENTIPEDE.—At Murruriindi one of the United States Miustrels was about to practise on his flute when, on lifting the flute, a huge centipede crawled out of the instrumeut just as he raised it to his lips. We have'been requested to remind members of the Skating Club that the usual meeting will be held this evening. 