THE STORY-TELLER, A lIAwYER'S STORY. Faot THE LoanDOna MAGAZINE. "I have known strange things," said old lawyer Hilton one evening to his sons. ,They were sitting in the glow of the fire light finishing a bottle of prim- old port. " I have known strange things. A law yer's experience is something 1.ke that of a doctor's. We come across strange secrets. lany a dark page of life lies open. lefore us. I have gone through scenesmyself far ?t.ore sensational than any I have read in a three volume novel "Tell us one, father," said Philip Rilton, the eldest, and many thought the favorite, son. "I have been thinking this very after noon of an incident that happened to me when I first began to practise after my father's death. He left the whole of the business to me. It was a valuable one, for he had the entire managemnent of the 'trares of some of our leading people. He kItew asil their histories and secrets. He was trusted in the most delicate and con fillertial affairs. The little incident I will telate to you what happened three years after his death, and just before my mar ringe. You may never have heard any thing of the people connected with the story, but I must tell you that some years ago the fashionable world was quite engrossed by the pathetic story of the death of Sir ?Arebibald Drayton. His young and beautiful wife did not survive lhimabovethree days? She literally, the papers said, died of grief at his ldss. "I remembered having seen heronce. It was in this way. My father was Sir Archibald's lawyer. He had the complete and entire management of his estate. The baronet's smother, old Lady Drayton, was living then, and a prouder or more imnperious woman never was seen. Sir Archibald married a beauitifulbut portion less girl. She was half Spanish: and from the time of her ntarriage, people spoke strngly ofl er. There was often war between the Dowager and Lady Bianca DZ)rayton. The ol lady, in high dudgeon, went off to the Dower House, as it is called, in Yorkshire, and left her son with his young wife in Tendon. "She was very beautiful, with a dark roud glowing face. A magnifii:ent figure. yes of wondrous loveliness, and red ripe lips. She was much admired and sought after. "I do not know what the rumonrs were. There was some story of a Spanish count who had been a lover of hers before she snet Sir Archibald Drayton. I cannot say what happened, whether the baronet grew jealous of his beautiful wife, or whether some of the stories reached him; but allat once hedecided upon giving up his London mansion, and taking Lady 3ianea into Yorkshire " He sent for my father on some busi ness or other, and I accompanied him to Gr osvenor Square. It was there I saw Lady Bianca, a beautiful stately lady; but she had an angry face, and did not seem to be on good terms with her husband. She was very civil to my father, and more than gracious to me. Indeed I remembe, how charmed and dazzled I was by her grace. bhe asked me ifI had evewr been in York shire, and when I replied. in the negative she eongratulated me, saying that the only place for' civilized beiing was London. How little we thought then what would happen when I should meet her in York shire for the first time. "I remember that for many days I could not.forget her face-it haunted me. They wentasway and I heard nothing more of Lady Bianca fors long time. " My father died and [ continued his business. Amongst others Sir Archibald wrote to mie very. kindly, expressing his sorrow furmy father's lo.s, and bei ging of me to continue the same regard for his Interest that my father had always shown. "I was young to be entrusted with so many important affairs but I knew the details of my business by heart. Ihad served a longapprenticeehip. Not the least of my responsibilitieswas that of being the confidential solicitor and family lawyer of Sir Archibald Drayton. ' "My business engrossed my time and attention so completely that I was not able tno go much into society. Once every year Sir Archibald came to London. I made a formal inquiry as to the state of her lady phip's health, and there all mention of her ceased. Sir Archibald never nained her be never alludled to her, so that I had no opportunity of judging how matters stodd 1 knew the Dowager Ldy Drayton lived with them at Fernscoart. "The baronet generally dame to Lon don in October. I was busy. preparing for his coming, getting all accounts into order, when to my intense horror and surprise a let'er arrived fromt Lady Bianea, written in haste, asking me to go down to Ferns tourt at once, for Sir Aichibald, after a short illness, had died on the day preced ilig. They awaited my arrival before msaking any arragements. The Dowager Ladj, Drayton was ill, and unable to leave her room. Th?e Lady Iiaica beghed of zue to go at once and losse no time. "I' was horrified. It was only a few days sirice I heard fromn Sir Archibald; he was then in good health and spoke of his intended journey. Nw he lay dead, and ] was wanted to arrange for his funeral. I did not delay one hour. An express train left London for Yorkshire at noon, and I resolved to go by it. "It was nearly midnight when I reached 'Fernscourt My heart fails me even now when I think of that journey. The Hall was more than fifteetn miles distant from the stati,-n. A earria.e awaited mne, but I knew nothingof the dreary ride that was to follow. The night was dark, and the rain poured down int a torrent. The winds howled over the moors and wolds. There was not one single star to light us on the way. Anything so utterly cheerless and wretched I never remember. The clock in the turret was striking twelve as we reached the Hall. How thankful I was to see the light shining in the windows. I longed for rest antd uarmth. 'I. shall not be likely tosee any one tuo-tnight,' I said to myself, and felt thank fuil that it was so. My iourney had tired tue so completely, I wa' not equal to the task of talking. Even though it was dark and midnight,I could sce that Fernscourt was a dreary place. Broad wolds stretched on either side of it. ''The house was very large and gloomy. I wotndered to myself what could possess Sir Archibald to bring his beautiful young wife to this dreary iouse. "I was shown into the dining- room where a substantial supper was prepared for me. A great, solemn silence hung over the house. I felt half nervous, remember ing the mighty presence that abode there. I longed for the noise and glare of London. "The butler who waited upon me was an old family retainer. He spoke in hushed tones of his dead master, of his short illness and sudden death. He offered to show me to my room, but I preferred sitting by the fire for half-an-hour. The gloom and silence of the house oppressed me. "I was thinking of Sir Archibald, mnsn ing on the vainity of all earthly greatness, when the door opened, and Lady Bianca Drayton came in silently and stealthily. I shall neveir?oIrget the white horror of her face; the fear and dread in the wild dark eyes, the quivcr of the pale lips. I could have cried aloud inw surprise; Could this be the brilliant, beautiful lady I had' seen in Grosvenor Square? "She advanced towards me, holding out one white jewelled hand that trembled visibly. "'lIami glad you arehere, Mr. Hilton,' she sad. 'I am quitealone.' "' How is Lady Drayton?' I asked. "' She is very ill 'ad unable to leave her roonm,' she replied. . "'I need not assure you of my deep sympathy' I beggan, but she inter'upted me almost brusquely. "' It is a fearful affair," she said. 'So sadden ; so'very sudden l': "' How long was Sir Archibald ill?, I nquired. "' He had been ailing for some days before he complained of po-itive illness,' she replied. 'two days he was unable to rise. Dctor Grey thought it was an attack of fever. We sat up with him for two nights.' "I.did notlIike. to oask any questions; but she continued hurriedly, "'Lady Drayton was with him the first night. I .at up the second. I left him at, five o'clock, aud at seven they found him dead.' "'How dreadfully' sudden! I cried. "'It wa.' she replied. 'And now Mr. Hilton, you must use your influence. Dr. Grey is simply ridiculous. He talks cf a coroner's inqucst. .It cannot possibly be necessary. Such a thing was never heard of in a house like this. He should have mor- regard: for the famiily.' "'As she spoke the white, wild face was painful to see. The words seemed to come from dry, burnt lips. " 'But why ?' I asked,' why does he think it necessary ?' . :. . " ' I cannot understand,' she replied. ' He says Sir Archibald showed no symp toms of danger orin- the evening he left him.' - \- ' let the next morning he was found dead, I interrupted. ." Yes,' she replied; ' it was so. But then, besides the fever from which he was suffering severely, I am confident my hus band was aflicted with beart disease.' "'There seems some little uncertairity about the cause of his death, I said. 'Why not allow the doctor to have his own way ? it would be more satisfactory to you all.' " The restless beantiful face grew even more deadly white. "'It must not be1' she cried. 'I have a nervous horror of it; it would kill me. I sent for you, thinkiug you were my friend, and would use your influence for me.' "' What does Lady Drayton say ?' I asked. "'She is too ill to have anyvoice in the matter,' she replied:eagerlyi; 'and it seems to me I am the proper person to decile.' " She looked at me with a questioning wistful gaze I could not understand, "' If you acree with me,':she said, 'Dr. Grey.will yield to our opinion. Use your influence, Mr. Hilton. I'eould not endure such a horror under my roof. The thought of it almost kills me.' "She clasped her hands, and then began to pace up and down thelong dining-room She wore a long white dress, soft and flowing. I remember thinking she looked more like a ghost than a living woman. Suddenly she came and stood before me. "' You will do your best " she cried, eagerly. 'Promise me you will. Do not let Dr. Grey or any one else know that I have seen you to-night. See him in the morning. Tell hlnm in your opinion such a course is altogether unnecessary, and would be most disagreeable to the family. Prevent him from doing it if you can. "Her eyes were burnin&g;, her white par ted lips quivered; the dreary horror of her face never lessened. "' I will do all I'can tooblige you,' was my reply. ' The doctor may notpersistin anything so painful to you as this appears to be.' "' You are very kind, she said. " The hand she extended to me was hot as 'a burning coal fire. I shrank as it touched mine. "' Youn are ill, Lady Drayton,' I said. 'Let mie advise you to try and get some rest,' "' I have been quite unnerved,' she re plied gently. 'L Goog-night, Mr. Hilton, and mind do your best.' . "' She quitted the room' in the same stealthy manner in which she had entered it, and I was left to wonder and surmise. "It seemed so strange; yet there were ladies of delicate nervous temperament wbho could not endure the thought of anything so painful as a .coroner's inquest. But Bianea Lady Drayton did not appear to me to be one of that kind. "Icould not sleep for thinking of that strange interview. The firbt message .I received the next morning was from Doe tor Grey, to say that he wished to see me. 'I found him a grave, noble-looking man, about thirty-five years of age, rather handsome, but cold and reserved. He greeted me politely, and began to discuss business immediately. " ' Will you explain to me, Mr. Hilton,' he said, 'who is Sir Archibald's'heir ?' "' A distant relative,' I replied. ' ?A second cousin, who is captain in a regiment now serving in India. The title and this estate of Fernscourt are entailed. Sir Archibald's fortune-no small one-reverts to his wife.' "' Upon whom must I look as the repre sentative of the family,' asked Dr. Grey. The Dowager Lady Drayton. is ill, and unable tosee me. , Lady Bianca.Drayton is out of the question. To whom mustI. look for cdnsent to what I believe to be necessa'ry?' "' I represent Sir Archibald's heir,' was my reply, 'and will be answerable to him for all that is done.' "'Then I must ask your sanction for the course I believe it necessary to adopt. I am not at all satisfied over Sir Archibald's death. I think it necessary to make an examination. When I left him on Tuesday evening he was ill, certainly; but there was no appearance of danger-not the slightest shadow of it. On Wedne~day morning I was sent for, and told that he had dlied in his sleep. His valet found him dead at seven in the morning, when he went to give him liis medicine.' "Idid my best. I told him'how un pleasant such a course would be to Lady Bianca. How ill she was; how the whole family would disapprove of it; and that if not absolutely necessary I trusted he would abandon the idea. "'I cannot,' he replied. 'Justice and science alike demand it.' "He was inexorable,, and I left him. Lady Bianca seut for me. She received mein her own boudoir. The gbastly face and wild eyes told there had been no sleep for her. "' What does he say ' she cried eagerly; and I saw that her whole soul was waiting for my words. "'Dr. Grey declares it must be,' was my reply, 'science demands it. He is sorry to act contrary to your ladyrbip's wish; but he declares he must do his duty.' " I was frightened when I looked at her. Heaven' grant I may never see such a face again. She turned from me with a low moan, and said no more. (To be contmu~ed). 