1 TALES AND SKETCHES. QRAHBPA DEBSXHGEK'S WILL. 'I best for yon, Mr. Dram,' said Grandpa ! * Derringer;' to make my wiO.' 'Bothing the rotter, I hope?' mid file young lawyer, acting himself at the open daft. 1 'Nothing particular; Denen ; In not so sum | »?? stick ytt but I may outlast eome of ay | jnmars,eh? Come j then «re pern. Are too K_JIa. 9 TJvImf «? iivifu* « man Mi»lif tn malm i nsuj i **? ''S '* J ^i *? ?.-— — -* ^ — — -— ~ . ins will, I take it ; if a a sort of pleasure he owes ' hhnself. It's consoling to reflect that even when Ik is food for worms lie has a certain power of j dictation over the Eoode left behind. Beady?' « Quite ready, ICr. Derringer.'' «? Now, then, to begin. I give and bequeath to my granddaughter, Esteue Derringer, only eaSdof my son Paul Derringer and Katharine Ssw (confound her! I disowned Paul for her Bake; a aon of mine to marry a threadbare nvenees ! a Derringer to ally with a Kew !)— I gave and bequeath to and ttataOe a hooae and' land on Grondy Avenue, Ko. 99: a farm in little Grsndison, wife two hundred acres of meadow land attached s also twenty shares in the xVctaunj Mimng Omuuauyi see aharaa injSse fn«mK«Tnr Bailway. Xk- yon know, Denen, they Am Tfcn ? semi-yeany dividend of thirty-time per cant? Ko watering of stock there I Fool I didn't boy into it largely : bat the eharas ware going tor a aong when I bought these. Abo six shares in tbe Cloth -of-gold Manufactory, fifty shares of the Buffion Bank stock, and the silver ahoe buckle with niy gnst-grBai^rsndnuher*s monogram on it in paste. It win show that ahe iad a grandfather, winch ahe never omdd have ehown if he hadn't been a Derringer. I've worn those sboe-boctles in tableaux, Denen, when I was a young fellow like you, before the olliw came to grief. 'Yes? Idas Estdk wul.be qnite an hrirnw,** 'Well, so-so : money doesn't go tar now adays, when there a ao many flounces and furbelows. In my youth folks won cotton gowns mostly, and delaines for best: and it didn't take » web of stuff at that, nor a fortnight to make it either- But then I who to be fair with £steile:she's bone of my bone. So now 1 give and hrqnnarh — ready? — to my youngest aon, John (he and linl were always at ?words* poinla: he would have mm—ieA Sate Kew if P«ol hadn't)— so I give to John the insurance of my fife for ten thousand dollars, and my ailver **»**Tn' : to my cousin Mary Berry this bouse I Eve in, » Green Street and my fold wateh : and to Mrs. Wheat, my house keeper, one himdmd douara and my volume of WattA Hymns. And I appoint yon my executor, It. Denen.' When the wiU was dory signed, and witnessed bv the famflv doctor, who had droanad in to fed Mr. Derringer's pulse and drink s glau of his port, and the clergyman, who had tbHownd in the doctor', motateps, then Mr. Derringer rubbed his chin complacently and chueUeoVaa if he had got off a good joke, or bad, at least, relieved Ins mind of a load. 'I had always meant t- do the right tinni-ty BsteDe, if ahe is half Kew,- he said, smiling blandly. 'Tm going to eend tor her, and faave her hen for a while. She's been firing with the Kew. since the death of her parent*. They're a ahabby aeta beat. 8he had better be removed from their ebaritr, if ahe'a going to inherit from a Derringer. I went to see her once ont of cariosity to know how they treated hex. Hobody gnraw.nl who I was. I got boarded in the house with her at beramiKewV. Bless you! if I hadn't been ?gentleman I conld have sworn roundly to aee how they sneered at and abused my tjranddsughter, end she a Der ringer! She went on all the ahabby errands, and brought the dinner home in a brown paper, and washed dishes, and wore their old duds, and sat in the dining-room when there wan young feuows in the parlour. She didn't know me {mm Adam, and I bad never bud eyes on her before : but I tell you it made my old blood boil as it has never done since I was a boy. I wonder how she had better come? I don't want to go and fetch her myself because yon see, I might image her.' ? Where does ahe live?' asked Denen, shaking the eand over the fresh signatures. ?' Aie these wretches the Hews of FalenBe ?» 'Ye», the 'Sewn of ValeriUe : they don't amount to is, row of nias, but they nscmble the pins in being sharp.*1 'Well, I was going to say that I hare bosiness «— IKwg me to ValenUe next month. Suppose I bring Mist Esteue back with me?' 'Capital! HI write her a letter for yon to tale.' 'Tell her it's for her intern* if ehe'e a menenary Kew; tell her it's duty to as aged relative if she's a Derringer.' 'You're to be Mutest -led as alone, at the mercy of servants and strangers, and all that aortof tiling, eh?' '?Tee: you know how to nfrsmdr) the girls, M be bound!' 'HotL' surprised Una EtusBe sweeping off the front steps of toe Sjbw twiw |rni 'Bear me' who is tint coming hen, Ux, Curath?' she aid to to ? young man playing croquet on lie gam-plot with her cousins, but wbo had stayed swbj from than to exchange ?i word with tat ' I beEeve it is Lawyer Denen, of Kew Tork,' esSaCsrruth. « And I m my old wrapper !** 'Do I bare the pleasure of speaking to Ib Derringer?' asked Denea, adrandsg. 'I bring you a message from your gnndfatiier.'' ?*BeaDv?Ithoughthedisownedmy existence,' she said, looking straight into Denen's face, as if she would fiuhom his purposes. But Denen was so much transparency. She saw instead a dark, handsome *vMintr»**w**'1 lighted by eyes fan of admiration, and a firm, unwavering 'lhave come at tbe remnat of your grand father to escort yon back to him.' 'Do you think be needs me?*' she asked, after reading his letter of invitation. ' I do, Kise Derringer. He ia an old man now. you know, with none but faireunga b- look 0 But he has never eeen m*. B*ow can be tell if I ehan be pleasant to him r' ' I think then can be no doubt of that,' be replied, with prompt gallsntry. 'Do too?' she eaten, quite seriously. 'Then I snpposc — I must — go.' 'Ton were to do nothing against your will, ?? KcCt don't mean to do anything aeainat my win,' she ssid, wifb charming simplicity. JI don't like, I can seek my fortunes else- wbere.' 'You would not have far to seek. When shall 1 call fcr JOB ? I leave a week from to-daj. W01 that be convenient?' n Afl days are alike to me.** 'Locy Mas Derringer! And wffl they part from you wuiinirly bere ?' 'They are not distractoigly fond of me,' shmggine her shonldera. ' Who is ibnnd of a depended ? An uncle's wife and aome cousins are all my possessions bere. Tm glad of a diversion in my savour. fiolLuig ever happened to me before.' ' Something has h^ipened to you now with a vengeance,* thought Denen. It was alone journey for Estdle from Tale vflle to Kew Tork, throin-b scenery where the bloom of summer was in ha sweet prime, with birds shining intiie liucketa, and aiders ning jng stagnant pools, and a subtle settee of repose hsnnling the cool recesses of woods Uut opened on every hand, and led the imagination enchanted through labyrinths ofdewyeournde. Mr- Denen took care that the hours should not drag (or Estene. He had a legend or a romance tor every way-station; be knew the names and habits of birds that sang within call, of the flowering shrubs blooming beside the path ; be made his teuow-pssseneen the subject of amusing conjectures, of droU guesses at their circumstances and errands, at their dis positions and aims; be quoted poetry and and talked novels, and discovered who were Eetrile's favoorite heroes; and when the crystal day dnsnlved at nightfall into a shower, and gnat flashes of ughbnng swathed tile m stanfa heavens, revealing in the fflninina taon gloomy ravines, over which they seexaso to p*wE anspenoed, sbnttdsring caverns of darkness, whose brink tney slui'led, he marie bsr forget the pisaout, and aee, instead of tins wraith of the storm fnr^dfnt; by, ukimw of happy firesides yet to be evolved 60m the chaos oftbefotnre, pictures of gardens where lovers loitered and ehndren played. 'And here we an at Sew York,' he said, rising. -Aireauvr v¥ny, Lnongox u wasagfesx w»y.™ Grandpa Derringer was waning to welcome them. « ATI Derjnger,' be 'decUred, holding ber at arms-length ; - but I dare swear the Saw will orop out' aAaa why shoiiMn'titr' arid ahe, sneuy. So life in Hew York began tor Esteue— a very different life from that other phase at Valevflle. Here ehe had fine dobbes to wear, and no one to say, ™ Why do you so V nobody to. taunt ber wiui beggary, fio twit faerfiir *^''^ * ^iHnnn ttnf blonde of whom her grand relations wens ashamed. Yet, /or all Oat, after the first oowatjf bid miiwied, sos hsd fast* &ndc; ngtsto aomrrimwi She vonld Inn fiteo a good deal fat % met xonsd qwn£ to np^s the dead aim. The dsja wets feacfallj alike, Bon*pictar08 of _^ * .« -.» _-j, _ ? * * j- . one anotner* wim hoc suougn |Minvpenemie to give them charm. She began to wonder if every thing bad bsppnawi to her that was going to happen. Mrs. Wheat was ahraya Bnguasud {nauliiialiiMHi| rtn f i |,«iwg tfi»j«rtiAMgrtr wi Jiiitf marvellous jdSea. Grandpa Derringer was gardening, or reading piles of etnpid newapapers about the war in Europe, the rise in breadatafb, the price of gold, er else he wae pUyinR ebess with Mr. Denen. Ab for herself, ehe might play on the maty piano, or read the novels of the but centuries, or assist Mrs. Wheat s walk in Che garden and pick the purple plums, make calls, or spend her pocket-money abroad ; but after that there was nothing tor her bat to listen to grandpa and Mr. Denen upon disputed law guestinus, the last political jmhrDEuo, or the councils of popes and kings. Having safely '?nd«d her upon her nalzvB heath, so to speak, Mr. Denen seemed to have forgotten her enstence. Be -*amft and went without regarding ber : he never referred to her opinion— such delicate fl*Hwj to a young ladv - if ahe spoke, be reptied without punming tbe mmnaiaalion. Tlbis eoodnct had tbe effect of pjqnmgBsteue; be had given promsie of such plaaant compamonahip i it was Iftc tbe fairy gold turning into withered leans. She used to wateh him fintively, loneine nainfullv for a litfle nttentuo. just became be wjiiiheU it, prising it beyond its worth, perhaps, became it waa so rare. She beard hun speak to the gay wadd watda he trsqnented,oftngnts at the opera, of bagedy and comedy, and ahe fete like a bM pining for treedam, and beating its wings against the nrison 'let a- go to tbe opera, too. Grandpa Derringer,*' ehe entreated one day. 'BotL. Opens an played oat tat me — insipid. You can go, though ; FB ask Denen to take you.' 'Oh no, no! I will not go if yoo do.' If he ahould ask her himself, that would be ME— t* Strange tint the tbmge wetoBEfx most ShonH be the tast to happen! DsEnDgCT. But ICffyllarj -*?jj not TTffW*1 to tttT 'at borne. She stole oat next day and bought her ticket, ana when night leu, and while ber grandpa waa entertaining some geotiemen in tie library, she disgmsed herself in a front of take hair which she had found in rummaging the attic, crowned with a cast-off bonnet of Mrs. Wheat's i attired herself father in mantle and gown from her ejraodmotber's wardrobe, packed away in lavender ^j tobacco, mounted a pair of goU bowed snectades, drew nver ber fcatmw a lace nS, and passed into the opera imipiPsflnneA1 with the motley crowd. She was a 'trifle dazzled and beside heraetf at first: bat tbe ushers bated her with such coadesoensum, and every one etoseemed so utteriT blind with re gard to ber, that abe soon composed herself, and was quietly enjoying tbe strange fantastic scene, when a familiar voice at her «fiow caused her tan to drop from her grasp, to be returned to her by the exquisitely gloved band of no Ice a person than Mr. Denen, who took a seat directly before her. BeteDe was wise to bow her thanks simply, and then tbe curtain rolled away like a doad, and mtrodoeed her to fairy land. Afirat opera is like a ?first love, in that it is a new experience and development, and has all tbe freshness of novelty. EstsOe abandoned benelfto its enjoyment like a child: tor the time the seople and tbe situation were real to her: she laughed and sorrowed with them : and when tiie curtain fell and Denen rose to de-psrf, be caught a glimpse of » lovely gray-haired lady, with the bloom of youth on ber cheek and tears in hereyea. M Jove r* he said to Grandpa Derringer next day, while Estelle sat in the broad window-«est dreaming ever ber evening's pleasnre, ** I saw the most remarkable old lady at the .opera. Her cheek was fifce a peach and her hair sQver white, and there wen two gnat tears in ber superb eyes when tbe plsy was over- She might faave eteppsd out of some old painting, or sbe may bare been aome pretty girl masquerading.'' ' A sretty daring girl, I should call her,' said grandpa. 'What was the opera, Mr. Denen?* asked Estdle, oommanning her voice with effort. 8be uked that remark about the peachy cheek and the superb eyes. Were her eyes superb ? He had never behaved at if they afiected him in that way. 'It was one of Itomzettfa, SCss XsteUe— Imoo. di 'Lammcnawr. Did you never hear it?' 'I think I heard it once. See, I can recdl some of the airs now;*1 and abe moved to the ?Thank you. Miss EMeUe,' said Denen, when she had finished. 'Some of the melodies an the very spirit of melancholy. Whydojoo rhnono snch ssd ti™ ?' 'AnyonaadP rfSien I like sadness.' ♦'Indeed?' And he said no more. She dated not, however, repeat ber experiment immediate! J; bat later, when some famous singer appeared in H Titmahm, and Mr. Denen beciiniftenlihfisiawtipovernBr, and Grandpa Derringer declared that he did .not can a farthing for all tbe amgsrs in Christendom— a bobolink wsnld put them to shame, be believed — then EeteUe bethought herself of her former operatic eoooeas. She made eome improvements peach bloom out of sight— sue did not go to be admired1; abe curled tbs wig about her fere j she took a curious pleasure in decorating her seUinber grandmotber'e black brocade, found folded away in tbe cedar chest up stabs, in the wnlnuidstw yiwapii'liief of tns psst^ bud across tsr orsjsat wunpuwtse, and ffimtml with a Zopnr lazuli broocb. tTtrn, tiuowing over her shonlders Usdame Derringer's tor cape, and donning Kts. Wheats's ^wfTAni1 bonnet, fur bished for tbe occasion, 'she hastened oat, delayed «u instant beside « ftmily earrage which was dBcnsrging tte Jiugbt of firrs and laces, and liiimnil in to tbe opera under then escorl, as it were. How it dazzled ber un accustomed eve, snob bewildern^g costumes in the audience, s» well as tie arton! Xhejmiebt all andeaeh have just stepped out of the JrtOAtH SigUt, tor all abe knew. Such perfume pervading H& air; aneu crowds of beautiful faces TM-^-rn; every where ; such music, that made tbe peach bloom struggle to bum through (be powder, that made tbe eyes flash and soften — the 0I0U old wba, interpreted and realised, which abe bad caught from wandering minatreb, and dreamed over on lonely winter *'C^1** at TaleviDe! She bed no conception of tbe pan ahe was playing herself ; sbe did not anprecistc its dangers, nor'perceive tbe eyes that were bent nponberubevnlderedaoeBtionmg, in half recognition. So long as Mr. Denen was not her n^ghhrtirr tjh» frifc »wimi| Humph. '' fur befpifffB enjoyment, sbe did pot know bow the brown cuds escaped beneath tbe gray, bow her Uaek brocade was sprinkled with tbe powder that bad shaken like frost from her fair face. When the last note bad died away, she dropped ber veil and followed tbe crowd, in a sort of blind ecstasy, into tbe foggy all Bel, and rm'rmE a tinatbing-spaee beneath a gas-Sent to get ber hearings, coming so quickly from light into cross lights and comparative darkness, a touch light as dust feD open ber arm, a bee— tbe bee of young Oarrath, whom ehe had left at Talevuie playing an eternal game of croquet, ahetbooght ' When yon masquerade again. Was Estell«, take care you do not auow the brown ringlets to appear in competition with tbe gray. See here; I severed it with my Damascus blade— liiainii 1 ? 1. Xuckyoor arm into mine, and rD take you borne.' But she gave him one swift glance instead, and fled, leaving theenri be bad clipped away in bis hand— fled right or left, she knew not wbere. Wondered in dm tooth of some testire hones, and fell, trampled in the « Hold in yoor bones!' ahontei Mr. Denen, wbo happened to be crossing at tbe same time. 'An old ladv bu fallen under their bnh. love! shell be crusted to powder; be sprang at tbe check and with one strong band rescued bar with tbe other. « Ky little madam,' «aM be, supporting her now in hotj- anna, S' an you much Jmrt? Oan you stand? I will call a carriage and take yon borne. Here, Spurning, von may drive us to Mr. Derringer's. I think thi. lady is a Mend of bis.' 'So this ia the way they return from the opera, is it?' amid grandpa, waking up from his doze, after the doctor had come and gone, and bad tKmuunosd T&eteus; out of danger. M Didn't I ten you no good cama of tbe peaky tiling! ? 60 you tbiul tbe part of aa old lady and smog small ? Ha, be ! pretty good bt a chit like you j but bold, my dear, wry liold^B«T«iewisb too. ffiiall have to amd yoo back to Valeria- if you ^'T won't go beck, yen know,' said EatsDa, from among her cushions on the sofa. 'Why rot?' asked Mr. Daaeu, who jt* ''^OnTbeesuse— because— Did I make a very passable dd lady, Mr. Denen t' i 'Iperferyoo aa a young one, smOingefwF*| so little. 'Do too P I should like to be roung always. I thought people liked old women tbe best— at least they show them tbe most attention.' ' 'Because it Is perfectly sab: tbers'e no danrer,' his smile ernannine. ??Danger! Danger of what?' raising herself on one elbow to look at him. ' Danger of losing one's— head '.' 'I don't believe there's any danger for you, Mr. Denen, any when,' sinking back. *? Xhat's bnranse yon don't know me.' 'And whose fault is that?' 'Yonrmirfortone,pTobably,'Uo|;hed grandpa. Mr- Desen was very tind after Cms mishap. He came every day to inquire for ber, the. bruises confining ber to the sofa fcr some, time. He brought her bunches of dewy violets, beaksu) of ran fruits bidden beneath Bowers, fight literature to wbfle away Ills dull hoars, sad a wonderfliL wabuct whose kernel was a tiny vinaigrette of crystal cut in delicate designs of branch end leaf. He brought .bis flute too, and tunes to words of her choosing, and was (bo same Mr. Denen again wbo made her journey from Valerius pathway of sunbeams. One evening while he was present Mr. Ghrmtfa called. 'So,' said that youth, 'you slipped away from me the other night j I anew it must be eftbervoaor your grandmotiMr. WSlyous*o with me in your prapsr character next week? May I count upon tbe happiness t' 'IT I am able to watt, thank yoo.' 'You did not mention seeing Mr. GarrabV* spoke Denen, potting away his flnte. I thought you were alone.' 'And so I was.' Denen retired into himself aa BsteOe reeorend and was able to seek her own pleasure. When ahe found herself strong enough to go and aome with Oaenrtb, he was as far away as ever again, as remote and coUsati» icebergs of the norih pole. Once he condescended toaakEsusue, « Is Mr. Oarrath staying in town 7 ' 'Yes,' said aha: 'he is studying medicine with Dr. Thoronghwort' ??And what is that to you, Mr. Denen V far nothing mon annoys a woman than ^JrraiT attentions diluted with judicious neglect. 'Oh, nothing but a phenomenon, certainty. Its nothing to me, cither, tSst you have lost a curl from yauFieft— but it's agood deal to jou ; you miss it.' « I can contrive to do without H, so long as I know it's in safe keeping.'' Hot long after this Onrotti encountered Denen, and they strolled down Ore etreet together, Csrmth hoping to tear perticnlsisOf Esteue from-tbe-friend of U» famBy, Denen trnatn^toducoverthegroundnsonwbicnUjstwo met, and, as sometimes bappens, he diengvered mon tiisn he eared to; fbrOarmtb, y«f his pocfat-book to pay for book binenllowed EsteUe's curl to fall out from its hiding-vlaee. ' Is this the war von take care of yon- Jady*« tavonn?' asked Denen, noiichaltiniyanaiiiig Carruth colonred as he eaid, ' It is no every girl would give a lover such a cod, now, fait P Andhsirsoeipenjrre! Don't yon ttrnkt may have hope?' « Bunry,' said Denen, ' sorely. 'WheaagMtimbmoreofToarwiniesaian of her own beauty the afiair is tolerably eetain, Itakeitr4* ' i '?Barely.' repentx* Denen. He was £ no mood for words; the aftair was aUeajatbestoa certain to bsasrafabln to him; wsnassnasato of doubt, it bad |inmiasirt a bitter kind of , fasdoation for him, such as « beggar ray feel gnawed by banger, shivering with tbe ejd; yet erouchmg on the icy pavement to sea be enstly toilea and bear tbe merry- msking-of to revelers. So it bad given Denen absolute fin to see EeteUe lavishing ber regard and contirletg npon this immatnn young man, and yet la could not span himself the auftering. Ie antehnJtbe two ioTOfoBfarifv wneo be sseml engrossed in other things. Be heard the words when be wis convening with Grxndf Derringer himself. He mdured theb silences 1 suspense. At the opera he lent Us attention t them alone from tbe undefined shadows of private box. If yoc bad asked him, he cool an longer have told of the prima donna's pointa be no longer grew eloquent over ber Isarsb = h. had a asason ticket to a perpetual private opera when the melody never fsltend, where the tnged; and comedy of his life centred. He hated himself for (his espionage, hat Boss! the lew did it dishearten him. Helm ? IsJ hnnsslfwithatbouss^iuusiona. Why did bC ~ love Eatene? Was it the wfll which be bed indited for Mr. Derringer? ShouM be have loved her had be found her poor and faaagnifi- ' cant? It ktna that he baa gone to Valevflle with the balf-conoaived purpose of anarrvinc Mr. Derringer's heiress, but when be bad seen ? her, abe became an object too stored to be pro faned by his regard. He began to think btmeelf — ?itt, who could ever have unerbuned awah ma lign purposes— of fibre too common and mean to due bespeak her for but own, or hope bra return of his psssum. XiDve eo ootnpsetelw possessed hie soul as to leave no niche tar lesser motneaor Smpabea. 80 be badzooeaaaua pedingtoDuelfnvjn and mons removing Imnaelf ; by hi. distant manner from ber tbau(bts, be S believed; seeing eootber Bgbt fer (be love be cjveted.andyetputtingootoouaiidtowm. Intfae uieaatinie he coald bavetakea 00 surer xneanao£ conquering EsteDe. Knueawpsaan,siito-! liCT ' be sun to remember yon. She wssl^ pleased with this reserve that could, na/b wcaaioos, liissirW JntTT a hfintn rf eir:'-irnr1 tnnflrmnss , Somewhere at tsther — waaitty. awayistbetari- J light region of her swoon f— toe seemed to recall i Vfag folded ia m too fender for mere ctortj, to bear tan too ?wort for sarnie pity. She wed to lie unto night. enAV raider abort Donen—ifsbe eUoold em oatgraw ? longing far his (anzd: after jests baa nmi powerless tocher l^wi*. if she .fanld be happy ?ah Oerrath;if it would be right to many fain with bo best to ji»e, thoorh gtsnopa *w too poor to lane her much. TOo beg «be was eahsnwd. md ahe bid no meaiu of earning her finUbnad, and it would pleue Gsrrntb beyond ?Stamp. For who i» there, not being «bk to imnam Oat waieh abe wwatf bmvc, but win ftjnsuaa^tlist which she aus-hsnf Star, bad ajdaocbed and coquetted with Camtb with malice ^pnpense, hoping to win asms e^aoss of anxious annoyance from Denen, trostinc tint ffbehld a»yhiddanliopss,jotloai!ywoeld quicken them into deeds end words. Bat it bad oat worked v «be expected. Hh nm bl inraisa Sanaa ; and not being able to «w tin other aide of this tapestry which w» all eireamstanees, shebsagiren it all op, and, for want of ?ome- ning better to occupy lwihonchtsudbean, sin bad blindly panned the flirtation wish «ndto himself if, aft* tawing led him each a wild-gooee ebaer., she 4id not promise to mtiry aa. She waa young enough aad romantic enough to be deceived by bit tragic pi onuses, and then, as her conscience aa not quite et CkoTutti tili it insnmed sarioa aspect*, and be swdsnWmriy assured her thaft he ebould-put en mtRMKtmg faim, ttjeybecsme angagea. If ?he faaSdooe wrongly, if, through inexperience ami fins a wigne taKef (iat men'a hearts «re» adamant, she had deluded Cbrrata into really -losing her, aba meant to abide by tbeeon-, annueoces. Afierall, it would only be elHrtims ?terast; ?naonoajN the aanmnce thai Denen was indiSmnt to her made the aacrmee tbe fainr. Bnt from the ip^imnt in which bet Io»er*a ring aEpped orer tar finger ahe felt like *gaueiHiai«. She took no further pleuun in any thine. Sbe mored the impersonated echo of bis wanes, bnt there waaao joy on ber countenance, no egHbcuy in her mien. When CermtJi was not present, she used to ait boon togather in the eunny window of her erand tsthn's unary, nsed to ait with idle bided bands, and area that did sot aee tbe pm apanea before them, tbe btesioming booths Mown by the wind, tie shadows that lurked be aide the sunbeams— with eyes that looked out. instead, asm* the desolate future, and guessed its outgoes from -hs present, lb. Doaeo was ?Jhere too sometimes, but he walked like a ghost through tar dreams. He «lw bar, and was perplexed. lodeadeiaee aba waa safe from him, be thawed out from his alaAxeaant to draw her from her own. He animated her to play again to him time puuntrre airs from tbe operw, to aisg iiu irarda he had onot adapted ior ber s \- «Oaae,liaart.aoesmE, TbBttbitlseweet vaoeitaauitaav lan«MT&at.; 'aweaUieu^ wbt weep, Bund panning J Cbae, aje^aM sleee ; 'IiBTeii but nriBg,' he reported. 'I enter my protest. Do jot think ao, Ifi. ErttUe r 'I— do— not— know,' she answered slowly. '' I hani been tianfctng faiatj— ** 'Votamewpraoeas, lbeUere.' 'guuenew. Women learn to think too late. Bis only selfish lots that ia rung. If I km yon ibr any advantage to myself, mmy~ ' 'If yon Ion me, IGn Batelle V he cried, forgetfnll,, ma -ie- like a newly dueorared atar, eoeUsugely it shone oat &om; thv tnamtmt Sbeamded fkintlf, at a «k* peaon emjlei at aomekhid bot frnilleai eaggeatbn. 'Imw joa and a» as iujMnmiujalCTg bren,' «he 'OertakJyjtmderstMa&Dj;^bededared, nhpong into tbe nebulous atate. -Tonwe» Coinetawtf— ' 'I was ming to e»j that adfiah loring nmtondlyonaed in mine, that ao mneb of Ion w it hearenlr, and no more, anil aornra thmogb * *E -eternity.' « And wbat Own? Inoeami weanneoher aaanied nor giron in maniacs, an4 I do not dawn to lore enrybadyas~«ai«oa!d1on one. JtmAmiiai I as not anfieiemif epirihui minded to be «ti«fied. t wish to feel the warm bmnaa toneh of love, to j»e it lighten in fteeblj eyas and redden on tbe enasavta hear it speak with the tongues ol men and angels, fiarhaps I am toommterUl, butdoepirhiembtace? £ wul be no hemen to me, Krtdle, moleai I can -bid mj odond in my anmv Aeejc to cheek, heart to baert.' And. aba tor the ?trengthof human win, Mr. Denen waa holding Batalk in a dam as warm a- lore's, bis eyei searching hers, tolreaauipoaioriptr ^Hx-Deoaarabe died ( ' lit Denen, yon ioi««t«om-eVandmer 'I tagat myadQ parhaps, bnt I remember you too weU far my peso -rf mind,' pseugs htfdaenwhkeyes. - 1 ban been breaking a ? muimiinl ? nl and eoreting my DnghbonrV Booda. Evrooame.' SstsBe -did not Mcmnehwtib. Senen after dot for aoms'time; aad Germtfa baring gone abroad tonsit satatn bospitak, abe was much alone now, till one day Gmndna Oirmpr m anddenly asnOen wiA parslyais andaigmned Usaaan to ban DenenaentCx. There ra so laleieiiM ts tin past, howetar. Sbey met onrtbc auk-bed, paa»3 medidw, anasied nOlawB, eonralted together, and nbend «eeh Atherat the wab* like the menatftiends.wfao ?UVB DO Uwllaff wMpmtwflD UaTtea BMaOWaWBp. When at-.0anii«w«smed- ainewBst,-itkey bdiCTed, he said to Deoen, 'I aappase Babfle as weU prorkM lor, at any rate: Osrmth is not poor- t wonM B*TedonebeH»byatdie- onthslfa!oa(,you aaiow. Tvacn't have yonr cake and eat it too. I hope be lore, tbe dual fcearjeY— only Dr. . Storooghworf. leaky. Td rather it bad be«n -' you, Denen ; bnt I tee money ant win yowr dbebsnssyoaVraatoad the test bml*. Iliad imidB-tsiaDaUgraw-ofi»daftbea^rL Btood will telL An old man'e plant are nMertiin, Ukewiadasd water. IfrmrijtmgertOHnorrow, Denen— do yea hear? Where are yopf lbere, ave me yonir hand. How warm it is 1 IDne««I»iaethe«r.re. STm atrongn' W»TI — write— aaotbar— -wiB — to mootw.* Bat Onodps Derringn's tanurnnr waa all eternity! Watn the Jonaol waa on, the haadfid of rdatins aawmbled in the library to bear tbe wffl read ; Eatdle in her weeds ; John Derringer, eible of eonntanance asweDaa attire, with hi. axpeetant imfly; Mary Beny in mstjtUct-. aadoaphewaaadaieees to the tUrdaod fiwrcb geneatioB. Mr. Denen. too. bad crane on h« bat, an i bis bee was aafay when he maoMed tbe wilL EUhmd»ha*,i»Tw»»»mUBi,»nn aomething Kke a nnat kxmg before 1dm end blnrred tbe aamdwrituar. In the pmne that eosnadyoaeoald bear the impatient nude it* garment, the baUVconossled yawn, the etifled e»b of those who waited. When be had bushed the reading there was a stir of relief, and all eras tnmea to £ae hanwjs, and etsry tongue bnt Joan D.armgri'ewaslooeetocoogrmtnbteber. SotSsteue jrms Ute the gboat of b«r»\f, tjde as ahU-tater. luany^yed, hasky^oued : Ihere not know,* aba aaad, with ber «yaa upon Denes — 'I thoogbt that crandfrtber had only fak nsoiaoee and tbe amnAy, whieh died was him. Itr. Henen. daf 50. know of tW.? ° Kaa ttateQ., I wrote the W9L In a few dsya (hose who had amemblad dis pensed on their severs! ways. In coarse of Sme John Derrmga ameintopowesnociof tnates thooasod, while his wife looked abarpr/afier the airnr tankard : and Mary Perry, in her maty bUek,went to bonae-axepiia; in her new borne, innfiog EuWle to nmsm there taU ahe ahooU marry, 'which won't be a hundred yean, I reckon, eMTORyon're am bdnaa,' abe and : and Dr. Ihoroaghwort dropped in to addniscan grcbdstions and condolenfra in the same breatli. 'Vn known that yon afoad wall in yonr grandpsVwiS all alangTasidbe. » I waioie of the ?iluasaue. yoa know. Heard from Dr. Osrrnth, lately? I need to tell him you were worth looking after. Honey isn't to be aneezed at when joo're mating * matcV If* tbe cushion that earn the jaltn along Iifi-- mrhway. eh? AllB,hi«eitaecaredtoyom»eI£. Ooad mominer- So CMTofh bsSknawn about thetwiu, and Denen had known. Si* was the only one who had ben in the dark. Well, some week, passed, ao kesrily far fctolt Ait nobody could ban gaeaeed abe bad anyewse tor bappisaas, wben one day Denen appeared, ao Mastemwed a» thandfaxload, and ragnastad to see ber done. 'He's going to propose, enre aa you Ina,' thought Mary Peny. ' WeD. bow tile men do hanker alter a body's mese! Ihemaahannt let m that 0mm ana each a paeon bm&huts; Uary Feny tor theaeten years bsTe shook hands cordial as all noaafairrlj and esllad zosnd to any O3t the land.' -Uim Stun*? Mk. Oenen bagaOi °I mm aorry to be the bearer of eril tidings, but— ? 'Has any thing bappenedto OaaBitfa7*ahe qoastioiied,iurl«. '?BotfaingofwUehlamaware. MiasSatdle. bow conld you hear porerU', after jour eipectatwmofweahh? 'itr. Denes, vbnthh? ZeU on qajeUy .' Has anything happened to my gmndnaher'a beqoesttf' -rom- cono&Uier;'.beDnerts.MlssDerrihger, aw tsdstsn czeept ia bk imagination t tfan were castle, in die air, wUeMbtm esaaon b belien, fcom words ottered during hw bat monenta, be bad aaiaad to asm aome aqieeia) purpose or e*hn of maown. Bttl he did Bol intend to enbject yoa to tins bitter diaappomt roTOt,fcrhisl»«twordewtre,'IfIam»tronger, Denen, we will writs another win to- mmrtrr.'' 'And ao 1 am a begljar agunl 3Che een sationia eo totally new that I do not rragnm! it.** t 'Bot yon win noon marry?* tersmg away hisbnmd. « . -If there B any tlnng to wmehl conrn balp you. caD upon me. ZwonUafaaremylaatemst with Mr. Da«ngaVeBwnd^angMer- «3hank you,' ntonnd Btefle, coldly: 'I bope I may not need it' H be oflered it only to Mr. Derringer's a^and-danghter, ebe would atarra before aceeptinjr it 'htm aakes,' eaid Hw Perry, when the eonferenee was ended, 'whafa he bean saying to you? How don't look ao glnm about it. Ton needn't fed obliged to hare torn jest haesase be asked yoa. It does 'cm rood to set tbe cold shoulder now end then, taw, didn't I rerase Tom Briekett ptamp, and did it do him the lent bit hurt as era- waa ? Didrft ha go and ask Snaan Sampson the eame-anretifm, and get published the next motrtt ? And then you're got plenty to lire on fin you're (raj, end I had to take in aewine for my bread, aad batter. Bat. 'ITa/eaysItolCr. Briekett: -I harart waited forl^^ve years tor theltfceeof yonr' -itr. Denes did sot ask me to starry turn. Cousin Berry : be came to tell oh that sTrandps didn't ham anything to me bat the old paste eboe+ueHe.' -raepsste .hoe-ooeMe! Why. he Wt yon houses and lands besides. I heard itreadont oftbewillmyaeir.*' 'Bat be didn't own any aneh things, and I -Bo, no. Waan'tthiByourtTudnm'eoonaer Xbn shall lin here as long aa there's one beam of it npoD another. Pretty thing it wwdd be &r; me to tnm yoor £nndpa'-a ajrand-^aaKbtar ootofhisbwae!' *™M™*m -»??*-- «31niikyon,Oonsin*rVrry: but I most go to work— tan hat, or where r' 'Lewyoo'/ltet married before yon know it, a pretty gH tike yoo ; and foBu needn't be toU that your grandpa's wjn waa bUerol, and—' « lam engaged already; bot I asaB write -p Dr.Oumth and tell hin the whole atory.* ' And Bet tbe mitten for yonr pains.' «FOT're«f-l! re.«nod. If I fared » Jtxmg Celknr, I gaeas you wouldn't catch me going out of my way to lose tip.' ?-HoJher aboold*: and, whs?* aore, I sbooldn'tgo out of m/wmy to find him, either. And then it would not be fo to ooneeal it boa Dr. Cbrroth. Bnt Dr. Xhoronghworthhad stolen a march span her, and fast mentioned Srandpa Derringer's odd freak in a friendiy Mtar to Dr. Camith whoe SateDe «as tbmldng bow to aay it. Hans before her latter had baaaaaSed abe received ane from him, asying that sjnee he bsnd it woald take him yesa 10 astab&sh; Um self in hi. nvteaaieo— nenr hanng befate imaentood *be mtgsituie *fthe aaedoe— smee hebadao little capital with whieh toetartin Efttfaat beaboaU teobugedtamarrylatt.it woaU an crad Oat abeaboaU waste the bloom of ber years in waiting tor oO£ eo un worthy; ttcremre bad raaeirad, aa psnftd ns itwasfer him, to oSer to tdaase bar tVom the \- Oh, aery body ases thnmgb Oat akmuner.' add OnA, Perry. » I had a bean aay pretty mocntBeaame to me after «riber coed m3 tii estate was sattled tffl tbsre WMn'tanyrJung left ; bnty«t*ri.7 ba eameop,if jonTlbsi«*m«, looking aa smart as a new sent, and diipoaed to fereettfaepast like a. Christian. Bot,IUnkeI, eweetoeiaaijast aa agnseable when you're poor as poian as arbea yon'ra gat a fine faonae left to yoa .-so arhen ha- aafad afaontd be eafl again, I told bin. be conld please himsalf j ?f.oaldo't make no dmVrenee to me, aayaray. There waa a time when Td ban gooe through are and water J««irt a»an,rjut,t»-a. yoo, I wouldn't loo*; ont the window to aee Urn tjo bf to^ay. FkAa do foe throagb a aight ofaDOerioj' Some weeks later Mr. Denen made Us re appearance. Taowa' esHfce— 'If»ou«in pardonme— to offer yon a aSsation. Taeeda competent -—here Mjas Berry left tbe room, fuBy penuided that an important pmposa] was ?boot to be njmde— ?- t seed ? eonmtent copyist. (f yon can aeeept it, job wffl oHire me,' -Mr.Denen/' said Bsteue, -I am deeply grateful to yon, bnt I do n« oert a «tastion ajrrlenaar. « JToeo yon are going to be married f° ** Ho, I ban no aneh 0100000.' « What do yoo aearfiam Br. Osrmti f' -Hoaang, Hr. Danes. I anau aw bear any tiung more from bini.'1 ? Do you mean— - 'Imma that Be inw broken the engage ''^icasEsteOer' 'liere! don't look at ae in thai way. I oWtdesem commiaeralioo ; I »tn beMttaull j naagaad.' ? But you land Bis ?' 'Inerardid. STou Hbd me.' Tonestonahmo. Soaioted some one ehe, perhaps?' 11 mttht bare Land aone one ebe if same oaeetmimaimatnm.' «Oh,letrafi»an«A»dwaBime.Bsaiiller muting eaarer. « If a-ed Denen baAlonS you, you would base lorad him, Bstafle f \- See, I lanen— I wwdd.' » Ana now what better bad won to flo flun to aeoopt my offer ?' 'Hothing, it aeon. Bat I ban made a disorwerr.' -,\ ' 'Sawnl. Toa ban' disrjonred that you loreaaa?' 'XfaaesaooU atory. Iaabm.' 'Wbeo yoo apeak erery drop «€ my Hood Krtens.' 'laetwael: I wanted a pair of ajlorea. Ihsd an money ; I had grandpa's ahnrbneUe instead. I took it into m jeweller', to get the Tilne of the ?her-' « What, asD an heirjaom that has been in the ??tooldpBateahoe^nrUer Bttlh.Tr, not ?old it. It is as good aa a &iry; atory. Bead. The, old baetie tint has tossed about the honat nobody knows how Jong, and nas ouHiiad the esrelais regard of generations, has east off its olaguieattUs^a^ declared itadf not paste. 'And why did yoa sot tell me before T 'Beesose I knew yon were each ? aDly teSow that, a I ehould tall you, lahould oeter. sen* tear Oat aweeter bury atory— and I like ran- atora- toe beat. U* wae what Grandpa Derringer meant in bis wul, I think— that the shot- barik would boy booses and land and bank atodt-'— Barpa'i HamtUg. 