Country, Intercolonial, &c.; THE MISERIES OF COOKTOWN.—The following description of a visit to Cooktown is taken from a letter received by a gentleman in Melbourne :—" A stranger unacquainted with the many miseries of Cooktown, coming suddenly from the most j populated part of the diggings, would think that the day of resurrection had arrived, all the men looking so ghost-like and supernatural. You cannot find a ^jQ&diCfoneAroan; on the diggings, all 1o thin that their bones actually prohrough their skin; in fact, although e been in the army and almost every country in the world, 1 never came across such wretched-looking people, nor ever lived in such a wretched country as that north of Queensland." SHOCKING DEATH.—A woman of abandoned character named Christina Kennaway met her death at North Clunes on Tuesday night by falling down a shaft. From tbe evidence adduced at the inquest, held on Wednesday, it appeared, says the Star, that the unfortunate woman had been drinking for several weeks, and wandered up to a tribute claim belonging to the New North Clunes Company. After calling out to a man who was working there she walked up to the mouth of the shaft:, and in the act of leaning over overbalanced herself. She fell to the bottom, a depth of 100 feet, and was killed instantaneously. Deceased's husband was killed in the Clunes Company's mine some year ago. A WEAK-MINDED YOUNG MAW.—A determined. attempt at suicide is reported from Tarraville. It appears, says the Gippsldhd Mercury, that on Tuesday morning a young man named William Neagle andh is father quarrelled over their worn at their residence, Green-hills, and, after striking his father, the young man went into tbe house and swallowed some chloride of zinc. He after wards rushed into the bush, followed by his mother and sister, but the scrub was so thick that they could not overtake him. Same little time after he was found with his throat cut on the left side, and a razor, was lying alongside of him. The wound waB not considered dangerous, and it is thought that there was not sufficient poison in the phial to cause death. ANOTHER MDEDEE. — The Cooktown Herald records tbe perpetration of another murder on the Hodgkinson, and in this case again exeessive drinking appears to have been the cause of the tragedy. It appears that Mr. Ebenezer Gibson, a storekeeper carrying on business at M'Leod's Creek, fifteen miles from Thornborough, had been drinking heavily in company with others for several days, and that a man named Frank Morris, who had been packing a long time for Gibson, was one of the party, the two men being old acquaintances and the very best of friends. Tbe grog, it is said, was at last all drank, and Gibson, then in the horrors, suddenly jumped from the bed, where he had been lying, and, under tbe impression that the store was beiog robbed, rushed outside, and, seeing poor Morris asleep on a log, plunged a knife three timeB into his body. Morris only lived three minutes after the horrible and fatal attack. Gibson was subsequently arrested, and tbe case having been heard before the Thornborough Bench, he was fully committed to take his trial on a charge of wilful murder. TIGER CATS' KITTENS.—A Campbelltown correspondent writes to the Ilobart Town Mercury oi the 26th September:— " Mr. Kaiker, of the hospital here, kindly presented me with five tiger cat's kittens, which were found at St. Paul's, and could have been only a few days old. The old cat was with them, by the side of a tussock of grass, but at once made off when disturbed. For ten days Mr. Raiker fed them with milk out of a spoon, but as it became evident that there would be considerable trouble in rearing them, I suggested putting them to a cat which had kittened only three days. I destroyed all her kittens but one, and put the tiger kittens to her. Very soon after placing them there the cat seemed to take to take to them. She not only cleans and keeps them warm, but when one straye awsy from the box in wbich tbey are deposited, she at once brings it back in her mouth. They are now weaned and take milk from a saucer, and are rapidly growing. One is jet black with white spots, the others have more a greyish-black colour, but all arc very handsome, and have been much admired by all who have seen them. It is iudeed wonderful to me that a tame cat could so coon take to them; for their cry, appearance, &c.;, and many other points you would have thought would render it im- possible for a domestic cat to take to them. They are to be presented as soon as they are fit to travel to Professor FJourey, vicepresident of tbe Zoological Society's Gardens, Regent's Park, Loo don, and doubtless will not ouly be very valuable, but rare, there being, on my leaving London sixteen months ago, few (if any) of these interesting animals there." 