TOWN TALK. . By a telegram, received this morning, we learn that the excitement in the gallery of the House and approaches thereto, was most intense last evening. Particulars will be found in another column. ' The Argus dwelt very much on the fact that the Ministerial meeting held at Cran bournc was chiefly attended by fanners, and alluded to the difficulty experienced in get ting members of that class to attend. On Monday evening, as will be seen by a report on our fourth page, a meeting of farmers was held at the Little Bivor. • It was presided over by the President of the Shire, one of the principal speakers was a coun cillor, and it was unanimously resolved that the Opposition are acting in the best' interests of the country, and should, be' warmly supported. Too mucli importance cannot be attached to such a meeting, it doubtless will be the precursor of many others of a similar character. ' The stewards of the Bacing Club again met yesterday, and received such a list of entries for the weight for age races that there is now little doubt the meeting will be tlio best that has ever been held 'under; the auspices of the club, and, should the weather prove at all propitious, there will in all pro bability be a larger assemblage of the gay world than ever before seen on our pretty little course. This the more especially as His Excellency the Governor will pay his first visit to Geelong since his return to the colony. For the Maiden Plate sixteen, in cluding many known flyers, horses have been entered, as compared with eleven last year, Mr James Wilson, of St. Albans, Laving greatly contributed to making tbo list as attractive as possible. We are glad to see this gentleman according such sup port to the club, and trust the 4th of February will witness a turn in his luck, which most certainly has been very bad lately. It ivill also afford pleasure to sporting men when they observe that Melbourne is not to be the only representa tive of the'Byron Lodge stable, Mr Tait having entered his well-known colt Con naught for the maiden event. For the Stewards' Purse a ronud dozen have inti mated their intention of starting; for the Connewarre Stakes a similar number have been nominated, and eight have entered for the Selling Stakes. These, with the well filled handicap races, make up a splendid bill of fare, and some rare sport may confidently belooked forward to. With respect to the scratching of Haricot, we dearn . that a year's careful attention to this speedy animal, and an excellent pros pect of winning for his popular owners the Geelong Gold Cup, was in one brief minute thrown away by the-carelcss act of an ill tempered boy. It appears that something happening with Haricot's bit, the lad in charge of him was unable to get it out of the animal's mouth as quickly as he desired. Haricot became fidgetty, and thereupon a blow on the head was administered, which caused* him to rear and fall backwards, breaking the tip of his tail-bone and other wise injuring himself. Mr Chirnside would rather have lost £500 than such a contretemps should have happened, as Haricot was never more fit, and he felt confident of winning a trophy which he told Mr Tait he would win before he had done; and it was with his Melbourne Cup winner he expected to be able to carry out his promise. A general meeting of the licensed victual lers of Geelong was held yesterday afternoon at the' Prince of Wales Hotel, to make ar rangements for holding the annual picnic at j Portsca.' There were present—Messrs J. Miller, President of the local branch of the Association (in the chair), Pitzpatrick, Cole man, Lockwood, Dunbar, Hurring; and | Messrs G. Duncan, A. Crow, and J. T. Thompson from Ballarat. Mr Duncan stated that he had attended the meeting in Mel bourne, and agreed to invite tho Ballarat publicans to join in the annual picnic. At a meeting of publicans held in Ballarat it was decided to send delegates to Geelong, in order that arrangements might be made to participate in the picnic at Portsca in three weeks time. Last year they had only eight days at their disposal to make the necessary arrangements, and yet they made the picnic at Sorrento a wonderful success. It was for the meeting to decide upon making the preparations requi.ed for organising a branch picnic from the Geelong and Ballarat districts. On the motion of Mr Pitzpatrick, seconded by Mr Thomas Lockwood, it was agreed to co-operate with the Ballarat pub licans in arranging to meet the Melbourne publicans at the picnic at Portsea. Mr Duncan stated that the proprietors of the steamer Williams had offered to take £70 for the excursion, the steamer not to carry more than 699 passengers, or to charge 5s per head for adults, two children under 12 years of age to go as one adult, provided that 200 passengers were guaranteed, the steamer to leave at 9.30 a.m., and return to Geelong about 7 p.m. The chairman said he had re ceived a telegram from the proprietors of the steamer Despatch, who would hire their vessel for £60. Messrs Duncan, Thompson, and Pitzpatrick were of opinion that there was more accommodation on board of the Williams than on the Despatch. The meet ing decided—on the motion of Mr Lockwood, seconded by Mr Coleman—to guarantee £25 towards the expenses of paying for the steamer. This was carried against tho express wish of the Ballarat delegates, who iutimatcd that the Ballarat publicans were willing to guarantee £40, but objected to have to pay more, as they had to pay their railway expenses as well. Messrs Duncan and Miller were instructed to endeavor to arrange with the proprietors of the AVilliams for a reduction in tho charges. This termi nated the business of the meeting. Quite a sensation was caused in Messrs Bayldon and Graham's yard, yesterday, by some decisive measures taken by Messrs Guthrie and Co., to obtain possession of some tallow, over which they considered they had a lien, which Mr Bayldon denies. At one time it appeared as though their men and Messrs Bayldon and Co.'s employes would come to blow's, but, two sergeants and three policemen being quickly in attend ance, better counsels prevailed. We have received two accounts of the affair, but as we understand it is Mr Bayldon's intention to proceed against Messrs Guthrie and Co., to recover £5,000 damages, it will he quite time enough for the public to learn particu lars when the case is tried. As we do not wish to prejudice the case, we must decline publishing private business transactions. A little excitement was occasioned, the |A other day at the gravel pits excavated by the railway navvies on the Belmont flat. There is an extensive deposit of gravel, consisting of waterworn quartz and coarse sand, at the place mentioned. A few feet below the surface one of the navvies, whose curiosity was aroused by the appearance of the gravel, took a handful and washed it, the result being the discovery of a small piece of quartz with about half a pennyweight of gold ad hering to it. This find was soon noised abroad, and many of the men have intimated their intention of washing more of the gravel in search of the precious metal. In the Chilwell State School, No. 50, one of the teachers, yesterday, having to call the attention of an insolent and unruly boy, named Beales, to his lesson, the boy in ques tion, who has frequently threatened his teacher when remonstrated with about his conduct, brandished a slate about the teacher's head and threatened to strike him in the mouth. For this tho boy received two or three cuts ■with a cane over the shoulder. By-aiul-bye the boy bolted out of the school, and returned in a short time with his mother, a woman of most masculine appearance, wlio_ rushed into tho school in the midst of the afternoon lesson, and in the choicest Billingsgate, in mad pugilistic style, made an onslaught on the teacher, striking him several blows, and threatened to annihilate him. The same morning she had sent an impudent message to one of the other teachers, daring her to chastise or in any way correct her children. The teacher intends taking the,matter1 into the Police Court, and it is to bo hoped that in the interests of society an example will be made of this Chilwell Amazon. The news received from Melbourne yester day, to the effect that Mr Geo. Higinbotham should have thought fit to resign his seat in Parliament, was hailed with satisfaction by the friends of the wealthy classes, but with regret by the great mass of the people. His reasons for this sudden resolve were very closely scanned, and surprise was expressed that he should not have persisted in the fight to turn out a Ministry towards which his feeling "is- one of distrust so deep and con finned that he cannot permit himself, as a re presentative, to follow its guidance for even the shortest time." No member has spoken out more strongly against their unconstitu tional proceedings than he has, and yet he declines to use the constitutional means pro vided to rendor them powerless. In his address to the electors of East Bourke Boroughs he says, "I concur with the Op position in its desire that there should be an immediate dissolution of Parliament and an appeal to the people, but I am unable to approve of the course which it intends to pursue for .the purpose of attaining that ob ject," and ho concludes as follows " I am therefore unable to co-operate with the Op- j position. I have now as little' diificultyjin' letermming on the other hand, that I ought lot to join ""the side of the Government in this Quarrel. The explanations which the Administration at present in power lias given, and the far more necessary explana tions respecting its own origin, its party en gagements, and its legislative policy, which it has persistently withheld from the pnhlie re presentatives, have convinced.me that a Go vernment so constituted and so supported is wholly undeserving of the confidence of Par liament. My own feeling towards it is one of distrust so deep and confirmed that I can not permit myself, as a representative,' to follow its guidance for even the shortest time, or in order to effect the most legiti mate purpose." Wc may probably refer to this matter again, but in the meantime may congratulate the Liberals on the fact that East Bonrke Boroughs will surely return a Protectionist, and doubtless one who, al though not so talented as Mr Higinbotham, will fight their battle in no half-hearted, manner. It appears that, after all, the Wyudham Racing Club Committee have decided to follow the example set by the V.K.C. and have distanced Defiance, the winner of the Maiden Plate, run for on the ISth ult. As a rule, it is the duty of any clnb running under the V.Il. 0. rules to follow suit to that clnb, bat Irom what we have heard, a mis take wonld, in this instance, appeal' to' have been made. It has been hinted that some of the bookmakers who stood to lose on the race had a boy ready to hand Cracknel], the jockey of Defiance, the cap which he put on, and for dcing which he was disqualified. Whether this can be proved or not we cannot state, but trnst the Wyndham Ciub, before distancing the horse, fully investigated the I case. The result of .their decision is that the owner of Defiance, MrK. Dawbin, not only I loses the stakes, but also all bets he may have made. Thus an innocent man is made to suffer, and if what we havo heard be true, the conspirators will reap a rich harvest by their villany. The speculative spirit of the Ballarat people pervades them wherever they go. A | long discussion took place at the meeting of the licensed victuallers, held in Geelong yes terday, with respect to the amount to be guaranteed to pay expeuses. Mr Thompson, from Ballarat, stated that a great deal of 1 fuss was made about a few pounds, and that the matter would be better mauaged if floated on the " Corner" at Ballarat. This I assertion caused some amusement, and Mr Thompson persisted in stating that rather I than see the picnic to Portsea fall tlirougli on account of the Geelong publicans not paying their share, he would ask Mr Tlrar ling, of Ballarat, to float a company to morrow. The youtlis of Ashby have been gaining an j unenviable notoriety lately amongst the resi dents in that part of the town. For some time past certain householders have received unwelcome donations in and on to their houses, the contributions usually taking the form of corporation three inch road metal, j which are truly delivered by the unerring aim of the larrikins, on the tiles or through the windows as they'think lit. But'this is not all. On Monday a flock of geese were discovered with their entrails hanging out the harmless youths being evidently in search of knowledge, had been making themselves practically acquainted with the anatomy of the. unfortunate feathered tribe. As might be expected the residents are clamouring loudly for police protection, a constable being quite a novelty when in the neighbor hood. Many of the publicans in Geelong are afraid that the firemen's picnic, which occurs about the time of that to be held by the licensed victualler^ will interfere with the latter. A suggestion was made at the meet ing of publicans held yesterday to get the firemen to amalgamate with the Geelong and Ballarat publicans in their picnic to Portsea, the argument being that the expense to both parties would be lessened, and the firemen couhl ba%-e a separate gathering at Portsea, although travelling tliero by the same boat It is not unlikely that tlie suggestion will be . convoyed to the firemen in an official way in a few days. " Have you seen the ghost ?" This is the all-absorbing question at present amongst the inhabitants of Chilwell, many of whom aver that ata certain tune during the evenings a spectre can he seen gliding along by a fence at the intersection of Latrobe Terrace and Sharpe-street. On Saturday night one " brave" individual, armed with a gun, visited the neighborhood, and as on the tip toe of expectation ho waited for the ghost, lie says it did appear; ho fired at it, and was positive lie had struck the spectre, hat on going to the spot where he expected to find it, it had vanished. When twitted on his non-success, his stereotyped reply is, Well, there was ' something' white there !" Another inducement is to be held out to visitors to attend our race meeting. On the evenings of the 4th and 5th February, the Australian Bloudin, whose marvellous per formances on the tight rope have so asto nished the people of Ballarat, is to give two entertainments in the Artillery Reserve. A special meeting of the Artillciy Cricket Club was held in the orderly-room last even ing, when the following gentlemen were elected as office-bearers for the season, viz: President, Lieut. Francis; vice-presidents Captain Price and Captain Hague; treasurer, bergeaut Hackett; secretary, Bugler Gal braith. It was unanimously decided to chal lenge the Garrison Club to play a match on Saturday week in Melbourne, when some good p ay may be expected between our " gallant defenders." Messrs W. p. Ducker and Co submitted to auction, at their rooms, yesterday, "Rose J' ' nice little property situated at Queenscliffe, the property of Mrs A. S. Robertson. There was a moderate attend ance at the rooms, but the property'was withdrawn at £1650, the auctioneers offering to let it go at an advance of another £100? 11ns figure included the furniture, which is of the best description. The "Factory Girl" was repeated by the Melbourne Dramatic Company at the Me chanics' Institute >st evening, and,-as on the previous occasion, it met with universal approval from the audience. The amusing parts in the drama evoked roars of laughter whilst the other portions taught a useful les son; m fact, factory life ju England was vivuUy portrayed. It was announced that Aurora Floyd" would be placed on the boards this evening. 0" reference-to our advertising columns it Til-,, Se.Cn 10 members of the Geelong Artillery intend holding their next monthly rifle match for money prizes voted by the Coips, ou Saturday next, the 29th instant. Dntnes will be received up to S o'clock on «ie previous evening. Mre Narracott, the matron, at the Indus trial School, requests, through our columns,' to acknowledge the receipt of the following I donations'o? fruit for the use of the children under her charge: Mr Coleman, one basket; Mrs H. Fink, ono bag ; and Mr Hall, Swan ston street, two cases. Wo trust the good example set-vyill bo numerously imitated. A copy of the University Bill, our Mel bounie letter, and letters to the Editor wiU.be.found on our fourth page. • *' The amount received on the Government I lines of radway for the week endin* 20th'in fiTVoT-/10'557 183 2d' as 00ITOl with ±10,409 Ids received during the correspond ing week of last year. The total amount to pate for this year is £569,683 16s'3d, as com pared with £533,203 Ss 9d received during I the corresponding period of 1S75. 1 The Hon. A. Mackay, Mr Crews, M.P and Mr Templeton, P.M., have been a,? pointed as a Board to enquire into the death Th^19 ,•?;! Lewis* at the Kew Asylum. The constitution of the Board will give gene. ral satisfaction. With the Hon. A. Mackay, as chairman, there is every reason to believe the enquiry -will be a most searching one that gentleman having in Parliament ex pressed himself so strongly about the matter. It is to be regretted, however, the duty of the triumvirate will not extend to an enquiry into the whole system of management of the Institution in question. A correspondent writesEarly in the spring of the year a row of English elms was planted along the Western Beach, the cost of which to the ratepayers is said to have been about 15s each, tree-cages included ; these, however, were made sadly too small to prevent either boys or animals from doing damage, and during the past fortnight about fifteen of the young trees (which promised well) have been bitten off and apparently de stroyed by stray cows, a number of which, together with goats and horses, have been at large on the beach in question. Ts there not a paid officer whose duty it is to prevent animals being at large; if not, wliy waste the public money in tree planting ? The following with reference to a gentle man well-known in Geelong, Mr G. G. Boss, is from Tuesday's Age :—" The Lodge Com bermere, E.C., held its annual meeting for the election of office-bearers at the Masonic Hall, Lonsdale- street, last night, when Bro. George Gordon Boss "was installed as Wor shipful Master; P.M., Henry W. Lang , lands ; S. W.rBro. J. Braim; J. W., Bro. P. J. Jackman; S.D., Bro. J. Kilgore j J.D., Bro. P. 'Dale ; I.G.', Bro. J. Tuck well; secretary, Bro. E. jB. Force; trea surer, Bro. B. Ballautyne; tyler, Bro. A. J. Clarke; organist,, Bro". J. Peake; M.C., Bro. F. , Huston ; stewards, Jiro. M. Madden, Bro. Morrison. The cere-' mony of installation was conducted by P. M. Lowry, and was numerously attended by. members of the lodge and visiting' brethren from sister lodges. A banquet was held in--the large hall, at which the newly installed master took occasion to make some telling remarks -upon the loose system pre vailing in the passing and raising of members, and intimated his intention of adopting a strict rule dnring his term of office, pre ferring one well instructed and efficient Mason to fifty of the loose and careless, a rule which, if followed up with vigor, will add much to the efficiency of the lodge." Blondinism (says the Star) is either con tagious or the spirit of imitation and emula tion must be very strong in our local youth. For the last few days there has scarcely been a back yard "or garden in the quieter portions of tho city and town in which some sort of tight-rope was not improvised. Upon clothes lines, fragments of old mining ropes, and any . other material that could be utilised for the purpose, little urchins might be seen balancing themselves as be3t they could, and trying to learn the "Blondin" art. But it was left for a lad on the White Flat to cap the climax of this amateur business. He ap- - pearedontlie Grant street bridge on Mon day mprning, and proceeded in the' most approved manner to disrobe himself, and, having done so, he mounted the handrail of , the bridge and commenced to walk along it. As a balance-polo ho carried a piece of bat ton with a brick lashed at each end. ^Hegot across safely, and, as the bridge is 90 feet long, and the depth to the planked bottom of the creek is some 25 feet, it was not had for a beginning. The Chinese New Year will commence to day, and the Star remarks, is somewhat - unique in its character, even when taken into consideration with the " verypecooliar" calendar of the Celestials. That a people which has been worshipping a great prophet for the last two centuries and a half, and can trace its traditions back into the remotest past, should meet on Wednesday morning to welcome tho year 1, is strange in the eyes of Europeans; yet, such is the ease, and it occurs in this wiseAll Chinese dates have reference solely to the reign of the Emperor, and of some years which are incomplete by their being only twelve months in them no account is taken. Alternately each half de cade has two and three snch years, and it so happens that two Octobers not having oc curred in the calendar last year it was the second year of the present epoch, whilst its successor will be the first; because entitled to the full complement of thirteen months. 