THE SHORE SEARCHER. • We "were lately told an amusing story about a Fort-Wiifiam man who lived some fifty years ago, and was,in his day, a great shore-searcher after storms, incited thereto, not exactly in the interest of science, but by more mundane' and prosaic considera tions. Summer and winter, all the. year round, he searched the shores (Bhtdh e g'iarraidh ran cladaichan, was the phrase) of Achintore and Orumarbin after every gale of wind, wandering ghost-like in the grey-dawn by the margin of the sea,. and diligently picking up every conceivable article "of Jlotsam and jetsam that came in his way. A Drumarbin man who had lost some oars in a storm, and suspected that the Fort-William shore-searcher had found and kept them, determined on reprisal, and in hope of curing him of such shabby speculations, to give him a good fright, which could be done the more easily as the shore-searcher was a nervous, timid crea ture, brimful of belief in apparitions, ghosts, and ghost stories of the wildest and most improbable character. Getting up one morning after a storm, the Drumarbin man put on -a pair of new shoes, and slipping to the shore unobserved by the wrecker, whom he could see .wandering along the beach, as was his custom in the grey day-break, he lay down at length on the shingle, and covered his head and body down to his' ankles with the drift-ware that had been cast up by the storm. All he left exposed was his feet, on which we have said there was a pair of good,1 substantial new shoes. Meanwhile the "wrecker" was advancing along the beach, carefully searching about, and stopping from time to time, oyster catcher or curlew-wise, in order to pick up such waifs and strays as he fancied worth J the while.. At last he reached the recum bent and seaware covered Drumarbin man. The shoes at once caught his eye, and as he gazed wistfully on what he considered the most fortunate and valuable jetsam that had fallen to his luck for a long time, he was heard to soliloquise. " A drowned man! Poor fellow; but he has good shoes on, and as he can have no more use for them, I may as well take them now as anybody else latter in the day." No sooner said then1 done. Throwing down his bundle of gather ings,: he pulled the shoes evenly and steadily off;; the. . supposed " body's" feet, and was moving away with them, when a smothered sepulchral voice from under the sea-ware struck his ear—an. ear; painfully acute under the circumstances. " Gabb mo chomhairl' 's fag na brogan sin!" —Take my advice and leave these shoes, alone! At the same time he saw the mass of driftweed heaving and moving. Drop ping the shoes as if they had suddenly be come each 4 jnasa^pf red-rhot ir.on in iis hand, he started off with a yell ""that: lie sea-birds all the w^y—to1 Semgs-worfi'afe, and i$R &&moie; race with- j out once haSttngor looking over his, shoulder till, penitent and breathless, lie reached his own fireside. He was com pletely cured of shore-wandering, for, as our • informant told us, he soon after sickened and took to his bed, from which he never rose j (again.— -Nether Lochabei• Correspondent of . Inverness Courier. 