U. !»-» H If- H'i !jM Mt r iMAMlhf )tj -r-t \- jrwod !)«:i >.t -/-tul ii-t':-- 'i 7HEPEERVBIHSLE !_u ' ,'''' ? Who would be an aldermaii or acouncillor who heeds his reputation for sanity ? < For we must be charitable, and rather set the vulgar vagaries ®f these precious gabblers to the ac count of lunacy than ail inherent indifference to decency and sense. Have you ever listened to them when gathered together in their chatter ing chamber ? If you have you will agree with me that, somehow, we have managed to pick out about as rough and discourteous a set of gabblers to represent our civic interests as could well be got together. They growl and make faces at each other. ' There are seme who remind me of spiteft|l tom-cats spitting and scratch ing at each 'other Una house-top. There are others who suggest to me the idea of stoats or woazels — so sleepy and stupid do they look. Others again have all the impertinencwof the terrier breed— barking and snapping from iSe com - mencementefthe entertainment to its conclusion- A pest on 'em ; they are intolerable vulgarians ; and the existence here and there of a decent member of the body only sets off the coarse oaddishness of the others in stronger light. 1 If we look fairly at such matters, however,1 we1 shall come to think that these people are slightly, 4 off their chump." The man who persists in playing the clown before bis fellows, and is indif ferent to their scorn and contempt, is surely' not Id his right mind. Very well, messieurs the aldermen and councillors, how . must you fare, who so constantly play . .the fool „? . Go to, ( .my friends ; you should be housed atYarra Bend, and play at oratory with1 the moon for ah audience. . ' V . 1 want to let the world know that I, and I alone, have got the real Arthifr Qrton. He doesn't know it, but lives oh in blissful ignorance of my luck. He hath a black eye— two black eyeg —and a sinister nose. He drinketh and sweareth. He is a scoundreL All the same, ' Sir. Tkave Aim I 1 am prepared to place my hand on him at a moment's notice. But I am like Mr. Sage — I want one hundred pounds ! Ah ! that one hundred pounds — what a prosaic element it is in this vulgar romance. Give me one hundred pounds, and I'll give yon Arthur Ortoh. Of oourse, I shall only pay him twenty pounds, but i then he shall have a trip to England, and be the gossip for a twelvemonth, or, at any rate, Until another Orton turns up. Pah ! what a coarse and greasy matter this Tichbome affair is. Who believes in Mr. Onslow's fat friend, except the bond-holders ? The cheekiest rascal, Sir, under the sun. " What- is the meaning of L. S. D." (over the coping at Stoney hurst) he was. asked. " Pounds, shillings, and pence," , gravely answered the fat W. " The rifles is cavalry," he went on. God bless my soul — one cannot but admire this Wapping butcher, who, in con sciousness of his ignorance, had the pluck to beard the bench and bar of England. They should subject him to Some debilitating medicine bring him to the fancy of death, and so get his confession. Believe me, it would be more tragical, that confession, than you may imagine. It is a rum way to promote native industry to fine a licensed wine-seller for selling a bottle of colonial wine, because it was not drunk on the premises. How do they run up these Acts ? Do they give them to some sucking lawyer's clerk to draft and prepare ? I think so ; and that he must be the weakest imbecile that ever fobbed eix-and-eightpnee. For sure we find the intel lectual Chinese laugh our laws to acorn ; and Monsieur -Gascard has to shell -out a fiver for doing that for which he pays the law a fee to do. This is a prhper 'anomaly, and a credit, to the intelligent ,cOTposer. The St. Petersburg Gob says that "England's idea of achieving victory without powder and shot is ridicnlons.":Ha ! good Buss, but there is powder and shot and powder and shot. You, for instance, when you fall short of roubles, whither go yhu fof 'ppwder and shot Is it not ' to the Englad yctu abiise 2 , "Where would you be but for .ler granti arsenal—the Hank of England? t > Wby,ryou. humbug, know you not that you fight yoizr battles with English powder : and shot ; that your war-shipsare built by Englishmen," knd; 'pliiefly in England ; that your rifles " are ; 'made., in, . .England ?. your munitions of war . manufactured thete ? I often hug to myself the idea.' of; England's demolition, "and ' the aspect of her conquerors'. " Tis all very well," I fancy they exclaim.; "but now yre have . eaten the goose, who the deuce is to lay the golden eggs ?" There is the answer to Buss and Teutom England's powder and shot is her banking credit. ; One may hate his banker, you know ; -but one does nottbrottle him unless well-assured of another as good. . We all remember what a howl of virtuous in? aignation there was tome time back when it was . v®yad that a drain had been cut in a garden I . inSWd to allow the nightsoil to run' and t ai?a" bat was a good healthy howl, ana a stopper, put to'the filthy practice, and' e y Yarra was allowed to flow on puVe ' auaundefiled,asfaras xrightsoil is concerned, out it appears a nuisance ten times more hor- I rible|than this exists, and ten times more dim-" 1 igeroqs. hau life, .e; ; jtof the Melboiirne Cemetery and the toh- , timoghthe channels of the city, polluting the Eolation ihto ! marid a household. — Np_ffiargfil__that ..men, Sr Bicken die io a few i wonder; a Jhuge 1 Ai thOrtriistees Of thh'cemeteryi the present death-roll— God' \- ptot twelve bet to" j .add a plague to the manyfearful visitations wer bYtelybeensubjectedto? to m. r Anian frqm Jji has taken a hoube next to mine, j Hehas been demoralised - He has a notibn that human nature has privileges, and he toi?s up to the idea. His wife— who is bald by the process of eping— informs me that before be wtot,; to 44 the islands" . he was as mild as sukinjg .dove. , -But the noble savage awakened up thej old - Adam in him. He began t6 assert his rigjite as the male development. He used British gin abroad, and consequently ill-used big . own gin at. home. . And now he has come to Mel- bourn With the impression that his peculiar talents wiH meet "with 'their reward hereaway. So they wnU. He devoured the last love-lock of bia' wife's hair yesterday. Whe shall say what bfe the consequence of his eccentricities to morrow? . : -b . ei|e 18 a cadaverous chap out our way who goes id lor spiritism — the ghost business, you know, j the celestial beating of tom-toms and knocking about of furniture. Well, he is "ex ercised; about these Davenport chaps, and when fie read the account of their private show the other evening at Hoekins rooms, nothing could lold him. And I must say ' that his re marks ipbh the subject were pertinent enough. " You | observe, Mr. Peerybingle," said he, catching hold of my. coat, "yeu observe that these spirit hands acted quite consistently. One . shied tambourine at Dr. Heild's head. That jsm, belonged to some, poor- devil of a musician whom the doctor cut up in life — notana- tpmicatly, you understand, but critically. Agaiin you majy remark that a lot of spirits fell upbn Mr. DaVid Blair, and tickled that-sturdy sceptic nnti .nf mia inflilolifw in anin't rni — ,»u ppmt uiuueuueis, xne usic discoursed' by- mystic bands, upon this great occasion, was evidently in lively. satire of the critical pretensions of the audience, which was Composed of literary men, reporters (another article, I assure ypu), philosophers, and lovely women.f' 4<But," said I, " you don't go so far, Mr, Ghalkey, as to tell me that spirits are up to a |ark ; that they enjoy a comical situa tion j tiat they appreciate a joke ?" Don't I, " says he, "there isn't a' jollier set in creation." "Then look here," said I, 44 you'd better make for some other development ; for you would put a dimper on. the brightest spirits /that .ever trod on| the .corns of unbelief." < He turned .away with a sad smile, remarking, 44 You're wrong, Mr. P. 'All is joy . among the spirits ; here it's the baker, or the butcher, or the rate .collector, or the wife, of one's, bosom that knocks the fun ou,t , of a man. But just you go and see these yojung mediums, and if they don't twist your dispelief out of you, why I'll give in that the whole" matter is i popular deliision. " And I mean to go, if only for the purpose Of seeing grave rand learned philosophers knocked into puzzledqm by the phenomena of the mystic cabinet. ( But as for spirits, you see, that's another 'matter, and I'll back Dr. Sylvester to furbish up a dozen out of the resources of his property room. 'Tis bunkum, Sir ; at any rate to a healthy liver and unclouded mind. I'll bet that there is one man connected with 4-lvn AfTilnnmiim wtIIA 10 J3 UU.W axvumuuulu nuu to W tug lJUUUay freedom Caper, not only upon principle, but still more forjinterest. For I reekon that such a 44 reformj" woidd materially interfere with his Sunday t home, and as a domestic man, given to the reisQnable enjbyments of the home- circle, it wonldi't suit his bbok at all to. attend at his postindtad of np6H his dinner. Now, I shouldn't pare jtp.toa out. witH my «jart, on Sunday and this:is juBtvriig.t, these chaps who are rampant for Ta fi"4e-and-easy Sabbath seem to forget. Their Sunday liberty 'wduld' involve somebody's Sunday slavery. If theto .people had their way, and could turn into the .Athensaum for a qniet read, the secretary of the institution or the librarian jwould have to attend as an official and as a matter of duty. That is the way /look at it ; and, hs Dot wisely remarks upon very many occasions! when she rewards my slight inflis- ;cretions by, a mild imitation, 44 What is sauce for' the gander is 'saueb for the goose," a truth there is ; no gainsaying. As for the religious aspect of 1 the question, I, don't think there is much , in it, but, as a matter of social expediency, I don't think it wpuld be wise or just to inter fere with the present run of things.1 ! liet well alone while you can, / toy. ; f JOHN PEEBYBING LH / 