ROMAN CATHOLIC GUILD HALL. YESTERDAY evening, the new hall of the Australian Holy Catholic Guild was formally opened by Archbishop Vaughan. There was a very numerous audience, the capacious hall, as well as its platform and irallcry, being densely crowded. There were probably about fifteen hundred persons present. Many who we eunablo to obtain Betts stood m tho centre aisle throughout tho evening. The Rev. P. J. Mahony, chaulain, prended, and amone; tho gontlemeu who surioundcd han on the platform were Sir John O'Shauassy, Mr W. Dum au (Collector of Customs), Monseigneur Ljnch, tho Rov. Dean Sheridan, Archdeacon Rigney. Mr. H. t'avlor. M.LA., Mr. W. Neill, Mr. J. Mullins, J.P., Mv."P. Mahon, J.P. Mr. J. Carran, .T.P., Mr. J Garvan, Mr. J. ,T. Moore. Mr. A. . Mooro, Rev. Do in M'Cai thy. Rov. Mr Carroll, Rev. Mr. Lemanr, Rev. Mr. Binsfipld,Mr. E. Ellis Mr A living, Mr. W. C. Cuni«, Prl>r Dwyer, Rov Mr. Slattery, Dr. Day, Dr. Carroll, Dr. Gilhoolcv, Dr. M'Doneugh, Mr. E. Hollingdnln ; Rov. Mr. Potor, Dr. Ma mioy : Mr. J. Brady, Mr. F Gannon, Mr. Rolvit«, R«v Mr. Leonard, Mr J. ' .». O'Connor. Mr. J. DPIIO (Warden of tho Parrnmnttn Binnch', Mr. J. Maloney (Waidou of tho Windsor Bianch). At 80 Clock Arohblsbop Vaughan entered ths hail, and vos received with enthusiastic cheers, the In piminl Band undertho leadership of Mr. C. Vincent stationed near tho iront of the platform, playing tho National Anthem. The CHAIRMAN- said that, on behalf of the Guild, it was his privilege ron'fe tho Archbishop fonmlly to d'cl ne tho hall open. His Grace RS well as the. ladies' and ironelemen , present nins' seo that this hall was an honour to the Guiltl as well as an ornament to the cit.v. His GRACE (hating formally declared the hall to ho opened) said that bo appeared bpforo thi largo audience which now met his oye, at the icquest of tho "Warden and Coun ii of the líolv Catholic Guild, who îlod dine him the honour of renuo-ting him to open tho , spacious Hall (of which ho lind laid tho found ition-st^no | .orno twelve month« ago), by pivmir a leo'uro on nuv subject which ho thought fit'tomlect. Hu no opted tho offer in the spirit in which it bad loen made, and file pleasure in id ratifying h'mself with those, solid and Cafholio principles on which ho be.icvpd the Guild wau founded. Beside«, ho deemed it a dutv, when a fair opportur-Dv was nffordrrt bim of telling wholesome tiuths and of piving sound advice 11 people in whom ho fo\' au interest, cot to lot that fair opportunity slip by. either through -.Hb. on bis part, or from fear of th . ciiiirisui of opponents. Indeed. him«olf he did not caro to hold prin- ciples which would rot ftand tho r,u<;h usages of tho openost wirfa e, or whit h would co'lap o and full to pices when they tveic most ipquir'dta s^md their ur und"; arid as for sloth, whi di in thi« climat! hal ninny votaries, ho liop'd so lmi!» as ho lind health of bodv and Vu am, to krop that enemy at la*. and to «pond himself nnd to ba fcpent in the servico of Christianity nnd ia tho interests of thu people. Such bring th^ casp, tho noxt question was, "Whit is the lectuie to be aboutr" Hohid already confided to them this much, that it uns conccn ed wirb '. Hidden Spring«;" \- though, at the Kitne time, ho candidly cenffBsert that thoso two inyst>"iou« MOHIH conteyid ecant infoimition to tho mind. B'it for th.'t v ry ¡rason he iniiM' d thai they illus- trated all the bett'r rl'O "-tibfcet u^OT which be ti as about to Rpeak. The lariro ns-emblv which ho paw 1 o'ore bim wa« most assuredly eli aivu tigotbor by someone ntt>a. ti«n o ra- món to them n'l. Each man and woman pie«cnt had been noted on by some force or influence or BidcVn Spring.secret from the cyo, i.nd bey. nd tho ¡each of IÎIP hand ; guidod by its intiucnoe they íeft their homes, conieiged upon tha' building, entered that hall, and were now prepared to liston to a discourse regnidine thn sub)"ct-matter of which they posse:>sed but the vaguest inloimatiou. Now. tho wh'do univeiee, said the ep-nker, is moved by Hidden Springs or unseen influences. From tho slcopless universal operation of gravitation to that movement in the heliotrope which turns it to the sun : from the myste- rious laws which regulate the milky way to those which govern the fern-fronds, ice-stars, and saline crystals of our planet; from tho highest star on the forehead of night to tho lowest gem in the bosom of ocean—everything is hidden from us, except ou'wa d npeintion« nnd seu'iblo phenomena. Du Bois Raymond, who atidho scanned tho whole heavens with a telescope and found no God ; and Lawrence, who remarked that on opening the brain with a scalpel he found no soul—simply declare in their own language a fact, patent to any thinking man, namely. that ' the world of matter and the' world of spirit have more in them than the lense or the knife can discover : and that science, when the microscope, the telescope, and the test tube have done their utmost, has, after all their scrutiny, to declare that were they to probe " Deeper than did ever plummet sound," they would be as far from the initial force, the Hidden Springs of the Universe as they were when they began. And as that which builds and weaves and quickens all matter is invisible, impalpable . no it is with the master forces which sway that great world of man which makes up,the human family. The actions of mankind, from that day on which a solitary pair trod the green slopes of Eden to the present day, with its countless nationalities and many-sided civilisations, are catalogued and compared in .what are_ called the annals of the world : but undemiath these actions, as the root is underneath the flower, as tho works are concealed within the clock, energise those hidden forces which are at once their origins and their explanations. Not that the complicated movements on tho world's wide stnge are always or ever set in motion by simple operations. The influences are generally manifold and divergent, thwarting and crossing each other, being jarred and dislocated by antagonistic impulses, which tnrn tho direct motion into curves, zigzags,~and diagonals,' creating such eccentric velocities as at times absolutely to defy the calculation of man. Still, there is generally to be found in every_ age some steady master-pressure urging in one direction, and that so powerfully that the vortices and eddies, the counter-streams and oioss-currents, nie carried along with it ; and in spite of opposition and confusion, and appearances to the contrary tor a time, it fixes the destiny of an era, and gives its digestion to generations of mankind. Such are those master-springs whieh, whilst they main- tain society in its present status, are not without their influence on the individual heart It was evident that such centres as these must be intimately bound up with moral and religious principle : for no other powers possess that permnnant force and that piercing charauer necesbaiy for moulding nationalities for eteating civilzatlons, and for developiiig or stunting tho spni uni elements . f mun. Whit he prop m d t.ie i 'o do thi- ovtnin.' wa* to uncover and display three great Hidden Springs of this desciipüon ; thefirrt, governing and dircciin? tbut old wotid wi ich 'B passed and gone ; tho second, wholly ditiercnt from the iii st in its poMtiun, its setting;, and its wotkmnmhip, which still maintains iii pie-inr igiu/ibnuin; and the thiid. which, though not yet po- resscd of it > full powcrof leveiage, and standing in 'ho background, threatens to come forwaid and lever&e; ihe piosrnt course« of the world. Of the past he would say but little : ior'^the past is guro: and wlie'e the tree tails th/io let it lie : but the now, said the speaker, the »otu ia in your hand; and is of eoormous inteie'ir, not eo much on a count of ita pi 03 ni atutudo, as because of its imp.eas on the futare, und the pa;- it of ne -essity is bjund to play in ti-'o mou dingi of the coming race. And each man and woman, and eaeh child it may bo -aid, however pojr or illiterate, however b.nmb"e or solitaiy, exerts a certain inf!u'n''0, good or e vii, on ti e future :: .weare all our brotheis' kcopeis: a/id f TCCI that imping« upon an uni oin gt-nT itiou. Hfmo, no life ii utteily useless or forlorn, no power ove' wholly thrown away. And as all thooe prosent had their part to ant, lligi or low, in the gre it drama of lifa, evei ending with a t a¿*dy ; as he knew as w41 as they know, that they cou d not fchirk the deep le ponBil'ihty even now at this moment wtighing on their shoulder* ; such being the caso, he thought i* .would be a useful and nn instruc ti^e thing to 1 iy baie tho Hidden Springs thai moy. d tho world, t > point out thoir nature, display their eifects, and indicnti the atti tud* thoso ?who love God"and what is best in man should assume in their regoid. Indeed, no thinker animated by a genuino love of his kind, no mun identify ¡nghimself with the peoplo amongst whom his lot is cast, and se k ng their highest happiue3B and 1 early to use such ability ne he had to servo them, accoiding to his ham» lo view, could have Bugge^t & a subject more piegnant with mo nentous intensts, raoru central to the heart, 01 ínme lil-oly 10 suggest guidance for the fuiuie-a futuie in which th ir deepest inteiest« might easily be jeopardis-d, in which much light, courage, and directiou might suddenly bo requited. He did not propose to treat the subject as a theologian, BO much OB a philosopher ; n<"t so tnuoh even a» a churchman, \- BB aciti/.en of nu mean city; as one possessed of an un- feigned affection for and interest in his fellow-colonists, especially those who found their horne« in that bright spot in which it was bis happiness to dwell; and those still more especially who were supporting him and surrounding him that night. Everyone there present could not be expected to agree with each detail of his arau'i'ènt : that was in- evitable ; but he entertained little d ubt that in the main in the general current of his disquisition, reading men, and especially thinking men,-men who meditated much though they talked little- would follow him with approval; and feel compelled, through the influence of facts and forces, to fall in,'though they might have wishod it Otherwise, with his general conclusions. I. Casting on one side,then, all Secondary and minor sources or springs of action, the three master forces of the past, the present, and the future can be summed up in three words — Paganism, Supernaturalism, and Materialism. Now these terms are as yet, so far as we are concerned, mere words, which may signify anything or nothing. Let us draw some definite meaning from them by the help of a common mea- sure : so that, thus, whilst we bring out their true signifi- cance, we may, at the same time, by throwing them into contrast, gain a firmer hold of their external shell, so as all the more searchingly to probe their hidden kernel. And, first, these three words are used to connote and call before the mind three great religious or moral positions in which vast masses of mankind are found, and that for so consi- derable a season as, for tho time, to be held as permanent. The origins or Hidden Springs of these three especial con- ditions of humanity are th n what we are in search of, and desire to analyze. We will probe beneath the surface, and expose the secret root; and point out the source of those movements which threaten the future, or which have already been acted out on the stage of life, before all eyes, and are recorded in the history of the world. Let us now take our common measure, and gauge these influences and contrast them. Religion. then, appears to be -made up mainly of three elements; first, the idea of God; secondly, the idea of man, and his relation to his God; this relation comprising ' a system teaching what to believe and what to do; that is dogma, including mysteries ; and ethics, or a scheme of morals : and thirdly, a form of worship, or a cultus. If by comparison we discover the relations in which Pagan- ism Supernaturalism and Materialism stand to these three elements which make up religion and morality we shall have a chance of getting at their centre cell or inmost core or Hidden Spring and through a threefold comparison of them by throwing: them is contrast or in harmony as the case may be, we shall gain some knowledge of their funda- mental differences, and appraise them at their intrinsic value It is evident that a society or nation will bo greatly moulded according to its practical idea of religion and morality, and will take its tone and temper from what it is taught to admire reverence, and adore as well from the view it entertains of its own imperfection and dependency As a man s God is so will mm be as ho knows huns If as ho really is so will he stand a chance of perfecting his nature, and fulfilling his destiny ns a nation adores, so \t ill it bo developed, and accordu g to its tiuthful vision of lti-olf, will it fall or rise in the scale of moral power If a people a god be like to Typhon, tho people will be gloomy ; if it resembles Moloch it will be cruel if tho Paphian Venus, the people will melt away into softness and effeminacy And if they do not understand their own deficiencies, their wound in natue, they tt ill assuredly, sooner or later, make shipwreck, and foundor with all s uls set or die of a disease whioh they were either too proud to acknowledge, or too gross winded to discovei. Let us rapidly throw our tape aer ss this Paganism, not so much ns an ob)ect of prcfent interest, but because we sh ill thus be tho better able to understand tho character and position of those other two hidden springs luth which ti o ara prmciprlh concerned First as to its divinities. "The gods of the Pagans,' says De Quincey, "were wicked natures but they were natures to be feared and to be propitiated, they were fierce, they were moody, and (as regards man who had no wings) they were powerful Once accredited as facts, the Pagan gods could not be regarded as other than terrific facts; and thus it was that in terror blind terror, as against power in the hands of divine wickedness, arose the ancient religions of Paganism Because tho gods were wicked, man was religious, heonuse Oljmpus ti se enid, p«rth trpinblid, because the dit ine beings were the m >«t lawless of Thui'S, the human being beean e tho most abject of sycophnn s ' Asain " The gods in some systems of reltgion hnve been such uni so IUOUB rous bv excess of tv ckedness as to insure, if annually one honr of peiîodical eclipse should bate left them at tho mercy of man, a general ru h from ih»ir own wor hipppis for ktrangling them as mad d igs Hj pocrisy, the einging of sycophants and the credulities of fear, un ted to crnreal this misithetsm, but wo maj bo sure that it was widely diffused through the sincerities of tho human heatt An mton'-o dostro foi 1 icking Jil) itor, or for hang, inghiii, if found convenient mu«t hi\o luiked ii tho honourable Roman heart, before the sincerity of human nature could have extorted from the Roman stage a public declaration, thnt their supremo gods woio capable of on nut 05 which n poor unpietendmg lumsn creature would havo disdained [\S o ks, vol \\. , p 231-''] Such «oro tho gods worshippel bt milli ns upon millions in the past; monsters of cruelty, brutality, vin dictiveness, lewd over-grown men, lol îsg on Olympus their wickedness intensifying as you ascend the mountain of debauchery; the twelve Paladins of the Pantheon being vile concrete demons—whose very smiles would make the stoutest hearts shrink and tho holdout spirit quail. Below man in intellectual gifts and spiritual endowments intoxi cated with tho quintessence of depravity, mortal subject to disease and decay, pain and annihilation they were more like tho hideous dreams of maniacs than deities worshipped by reasonable creatures in a living thinking world Thus were tho heavens of Paganism peopled such were the divinities such the gods of tho Greeks, who so intensely loved the beauttful, such the gods of tho Romans, who so reverenced that law and order which their gods trampled on with such unmitigated ruffianism Such being tho Pagan god, what was the Pagan man ? Man, in tho estimation of tho Pagan world, was, in many respects, looked on as a superior kind of animal, whose one object for living was to secure the intensest gratifications of body and brain at the least amount of cost or suffering to himself and in the fulfilment of this double lust, his final end was placed He had no sense of guilt or sin or repentance or supernatural love, just as some men have no ear for music, or no faculty for colour His instincts of heart, head and sense, were his rudder ; passion his sail. He lived through his span as merrily as he could he made the most of it and then lay down to die. He cultivated every instinct to the highest, that it might yield him the largest cup of pleasure ; and he drank off his draught of pain as an inevitable necessity, and held grief to be an arrow discharged into him through the vindictiveness of the gods. His mental eye did not know how to lift its lid above the horizon of the earth ; or if it did, no effort was made to pierce beyond Thus he lived, in some ways a splendid animal, in others a brute for his noblest impulses and most divine, received no stimulus or culture, and remained in embryo to the end In little else did he differ from the flower springing at his feet, or the bird shooting across his path —except in wickedness—for if truth has to be told his fierce and lawless passions, and his demon pride, were stimulated rather than assuaged by the kind of brutal ties he wor shipped for they debased and crushed his original noble- ness to an extent almost incredible The picture of human life painted by Paganism with its " Bursts of great heart, and slips in sensual mire" is simply appalling; and surpasses in the sense of horror it creates—on account of its reality—the worst circles opened out by Dante in his exhibition of hell. Below we see men, brutalised by every form of depravity—though here and there receiving a lacquer from intellectual culture—and above them, close over their heads, families of hideous gods, deeper died in vindictiveness than they, stronger in physical force, monsters, winged-animalisms, capable of manoeuvring around them in the air and worrying them, of striking them, and then wheeling out of reach of retalia- tion. Fully to realise these murderous natures which made up the Pagan Pantheon, you need but open Dollinger's " Gentile and Jew," or peruse the celebrated chapter on the subject by St. Paul. Now, in what relation did those men stand to the gods ? Was it a relation of love and reverence ? Just the reverse Their relation sprang from secret hatred and craven terror. The malignity of Jove is proverbial The sufferings of Prometheus were caused by his having befriended man : whilst Herodotus himself assures us of the secret detesta- tion which the nations through which he travelled ent r tainod for their divinities. Common prudence itself would recoil trom placing trust in the club of demons who dis- ported themselves in eternal outrage on Olympus; and uho-o spitefillness sealed up every avenue to confidence, aud whose ci ueltv excluded ¿very approach to love. Man hated the gods, because they were brutal and cruel ; he feared them because they were stronger and better equipped for committing outrage than himself. Suoh being the relations, what positive teaching is found amongst tho Pagans ? First, as to creed or a code of dogma : Paganism had absolutely no creed, no dogma ; it bad no sacred book; nothing resembling a Pentateuch or Gospal, or even a Koran. The gods had no moral relation whatsoever to man, who hated them and feared them. " They were," says a lively writer, " mere odioas facts, like scorpions or rattlesnakes, having no moral aspect whatever, public nuisances : bearing no relation to man lu- that of capricious tyrants." Had the Pagans then no code of ethics? None. Their mythologies and legendary tales amused the multitude but they had no moral or dogmatic bearing. The only code of ethics which the Pagans prac ticed was that which was distorted by brutal instincts, and corrupted by contamination with the gods. "Religion," says a high authority, ' in tho eye of a Pagan, had no more relation to morals than to shipbuilding or trigono- metry." There was just one thing the Pagans had, though they "lacked a code of action and a scheme of faith—they possessed a worship or cultus The gods, as they were stronger than men, and at the same time cruel and capricious, had to be propitiated. So they were soothed and softened by means of death and carnage. Banquets were offend them to mitigate their ferocity, and to assuage their demoniacal craving after blood. Let another voice tell what these gods gained by these Pagan sacrifices or dinner parties. What they gained says an able writer was this,-" the luxury of inhaling the groans, the fleeting breath, the palpitations, the agonies of the dying victim. This was the dark interest which tho wretches of Olympus had in human invitations to dinner ; and it is too certain upon comparing facts and dates, that, when left to their own choice, the gods had a preference for men as their victims. All things concur to show, that prtcisely as you ascend above civilization, which continually increased the limitations upon the gods of Olympus, pie cisely as you go back to that gloomy state in whioh their true propensities had power to reveal themselves, was man the genuine victim for them, and the dying anguish of man the best ' nidor ' that ascended from earthly banquets to their nostrils; their stern eyes smiled darkly upon.tho throbbings of tortured flesh, as in Moloch's ears dwelt like music the sound of infant's wailing." It requires a violent mental effort such as minds engrossed by active pursuits are scarcely capable of, to realise the con- dition of the Pagan world ; and to grasp tho whole bearing Without all hope of day." And it is difficult to conceive that these pictures are not made un of the skimmings of a disossod fanoy, or the fumes of a poisoned brain, difficult to take in the astounding fact that millions on millions of our fellow-creatures weie bim, lived -we cannot say " flourished"-and died, in the midst of this pandemonium, and weighed down with th's living nigbtmaio. Yet so it was; and that too for centuries, and in the fairest portion of God's creation, and in the midst of exercises of mind and imagination the most perfect of their kind. What now is the hidden spring of this vast corruption ? It consists in that centre of fierce lust in the animal man which, when the counter-checks are token off, gains mastery over the reason, stains the imagination, and corrupt« the heart. The very existence of -tho supremo Maker, the pura Creator, is ignored, and His idea ex winged f r< m the mind ; the whole supernatural kingdom melts into th n air ; beaven is shut out with a vault ef brass, and a hill «n eaith, peopled with animalisms, takes its place for men to worship. The human race becomes drugged, body and mind, with tho poison of hrutility, and. begins to assume a form and condition resembling chronio madness more than anything else. Man reverses the whole div ne order of facts wi h n him and without him, which is the same thing as up .etfrng the world into another chaos ; brute instinct tyrannise over iea-on ; the beast enslaves and rough- rides the man ; and the world bees mies simply a reeeptacle for beasts of prey. Had not man p oved this on a large scale when passion had its sway ovrT him ; were there not amongst us record« of to what abysses he is able to sink, how low the lamp of purity can 'flicker, and how dark the night cankspread,,we could not hato boloved it It seems man can not only fall into the abyss, but eau absolutolj feig thisdestmj " for aw fal truth it isth it man Forgot-, the heaven irom which he fell " So far for Paganism and that dink curtain thrown by Its Hidden Spnug noross the woild II Now it was the Supernatural that crushed that spring, and sweeping the hill clear of tbo unclean families of i gods, destn j ed tho wall of brass, opened out the heavens, and gat o a totally now direction to tho current of human life Taking the supernatural in its length and breadth, such as it has exbibittd itsolf at largo on tho broad bta¿e of tho world fjr well nigh two thousand Mar , and vioiting it inila mtegnty wo can compare it with tho Pagsmtm ns fruit can bo CJII pared with fruir Ho us d tho o\pre««fm tho ' supernatural, ' and not Christianity because the former tvoid po«Besscd a wider sigmhoance ihan tho latter, and includpd societies of men who though thoy reject the Christian stst mas unproven, still beliot ed in a supremo Being, tho Rulei and Roivarder of mankind. Whilst tue Paean s eye do s not raneo beyond tho natur ii world, and whilst his leaspn acknowledge« no forces which BTO nut identified with earth- tho Supernaturalist takes in a loftier range, a wider vision, detects in the movements an I seqnenco of otrnt«, in the hinten abotc him, aud in tho mirror of nis oonsciousn sa within him, tho evidences of a power whuh is nut i a ure but abote it, which is not one of nature's manifestations or phenomena, but which is the hidden spring of its manifold developments and multitudinous 1 fe The Supernatural at is contrastedwith the Pagan bv this radical ditleience, that, whilst the latter in reality start» trim his own baser self a« a entre, the former quit self, and pi icos the centre of the unite sa and the measurement of it« iourt.es and the man ns ru nuat of his own perfection, out of naturi., our of seit, and ihre it in the Supreme Governor ot all lhusit is, p s siblt tra it mau bears about with li masonsoof bimi hment, aud though moid happy tbau eter Paean was or could bo, still, fools as if theie were something wanting, «sif ho ture, after all away from his Fither's house -that very th night | reducing a sweet s dnoss, which ha« nothing nbjut it of the tutterness of grief fs not this minor koj reloned to by the p ot when nu sinus " tt a look before and after Anti gileve for what is not, E cn our mc, rest laughter \\\ 1th «OHIO pifn is ti night, Our sweetest songs are those which tell oí «addost thought " How stands tho Supernatural respecting the idea of God, of man nnd ihoii relations r As contwted with Pnïnnism it is as if 1H an instant tho darkist night were suddenly changed into the bright st dn\ , a« if tho most loath s nue and painful hell were bt a flaOi transformed into an o\pan ung jovous bait cn it is lik an intel e"t, mnd dort d bj apparitions of ter lfio wickedness su h as to ovor sot it« bilanco, instantlv rohevoJ and reaio id to penco andre t, finally, like awakug from tho thraldom uf an otcipottcnng nightmare, which sio s the hoait, (indicates itstictim fully awako, gispini, for breath, and half un d no bt thotoiy rehof atlordLd ia tho consciousness that that which to med so real and sotcrublo, was, after al, but the effect of a momentary bxllucinntion-so radically opooted are tho consequences rest cctit ely produced by tho hidden spring of Paganism, and that which hroko it up and took its place First, observe the contrast in the Supernaturalist's con- ception of Almighty God Take it, as drawn out by one of the deepost and perhaps tho most cautious thinkers of our time - " I sptak then,' says he, "of the God of thoTheist and of the Christian-a Clod who is numoiioally One, who is i ersonal, the Author, Sustainer, and 1 inishor of all things, the Life of Law and Order, the moral bot ernor, ono who is supreme and sole Uko Himself unliko ali things bo lies Himself, which «11 are but His orí atures , d stiuot from, indi pendent of them all , Olio «ho is sclt oxi ting, absolutolj infinite, who has evor been and et er will bc^to whom nothing is past or future, who is all j cr foction, and the fulness and arohetjpe of every possiblo excellence the truth it6olf ,witdoni, love, juftico holiness One who is all-pew orfu), all-knowing, omnipotent, mi om preh°nsiblo." [Nownian s Giammai of Astent, p 98] Hero then is a Being supreme in every characteristic, excluding all faint of imperfection, n >t of the world, but still ruling it as its Maker ant its guide all-powerful and all-seuing , and the essential love, as He is the essential justice, holiness, and trn h , incompiebensiblo on account of His very greatness, still, revealing Himself to man, speaking with bim, not being tery far irom any one of u«, on account of His surpassing love , a Bemg possessing in thoir fullest flower even con eivablo attribute of gcodne*» nnd of beauty, and yotexquisitelj harmonious in tho midst of the ooruseat ng tariety of His riches as they externally reveal themselves to man >e self ? He regards maa as a being created by the Supremo God, and as placed in a condition of discipline on earth His centre is out of the cirolo of self, and within the triangle of the Trinity lo this centre, unes» blocks aie put in the way, he should and dies spontnncouslt tend-the sparks of his soul flying upwards lhe aim of his hfo is ever to bo approaohing nearer m likeness to his Maker, to whom in character of reward, eventually if he has performed his mission, he will pass, and there find the fulfilment of every desire, and that peace unspeakable which is the highest form of rest Tho years of this hfo aie to him rcallj valuablo only so far torth as they fashion him for his future, and secure his permanent happy desttnv The jovs and delights which make up the goal, which direct the aim of tho Pagan, to him are of comparative small account " Ile looks on all tho joys of time With undcsinng eyes." For his imagination is possessed with the idea of the exquisite happmots of an endless rewaid, which, though hidden behind the draperies ef the future, he still feels to bo fairly within the grasp of his supernal uralised ambition. With all this he is sensible of tho struggles of the biser nature within him, and of the thraldom and irksomeness of the passions. He is conscious of an internal dislocation, of two laws combating within the arena of his being ; the man and the beast continually at variance, o casionally at ram- pant wnr; he is sensible of a disharmony whbh ho cannot eonquer; ne feels himself out of tune, and paitially unstrung ; lobbed of the robust he»l>h of his original con- stitution; weakened in will, darkened in intellect ; and swiyed by gusto and sudden violences of passion, which seem at times stronger thin himself; and which, indeed, hu knows he cannot of his own power alone subjugate or effectually control. Hence he is, as it were, forced to- lo >k out from the contentions and insurrections within hiuis-lf; and, wearied for want of rest, h s higher nature yearn« upwards, and si retobes out imploring bands for help; and ''as the eyes ot tho servants aie on the hands of their matters ; and thee.tesof the handmaid are on the hands of ber misttress so are hil eyeB unto the Lord his i->od until He have mercy on him."" For he knows, whilst he is prajing that "Life meanwhile Is In the loom where husy passion pile» The shuttle to an fro." Thus man feels himself helpless BO ion? as left 'to his own resjurces, indeed it may ba said, doomed, if -not assisted by a higher power, to torruption and to ruin. Still he despairs not. He possesses an overmastering conviction that He who made him what he is, and holds* him in His mind, will not treat him ill ; and that as thf perfection of his being and the fulfilment ot his aspirations aie alone to be found in God, he will one day reilly be brought in contact with them, and drink out of that cup whioU an unseen hand all his life had been holding near his lips. 'The iel at'on between God and man is now easily drawn out. As the Pagan god and man are antagoni-ticat every point to tho God and man of the SupernaturalM, BO is it with their telations. lu what temper could trie helpless, help-seeking man of the supernatural look up to the etei uni of infinite holiness, boiuty and charity, save in that of humility, reverence, and worship ? God would be to him as the tun ti the flower, as tha dew to the lattcrmath, as the sap to growing trees. He would be to him aBpiingof external warmth and light, and of inte nal life and peacefulness. Man would regard his supreme Creator ai the way to walk, and as the truth to guide; and as the >ife by which work is done and light absorbed. He would regard him as a mighty and affectionate pirron,whose favour would more than superabundantly make up for, indeed wholly transcend, the loss of all else besides. He would know by oxpei fence that the personal love of such a Being was of itself heart-filling and eoul eatisfiing ; that " That perfect vision of His face, Which ii o, for want of words, call heaven," was sufficient without anything more to content foran eternity the deepest oraving ? of mortality. He would, in one wold, feel satisfied that to be really loved by God, was, even in this world, to be teplenished with all that man could want; and that to know His will and to do it was tho end of life, and the tummum bonum of the creature. HUB this God of the supernatural bestowed on man a system of belief and a code of moral action ? and a form of worship proper to himself ? To reply to this we must grasp the supernatural in its wholo extension, and in the full signifícanos of Its power. It can bo looked upon as a vost wide- embracing force, which has exerted a gieater sway over the destinies of man than any other that has ever shook the world. Place one point of the compass on Catholicism as a centre, and then stretch out the other point, till it fall upon Theism pure and simple, describe the circle, and within that cir- cumference the whole domain of tho supernatural is con- tained. In proportion as you quit the centre and proceed towards the circumference, you leave the impregnable stronghold of immovable dogma and unchangeable morality behind, and gradually find yourself in a comparatively bleak and barren region, till at list you come upon tho sandy level of naked Theism without its safeauards and guarantees. Whatever man may believe as to its objective truthfulness, no student of history, no serious thinker, can entertain a moment's doubt that the Catholic Church has been from the days of Christ till now, and promises inde- finitely to continue, the very heart of the supernatural and the main stronghold of the unbending, the stubborn dogmas of religion. What, then, is this Catholicity which forms the centre heart of the Supernatural ? for where the heart-centre is, th-re the main essence, and the distinctive characteristic will be found. To ske'ob it rapidly : It began with the assuming human nature by that God whose principal attributes have already briefly been discussed. 'The incarnation is by far tha greatest portent that bai ever taken place in a universe filled with marvels, and created by Almighty power. Ths Infant of Bethlehem, the Boy of Nazareth, the Man of Tbabor, the Sufferer of Calvary,' the Jesus fiom the tomb ; that ene voice, that single hand which changed wafer into wice,. turned the broad swift current of the world, lae virtue from that solitary Man-for Ho was a God-lent al new pulse to the human heart a stronger sprmir TO miman energios, n b lghlor light to huinnn otes uni d sp ni ed a vision of glory future and inexpressible, bpfno the astonished sonso thus lifting h iniunirj, as ono min, on to a luphcr lovel and directing IIB noblest Klrivings tottnuln an imperishable goal. As tho brown silent forests m northern Intltudes on tho first warm day of spring slnnd clothed suddenly in creen nnd aro ultvo with song-that which wns lust now still and rieid, throb- bing with multitudinous life- so suddenly aim at did tho Pagan world give way, when tho sunand sap of nnotv crea- tion wnrmod itssonl and losoin thohoartof man Thooon of Justlco alone possessed these penotrating ravs which could overcome man s blindness, and bond his slubbnrncss of will Ho alono o uld créât ) tho Bip of a now form of life, and cause it to course in tho channels of humanity, and supernaturalise it at every extremity Ho it was who know hiw to touch tho springs of many hear s at onco and in mint places, aud to impait a subtle vnluo to, and to set a lucidon spring of Ditmifv m each member of the humnn family, so that, to recur to tho figure just mido u-.o of, each troo of the wild forest would bo chingcd with an olectricitv which naturo, with all her varied captbilities hid not the power to bestow. God came down, was made man, bocamo in tho likoue s of tho Good lamnntan, to lift m ii up, to ro-.t tho drooping hoad upon His bosom, to pour oil and wino into the tilling snctigth, to brottio mt», the sinking framoa now Divino intiporotinz buath of life Ho carno f r oioh mm and for all but foi each ns if f r h ni alono, for the unit, and for tho famih mado fif units, for ocietj composed of families for Kingdoms, Emiirrs and Republics composed of tho various societies and nationalities which make up thep puMion ot tho word Ho carno to join niau ti God and to hit up humamtj bt moans ot the supernatural to an end and destiny bevond the i nsBing hour. Ho came to infuse now arterial bloid into tho conduits of life and to thrill the creature with n now »ens», with a n»w îoio'atnn, of its weaknesses, its ca abilities and it« destiny, and so far to mnko h m a [ paitaVr of Divmitv as to renier him con«cinus of his fellowship with a Vtter nnd nn abiding citj, whilst ho held | himself to bom pilgrimage, and undor disciplm onouth Such i« a ¡ ortion of the mercies offered to man through tho 8UI einafnral It was sear clj nero«sarv for him, tho speaker to di aw out from history tho irs îlts and opornti ns of the Christi in sell mo tthuh forms tho burning- point of the supeniatuial Tho history of the Church, of hor dogmas hor moral disci phno, and her tv rship is simply the hisforv ot tho pist pagnn worll for eightoon hundred vrnra Tho heart of tho supernatural-in tho duration of its energies, m the povtor with which it has urg d tho stream of supernatural life into each extremity of tho world, and its fir n, steadv be it and healthfulness- can be compared to nothing analogous in the history of churches or of states Strike this great fact from history, and you throw history into chaos, it you do not actually annihilate it for over fourteen hundred yoars Ignore its influence on humanity, and you rendor philosophy a dream, as well might you ignore yourself Deal with it, whether you will or no you must Hate it, decry it, blacken it This you may do if you will but m doing so you blacken and decry the human family itself Whatever you do you must admit its claims, or at least its power, as a hard fact which cannot be got over Its foundations may be said to have been laid with Christ preaching on tho Mount The mountain of tho Beatitudes was His Olympus, and no was the only God of it A peace ful region, and a Divinity so truthful and so pure -in fiercest contrast with tho hideous divinities of Paganism. Here Christ laid down tho principles which were to regene rate and reconstruct the world Ho cho«o His ttvclvo. Ho went, and sent His spirit in His steal J ho twelve wero replenished with it, and Fetor repre cnted the toico which was heard no more I hat small society, multiplied fiom tho ono centre of infallible t protpcti ns of tho spirit of trtithtulnoss Thus theo was bestowed upon tho world au tinmovinp ca hedra of certa nlv as to belief and action, there was an over replenished store house of supo natural grace to enable man to do what ho saw to bonght What began fn the hill was carried to the Cata- combs it next rose to the Basilicas and spreading itself with rapldity abroad, penetrated into and pervaded tho cn ii society of the world It ascended from tho streets up tho steps of tho imperial throne into tho assembly of the Roman Senate it ontored the solemn tribunals, and fixed tho dit mo seeds of a supernatural destiny m the hearts of emperors and educators and the exponents of the imperial laws of Rome. Thus opening their minds ns " \\\ ax to receive, ajid marble to retain " the principles and hidden springs of a newer life, they ful- filled their destiny in cultivating the soil mode suddenly so rich by the generous hind of a saving Providence Of tne old civilization which passed awav it was not noces arv to treat at anv length He, the spoakor, would content hini«olf by pointing towards one great represent- ative of the supernatural who forms a conspicuous land mark amongst the wreckage of a broken world St Grogorj the Great, sitring on the throne of Peter, the représentant o of Christ, and the impersonation of Christian authority and faith, stands ont as in a picture, amidst tho decaj of tho older culture, as a type of tho supernatural principle in its rola tion not merely to religion but to the civil order of tho world If tho Christian Commonwealths of this hour would look u^on their origin, let them cast thoir eves upon Pope St Gregory governing with patriarchal rule the three ana twanty pitrimjmos of the Church, or, if they prefer it, upon Pnpo St Leo III, solemnly crowning the civil power m the person < t Cbarletungne on Christmas Day at the tomb of the A cosí les And thus for seven hundred years, whilst men wore one by ono elevated by sacramental grace, secured in stability by a teaching uttered with a consciousness of prctictod truth, and guided by a steidy onward hand to Heaven, Kings and Princes of the world. States and Common- wealths looked upon the Church, the heart of the super- natural, as occupying an analogous position in thoir regard. They held that tho law of the ten command- ments which bound tho individual conscience, bound also the consciences of empires and states, of kings and civil rulers : and that the moral action of tho State should play in harmony with the high protected teaching of the super' natural. In a word, not onlv individual men, but kings and legislators, statesmen and warriors, were Catholic, and were possessed by that principle of obedience to rightly constituted authority which is the surest guarantee of the stability of the throne and the liberty of the subject. Then the wrench came of the sixteenth century. Should he say it? Pride and sensuality even at times within tho sanctuary: sloth, wealth, and worldliness amongst a portion of the clergy; occasional corruptions and even scandals amongst religious orders ; ignorance, and that fierce bigotry which follows it as a shadow, as well as the wealth daily spread out before their eyes, offered to those who had been checked by tho spiritual power for their vices, and who hated discipline, a pretext for confusing tho evil deeds of a handful of men with the guiding princi- ples of tho supernatural which those men trampled under foot, and for bringing about that great land-slip. which, when once effected, became tho cause of endless and multiplying revolutions in the religious world. The first large land-slip bore within it the principle of its own separation from the heart of the supernatural; and as every master- principle is the fruitful paient of a thousand phenomena, no sooner had that spiritual territory slipped from the rock, and fallen to a lower level, than it also became the parent of endless other slips, till what was once one solid ground, became broken up into a thousand fragments. For each new form of the supernatural, as it parted with that which was logically its parent, left behind it some positive doctrines, some moral axioms, some time-honoured disciplines, till at last, nothing remain but naked Deism, which speedily travels to those confines where the terra firma of the supernatural meets an altogether different element—the wide quagmire of level Materialism, on the bitter ocean of heaving unbelief. Such, is the logical, and indeed inevitable progression in the working of an initial principle, which begins by showing an insignificant crack in an outer but- tress, and ends in the radical destruction of that into which its wedge has been inserted. And here it is important to observe what a superficial mind might not perceive the full bearings of, namely, that the fact of individual Catholics having abandoned the prac- tice of religion and the principles of the supernatural, is, in reality, no justification, indeed does not bold out the slen- dered cloak of an excuse for tho repudiation of those princi- ples themselves, or for violently jerking religion, as by a sudden twist, from the only logical basis on which it can stand with any hope of remaining firm. To offer as a sufficient reason for trampling on the law the paltry, not to say criminal excuse that a certain number of persons have not observed the law ; to introduce anarchy just because certain members of society have not been kept in order, has an unmistakable touch about it either of lunacy or cunning ; and suggests the suspicion that those who thus philosophize must have some selfish end of their own to serve. And when this is done in matters of religious principle: when the only stable principle, that is to say authority, is rejected, and the principle of confusion is made to take its place ; then it is merely a question of time and circumstance how soon destruction is to follow. For when once a system of morality and faith, which restrains passion, curbs pride, humbles man, directs his life within and his actions with- out, is shoved from the square block and level foundation of authoritative truth taught with unerring security, on to the slippery incline of the individual judgment which changes with the weather, one inevitable consequence follows;tho ball will not rest till it rests at tho very bottom. As a rule, whatever of positive teaching these rolling frag- ments of Christanity may have retained is tho result of their previous oneness with the heart of the supernatural, that city on the mountain top, with " Her godlike head crown'd with spiritual fire, And touching other worlds." The landslips, even the biggest of them, have, after all, simply fallen from the outer edge; the Rock remains all tho more conspicuous from its very isolation, and tho adamantine bases on which its towers are reared are now partially unveiled before tho eye. And if what Mr. Glad stone says be true, viz., that '. the Christian thought, the Christian tradition, the Christian society, are the great, the imperial thought, tradition, and society of this earth," this earth owes that circumstance to the Catholic Church. If it be true, as another able writer says, that " the great prin- ciples of Christian morality are now so interwoven with our habit of thinking, that we appeal to them no longer as scriptural authorities. but as the natural suggestions of a sound judgment;" if such be the case, we one it to the fact of human society having been steeped in the Baptism of the Supernatural for over eighteen hundred years. Deny it as men may, let them be ever so much ashamed 'of their spiritual lineage, the philosopher is not deceived. He traces to their source, however distant, the shallow waters, and discovers the causes of the stagnant pools; and ho finds the initial springs of all of them in that fountain of living waters which wells up towards everlasting life in the city of the saints Though they may have lost their vital qualities though they may have grown brackish or corrupt, still be traces what remains of good In them to their true origin, and knows, though now thej may have lost their savour, that they once were limpid portions of the living spring Many amongst them retain some lineaments of past greatness some vestiges, more or less of tho divine original, and though marred and mutilated, though but chips and torsos, he gazes on them with affectionate regret, with affection, in proportion as they still retain some token of their origin with regret, on account of being so much beauty tarnished such graceful symmetry destroyed The Catholic thinker must needs feel sympathy for every thing within tho circle of the supernatural—sympathy in proportion as he draws his eyes from the circumference to that centre where perfect loveliness tho " Mystic Queen of tho supernatural holds her court I And after eighteen centuries of battle has tho Great Mother of men lost tho force of her aim, the flash of her eye, and her high proverbial courage ? Does she not still prosecute her sleepless work, her paramount mission or saving souls? Does she no t still "go about doing good, ' and sanctify with her gentle presence households and families of men ' And, though fallen on an evil era, still influence with her elevating purifying spirit, kingdoms and empires, and tho whole civil order of mankind ? Her bitterest eneniies are loudest in procluniiug that she still exerts her power, and not in vaim, that she is no antique, or bee in amber, but an aggressive lhfe in contact with the forces of tho modern world, and roused up all the more to energy just on account of tho violence of opposition " From a dormant, as was thought defeated super- stiton,' says Mark Pattison, "Catholicism has become an aggressive and menacing force It is backed by millions of hereditary believers It is armed in Spain, mutinous in Italy rapidly re-advancing to the re-conquest of France and takes tho whole force of Protestant Ger many to keep it under. Mr Gladstone himself assures tho world that " for working purposes tho Catholic Church has the advantage over all other forms of religion, and that in this respcet they have suffered loss by leaving her. She is possessor he says , 'of by far the most elasttc tho most closely knit, and tho most highly centralised organi- zation ' when compared with the denominations, which are of more recent date This heart of the supernatural of which tho Vicar of Clnist n the supreme commander, ho sat s is 'organised like an army in which each order is in strict subjection to every other order that is above it. A thousand bishops, aio it"- ponetala some two hu idred thousiud its piolctamns Tho nuxilaiy fircos of this great establishment are tho monastic orders And thev differ from tho auxiliaries of other armies in that they have a yet stricter discipline and a more complete dependence on tho head, than the ordinary soldier To the chain of an unbroken continuity, ho continues, ' te the majesty of an immense mass to the energy of a closely serried organization ' the Catholic Church this heart of the supernatural "adds another and a more legitimate source of strength It undeniably contains within itself a largo portion of the individual life of Christendom 1 he faith, tho hope, tho chat it j, tv h oh it was the o lice of tho gospel to engender, ti unsh within this nrecinot in the heart of mlllionB uprn millions Many b au lful and ni an j uoUdeharactoia grow up within it Mo o ver, tho babos and sucklings of tho gosnel the p or thiweak, tho uninsrruitôi thisimplo souls who in tramml sphere gita their s ni and heait to God and whosa «hadoi tnith is not scorched by tho burning questions of human thought and life those persons are probably in tho Roman Catholic Church by no means worse than they would be under any other Christian system They swell the mass of the main body, obey the word of command when it reaches them , and they help to supply tbo resources by which a vast machinery is kept in motion ' So, according to the testimony of our able adversary, this vast machine, this most elastic closely-knit and higlily centralized heart of tho supernatural, which we call the Catholic Church is beyond comparison', in its tough strength, in its dynamic power, in its colossal size in its adaptation to tho gigantic work placed for it to do, superior to every other As she has been for centuries so is she still in h s nineteenth century, tho mainspring of tho supernatural, the chief antagonist tho leader, against which tho foul monsters of tho future will have to throw themselves, if they would overrun, and ravage this fair world which God has given us, and darken the heavens with their poisonous breath lho secret force of this Hidden Spring is identical in kind with that which energises in the centtal BOUI of the individual man F r the Church lives and acts from a d vine and supernatural impulse, from which pro eel those re- straining principles which maintsin the wor d in order and those renovating stimulants which lift societv up to and fix it on the basis of supernatural facts It consists in hor possessing a complete revelation of supernatural truth, and an ever-abiding and intelligible voice in its inter- pretation and applicti a, both on tha pi in of intellectual, vision and that of practical action , it consists in her being the fountain-head from which proceed seven distmot channels of supernatural light and energy, by means of which man's reason is comforted by tho gift of faith, and his spirit emboldened to love and hope it consists in each order of the social hierarchy receiving its own proper gift and grace for the right fulfilment of its avocations , so that all mankind may. in the steady light in the permanent glow of the supernatural, be urged from within and attracted from without, " To scorn delights, and live laborious days" in working out its higher destiny. It consists in tho fact of that Great Mother knowing hor"own mind thoroughly, and in times of peril, and of mental conflict especially, boldly and emphatically, without ie-pect of persons or powers declaring it, and anathematizing the wrong; and in her possessing a supernatural instinct to place truth and gool ness before expoduncy and success; nnd in hor almost divine penetration in seeing an enemy through any mask, and of making out and rejecting such principles. however plausible, which seeming to bo doing the reier-e, really toll against her. She bides ner time, and does her work, and »ffcrs ber antidotes to the poisons of the agc; and knows, as no othar can, how to gird hersrif up for the contest and launch herself out on the foe. Her secret for. o con- sists in her stern authoritative insistence that those, it matters not who hoy be, who disobey the law, whether as written on the heart or given in the gospels, will »f a surety, if thoy die impenitent and in mortsl sin, perish everlastingly ; nnd that those, on the contrary, who make it the gieat object of thoir life t> fulfil the will of their Creator, and die in a state of grace, will ba rewardtd for over with oxquis te delights. It moroiver, censista in her impressing on man an idea of his real character and con- dition, so that ho knows himself as he really is; and has an abiding consciousness of his own personal debility, and hears ever ab ut with him a sense of sin aud a consequxnt temper of dependence and humility ; he comes to realise, th'ouph her teaching, the idea of guilt and of repentance, and begins to practise, not merely those more masculine virtues which aro summed up in the four cardinal cba-nc teristics of a noble and well balanced mind, but those other virtues also, especially connected with the Gospel revelation, and emphatically shown forth in the life of ih i Incarnate such as humility, patience, sweetness, gentianes', self repression, forgetfulness of self and thoughtfulness of others ; all which virtues, when exhibited in their fairest bloom, represent to the world mon and women of tho hierhest type, and of the most exquisite symmetry of soul. Tboee flowers of tho supernatural spring up in a carnal world from the hidden spring of a super- natural root, and reiicom human life from utter deso- lation. Such men and women as these sweeten caith's bitterness ; and. whilst casting a halo of so'toniug light into the saddest recesses of humanity, and Baving the fallen from do-pnir by their anaelio love and gentleness dwoll here, not as the Pagans did, nut as casting their lot with eai th. but as men making u«e of it as a many-sided instrument for 'heir own perfection, as a many-runged ladded which they daily have to climb towards "That God, which over Ihres and loves; One God. one law, one element, And one far-off divine ovpnt To which tho whole creation moves." Thus earth ceases to be a place of damp fog and dis- appointment; its darkest enigmas are sufficiently solved to open the door of hope; the sombre future is pierced into by a slant of light; death, with his horrid scythe, is dis- covered to be " but a mediator Between the lower and tho higher life." The inequalities of the earthly course, the unequal distri- bution of wealth, health, and talent, are explained in the promises of the future : and the cieatuie, by thus identify- ing himself with the supernatural, not only perfects his moral character as a man, but renders earth itself more habitable by making man more happj ; whilst tho higher forms of virtuo receive a stimulus which no other system of philosophy or religion can supply. Such being the action of the heart of tho Supernatural, in what relation does it stand to thoso larger and larger 01 roles round it, whioh describe a wider and wider sweep, till Deism pure and simple is confined within tho widest ? In what relation does it stand to Anglicanism, Presbyterianism, Wesleyanism, Congregationalism, &c;, to the various forms of Theistical belief ? It stands in two distinct relatirns to all these. First, thero is placed an impassable logical gulf between it and them. For while the heart of the Super- natural, the entire Catholic system, hangs from the one hook of a divinely given and unerringly- interrupted revelation ; tlKso various systems represented by the outer ciroles, hung from as many different hooks as there are men's heads to fix them in; are, in point of fact, the creation of the private judgment of each individual man. Thus t the logical gulf which yawns between the Catholic Church and the Denominations is as wide as the difference between the mind of God and the mind of man. But though it is an admitted, and patent fact that this gulf does exibt between the Church and the D euomini tions, still a curtain symnathv is creatul where there is identity of belief; and that though in the one case the belief is made to rest on premises which do not warrant it.. A man may, and many men do, hold true conclu'ions upon false premises ; as man's heart ia often better than his head ; but the fact of an illation being f nlsa docs not by any means imply that in se the conclusion is uutrue, or eause tho lover of truth to love the truth tho less. Thus the Catholic philosopher, whose heart beats wi'h the blood of the supernatural, sympathises with tho Denominations in proportion as they have retained and teach a greater number of Catholic veritas: whilst his sympathy gradually loses its edge in proportion as those truths decrease in clearness and in number, and belief dwindles down towards the outer ring, which includes tho 6impleassertion of rho exisience of a God. ' On the other hand, the Denominations, if they study their own interest, and deeply" prize the doctrines which they still retain, will, so far forth as the Church teaches and defends the cardinal principles of tho Supernatural, look up to her as the great heart of Christianity as a sustainer more potent than all of them together, of tho fundamentals of their own religion, and as an organized army which it becomes their dearest interest to encourage and assist against, a common foe In a word, though fundamentally different in tho logical basis of their systems, though this difference is radical, and will remain so, between the Church and the Denominations and though tho Denominations will, from the very nature of that basis, never agree in detail amongst themselves and though so long as a common enemy does not start up io make Christians suspend hostilities and look to their mutual preservation there is little prospect of a laying down of arms still, did such an enemy present himself, did his attack threaten to be formidable and sweeping did he approach the circle of the Supernatural with set purpose of blotting out tho idea of God of Providence, of sin of grace, of redemption did he propose thus to put out man's eyes to stop his heart, to poison or rather quench tho springs of hope and did he appear powerful enough to bring all this about-in such a case would not all within tho supernatural circle stop their hands and turn their eyes in one direction ." And, conscious of their mutual peril and how, especially in such warfare as this, union is strength, would they not, each circle independently encou- raged by the strength of the central heart, turn upon, push back and slay if possible the morster, the enemy of our common race ? All surely in any measure interested or identified with tho supernatural, would for tho time at least drop mutual hostilities and combine each from its independent point of view, against the destroyer of tho hidden spring of present and future happiness III. But is there such an enemy is this? Does the future portend any such great antagonisms as havo aiready been fought out between Paganism and Christianity - could a line be thrown round tho army of the future with ni much precision as the supernatural has been circum. scribed ? He (the speaker did firmli beliove in tho existence the presence, and the power of such an enemy he felt deeply impressed by tho perils loomitng in the distance; by to reckless aims of the approaclung devas. tator who, even at this hour, had gathered his strenga together and had become a menacing danger So much so that he felt it to be a duty, and ot pat amount import- ance, for this army of the Supernatural to leave alone comparatively minor and domestic differences, and to advance in solid column against on enemy threatening the existence of them all He looked upon the coming whirl, wind as promising to bo more destructive and uprooting than anything that had occurred in Pagan times, or that has threatened the stability of tho supernatural since tho Incarnation. Lust in the heart leaves a blot which may be purified but pride in the citadel of the intellect leaves a stain, which percolates to the passions and thus mind and body become contaminated and man succumbs to a double wound in tho two fountains of his energies Ha louie« to r semble thooe lmecls worried bj (Lila en, uiKcm sei us of the to ment thflj miller, -md wh oh crawl about with logs biokcn nnd w ni« burnt wrecks of wbatthej orurinallv wor Having doputod his tictims of all hop», ot tho future hat ing [ ut ut his eyes as well a« cut of hu wings this monster pio oids to throw up infection into His veiyair heb mtl e< and to so v conuption along the hue of path ha will hat o to walk Now the Hidden Spring of all this threatening misery is called ' Materialism " This is tho power which is mar shalling its forces and has been for these two hundred years preparing to make a general advance against the Supernatural There are many forms of it but they can be analyzed into one and traced to a single principle. Put one point of the compass on man's brain, stretch the other out as far as his heart, describe the circle and within that circumference is contamed the sum total of the religion and philosophy of the future The Hidden spring of it con sists in this that the centre of authority is drawn out of Heaven, is filched from God, where the supernatural had fixed it, and is placed in man, or in humanity. Man is made the measure of all things, and humanity, his God, within that circumference, every law and every growth must exclusively find its explanation. "A fatal circle. Upon whose magic skirts a thousand devils In crystal forms sit tempting innocence, And beckon early virtue from its centre." Thus pride in tho hands of depravity will carry the world to a lower cell if it be not mastered, than that which contains tho animalisms and atrocities created by that brutal energy which formed tha hidden spring of Paganism. Let us analyse this system of the future. First, as to the idea of God. And to obviate mistake, he ( he speaker) would recite to them tho very words of the most "advanced" thinker of the present day, though no did candidly confess to reciting them with horror: - " What is the use of adoring that phantom of Divinity?" exclaims this pioneer of tho future, "and what does He want of us by means of that gang of inspired people who persecute us everywhere with their sermons ? [ système des Contradictions. chap. iii.] With regard to God,' he continues, " I know Him not. God is nothing but pure mysticism. If you desire me to liston to you, begin by suppressing' that word in your discourses ; for, from the experience of three thousand years, I have been convinced that everyone that talks to me of God wishes to rob me of my liberty or my purse. How much do I owe you? Behold my religion and my God." [Ibid, chap, vii.] Again: .' This I say, the first duty of an in- telligent and free man is to tear immediately the idea of God from his mind and conscience. . . . God is nothing else but stupidity and fear, hypocrisy and deceit, tyranny and misery. As long as humanity bends before an Altar, the slave of kings and priest , it will be reprobated ; as long a a single man receives in God's name an oath from another man, society will be founded on penury,and peace and love will be exiled from the earth. Beware, Jehovah ! for henceforth, cured of the fear of God. and having attained true wisdom, I am ready to swear, with my hand raised to wards heaven, that you are only the murderer of my reason, and the spectre of my conscience! " Thus it is evident that Materialism tramples on every form of divinity so far acknowledged amongst men : and will only consent to recognise a modern god, made up of the aggregate of creature—humanity—without wings to fly with, or even an Olympus to sit on : a divinity which the individual has 'to aspire to improve," and into which that same individual will it is said, be incorporated after having borne his part in its development. If such be the true philosophy we must unweave the words of the poet when he sings: " Man is not God, but hath God's end to serve, A master to obey, a course to take, Somewhat to cast off, somewhat to become How could man have progression otherwise ! " Having expunged the supernatural in all its circles as with a blow, it becomes clear that, according to this system, man can aspire no higher than the Pagan, and does not aspire so high. He can stand in no relation to that of which he denies the very existence. Man him self thus necessarily becomes the centre of being ; from him, exclusively, law and truth, all greatness and all beauty flow ; he grows out of clay like the weed and falls back into clay, like the weed, again ; and virtue good ness, faith, love are but the colouring, brilliant or sombre, as the case may be, upon its petals during the few short hours of its prime. As there is no immortal God, so there is no immortal soul. As there is no Judge to come, so there is no future punishment or reward. The filling-in of the grave ends all. 'The l -sufficiency of this life, and of man for himself, become fundamental principles of action. The idea of sin, of repentance, of dependency on another are blotted out, and the creature becomes his own god, that god, after all, being nothing higher than an idealized aggregate of degraded men produced by a human brain. As to positive teaching, as to a system of belief, the religion of the future, in rejecting God. by that very stroke, separates the mind of man from every element of faith; from every vestige of revealed morality: so each individual is left free to follow the dictates of his own lusts: and eternal, changeless truth, both dogmatic and ethical, is turned into the camelion of " that which man troweth." The movements that take place in the plane of morality and faith must, as a necessary consequence, be communi- cated to the political and social plane ; for politics and diplomacy, after all, are but the moral law applied to society at large, to empires and nations. That man who will not acknowledge God as his chief and master, will never bend to the authority or dictation of a fellow-man. But let M. Proudhon, the formost leader of " modern thought," speak in his own language :— " All men." he says, " are equal and free. Society is, then, as well by its nature as by the functions of its destiny, antinomical, which means, ungovernable. The sphere of activity of each citizen being the result, on the one hand, of the natural division of labour, and on the other, of the election he makes of a profession, and the social functions being constituted in such a manner as to produce an harmonic effect, order becomes the result of the free action of all ; whence I draw the absolute nega- tion of Government ; every one who puts his hand on me to govern me is a tyrant and a usurper, and I proclaim him my enemy." [Confessions of a Revolutionist.] Again : " Only society that is the collective being can fol- low its inclination and abandon itself to its free will without fear of absolute and immediate error. This superior reason which is in it, and which slowly escapes from it through the manifestations of tho multitude, and the reflections of individuals, always puts it right in the end. The philoso- pher is incapable of discovering truth by intuition ; and if he attempt to disect society, he runs a great risk of esta- blishing his own ideas inefficient and unsufficient ever, in place of the eternal laws of order, and thus hurrying society to the abyss. The philosopher requires something to direct him. What else can that something be but the law of progress, and that logic which resides in humanity as in its centre?" [" Confessions of a Revolutionist."] Now such Materialism as this is not opposed to Super naturalism as Protestantism is opposed to Catholicity ; but it is root and flower the opposite pole, the direst contradic tion, point for point, of the whole circle of the Super- natural. It launches a straight denial at each form of religious belief, at every modification of Supernatural reli- gion with equal vehemence, from Catholicity with its ample dogma, to the most scantily clothed Deism ; and accompanies that denial with louder and still louder ex- pressions of scorn and derision, as the modification departs further and further from the Catholic centre. There is no locus standi from which it can be even reasoned with, or on which terms can be discussed for an accommodation : it is the uncompromising, and radical enemy of God, whom it denies ; of the throne, which it upsets ; of the altar, which it destroys ;—that is, of tho whole sweep of the Supernatural in all its circles and centres ; and, therefore, of Christian government, and the acknowledged usages of the society of the present day it would with one push shove all these into space, or bear them away in block and bury them, and establish on the cleared area, in the "howling wilderness," tho Church of the Revolution, and the tyranny of the Sect. It may be thought by some that Materialism in reality offers a terror merely to the professed alarmist, and that, in point of fact, there is no real occasion for those within circle of the supernatural to combine in self-defence against it as a common enemy Those who carefully heave the load, and scrutinise the current and spirit of the age, those who interrogate the Zeit-geist, and study the igns of tho times, are not so sanguine in their judgment The longer they watch the growth of public opinion tho stronger becomes their conviction that the menace of the future is sufficiently alarming to create a deepset and terrible anxiety. And do not hesitate to declare that, unless something be done, and done speedily too the supernatural, though in possession and strong in the prestige of so many centuries, and so deeply rooted in the affection the people and the habit of their mind, will, unless she show herself more resolutely and more mascu- line in the contest than she has done, lose ground and at length be relegated to sacristies and vestries, and, finally, be reduced to such a ghost as Paganism is amongst us at present. Speaking of tho future prospects of this fierce school of universal innovation, an able publicist says: " Positivism," so he calls the phase he speaks of, "claims the future as its own. Progress is a chief part of its ostensible pro- gramme. It offers itself as tho embodiment of all that is known which can be beneficial to society. The science of social phenomena, with the preliminary studies of biology and physics are its substance. So far from being con- servative, it is in the highest degree innovating and rev- lutionary, for it would organise society on knowledge, instead of on usage and tradition as at present. If ideas continue to progress as they have done for the last two hundred years, the future is assured to the positive spirit. The only condition of things which could keep knowledge and positivism which is identified with knowledge, from supremacy in Europe, is force. Sheer brute force might be organised to suppress knowledge in tho conservative service of some one of the different interests of modern society such as that of Catholicism, or tho communistic proletariat." [" Mark Pattison."] And do not the greater Christian Denominations exhibit daily evident tokens of that enervating spirit which is produced by breathing tho foul air of such "modern thought" and "modern progress" as this? Before the landslip absolutely melts into the sea, does it not steadily soften at the base in the water, and gradually dissolve and then losing its clear outline, slip out of sight altogether? Is not such an effect even now discernible in the original landslip which in course of years, split up into three hundred fragments as the consequence of its fall ? The keen eye of Mr Greg has already noticed this He discovers 'a disposition in the most large minded Protestant divines to modify, ignore, eliminate, or recover with a mystical and nebulous halo (as Coleridge did) some of the least credible features of their creed." [' Rocks Ahead, ' page 129] 'How many sections of Christians,' says Mr Harrison " are really seeking to vapourize or sub limate their religion, on the plea of more humane and comprehensive ends, but perhaps rather to escape from the bonds of tho definite and systematic? The troubled air resounds with Pan- Christianities, Pantisocratries, Eirenics the fraternization of Churches, and tho amal gamation of sects. One sect is exalting Theism, by getting rid of the Gospel whilst another school implores us to save the religion of Jesus by giving up our belief in God. Churchmen and Dissenters would exchange pulpits as freely as migratory curates ; and some burn with zeal to uproot the wall of demarcation, whether in formularies or grave yards." [' Aspects of Positivism '] Thus, whilst these large tracts of the supernatural are showing signs of decomposition, of falling in and falling out, collapsing, and then melting altogether and this for want of that which in the nature of tho case they cannot have, viz. a firm under-pin of logic ; tho Catholic Church rising sheer from the granite square of divine authoritative teaching hardens and strengthens rather than softens and enfeebles under the influence of the new sun in tho new firmament. ' One Church, ' says the same thinker, "shows a marked contrast with this tendency to evaporate. Amidst the eagerness of the rest to escape outside their own skins and to find a pov sto in pure ether. Rome has been distinctly, systematically hardening her own system. She is making her fomulæ far more definite and has applied them with startling courage to all tho problems of the world. In all three parts of religion—in doctrine, worship and government especially in tho last, she at least has been showing no cowardice of her opinions—no desire to apologise herself into a metaphor Therein doubtless in her own light she is right. That profound staff, which from tho Vatican directs the Catholic army a staff to which that of Von Moltke is as a petty and clumsy machine, has long been at work to refit every part of the Catholic organism and to make more unmistakable the mechanism of its discipline The growing success of this tremendous project, the in significance of tho Old Catholic bubble and of all attempts at rebellion have shown how truly the scheme was in the air and alive to the spirit of the situation. The sagacity of Papal Rome comparable to nothing in history but to the sagacity of Imperial Rome, saw, no doubt that in the great and final battle with Revolution, . . . . . a religion like a State or an arm must tighten and not loosen its cohesion it must give its whole íntellec- tual and practical mechanism more unhesitating authority The reassertion of Ultramontanism, in which Prince Bismark afflicted like so many Roman Emperors with the delirium tremens of power sees a spectre threatening his life, is really as old as our own generation, it began when the Catholic staff realise the orini to be met, and resolved on the desperate issue S. Petrus contra mundum. Suicidal it may be—but Rome, at any rate, will not die nephelo-cephalus, nor swear that she never meant anything by Christianity Two things then are crucially indicative of a coming struggle ; tho softening of the landslip, and the hardening of the City on the Rock The gradual melting away of positive belief, and the rejection wholly or in part of a coherent scheme of doc trine and an organized code of practice is one of the portentous signs of a dark and distressing future In France Spain Italy, Belgium and Germany, it is the same. In every class the apostles of materialism are to be found. The acute and active politician tho man of science the litterateur and the polemist by profession, as well as a swarm of intellectua1 adventurers, who have everything to gain, every chance being a change for the better for them, are day by day doing the work of the white ant and loosening the rivets and nuts which keep together the great framework of society below themselves But dismissing other national ties, look at our own England with which we are so inseparably bound up whose influence moral and religious is brought to bear upon us like a tide, and with every tide. Humanly speak ing what she becomes, that we shall be ; we are in great measure her reflection or her shadow, he would not say, her mimic. This question then is brought home to us with a special significance viz. : What is the mental attitude of her leading thinkers and of those who form the bone and sinew of the people, whose mental labourers those thinkers are? Let Mr Greg, a gentleman of wide personal experience, and a keen observer of English intellectual life, reply. He says emphatically :— I believe that the strongest mental power, tho finest thought the highest intelligence amongst us is yearly diverging more and more from Christianity, is discarding all faith in it, assuming towards it not so much a hostile, as an isolated neutral, almost supercilious, attitude—an attitude which may perhaps best be described as one of silent renunciation and disapproval—of looking, and a passing by on the other side. The preponderant intel lect in every line—statesmanlike, legal scholarly, scientific, literary, industrial—is no longer believing, is as a rule, dis- tinctly unbelieving " [" Rocks Ahead," p 128 9] Is such general decomposition of thought as this possible amongst the leaders without passing to the masses below them ? Let Mr Greg again reply ; "A very large proportion," he says "probably the majority, of tho operative classes in towns are total unbelievers; and these are not the reckless and disreputable but, on the contrary, consist of 'the best of the skilled workmen the most instructed and thoughtful as well as the steadiest. The hard-headed, industrious, reading engineers and foremen, members of mechanics institutes, the natural leaders of the artisans, are sceptics intellectually, not morally ; they disbelieve because they have inquired, argued and observed, and have been unable to obtain from their Methodist fellow work- men or even from ministers of tho Gospels, satisfying answers to their doubts. Amongst tho manufacturing artisans and the highest description of citizen labourers it may be stated, with even more confidence than of the ranks above them in the social scale, that the intellect of that body is already divorced from the prevalent creeds of the country." And in proportion as the less learned class and the less critical are fed with infidelity by those who should pro vide for them another kind of nourishment in proportion as the masses are taught and encouraged to reject and scorn the supernatural they turn round and scorn and reject those who, having repudiated all authority above themselves, would still tenaciously maintain their own authority over those below themselves. "Everywhere, says an able English pen, "there are signs that the respect for great national institutions, for central as distinguished from local ideas is diminishing. Everywhere the self-sufficiency of popular opinion is in creasing . . . .Everywhere the difficulty of organ izing opinion is growing,—tho residuum, aided by the ballot, realising more and more cearly that there is no true responsibility for political opinion at all, and that than a reason for thinking that support will result in public benefit. All the signs of the times go to show that the people believe less and less that they have any thing to learn from their political leaders, and indeed hold that those leaders are much rather their own instruments than their sagacious and respected advisers . . Look at it which way you will, it seems to promise for England a period of mean and capricious politics, in which the least scrupulous men will come to the top, and the most scrupulous and most eminent will be cowed and silenced— in which either the House of Commons will lose control of the wild whims of the people,or the wild whims of the people will gain control of the House of Commons ; and which of the alternatives is the worst it is hard to sa Such, then, are the elements amongst which tho future indicatons of the virulence of that poison, the power of that Hidden Spring, which, as yet, has not fairly found a leverage, or exhibited one tithe of its genuine elasticity. Now, what is tho Hidden Spring of tie possible access of flint unseen attraction which, massively and silently, almost with tho sleeplessness and certainty of gravitation is drawing tho world's mind out of its old moorings, where there is comparative peace and rest, into that ' dark Illimitable ocean, where eldest Night And Chaos, ancestors of Nature, hold Eternal anarchy " The Hidden Spring of materialism is centred in, and derives its main energy from, tho Sect, the Church of the Revolution, the International Secret Society, which is weaving its framework around tho world. He (tho speaker) used tho generic term "the Sect," as this materialism is made up of a hundred independent, yet at the same time sympathetic, centres; all, whatever their mutual relations, aiming steadily at one mark. Just as the Catholic Church forms tho centre-heart of the supernatural, so does the Sect form the centre- heart of materialism. Were it destroyed were that implacable wide extending network raked away, were tho Church of the Revolution abolished and tho secret craft committed to tho winds, tho supernatural would soon regain her own ; and, in fact turn the tide of human energy once more in the direction of order in society, truth in religion and morality in diplomacy and politics. But this is easier said than done the sect already possesses a strong hold upon society; it is skilfully manipulatcd and persistently, nay doggedly, toils, without discouragement, at carrying out its vast ambitions. Infidelity amongst leaders of thought and public thinkers, atheism amongst skilled labourers and artizans, and frightful immorality from one end of tho gamut to the other, compose tho muddy waters in which this conspiracy can ply its trade with best advantage to itself. Let us point out a few of its salient characteristics, that it may be seen with what manner of on antagonist the supernatural will have to deal. " Friendship ' we are told by its ritual, " is tho sacred bond which unites together all tho brethren of our craft, for however much scattered they may be over the face of tho earth they all compose one only body, because one is their origin and one their aim; one the mystery with which they are initiated, one the path by which they are led one the gauge and measure applied to such and all of them and one tho spirit by which they are animated." [Eckhert, Die Trage der Staatl Anerk , p 12 Leipsic, At the present moment this craft is said to number seventeen millions of men banded together for secret ends by secret oaths throughout the world. And out of these there are n chosen few who represent a Hidden Spring within the vast machine. The object proposed to them- selves by those who compose this central cell of operation is as world embracing as that aimed at by tho Catholic Church. The intent of these sectaries is to do in tho future what the Church has done in the past—to possess, break up, reorganise and renew the world. The object of tho sect says a leader of it, "is not to lay down certain principles which must be respected within the narrow enclosure of its assemblies, the whole of society is its aim. Tho lodges are schools where men must be formed to certain convictions, so that they may be able to struggle with vigour in tho ' profane world,' and especially in tho political arena.' Nout, Tom I p. 207] Tho alter tho throne, civil society as at present constituted, are, under the action of its breath, to melt down into an international communism, when the impossible equality of all men shall be achieved , when tho Almighty God and consequently, dogma and Christian morality shall be expunged and when out of tho most unmitigated materialism, tho future perfection of humanity, like the phœnix from its ashes,shall arise. Nor is all this in these days very carefully concealed Such is tho public teaching indeed of a foremost master He says boldly that tho brotherhood is in duty bound to place itself not only above different religions but " above all belief in any God whatever ' [M Neut, Tom II p 2i3] " We are our own Priests, our own Gods," exclaims another, ' and this unlimited, complete, universal liberty is a right ' [Const Masonnique Art 1.] This secret craft, which during tho last two hundred years has been accumulating energy and widely extending, is organ- ized with great cunning, and so adapted to the conditions of society and the changing positions of human thought, that only those, who have been "schooled,' tested and found worthy, are gradually and cautiously admitted to a full knowledge of its secret aims This many sided machine is made up of from thirty to ninety Hidden Springs, or circles one within tho other, which represent the various grades of initiation. Those who are permitted to occupy the outer circle are so far practised with, are so far the tools or instruments of tho prime-movers that without being aware of it, they simply act tho part of ornamental dummies, or show-figures, and are paraded before tho world, that the world may feel reassured that a blind oath of secrecy notwithstanding, little harm could attach to a crast, however secret, so long as dukes and lords, and men of large estate and of high character were members of it. How could that society be subversive of the throne, which is patronized by Royalty itself ? How can that be destructive of rule and social order to which so many statesmen of eminence give their names ? How can that be the instrument of a communistic levelling which counts amongst its members, men whose whole status is intimately bound up with ancient lineage, and heredity estate ? So speaks the vulgar world of " the profane," as it looks on, and admires the gorgeous pageants and the painted mask And so plausible and telling is this argument, that it would become cogent enough to be conclusive were it not patent, from documentary evidence first, that those who masquerade for us along the outer circle are kept in ignorance concerning tho hidden aims of the ruling few and secondly, that those aims are absolutely and radically subversive of those institutions on which the actors on the outer circle depend for their very life. They are dancing on a volcano which they are hiding from tho world, and do not know it :— ' In gallant trim the gilded vessel goes Youth on the prow and Pleasure at the helm ; Regardless of the sweeping whirlwind's sway That hushed in grim repose expects his evening prey î To meet in large assemblies to display a strange and gorgeous dress, to enact a number of mysterious rites, to practice occasional acts of general philanthropy and enjoy good fare and drink to ' Loyalty and Charity,' not only appear to be harmless amusements in themselves, but will be regarded with favour by society at large as tokens of union and good fellowship, and therefore, also, of stability and order. Such is tho superficial view of the busy world and of the uninitiated on tho outer circle who have not been sufficiently schooled in the principles of their own destruction to be trusted with more responsible offices than those which speak of convivial gatherings and general benevolence. So smiles tho outer mask as it displays itself to the profane in all the paraphernalia of authority, and all tho luxurious pride of class. But were you to remove it and strip the figures of their stage effects were you to penetrate from tho outer to the inner mind, something else besides conviviality, grips and gro- tesque costumes would be discovered. The sect, let us do it the justice to say so, is no mere shallow plaything used simply for turning grave and thoughtful men back into boys. The smiling cheek, the sunny eye and tho frank address, which front the outside world here are no longer needed. They make way for something more pro found and radical than surface polish and graceful manners. To the secret moves the ripple on the surface is simply something ludicrous, when proposed as an end in life ; for they are ever directed towards an achievement which im plies an altitude of audacity and ambition scarcely measurable by ordinary rule—an ambition which forever sleeplessly, amd with exhaustless patience, pushes towards its goal. And just as those who are set to play the outside game are kept ignorant of the secrets of the sect, so 'the profane world is deprived of all knowledge of them whatever by solemn oaths on tho part of each member of the craft. The impalpable wall which protects the set from the scrutiny,not to say tho vengeance, of tho general public is made up of tho following fearful oath, or oaths to the same effect :— "I swear in the name of the Supreme Architect of all worlds, never to reveal the secrets the signs the grips, the password the doctrines, or the customs of the sect and to preserve, with respect to them, an eternal silence I promise and swear to God never to betray any of them, either by writing, by word, or gesture never to cause them to be written, lithographed, or printed, never to make public anything of that which has now been confided to me or of that which shall be confided to me in future I pledge myself to this, and submit myself to the following penalties if I fail in keeping my word :—They may burn my lips with a red hot iron they may cut off my hand, they may pluck out my tongue, they may cut my throat, they may hang up my dead body in a lodge till tho admission of a new brother as a scourge for my faithlessness, and as a terrible warning to others Then they may burn it, and cast its ashes to the winds, to tho end that there may not remain a single trace of the memory of my treason So help me God and His Holy Gospel Amen ' Such is the abominable, and he would not hesitate to call it criminal oath, which we are assured is administered to those who are to be initiated into tho secret brotherhood The victim enters on his career by loading his soul with the fearful burden and responsibility of an cath binding him before God to a secrecy, the bearings of which he could not possibly define Designs of the most heinous wicked ness might be unfolded to him whilst thus his mouth is locked And he calls the King of Justice to witness that he will not bring the criminal to the bar or move his tongue to expose for the sake of general society, to which he owes it, the infernal machine which may be preparing for its destruction Well may those who stand on the outer edge and who may be gentlemen of unsullied honour, be kept in ignor- ance, though they may have been entrapped in the cage with its iron bars of a secret oath to God Well may they be allowed to rest until time, and the schooling of " modern thought, and the pressure of " advanced ideas " hive prepared them for another and then another revela- tion Well may the number of circles have been multi pled from three to over ninety, each inner one with another veil removed, and another abyss revealed accord- ing as the victim's mind has been seasoned to bear the shock. But let M Louis Blanc, who speaks with authority given to few, explain in his own authoritative language the disci plina arcani of the craft :— ' As tho three grades, ' he says (apprentice, companion, and master), "included a great number of men who were entirely opposed, by their station and principles, to all social subversion, the innovators multiplied the degrees of the mystic ladder which each had to climb, they treated fresh lodges reserved for ardent souls They instituted the higher grades of ' Elect,' 'Knight of the sun,' of ' Strict Observance,' and of 'Kadosch,' (or regenerated man), dark 1 sanctuaries, the doors of which were never opened to tho adept, till after a long series of trials calculated to prove his progress in revolutionary education to try the constancy of his faith and test the strength and metal of his character ' [ History of Ten Years ] " It pleased certain sovereigns, Frederick the Great amongst tho rest, to join the craft Why not ? The existence of tho higher grades being carefully concealed from them, they only know about it what could be revealed to them without danger They had no need to trouble their heads about it ; kept down as they are in the lower grades, where they only saw an opportunity of amusement, joyous banquets, principles taken up and laid down at the threshold of the lodges, formulas that had no reference to ordinary life in a word, only a comedy of equality But in these matters comedy borders closely on tragedy, and princes and nobles are brought to sanction with their names, and blindly to serve with their influence, tho latent enterprise directed against themselves." At time however, the sappers and miners belonging to the sect, in their anxiety to draw men of influence into tho inner circle forget their ordnary caution ; and produce a recoil which becomes very inconvenient. Frederick, Prince of Orange is a case in point. He was raised to a high position amongst tho Brotherhood in 1816. He was thought sufficiently advanced to be admitted to some small portion of tho hidden mysteries and aims But for once, the miners had mistaken their man The Prince, horror stricken at what he saw and heard, resigned his dignities, and boldly published his reasons for doing so to tho world " I am a Christian, and will ever remain one," he exclaimed and goes on to show how the birth, life, and death of our Divine Redeemer is treated as a legend, and made a mere parable and plaything of; and how the very ritual of tho craft is condemnatory of the divine character, as well as of the divine teaching of Christ and of His holy law Thus not only those who have been leaders and directors of the craft teach us that "behind thick curtains of secrecy " there are prime movers ever sleeplessly at work and that that work is one of radical revolution but the great ones of tho world also, corroborate their testimony to such an extent that, if they be permitted to get too near and see too clearly into the Hidden Spring, they withdraw with honor as men who have stepped, thinking it to be a flower, upon a rattle snake. Let us penetrate now into an inner though perhaps not an inmost circle Let us see how a ' Knight Kadosch" is made, who steps above the mere administrative order, and represents according to a high authority, tho ' essential complement' of this institution The victim, for that is the best and truest name for him, has to pass through four different apartments, and his pro fession and initiation is completed in tho last The first room is hung with black, and is lit by a single triangular lamp hung from the ceiling. It is in communi- cation with a cellar, a kind of cabnet of reflection where are found mingled together tho symbols of death, sorrow, and destruction The second apartment is draped in white. Two altars stand in the centre One is an urn full of sprits of wine, which fills tho room with its glaring light, and on the other altar burns fire in a brazier and incense by its side The third is lined with blue hangings The ceiling is adorned with stars and three, yellow wax candles lend to it a sombre and melancholy light In the fourth and last room is held the Supreme Council of tho Elders, tho Great Knights Kadosch It is hung round with red drapery, and lit by twelve yellow wax candles When he has passed through the three rooms with the usual ceremonial, the candidate is ushered into the fourth , and here he is made acquainted with the nature of the new obligations and engagements which he contracts Then he is made to go up and down a mysterious ladder, mid the emblem of his grade is placed in his hand This emblem has its hidden meaning: It consists of a cross with a three-headed serpent This emblem represents the evil which is said to have been introduced into the world by the three higher classes of society. On the head of one serpent a Royal crown is fixed which is representative of kings, emperors and civil rulers, on the second, a Tiara and St Peter's keys which is representative of the supernatural, and especially of tho Vicar of Christ on earth, and his authority to bind and loose, and tho third wears a sword, emblematic of military authority or executive power It now becomes the duty of the candidate to use his influence to destroy those three so called enemies of freedom and " modern thought ' As a pledge that he will not shirk his newly-imposed obligation of subverting religion and society, the candidate takes a dagger in his hand, and sharply cuts the three heads of the serpent, and then the crown, Tiara, aand sword fall to the ground " [Explanation of the Grade, by F Rapan ] Thus are men gradually conducted into the inner glooms Thus they are gradually seasoned and exercised, so as to be fit to bear without blinking, the rays of darkness pro- ceeding from the lampblack sun of the society. ' Dark ness mystery and an awful oath to pronounce ' say M Louis Blanc, " a secret to learn from each trial courageously borne a secret to keep under pain of execration and death, peculiar signs whereby the brothers recognise one another at the uttermost end of tho earth, ceremonies referring to a murder and seeming to hatch and foster ideas of vengeance —what more fit to form conspirators ?" Standing then, within the inner circle of Kadosch, let us apply the measure which we have already used upon Paganism and the Supernatural to this hidden empire within an empire this ethereal society within society, to this almost spiritual entity, which, with its invisible sappers and miners fixing their blasts in the keystone of tho world, like the dry rot in timber, leaves everything apparently untouched in its condition whilst it is all the while turning its strength to dust and powder, and pre paring for a great catastrophe unexpected in proportion as it is near First, the idea of God As the ordinal principle of the sect is " absolute toleration," the dogma of Divinity cannot be entertained For to insist on a Divine Per sonality or even on a General Providence would be, and is emphatically declared to be, "intolerantly sectarian,' and a direct uprooting of " liberty of conscience and free dom of opinion "'I affirm, exclaims a leader amongst the Brotherhood " I affirm that tho name of God is a word void of sense " "We must not only place ourselves,' exclaims a second " above different religions, but above all belief in any God whatever ! " 'It is only fools" cried out a third, " that speak and dream still of a God ! ' And, as if to crown the highest pinnacle of blasphemy and lunacy a fourth raving amongst his fellows, exclaims to them, ' We will be our own priests, and our own Gods ! " Now what is the teiching with regard to man ? The sect boldly and consciously inverts the Divine order of facts; or rather God being blotted out, the supernatural circle being swept clean away into space, the only material out of which a God can be made, is man. Hence " humanity ' is set up, and deified and worshipped "Our temple,' exclaims one of these 'modern thinkers," "our temples consecrated to the worship of humanity can as yet be open only to a few We should indeed expose ourselves to a charge of idolatry were we to attempt to personify the moral idea of humanity in the way in which the Divinity is usually personified. On this account therefore it is advisable not to reveal the cultus of humanity to the eyes of the uninitiated, until at length tho time shall come when from east to west, from north to south, this lofty conception of humanity shall find a place in every breast." Again : " We must live as Gods, exclaims another apostle of the future "The spirit which animates us," he continues," is an eternal spirit; it knows no division of time or individual existence. A sacred unity pervades and governs the wide firmament of heaven it is our one calling, our one duty, our one God' Yes, we are God ! We ourselves are God ! . . . Looking upon our spiritual nature, we men may be said to form part of the great whole, the great being of God The myths the legends, tho beliefs of benighted nations will all one day disappear before the consciousness that man himself is God. ' [" Secret warfare, ' p 229 ] Let statesmen look one moment at the logical consequence of this wild teaching, which goes by the name of " Modern Thought " and the outcome of which goes by the name of "Civilization and Modern Progress ' God being destroyed, if society exist at all, it must be governed without a Gid Here there is no longer any use talking about a separation between Church and state for if there is no God, there can be no Church to separate from God, and therefore the Supernatural, will be regarded by such authorities as remain, both as usurpers and imposters, which for this twofold reason, ought to be dethroned and crushed out of existence without delay The State thus becomes not merely separated from, but absolutely hostile to God and Christ, to all positive reve lation by book or otherwise, in a word, to tho whole circle of the Supernatural But since man's nature, how- ever depraved and drugged, clamours for a god of some kind, true or false, man himself is set on the pedestal to be his own divinity; and that there should be no jealousy, that all without exception might have in this divine nature some sort of participation, humanity is deified ; and being represented to the mind most forcibly by the State, the State becomes god, and hence, supreme ruler—or rather demoniacal tyrant over tho liberty of the subject, and the freedom of his conscience Thus, despots weave the web in which flies are caught : and the sapper and miner put down their tools, abandon their secret haunts and fix themselves on, and suck tho blood of the victims on which their eyes have been glaring from the first Thus good and evil, right and wrong, the eternal principles of justice, truth, holiness, love—which have no meaning when cut off from Gid their origin—become simply reek nigs and vapourings which can neither reward nor punish, praise nor blame, which possess no authority whatever, for they are but tho fumings and exhalations of that bit of phosphorus of which, it is said man's brain is made. Does not the figure and outline presented to us by " modern thought " retail that Paganism which the Supernatural confronted and chased into the darkness? Thus God being obliterated, and man being turned into God, what is the characteristic of tho Sect's teaching ? That of direct and fierce polemic against the Supernatural. Before erecting its fabric of socialism and communism combined, Materialism must cut away the heart of the Supernatural, and the ingrained traditions of tho human mind. The sect fixes savagely on one dogma as its own, whilst gnashing its teeth at all dogmas, it is this, viz., that absolute liberty and unlimited freedom to do, say, or think anything he likes,is the natural, unalienable right of every man. Hence this other doctrine, taught with noisy vio- lence, viz., that the sect is above all dogma, that it is anterior ad superior to all religion; that it is to 'give a new pulse to tho world, and that it, with its wonderful organization, may, and indeed will, eventually, replace the Christian Church. Doing thus, as it were, kept out of its birth-right by the Supernatural, the sect is ever launching its poison-tipped arrows at the heart of it, and exerts all its ingenuity to blacken its character, and lower its prestige in the estimation of the world. Thus, it describes the Supernatural as "a bastard religion," and its ministers as a set of men who have "undertaken to enslave all progress, stifle light, and destroy all liberty, in order to reign quietly over a brutalized population of igno- rant slaves." The sect, exclaims one of its chief orators should "carry the scapel into the very sanctuary of that blind faith which we have sucked from our mother's breast ... No tho revealed God does not exist'" " We must raise altar against altar," says another of these Apostles, " teaching against teaching We must fight, but fight with tho certainty of victory." " Our final object and aim " shouts another "is that of "Voltaire in the French Revolution,—the total annihilation for ever of Catholicity and all ideas of Christianity. Such a design as this is absolutely being attempted at this hour by some of tho more advanced confraternities Looking round themselves from tho centre of self, they can see neither hope before nor light behind them They preach tho eternal "unknown ' befire birth, which is simply to be followed by tho "eternal nothingness" after it. So completely have they extinguished tho deeper in- stincts of humanity which confess that ' Even from the tomb the voice of nature cries, Even in our ashes live their wonted fires ' To show how intensely they believe in their Materialistic creed, they enter into secret compacts one with the other to annihilate, so far a their influence is concerned, religion and all reference whatsoever to the supernatural They solemnly pledge one tho other never to have a child bap tized, never to celebrate a religious marriage, never to permit a clergyman to visit their homes in times of sick ness, never to open their doors to him in times of death, never to suffer tho remains to be brought within reach of his ministrations Thus the tenth Article of the Statutes says—"Lest the free thinker should be prevented at the moment of death by foreign influence from fulfilling his obligations towards the committee he will remit to three of tho brothers (to facili tate their mission in such case) a mandate of which there shall be at least three official copies, giving full authority to their brothers to protest loudly, if for any reason whatever his formal will and resolution should be disregarded to be buried without any kind of religious rite ['Le Munde Maconniqne,"tom ix ] ' He died without the assistance of anv minister of religion- "He departed faithful to his principles, and was buried without a priest ' -such are con sidered by their friends tho highest form of panegyric that can be pronounced over the remains of the departed and in tho ears of those they love, ' Only fool«, ex claims Zelle, who is an interpreter of this frame of mind, ' only fools ignorant and weak in understanding, dream still of God and the immortally of the soul ! [" Le Monde Macinnique, tom iv , page 654] Indeed, the sect in its fotmal apology for its principles, boldly declares that it ' teaches men how to be virtuous without the stimulus of hope or fear, independently alike of heaven or hell.' The sectary it says ' looks to no future reward he has received his recompense in tho present, and therewith he is content ' [The Attitude, &c; by E. Eckert, Leipsig, 1852] Thus it follows as a necessary consequence, to use tho expression of another craftsman, that ' as matters now stand the presence of tho Bible on our altars is an empty form From whatever point of view we regard the Bible, we do not hesitate to declare openly that in our reunions it is out of place once find for ever, since the doctrines of humanity now occupy the most prominent position and are taught as the best method of ameliorating tho condition of mankind" [See Almanack of the Sect, 1872 ] "Super- stition ' (that is Christianity and tho Mosaic law) says another high authority, " has hitherto been the mainstay of tyranny and deception by means of which princes and priests have drawn mankind into their net. Fear of a future life of an eternity of punishment has been a motive powerful enough to hold weak minds bowed down with the load of prejudices sucked in with their mother's milk, and to enervate the holiest spirits, rendering them incapable of any great action. This is the evil ot Christianity that it en- slaves minds to such a point that they are willing to endure any present suffering with the condoling hope of a life to come. On this account it becomes indispensable to under- mine the pillar which bears up such n structure of supersti- tion But as the number of those who yet fondly cling to the pious fictions of their childhood is very large, and tho roots of political and civil institutions strike deep in tho national soul, it is necessary to go cautiously to work. Here philosophy may take a useful hint from nature. As man is chiefly worked on through his passions these must be excited, and Christianity must be made ridiculous ere the dominion of faith can be overthrown in the heart Belief in revelation is a malady to which weak and pious minds are very subject it is an infectious epidemic, em- ployed over since the world began to effect the destruction of human liberty; it is alike incompatible with sound reason and true freedom; it is the parent of fanaticism and superstition" [Waarschuwing, vol xi ] Thus tho great Kalosch, as Burrnel says, is the soul of the sect, and tho final object of its plots is "the reintroduction of absolute liberty and equahty through the destruction of all royalty, and the abrogation of all religious worship [Memoires du Jacobinisme, vol. ii p, 322] But it is only where it can be done with comparative impunity that the sect dares to creep up into the open day- light its universal method is that of the mole, silent burrowing and secret operations whilst it patiently educates and trains the mind to receive step by step a fuller and fuller view of the entire materialistic creed whilst it administers a fearful oath under the most awful sanctions to stop all mouths, if it cannot stop all consciences Drop by drop the water falls, and the drop at length wears the stone away. And drop by drop the poison is set upon the brain and spreads, and society at length becomes fami liarised with, and treats with playfulness, almost with levity views of life which some time before would have sent a thrill of horror through its nerves Thus within tho visible society of man, there energises another invisible one mixed with it and yet apart from it, following it as a shadow, and as the air encompassing it round about, and with the steady pressure of gravitation drawing it to itself, and infusing into it together with the Zeit- geist, or subtle spirit of the age, it own more cor ivsive and deadly poison Thus it is that those moral explosions are produced which have from time to time sud- denly burst up in society. 'It is from the depth of your lodges, ' exclaims De Lamartine speaking to the sect, ' that the ideas have emanated, first in the dark, then in the twilight, and now in the full light of day, which have laid the foundations of the revolutions of 1789, 1830, and 1848! ' And he might have added, "which have been for years pre- paring the world for that reign of materialism which now stands so threatening in the future " Already has this secret net-work spread itself over the world, and interwoven itself with tho very meshes of society. " The sect," says Emile Grisar, ' possesses by its affiliations enormous resources." He represents it as "a robust body, a colossus with a thousand heads, with an hundred thousand arms ; tho great instrument of all social reforms, the laboratory of all new ideas, and the precursor of that democratic spirit which is advancing with giant strides. The number of our holy militia," he exclaims. " extends day by day ; our arms are multiplied, and very soon we shall be able to clasp the whole country in our embrace." [Neut, tom. i., p. 290.] So much for its strength; now as to its subtlety. "The greatest and wisest men," says one of the brotherhood, " have bestowed on our society a constitution which gives lasting proof of their sagacity. Shrouded in threefold night, we move among our adversaries, and unseen by them, acquaint ourselves of their weak ponits, thus acquiring the mastery over their mind and heart. We use their passions as wires, whereby without their being aware of tho fact, we set them in motion, compelling them to work in union with us, whilst they ignorautly imagine them- selves to be gratifying their own wishes It would be unwise to engage in open warfare; the spread of freedom of thought and independence of action is the surest means of undermining tho gigantic monument erected by ambition. Under tho very shadow of authority our members work the mighty tool committed to them." The sect, " great and terrible, "dogs your steps, spins out your proceedings, reads the thought of your inmost soul, watches you when you imagine yourself enveloped in impenetrable darkness. Its hidden and irresistible influence shatters your plans, its powerfnl arm wrests the dagger from your grasp. With your help, brethren," he continues," we will strike the chains which still bind the peoples of the earth." [See Wiener Journal für Freimauer Mas. for the Brethren, 2nd year, No. i., p C6.] Such are the character, methods, and aims of that elastic organisation, of that laboratory of the revolution, forming the centre-cell of the Materialistic cancer, which, from a hidden secret centre, pushes its horrid fangs and tenta- cles about the world. Its aim now stands out clear before us : it is nothing less than the utter destruction of the supernatural in every shape and form; and of civil socisty as at present constituted upon the broad frame- work of Christian revelation. It aims at Deicide, for it would annihilate God ; it aims at suicide, and that of the most criminal kind, for it would annihilate man's immor- tality. It contracts the whole vision of the soul to earth. That eye which used to seem to see ' The great world's altar stairs Slope thro' darkness up to God," now pierces through the obscurity in vain. Man, from being in freedom, finds himself in a cage, and in vain beats against its massive bars of matter. Materialism clips the wings of hope opens the heart to hunger, and leaves it to despair,and plucks out the eye of Faith. Humanity being enthroned in the place of God, like a brutal tyrant, quenches at once the torch of liberty, and erases the word " Free- dom " as an intelligible expression, from the vocabulary of nations. Earth rocks back to chaos, and the spirit is veiled in universal night, " Not pierceable by power of any star." Both Church and State have shown themselves alive to the possibilities of the future. Over and over has the State put its foot upon the sect as being a dangerous and revolutionary element of disorder and destruction. Over and over again has the Church exposed his character, and warned the world against it by her strong anathemas. The States-General of Holland proscribed it in 1735, and King Louis XVI., of France, in 1737. The Great Council of Berne did likewise in 1748. and it was totally suppressed in Bavaria in 1848. At Milan and in Venice it was dealt roughly with by the Civil Power in 1814; whilst at Modena, in Spain, Portugal, Prussia, and in the Russian Empire, it has been looked upon by those entrusted with authority as one of the great and growing perils of the age. Still, it has been, and it must be confessed, is gaining ground; and it would be difficult to find a ruler with sufficient boldness or personal courage at the present day, to bring his authority to bear for its destruction. Experience, and "what pays," implies a prin- ciple much used by diplomatists and states- men ; and they find it convenient to disregard, and at times to connive at, and occasionally to encourage, combinations and forces the strength and vindictiveness of which they cannot measure ; and the overt actions of which have not as yet forced themselves into any ugly prominence. The world is principally ruled by waiting, and by meeting con- tingencies as they present themselves, rather than by fore casting and preparing elaborate methods of aggression or defence against some possible enemy whose movements are still buried in the dark There is one power, however, whose especial vocation, whose vary profession in life it is to publish the truth, cost what it may to the world The Catholic church, tho Heart of the Supernatural, has from the first, through the mouths of her Sovereign Pontiffs, sent forth her light and warning—warning given in no uncertain voice with regard to this arch enemy of tho Supernatural She, if no other sees with eyes illuminated by her con tmual contact wuth what is beautiful and true the de fo m ty, the falsehood, the massive evil of that systom which is doing all it can to bring her down, and introduce a reign of universal darkness. Pope Clement X11 , sO far back as the eighteenth century denounced the sect as 'the open enemy of the Cathohe Church In the present century it has already been condemned by four Sovereign Pontiffs Pius "V II , Leo X11 , Gregory XVI, and tho reignmg Pope have, severally warned the world, and then openly and in its hearing and for its benefit and guidance anathematued and cursed this destructive principle of chaos and of death. Bishop Ketteler sums up the true attitude of the Church when he says -'There is then on tho one hand the Cathohoc Church, and on tho other the sect. Here the work of God, the work of Christ and all thrse who beleeve in Him, there the work of men, who deny God and his chrnst or at any rate abandon Him. A Catholic who joins the sect deserts the temple of the living God to work at the temple of an idol ' And such being the case what conclusion do we come to to-nigit ' Is it to abandon Chrnst crucified and adore instead one of two such malefactors as Paganism and Materialism ? Are we to choose what is more brutal than Barabbas in preference to the Saviour who redeemed us and prefer a murderer of all the high and holy things a destroyer of God and man, to that glorious revelation which having been given in the conscience is perfected in the Gospel, and leads as straight through life to death and from death to life again ? There can be but one unanimous reply To whom shall we go? Christ alone -and He has shown it in the contests or eighteen hundred years -has the words of. eternal life Christ shall rei^n Christ shall rule But how ? Not by our remaining listless and supine, but by our rousing ourselves and pushing back the advanclng darkness, by meeting the foe with determined boldness, and confronting him at every point and finally by sulju at ng him through the sheer force of that goodness, beauty and truth, which he altogether lacks Let us, let the people rouse themselves let none slink back let the whole circle of the Sucer na.nrsl, that great army which still looks up to the Supreme King of kings as its commander under His flaming banner led by His eye, directed by His intelligence and armed with a courage that comes from the Heart of the Eternal-advance against that Colossus with its thousand heads and hundred thousand arms which, looming in the distance, promises to take captive and enslave the future generations of mankind ' A.11 in a moment thronen the irloom were seen, Ten thousand banners rise into the air, M ith orient colours waving \v Ith them rose A forest huge of spears and thronging Selma Appeir"c1, and serried shields, In thick array, Of depth immeasurable " True, the enemy is many and is powerful, still we need feel no craven fear, though it is n. ht to feel anxiety The-re is One but only One, who is stronger than man, and can tike him with all hia fier e passions captive, can laj all his tanners lo.v, and eau e his shield to fall, and his spear to drop useless by his side Though 1 The million with fierce tong and maniac dance Did rage around " He, who coveted tho haughty Roman and softened the heart of tho fierce barbarian. He who has already shown on an imperial scale how he can subjugate pride and pass on to Himself, would not shorten His arm and leave us to be overcome, acd then to perish. Society has it in ita own hands whether it will be saved or not He will not bo wanting to it, if it is pot wanting to itself How tnen, shall the enemy ho encountered ' First, what is the hide on spring of his sjecesa, of the future force or u atenah m tak ng it in its widest a gmfication ? and eccondh, what is its main weapon of offence? and finally what stall society, and we, who belong to the very heart of the supernatural do to meet its coming mest efectually It we can only discover tho true answers to these questions and do what they impose upon us, and that with all our might, then these words will not have been spoken in vain IV -The hidden spring of materialism is pride of reason, which, before man was made, ' With ambitious aim Against he throne and monarchy of God Raised impious war In Heaven, and battle proud, With vain attempt." The hidden spring of all things and the measure of them is filched from God the sole origin of every created form, and the archetype of their perfection, and is fixed in the logical faculty of man This hidden spring finds its most congenial environment and exercises its fullest ex pansion in the unapproachable recesses of the sect ; and being made Supreme Arbiter and Absolute Dictator in the universe, its fiats become law, and its decision final The whole supernatural, tested by its arbitrary canon, melts into space and the only residuum of existences is com pared in a repetition of molecules and cells such as are detected or imagined by the scientific intellect assisted by such appliances as modern ingenuity provides. Whilst Paganism, through the massive power of the passions, poisoned man's imagination and humbled him to the dust ; making him bow down before the counterparts of his own passions to worship them ; materialism, deliberately and in old blood proceeds to take the Almighty God off His Throne and, through the force of human reason acting or arbitrary principles, raises up "humanity ' to fill the vacant place. Having been enamoured with an empty declination of himself man declares that he himself is God, and that the other Gods or Saviours of humanity all other essences of progress and perfectibility, are but so many figments of pious minds, or scare crows set up by priests and princes to keep the world off its rightful heritage of universal liberty and unlimited equality. Man's unassisted reason and the products of it are to rule and direct the destinies of the race His career is measured from end to end, from the womb to the tomb, by his earthly consciousness As for him there was no past before he was born, so there will be no future after he is dead. This span comprising his whole career, man must make all he can out of it; strain from it the greatest quantity of pleasure for himself and others; and spend his days in developing such capabilities as may increase the happiness of those who will take his place after he has falien back into that general humanity, that broad shadow, out of which he came. Man comes back to Paganism simply with an exchange of gods, and with a deeper development of human pride. That great Centre- Heart of the Supernatural, which " came eighteen hundred years ago into the world, which is an earnest and har- binger of solution of moral problems; which has banished from the earth, or frightened into the darkness, many of the foulest monsters that laid waste humanity ; which has restored woman to her place in the natural order, which has set up the law of right against the rule of force, which has proclaimed, and in many great particulars, enforced, the canon of mutual love, which has opened from within the sources of strength for poverty and weakness, and put a bit in the mouth and a bridle on the neck of pride,"—tho great centre-heart of the supernatural which has done all this, is therefore simply scoffed at and trampled on ; its leaders being declaimed against as tyrants and usurpers ; and its doctrines compared to so many metaphysical cobwebs spun in a dark and superstitious age for the entanglement and capture of man's reason. With an arrogance not without its thread of satanic pride in it,materialism undertakes, by the action of its hidden spring, to clear this away, and pro- vide for us, not only something better, but something which will meat and satisfy, as his never been done before, the cravings of humanity, and the wants of the human soul. Such is materialism's aim, such its steady purpose, and such its hidden spring. Now, what plan does it propose to itself in its campaign against the Supernatural ? How does Materialism pro pose to effect this ambitious purpose ? By driving the Supernatural and its principles out of all minds, and by replacing it with its own theories and philosophies of pro- gression ; by destroying its Hidden Spring and replacing it by another. How does it aim at effecting this ? Its plan will come out more clearly by watching the action of its heart. What is the action of the sect ? What are its instruments and methods ? Its great struggle and patent aim is to educate the intellect of humanity and to take possession of its reason. The field of its operations is as wide as the human family itself. It adopts every instru- ment (it matters not how humble) to promote its ends, which promises in any way to act as a lever on the mind. Its ambition soars to the highest class and the foremost intellects, and embraces all ages and conditions, from the philosopher to tha artizan, from the statesman and civil ruler to the roughs in a country town. 'The pen and the tongue are its two main engines. And it strives with sleepless energy to enlist in its service those who can work them with most powerful effect ; thus by degrees, by bringing an equal universal pressure to bear upon the great brain of humanity, to mould it according to its will. It aims then at the universal education of all classes according to one distinct philosophy ; and, by means of its network spread abroad with its invisible centres and attractions, it seems to be gradually influencing the human consciousness towards its own methods, and its impossible ambitions. These tactics show themselves most unmistakably in the burning question of the education of the rising gene- ration. The large world of men can be practised on with- out creating much suspicion, but, if Materialism is to get possession of the world's youth, it knows tha it must fight for that possession, and hence, whether it will or no, exhibit the cloven foot. Here again it comes in direct clash with the Supernatural, and especially with its centre head, the Catholic Church. On this plain,openly, the battle must be, and is being, fought. It is such a battle- ground as opens out to tho lookers-on the battalions and squadrons of the opposing hosts. Those who before were wavering, who hardly knew to which banner they belonged, now have to choose sides once for all ; to determine by which of the two Hidden Springs they will be influenced, and in which direction, so far as they are concerned, the future courses of the world shall run. See for a moment the tactics of the sect. "The teaching of Catholicism," it says, " is the greatest obstacle to the development of a child's faculties. The in tervention of a priest in education deprives the child of all moral, logical, and rational teaching. '-[" Journal du Bruxelles," November 28, 1864.] Again: "Faith in God takes away the dignity of man, troubles his reason, and may lead to the abandonment of morality." Once more : " The principle of a supernatural authority, that is to say, faith in God, takes away th* dignity of man, and is even likely to lead him to the abandonment of all morality . The respect we owe especially to the mind of a child forbids us to incul- cate doctrines which might trouble his reason " [Le Monde Maçonnique, August, 1867, pp 196-7 ] Tho sect, exclaims one of its apostles, speaking in reference to his own practice, "ought to be, and is, only a school of morality independent of all religious dogmas . . I have myself, he continues,' brought up children, but I have never lied to them Each time that they have asked me, ' What was meant by God?' I have answered, ' I know nothing about it.' It is thus I have acted with men ' [Ibid.] Such are tho logical consequences of the Materialistic principle, and of the action of its Hidden Spring operating from within the environment of the sect Such being the principle, how can it be brought to bear with the most effect? By means of an organized activity which shall propose as its exclusive object the futherance of such an aim The influence of an organization like this has been appraised at its true value by the sect. Active, resolute intelligent daring, it has put to shame those whom it opposes by the energy, resource and determination of its efforts after the realization of its dreams. It has all the spring and elasticity of a great ambition, and all the bold ness and self-confidence of a newly made idea The enthusiasm of an apostolate which looks to change the world into a paradise of its own seems to animate this energetic body, and the general supineness or numbness which it has already produced in the public mind, together with the want of dash in its antagonists, seems to it at least to hold out prospects of future victory Boldly like some reckless buccaneer, it has run up the black flag in the presence of the whole fleet of the Supernatural and whether we will it or will it not, the engagement must be fought. Thus the " Education League established in Belgium, with the direct object of driving the Super- natural out of education and introducing Materialism into it spread like a fire through Europe, and beyond it when once its general aim became known amongst tho sect The League in one nation shakes hands, fraternizes with and encourages the League in another From Belgium this organization spread to France, where it was taken up with enthusiasm by those who had been schooled in the prin- ciples of the ' Knight Kalosch ' and from France it has been extending itself to other portions of the world Its ' watchword or war-cry is " Universal Secular, Free and Compulsory Education for all classes of society " It re- ceives its inspiration from, and is directed by the sect, which lets slip no opportunity to forward its interests, and to identify itself with its operations, bearing ever steadily in view its one ultimate object, the universal destruction of the Supernatural and the universal reign of Materialism in its place Filled with this spirit of mutual help this convention of the sect in France in 1870, declared to the world in its leading organ that it would "Associate itself with the efforts made in other countries to compel the establishment of free compulsory, and secular education " [' Le Monde Maçonnique May 1870 p 202] In proportion as society has appeared ripe for the intro- duction of this machinery for the universal diffusion of materialism and the blotting out of God and Christ it has been pushed boldly upon the people but where the Hidden Spring of the Supernatural has been too strong the sectaries have displayed the wisdom of biding their time, and have refrained from horrifying the public conscience whilst gradually undermining it. The sect is ever content to wait, as it is never sleeping It is satisfied with inserting quietly, and with tenderest gentleness the thin end of the wedge and is prepared if necessary to let it bide there for years, without giving it a single blow. Countries might at this hour be pointed out where, in their different gradations—as in the manufactory of firearms— different people are, some nearer so the further off their final finish their complete education in the Materialistic mode of life And with all and each of these the sect and its hundred thousand arms are steadily at work pushing all on in their various degrees towards the consummation of their so called perfectibility The ultimate effect produced by the Hidden Spring of Materialism is, necessarily and of its essence, Voltarian and Anarchical. Where it can do so without fear of shocking prejudice the sect boldly steps forward and, with a smile, fraternizes and shakes hands with—nay indeed embraces—first that infidel Vol taire, and then Rousseau that father of revolu- tion Its principal organ established to teach the world that it is the source of religion and government and the Supernatural the parent of tyranny and superstition— thus addresses its subscribers :— " We are happy to announce, ' it says ' that the subscrip- tions for the Education League and the status of Brother Voltaire meet with the warmest sympathy in all our lodges. It would be impossible to have two subscriptions more in harmony with each other ; Voltaire, that is to say the de- struction of all prejudice and superstition; and the Educa- tion League that is to say, the building up of a new society based on science and instruction alone. Here then stands out in all us nakedness the ultimate aim of materialism and of the sect They would substi tute for the preent educational machinery of the world one radically subversive of its aim. They would have all education, from the highest to the lowest culture, embracing women as well as men, turned into an instrument to carry out one end. They would starve the supernatural out of the mind of man : and expunge the very notion of a Lawgiver, Judge, or Rewarder, of the immortality of the soul, sin, penance, supernatural love, Christ, heaven, hell, from education. They would crib and cabin man in the narrow prison-house of this little earth ; and contract his career, limit his hones and fears to the city out of which he is said to grow. Thus, man would begin to feel life to be a living death, and pass his time waiting as resignedly as he could for annihilation. Existence would be shorn of all its charms, and death, which had been robbed of half its fears, would return with all its terrors. Thus, to be born would become a greatrr calamity than to die : and the highest im- pulses of man so many arrows tipped with poison to pene trate his heart. All the deep tenderness of the affec- tions would be bathed in a sea of bitterness; and the very yearnings of the spirit, all its up strivings, would simply render man a type or pattern of collapse ; an energy ever striving and ever failing, and unlike anything else in nature, the only being falling short of all its promise. Thus does the Hidden Spring of Materialism reduce man to that "slime" out of which God took him, before He breathed in his face the breath of life. "Remember man that thou art dust, and nothing but dust," cries the High Priest of the new religion with- out God or Christ, " and unto dust thou shalt return never to rise from dust again !" Such is the outcome of " modern thought," such the fruit of "advanced ideas ; ' such the ultimate analysis of that schema of " progress " and "modern civilisation" which the Heart of the Super- natural, the Catholic Church has anathematized with all the thunders of the Vatican. It may serve a controversial purpose to confuse men's minds, and to make out that the Church condemns legitimate progress, true civilization, and modern ideas—though they be sound; but thoughtful men are not to be thus deceived ; what she condemns, and will ever battle against, and that with all her intellectual might, is not the good but the evil, not the light but the darkness, which loves to mix up and identify itself with the true interests of humanity. It is evil of all kinds that she is ever combating and endea- vouring to destroy. Her eyes sees the line of demarcation ; her hand knows where and when to strike : and being pro- tected in her mission, she swoops down, as with a two-edged sword, upon tho loathsome monster of Materialism, how- ever skilfully disguised in the draperies of an angel. Is it not to the interest, the essential interest of the whole circle of the Supernatural that supernaturalism should be victori- ous ? Should not each Denomination, in its place, do its share in the battle, and bring out such artillery as it is possessed of to keep in check the advancing, common enemy of God and man ? What shall we, what shall society do to meet most effec- tually the coming danger ? The way to meet it most effectually is, first, to realize the momentous interests that are at stake—the eternal interests of millions of immortal souls; and, seoondly, to adopt means for pushing back the advancing tide, such as will be adequate to the task imposed upon them To limit the contest to the narrow circle of the school question would be to show but a slight appreciation of the universal nature of the danger, and the ubiquitous presence of the enemy. The battle, if it is to be won by the Supernatural against Materialism, will have to be fought out, not merely in the Church and in the schools, but on the broad platform of the world. The great secular world of men—men who in one way or other belong to one or other of the circles of which the Supernatural is "com- posed—must be roused to a sense of their duty, their responsibility, and their danger. The statesman, the politician, the magistrate, the lawyer, the physician, the soldier, men in the Civil Service of their country, all these have they not friends or families, those whom they love dearer than themselves ? The journalist, the literary, the scientific man, men of the leisured reading class,—are they not living in thousands in the world with their private circles and their social interests ? Is this great army to remain idle, und to allow those who depend on them for life, peace, and happiness to find them- selves presently surrounded by a world of new ideas, where God, and Christ, and all those thoughts of the future which bring heaven into a household, are looked upon as so many old wives' tales ? How it it that they are not prepared to exert themselves in defending tho best interests of their hearths and homes ? How is it that they do not see the cloud of locusts swarming in the distance and threatening to devour every living and green thing — everything that has any spiritual life or beauty in it ? Will their homes, their own hearts, be happier or brighter when "humanity" takes the place of God, and heartless logic, which has to borrow all its principle, is set up in the place of Christ and the Supernatural ? Will they weep the less when those who are falling into decay assure them that death will separate them for ever, and that there is no place of future bliss where friends meet again and where sorrow and mourning cease? Cannot men see their own advantage ? Men of the world who are so shrewd in other things, are they blinded here, where the sight of their eyes is most required ? As the State is founded on the family, so the lever which moves the one will move the other. If the man of the world sees, first that it is to his own personal advantage, and then to the interest of his family, to preserve the Supernatural, . he will carry the conviction with him wherever he goes ; it will become a motive power in his life ; and whatever his intellect touches, to which it can be referred, will be influenced by it. The journalist will, instead of writing flippant articles against religion, use his best intellect to defend supernatural truth as the noblest and highest in- fluence in a difficult and sinful day; the publicist will become serious and logical when matters of the other world have to be treated of ; for he will feel that it is his paramount duty to add all he can to the strength and influence of the Supernatural. The civil ruler and the statesman will use their high position "id their many opportunités, for establishing tho regulating and ruling principles of a Christian government wherever they have a chance, and for repressing and ostracising these antagonistic influences which deprive order of its highest sanctions and sow the seed of anarchy and confusion They will be moulded by tho double pressure of domestic interest on tho one hand and of public benefit on tho other, being persuaded that they cannot serve man, or the society in which he lives, more effectually than by doing then yon uttermost to consolidate by tongue and pen, by example and influence, the governing principles of the Supernatural. Then that which is found worthy of so much attention amongst statesmen and the distributors of power and patronage will speedily become a motto of interest also with philosophers, publicist , and thinkers. Men of science would engage their attention with tho problems of Christianity, and learned works would issue from the press defending tho fundamentals of religion, and castigating with, inexorable logic and overpowering analysis those plausible writers who otherwise would first have tickled tho public ear, and then have impressed the public intellect If thus those great forces which go in the aggropate to form the thinking or public opinion of tho world, weer to arouse themselves to secure then true interost, we should speedilx be conscious of an influence pervading society like nn ulm ophel« form ng tho tone of thought, and moulding the public mind accoiding to Christian principles and Christian models. Tho revohitioniiry ideas and thernes of the sect would fall uron barren or unconpentnl ground, and would be unable to take root Tho public ear would be tuned to a different harmony and materialism would be looked upon in its true colour, as tho infatuation of a heated brain acted upon by a proud ungodly spirit When once the world's mind is fairly made up upon a point, every thing else follows If the perils of the future aro to bo met succesfiillv, much of tho world's thinking must be undone Truth, when it has once got hold if tho intellect of humanity is with difficulty driven out; but fortunately, not so with error Error, of its natmre is transient. Therefore though tho symptoms of Materialism were strongly developed, it would still be possible to apply an antidote But to be effectual it should be administered by the leaders of thought and action ; and by those in whose power it is, on account of their position to mould tho opinions of the society in which they live Single men, ere now, have turned the whole current of thought in their own direction, and may be said to have given an impetus which continued energizing long after they were dead What one man has done, many men may do, who combine to do it and if the sect through organization personal energy, and individual tulent, is strong enough to move to their founda- tions, by means of rampant error, tho very corner-stones of the Supernatural ; surely a com- bination of Christian gentlemen, were they only in earnest could, by means of tongue and pen, of public and private influence, urge back tho growing tendency towards Materialism, and give a new and forward push to those principles which claim tho Supernatural as their own Men deeply in earnest, and personally possessed by a vivid faith, by liove and purity, would ever overmatch in any intellectual or moral contest the advocates of Materialism in their canvass for the suffrages of tho world. Ï Were auch a turn givon to the public opinion of tho bfgun 'r° difficulty i¿ perfecting the work Statesmen would then perceive that religion, that ia tho Ä.~ 1 ' "A * 'T betî?r inâtr,J«''ent for tho preservation of peace and order than all tho police, volunteers, and artil liary in the world. They would look upon a religious train ing for youth as the best method of turning out honest, orderly, and useful citizens. Hence it would follow that tho State, deriving such evident udvantage from the great cicle of tho Supernatural, would suppoit, according to a given scale, every school in which the Supernatural should be taught. It would encourage tho Church and the Denominations to do all m their power to ground tho rising generation very profoundly in those truths of tho super natural circle which they respectively hold. Eech Denomination having its own echoul, arad each Denomi- nation lojoivnig an equal and justh-divided assistance jn its work;-iw, things would inevitably follow; lit a, .that that groat body of truth contained within the chelea ot the supernatural, and which tends so much to mould men s minds to purity, honesty, and courage would be, more than evor before, brought into immediate contact xvifh tho intelligence of tho rising generation; and thus would arise a mora profoundly supernatural peoDle ; and, secondly, that soieness and bitternois, which is tlio inevit- able lesult of trying to make oue Rheo fit every kind of loot-ot trying to foica your own favourite system ot education upon people who do not want it, as woll'as on tho.so who do, would bo wholly done away with ; and each circle of the Supornatural would jealously maintain that body of Christian und Godlv doctrino which had boon pre- served to it amidst tho rough conflict of human interest and opiuiou. I _ TU.it the Chtiroh and all those systems which profess to impart religious truth would do their utmost to preserve the treasures of Revelation, and to wedge them deep in tho minds of their respective peoples, stands to reason, for to do this is their very raison d'etre. Still all could exert a larger share of energy, nnd do moro than in the past to strengthen and consolidate those guiding beliefs which aro founded in tho very constitution of human nature. The existence of God, His attributes, His character as Judge and rewarder; the Immortality of the Soul ; Heaven, Hell, the Incarnation, Sin, Grace, and Providence-there are in- numerable truths, besides those Written in the Book and witnossed to by tradition, which serve as a sort of specific ngoimtthe radical change that Materialism would bring about, and that lead of themselves, if not to higher, at least to more subtle truths, with which they are immediately connected. If in this way the great lay world were to perceive tho perils of tho future, and were to mould into shape a more believing public opinion ; if this public opinion were brought to bear on Parliaments and Legislatures ; if Parliaments and Legislatures, seeiing tho power of the Supernatural as a peace-preserver and citizen-maker, were to give fair play Ito tho Supernatural in every school, and to assist each circle according to some equitable scheme ; forces and renewed energies were brought to bear upon society at large, then there would be a fair chance of beating back Materialism, of breaking its Hidden Spring which aims at the destruction of society ; and of society itself tending day by day, more and more, towards the complectjin of its knowledge, towards such on appreciation of the beauty, place of being satisfied with an obscured ray, not to be con- tent till it had possessed us its very own the full orb of heavenly truth, the entire revelation of Jesus Christ as presented to view in the theology of the Church, or its im paited to the world through the protocol voice of an in fallible Interpreter. One thing is inevitable, men cannot, bide on the slope, on the incline; they must and will eventually, if they follow the laws of logic—a thing not always done as a matter of fact- either finish by becoming Materialists without God or Christ in the world: or by be coming Catholics with the full revelation of our Saviour on this principle that, if half a loaf is better than no bread, a whole loaf is better than half a loaf. If it is worth while holding fragments of religious truth, it is tainly worth while embracing all religious truth. The Hidden Spring of the Supernatural is as much the basis of the whole of Revelation, as of a portion of it: the Hidden Spring of Materialism is as much the principal of the denial of tho whole Revelation as of one isolated truth. It God is tho Authority, we must be Catholics ; if man, we must be Materialists.' If there be any one doubt- ing here to-night, let him make his choice; and let that choice be, to cling to his last end, to God, to Christ, under tho protecting influence of the Catholic Church. "Hail, Son of God, Saviour of men! Thy name shall be tho copious mutter of my sonir Hi-nceloi th, and net i>r shall my iinip Thy piai-e Forget, nor from Thy I'atUcr'k'piaUL' disjoin !" \- The lecture: was libtoucd to m.ost attentively throughout by the vust audit nee : and Dr. Vaughan* wa» wiíruuy cheered in many of the isi8->a.gfs. When the applumio which greeted the Iocturor at iho close had subsided, Sir JÜHX O'Su.vs \&>\ io--am d.t cheers, und pioposed a vote uf thanks to Dr. Vaughan tor tho lo'.turo.which they had h?ard with .so much pleasure nud out hiis.a'm. It was uot in his power as a layman buddcnlv lictoniug to Buch a lecture to express in words his deop appreciation of what they hud heard. It noeded no great depth ot observation to foretej that in any struggle such as that foreshadowed his Giaco could call upon those around him for their aid. (Cheers.) He bolioved that Dr. Vaughsn was aiopreciated not only by Catholics, but iilso by Protostunis. His lecture to-night was n ,t the mere language of an archbishop, but exhibited deep thoughts of government, and deep thoughts for the good of bucietv, aB well as for tho salvation of those >ver whom ho was called to pi\ side. (Cheois.) Mr. W. DUNCAN' seconded the vote of thanks, and ex- pressed the hope that so usulul a lecture should bo printed and dislributad among all classes of society. Even those who differed from them ia religion, if thoy sutv Christianity in a ceituin measure in danger, would join with them in tho endeavour to put down this frightful evil. , The vote of thanks was passed amidst cheering. Dr. VAUGH.VN acknowledged the compliment and the proceedings terminated. ALCOHOLIC AND NON-ALCOHOLIC STIMULANTS. -Dr. Drewrv, in his "Notes on Food and its Effects," says :-'At the present time scientific opinion is 'divided as to whether stimulants are to be properly classed as fosds or not. In this regard the much larger series of stimulants denominated alcoholic is that alone which is generally alluded to. As vet, the food value of alcoholic fluids is by no means ex- haustively determined, and although I incline to the opinion that the important part played bj' alcoholic fluids in the process of nutrition must be sooner or later generally admitted, still the food value attributed to the so-called non-alcoholic stimulants, tea, coffee, and cocoa, has been frequently over-rated. Without attributing to each of those articles the power of injury -which the ignorant and excessive use of the first two indubitably entails if frcm no other point of view than that a larger attention has been devoted to the subject of cocoa, in these chapters, it must he recorded in favour of that article that no evidence at preent exists of its having caused nervous irritabilitj', and deterioratictn of tissue consequent upon that state, ?which have followed as certainly upon the misuse of Ma as upon that of opium or ardent spirit-;. 