AFFECTION AND SAGACITY OF AN ELEPHANT. -There have been many incident* related of the lov manifested towards each other by the brute creatioc bub none more striking and illustrative of that love thai one that occurred on June 2,1876, under the canvas o ftlessr». Bailey and Co 's Oircus, Galesburgb, Illinois All who visited the ehow or witnessed the stree parade, will remember tho huge old elephant Betsey that marched with a venerable tread through thi stieets and around the ring. Betsey is supposed to bi I at least seventy-five years old, and for sixteen years hai I been in this country. She waB brought from England and with her oame » dog, a crogs between an Euglisl setter and a spaniel, and for these sixteen years the doj and the elephant have been inseparable. Througl every State in the Union, by rail and on foot, these two fast friends have travelled, and in sickness and it health they have been all in al) to each other. Ai Knoxville, Iowa, the doir, a few days since, waB acci> I dentally run over by one of the waggons, and on« ol his legs broken. The elephant appeared fco sympathise 1 wi'-h tho dog in its distress, and was only satisfied when tho dog waB in sight, whore she could fondle it with j her trunk, and caress it. Yesterday afternoon poor Oarlo wns compelled to pay the debt of natura. His age was too great, his years too many, to allow of his recovery, and in the presence of his long tried elephan- tine friend, ho yielded up the ghost. Tho elephant ap- peared to realise that her pet was dead, and groaned in a really affecting manner. The canvatmian of the show took the dead caroass and carefully sewed it in canvas, and a grave was dug npar the ring. At fivo o'clock a funeral procession was formed ; first came Betsey carrying tho dead dog tenderly in her trunk, followed hy tho four other elephants, all seeming to realise that they were about to deposit in the earth a long tried friend. Following the elephants were nil tho mon connected with the show. The band played a dirge, and after marcbiag twice around the ring Betsey carefully deposited the body of tho dead Oarlo in the grave, and the fivo elephants knelt, while Betsey, with her trunk, filled the grave with earth, and the last words were spoken. During the entire evening Betsey seemed mourniug for tho clog, and when asked where Oarlo was, she would raise her ears and give uttcrauce ton mournful souud, proving that she felt the patti of parting During the grand march at the commence meut of the evening's performance Betsey, as she came to tho «rave, skinned, and with her trunk nulled un the stake that had been placed at the head of the grave and threw it away. Ohnrles Warner, bettor known in show circles as "Alligator Charlie," who haB lmcl I charge of the elephants for years, relates many inci j dents of the clog and elephant, proving their love for j each other. Ho Bays that often when the elephant ( would refuse to crosn a bridge all that was necessary ! for him to do waB to take the dog across, pinch his oars HO as to make him howl, aud tho elephant would at once rush to his nssirtanre. The scene at the funeral was very affecting, and will long be remembered by all who witnessed it. The whole affair proves that ele- phants, SB well as human beings, are capable of Bonow ful feelinga,-Illinois Republican Register. 