The Mystery of the Tall Grey Man. Castlegar is a plain but sub 8 tantiallookmg house, a' £andin tve.ll-wooded p- Arkon the bankg of lbe Shannon. Somehow jj ug h Macdermott, the Cwner of C; iStlegar, managed to live. From the ]• JWy ergj w ho were eternally bothering ab 0 ut mortgages and bills, lie. managed to extract something ; and trhen his money failed him, he used his C edit. ' {llt ' .he style of the former Macdertnotts \ pag a thing of the past. Castlev ras 110 longer the haunt of gay fequm f a j r ladies, and dashing officers. ended with Prince. Roderick, Ku ,h's father ; and so too did all hopes restoring the property to the fai nily. If was the dream of Hugh Macdertt lott's life that his daughter should * Make a grand ma'ch, and retrieve the /all en fortunes of the family. Such breams have been the solace of many tfaf hers with encumbered estates and pretty daughters. But Rosie Macdermott, at nineteen, took it into her C'larining head to fall in love with the heir of the Martins of Martinmount, a family as venerable, proud, and poor as tier own. Martinmount was on the side of the river, and Barry Martin used to row «3ro93 the stream oftener than there wan any real necessity. The two families were not particularly good friends, and Hugh Macdermott was Jiot over-fund of the son of the man fc-ho had been his successful rival at fich'wl, at college, and in love. But Rosie and Barry were not at all concerned at the coM glances and studied |>oiiteness which greeted the young man on his daily visits. They were too fnuch occnpied with each other to heed whether Hugh Macdermott waa civil or not. But one day the old man, standing at Lirj window, saw Barry Martin put hia firm round Mias Rosie's waist, and then the storm, which had been gathering for some time, burst in full furv. "Go and tell M193 Rosie I want her," (Raid he to the butler, "and say to Mr. B .r. y Martin I'll be glad of a few Iviiiiutes' conversation with him in my fctudv." MisH Rosie received Roger's message vith a very bad grace, and Barry Merlin with some misgivings ; but thr.y l)>il] followed the servant at once, for H ugh Macdermott was not a man to be tiifl-d with. "Go up-stairs, Rosie, to your room, end don't come down till I send for you; do you hear me ? Go." And then ber father entered the Sfudy where Barry, with a show of carelessness, was trying the condition of a double-barrelled gun. "liarry Martin," Hugh Macdermott l)Pg«n, in an awful voice, and thumping the floor with his stick, "how dare you come making love to my daughter wiihout my permission F Do you •uppose you are a proper person to marry the last of the Macdermotte, and lieiresH of Castlegar ? My daughjer with her beauty, and cleverness, and . family, might marry a duke ; as it is, I ^he is to marry a baronet. Do you lj ear that Barry Martin ?—a baronet iv itb five thousand a year 1 Now, sir. la ke yourself out of my house, and off tn\ premises. I give you tea minutes to u 'o it, and never more let me see ur lieai ' of you showing your face at C,»st 'egar ; and if I learn that you attemp \ to see or speak to Miss Macdermott, I'll thrash you to within an inch of you r life!" and the stick came down ibea\ih, r - "Bui , Rosie " "Don 't dare to answer me, sir. It's Ji Dreity piece of business if a man can't do what 1 ifc likes with his owndaughter; and you n tell Mrs. Martin that I've had my ti wn ;" and the Macdermott laughed sai "eastically. Barry let t ihe room and the house, scarcely knt wing what he did, He. "Was in atowi 'ring rage, but the Martins Ave re a famil J who had always the happy faculty of keeping their tempers Veil in hand, and he knew that to answer the old 1 would only snake his chances of e\ seeing Rosie again fewer than ever. So heheld his speech, nnd went home vc Mft-ing to have revenge in some shape of onfaer, even though he was Rosie's fath After Rosie had f. rranged her unrulv locks to her s^tisf* elion, and subsfitu le a fresh colbu" for the rather crumpled one she wore, she went to the •window of her room ;*nd looked out. The room was over the ball, and commanded about the best view in the house of the river, and the country beyond. "Dead old Castlegar, how lovely it is 1 1 dont't believe there is a prettier pla^e in the world. Good^ gracious ! liarry is going, and he promised to stay for luncheon, and ride with me afterwards. What on earth can he mean ?" ami raising her window she put out her head, and called, "Barrv!" But he was already a good wav down the avenu>', and too angry to hear, even if he had been near enough. Well, I'll pay him off for this," Rosie said, as the luncheon-bell rang, and she ran lightly down- stairs. "Didn't I tell you to stay in your room till I sent for you ?"' her father said as she entered. "Yes, papa, but I'm so hnngry," sh. answered, taking her place at the head ofth". table, I really couldn't wait. Where's Barry Martin ?" "Rosie, if you have any regard for your life, don't mention that name in my hearing again. I saw him today— I till you I saw liim—you may well blush—and I turned him out of thi house in a way he won't forget. The idea of a Martin wanting to marry a Macdermott !"' and the stick was violently shaken. "Look here, Rosie. I had a letter to-day from on old friend of mine. He says he is coming 1 to see us, and I mean j-ou to marry him. He's a baronet, and has five thousand a year." "How old is he, papa ?" Miss Macdermott asked calmly, looking at her father. "How do I know ? His name is'Sir Rupert Starewell, and he is a gentleman) I esteem very highly. He 13 the man I intend to be your husband, miss, so look to how you treat him," the Macdermott replied in & terrible voice. "When iB Sir Rupert coming pa?" she asked. "To morrow, or next day at the latest, ho you have not much time to spare if you mean to have a place ready for him to sleep in." "Oh, I'll put hiin in the red room," Ro sie answered calmly. "So I'm to be Lady Starewell. Not so bad for Miss Macdermott. Don't you fear, papa. I'll have Sir Rupert if he asks me." I thought you were a sensible girl. I'm glad to find Vou look at the m»*ter from a reasonable doint of view. Kis.-i me, my dear. If I ain rather cross, it's for your good. There's no fear but Sir Rupert'11 have you—in fact, he said as mnch to me." Every Irish family of any antiquitv has a ghost, and those of particularly ancienr. descent have a "l>anshee." The Macderinotts had both, the ghost for many \ears confining himself to the ruins, the banshee never troubling tinslumbers of any one, dead or alive, as far as could be ascertained. But still they belonged to thf place, and werr treated with due consideration when their names were mentiintd. Rosie took great pride in telling s rangers of both, describing the tall, white-haired man, clad in a long, grey wanilp, who used to stand on the battlement of the round tower which forms the centre of the ruins of old Castlegar, and gaze at the. culm, deep waters of thu Shannon below. That old man, seventeen hundred and twenty-five years a"jo—he wasn't old then—flung a stranger knight from the ea*t country (who cstneto woo his ladv-love) from the top of the tower, and threw after him a bag of gold and jewels, wherewith he .sought to purchase from her father, Mona Bawn, the dmghter of Maecosgarve Dhuo, Lord of Coolafynn, and the promised bride of Ulic More Macdermott. No stranger had ever attempted to wed into the family from that time but the ghost took up his station on the. battlements of the tower, and mourned over the sad event, on more than one occasion actually preventing the hated union by personal interposition. Father Roche, the priest, firmly believed in these old stories of Castlegar, and so did H ugh Macdermott. But when Sir Rupert Starewell waa told of them, he pooh-poohed the id ea, and, looking from the drawing-room window, declared it a matter of impossibility for any ghost to stand on the top of that tower—the more especially Miss Macdermott, as you assure ine there are no stairs, or any other means of getting up," he aaded, " That's a matter on which you can satisfy yourself, Sir Rnpr,rt. We'll walk down to-morrow, and row over, and examine the place thoroughly. 1 confess I'm no great believer In ghosts, but v.hen you actually see one, it looks wicked to doulit thern,' : Miss Rosie answered very gravel v. " When I see one, 1 dare say I shall believe. Until then I cbiin the right o 1 .expressing mv unbelief; and I confess, Miss Macdermott, I don't like the idea. Ghosts are uncomfortable sort of things to have in the family," the baronet said. "Oh J in Ireland we like them, Sir Rupert; but I suppose it's because we're used to th»m, and all the. real old families have thein. You can't think how worry I'd be if the ghost departed from Castlegar," Miss Rosie answered. A week passed, and Sir Rupert and Rosie got on splendidly. They visited and explored the ruins together, walked, and rowed, and boated; and the stern, stately Englishman, while he was learning to love the heiress of the Macderinotts, was also becoming slightly in awe of her. It was not nearly s easy a matter as he fancied to go up and say, "Miss Macdermott, I am willing to marry you. 1 am Sir Itupert Starewell, and 1 have five thousand a year." Still they got on admirably, and Hugh Macdermott was congratulating himself on the success of his plans. Barry Martin was as completely forgotten as if he had never appeared on the scene, or been the first lover and loved of Rosie. Another week passed away, and one morning at breakfast thr -quire and Sir Rupert both looked as if they had passed a very restless night, but Rosie was as fresh, and charming, and lovely as ever. Her dreams had apparently been pleasant. It was arranged that they—Rosie and the baronet—were to lunch at Craig llall, the home of the Bodkins— a charming place, about seven miles higher up the river; but when Rosie rang to order the carriage, her fathe< begged her not to go; and, strange to say, Sir Rupert seconded the resolution ; so in much wonderment she consented to stay at home, but proposed a row 011 the river, which amusement was violently opposed also, again Rosie good- naturedly gave in. That evening Father Roche dined at Castlegar, and at A few minutes before twelve o'clock he said good-night to his host, and started for home. Old Roger opened the door, and both looked across in the direction of the ruins. It was a said, 41 Go—go—go !" At the squiru's couch the untiring question was, " What have you done, with Rarrv Martin !"'for, since the day three wt'eks before that he had ordered him t.'ff ihe Castlegar ground-", nothing had been seen of hiin. Poor R isie was bewildered : shn scarcely knew what to do, and neither her father temporal nor spiritual could give lier any consolation. Old Koger, the butler, was afraid to open >he hall door after dusk, and not one of the servants would venture across the yard. Another weary day and awful n : gbt passed, and then Sir Rupert declared that he could not s:and it any longer. " I love, I admire your charming daughter, Mr. Macderinotts, and an •^lliancR with your family would be th^ summit of my ambition ; but T can't stand the ghosts and banshees. 1 can't, upon my honour. I have tint had a night's sleep for nearly a fortnight." The Macd^rmitt did not press bis vi-it >r to remain ; indeed, it seemed a relief to the old man's heart that lie resolved to go of his own accord, for he would ju-t as soon see his daughter in her grave, in the family bur> in^-placc at Kilkeevin, as Lady Starewell, af.er all the warnin >8 lie had had. But the exit of the baronet did not bring peace to the couch of Hugh Macdermotf. Trui>, the old man in grev was seen no more on the round tower, but the qtifstion was stiil repeated nightly, " What have you done with Barrv Martin ?" At last, ho called Rosie one day and told her. "If you can find out where he is, Bend for him till I beg his pardon, clear moonlight night, and there, on the round tower, clearly and distinctly gtood Ulic More, " the old inan In grev." Father Roche blessed himself, and Ve turned to the drawing-room, accompanied by Roger, who was white and trembling. The priest sat down and wiped his It's no use Hugh, I can't go home to-night. I saw Ulic More on the lower, and for all the bishops in Rome I would not pass Kilkeevin." " You do not really mean to say vou saw the ghost, Father Roche?" Rosie. said in dismay—" the old man on the tower ?" "As plainly as I see you now, inv dear," the priest answered,, shaking his head. " Roger saw him, so that there can he no mistake. You must give me a bed, Hugh—anything in the inhabited region." Nothing could persuade Father Roche to pass Kilkeevin, the family burying place of the Maeiermotts, and so he stayed at Castlegar all night. On the next morning there were three grave and haggard faces at the breakfast-table, and it, was very evident that the gentle men had passed a sleepless night. But Rosie was still quite unconscious and chatted as gaily a3 usual ; and although all the day Sir Rupert was strangely glooinly and abstracted, she did not appear to notice it. That night, a little before twelve, he took up his station at the study window, and waited patiently for half an hour, but no ghost appeared ; though the next morning old Roger said for I can't stand th's any longer. I'll be in my coffin before another w^ek." '-nid» all I canto help you. papa, but I' am afraid that foolish vouug man has d >ne something very d^sperat^. You see, he was very fond of me—aud — md—vou know, papa;" and llosie.'s head went, down behind licr father's chair to hid>i something, Triat iii^ht the banshee contented herself with crying at a very respectful distance, and the squire had a sound sleep. Whether the pjsset- Bnsie brought him hef r<*. he got into bed had anything t» do wiih it, 1 don't kniw; and the next afternoon Harry Martin appeared qt C isilegar, and received the Macdermott's apologies and profuse professions of good-will. * * * * * After a year the fortunes and families of Martinmount and Castlegar were united by the marriage of Rosie and lia rr, a very happy and not particularly unsuitable union, as during the twelve years Barry had been a minor hi* possesions had increased considerably. Mrs. Martin and Hugh Macdermott came to be better friends than they 1 ever been since the time Fanny ViiTidelenr refused Hugh fo.- Djnunick Martin Barry's fa'lur. lint it was not for long vears after— till II ugh Macdermott Marl 111 \v;is a sturdy lad, and Rosie and Fannv old enough to tease and torment their grandpapa and grandmama—that the story of he ghost of Castlegar waa explained. On one All Hallow's Eve, when they were all assembled in the dining-room— the children and Father Roche, old Mrs. Martin and Hugh Macdermott— Considine had been seen going towards Kiikeein ; and both Sir Rupert and Hugh Macdermott looked like ghosts themselves. Even Rosie seeme.d out of spirits and nervous, hut when questioned she laughed, and put the matter off. Later in the day, her father called her | into the study, and questioned her closely, and then she had to confess that she had heard strange noises during the night, and once, on getting out nf bed, she saw a white-robed figure flitting along the banks of the river, looking occasionally in the direction of the house, and wringing its hands. " There's some of U3 going home, liosie," the squire said, in a mournful voice—" either you or I "You forget f papa, that our banshee cries when any of the Macdermotts are. going to make an unlucky marriage," Kosie answered. " But I'il in-irrv Sir Rupert if all the banshees in Ireland were to warn me, if he'll have me." The next night Sir Rupert again took up his station at the study window, and was rewarded by a sight of the veritable ghost. There he stood, tall and grey, clearly defined against the sky, his face turned towards the house, and his hands raised to heaven as if he denounced it. The next morning it was the same story. Neither gentleman had been able to sleep a wink, and Rosie was also white and nervom. The dreary, dismal cries had kept echoing through the rooms all night, and on three different occasions a white figure had stood at the head of Sir Rupert's bed, and Barry declared that he dreamt the night oefore of the "grey old man ;" and Rosie. laughed provokingly, while every one else looked serious. Then Barry told thein how the ghost was none otlisr tlr-n himself, and thebmshee Rosie. Every i.ight he used to run across the river after dusk, and mount the tower by means of a rope-ladder on the opposite side. "If any man came near enough they might see me comfortably enj-iving a cigar, and sometimes I brought a lantern and a book or else read the dear little note I Ind from Rosie. I used to fin 1 one in a pirticular nest in the iv-y everv nisfht. Of course we planned it between us as a punishment, for father's crue'ty, andt.hec*lm impudence of Sir Rupert Starewell," Barrv said. "You can't think, father, hew hard I found it to keep from laughing at his white face and shaking hands everv morning," Rose said, ''fused to throw .1 white c'onk over my head and go into the green dressing-room—there is u. r from that into the red room, at thft head f the bed—and I just stood in the. doorway and waved my arm saving, 'Go—^o—go!' in a dreary monotone, and then crossed over to your room papa, to enquire 'what you have done with Birry Mirtin?" "And the noise—the unearthly criet? Father Roche asked ; "I heard them myself—surely Mrs. Barry, you did not utter them ?" "My dear Father Roche, ! I simply fitted a very rude iE>lian lmrp into one of the upper windows and locked the door —that was the banshee's cry," laughed Rosie. "Of course, I know it was very wrong, and I dare say paoa is desperately angry, but just think of the situation !' Th ere was Barry head-over-ears in love with me turned not only out of the hous \ but out, of the grounds. There was I, just a little in love with him, for- bidden ever to mention his name. There was a haughty baronet coming to marry me just as he m ; ght huy an estate. There was papa inexorable, not the smallest bit iutlit world open to conviction!— Whv, I might bo Ladv Starewell now, if it were not for the happy thought of Barry's about the ghost, and of mine about the banshee." The M icdermott was a little bit angrr, and Father Roche a little serious, re membe.iing the, niirht he begg'-d a lodging, because he could not pass Kilkeeviu ; but soon Rnsie's bright happv face, anu joyous laugh, inf cfed the rest, a>id thev allenjuveda hearty bugh at the Mystery of the Tall Grriv Man. 