HARGRAVES. TEA MEETING.-A largely attended tea meeting took place on Wednesday evening last at the Church of the "Redeemer, Windeyer, it. was for the purpnso of paving off a portion of the debt on the parsonage- Addresses were delivered by th« Kev. Mr. Stretton and by Mr. Lubeck, catechist. Everything passed off very satisfactorily. THE WEATHER. -The weather continued cold till Friday, when it changed to the heat usual at thia time of the year. THE GHOST.-Several households have been recently dis. rurbea at night by strange nóteos heard in their vicinity. They say it is spirits. 1 know that a strange feeling comes over me whenever I pass at nieht a place where a Chinaman, sometime ago, hung himself from a tree. Andi also know that there is a rod in pickle for whichever coloured spirit black, white, or grey-can be caught. POLICE COURT.-Before .T. W. "Flood, P.M., and Messrs. Kenpie and Rawsthorne, J.P.'s OR Friday. Ah Ming, a Chinaman, charged by Sergeant M'Manamey with having no visible lawful means of support, was sentenced to six months' hard labour in Mudgee Gaol. Catherine Bing, charged with using obscene language, was sentenced to three months in Mudgee Gaol. John M'Gowan for indecency in a public street, twelve days. Thomas Noon, for a similar offence, twelvo hours, and admonished for drunkenness. The appli citious of Johu Petrie. Cnarles Harper, William Mulholland, . William Price, and John M'Gratb, for slaughtering licenses, for the y«ar 1877, were granted. The application of Robert Gla8scock, being opposed by Bergeant M'Manamey, was1 refused. An application by Robert Jones was also refused. In the Small Debts Courts, a case, Goldrich v. Bennett, was a. ' demand for payment of £8 under an agreement. Plaintiff sold to defendant, all right, title, and interest in a mining, tenement. After defendant-went into possession, he was in- formed by Dr. Street that plaintiff had held under him on sufferance, and, therefore, had no power to convey the interest In the tenement to defendant. This was shown to the Court, and a verdict was given for defendant. 