AN ACTRESS RESPONDING. Mrs. SimuNG, who, until sho retired, was perhaps the most popular actress on tho- .j J English stage, thus humorously returned' thanks for the toast of her health, which was;rj r. > drunk at the Dramatic Fund Festival, held at* Willis's Rooms on Ash "Wednesday. , Mrs;.• Stirling, on rising to reply, was loudly dheered«.;{ She said:—There was once—nay, I am happy to say thero has been twice, in London a man ;' —aa American—called Jefferson. X: don't/,- ., ,:. mean tho Jefferson who was President erf ;the. United States, hut the Jefferson, better known i * by his original name of Rip Van Winkle. . ( that illustrious Rip, some twenty years ago, f. 7. had attended at this dinner, and had been -j • • driven by the too loud tongue of his thrifty . . wifo out of this room because ho, insisted on giving too much to this Dramatic and Eques-,; trian Sick Fimd,—as, of course, that reckless •..; j and delightful dog would have been sure to do . —and, failing the Catsldll Mountains, had -; • wandcredforth into St. James's Park, and there, • 7 after a carouse with tho ghost of Hendrih • ■ Hudson, had slept a sleep of twenty years, andthenco been awakened by some bobby of tho future and ordered to " move on " like poor . ; Jo, what changes would have met his eye I Afc Westminster, where he remembers a squalid fringe of tumbledown hovels and mud-banks, a stately hospital stares a still more stately House of Parliament in the face, the poor patients from tho galleries of the one comfortably con templating the wealthier patients on the ter- ; : race of the other. Really one hardly knows ; • which phase of suffering is tho more worthy of our sympathy, that of the unhappy subjects • of - St.. Thomas's surgery, or of St. Stephen's eloquence. (Laughter.) The original Stephen was the first of martyrs; now he tokesitoutby . : inflicting martyrdom. (Renewed laughter.) r He would find the dingy old mansion of the great: • Marlborough less enlivened by now red brick ; ; > than by tho presence of a beloved princess, and; I10 would have seen her children on the look-out v for papa, who is coming home with a tiger under each arm and an elephant in his pocket; .. and a large bale of pigskins. (Laughter, and: , cheers.) In Trafalgar-square ho, would seo Landseer's lions not merely in their places, but , : 1 with their necks and backs worn smooth by-the ; rough riding they have had in vindication of • •: • the indefeasible British right of public meeting.. . (Laughter.) Then what a host of new theatres!. v —two, out of three of them, I am told, doing ? an immense legitimate business, and, ten to one, an Othello—(cheers)—in full blast insido them. Other novelties would perplex tho r wandering Rip—skating-rinks, spelling-bees, «fcc. Rut tlicro is one thing in which Rip would have found no chauge. If ho left me in Willis's.. * . Rooms returning thanks for tho ladies and ' pleading tho cause of this fund lio would have found me, after his twenty years'.deep,. 1 at the samo work still—(cheers)—liko thn: daughter of tho horseleech, uttering my annual cry of " Give, give!" a cry that I must utter, monotonous and melancholy as it may be, so long as our profession continues so pre- . eminently a precarious one, divided, too often, . alas! unequally between prosperity and dis appointment, with tlieir still sadder concoini- ' tants—destitution, sickness, and death. But it is needless to sadden myself or you by this oft told talc of need. You. know how real and widespread the need is; you will givo to its . relief to-night, as you have always given, liberally. Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, you have drunk my health :is the mouthpiece of'mv sister artists, for which I thank you. As I began with Rip, I will end with him, and so, "Hero is vour good belts, tint vour family's. nut in:iy dey live luxuy unt prosper." (Loud I cheers.) 