Ope gjjünttj) /fllounmg ®$ral& MONDAY, JUNE 12, I87G. THE question of íeserves from sale undor llio Land Acts j9 won wolf,l,y "f discussion in l'ailinmeut, and Mr. M'ELHONI: appears to havo devoted himself to the task of getting ii dis- cussed, whether " in spnson or out of season.'' Ile hopes to seo the day when eveiy reserve in the colony will bo cancelled ; but if that hope is ever to be fulfilled, it will hardly be whilst fice selection before survey ia permitted from ono end of the colony to tho other. If _ Mr. M''l< TAI ONE'S Avoids are to have their full meaning attached to thom, it is not only the squatters' reserves that svill have to be cancelled, but tho reservation of gold-fields and of land within population bouudaiies also. In. theory at least all theso reservations) rest upon the same founda- tion. It is for the public interest that i'reo selection should be prohibited Avithin ceitain areas in each case. Whether it be to pieservo the value of pastoral runs undinriniahed loi leasing purposes, to prevent the alienation of auriferous lands, or to provide scope for the extension of villages and townships, the piinciple is, that the reserves fiom sale aro made, or that fiee selection is prohibited, not for the benefit ol' parties who may be immediately ' interested, but for the protection of the' permanent interests of the community. This piinciplo is not affected by the fact that piivate interests for the time being and the permanent interests of the public may coincide. It may be for the j benefit of a squatter that the Avater holes upon Avhich the pastoral value of his run depends should be reserved from sale, but it is none the less for the public inteiest that the permanent leasing value of the run should )be preserved from destruction by the same process. The country does not obtain in tire shape of rental all that it ought to obtain, and under a better ßystem might obtain fiom the squtitters. But to caucel the reseives Avould be a certain s ep tosvards the reduction of even the present inadequate returns. Whilst pastoral occupation and conditional purchase are allowed to run side by side, the system of reserves must " be maintained as a protection to the pastoral revenue. The soundness of the piin- ciple is not affected by the fact that it has been abused. No one can doubt that it has been abused. When Mr. M'ELIIOXE gets upon the subject of reserves there is seldom much reserve in his detiuncintion of the system. But whore theie is smoke there is Ure; and the blindest optimist would haidly doubt that these BAveeping statements and charges ha\\*e at least a sub-stiatum. of truth to ies.t upon. Every- body knows that iiee selection itself, the squatter's bane, has been worked by the squatters so as to be it3 osvn antidote, nnd a great deal moie besides. And svhon it is »een hosv capable is the system of reserves of being woiki d in like manner for the peculiar ad- vantage of the squatter, it is not in human naturo to suppose that the opportunity has been neglected. Mr. FITZPATRICK admits it, and he should knoAv some- thing about the matter. Mr. GARRETT admits it, and says that the Government is considering in what -way the latest developed form of abuse may be checked. But tlie fact that abuses haA'e arisen does not prox'e that the principle of .reserves is bad in itself, or that it should be expunged from the land laAST. It only gives another illustiation of the diffi- culties inseparable from the Avorking of the general land system, of AS'hich tho reservation of certain areas from sale forms an essential part. Mr. ROBERTSON was " exceedinply amused" the other night, because Mr. PJJJDINGTON so strongly supported the motion for the cancel- lation of the Yanko Reserve. He remembered how in 1S61 " the bon. member was one of those who battled night after night to hold the free-selectors within Avhat was called agricultuial aieas." Mr. PIDDINGTON has a very good defence against the implied charge of inconsistency, and is quite able to anssver for himselt if he thinks proper. We only refer to Mr. ROBERTSONS remaik¡because it points out the key to the whole problem. If tho selectors had been held* within "agricultuial areas" or at any rate Avithin areas, whether agricultural or pastoral or of mixed character specially sot apart for ftee selection, the .necessity for these íeserves would not have arisen. Mr. ROBERTSON in those daAS strenuously and successfully opposed the idea of confining selection Avith- in specified areas. One of the chief arguments used against it was that the marking out of those areas Avpuld either give scope .to corruption, or at least cieate the suspicion that corruption had been practised. ? What has been the result ? As the policy of the land lasv is not to set apart particular areas in the pastoral districts for sale it has become necessary to reserve particular areas in tho3e districts from sale ; and Ave now i-ee if fauo what should have been foret-een fiom the beginning, that as thick a cloud of suspicion and as rank a growth of accusations aud complaints have been created au following out the latter process, as ever could have bien the accom panimentg of the foi mer. Mr. M'ELHONE does not speak for'himself only. He occupies the^ happy position of , a funnel ! to pour into the ear of the House btteams of bitter complaint and suspicion that ilöw in fromi all parts of the country. "We do 'not commit ourselves to implicit faith in tho accuracy of all these charges ; but it is not too much to say that they afford at least r sjlimp&e; of the, possibilities of the case. Thny se ive to show to how great a strain the integrity of Landß Ministers and officials undor them might be subjected under tho present system, which xvas adopted because it was supposed to leave no room ior anything of that soit. As to the Yanko Reserve, that stands upon, a A'ery different foundation fiom the ordinary reseives for the preservation of water supply 1 or access to water. The land was not reserved from sale in order that tlio natuml ndvm,tn"P, it contained might he preserved fiom 1"Tn-r monopolised, to Um destmotion of the rental value of the suriounding country. Tlie r... Eorvation yvaa granted as a bonus to private individuals, who by the outlay of capital, had made a large liactof otherwise useless coúntiy available for occupation. It is to be con- sidered, therefore, in the light of apavment ior' services rondeied. And as the value oi those services can ea-ily bo estimated by expert,., it cannot bo a matter of very great dilhculty to ascertain whether the lessees have not in their ten years undistuibed possr-ssion of the reserve received at least a fair equivalent, liven Mr. ROUERISON nnd Mr. (J A un mi« appear to have but little doubt upon that scoie. But then comes the question,-it the reseive is to be cancelled how is the land to be disposed oi ? It is said by some to be worth from £rj to ¿.Ï per acre ; and yet alarm is felt at the idea of putting it up to auction by means of tvliich it might possibly bring something lile»/ ¡ts fair value, and lhere seems to bo a (leslie that ft should in some way be received for the free selectors who Avould only pay £] per' acre for it on terms of extended ciedit. But hosv is this to be el'tected F The idea ol' marking out "agricultural areas'' has boon rejected with, contempt. The land caunofc, therefore, bo íeserved for free-SRlection. Jfit be really of the high value attributed lo it, the duty of the Cevernment is to dual vrith it in such a manner as to secure the best pos- sible price for all of it that is not taken up by free selection, when the reserve is cancelled. \VE litiA-e already referred to the ennis in Queensland. Our readers will liuve observed that Souili Austinlea has added anolher to the list oí MiniHteiial changos. These events appear sometimes lo Lu considered of com- paratively small impouanco in that colony and on side its limits aro usually ícaided With, but little interest. lu the piesent instance, however, the oveithroiv of the Government means something more than tim letirement o£ half- a-dozen men and the sub- stitution of as many others. It involves a check, to say the least, to the adventurous policy to Avhich, under the guidance of the late Premier, the country had committed itself. Mr. BOUCAUT, struck possibly with the idea that if New Zealand could be " precipitated into a nation," South Australia could be dealt with in the same manner, announced some time ago a grand programme ol' legi&latiou;, including íailways and other public works for the advancement of the colony, and also the introduction of large n umbers of immigrants from Europe. His policy was favourably, if not, indeed, eageily íeceived by the public, and, but for the opposition of the Législative Council, to an e&senlial; pint of hi*» scheme, he would have been able to carry his views into effect. Not daunted, however, by the obstruction offeied hy tho Upper House, Mr. BOUCAUT, shortly before the opening of the present sesbion of Parliament, reanoounced his policj* at a political banquet in a cimntiy distiict Ile said that the Ministry had a great country before them, and that they wished to govern it as a great couutiy. Having in view the attempt to settle the Northern Ter- ritory, and the construction of the tians Contincntal telegraph, no one can say that the affairs of the colony have been managed altogether on parochial piinciplos hitherto . but the late Piemier appears io ha\ c become convinced that, concideiing the great lesouice-s o"£ the country, it was not being made tho niOBt of, and to have determined to introduce the necessary vigour into its legislation. "With perhaps somewhat ovei-fervid enthu- siasm he, on the occasion mentioned, cwn paied the colony "to fertile Belgium." it may, perhaps, be said that the climate oL' Belgium is not quite like that of South Australia, and that the hydiogrnphical advantages of the little Rpadp- culUvatod European kingdom haA*e no very exact cotmtei part in the Australian colony. Theie aie, however, no doubt, jjointi of resemblance between the two couutiies, though they may have hitherto escaped the notice of oidinary observers. However this may be, Ah*. BOU-JAUT appears to be convinced that, with its wide extent of -wheat-growing country, ios niineial wealth, and the -facilities offered b3 the liver Munay for seeming the Riverina trade, it only requites a vigoious prosecution of the neces- sary public works, hnd a rapid intioduction of population, 10 enable the 'colony to take its proper position amongst its neighbour*). The main featuies of the measuies whibh he -wished the Pailiaraent to agieeto were tho connection of Pott Adelaide with the Munay, so as to secuie not only the Darling, or eA*en the Barling and the Itfvu rumbidgee trade, but nothing Jess than the Murray trade. the development of the agri- cultural and mineral íesources of the colony by the construction of railwajs* and t)ie increase of the population by iinmigiation, to the extent, he seems to havo thought possible, of not less than 100,000 in four or live yean. Beyond this there Avas to be the introduction of -tamp Duties, and a tax on pioperly, and further, a bill for the íevidon of the tariff, " with a view ot íemoving restrictionsou com- merce, generally, and encouraging tiade with the neighbouiing colonie-*, especially with the vast districts of iiiveiina." In the liovernoi's speech at the opening of Parliament, it was mentioned that the surveys of some of. the proposed lines of îailway vvei'e so far advanced as to enablo the avork-s to be'commenced as soon as the necessary sanction, had been ob- tained from the Legislatuie. Had the late Premier been able to meet the Parliament with the same colleagues that he had with him dining the previous session, there does not appear to be any reason to doubt that the House of Assembly would havo passed his measuies without mateiial alteration. Unfortunately, however, tor the success of hi-J scheme, tho Mini-tiy had to be reconstructed during the recess in consequence of the eleva- tion of the Attorney-General to the Chief Justiceship and the subséquent retitement of tvvo other mcnibeis of tho UoAremment. In the íeconstituüon of the Administration, Mr. BOUCAUT probably did his best under the cit oumbtanceö, but the result was not a happy one. The position taken by some of his new colleaotiás Avith reference to his policy, when it waa ïiist biought forwaid was, it would 'seem, not considered such as to entitle them loi-itby his'side-afterwards to help in cany - ing that policj- out. The representative of the (iovernmetit in the Council, Mr. EvrniARU, Minister of Education, Avho is somewhat, trenchant in his style /whenan opposition, wai reminded by- Sir HENEY AYÍÍIJS, at the earliest opportunity atter the, opening of Parliament, that he liad r denounced iur. ^ BOUCAUTS raihvays as ruinous to the country, and ,(!icu> ¿" would make lines to the moon. More (¡inn this, lit1 nn(l also opposed the Stamps Bill. itr r,\THAiiti defended liitribelf ns IIP best fonld mrni'tst Ibis attack. He claimed that, Woreloiniti'ï tho sJinistty, he» had obtained a .""(..sesión with regard to tke Stamp«. Bill, ? ml thftt the i ail ss-n y policy of the GoveM-nmcnt \miltl nosv bo submitted to the Council in .niutle mpfistues, eo that each line might be .ni«-T! bv itself, instead of all being in ,""1,(1 in one bill. Moreover, the people had 'pcLirort, through their repiesentatives in the popular IIouso, their a]i|)toval of a progressive ""bile v. oiks polies, anti it was of cou ne not for him t° °^er 'f.'c''iou', opposition to tho willies of the conn ti y. .Such a defence ps this, hosvevor sinceip, is always open to suspicion. Tlic reconciliation of political opponents is an edifving spectacle, but xvhon it happens in such manner as to bring place ftid power to the reconciled, its genuineness mar hp deemed questionable. According to a ¡.email' of the late Sir GRORGK CORNWALL liFssisthn first, second, and third qualifications far an Fnqli"h statesman Were intelligibility, tatearily, a"(î public spirit, which he said, would fail to command confidence if the rouisf» aelopted was intricate and inexplicable. Wlipthei impressed Avith such considoiations ,B theQo or not, the House of Assembly was not ptepared to condone the disregard of political con Maloney displayed in the forma- tion of the Ministry, and took the earliest possible opportunity of ovet throAving " this monatious and unuatural coalition.'', It remains now to be seen hoAv the South Australian Legislature will deal with tho scheme of the late Premier. In the preeent state of public opinion in the colony, probably no Ministry would have much chance of staudinn; that did not avow a readiness to carry out that scheme at least in its principal featmes. It is one thing, however, to adopt another man's ideas under the pressure of public opinion, and a very different thing to press forsvard measures with the enthusiasm at au oiîiriuator. As item in the telegram wnv.k we published on \londay last announced that ttiet SULTAN'S ?¡rand Vivier, MAHOMMÜD PAOUA, has been",«».. w'saed from his post. The relation of a Turkish ''mild Viz'pr to the SULTAN is asimilar one to bat sustained by an English Prime Minister to he QtiKKN, or a colonial Premier to the fiOVÄiiNOit. While the latter, however, has .o Eiiiñ 1 very important functions in the admin ?-'r.iti'Ht of government, the sphere of the 'nrraer ii nominally of a much more limited ¡nr-ti-rer. The fact is that the business .la {"rand Vizier Í3 simply that of .humouring tim SCI.TAN'S caprices, and of keeping the Si eTAN's exchequer constantly filled. A recent communication from the Times' correspondent (nmishes us with some amusing particulars regarding the relation between a Grand Vizier slid the"S"L-p.vN :-"The present SULTAN," it nys. "seems equally to think that allthe land, lie life, and freedom of the people of his empire »re'hinsis to be disposed of by bim at hisown p"-a«ure as his absolute and indisputable private ..ttferty. Somo glimpse of an idea that be has CD''« to his subjects, that the administration of .cien and the promotion of the common welfare te ind-i-'d now and then abstractedly shine ftroiißh his benighted understanding. The fault, ,'frlmp**. lies not in his own instincts or interi I!OIK, but he takes it for granted that for good or rvi! hp, alone should he free to act-all power should be centered in hi3 own hnucl- ho alone s'mi'd have a will. It is not that ho deems him ?*!f capable, or that ha would ha at the trouble ofcoverninp*. .Has he not got« Grand Vizier? Whore would be the wisdom of keeping a dog ¡md harking himself 1 And when he hears that the imperial Treasury is exhausted, and the Civil list is -in arrears, ho considft*-', what is the isa oí a blockhead of a Finance Minister ;' he knows not where to find money? ''The SULTAVS scln-me of government, consists in bidding his Grand Vizier to govern in his name. His deputy draws'up a firman or irado, addressed to himself- 'A toi mon Vizir! -signed hy himself, mid laid for approval before the Sovereign, the first and foremost title to wliose favour is never to plague him about busi- ness. The decree that 13 to go forth in tho SULTAN'S nama is presented but not read, and Kldom explained at any length to his ""ijesty, whose mera nod is accepted as is approval and sanction without any fur itr neod of.seal or signature, le was the prisent Grand Vizier who was at the greatest pains to impress his Sovereign with the notion of ilia unbounded power, insuring thus tor his own benefit the vicarious omnipotence tor the exer- cise of which lin is responsible to the monarch alone-ii monarch who when dissatisfied with bis minister will not now send him a bow-string or a cup of cot'ùe, which disposed of unprofitable servants iii'th« good old times, but will simply intimate to him that the light of the iJadishah's ¡?omirenance is withdrawn from him, and that lie must make room for a successor. The jiain condition on which a Grand Vizier, )r any other Minister, can rely for his tenure of ?Seo ia that the Sultan's will is not to be 'lisputed. No argument or remonstrance, no sxpliination or even apology, is ever to bo ven- tured upon with bim. No observation conse- quently must be made, and, above all, on t!ie Matter's extravagance or self-indulgence." Such ave the relations between the Prime Minister and the Sultan of Turkey. If the Premiers throughout the British dominions were to hold office on similar terms, the positions of our rulers might oiler mtiny agreeable attractions tvliich they do not now possess ; but the opposite ifould have to b ~~.°o|i'e. What wonder that, with a Government ike tliir-, the condition of Turkey should be such JS it is ! SüPtiKME COURT.-Business This Day.-Tonn list.-Now Trial Motions, Arc: Dunn v. Australasian Mr;m> Navigation Co., Drown v. Lethbridse, Pair and iitulnor v. Ash, Sundemnn v. M'Donald. Master's Oliico. M 10.30 n.m. : Maddock and others v. Bnrnott, to settle '«".im, re York, a person, &c;, to tax costs of Crown Solicitor. "V.11 a.m.: Llojd and another v. Vickory and another, 'ujourned defendant Vickcry's evidonce. DISTRICT COURT.-Cause List for Monday, l-lh June.-Jury Causes: Nelson v. Etherington, Davis' *? Humphery. Causes: Cohen v. Gee, Potts and another s-, ahomps'iu. BOAT RACE.--A race, in light skiffs, between solomon nnd Ponce, for £2.0 aside, iv.ok ylice on Saturday,' wer tho Champion Course on the Parramatta River. Tfio «Miners Victoria, Agenoria, and Our Queen, crowded with passpngei s, followed tbe race, which pioved an easy victory »or- ¡solomon, who took the lead at th* sturt and w.m us he -w At tne mi,e-P01'nt Pearce put on a spurt, but ¡silotnnn was equal to the ocension/retaining a eafo lead to too Imish THE HUNT CLUB.--The Sydney Hunt Club ""tatCiunnbelltown, on Saturday' afternoon, and bala mououjoynble run ol about seven miles. Though somo ii« r ? t?8 had t0 ho "oso'i'nted, the field were all «eil up at «¡mush, and ni accident occurred, wiih the excopiion of me second w¡,¡r, receiving ft n"sty fall through being run '«MM a aaplini; fortutiatelv, though much shaken, ha «as not seriously injured, and was al le to return home. THE MERCANTILE ROSS-ING CLUB.-On Satur «»}. afternoon last, between ihinvand forty members of Ihe wwaiitile Rowing Club had "a icnd-wous atChiwder S « , ,lle>' f,rr"le'1 at about half-past 2 o'clock. .TOD ¡Ufe,- Innding quoit- and football were in request, and m cames vve-o kept, up with great spirit until limo was . eil at 4 o clock. The boats were thon manned, and the '"uuticis returned home nfior haying spent a most a-nceuble ?uiffnoon. SUICIDE. - Yesterday eveniug Captain . ewan, well known in marine circles, committed suicide, nfc i loilfmgH m Prince-street. At about six o'elock he went a o nie io .m where tea wa, laid out, and just before ihe ihr,niC.8riS,ltdowns he Foized the t*oad-knîïe and cut his in«i, A v,ound was not immediatelv fatal, but ho died iu about two hours afterwards. THE BROKEN OAHLK.-Our readers aro nwnre that a fe\v days ago an application was mude for the Rprvico of tlio cabio ship Fditiburirb, nnvv lying in harbour, to proceed to Port Dmw.ti ti r-nlor a'ssiitntico iu fishing up lim bi"k'n wiro and fh»t Ibo retinoRl' has beon nceuhd lo In a fe i-d-iy-i tho ve- sjl will be ready to pune d t'i sea. At «ujut 10 o'clock on Wcdnepclay liinrmng last she -.ins fal;,n to (ho Goverii tueot Flt/ioy Dock at Coekaloo, viheie elm his rei-eivr-da thovoush ovíihiul, and -ni'h alto .itions have been made as tonnder her in every vvuv -»mahle* tor th- .?xnetliliim on which sho is shortly to stint. Tho Edinburgh is to bo commenci colling .is soon as possible. It ii hoped that hor bunkers will have n-eeiverl their full emiiplem. m by midnittht i n Tu<"di;v, and tint eh' v ill bo ready to tako her departure fur Pint 1 tarwin carlyon Wcdn'fd>y morning, bim yy ill be connnnnded bv Caution Sims, mid will tike, in «ddil'tm to her own o!H--ers and men, Mr. W. Gi ig-r Taylor, who is at piosent managiue* for rho Calilo Co-npmy lit Sydney. During hi-; ab-ince. Mr C J. David- son will"ofliciatoi as* iv- timr manager. If iii" Edinburgh should louve on Wednesday next sie will, in all probabiliiy, reach Pi.rt Dir« in m su t n m f->i\nteen days, so that with a fair pa«-aro we may hope t i hem of her safe arrivil on in-about the ti r.st of next'm mth. She will bave heiei opie t« with all tho instrumente and anpnratus In modern u=o fo the piclring np of brokon cable* f'but as Mime doubt npp ans lo exist us to the ox ict distance from the shore, the lidin liurt'h will call at Port Darwin,where apirtvnf clectiiuians aro to hnd tj test the vviio. It is suimiscd the ruuturo is about thirl j* miles from the sboio end. Tho i+overn-nent havck;ndli pin-ed the Fitzroy dock at the disposal of iho company, and h wo rendered every assist mee in th 'ir power to expedite the. de.iirtuie 'if iho vo*sel, io that credit is due. b 'th io the Cable Conpanv and to our G iveunnont for the celeiily with vviiea the- n'cc-sn'y picpnritions hive been i-xocufe.1. It ntay Hot. i o-hip- be out of place to mention hero that tho Peri Dirwin eabl- tickings to the Faino com- pany as the Now South Wales and New heiland, vi/.., the Unstern Exiontion, AuBtraliuia, und China Telegraph Com- pany. IiKUTKn'8 TRLEGBAAI COMPANY.-Telegrams for tho United Kingd'im Europo, and America, vvill bo despatched per s'eiim«hip Sum it .'a, on the loth instant. fr..ni Adol'iid" fn Gulle, Ir.mi whence th-jy will bj unit by wiic to ti oil- destinations. Mofsages should nach Lortd-m by this ionia on Gili July, and must bo banded in for tmns 'niifslon hy 5 p.m. on the 1-lth lnsfant. . ", ? PRESENTATION.-A testimonial, consisting of a gold pencil-cnsa and caid-caso. wai pio*eiltcd to tho Rov. Joseph Barnier, incumbent of St. Barnabas's Church, Parramattn-strect^on Thursday oionine last, bj* tho voting 'men' of his 1-vtc confit m iti ncle.ss. Mr. B-iriiier acknow- ledged tho receipt of the ¡rift in suitiblc words, stating that it would bo an additional link bttiveon the young men and himself. - . ? ? PHIZES FOU SINGSR SEAVING MACHINES.-Mr G.- J. WCIIB, of Huater-street. the agent f >r Singer and Co.'s sovving machines, has roceived for exhibition a cave co'itamin? f i0-imtles of moMs nnd enps awarded as prizes to tho lirm, for the;r exhibits in Europe. There am (j silver cups, 2ó ,o'd medals, 78 silver medals, and 22 brouzo medal«, and eomorice awards trom locieiiei of Great . Britain as well as tho ICtir .pe-ui continent. ArtMgad in a largo frame thoy prosent an attractive display. 'THE PHILADELPHIA CoAnrtssroN.-We havo roseived copies of letters foriya de I fe. m Philadelphia by »i.. ou".i"" Robinson, Sucri t>irv to the Puiliidolphia Com uiisston. Iho n.hvi ttt.ri ,m,i,,r\\\ate the 1st of Aoril, states that Mr. Robinson lina r?n*,*et-fur (uo lourss'onof the duties on tho Now South -VAil- ..,ina fortViirdrd for cphi*-** tition, and that hu app i -iittoti u..i i)(,en forwjrdcl to the Treasu y Deparltueur. A letter of ne (¡^ \nr\l intimatss that he had transferí ed the unexpended *t«,l,lnoa csf ñbS'l-í-2-ion dollars .it bii account with Messrs. Dres-iv and Co, to the account of Mr. Murri«, Uxccutivo Com- missioner, ,md 'fat-is that tho current ncoonat of 21-50 dolíais gold hud been operitiid upon by bim ti the oxtont of 441.4,1 dollars, leaving a balança ol' 23S I.G9 dolUrs which Mr. Robiason estituatcd would bo ample to moot all pnvfe ruents rc-nirAl to be made before tho arrival of Mr. Morris. The Executive Coni'iii-'siunois d'e-dod that tho bilanoo of the £1900 remitted by the Government of 'Now South Wales for the purposo-* of the Exhibition should bo placed with Messrs. Droxeil anti Gi. tobo op"n-id in the nama of the Commissioneis for Now South AVal-js at Philadelphia the account to l-o operated upon riy choci'ios' signod by tho ExacutivoCommissionorand countersigned by tho seeietarv, IN a letter of the Sth April, Mr. Robinson states that as ho found that there would not bo morn for tho second ship- ment ot exhibit-* from New South Wales, ho advised air D.niel Cnoper, Mr. Cam-ron, and Dr. Forbes of the fact, and on th ir apolici'ion, and a? it appeared that tho cdomes of Jamaica and Bermuda had more spico than thev could SU, au additional area of .323 feet was allotted to New South Wales, being an extension of six feet to the nave. Subsequently 128 teot more space was added, making the total 8P50 feet, having frontages of 201 feot. The original aroa allotted to New Smith Wales vvns feet, having frnntages to passages of 96 feet. Mr. Robin- son had furnishel as complete a list of articles for tho general catalogue as possible ; and if the catalostie arrived from Sydney, he hoped to bo able1 to obt'iin the insertion of additional parric-u ars when the proofs carno to him for royinn. A letter of the loth notifies the arrival of Mr. Morris, tho Executive Commissioner, on the Kith instant, and states that the coal trophy had bom erected, and the vv ol cases placed in posi- tion. One of the ojal seams was much biolcon, owing to defective iiaokinir, and the glass ia somo of the vv iol ca-,'8 had bien broken On the whole, however, Mr. Robinson states that the o.v8.-s lind como forn-atd in good condition. Tho New South Wales exhibits shipped ox steamer City of San Frinci-*«) had arrived, via Panama, at New Ycirk, dn "comphrarively 'good con lition, oito 'case, 39S, weighing 32 lbs., as pot- invoic-, being short. It seems that this case, which was supposod to contain gold, was placed in the sp'-cio.tnnk n' Panama. Dr. Forbes ***-.jte-- to Mr. Robinson, that he is assured that the next Aspiuwull steamer, due on the 25th iustint, would havo the missing cus« on board, and that no anxiotyneed be felt as to its caro and safoty. It seems that before leaving San Franeisoo,i Mr. Morris jravo special instructions regarding the trans-; mission of thi gold. The Commissioners hid engaged an attendant at IS ddllaia per week. PENNANT HILLS.—On the evening of the 8th instant, Mr Croft in Dodwell lectured in St. Paul's schoolroom, Pennant Hills, in aid of the fund for liquida- ting the school debt. His subject was—"A Personal Narrative of a Shipvvreck," and the lecture was listened to by an appreciative audience with marked attention and interest. A very enjoyable part of the evening's entertain- ment was the rendering by an efficent choir of several favourite songs, duets, &c.; A lady of the district presided at the harmonium. The Rev. J. G. Southby occupied the chair. OBCUAP GAS.-A London pjipor says that a, highly satisfactory experiment had been made with an' i'lurainating gas. nroauced from nine-trnths of liquid sewago and ona-tenth of common oil, which was said to bo equal to coal gas tit one-third the cost. ' GOLB "AGAIN,-It is some time since tho fame of the gold finds in the N'il«cn ranges died out (says -tho Bega Standard), and the diirg^rs who were gathered there some years ago have long since dispersed themsolve.s thiouc'hout tho land. R"cently, bowovor. two ' of thoj ori&iuul; prospectors lctumed tj their "old dove," and having* seen «li tho new rushes, they still seem to think 1 that i ¡ches await pers"vomncj in tho 'Nelson hills. The men have been at wo-k for foni* dvys. and report says they bavo already prosnt-cts that encourage them to go on, anil as a matter of fact they ai o sticking to it. ' ACCIDENTAL DROWNING.-On Monday, the;, 28tb May (writes the Kiama Iti'pnrter), the Coroner fortha district of Shoalhaven, Mr. T. Richards, held nn inquest on' tbo hody of William Georgo Arthur Gray, who was acci- dentally drovvned in Broughton Creek on the ptovious day.' The following ovidence was elicited:-John Gray said: I, am a farmer, residing at Broughton Creek; the body viewed by the Co-oner and the iuvy is that of my son,'William 'Georgo Arthtir Gri'y, aged two jo-irs and? ¿ii'ia months ;' on Sunday, the 2§th ultimo, I went trom home in the forenoon,1 leaving the deceased well at homo; in the evening about,-1 o'clock, I heaid he was lost; I went in search of him; a little later -.ovai-al of my neighbours assisted in searching for, him, and about 7 o'clock p ni. ho was found by Mr. Gray, my brother, and Mr. Stewart: 1 was told that ho was found in Broughton C cok ; T was callod home to the houso and found the body of mv son laid on tho table in a cloth in a bath ; ho was then mad ; there were efforts inado to restore' the (Shild, amongst others Mr. and Mrs. Board, and in fact sevoial otheis, hut it bad no effect. Janies Stewart, sworn, said: On Sunde.y ln-*t. ab ut G p.m., I heard that Mr. John Gray's sun was lost; I, with several others, went in search of him; after searching in company with Gesrgo Gray for some time, we found thn body in Broughton ' reek below tho house of the docra-ed's father; I found him in shallow water, but the creek is deep above the place we found him. Thn jury returned as their verdict, "That the deceased, William Grorire Aithur Gray, died nt Broughton Creek on Sunday, the 23th May, 1870,"and that his d-ath was owing to his having been* accidentally drowned in Broughton Creek." A SCIIOOL OF Ani's roB THE TOWN OF PeOBEaT SON.-We leam from the Sertttiiicrr that the residents in and around the township uf Robertson seem determined Dot to allow its orngiess to lag behind that of other Ideali- ties adjacent. It is now i,iopused ti establish a School of Arts tbeie at no very distant dato. The nucleus of such is ahcady funned, through the libeiahty of Mr. Georgo Schl.-ia-lt, who ha- piesentid fifty volumes, beautifully bound of interesting* works, which, al't.n* being read anti approved of by Mi. john Hanrahan, are now placed in tho | ci-hrxil for circulation ; Mr. Dwyer, (bo teacher, hxvi'ig kindly cmsenud to act as ubiariitn. Dr Tanaut, of Kiama, has promised a don.itinu of £10, and sever.il- othei' sums have alsj be,.'n Mibsciibed. An application will shoitlv ba made tor two acios oí th*- rc-erve on which thetchoûl stands for the pu.poso uf electing a. School of Arts. Nor A 33AD IDEA.-The Mirror (Calcutta paper) says that the minister of the Brahmo Stmiaj, in Calcutta, has discontinued the piivtico of giving sermons, fur the reason that Brahmos and I hoir missionaries do not give due heed to his piecopts, and do not exhibit suffio'ent holiness and dovoteduess. In referring to which tho Friend of India (Calcutta) observes :-" If all our clergymen were of the same way of thinking as the Brahmo " Souiaj we wonder how many silent pulpits there would be all over j Christendom:'?' r ' FITZROY CHU'KKT Cu'ri.-The annual dinner and ovenin,' pa ¡v given bj t'io l-'n/ioy C.ick ' u"lJ'' 1c; murk Hu c o-o or "the se.;.- n, took pi " o at di ? '>&d;,. 1 ov/s Hull, Bli/nhoth-stt-CPt Tim M no of -sjdnoy mm ned tun chair, Aldumim Pno n (prc-id'nt of (bo imbi ' o nu: in the vire-cbair. An npnlopy wn« vioived fiom Air. It. Drive-, M L.A., who wa- uriMoi''a'ilv ubs-nt, owinar ti inintirtrinf bu-inoss. About eiirhtj 1 idi ?» an 1 gentlemt u tat'down ti an excellent mp .st, ruin.iihnd m Comongin n, a usu'1 nt/ifi-i nr style, which was 1 viilm'lv qui'o inrucoi aicdbvthocoiiipanv. 'Iheiisuul loi .-.I undi mitilinieul iry tons's" followed, un Plli'i'tivp bind ui-sny-iiilo ptnying tippriipriiit.'aiis. Sweuil of '.Iv -'ent'e uen went also paso 11 specimen of thru w11 al pi.'ira, und much .?miis» niciit wis dorivv'l fmm som.' "l.-v< r nlu«t' itiou" of ventril > »inism by Mr. N. Coben. » f.ir (duner (whi'li lonninifd nt an eiilv houi) dancing wis c iiiiinencd, nnd kept up 1 willi spirit'for a ponai k-rable timo, and tho run anny cep 1 ratcd alter spei ding a most cnp.y iblo even'nrr. THE AT HE ROYAL.-On Saturday evening, Shnki'spe ire's ling elv of " M i' beth " vas pioclticoel at this house tia huge ¡ittniitlirjC'. Mis. SP ilr-Siddi ns, in n«--u miiig U13 ni't. of Lady Ma-bolh api'-arsd in a character perhaps mor" liiavily taj.ing tlio histrionic capabilities f|f Ih'i artist iban any other in wbie-h sha has as yet u'guieJ here. It is m the uovere-t line of tragedy, and is a part in which comparisons must inevitably he m'titiite-d wtwecn thp trtti/idteiim of the niadit und others who have given a delini'fttion of thp stein and imulne-nblo lady of Cawdor. It must bp admitted that Mrs, Si-ott-Siddons's reading is a very finished, und, upon the whole, -at -factory onp although hhe labours undpr physic il dis ulvanrajes which mnkfl her ta-k the mote iHllicult.' Hor rondei ng is capable, and in some rosoeits original, but she dues n if imparl to the chuiac'er fiat haughtiness and dignity with which mot player .cr« and stud'nfs of Shikespotiü are »"ciistoinpil 11 a-socule it. It ia uoinpr 'hensive n' d quiet, hnviug little to find fault with, and yet not greatly im pri's-ive. It is satisfactory nnd pie ising, but not giaud : it is, in fact, wanti'uK in weight, if ihe e.xpiesrivi may bo used. HT Lidy Alacbeth is rather moro of the sehemer tlinn tho dariuir onspiritor Of Mr. G. D. Cb .nlm's Mni'bnih di'tabd notice his already been erivon, and his pert .rmancp waa nmther more nor li si onlitled t> cultvy than horetofoto. Ho mud", however, a noticeable unnrove mtiit in the banquet scene, by di-peuBing with the aipear onceof tho usual extrouiely substantial ghost, and addiesing his invocations fo the empty chair. It is not nccssiry for n veritable fiiruro to take the chair, "shake his gory looks," nedr and stride off, for an intelligent audionce to appreo'ato the a'tor's meaning: and in this portion of the business Mr. Chaplin's rendering wan reallv very powerful and graphic!, and thn errent applau-o which followed it wns fairly deserved. Mr. .T. G. "Joyce was an adoquate Dunoon, and Mr. W. J. Holloway a toleiable Maoduff. The wit- hes WPIO imrersouated by Air. SV. Andrews, Mr. H. Daniels, and Miss Melville, who rando the weird sisters as " » ithored ai.d w¡Id " as ciuld bo desired;'and Locke'« musió was nicpplnbly giivn-Mr P. Egan, Miss Tilly Andrews, and Miss "umina itoirers being the nr-t, spcond| and third singing wi'chps The clashing of weapons at the sido scoap upon Uamiuo's murder, nnd which bore ft Judicious resomblancj to the vrhetting of a knifo ujon a steel, *'ns entirely a mistake, tho unfortunate General lioitio: fallon up n and a ms¡ coull have had time to draw his w oap m. VICTORIA 'J'HEATIIF.-Mr. Joseph Tv. Emmet made his first appearance bef uro n Sydm y audience at the Victoria Theatre, on Saturday niglir, au" " Fritz," in the play of that nnine, though otliotwi«o known as "Our Cousin Germnn." Tho fact that Mi*. Emmet had achieved such,a brilliant succor in this chir-iotor in M'lbnurne, where the" play ran without interruption forelevon week», natunlly aroused the inininslof the playgoer« of Sydnoy; and, as a consoquonce, the Victoria was graced by as large an audience as it has over seen, be'ntr literally tmckol from *"> Hoir ti tho roof. The e.ip«ctitinns which'Mr. Kmmet's roputav."n ilai ciented did not fail of'a full realization, for, fruin hegintti«,,, t0 end, the audience o-"hibUed their delight nnd 'ippi-ootiition 1../ tho moat u.xtibornut manifestit'ons If, therefore, a complete nu.«»,.- ftfc the outset is' an augury ' "of a successful continuance, " Fiiw" bids sure to he no less popular h re than in Melbuurno. T111 jijny ;s in a moro than, ordinary degwe Htted ti the iicior intitev fhan the actor to fho'pUy; and, ihenigh it abounds with several iutirfsling scenes and incidents, it has little of whafjîan propeily tie called "plot."' Frita is a_ German emigrant, and the opouing scene diseoveis him arrived at Now York with his cousin Katarina. A Colonel Graf- ton, who is the chief villain of the pioco, ani Elias Grim, a lawj-er, appear on tho soene. The colonel concsives the idea bf abdu-tiug the girl Katarina, and he instructs lawyer Grim, who appears to bo a nefarious agent uf his, to geit Frit/, out of the way, in oidor that he niuyearrv out his intention. The lawver outers into a conversation with Fritz and learns from h'm that he has come over *o America in searoh of a sit-ter. His parents, he explains, h"d emigiaicd to America yeais befori, lind beciutí very wealthy and lind died, leaving the child, Frihs's sister, of whom no trace could since be found. Colonel Crafton 1ms an ad ipted daughter, who« ruii. nts dt'«d very wealthy when sh" wns but a child, and with har he had "approiiriired her nan nts' we-illa. With a lawvci'snoutnut'88 Grim at once St">s Fritz's sister in the Coloned's admita! danurhtor, und cuuununî ating his knowledge and suspicions to Fritz, lie engages, himself to bring matters Ion proper settlement. In tim vneant'ine the Colonel has docovod Katarina to a concert h ill. whence she isrpscuoiby Kr'ti, in the leuiso of an old Dutchwoman. Subsnquentiv, through the ngen -yof Grim,be anpea's at an evening party at tua Col nel's, wh»rB ho entert lina the comuany with a number of t0nrr9 anrl danes, and at bist finds an opportunity of proving that the Cotonel's adopted daughter is his sis'or. The voung lady thousli diflicult io convince of her slrnngo rela' tionship, uccppts it joyfully after heat ¡mr. a song from Frit-/ which awaken» her long d .rmanr rcillections. When the Colonel is madeawa-oo the st ans-eturn matters have taken he plots to havo Fritz convieted ns p. fiv-E-er. but fills into his own trap, aad, wifh an acciniplico named Joui Cadge, disappears f iratawje-irsititonrisinretirom nt. . dip third aud last net, which ¡s'fivo ypa.-s later, linds FriU settled down as a pro-perons miller "with Kafarina for his wife, and a liitlo olive b auch, niuied Schnöder. Craft n and Cadge, roloased from gool, obtrude themselves noon Ibis scene in search of plunder and revonae. Onlv Katarina and her ch'ld a-o at home. The villain!- bind the former with her hands behind ; and to prevent her'frini aereiming nn alarm, little Schneider is placed em the top of the mill-wheo!, which Craft in stands toidy t > sot in ni ti in in tho «vent of any disturbance on the oiiit of tho mother. Cadao goes into ta« house to secuio the bootv. Katarina, however, manages to seize a bell-rope with her teeth, and rings out an alarm-Crifton starts the mill wheel, a troap of neighbours rush in, with FriU at the hoad of them, just in time to save liltle Schneidor from destruction; somebody shoot» Craf ton dead, Cndere is made to drop through a trap door into the Mill-race, and, amidst the exoitpmont which follows,," the curtain, falls. The characteristic of Mr. Emmet's acting i« the ereat good humour which he infuses into it, and which he is eminently successful in communicating to his audience. His Dutp.b'- ' English is porfo"tly nafui a', aud exquisitely clinical. His character songs before the cmrany at Oolone' Crawford's aro a special feature in the performance and aro BX opssivo'y diverting,. The scone in cvurt, vvhero Friti was being t-iod for forgery, oxcited florcnms of, laughter, so infinitely lu liejrous was it. Tho serious parrs of tbo.'piece . wer» also ably oxowot particularly the scene wherein Frit/, makes himsolf known to lvs sister: but it is in comedy that Mr, Etuinet's furte. lies. ' Ho has cnoiiffh to do. for ho is on thn stage almost from first, to last;, nil 'he other parts are m»rely the setting in which tho .iewel is disnlaj'cd. . Yet 'ho intcre-t neyor wearies; but. from be- ginning to end Fritz is always welcomed. As a musio-an, as Well ns an actir, Mr. 'Emmet has great abilities., His, performnniea on the guitar, the drum, and ospeoinlly.fhe mouth-harmonic, Avoro excellent. On the last-named, instrument ho played no IPSS than fivo distinct variations on " Home, sweet home," and with RIIPU effect as 'to rocoivo the heartiest applnuse. He was called before the curtain at tho close of each ait. The other characters in the play wore nil very well sustained. Miss Muggie Stewait acquitted herself very ably in the part of Katarina, but, her vnico is somewhat weak, and she is under ilia disiid -vantage of speaking har part in untainled Engli-b, without a partiólo of D11M1 llavour. Mrs. Belton, ¡is Louisa (Fritz's sister), acted with much feeling, nnd wns very successful.' Miss N. '.Stuart, as Cib.nel Grafton's own daughter. Miss' Patty Holt as Mippy (a dtudgo) Mr. F. BaHon as Colonel' Ci-afton, jSIr. Harry Sefton as Elias Grim, aud Mr. "Tí. S. Slovvart as Julius Snow, wore tbo remninins: orin-ipal per fonnera, and eaah contributed materially to the success of the play. THE RHV. CHARLES CLARK'S LECTURE ON CuoMWiiLL.-The repetition of the Ttev. Charles Clark's lecture on "Oliver Cromwell," on Saturday evonini-, wns in every way na succssful us its lirst delivery in Sydney. The hall of the School of Arts was densely crowded with an audience at onco sympathetic and appreciative ; and the lecturer's admirable eWuri >n, his alternations from "grave ti gaj', fr..m lively to sever.?," and, abo^e K11, his quiet but, quaint local allu«ions, interspersed throughout and ¡Ilustrativo of h¡9 moi e serious historical theme, wore highly relished bv his listeners, nnd applauded to the echo. The lectuie on" Thackeray" will bu given forth« first tinto this 'Monday) evening We hive been requested to mention ihnf, for the convenience of persons «e Hiring num. bored seats, an alteration has been made in the entrance arrangements at the School of Arts vvhiah will conduce to the facility of obtaining seats. WILSON'S CIRCUS.-On Saturday afternoon, Mr. Wilson entertained, at his mammoth hinpndrouio the children of the Randwick Asylum. In the" forenoon tho whole stit-nith »f the omnañy proceeded, in costume, to tho Eandwi 'k Asylum in p ocessiou, and they were there joined by Ibo youue-ters, who were convoyed "to the circus by aho'it 270 cab.-, the proprietors of which grituitously placed theil- vehicles at the aispnsil of the cbildion The ptccs^ion, which was about a mile and a half in lensth, was headed by two omnibuses ciiitainina; he band of "tho Eandwick Asylum «nd the St Vinoonf bmd. Not only, however, did Mr. sVilson ¡rive rbein a Ires admission to his entertainment, but ho also piovided oich ein d with frait and cake-dc-licicies whijh were, no doubt, very accontablo. Tho childtpn weie c nyeyed ha'le to the institution hy omnibuses placed ¡it their disputai by the different co.n' panios, Gteit praise is due to thoso' cabmen who freely offered the us* 01 their cabs; and as it is seldom that the public have a good opportunity of judginsr of the i|U,ality or horse-flesh employe! in the Sydney cabe, lust Sat-irdav's procession sho-ved that they wei-obv no means of an inferior quality. AVo have been requested to slate that the prices of admission to the circus have been reduced. v 