t o w^T4ltsSf 1 Let the croakers about^aeoay'y^Suio tarte, the j lack of appreciation of high srt,dnmatio,mns^l,or' literary, and the general depravify of the public jpalate for amusement, take heart of grace. ThlnficanH»tbe: quite so far gone as the dismal chorus of melancholy musicians, faint-hearted fiddlers, lamenting lecturers and landscape painters, and -unappreciated trsnius generally, would have us believe when mi eh high artists as those brilliant representatives «f the Batch school at the Boyal are jet in the full blaze ef popu larity, and the latest accomplished fact in pur ' art progress is the formation of that new and promising aspirant to popular favour, the 'Australian Oomique Union.' Let discordant musicians crash their cymbals together in fierce newspaper battle over the groat 'Tweedledum v. Tweedledee' controversy while the supporters of the rival dramatis houses mingle strife and drinks together over -the, relative merits of the high Italian and the low Dutch school, and Mr John Stewart runs amuck amongst our whole sys tem of public culture, from the learned professors of the University to the hnmble mountebanks of the AssemUy. There is; peace in the hallg ?I Homus, if nowhere else, and surely hope for the pub lic taste and morals yet in the fair days to come, when Art's highest achievment shall, be a successful 'break- down,' and Humanity's grandest hymn, a comic song 'Handel's ghost,' may henceforth rest in peace, and the perturberi spirits of Mozart and Mendelsohn cease to shiver in their shrouds at the dull groaning of mur dered Masses, redeemed from their'wone than purga torial painB by those mighty masters of the musie of tbe future, the divine Bickards and the deathless Barry O'Niel. Sir. Fosberry is to be congratulated on his well-won triumphs in re that very tongh customer, the much mauled and mangled Burns. : After seventeen days hard police-court battle, the Inspector-General has a*, last got his man down as effectually as bis gallant constables did in the first instance, and, we sospectt in not much gentler fashion. It was necessary in the interests, if not of justice at. any rate of the officers of justie e, to prove that Bums was drunk, and accordingly he was so1 proved' though it took seventeen days to do it, and ap parently as much hard swearing to get .him satisfac torily disposed of, as in the first instance it did hard knocks. Thus justice, when not short and sharp,' ig slow and sure. It may be left to Mr. Burns, who has now experienced each kind of justice, te say which ha likes best, but it is certainly a feather in the cap of our chief officers of justice to have proved themselves equally adept at both. 