ENTERTAINMENTS. - TEE THEATRES, &c.; Hoch more might be said of Mr. Adams's Hamlet than has been said. It is a Hamlet to be studied, to be dwelt apoo, to be pon dered over, to be analysed, to be investi gated. It may not be the ideal Hamlet. Nevertheless, if the emphasis of language have anything to do with the expression of aonl-meaning, Mr. Adams's Hamlet will oommand and deserve attention on these grounds. It is « good thing to know that, in these days of dramatic flippancy, there are actors thoroughly imboed with the Shales pearian spirit. So long as there ace actors of (lie Adams stamp, Shakspeare will continne to hold his own upon the stage. j I read a letter in The Argus the other day, togned "Montgomery," in which the writer professed to think that, ezoept Mr. Adams, there was no one else in the Royal company capable of acting Shakspeare. I am not in the habit of calling names, bat if I ware, I should call that " Montgomery," in the language of Hamlet himself, " A rash in truding fooL" I am not going to declare that the company of the Royal is perfect, bat, taking them as a whole, they are a good company-intelligent, painstaking, discern ing, and histrionically refined. It might or it might not be a good thing to have Mm. $cott-Siddons and Mr. Adams together, bat it does not follow thai; became they cannot be brought together, therefore Shakspeare can* not be well played. "Rash intruding fools * -i-the language you will bear in mind is Shakspeare'a-of this '' Montgomery" stamp, will perpetually rush in where people who take a more reasonable view of the situation Hesitate to tread. I find, after a good many years' of experience in theatrical criticism, th&t; those who axe most confident in giving opinions on theatrical matters, are those whoee experienoe is moet limited, and whose mental calibre is most contracted. I own I ttislj the Royal Company were supplemented by some names I oould mention. Neverthe less, even without those names, it is a very fair company, and we might go a long way and not find a better. On Wednesday,' Mr. Adams appeared as Enoch Arden, in the drama of that name. In America he has, so I learn, clayed the part a great many times, and has gained much praise for his playing. And undoubt edly he has deserved the praise. His acting in it is distinguished by depth, ewpestntms and a certain dreamy picturesqaeness. More* over, it Is consistent and unbroken, and so there is nothing to disturb the imagination from generally taking in the whole sad story. It is impossible for any acting, however good, to convey to the mind the same impression as is to be gathered by reading the original poem, but certainly Mr. Adams helps yoa to forget the materialism of the stage as welt as It seems possible for this to be done in such a piece as this. ; The other parts werereasonaUy well played, and Master Bryer, whosnstained the character of Walter Arden, delivered oneof his speeches so well as to obtain a very distinct mark of approval from the audienoe. : Last night week, that is to say Friday, September 29, Mrs, Scott-Siddons gave another reading at the Opera-house. The best thing she did was "A Senator En tangled,* and the manner in which Mrs. Scott-Sid dons read this selection, confirmed ijaefn p>y opinion that it is in a certain kind of humour. wherein sip most excels. I do not know if she slugs, but if she does. and she would declare for opera bouffe, she would distance a good many oom. petitors. I do not'langh muoh at the theatre ; as a rule I find the theatre rather a sad place ; bu^Idid hpghat tta reading of " A Senator Entangled." ? The accent of tbe Italian bonnteas was complete; not a bite* aggented, and the American drawl bf *thi» senator was life-like. Moreover/it wssone of those racy little bits wlikhisre fOBtsaffl. d«ntlr*ftgt^ withoiifc overselling the line of propr/etj. It is so delidkm* to go aalteto tjbe edgeof tty». pxeciptop pnd not to fall over. And this sedation Mrs. Soott-Siddons made thoroughly comprehensible. All the rest of her readings Bank Into subordination besides this. . On the following night Messrs. Biker and Farron appeared for the first time in a ghee entitled "Conrad and Lizette," lb, plays a stolid German, Mr. Farron a German girl of the Lizzie Stofel kind, and an plosive Irishman. Beginning with lit. Farron-for he 'merits the first word of -it is to be said that he is extremely clever in his way. Bis assumption of female attri. bates is as good as anything I have ever seen of this kind, and a great deal better than most of the sort Mr. Farron is lame, from a dreadful accident he experienced some years ago, bat yoa cannot easily discover that he is lame, he moves upon the stage so adroitly. I did not think it was possible for there to be sach a complete differenoe be. tween two characters-the two being played by the same person-as between his Lfeette and bis Tim Flaherty. They are at the antipodes of each other. The one is quaint, feminine, gentle, unaffected; the other is explosive, effervescing, self-asserting, minv dons. And the brogae is admirable. II the bills bad announced that the two puts of Lizette and Tim Flaherty were sustained by different actor*, I could well enough have accepted the assurance. Mr. Baker's Conrad is a goodfcxample of the heavy, unimaginative German. It is, I have no doubt, quite a natural performance, bat, probacy on that account, it is not very interesting. Of the piece, I daresay it suits very well the purpose for which it was intended. It brings in the peculiarities of the two acton whom the public assemble to see. It ilia* bates their exceptional cleverness. As a drama, there is not much to be sud for it. It is a story of villany foiled and virtue triom* pliant, and. there are in it interpolations which are neither of the vfllanoua nor the virtuous order, but only comic. To wit the duet of "The Muldoon Guards." Now, " The Muldoon Guards " is a kind of imita. tion of the Gensdannes duet in " Genevifeve de Brabant." and it is quite as funny as that duet. While it is being sung, it occupies the attention of the audience to the entire suspension of the action of the piece. The development of the "Guards" is an er. quisitely Indicrous incongruity. As thus-A jonng lady has been carried off by ruffians, and a German and an Irishman solemnly swear to rescue her. For this purpose they put on military dresses, of no particular uniform; they arm themselves with highly irregular weapons, and they rush forth into the forest prepared to bring back the lady, or die in the endeavour to dosa, But no sooner do they reach the recesses o! the forest than they sing " TheMuldoon Guards," forgetting the lady and her danger and intent obly upon themselves and the audience. I am bound to say that they make the audi ence forget the lady too, tfcey sing "Th» Muldoon Guards"so well; but at, according to the bills,-jthey have sung it 1,500 times, they conldhardly halp but sing it welL Itii burlesque, very broad burlesque, and it ha no more connexion with the drama than placards on a wall have with the wall itself. It is an accident, an interpolation, aaez crescence, an impertinence, an incongruity, a break, an interruption, a parenthesis-^ thing else that is out «f harmony. It is as if, in the middle ol the dagpa-w^e in "Macbeth," Macbeth should oome down to thetoottigfrteandring "TheB»jrf Biscay," *nd at the end of ike and cutDuncan's throat as it norochtaa* had happened. Perhaps ^requires tow * get need to these breaks. j told, they have long been used to theuL-J dare Bay weahatt growajmilariywdm^.^ but at firet they are The question is. should we like dance, apartfrom their diama of some kind! , toob< Farron, | believe, have tain dramas in which their spemaltaeeB^ be more thoroughly interwoven, bat P Boodaolt Ua«U, I Interest of the song and. daooe. remains yet to beseen how^^^^ oompliahed. Meanttmeit musv ruk«r and Farron, esp*""?, Sr gwat works of a like kind. And, in J£ he well deserves the congratulation; S on no similar occasion do I remember J oratorio being, altogether, more efficiently 8 fnrmed . more especially aa to the choral ^ S 0?the perfect way in which some p°'' were given, it would be difficult fco jLak too highly, and this completeness Iwrrbody knows i8 owing to the zealous care t^d indefatigable energy with which the «Mutante have been taken through their ? ®w bs Mr. Herz. The reBult is most Stable both to Mr. Herz and to the ladies 'A eentlemen who co-operated with him. r.hJj probably, have more to say about :Wb WOIk and the manner of its representa £n next week. In the meantime aU lovers of good and great music will be glad that Lta's oratorio has been brought out BO thoroughly well, and with such a generally regardful attention to its singular beauties. The Fakir of Oolu, at St George's Hall, has aroduced another of the ghost dramiettas, in which the author appears to have taken hia inspiration from one-of Dickens' Christ* «« stories. It is neatly constructed, in ceniouBly produced, and cleverly acted,and it helps to pass the evening pleasantly away. Of the rest of the entertainment, to say that it is as good as ever, is only another way o! saying that it is, of its kind, as good as it can be. On Saturday night and Toesday night Mademoiselle Jenny Claus renewed her pleasant acquaintance with the public of thiB city. The audiences on both occasions were not large, bat they were discerning. I sup pose it takes an especially qualified musical aptitude to be conscious of all the exquisite beauties of perfect violin-playing. That is to eay, it requires an educated ear properly to estimate them, and so I suppose this number of tboee who are able to be genuinely and sincerely enthusiastic over Mademoiselle Jenny Claus's playing, is limited. More in the pity, for she iB a rare musician, with a delicacy of perception it is quite refreshing to he made cognisant of. She is going away Boon, and I suppose we Bhall hear her no more. But she will remain in our meiuo:ies like the sunshine of a calm summer's after noon. Last Christmas, in the pantomine at the Theatre Royal, a very young lady-Miss Joey Brookes-Bhowed great proficiency as a duuseuse. On Monday evening, at the Temperance-hall, there was "Agrand com plimentary concert and ball tendered " to the MifiB Joey Brookes. I did not stay to the ball, and 1 did not hear all that was song and played, nor see all that was danced, bat I saw Misa Joey Brookes dance, and, in common with others who saw her, was much pleased with the progress she has made since I saw her last. She is only 12 years of age, but she is very' graceful, bright, and intelligent, and ehe eeems likely to make a figure. It was intended that she should also sing on the occasion, but the friends who assisted her mustered so strongly that the programme WBB quite fall without requiring much from her, and the house was almost as full as the programme. Hie Anglo-American company at the Apollo-hall are the moet cheerful of minstrels. The semi-circle includes three young ladies, and only the corner- men-Messrs. Buckley and Medina-have Mack faces. The ladies have not wonderful -voices, but they sing very pleasantly, and as if they wished to please. Miss May Vivian, especially, rings as if she thought leas of herself than the Bong. Mr. Brown, whom I remember dis mally in opera some time ago, is much more at home as a white-faced minstrel than as an operatic basso. He sang "Alone in the desert" with quite a dramatic expression, *hich, if it was not all that poor Itaquhinon used to make it, was yet better than a good many singers whom I have heard sing were able to make it Mr. Buckley's Stump speech, if old of its kind, cannot bat make yon laugh, especially the concluding part of it The Australian Boys sad their sister Lucy are suggestive)^ dtver, especially the sister Luoy, in the triple eand-jig, and the old comic sketch of "Can I have that water-barrel" is as divert' iDg as it always was. Mr. Buckley's humour has certainly greatly developed. I admit" that the " Anglo-American Company" amuses me very much. It is not high art, nor poetic but it is pleasant art, and ft is certainly better than a good deal of art which is more pretentions, but not half so entertaining as teat of the Anglo- American company. Mr. Wilson purposed opening his circus ..m night, but the wind determined other *Te, atad most unkindly blew his canvas *o pieces. It would seem as if the announce ment of the opening of a circus ought to be accompanied by a proviso, such as used to be inserted in the advertisements in the old J**". when thete were only sailing ships, Sf ,}8 'J? ®ay, "wind and weather permit «°& Nothing daunted, however, an army .I-ieps)tera has been set . to work, wad in Jpite of weather, the opening will positively Place to-night, with a degree of equeB wian splendour that is to go beyond all pre. y,0®? cirenB splendonrs. The injury done r? *he wind was fortunately confined to the aot ®*tend to ,the performers. w qoaqmpedt, TASira I 