WHEN we tako'a bciof retrospect of . political events in New South Wales, we are reminded very forcibly of the rapid flight of time, and of the alow progress of improve ment and development that follows in the wake of every change of Government. We presume that this result is only the natural current of events which mark the early era of nny new country, nnd as such, New South Wales, although the parent ctf England 'a colonial possessions, must for many years be regarded. Uiiprincipledadventureresand politi- cal schemer^ are to be found in every com munity, and the lapsa of years can hardly purify the air of official circles. The love of self and personal aggrandizement are the most striking of bunjnn attributes, and in no social circle is this peculiarity so discernible, ob in that of the colonial politician. As a rule he is impecunious and his pocket yawns for the crumbs that fall from the. Treasury table ; he enjoys tho acquaintance of many poor relations, and he is palled, upon. to. immolate himself on the altar of political rectitude, and thus, become the bu,tt for the censure of the oppositionists. It is a well established fact; that a soldier, who by bravery and b.er.oism, rises, from the ranks andobtains.tilje distinction of receiving a. com mission, becomes the greatest martinet and oppressor, of the v.erj; men. from whose class he hns SDr,i)ng ; ao itj is in Parliamentary, circles^ ?we find the very man, who can coi^ure up I$jau},a Ghosts for an especial purpose ; the pawling sycophant wljo.cap suck through dupgeon. bars the dying breath and maudlin ' statements of a condemned criminal, debarred of, reasop, by tb e influence of fanaticism ; tlje sanctimonious sleek-coated individual, whp, when engaged in, trade and, pplitijs. a,t the same time, makes the one subservient to the Other, and in the maintenance, of business relations would not hesitate to sell his official character, or perhaps thai; aerial substance ? lji.s soul itself— fpr a f.ew plugs pf tobacco, strive to blacken the characters of those! ppposed to them. Who, may we. ask has a better right to. speak; pf, the. wastes and morasses of '?' Ould Ireland, ' $ban the '. bog trotter ' himself 1 And who may we enquire '?'''. $hu yeieci omciAi- ' rniuiny nuii aiptuuiauc . chicanery better than those who have them selves wallpwed ;n -h,e mire pf, parliamentary life 1 It is upon these grou.nds that ^re view with suspicion the ^eat anxiety th,^ is dis played by Sydney men to represent us, and, get into the H.ouse, {or whether; fpr u gold field, a pastoral, or agricultural electorate, V«re. o,rp always, apu%a1.ua fpr a vacanj seatj in Macquarie-.street The la,vy pf. arrest f,or debt being a,hpjftahed, genders it unnecessary for the, spendthrift to. seek protection in Parliament ; tb.e equal position pf an M.P. is *»ot so exalted asvto. require such competition, and although, he is. not so degraded as. a Victorian politician, whp, like, a '.' hackney cabman is paid to, move p.n,'. we. fail to. see Where the inducement hangs put, unless the recipient pf Legislative honors accepts the position pf the donkey w,hen he gate pn a '?' good, cpromon,'1 anfl makes, hay wjben, the sun shines. Accepting then the theory that everyone coins into Parliament linn nltpri™ mntitui that he either, seeks place or; pelf, or bsUeyea that the position will shed a halo of respecta bility over tb,a scenes, of h.' daily occupation, we fail to. sea v/hy every Electorate does not return some one from arapne; themselves, and not accept Sydney as the oply politipal breeding establishment in the colony. It is imp.cis.Bib.le to ta.ka the statistics, of plder countries as any example for the guidp aoce of New South Wales in lipr Mini™ #-r representatives. It may happen in England th^t some counry magnate represents in the House of Commons, the. interests of a ma,nu? factoring d.is,trict ; hut then it mu,st be remembered, that Ws ideas, h.ava been matured and enlarged by travel a,ud, research, in the pjtist civilized portions pf. the globe ; h.a may patniplly be of a, niech.au.ical tu,rn, pf, mind, and though pnengaged in, trade may make it his especial w^.'kinlifehis— especial forte. Brides, in densely populated countries one industry depends, pn another, and as exemplified by the passing pf tb,e 'i JJniou Ohargeability Bill ' some years ago through the British Parliament, it was shown unniistakgably that it was im possible to separata the various classes, and, as one gained by the other's toft and labor, so. it was necessary (o form one general fund, for tbe relief of the pqor of all classes ,£ b'' in the pilaQies it in difjerant ; here we bava separate itidustries., a.n4 we require ourseveralad»:ocatos to represent our local nnd individual interests ;fa the House. It is n,nt for the elector* to be continually pastjng th.eir member *a to the . pourse be is fo pursue, and the action he is t« ? -ka; wo aqppose that hi« qualifications are. . ?'? sych, as to f)j|ly allow ^W tp.achieve tha honor be' solicits by fulfilling the task ha appepts, fljid if a member is. pnstedi nslbe should, be in the requiieraents of his ^leptorate, we fail' to «ce bow any reminder frpni bis constituents ai- fB y^ jjp w r-3 §° ?!!D ^F TO^ed in any other light than an insnlt to one who in his addresses promised to watch and to study tbe wants of the Electorate. For Mr Leaky we have a sincere regard, for we believe he is removed from the common herd of pelfgrab bing politicians ; but still he is too far away from this'Eleotorate to be able to fairly repre sent us, and besides, be has no local experience which above all things is required. If we post Mr Leaky with tbe particulars of any requirement he will do his best to obtain it'for us ; but t1 en as a rule persons are too negligent ever to bring these matters under his notice. We require a man interested in this district to represent us, whose own daily experiences tutor him, as it were, with the wants of tbe district, and we require him in his place to watc'i the business of the House, and so grasp the very first opportunity of conferring a benefit on his Electorate, An old miner is pasted in tbe ' ins' and ?i outs ' of a gold-field ; a squatter is well up in tbe advantages of station property ; whilst a free- selector is able to adroonte the rights of his fellow agriculturist. Why then, may we ask, is not every distriot represented accord ingly, so that every olass of colonists ihould be fairly and honestly represented in tbe House 1 We are opposed to moneyocraoy, and decline to believe in Sydney members, be they ever so. honest or painstuking in tbe advocacy of tbe rights of the electors, when they are apprised of them. We require men who are conversant with the district they seek to re present, men who by experience have ac quired knowledge, and not parrot-fashion have learnt it, and until constituencies refuse to be hoodwinked, and njisled by the honeyed words and promises of metropolitan aspirants sp long shall we fail to bring the importance of outside districts under direct Governmental notice. If a man, reared in the country, ignorant of trade and its numerous intricacies, sought to represent a large mercantile com munity, his views would be questioned and his assurance ridiculed, and yet we find men who cannot tell the difference between (mica and gold representing a gold-field, and others whose experience of wool is confined to' it in it;3 manufactured state, attempting to. perform the duties for a member of a pastoral district. The present Parliament is fast drawing to a close, and electors will do well to return the men alone who are in every way suited to ' fulfil the functions of a member for the con stituency they seek to represent. The Qundagai district is. a large one, and we number in our midst, many, men, who have risen into affluence with the growth pf tb,?, Dlace. Why then should they not obtain the confidence of this electorate, and in Parliament, whilst study ijg their own individual interests, confer a benffit on tbe community, at large, by advocating the development of the district? 'We dJnot disparage Mr. .Least in any way, but me consider his sphere of usefulness is elsewhere, nearer to the scene pf his. residence and occupations ; be is willing to. strive for. his constituents, ib always courteous, energetic and urbane, but he is wanting in a full knowledge of tbe district, and it is upon these, grounds, and these alone, that we advocate the return of a local representative to Parliament at the next general election. 