OPENING OF THE NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH, WODONGA. [By our own reporter.] Wodonga suffers in its higher as well as in its more material interests from too close proximity to Albury. Twin sisters the towns have been termed, but if in infancy they were alike, Albury has so far outgrown Wodonga that there are no longer pretensions to equality. Albury, in fact, overshadows Wodonga, and de presses it socially, materially, and even religiously. Just as the superior com mercial capabilities of Albury have a deadening influence on business in the Victorian border town, the superior at- tractions of a larger community, and the institutions that community has been able to establish, prejudicially affect the social advancement, and intellectual and religious activity of the smaller population. Thus the spacious and noble edifices erected in Albury for the worship of God have tended, if not to prevent church erection in Wodonga, to cause it to be less zealously undertaken than if there had been no "places in which prayer might be made" within reach of the re sidents of the border. Wodonga has for some time emerged from what may termed the chrysalis state, but the Catholic residents — a tolerably strong body — have been content to use for wor- ship a structure erected when it was only a township in name, and it is only within the last few days that an edifice more suited to their requirements, has been partially completed. This has not been owing to the lack of liberality or of reli gious devotion, but is to be attributed to the fact that there has not been a press ing necessity for church accommodation, owing to the spacious building in Albury dedicated to St. Patrick being within easy distance. Latterly, however, it has been felt that in consequence of the in crease of population in Wodonga and district, and with a view to greater atten- tion being paid to the spiritual interests of the rising: generation, the time had come when increased Church accommo- dation ought to be provided. Funds were collected, a neat modest brick building was commenced, and partially completed, but as the incubus of debt was deter mined to be avoided, it was at a stand still for a time, until additional funds were forthcoming. Fresh exertions were made, and enough money raised to roof in the new edifice and connect with it the old building, which will be used until the new church is completed according to plan — no distant date — if Wodonga becomes the headquarters of a clergyman. On Sun day the church, although still in the hands of the contractor, was opened for purposes of devotion, on the occasion, of the first visit of the Right Rev. Dr Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, to the ex treme limits of his diocese. Contrary to use and wont, omnibusses and other vehicles laden with passengers arrived in Wodonga from Albury, instead of their being filled with Wodonga residents going to attend service in Albury. The members of the Hibernian Australian Catholic Benefit Society assembled at the Prince of Wales' Hall, and, decorated with their regalia, marched in procession to the church, which was crowded, the outlying districts, as well as Albury, being well represented. Mass was cele brated by the Very Rev. Dean Tierney, who accompanied the Bishop of Sand hurst on his visitation, the Very Rev. Dr McAlroy, Vicar-General of the diocese of Goulburn, also taking part in the cele bration. The music chosen was Mr Alpen's mass in C. Miss Dwyer sang "Regina Coeli with great sweetness and excellent effect, and the whole of the musical portions of the service were ad mirably given. After mass had been celebrated, the Bishop preached a most eloquent sermon, taking his text from the 103rd Psalm. Speaking to the text, the right reverend preacher said that in the words he had quoted the royal prophet gave utterance to ecstasies of admiration and thanksgiving. Contem plating the wonderful works of God, as displayed in the government of this world, and the creation of all things therein contained, his soul takes fire, and he breathes forth the purest and most unmixed devotion. Lifting his soul to heaven, and soaring above the material world, he contemplates the new world and the spiritual kingdom, the throne of Him who covereth himself with light as with a garment, and who stretcheth out the curtain of the heavens. Then glancing at the earth, he sees in everything around him, in the silent forces of nature, in the changes that are continually taking place, every where discernible the hand of God. The words spoken as many centuries ago by the royal sage were, said the preacher, now being fulfilled. The face of the world was being changed by the spreading abroad of religion, and the raising up in all lands of a people who love God in spirit and in truth. This day they com memorated the descent of the Holy Ghost ; the establishment of the Church of Jesus Christ. Many great truths were comprehended in the mystery of the des- cent of the Spirit of God on the disciples of Jesus Christ. God had from all eter- nity foreknown the fall of man, and had formed a plan for his future redemption. God the Son sealed that plan by his precious blood on Calvary. The third person in the glorious Trinity completed the work on the day they commemorated by infusing his living spirit into the ma terial body of Jesus Christ— the Church. On this great day the Church celebrates the anniversary of her own nativity. The saints, those great servants of God, who adorned the Church in every age, who shone in glory end splender, but who shone with a reflected light, were the outcome of the miraculous descent of the Holy Spirit of God. To that miraculous descent was to be attributed tho zeal of the martyrs who had sealed their testi mony with their blood, the constancy of the faithful under every form of trial, the purity of the virgins who had devoted their lives to God. To it they were in debted for the privileges they enjoyed as members of the Holy Catholic Church, and for the greater privileges and bles sings to which they looked forward in. the New Jerusalem, when they had finished their course. God was bound less in goodness in being so mindful of man. He had loved humanity so well that he had given his only begotten Son for a ransom, and had given His Spirit to pour out blessings on the world. The knowledge of that love ought to fill the the hearts of the members of His Church with divine love and charity, and to cause them, like the royal prophet, to pour forth the purest and most unmixed devotion. On this day they were not celebrating a mystery that had long passed away, but they were celebrating a mystery that had continued in the church, and would be continued until the end of time. It was true that the Holy Ghost did not descend in living tongues of fire, us in the days of the disciples ; the Blessed Spirit did not manifest himself to the senses and endow the preachers and teachers with miracu lous powers, as was the case with the disciples, but he filled the heart of the faithful with his benediction, and admin- istered their zeal in the service of God. Miraculous powers were conferred on the disciples in order that the church might be established, but these were not now required, as the Gospel had been spread abroad amongst the nations of the earth, and the great truths of Christianity were made known in every land. Before the descent of the Holy Ghost on the apos tles, the preacher said that God was only served in one temple, and there very badly served. Throughout the world the temples raised for public worship were devoted to false gods. Man, although made in the image of God, had degene rated, and worshipped the work of his hands ; even, the beast of the field be came the object of devotion. Those who had acquired the names of heroes, who had distinguished themselves by the slaughter of their fellow men were ele vated to the position of gods, and made the objects of sacrifice. Everywhere throughput the world, excepting Juden, temples were established for the worship of monstrous divinities, and the religion of the great portion of humanity was an apothesis of vice and cruelty. The apostles received a commission from their divine master to break down the empire of Satan that for many year's had reigned in the hearts of men. It was the wicked passions of humanity that first gave rise to the worship of false gods ; out of their own evil thoughts men constructed duties to whom the attributed all the wicked ness that degraded poor human nature, and thus in process of time the earth became filled with violence and cruelty. But God was mindful of His creatures; He took upon Himself the likeness of humanity, and opened up a way of redemption by his precious blood on Calvary's cross. When he ascended into Heaven, His Holy Spirit descended on the disciples and filled, them with miraculous power to enable them to over throw the kingdom of darkness, and establish His Church. In undertaking this mission the apostles had many diffi culties to contend with. Against them were arrayed philosophers and, sages, learned in all the learning of the schools ; legalists with a knowledge of the intrica cies of the law; the rich and great ones of the earth ; the greatest military power that the world ever saw; earth and hell combined to withstand them. But by the miraculous power conferred on them by the Holy Spirit they were sustained. Without riches, without learning, with out arms, without credit, by the wisdom of God, which chooseth the week things of the earth to confound the mighty, they spread abroad the glad tidings of salvation, and established on a basis that could never be shaken, the Church of God. Sustained by the same Divine Spirit that descended on the apostles in tongues of living fire, when seated in an upper room in Jerusalem, their successors preached the gospel in every land, so that everywhere the name of Jesus Christ was made known. Never had the power of the Spirit been better illustrated than in the present age. The truths of the gospel were being proclaimed in every land. Under the most illustrious Pontiff that ever sat on the chair of St. Peter the Church was as it had been in the days of the apostles, victorious over the empire of Satan, and was opening up to all nations the way of redemption. In this new laud which they had adopted as their own, where until a few years ago the name of God had never been heard, thanks be to God the Father, to God the Son, and to God the Holy Ghost, the Church was firmly established in every part of this immense country, as in other parts of the world. The gospel was being preached, churches were being raised to the service of the living God, and schools were being es tablished for teaching their children the truths of their holy religion and fitting them to take part in this life and the life hereafter. They had every reason to rejoice that the country was filled with missions, and that everywhere through out the land the glad tidings of salvation were being preached. In the church that had been opened on this day, com- memorative of the miraculous descent of the Holy Spirit, they and their children would assemble to hear the truths of their holy religion, and be filled with the blessings of divine grace, to enable them to partake of the greater blessings in store for those who serve God in humility and in truth. From the zeal and de votion they had displayed he felt con fident the next time he visited them, that the church would be completed, and would not only be an ornament to the town in its external appearance, but a proof of their zeal and devotion to their holy religion. After concluding his sermon, of which we have only given an outline, the Bishop administered the sacrament of confirmation to forty-two young persons. In a most impressive manner he explained to them the nature of the sacrament, and the obligations it imposed on those who partook of it, and in simple, yet forcible, language coun selled them as to the life they ought to lead in order to secure happiness in this world and in the world to come. The pronouncing of the benediction brought the services to a close. About £40 were collected in aid of the building fund of the church, and there is reason to believe that before long the hope given expression to by the Bishop will be fulfilled. Pitosi-eotina at Osieck — Another report from the foreman of tlio Omco prospecting party lias been received by tlio Mining de partment. lie states tlmt Ills party has com pleted the track from tlio camp nt the head of Limestone Greek to Reedy Kiver, a distance of about eight, miles. A. tributary of tlio Tamlio iuid tho locality up to the head of the Limestoiiq Creek had been' prospected, but no gold was found. The oountry about the higher portions of- It wily River ho de scribed as n grnuity-lookiiig spot, with long spurs. leading down to the river: Tills was prospected,- but no gold was obtained. Tho country arouud the lower portion of the river was u narrow, crooked) bore, mean- looking place for gold. The- party left this creek on the 1 5th fupt. for the-.tatiap on Ltino stone Crock. 