ORDINATION AND RECOGNITION SEB VICES. There was a large gathering at the Kapunda Congregational Church on Tuesday afternoon last, on the occasion of the ordination of Mr. Fernie, the newly- called pastor of that church. The Key. J. Jefferis presided, the other Con gregational ministers present being the Rev. Messrs. Cox, Fletcher, McMichael, Fergusson, and Dick. - A hymn having been sung, prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Dick, after which the Rev. Mr. McMichael read I. Timothy iii. \- The Rev. Mr. Jefferis mentioned it was customary, at the ordination of ministers in their denomination, that one of the ministers should dieliver a clear statement of the Christian principles on which their church was established, .and he had now to call on the Rev. Mr. Fletcher i ' to do this. The Rev. Mr. Fletcher, having first expressed his hope that the course of ministiy on which <Mr. Fernie was that day entering might be long continued, useful, and blessed, delivered an able address on the subject indicated. All shades of Christians, be remarked, agreed that the early or Apostolic Churches were much more simple in their organization than those of later periods, but the Romanists and Anglicans regarded that .simplicity as a condition of its infancy, and argued that development was the natural ac companiment of its growth. The rev, gentle man quoted the learned Archbishop W hateley's writings to the effect that whilst the early .churches were all branches of one spiritual church, they were each distinct and independent communities on earth, not acknowledging the sovereignty of any one of the churches over any of the others. The Apostles established a distinct church in each city, and sometimes several distinct churches in one considerable province. Thus far the Archbishop was with them, but to justify dominant churches he unduly contended that expedieuey should be considered in adopting a system of ecclesiastical government. Congre gationaliste admitted to a certain degree the principles of expediency and development, but nevertheless maintained that the main principles must be based on Scriptural truths which neither expediency nor development could ajffeat. It was binding on all Christians not fcohe selfish or iso lated in their Christianity, but to'band themselves - together alike for the improvement of themselves and others. Further they held that all united in Christian communities should be 'Christians, personally conscious of the saving and re generating power of the truth as • it was iu Christ Jesus. Therefore they rejected from membership those whose adhesion was merely intellectual. The membership, too, must be purely voluntary—a personal act between the Christian and God. The object of . their connec tion, too, was purely spiritual—not political— they recognized-no dominant power -over the .Church. But at the same time they were bound "to come into contactwith politieal.error—desiring as they did to extend true freedom to all classes. They also held that the' only divinely-appointed permanent offices in the Church were those of Bishop or Pastor, and Elders or Deacons. Hence they had no Archbishop, Prelates, or other dig nitaries in their Church. They did not object that one man.should be elected Chairman of the Union, or one man called Moderator j but they did object to 'a Moderator being able to separate between a pastor and his people. They further held that whilst other ministers, &c.;, might offer advice, the ultimate power of management vested in the members of each church for itself, more especially in the choice of its own officers. They did not recognize the existence of anybody on earth having a Scriptural authority to enforce on the Church the observance of particular rites and ceremonies. And further, even in the matter of doctrine, they held that each Church must be its own interpreter of Divine truths, and not be responsible to others. The rev. gentleman elo quently enlarged on these principles, which he contended were both Scriptural and practical, and from which the further they broke away the less they would preserve the strength of Christ in their midst. After a hymn had been sung, the Rev. Mr. Jefferis, addressing Mr. Fernie, said they had met to rejoice with him on his entry into the work of the Christian Ministry. According to the custom of their Church, he desired to put certain ques tions to him—not to ask as to his belief as though he had not already furnished proof of that, but rather on this occasion to hear from his lips cer tain statements which might be serviceable both to himself and the hearers. Mr. Jefferisat intervals put the various questions, the first being as to what led him to become a Christian ; the second as to what led him to resolve to consecrate his life and talents to the service of Christ as a teacher; and thirdly as to his views on the leading Christian truths. Mr. Fernie gave elaborate answers to these questions. As regards his conversion he said the truths of Christianity had been gradually and imperceptibly impressed on his mind—just as the love of a child for its parent—-so that he could _npt say how or when it began. In reply to the sscond question, he said it bad always been his desire to enter the service of God either as a mis sionary or pastor. Circumstances compelled him to follow secular employment for five years, which he did not regret, but in 1871 he entered as a divinity student. In reply to the third question, Mr. Fernie gave elaborate expositions of his views on the immutable character of God, which was in his ethereal nature. That Q-od was love was the central truth in the light, of which all other truths were to be examined. God was not merely a power to love, but active love itself. He tlien treated elaborately of the three persons of the Trinity, comparing their relations to those sustained towards each other in. the earthly family by the father, mother, and children—the Father being the source of strength, the Holy Ghost's influence being more like the gentler comforting influence of the mother, -whilst the Son combined the attributes of both. He then gave clear expositions of his views on the doc trines of the person of Christ, the .atonement of Christ, and justification by faith. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis thanked Mr. Fernie for his clear statement. Fresh from the teachings of the schools, he could understand his endeavour to grapple with metaphysical difficulties which had baffled the minds of the greatest men for ages past. His speculations as to the relations of the persons of the Deity might appear fanciful, but they did not affect his acceptance of the essential doctrines which, they all held in common. As a matter ot fact he was glad to hear a young minuter have the courage to express himself with so much individuality as Mr. Fernie had done, for it showed that he had directed studious atten tion to the consideration of these questions. In concluding hisTemarks Mr.. Jefferis supplicated the blessing of the Triune God 011 Mr. Feraie, so that in his studies and in his preaching he might be able to seize upon and declare the unalterable power of the Gospel to Eecure tbe salvation of sinners. ' ' » The Rev. Mr. Fergusson then offered the solemn ordination prayer, after which the further pro ceedings were adjourned until the evening meeting. THE TEA MEETING. At 6 o'clock a largely-attended tea meeting was held in the Institute Hall, at which the various tables, which were.bountifully, spread were presided over by lady members of the congrega tion. EVENING- MEETING. At 7 p.m. the services were resumed in the church, the Rev. Mr. McMichael presiding. The proceedings having been opened with singing and prayer, _ Tbe Rev. P. W. Cox delivered the customary charge in the way of guidance and affectionate exhortation to the newly-ordained minister, basing | his remarks on H. Timothy ii., 15 :—" Study to ! show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth." He remarked that it was fitting a young minister should be advised by tbose who . from experience knew something of the perils as well as of the joys of ministerial Wort, of its sources of weakness as well as of its only spring of true strength. It was as sumed by his confession of faith that their young brother lived in daily communion with G-od, trad that he had'availed himself to the utmost of the opportunities afforded iu the course of his studies in connection with this work. There would he many eyes on him-in his new post—the eyes of his brother ministers and of the people amongst whom he laboured. He felt he might even go farther, and say the ordination of a young min ister must be an object of interest even in the unseen, world. The work on which he had now entered was one of jsucti great responsibility— having for its object the eternal salvation of man's immortal soul—that, unaided by O-od's spirit,- no human being would dare to undertake it. - He had to be not only an oral teacher, bnt also a practical exponent of the truths of Chris tianity. The Christian minister partook rather of the character of the prophets of old than of the priesthood. The priest exercised his office on behalf of men towards G-ad, whilst the minister was an ambassador for Q-od, exercising his office on behalf of Grod towards men. A remembrance of this truth would prevent their attaching that midue value to. rites and ceremonies held by some sections of the Christian church. If a man were acting as a priest, appealing on behalf of the people to G-od, lie might do so in a tongue of which they were ignorant, and might turn his back on the people without doing what was in consistent with his prieBtly character j but when the minister remembered he was a messenger from God to the people, he could only address them effectually in a language with which they were conversant, and facing them pray them earnestly in Christ's stead to be reconciled to G-od. If it were priests who were needed he could understand the value of apostolic succes sion if such a thing could be proved, for to such an office there muet be direct appointment by G-od; bnt as the expounder of religious truths the only anthority needed was to be called of G-od to the work. He would caution his young brother to make Christ the centre of all bis teaching, which would still allow that teach ing to be of a varied character, proclaiming the truth in all integrity. A minister must aim at commending himself to the people of his charge and commending the truths of God to every man's conscience—aim not at exciting emotions, but at touching the conscience, even though in so doing he might sometimes preach men out of rather than into the Church. He must impress on his hearers a sense of G-od's goodness ; of the sinfulness of sin ; and of man's salvation, not as wrought out, but as coming to him from above. The world beyond might be very near to them— and the eternal interests involved were of Bach momentoas importance that no interests of this life could counterbalance them. Holiness must be dealt with by him not as a mere theological idea, t>ut as a-practical matter—every human duty to be included and enforced on all classes of his hearers—to do this in all humility, relying on God's all-powerful Spirit. Timothy was exhorted to be a workman who needed not to be ashamed —that is, he was to be so subjected to the fear of God as to cast out all human fear, which too. often proved a snare ; to so conscientiously dis charge his duties as to be able to hold up his head before men feeling that to the best of his ability, and according to the material available, be had done his work. Then he was rightly to divide the Word—which did not refer to the division and subdivision of the heads of a sermon, though this was not to be neglected—but rather to presenting truth harmoniously, not forcing into undue prominence some particular truth and keeping back or diminishing other truths. In conclusion, he would Bay in the words of the Apostle, " Take heed unto thyself and unto the doctrine; continue in them ; fop in doing this thou shalt both eave thyself and them that hear thee." He would exhort him to read God's Word regularly, and to study especially the pas toral epistles till he was, as it were, baptized in the Scriptural injunctions contained therein. And further, he should study the Bible, not simply as a minister, but as an individual Christian. Concluding a forcible but somewhat lengthy address, the rev. gentleman prayed Grod to bless his young brother's ministry in that place, to give him the privilege of seeing those to whom he had ministered growing up in holy lives, the young gaining strength in the conflict, wanderers reclaimed; and that at last he might meet with his people above in the presence of Q-od, where they should be his joy and crown of rejoicing for ever. After a few remarks from the Chairman, Mr. W. Lewis, one of the deacons of the church, was called on, who gave a resume of its history from its establishment m October, 1858, when fifteen of them joined in the establishment of the cause, Mr. Oldham being the originator of the move ment and their first pastor, which office he filled until 1861, when the Rev. Morgan Williams ar rived, who held the pastorate until early in April, 1874, when he left accompanied by the honour and love of his people. On the 12th of the same month the Rev. W. Hopkins arrived to preach for two months with a view to a call, which was given him on May 7, he preaching his first sermon as pastor on the 21st of June, the recog nition services being held on July 26 and 27. On the 16th of December, 1875, the Bev. Mr. Hopkins announced his intention to resign, having accepted a call from the Port Pirie Church. He left on 12th January, 1876. After being supplied by ministers from the neighbour hood and Adelaide, Chid in His providence led Mr. Fernie hither, and in March, he preached twice with such acceptance that at a meeting of the church held on April 12 it was unanimously resolved to ask Mr. Fernie to accept the pasto rate, which resolution was confirmed at a largely attended meeting of the congregation. Ou the 25th April Mr. Fernie accepted the call, aud now these interesting services were being held; Mr. Fernie having been regularly ordained to the Ministry, he was now recognized as their pastor, which office he trusted he ir i^ht long hold, his labours amongst them being upheld by the sym pathy and love of his people. The Rev. Mr. Jegeris was next called on, who said he had been requested to give a few words of counsel and advioe to the members of the church and congregation as to the duty which they owed to their pastor. Personally he would have much rather preferred dealing with the opposite subject, for an experience of seven teen years had made him painfully conscious of shortcomings in his own setting forth of minis terial duties. However, he would speak a few words of loving counsel, and first he would refer to the position to be occupied by the pastor. As had already been. pointed out he was not to be a priest, tod therefore was not endowed with any special. divine authority, nor had he any special sacramental gift conferred on him. He was to be a brother amongst brethren, elected by the brethren to his position for a specific dmi.® purpose—to speak to them from the word of Grod as an ambassador from the Most High. But still there were duties of the highest importance owing from the church to the position to which the. pastor was elected. First, he came sa a leader of' their worship, to preside over their religions gatherings, leading them in prayer into the pre sence of the Divine Being. To assist him in. this they must be regular and punctual in their attendance at their services. They should also praj for their minister alike in tbeir closets* at the family altar, and at the public prayer meet ing, assured that such prayers would be heard and answered. He also came amongst them as their teacher in spiritual things. It was the fashion now-a- days to decry sermons, and to use the term as a synonym for all that was dull, unplea^ sant, and unprofitable. It was true, as he bad already said, that prayer was the most solemn part of their worship, but they must remember that when Christ sent his disciples forth he bade them preachthe gospel to every nation, and the charge to do this wouldlay on all ministers to the end of time. The rev. speaker then proceeded to speak of the teacher's duty in expounding the word of God, and of the duty which his hearers had in this respect. It was not enough that they should just follow him in his twenty-five or thirty-five minutes discourse, and then at its close think no more about it—they were bound to search the scriptures daily whether these things be so. They must not be too critical; they could not ex pect a young man to be fully versed in all the mysteries of the Divine Word. His advance in the knowledge of these would be progressive. They did not ask a young minister at the very outset of his career to give his adhesion and solemn subscription to thirty- nine'articles, bind ing him down to certain dogmatic interpre tations of divine truth, the consideration of which was more than the work of a life time. The career of the Christian minister, like that of the individual Christian, was one in which fresh light was ever being ac quired ; and as his knowledge of things spiritual enlarged it was the duty of the minister to give his people the advantage of his increased light. But on the other hand his people were not to carp at or criticize harshly the utterances of immature thoughts which would from time to time be made. Then, the minister came as an ambassador from G-od, and as such it was his duty to deliver certain messages from G-od's Word whether man would hear or forbear—de livering that message as a faithful herald, even though be himself ungbt not tuiiy understand au its beariDgs. And on their part the duty was to listen to their messages not as the words of the teacher but as those of the Most High. His it was to urge, warn, and entreat them in the name of Christ; theirs to receire and obey such messages, clinging to Christ and thns fleeing from the wrath to come. The minister was also to be a justifier of G-od's dealings amongst men, and. to enforce the duty of strict morality in all life's relations. As an illustration he -would, though it was somewhat personal, mention that doling the past week he was present in the House of As sembly daring a portion of the late crisis debate, when the most pernicious teaching was Uttered, viz., that men might be immortal and andean in private life, and yet Vir tuous and good in public life. Such teach ing was in direct opposition to the teaching, of God's Word ; and he felt it therefore to be hiq duty on the following Sunday to oppose it, and to expound the character of a truly good man, who must be just and perfect in all his ways, whether of a private or public character. They might at times think their minister on such sub* jects was intruding into spheres which did not concern him; but he would point out it was his duty to do so. The great difficulty to ministers ' was to speak directly on spiritual topics in private, and thus much of the time devoted to pastoral | visitation was often wasted, hut it was the duty of the people, if the minister did not do so, to at once lead the way to discussing the soul's eternal interests, not allowing the time to be wasted in idle gossip. The rev. gentleman then spoke of the courtesy and forbearance which was due to the pastor as the acknowledged head of their church meetings and religious gatherings. In concluding his elo.quent address he remarked that he augured weU of the union consum mated that day, as he thought his young brother was one who would work well and' wear well as a minister of God. He prayed that the wishes of Mr. Cox might ^>e fulfilled; that the union made that" day might last for years with the highest spiritual profit to all concerned, the souls of many being brought out of darkness into Gl-od's marvellous light. God grant it might be so for His Name's sake. The Chairman would take, leave tq supply aq omission on the part of Mr. Jefferis, by pointing out that it was one of the duties of the congre gation to provide liberally for their pastor in tem poral things ; having enforced which duty the Chairman said he would now leave the practical part to them, as the collection would tben oe made. The Chairman, after the collection, expressed his pleasure at the kindly feeling existing between, the various non-conforming churches in this, colony, and of the co-operation of the various ministers and churches. He had to apologize for the unavoidable absenee through a prior engage xnent of the Bev. Mr. Lloyd (Wesleyan), and would now ask his Mend, the Rev. Mr. Ashton, to say a few words. The Rev. Mr. Ashton (Baptist) in a few well chosen -remarks expressed his pleasure at being present, and congratulated the church on having obtained so promising a pastor, of whom from what he had already seen he felt confident that the more he saw him the better he should like, him. He was glad on their account, on Mr, Fernie's account, and on his own account that Mr. Ferine was to be settled here. He had been greatly impressed by the solemnity of the ser vices of the day, which carried bis mind back to. the circumstances of his own ordination, and which had led him to consecrate himself afresh, to the service of God. He trusted that, .-'the kindly feelings which had existed between these) churches would be increasingly strengthened, and that each would rejoice in "the other's prosperity as heartily as in its own. The Rev. Mr. Dick was nest called o.n, who? after congratulating the church at J£apunda on securing so able a minister, spoke with consider* able force on the happy influence exercised on the pastor by the sympathy and attention of a prayer ful congregation—maintaining that a sympathetic congregation went far to make a successful pastor. He exhorted this church to manifest that sympa thy for its pastor* The Chairman tfcen briefly alluded to hist approaching departure from the colony, and of the pleasure and profit he had derived from hjhaj. communion with the Northern Association of Congregational Ministers, and would call on hiia whom he might call the lather of that association H3w to address them. The Rer. Mr. Ferguson, io compliance with the call of the Chairman, then addressed the meeting, referring to the xa«ny changes which had transpired, in the persoii&el-; ofthe ministers north of Grawler during the few years he had been here. He expressed his pleasure at the settlement of Mr. Feraie in this town, and his regret at t.he. approaching departure of Mr. McMichael. In response to the call of the Chairman, Mr. Oldham, as the first pastor of the church, briefly reviewed it6 career, and adverted to the many obanges in the religious history of the colony since his ariival in 1838. It had been his privilege be permitted to speak for Christ in Adelaide, Port Adelaide, and nearly all the surrounding towns, and he had more or leBS to do with all the churches established here. The kindly feeling betwixt the various denominations in K&punda; had always existed, and he believed would still increase. He congratulated Mr. Fernie on his settlement here, and the church on having secured him. The services, which were throughout of a very solemn and impressive character, were then brought to a close by Bingiug and the Bar. Mr. Fernie engaging in prayer. 