PAGANISM, MATERIALISM, AND THE SUPERNATURAL. {From the Sydney Morning Herald.) IN every generation there is a tendency among a class of its leading thinkers to regard that particular age as the most critical the world has ever seen. With almost inspired in- telligence they can comprehend the master forces of their time, analyse their strength, estimate their direction, and foretell their prolable results. If they are in sympathy with the spirit of the age, they hail its progress and rap- turously anticipate its triumph. If they are antagonistic to it, they bewail its prevalence, and denounce its influence in hope or fear, according to their own temperament, and their estimate of the gravity of the crisis. That such critical period! are constantly occurring is true enough, for never a century passes that does not witness the death of old and the birth of new ideas in some of the many subjects of human knowledge. How is it passible for hundreds of millions of thinkers to be in the world for thousands of years without making constant additions to the stock of obser- vations and inferences which constitute the intellectual inheritance of mankind ? Mistakes and errors may occur and be prevalent for a time, but even these are probably the only way in which man can reach the truth. The genuine philosophic spirit meets the brunt of free inquiry with chivalrous impartiality, always willing to teach, but never too proud to learn. In his speech on "Hidden Springs," recently delivered in Sydney, Dr. Vaughan assumes the position and performs the functions of one of these seers of the age. He per- ceives a hideous monster preying upon society, and threat- ening religion, morality, and law with utter ruin. With all the eloquence at his command he reveals the sources of the danger, "an unseen influence" which, massively and silently, almost with the sleeplessness and certainty of gravitation, is drawing the world's mind out of its old moorings, where there is comparatively peace and rest, into that " Dark Illimitable ocean, where eldest Night And Chaos, ancestors of Nature, hold Eternal anarchy." That baneful influence, he tells us, is the spirit of Materialism, " a colossus with its thousand heads and hun- dred thousand arms, which, looming in the distance, pro- mises to take captive and enslave the future generations of mankind." In the true spirit of the seer, Dr. Vaughan also forecasts the future. "One thing is inevitable,—men cannot bide on the slope, on the incline ; they must and will eventually, if they follow the laws of logic—a thing not always done as a matter of fact—finish either by becoming Materialists, without God or Christ in the world, or by be- coming Catholics, with the free revelation of our Saviour— on this principle, that, if half a loaf is better than no bread, a whole loaf is better than half a loaf." One can scarcely help regretting that so tremendous an issue should be illus- trated by so homely a metaphor, so different from the grand conceptions of the Puritan poet with which the lecture is so plentifully embellished. According to the test here sub- mitted, Milton was an arch-rebel against the spirit and heart of the Supernatural, and ought to have felt himself logically bound to "the denial of the whole of revelation." How singular that the only epic poem in the English language worthy of being called classic should be a religious poem from the pen of such a man ! Is it not dangerous for Dr. Vaughan to quote so largely from such a suspicious source ? If we understand him, his position is that there is no logical via media between Catholicism and Atheism ; and that is not a very courteous attitude towards other Churches, whose members constitute the great majority of the people of this country, but who accord to their Roman Catholic fellow-citizens the same civic rights and privileges which they claim for themselves. To understand " the perils of the future, and how to meet them," we are invited to a careful investigation of " the three master-forces of the past, the present, and the future, summed up in three words—Paganism, Supernaturalism, and Materialism." With these three forces the lecture deals, concluding with some advice to society as to the best methods of resistance. At the outset, it would be extremely convenient to get a competent definition of terms. If we understand Dr. Vaughan, he meant by Paganism the ecclesiastical polity which was in force in the Roman Empire at the time of its subversion under the Christian emperors. But that is by no means an adequate interpre- tation. There were other paganisms besides those of Greece and Rome, Egypt, Babylon, and Persia, and at the present day the so- called pagan population of the globe is three times as large as that of all Christendom. The Supernatural, again, he centres in that system of dogmas and cultus of which the Vatican is the only and infallible interpreter; but neither for his special claim on behalf of his own Church nor his exclusion of others does he submit any reasons or proofs. The term Supernatural is itself something of an assumption. The Christian miracles, the Incarnation, and all the mysteries, as they are termed, of the common Christian scriptures are believed in as facts by thousands of intelligent Christian men, who regard them as facts of nature in the full sense of that word, and not as in any true sense super- natural. They recognize God is nature as much as in revelation, never contradicting Himself, but controlling all the forces of the universe, and making all contribute to the best results. In devout recognition of the Divine sovereignty, true Christian philosophy asks:— " What is creation else But a vast reservoir of means made for His use and ready at His will ! " In this view there is no such thing as a Supernatural, except in our limited human conceptions and phraseology. But it is one thing to recognize the universal reign of law as an expression of the Divine will, and another to make that recognition an abnegation of the Divine existence. Dr. Vaughan assumes that these two things are logically identical, and on this rock of assumption the whole fabric of his rhetoric—for we cannot say logic— goes to pieces. In regard to Materialism, again, we fail to find any definition in this lecture. From the use made of the term the meaning seems to be that it involves the negation of a perfect God, an immortal human spirit, and all but temporary, changing, perishing, material forms. But by what logical necessity must all who are not mem- bers of the Church of Rome be landed in such results as these? Is it either fair or manly to hurl such reckless accusations against other Churches without a shadow of proof that they have any sympathy with the condemned theories, or that their dissent from Rome necessitates, in logical consistency, any such conclusions ? Of the existence of matter, in spite of Bishop Berkeley's speculations, we have the evidence of our senses, whatever may be the forces indicated by the term matter. Of the existence of spirit we have the evidence of our own consciences, for the best definition of man yet given is that of one of our greatest metaphysicians, that he is " a spirit, served by a material organism." Theology steps in here and says that he is but one order of spirits among an almost endless series, all subject to the Creator and Sovereign of the universe. The men of science have to do chiefly with matter; the men of theology chiefly with spirit. The former is but the ladder to the latter. Would it not be absurd to throw down the ladder in reckless disregard of the use which can be made of it ? That is the folly which Ultramontanism of late has shown itself capable of com- mitting. To humour such folly the world is not likely to stand still. The question for the future is not whether modern civilization will reconcile itself with the Vatican, but whether a Vatican will reconcile itself, politically, scientifically, and socially, with modern civilization. The victory will incline finally to the side which rest on truth. Honest men of every race and creed are willing to rest on such an ultimatum, and therefore they have nothing to fear. "Let us rapidly throw our tape across this Paganism, not so much as an object of present interest, but because we shall thus be the better able to understand the charac- ter of those two other Hidden Springs with which we are principally concerned." Dr. Vaughan is right in tracing the present back to the past, and it is precisely here that a philosophy of history proves its practical value. Our measuring tape, however, must be adjusted to some accredited standard, and not accommodated to the predilec- tions of every self-constituted historical surveyor. It is not yet determined whether a science of history is possible; because science must rest on some criteria altogether removed from the region of controversy, like the axioms of Euclid or the Principia of Newton. Where the pre- misses are disputed, the illation is necessarily liable to dis- pute also. Of nothing is it truer than of an argument that the whole is no stronger than its weakest part. A single defective link may spoil a chain of reasoning in other respects the most perfect ever constructed by the ingenuity of man. What position among the great social forces out of which the present has grown ought to be assigned to the old civilization which prevailed before the introduction of Christianity ? That question has been discussed by some of the ablest pens that ever enriched our literature. The picture sketched in this lecture is painted in shadow un- relieved by a single bright tint. Before the dawn of the Christian era the whole life of the ancient world is repre- sented as a "Total eclipse Without one hope of day." The Pagan god was a monster of lust and murder ; the Pagan man was an imitation of this deified monster. There was no sacred book ; no code of ethics ; no faith in the supernatural ; no religious cultus except one worthy of being designated a demonology. In one aspect this is no mis- representation. When Christianity went forth from the hills of Palestine to conquer the world, heathenism was hastening to decay. The germs of truth which had been sacredly treasured in the heart of the nations from the time of the world's infancy were choked with the rapidly- spread- ing weeds of superstition. The true Father of men, the Zeus paTtnp, in whom mankind believed in the primitive age, degenerated into the lascivious, capricious, tyrannical Jupiter of the Romans. The visible operations of nature were personified and made to usurp the throne of the unseen Lord of nature. Mysteries were founded, some virtuous and some vicious from the first, but nearly all of them used for the purpose of sanctifying debauchery. Priestly castes were established under all sorts of pious pretexts, but invariably seeking to rule the people by means of their superstitions ; having one set of doctrines for the initiated, and another for the exoteric multitude. The ministers of religion at least, or perhaps first, began to despise both the altar and the God ; was it any wonder that Faith died out of the heart of the people too ? When a haruspex could not meet another in the streets of Rome without laughing in each other's face over the tricks which they were practising upon the populace, and when Seneca, one of the greatest men that ever lived, was compelled to say in sublime despair, " I have lost all hope of making men better; the greatest boon bestowed upon man by the gods is the power over his own life," it was evident that the ancient world was either on the brink of destruction, or ripe for a new era. Out of decay and death there always springs new life, and Christianity was born, in the ex- pressive phraseology of the sacred books, " in the fullness of time." In describing the state of heathenism at that crisis Dr. Vaughan exaggerates nothing, for it is not in the power of language to paint too strongly the darkness, cor- ruption, and misery of even the Augustan age. But it is not just to put forth that as a true picture of the ancient civilization and its whole influence upon the world. It would not be difficult to name places and epochs under the Christian era with which the Augustan age can be com- pared to advantage. What was the condition of Italy under Alexander and Caesar Borgia ? Never, in the worst days of the Emperors, were public morals lower or govern- ment more rapacious, tyrannical, and vile, though claiming to be under infallible direction. The condition of Europe during the middle ages reflects no credit on the rulers of either Church or State, and it ill becomes the defenders of mediaeval barbarism to reproach that classic age from which they received the only light which relieved the mental darkness of early European civilization. With the dawn of the Christian era the world received a new departure, but it does not follow that the whole of its past was wasted. It were an impiety to sup- pose that God had been governing mankind for thousands of years upon a mistaken plan, and all to no purpose. Can one generation of men be dearer to Him than any other ? How is it possible for Him who is perfect to have either local or temporal partialities ? Every believer in the inspiration of the Bible knows that a thousand years before Christ was born, the Jehovah of the Jews revealed his character in the beautiful words, " God is good to all, and his tender mercy is over all his works." Was there no place for Him under the old heathen economy ? Was He deaf to the prayers of men, and indifferent to the destiny of nations ? True Christian philosophy takes a widely different view of things. It regards the all-perfect supreme Ruler of the universe as making the best of every race, every country, every age, without breaking down the moral nature of man. To every age, to every tribe, He gives the best of which they are susceptible, " From seeming evil, still educing good, And better thence again, and better still. In infinite progression." It is not difficult to enumerate some of the gains which the present owes to the past. When man began his great battle with nature he had everything to learn. Prome- theus stealing fire from heaven, and Cadmus inventing an alphabet, may be fables, but they represent achievements which the human race had to make at one period of its his- tory. To find out suitable aliment from the many products of nature, to reduce the inferior animals to subjection, to procure clothing and settled habitations, to invent methods and implements of agriculture, to create laws, literature, and all the arts of civilized life, were among the earliest necessities of mankind. It takes centuries at the present time to in- troduce a new civilization among barbarous tribes with all the accumulations of human experience at the command of the missionary and the social reformer, and in the majority of cases thousands of years fail to overthrow old habits and establish new ideas. How much more difficult must man's progress have been when everything had to be discovered or invented ? What a revolution the introduction of the first plough and other implements of husbandry must have created ! How the daring innovator of that age would be persecuted by the Conservatives of his time! For it is singular that scarcely an important discovery for abridging human labour and increasing man's power over external nature was ever made without exposing the discoverer to the persecution of his fellows. The fate of Prometheus has been shared by every disciple of his whose genius has been kindled at the same altar of philanthropic inspiration. Let these tendencies of the race be remembered, and the wonder is not that the old world progressed so slowly, but that it achieved so much. The buried records of ancient Egypt, now coming to the light of day, indicate a wealth of knowledge probably surpassing in some respects the accumu- lated stores of all succeeding time. More magnificent archi- tecture than that which made Babylon the pride of the whole earth has never been witnessed in the history of mankind. The Chaldean astrologers were the real founders of the science of astronomy. The Greek and Carthaginian triremes were the pioneers in the art of navigation, with commanders as bold and daring as Christopher Columbus or Vasco di Gama, The prince of ancient travellers, Hero- dotus, knew more of the great African mystery than any man who has lived since his time, at least up to the present generation. What other age of the world ever produced a leader of men like Alexander, an orator like Pericles or Demosthenes, a sculptor like Phidias, a painter like Apelles, a patriot like Aristides, a poet like Homer, philosophers like Plato, Socrates, and Aristotle, legislators like Solon and Lycurgus, a literature so rich, artistic monuments so pre- cious, and a history so glorious and inspiring as those of Greece and Rome? Could there be any higher tribute to the wisdom of the ancients than the fact that their writings remain to this day the principal instrument of scholastic education in all the great seats of learning in the world? It is perfectly true that these glories of the classic age cannot obliterate the evidences of its dark superstitions. But in estimating this period of the world's history they ought never to be forgotten, for their influence upon all succeed- ing time has been incalculable, and to these past genera- tions the world owes a debt of gratitude which can scarcely be over-estimated. Nor was the life of the ancient world useless to religion. Are not the Ten Commandments, which were first delivered amid the lightnings and thunders of Sinai, still read from every altar in Christendom as the foundation of all morality? The laws of Draco, Solon, and Lycurgus have had much to do with the ethical systems of every succeed- ing age ; and, above all, the Institutes of Justinian and the general principles of Roman jurisprudence are the basis of British and European law to the present day. Whatever hindrances to Christianity may have been caused by the corrupt mythology of the Greeks, the beautiful and comprehensive Greek language was the best vehicle for conveying to the world the sublime truths taught by the Divine Nazarene. The conquests of Alexander estab- lished some of the greatest cities of the East in the heart of Asia, which exist to the present day, and they made that beautiful Greek language all but a universal tongue, ready for the use of the first Christian missionaries. Even iron-handed Rome was in- strumental in establishing an almost universal Empire, subject to one law, connected with the capital and with every important centre by a network of roads which survive to the present time, and bound together by the most inti- mate and wide-spread commercial relations. The literature, the arts, the ethical systems, the philosophy, the jurispru- dence, the general civilization of the ancient world are far too important to be buried in the gulf of superstition in which its religious life culminated at the dawn of the Christian era. Let the whole of the past be fairly examined and it will be found that God made the best of every age so far as that could be done consistently with the moral nature of man. In regard to the aspirations and tendencies of the heathen world, as much as in regard to the special institutions of Judea, the significant words of the great Teacher are true in the fullest sense, " I came not to destroy, but to fulfil." The epitaph, therefore, which Dr. Vaughan writes over the grave of the ancient civilization is not true to the real issues of the era—that it was a " Total eclipse, Without one hope of day." " Place one point of the compass on Catholicism as a centre, and then stretch out the other point till it fall upon Theism, pure and simple; describe the circle, and within that circumference the whole domain of the Supernatural is con- tained. In proportion as you quit the centre and proceed towards the circumference you leave the impregnable stronghold of immovable dogma and unchangeable morality behind, and gradually find yourself in a comparatively bleak and barren region, till at last you come upon the sandy level of naked Theism without its safeguards and guarantees. Whatever man may believe as to its objective truthfulness, no student of history, no serious thinker, can entertain a moment's doubt that the Catholic Church has been from the days of Christ till now, and promises indefinitely to con- tinue, the very Heart of the Supernatural, and the main stronghold of the unbending, the stubborn dogmas of religion." Is it permitted to question the correctness of this dictum without being accused of frivolity of thought and ignorance of history ? So momentous an issue ought not to be taken for granted, and a diligent student ought not to have the door of in- quiry barred against him by so sweeping an assertion. The world's history is an open book, which every man who values independence of thought and honest convictions must take the liberty to read for himself. Assertions must be tested by facts, and inferences must be sustained by evidence. The Catholic Church is but one of many Christian Churches, and if she claims to be the sole con- servator of real truth, she must also acknowledge the necessity of substantiating her claim. Ego Athanasius contra mundum is a sublime position to occupy, but he who takes it should be sure of his ground if he would not descend from the sublime to the ridiculous. Dr. Vaughan rightly apprehends that his first step must be to give some idea of what is meant by " this Catholicity which forms the centre-heart of the Super- natural." His sketch of the mission of Christ is sufficiently comprehensive to embrace the universal Christian Church, Greek, Roman, and Protestant com- munions all included, and that is both the right meaning of the term Catholic and the right spirit in which all followers of a common Master should regard each other. But evi- dently this is neither the extension nor the intention of the term as used in the lecture. We get the meaning in the picture of " St. Gregory the Great sitting on the throne of Peter, the representative of Christ, and the impersonation of Christian Authority and Faith ;" and still more clearly in that of " Pope Leo III. solemnly crowning the civil power in the person of Charlemagne on Christmas- day at the Tomb of the Apostles." These are spectacles which Dr. Vaughan bids modern commonwealths contemplate "as a type of the Supernatural principle in its relation not merely to religion, but to the civil order of the world." Was that phrase "merely reli gion " a slip of the pen, or the avowal of a truth ? In its relation to civil society the Church of Rome has come to be regarded as a political more than a religious organization. In every country where its influence is sufficiently power- ful it claims the exclusive support of the law and emolu- ments of the State, and prohibits the public exercise of the cultus of every other religion. Where a Protestant com- munion is established by law it agitates for disestablishment and disendowment, or at least for as large a share of public money as it is possible to obtain. Where there is no State Church it seeks to become one, and " control the civil order of the world," not by virtue of the votes of individual members in the free enjoyment of their civil right, but by the authoritative decrees of " the representative of Christ, and the impersonation of Christian authority and faith." The ambition of Rome is to become the head of a uni- versal Empire, in which the State shall be dominated by the Church, and that Church empowered to enforce uni- formity of worship and of creed upon mankind. She will not take the position of a free Church in a free State, resting her authority upon the truth and her maintenance of the voluntary liberality of her members. She covets the temporal power, and " the throne of Peter " must be guarded by the sword of Caesar. It is here that she comes into conflict with the spirit and tendency of modern society, and it is by this claim that her relation to modern society must be finally determined. To pronounce judgment upon the doctrinal differences between the Roman, the Greek, and the different Protestant Churches is no part of our jurisdiction. But this claim of Dr. Vaughan's on behalf of his communion, that in virtue of being " the representative of Christ " she has authority to dominate " the civil order of the world," is one which every citizen has the right to challenge. From what source is this authority derived ? In what instrument is it conveyed ? The origin and growth of the Church of Christ is one thing ; the origin and growth of the Church of Rome as a political power in the European States-system is entirely another, and in confounding the two Dr. Vaughan has confounded heaven and earth. Let us recall a few facts of history, as sacred as " the stubborn dogmas of religion," and such as no competent scholar living will attempt to question. The founder of Christianity appeared in the form of a poor peasant of an insignificant province of the Roman Empire. He claimed no earthly royalty, he received no State emoluments, he aspired to no temporal power. Though asserting himself to be the Son of God, having "all power in heaven, and on earth," he drew no sword and enlisted no soldiers to assert his power by physical force. His weapons were spiritual, not carnal ; he sought to conquer the world by the moral power enshrined in His perfect life, His heaven-born doctrines, and His self- sacrificing death. He wore no sacred vestments of priestly pretension, His head was crowned with no lordly Bishop's mitre, and His hands wielded neither sword nor sceptre as the symbol of civil authority. He even divested Himself of the omnipotence of the world's sovereign in his manifes- tation to men, and condescended to plead with His revolted creatures in all the humiliation, and yet winning tender- ness, of the Man of Sorrows, His first disciples were like their Master—poor, powerless, persecuted ; obedient to His last command they traversed sea and land to publish His Gospel, without one penny from Caesar's treasury, and often denied the common protection of the law. Pagan Rome held as one of its fundamental maxims that "the care of religion was the right as well as the duty of the civil magistrate," and, under the very charge of Atheism which is now brought against the free Churches of Christendom, the primitive Christian Church was exposed to civil pains and penalties the most barbarous and atrocious. Two centuries passed away before they were permitted to purchase lands and erect edifices for public worship. The Church of the Catacombs was not the Church of the Vatican, neither in spirit, character, position, not pretension, for the one sought nothing from civil society but the undisturbed possession of the common rights of citizenship, which every member of society could legitimately demand; and the other claims to impose a new order upon civil society, not by the force of moral suasion but by the temporal power. The famous edict of Milan, issued by the two Emperors Constantine and Licinius, which became the law of the Roman world after the death of Maxentius in 313, did not go beyond the establishment of religious toleration. It proclaims that the two Emperors " have granted a free and absolute power to the Christians, and to all others, of following the religion which each individual thinks proper to prefer, to which he has addicted his mind, and which he may deem the best adapted to his own use." But in 324 Constantine went far beyond this. Having conquered Licinius and raised his new standard of the Libarum, he openly avowed his conversion to Christianity, and exhorted his subjects to follow his example. The Bishops were made dignitaries of the State, with ample emoluments at their disposal, and the process of con- version was accelerated by every inducement which Court favour could urge upon the venal, the ambitious, and the obsequious. Yet the wily Emperor took care to retain supreme ecclesiastical power in his own hands without sharing it with either Bishop or Council. He claimed to be episKopos twv eew tnc ekklnsiac, and both he and his successors long continued to enjoy the jus circa sacra with- out question. The age of Charlemagne, to which Dr. Vaughan refers the modern commonwealths of Christen- dom, introduced radical changes. In 799 Leo III. fled to the court of that monarch to escape from a tumult raised at Rome on account of his election to the Papal chair. He asserted that his foes had deprived him of his eyes and tongue, which St. Peter miraculously restored the following night, and he cleared himself by oath before the king of the charges of perjury and adultery which were alleged against him. Restored to Rome by favour of the king, Leo rewarded his protector by suddenly placing a golden crown on the monarch's head after Mass in the Church of St. Peter's. This act was represented as one of special Divine inspiration, but there is documentary evidence to prove that it was the result of protracted negotiations. Charles was to be made the head of a vast theocratic monarchy subject only to God and his laws, as interpreted by the Church. Twenty-five years before this monarch had bestowed a patrimony upon the Papal See, which was the foundation of the independence of the States of the Church. The document confirming the grant and stipu- lating its conditions was lost by the sacred custodians to whom it had been entrusted, and the conditions of the gift were soon set aside. Out of the dark diplomacy of that period the Church of Rome gradually emerged as a great independent political power, claiming to regulate "not merely religion, but the civil order of the world." There is no need to pursue this history further. It was certainly candid of Dr. Vaughan to indicate the ecclesias- tical polity in which he believes by this reference to Leo III. as its type and model. Is it unfair to ask whether he wishes to reimpose that polity upon the world ? In this colony religious equality is the law of the land. The State will subsidize no religion, and will hinder none so far as the common laws of society are not transgressed. Will Dr. Vaughan accept this settlement in good faith, or does he hold it to be his duty to attempt to disturb such a settlement and re- establish ecclesiastical domination ? He has said enough to make that a serious question among his fellow-colonists who wish to know nothing of sectarian differences in matters affect- ing common citizenship. For the dogmas of his Church he can give his own reasons, at his own time and place; and so far as these affect only the internal organiza- tion of that Church, society as such can have nothing to say. But a supernatural claim to regulate "the civil order of the world " is a political propagandism in the name of religion against the existence of religious liberty itself. The edict of Milan establishing religious equality through out the Empire of Constantine in 313 is in substantial accord with British law, and with the common sentiment of the British people. But the enactments of 324, establish- ing Christianity in the place of Heathenism as the religion of the State, and the ecclesiastical legislation of Charle- magne and his successors, were a violation of the common rights of man such as no free and enlightened community will again endure. " Two things, then, are crucially indicative of a coming struggle—the softening of the landslip, and the hardening of the City on the Rock." " If God is the authority, we must be Catholics ; if man, we must be materialists." In other words, all the Churches that never had anything to do with Rome, and all that have separated from her, will gradually melt down into the devouring sea of atheism, while she her- self, "protected by sacramental grace," as the only properly constituted representative of Divine authority on earth, will oppose a mighty bulwark to the destructive waves which will break against her in vain. What a pity that metaphors are not arguments ; for then with a few strokes of the pen the Reformation could be transformed into a mere " land- slip," Catholicism into an impregnable rock of infallible truth, and the whole universe of things beyond into a dreary waste of godlessness and irreligion. That there are indications of a coming straggle is probable enough. Every age has its own problems to solve, and will solve them in spite of all resistance. Religion itself has no higher obligation than that every human being should turn his faculties and his opportunities to the best account for the common welfare. The more diligently and honestly this is done, the richer will be the treasures brought to light from the arcanum of nature. But how can increasing discoveries of the grandeur, wisdom, and good- ness of the Creator's works lead to a denial of His ex-ist ence ? They may conflict with dogmas which self-consti- tuted interpreters of the Divine economy of things proclaim as infallible truth ; but, then, so much the worse for the dogmas, not so much the worse for God's own economy of nature. Christianity, as it appears in the sacred books, the only authoritative source from which it can be tested, is not in conflict with modern science, ma- terial, social, or political. All that physical science seeks is to find out the laws of the universe in regard to material things and to turn these laws into the best uses. How can religion have anything to say against that ? On the con- trary, it offers the highest motive for the prosecution of so beneficent a work. Social and political science has to do with the relations of men to each other, and its beau ideal is to found those relations on absolute and universal equity, and make them as much as possible contributors to human happiness. Does this conflict with the sanctions of religion ? To suppose that would be little less than blasphemy, for it would make religion the enemy instead of the friend and saviour of man. Where, then, is the danger of a coming struggle ? In the attitude assumed by the Vatican towards these funda- mental principles of modern civilization. No voice but hers must say what is the meaning of Scripture; she is the in- terpreter of her own dogmas, and the guarantee for their veracity. In these respects Dr. Vaughan declares that "the rock is hardening," "the reins are being held more firmly," " the mechanism is receiving more unhesitating authority." Is not this a confession of the truth of Mr. Gladstone's as- sertion that within the present generation " Rome has re- furbished and paraded anew every rusty tool she was fondly thought to have disused ?" What has this " hardening" pro- cess been ? It has pronounced anathemas against the liberty of the press, liberty of speech, freedom of conscience from external coercion, civil marriages, the supremacy of the State in matters civil. It declares that the Roman Pontiffs and Councils have never transgressed the limits of their power, nor usurped the rights of princes ; consequently the deposition of monarchs and the transference of their kingdoms to others by Papal decrees were legitimate. It claims the right to employ force in support of its purposes, which covers all the persecutions of the past. It proclaims that no religion other than the Roman may be established by the State. It condemns those who maintain that in "countries called Catholic the free exercise of other religions may laudably be allowed." These are some forms in which the hardening process has manifested itself, and by which the rebellious world is to be brought back into allegiance. These are some of " the rusty tools " of the past ; and Dr. New- man says that they civilized Europe, and, having served their purpose, may fall into disuse. But did they civilize Europe, and have they fallen into disuse ? Pius IX. has himself anathematised those who say that he ought to come to terms with modern civilization; and how can these medieval weapons have created that which they are now rebrandished to destroy—unless it should be held tha tmodern civiliza- tion is not the product of the past centuries, and that the age of feudal tyranny and darkness was better than the light and liberty of the present ? 'Lhat the medifflval Church, with all its imperfections and corruptions did confer benefit on mankind is freely ad mitted. It was probably a necessity of the age, like Juda ism and all other forms of religious faith that ever existed. Nothing is slower than the growth of society and the deve lopment of mankind. At times great impulses seize upon the popular mind, and seem to carry it into a new era in a single generation : but there is invariably a reaction. The old ideas retain their influences, and linger in the minds of men like the memories of the classic divinities which haunted the sacred places of the world in popular appre hension long after the decay of Greece and the fall of Rome. In describing the instant dissolution of Paganism on the birth of Jesus, Dr. Vaughan has translated into a fact that which Milton gives as a prophecy:— " The oracles are dumb ; No voice or hideous ham Runs through the arched roof in words deceiving. Apollo from his shrine Can no more divine, With hollow shriek the steeps of Delphos leaving. No nightly trance or breathed spell Inspires the pale-eyed priest from the prophetic cell. " The lonely mountain o'er And the resounding shore A voice of weeping heard and loud lament, From haunted spring and dale, Edged with poplar pale, The parting genius is with sighing sent. With flower-in woven tresses torn The nymphs in twilight shade of tangled thickets mourn.' The prophecy is not yet completely fulfilled, not even in the old world. Much of Paganism still survives— nowhere more than in the ritual and polity of Dr. Vaughan's own Church The Pagan Pontifex Maximus is both the eccle siastical and the etymological ancestor of the Catholic Su preme Pontiff. A comparison of Ovid's ancient Roman Fasti with the present Roman calendar will show how many festivals and sacred days are common to the two, the names being changed and rites modified, but their purpose and use remaining the same. « These holy rites performed, now take your time To spend the remnant .of the day in feasts, Such fit repasts are pleasing to the saints Who are your guests, though not with mortal eyes To be beheld.' The statesmen of that age may be pardoned for not attempting the impracticable, It is contrary to reason to guDD-ee that the national amusements of Pagan Rome would instantly lose their power over the people upon the ' proclamation that henceforth Rome was to be Christian. They weie as great a social force as religious rites, and it is not discreditable to the early eoclesiastical reformers that thev attempted to associate new meanings with the pu lie holidays and festivals without doing violence to the common sentiments and habits of the people. Nor must the in fluence of the mediaeval Church be forgotten as a check ucon the rapacity of barons and princes, and as a sanctuary for those treasures of antiquity which survived the ravages of the Goths, the Vandals, and the Hunp. The liberties of the people often found some of their boldest champions, as well as some of their most dangerous assailants, among the schoolmen and ecclesiastics of the dark and middle ages. No Englishman ought to forget that, if Innocent III. an nulled Magna Charta, Archbishop Langton was the moving spirit in wringing from King Jehn this palladium of British libeity. Of the mediaeval as of the Pagan age, it is true that God was making the best of everything consistently with the principles of His moral government. Morality and religion are essentially the same in every age ; they are immutable as the character and nature of God. But it is only gradually that men grow into the recognition of their existence and authority, and it is both unscientific and im pious to make the Divine economy responsible for the' im perfections and blindness of man. Perhaps the most extraordinary thing in this lecture is its denunciation of Freemasonry. This institution is repre sented as the centre of Materialism, as Rome is of the Supernatural, and is accused of being a secret conspiracy against religion, law, and order. Dr. Vaughan's charges are so grave and assume such a definite form that they ought to be officially challenged, and either proved or retracted. With ' Hidden Springs' the State has nothing to do, but it is concerned with overt acts, and here Freemasonry has never yet come into collision with the State. Do the Free masons ask any recognition of their organization by the State? Have they ever put forth a demand for State en dowment of their order ? Is there a single right or liberty of the private citizen which they have ever interfered with or oalled in question ? There are other secret societies be sides Freemasonry. The College of Cardinals, the Vatican Council, the Society of Jesus, and other religious orders — the confessional, with all its secrets at the command of the Church— in fact, every separate Christian congregation meeting under the protection of its trust deeds, every benefit society, and every special organization of any kind are all secret societies, privileged so far as their internal proceedings are concerned. The right of the people to form voluntary associations for any purpose they may deem fit is sacred, and must not be tampered with by either Church or State. If they associate for illegal purposes, let proof of this be given, aai the law has its remedies. But so long as they obev the law they have a right' to its protection, and their secrets, if worth keeping, which is very seldom, are in their own hands. This firebrand which Dr. Vaughan represents as threatening society with a terrible conflagra tion is probably an ignis fatuus of his own creation. In any case he has said either too much or too little, for the social atmosphere ought not to be poisoned with jealousy and suspicion without ample and sufficient reasons. It should mitigate our alarm at the awful times which are coming upon us to learn that Sr. Vaughan has a very simple remedy. It is that 'the State, deriving such evident advantage from the great circle of the Supernatural, should support, according: to a given scale, every school in which the Supernatural should be taught.' There is no possibility of mistaking, this proposal. It is the re- endow ment of all religious denominations in this colony, because the Government is asked to support the schools for the sake of having the Supernatural taught, and not for the sakeof the secular curriculum. And if the schools, why not the Churches, and all other agencies for teaching the Super natural ? The proposition is wide enough to include all religious institutions, and even Paganism, for thsre are certainly some Pagan members of the body politic who believe in the Supernatural. It would endow every Church, every Sunday, school, every tract society, every private school which professes to give a religious education, every joss-house, every spiritual seance, and even every evening circle whose amusement consists in telling stories of witchcraft, ghosts, and diablerie, for all these pome within the region of the Supernatural, and it will not do to assume that any of them claim the term improperly. It is needless to say that Dr. Vaughan would place some limit to the term Supernatural, as the Church to which he belongs places to State support, and even toleration wherever she has the power. It is likewise needless to say that the day for such a condition of things in this colony has gone by. Fourteen years ago Parliament deoided that 'it is expedient to prohibit future grants of money from the Public Funds in aid of Public Worship,' and passed an Act for that purpose. Thirty thousand pounds per annum was reserved on account of We interests, and that has been reduced now to the sum of twenty thousand, and will cease entirely in a few years. But the Churches have still seven thousand per annum worn public lands, and twenty-eight thousand from the Consolidated Revenue for their separate schools. The question for Parliament to consider is not whether these grants shall be increased, but how soon they shall cease 'together. If the " Hidden Spring ' of the Supernatural oinnotbe set in motion and win the victory over its adver sary without a subsidy from Parliament, the less said of its purity and power the better. To indulge in day dreams is an easy if not a very profit able occupation ; and if we were tempted to forecast the world's future our picture would be as bright with hope as Dr Vaughan's is black with foreboding. The progress of society is like the incoming tide. Each particular wave that breaks upon the shore is hurled back into the surf, but the tide flows on for all that: the next wave rises higher than its precursor, and the next higher still, until the high iT16.™8* is reached, and every obstacle swept away. So is .I*1™ the great social forces that sway the destinies of ™»™d. They ebb and flow, and of them it is as true as of things material that action and reaction are equal and contrary. But every generation gains something upon its predecessor; and when a standpoint is reached from which the whole results of an era can be surveyed, the advance is undoubted and is worth all that it cost.' With eveiyetep onward the work of enlightenment and amelioration will be accelerated until every land and every tribe will feel its be nignant influence. The reign of ignorance, superstition, and war cannot last for ever. No one who believes in God can despair of His government, or doubt of its issues. Already the nations are joining hands across the seas, and confessing their dependence upon each other. Instead of deadly foes they will finally become mutual benefactors, and the spirit of true religion — " peace on earth and good will to men' — will be enshrined in the heart of a regene rated world. That Australia may be worthy of a place in the great federation of nations should be the ardent wish and constant aim of every member of our commonwealth. NOVA CAMBRIA. 