.FIKRY SKIiPKNTS. (ft) the Editor of the Bendiqo Advertiser.) mr,- lour issue of U7tli instant contains a stupendous array of advertisements from at torneys of this city. It is, I Ihinlc, a solitary instance of a number of lawyers combining- to advertise one of the brotherhood-one who had been well roasted at the late tire. These adver: tisements were evidently intended ns a continua tion of the roasting process. Even Clegg's' oysters gave up the ghost, and when an oysler is so aJVectud surely it is enough to make a crab come out of his shell. It seems (o me, sir, that these advertising lawyers having become so accustomed to their proverbiat piscatorial games with the oyster have come to the conclusion that now the stock of that delicacy is consumed they must fall on to the poor orab for their next meal. The advertisements apeak well for their composers' brains. T'tiey remind me of some schoolboy freak, and bring one back to the bricks of " Tom Brown's" schooldays, the only difference being that I his piece of practical joking could not have come from " nil old boy," but rather from an extremely young person, whose raven locks (doubtless guiltless of dye) will perhaps bristle at thesa my humble re marks. Look at the announcement by one trio that their panes were not cracked-nothing is said of their pates. Then we have the gentle man through whose numerous names no tire could pierce. lie says nothing about his panes being uneracked, bjt perhaps they had already gone through the lire. Again, there is the " brown study" directed to clients at a distance. I sin cerely hope the celebrated browu gown was, i», and ever will remain in the safe. Then comes one blowing his horn hy an announcement as to the size of hi< safe. Will he let his clients keep liiin in it while be goes through a lire? " The Infants" is perhaps the weakest of these legal s<(iiibs. In fact, it doesn't go oft at uil. lie keeps us in the dark as to whether he has either a safe or papers, but broadly Blates that "all valuable papers were lockod ill a fireproof safe." How comforting! -I inn, yours, See., MR AT SAFJ 