EXCAVATIONS AT TROY. WONDERFUL DISCOVERIES. Dr Schliemann went to the plain of Troy in 1870, for the purpose of making excavations with the view of dis- covering the site of the city of the Trojans, of which so much has been sung by Greek and Roman epic poets. He found the hill of Hissarlik about eighty feet above the plain, with one corner tweuty-six feet higher still. The breadth was 705 feet, and the length U84 feet. He uncovered at n depth of sixteen feet, walls six nnd a halt feet thick, and wns led to believe that he had lighted upon the true site. Ho was umiblo, however, to con tiuueliia excavations, wlthuut either purchasing the Bite or Brotting a flrinau from the Turkish Government. He succeeded in gettiugaulhority, lint hud to pay a Turkish official to watch the work. Dr SchUcniana'n wife is an Athenian. lady, and an enthusiastic admirer of Homer, rihe knows almost the whole of thu Iliad by heart. She accompanied her husband to the scene. The excava tions commenced in September 1871, and were continued Rioro or less regularly to May, 1873. He engaged the natives of the district in the work, assisted by some that he brought from Athens. Fortu nately he found a man who lmd been a miner iu the goldficlds of Australia to act as foreman. This maa, a Greek, Georgios Photidas, of Puxos, was for sevan years in Australia, and had b«en employed in making tun nels. Dr Schliemnnn says of him : ' Home sickness ltd him back to his native, country, where, without hav ing sufficient menus of earning his daily bread, he, in youthful thoughtlessness and out of patriotism married a poor girl of his own people who was but fifteen years old. It was only after his marriage, and in consequence of domestic cares, that he recovered his seuses. He heard I was making excavations here, and came on spe culation to oiler me hi.-) services. As he had assured me, when I first saw him, that my accepting his services was a question of life and death to him and his wife, 1 en gaged him at once, the more so becnuse I was very much in want of a miner, tuunel-moker, and pitman such bs ho is.' Besides, ns be could write Greek, he w:w able to assist Dr Schllemann iu copying reports for the Greek newspapera. Australia thus helped to disinter the heroic city of Troy, and a man learned mining here to be useful tnere. The excavations disclosed daily wonders. There was evidence at a depth of furty six i'eet of the ruins of seve ral cities built one upon the rubbish of another. The first was the Greek Ilium, which had been built about 700 years 11. c, and out of which many objects were got. At a depth of twenty- three feet Dr S. found indubitable evidence of the Homeric age. He excavated walls and a very great, variety of objects. No few or than lOO.UflO objects of interest in terra-cotta, bronze, copper, silver, and gold were brought to light. Of these 4000 have been copied in flu Atlas published bv Dr Schliemaun. Three hundred of these lire given in the English edition of his work on Troy, recently published in London. Many of these are of the greatest value, alid illustrative of much of Homer's Iliad. When digging about the wall of Priam's city, he came upon a treasure which seemed to have been collected for removal during the burning of the city, but the collector hud probably been arrested by tlie fire. The collection included a copper shield, n bottle of pure gqld weighing I Hi. Troy, a cup of pure gold, a two handled gold cup, six blades 'of silver, perhaps Homeric, talents, several silver dishes, copper lances, battle axes, knives, cups of ckctrum, pieces of helmet crests, gold diadems, a fillet such as was worn by ladies of rank, containing over 4000 gold ornaments, M gold earrings, and B/iJO small gold rings. Many of the vases had' covers with the face of 1111 owl indicating the tutelary goddess of Tioy— Minerva. In one place were found colossal jurs ?wire* than five feet high and four feet across, made of clny more than two inches thick. In scriptions abounded 011 the Greek ruins; and iu the Homeric, were significant marks of great value in phi lology. ? These latter objects prove beyond n doubt that the original inhabitants belonged to the Aryan race. There was uncovered a road paved with large flags of stone leading from the Scii-nn Gate of Homer to' the Trojan plain. The city of Troy is proved to lie much smaller than wns formerly supposed; but the three years' excaviitirn* have shown the Iliad to he based upon facts. We wish we could give many extracts ; but the valuable work must be perused to give satisfaction to' scholars.— Southern Cro s. Till', ''umiainulla correspondent 0 ' the Darling Dnirn.i (Jmntte, writing on the iDth ultimo, says:— ' 1 am sorry to say tli.it sheep and catth; are travelling in every ili.eclion'in search of water. Mr Jolly is tra vellinu' with -iO.UOO sheep, nnd M-Donald Bros.' are now stinting Mtl.OOO more. Messrs Goweeloy are travelliug both .sheep and cattle, and the hanks of the Warregu are lined v ith-r.-iock prcceeilinjr down one side iind up ihe o-her side of the river. In the. absence 01 nu rnrlv niiilhll the.-titionsun tlie Bullo and Wilson Rivers wi'll suffer severely, ns they are heavily stocked. Oil tlie Bullo there are lour stations in' a position to' muster about41,IIO() head of cattle, nnd Iwn others would have n» dilliculty in counting out ?jri.finil hen I. These sta tions occupy about -JOU miles of Hullo frmtn'res, taking bwhsides, and they must bcsuflerinfr mvcivlv nt present from drouuht, 1 happened to Ii ? 1 the Hullo during the flood season of ldlio, and although heavy looses were sustained tlironirli tlie rapid rising of the river, the largest wnterhole, when the flood subsided, did not con tain more than twenty fipt of water. 1 believe this wiiterho'e is culled hy the blacks * Terelmota.' and it is situated on what is liuw known as the Bullo Down sta tion.-. It is the deepest on tlw Bullo, aram-ding to the statement of the blacks, and it is uow getting dry.' T'lTE Pleasures of New Zealand Station Life— 'A re cent report from the commissioner on the Nelson gold-field states : — ' That the great terror to the sheep raiser is not the wolf, as in Mis souri, hut the wild hogs, the descendants of the swine leit on the island by Captain Cook. These hogs devour the lambs, and have increased in such numlwra that Government pay sixpence n head for their destruc tion. When Captain Cook visited the ishmd he found, according to Forstcr, only native quadrupeds, all of which have nearly become extinct. These were the na tive dog, which was eaten before the missionary arrived, the rat, the bnt,nnd the sen-lion. Mr Baker states that during n residence iu the country of seventeen yenrs he saw only one native rat. ; tlie rest were derived from imported vermin. With regard to the natives, the last missionary eaten by them was about ten years ago. In theolden times the natives subsisted entirely on human flesh. There being no native beasts, the want during tho rigors of winter bad to he supplied by their 1 Minis taken in war. Notwithstanding their proclivity to eat their own people or an occasional Englishman, if yet ap pears they have, on the whale, fared better from the Government than our aborigines.' A SQUATTER'S MANSION.—The handsome mansion for some time past in course of erection at Werribee Park. Wyndham, for Messrs Chirnside, is now roofed in, and finished, so far as the exterior portions are con- cerned, with the exception of a piazza which will be placed all round the lower story of the principal front of the building. Sufficient can be seen from an outside in- spection of the building to show that it is one of the handsomest in the colony, and when finished we shall probably have an opportunity of describing it in full detail. It is of two stories, with a large tower, and is wholly constructed of stone. The style of architecture we should describe as Ionic, but perhaps the architect (whose Name we do not at present know) may call it something eIse. The lower walls are faced with finely axed or polished bluestone, liberally relieved with free stone panes, columns, and other carved work. The upper story is wholly of polished freestone beautifully carved, and ornamented with a variety of scrolls, cor- nices, pillars, &c.;, all of which have technical names, doubtless, which we cannot give. The general effect is bold and rich, without pettiness or anything that can be called gaudy, if the word is applicable to stonework. The tower is of beautiful proportions, the square of it being large enough to make it useful, and the height sufficient to make it graceful, without, at the same time, dwarfing the rest of the building. The carving upon it is superb, and will bear as much looking at in detail as an engraving, and yet the general caracter of boldness is well preserved. The quantity of polished and carved freestone in the building is immense, all the chimneys even being fully ornamented, and the cost of the build- ing must be largely made up by the outlay upon this freestone work. Its color is light brown, with a dark green shade to it, and it comes, if we remember rightly, from the Barrabool hills. The bluestone of which the main body of the mansion is composed, is of the best quality, and has been laid in courses, squared and lined as accurately as brick work. It is all pointed and enlivened by bands of polished freestone. Altogether, the mansion, when completed, will undoubtedly be one of which the owner ought to feel proud. Only one defect appeared to us noticeable, exteriorly, and that was the narrowness of the principal doorway. Some time ago the cost of this building was estimated at £35,000. No doubt the actual cost will only be known to the owner when the building is completely finished and occupied.—Bacchus Marsh Express. MR MORTON'S TANK EXCAVATOR.—A public trial of Mr Lockhart Morton's Tank Excavator was made on Thursday last in the National Agricultural Society's yard on the St. Kilda road. The machine consists of' a square three- sided scoop, the front edge ofwhich is armed with three strong spnde like diggers. This .W(io|i works on two pivots attached to 11 square wooden frame, which rests on three cast iron wheels. The cutting line of tho scoop forms an acute angle with the line of the ground, and as the machine is drawn along it. cuts up 11 broad thin flake of earth, with which the scoop is soon filled. Tho inclination of the scoop to the ground mny be ele vated or depressed at the will of the operator, by means of two plough likfl stilts or levers. When the seoop is full the guider, by a jerk and cross motion of the hands, disengages that portion of the levers beyond the pivot fulcrums iu which the levers work. When the two iron side catches are bo released, the points of the scoop are cnugbtin the ground, and it is turned over on the pivot drnwn by the forward motion, and discharges the ac cumulated soil where required. Oil the scoop revolving, still caused by the forward motion of the machine, it is brought to it's right position and behi there by a reverse mution made with the levers by the guider. So the processor cutting up the ground filling the scoop, and discharging, goes on. Tho points of recommendation are that these machines are simple in form, cheaply made, and can he easily repaired by any blacksmith. They can be made for about £20 or £25, and to selec tors they will be a great acquisition. There are of course one ortwo matters of detail in which the' ma chine can be improved, but a« far as the principle, is con cerned, it appears to work effectively. The actunl value of the invention, however, can only he demonstrated by .7 practical tpur— the meiifiirement'of the draught, ou oica! contents - -'3r»h reiaovi'!l, distitice carried, and timn occupied in operation. These. lf.-ts should lie ap. plied, siid the precise merits of the machine assessed. The ?ground operated on on Thursday was a fair average sample of lnnd 011 which such work as the' excavator would ba required to do would have- to bo performed. Several practical men who saw the machine at work ex pressed their thorough approval of its mode of workiug. — Age. KiMUJiN Pxacuxs.— Mr J. II. Parnell, of County Armagh, Ireland, who spends part of his time profitably underthe Stars aud Stripes, has (says the iYeiu York Tribune) n young peach orchard in Alabama of J0,000 trees, 'nearly all imported from England and planted by himsolt, from .which he is already enabled , as he declares, to supply Rivera's Early Beatrice in quan tity to New York as early as the. mouth of Juue, and later kinds, as Crawford's Early and others, in July, when they bring from 11 dol to 25 .dol )ier bushel, ac cording to quality, the bushej containing about 50 dozen. Tho present yenr, having shipped 2000. boxes, to this market, lie took a large quantity ncross sens to his home friends, where, judgiujt by the notice made of them in the Irish Farmer' a Gazette— 11 small part of which we quote— they created quite a sensation. 'On hand ling one of the peaches brought by Mr PurneJl ns a spe cimen — the very high color notwithstanding — we con fessed to bring sceptical as to ripeness, ami remarked that it, was hard as a stoue. Mr Parnell admitted it was so, but promptly gave the reason why by saying it was frozen, nnd if allowed to stand for a day or two it would be found soft, and melting enough. Mr Pnrncll kindly took us to Kitzwilliam-Equnre North, where he is nt pre sent stopping, and showed us tho ingenious contrivance. by meens of which he had been enabled to treat his friends in Ireland to the melting and juicy products of his peach orchards, in as good condition as though pulled from one of our own house or wall trees the day before. The coutrivfincn consisted of a largo square bin or deep wooden chest, strongly put together, and lined with zinc. Within this wns nuotlier large chest, similarly lined, a space of some eight or nine inches intervening between the inner nnd outer idlest, which was filled with ice. In the inner chest, the peaches were stored, not in separate trays, layers, or anything of the kiud, but heaped ns you would stow potntoe's in if pit, nnd tliere they Iny a rosy nnd liapuy-ltitilcing- muss, in the best possible condition.' It is ndded that in a compartment separate from the peaches, but under the same conditions, were ' some re niarkably fine specimens of water- melon, far superior to the Spanish water-melons imported by our fruiterers,' and the condition of which, the editor states, wns 'all tliut could be wished for.' ? Tho plan referred to above is similar to the one proposed by Mr James Harrison, of Victoria, for the preservation of meat. PRI'.l'A NATIONS l'OK KoBBING WlNDSOnCASTI.E. —The south-eastern division ofthe Bucks police, under Mr Superintendent Dunham and inspector Pearinan, of Eton College, nre at present eugnged in a somewhat ex traordinary matter. About the Oth of August, in order to permit some building operations upon the premises of Mr Goodman, the boatbuilder, near Windsor Bridge. the waters of tlie Thames were drawn off, loweriug the river by several feet. While the stream was thus Tower than usual, a iiiiiii who was walking near 11 back cut adjaceut to the Cuckoo Weir, which is about half a mile from Windsor Bridge, and on the Bucks side of the river, ob served « piece of string /listened to the lower braueh uf n bush ovorhangiug thu 'watercourse. His curiosity was excited^ and seeing something attached to the striiig, be pulled it up, aud found that it was a gvnt'cinim't Jnp pnued dressing-ease. Turning the small cashbox like key he opened the case, and found it contained n large number of keys and other things. He at once placed the case in the bauds ofthe police, and Mr Superinten dent Dunham, upon examining its contents, found that in all thore were 1-25 keys, the larger ones having been fastened in a bunch at the top ofthe case. Upon one side ofthe flat smooth surface of the handles of two of t le medium-sized keys nre the words, ' Equerries, stabies. One hundred steps.' And on the other side the word ' Porter.' The 125 keys vary in size from such as would open gates, posterns, and room doors to the jewel cases in the royal apartments of the Castle. Besides this extraordinary collection of keys there was in the cases pieces of wax bearing impression of key wards, two buttles of gold liquid for smearing the keys In order to ascertain the shape of the locks, a box of 'vestns, and two large canvas nmncy bogs such as are used by bunk ers. One apparently, from the coin marks, had con tained gold mid the other silver. It is the. belief of the police authorities that the dressing-case and its evidently burglarious implements were intended to aid some per son ur persons iu effecting an entrance from the ' hun dred steps to the private apartment* ofthe palace occu pied by Her Majesty and the Hoyal family, nnd tosweep off tho rich and priceless- jewellery. Whoever designed this daring scheme bus been frustrated in a most singu lar wny. 'lhifc.e who placed the case and keys in the stream till some dark night ur favorable opportunity might arise for the grand'euup, fastened file string ton' branch of.t--c hii.-h, whirl), -.vhen the waters of the Thames are at their ordinary summer level, was about a foot below the surface ot the little stream, nnd thus well concealed from human eyes. 'limy lind not. calculated upon the sudden drawing oil' of the water— an unusual circumstance, which, by revealing the hiding-place of tue duplicate keys, had nipped their enterprise iu the buJ. Ou l-'riduy Mr Superintendent D.imhniu, accom panied hy Mr Jnspecto/ i'eermnn, pxoceaileil to tlie office, of Mr W. Scniirook, in the I.oid Chamberlain's department nl Windsor Castle, and had, an interview with thu place authorities, who wl I doubtless institute inquiries Juto thi-. remarkable, att'air. — Manrlicstrr Courier.'' A mysterious visitor to Everton- creseRt, Liverpool, fjrsome time believed to be a ghost, Uas at last been di« uivered to be a full-grown nix, measuring three iwt' from the snout to the end of his brush. A persou iu the neighbourhooil, currying on business as n manufacturer 'of limited waters, laHy reared a liuer of foxes. Oue of those escaped sume time since, nnd took refuge under the counter of ;i license! victualler carrying on' business at the Three Loggerheads, at Richmond-row, much to the terror of the attendants at the bur, who feared to approach the fierce mid gleaming eyes that shone iu (he darkness, as it were, with fire. At Inn a boy, mori; courageous than the others who were permitted to view reynnrd, went boldly to where he lay coiled up, mid took tlie animal in his arms without the 'least attempt on the (ox's part to resist his removal. From this toy, it is supposed, the fox escaped, and took refuge among the gardens and buildings behind the cresent, where for some time he lived on the choicest specimens of Dr Pnr sou's poultry, and furnished grounds for the report that the house was haunted. It was ultimately found and killed iu Dr Parson's cellnr.— Liverpool Albion. Mil Moody and tub Ini'IDEL.— The following story isguiug the rounds of many papers : — 51 r Moody in his first aiidiessin America, told the following incident of his lahorsin Edinburgh :—' While iu Kdiubiirgh a man wus pointed out to me l-v a friend, who said : ? Moody, that man is chairman of1 the Edinburgh Infi del Club.' So I went andsat down beside him, and snid: ' Well, my friend, I am glad to see yount this meeting. Are you not concerned about your welfare V He said he didn't believe in a hereafter. I snid, ' Will you not get down on your knees and let me pray for you V ' I don't believe in prayer.' Well I 'tried unsuccessfully to get the mnn down ou his knees, nnd finally knelt, down be side the infidel nnd prayed for him. Well, he mmle. a good deal of sp»rt over 'it, nud I met him again ninny, times iu Edinburgh after that. Well, a year ago lust month, while in the north of Scotlaud, I met this man again. Placing my hnnd sn his shoulder, I asked, ?' Hasn't God answered the prayer?' He replied, 'Then is no God. I am jiHt the same ns I always have been. If you believe in » God and answers to prayer, do as 1 told you ; try your hnnd on me.' ' Well,' I snid, ' God's time will come. There arc 11 great mnuy praying for you, and 1 nave Hutu tliul you are going to be blessed.' nix months ago I was in Liverpool, nud there I got a letter from the landing barrister of Edinburgh telling me that my friend the infidel had come to Christ, and that of his club of thirty men seventeen had followed his example. How it hnppeucd he could not sny, but whereas he was once blind now he could see. God has answered the prayer. I -did not know how it wns to he answered, but I belisved it would be, and.it wns done.' TiiKitii is a burden of care in getting riches; fenr in keejiing them; temptation iu using them; guilt in abusing the'1 : sorrow in losing them,; nnd a burden uf account at as to be given up cuncerolnfr them. The gold mat is refined iu the hottest furnace comes out the purest, or, as Jean Pnul expresses it, ' the ca nary-bird sings the sweeter the longer it has Uocn trained in a darkened cage.' That mnn mny be called impertinent who considers hot the circumstances of time, or engrosses the conversa tion, or makes himself the subject of his discourse, or pays no regard to the company he is in. We know the poets only iu their books, their wives know them out of them. Their wives see the other side of the moon; nnd we have been made pretty well awaro how they huve appreciated that. Tin; charms of Nature, the majesty of Man, thp. infi nite loveliness of Truth and Virtue, tire not hidden from the eye of the poor, but from the eye of the vain, the cor rupted and self- seeking, be he poor or rich. Mistojucai, oS'otes on Beer. — The Lonor of hiiv'ng'fnadc the discovery of becrbrow mg is ascribed to tho Egyptians by all the .ancient Greek writers. Herodotus, 4;0 n. c, is perhaps the first author who devotsd much of his attention to Egypt, and he men tions that a beverage made of barley vas the usual drink of the Egyptians then. Tradi tion lms it that it was Osiris, King of Egypt, 2000 b. c, -who first jntrodnoed beer into his kingdom. According to ancient brewers' chronologies, the palm rs yielded to Gambri nus in this respect, who was king over Flan ders and Brabant. A book printed at Frank fort-on-the-ilaine, in 1550, and entitled 'Chronikades Johannes Aveutinus,' pur ports giving a portrait of Gambrinus, and mentions this celebrity aa ;i pupil of Osiris. Be this as it may, brewers jn general look upon Gambrinus as: their natron. The Greek poets, Archiloehus, YEscbyhis, find Sopho cles designate beer by the name of ''barley wine.' According lo Dio, befwo the culture of tho vine was introduced, ,1 quantity of beer was prepared from barley ju Spain, Gaul, ind Pannonis. Plinlus mentions thai this liocr was citllod 'Co'ia' in Spain, and ,'? Cerevisia' in Gaul. The froth of this beverage was used for baking purposes in place of barm, and it was also used by the fair sox with hope of preserving the beauti ful tints of tho skin. Tacitus mentions that during his lifetime, or about the time that Jesus Christ wns born, beer was the usual beverage of the Teutonians (Germans), and although he gives us but a very poor aiid vague description of the' brewing process, there can belittle doubt but that tlie conver sion of barley into malt was known even then. The art of brewing beer remained in Ger many, and developed itself with great suc cess; oven up to the present day, pez-haps in no other country is the brewing process car ried out in so -in any different manners as it is in Germany, and in many places beer has taken the position that wine enjoyed. For instance,' did not Herxog Erich, 'of Bruns wick, send a bottle of Eimbeeker beer to Dr Martin Luther after he had successfully re sisted the Court of Worms, as a special mark of princely favor, and for his own bodily strength ? England is likewise renowned by the qualities of her beers, from her light 'table beer' to the heavy 'ales and porters.' Even in Franco ' beer drinking' has become a, modern custom, and the Frenchman, spite of the Toutonian taste, likes his 'choppe de bicre.' Holland brews much ale for exports, and Belgium possesses also a quantity of beers which, however, suit more the inland taste. In liussia beer brewing has of late years been largely established, and Sweden and Norway likewise produce a quantity of good ales. — Practical Magazine. 