ST. PATRICK'S DAY. [lOMMIMi.'A7'i;iJ.i The 17th March being tho anniver sary of St. Pal rick's Day — a day ri'li gioiiKly upheld by all truc-heuriedsone of Erin — the following may not prove uniuU'ivstiiigto some of your readers. It in n festival commemorated by all I'lasses, being Ilie anniversary of the -lc:i(]i of the iiiilron wiint of old Ire land, ami it ix celebrated by all classes with every demonstration of affeetion for his memory Unit a warm-heart ed, enthusiastic, joyous people ean posei bly express. In Dublin, in particu lar, it iHiiHocncof festivity and mirth, unequalled by anything observable in old England. tVoni the highest to the lowest all hearts seem inspired by the saint's benelicenee. At daybreak, flags ily on the wieeples, and the belli* ring out incessant peals till midnight. The rieh bestow their benevolence on the poor, and in return receive ilie blessings of Ilie poor, whicli are equally showered on eaeli oilier ami on the blessed St. Patrick. The green immortal shamrock, is in every liat. Sports of manly excreise exhibit tlie capabilities of the celebrated shillelagh, and before night many a head gives token of the application of its wonder ful powers by a muscular hand. Priestly wire soothes querulousness ; laughter drowns casualty ; brigbt eyed, rosy-elieeked, jaunty lasses danee with tlieir mirth-loving lads* ; tlie care drowning eup is freely handed round ; and by the union of wit, lmmor, fun and frolic, this miraculous day is pro longed till the dawn of the following. A popular soug contains the follow ing verses : — St. Patrick's the holy and tutelar man ; His beard down bis bosom like Aaron's ran ; Some from Scotland, from Wales, will declare that he came, But I care not from whence now ko's risen to fame. The pride of tko world, and bis enemies scorning, I will drink to St. Patrick to-day in the morning. He's ft desperate big little Erin-go-bragli ; He will pardon oar follies and promise us joy By tho mass, by the Pope, by St. Patrick, so long ' As I live I will give him a beautiful song I No saint ib so good, Ireland's country adorn ing ; Thon bail to St. Patriok to-day iu tbe morn ' ing In London, also, the day is observed as a high festival, and for many years tho day was selected as an occasion for soliciting aid to tho promotion of education. In February, 1783, the brotherhood denominated Knights of 'the Illus trious Order of St. Patrick was established. Tho badge is o£ gold, surmounted with -a wreath of sham rocks, surrounding a circle of gold bearing tho motto of the order — quit separahit ?' The shamrock is a trefoil, and the Druids used it to cure diseases. The origin, tf tfa i-**V « &* Irish cognisance, is eaid to be as follows : — When St. Patrick landed near Wick low, to convert tho Irish in 433, the pagan inhabitants were ready to stone him. He requested to be heard, aud endeavored to explain God to them an the Trinity in unity ; but they could not understand him, till, plucking a ' trefoil' from tlie ground, Vie Baid, ' Is it not as possible for the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, as for these throe leaves to grow upon a single stalk P' Then the Irish were im mediately convinced. The simile is ji very beautiful and appropriate one. Wales and Scotland both contend for the honor of trie birthplace of St. Patrick, while Ireland has the honor of the saint himself. Tradition says that St. Patrick first lauded at Croagh Patrick, a high and beautiful mountain in the county of Mayo, from whence he banished all venomous animals into the sea. Tradition also says, tliat when St. Patrick was dying he requested his weeping and lamenting friends to forego their grief, and advised each one to take ' a drop of something to drink,' and it may well be said that thin custom has been most scrupulously and religiously upheld, and Bliould be duly excused by teetotallers. I will conclude with the following song, illustrating St. Patrick's pedi gree : — St. I'atrick was ft gentleman, and he came from decent people ; In Dublin town lie built a church, and on it put a steeple ; His father was a VVoUaghtui, his mother an O'Ura.ly ; His aunt she was a Kinaghan, aud his wife a Widow Br.iily. Tuoralloi), tnnrallno, what a glorious mau our Saint was ; Toorallon, tooralloo, 0 whack, ful de lal do lal, &c.; Ock ! Antrim hills arc mighty high, and so's the Hill of Howth, too, But we all do know a mountain that is higher than them both, ton ; 'Twas on the top uf that high mount St. Fat rick preacliuil a sermon, He drove tbe frogs into the bogs, and ban ished all the vermin. No wonder that we Irish lads then arc so blythtj ami frisky— St. Patrick was the very man that taught us tn ilrink whisky. Ock, to be sure he had the knack and under stood distilling, For his mother kept a shebeen bhop, near the town of Huuiskillcu. The Willow Brady's appearance as bis wife in the above song is incorrect, I'or Si. Patrick never was married, from the rules of the church, which impose celibacy on its elcrgv. j. c. w. P.S. I am indclilcd for (lie above particulars to :m old publication, now somewhat waive (IIouc'h Kvery Day Book), published iil'tj' yenra ago. 