SIR MAURICE O'CONNELL. The Australasian Sketcher for the current month it an unusually interesting one to Queensland readers. Among the illustrations is an admirable portrait of Sir Maurice Charles O'Connell, and the following biographical sketch of his life:— Sir Maurice Charles O'Connell, Knight, Pre- sident of the Legislative Council of Queens- land, was born in 1812 at Sydney, New South Wales, in the " old Military Barracks," the site of which is now better known as Wynyard square. He is the eldest son of the late Lieutenant-General Sir Maurice O'Connell and Mary, his wife, daughter of Admiral William Bligh, whose name is so familiar to most readers in connection with the " Mutiny of the Bounty,'' and who was Governor of the colony. Young O'Connell accompanied his parents to Ceylon, and in 1819 he was sent to England, and was educated partly at Dr. Pinkney's Academy, at East Shene, and at the High School, Edinburgh. Certain special studies were subsequently pursued at Dublin and Paris. In the latter city he was for some time a student of the College of Charlemagne. Destined for tbe military profession, young O'Connell entered tbe Army as an ensign at the age of 16 years, and joined the 73rd Infantry, at Gibraltar, in 1828. During the prevalence of yellow fever at" The Rock," he was subject to quarantine for six months. Afterwards he served at Malta, and proceeded thence in 1831 to Jersey, and remained at the depot of his regiment, as adjutant, until 1835. At three-and-twenty, believing not—though Burke had said it, mourning over the fate of Marie Antoinette—that "the age of chivalry is gone," he turned his attention to that land of romance, Spain, whose young Queen, Isabel Segunda, was then in went of trusty swords to support her throne against her usurping uncle, Don Carlos ; and under the Orders in Council of King William IV.. permitting Britsh subjects to volunteer for foreign servioe, the ardent soldier raised in the county of Cork and other parts of Munster a regiment of the British Legion, and forthwith embarked for the Peninsula to fight " for the Queen and the constitution." Lieutenant O'Connell, with the rank of colonel, headed his regiment, called the 10th Munster Light Infantry, in the stirring times which ensued. During the campaign he was present with it in several engagements between the Christinos and the Carlists, and for his gallantry in action he was repeatedly mentioned with distinction in genera! orders and dispatches. On the retire- mentofSir Qaspsrd Le Marohant, Colonel O'Cunnoll «u appointed deputy-adjutant general ; afterwards, on the return 10 England of Sir De Laoy Evans, our hero sueoeedsd to the rank of general of brigade in command of the New British Auxiliary Legion in Sp/iin ; and he ehnred in the vicissitudoe "which preceded and the tritamphr Which sncceetfM the close of the civil war. Amongst the honours conferred upon the young " Soldier of three queens" (to borrow the eaphemiati o title of Captain Henderson's book of military, adventure in the same scenes), berides his high command for services in the field, he was created, a knight commander of Tssbella the Catholic, klnght of San Fernando, an d knight extraordinary of Charlei IIL At the end of the year 1837. at San Sebastian? the diaaolatiou of the Legion *« promulgated in general order*, on which occasion he expressed in unmistakable language hia opinion of the bad faith of the Spanish Administration. Of the nature of the oonfliot in. wlrioh, the Legion had been engaged, this description was addressed to his fellow-soldiers :-"' To y:u it has been more murderous than to thfi amea in whose ranke yon fought. Yon were aware that, wounded or helpless, should you fall into the hands of the enemy, you had no' mercy to expect. You knewthatno barbarity* would be wanting to heighten the sufferings of yonr last moments. You knew thalfreny of your comrades bad been treated with tbe ferocity only to be expected from the Indian savage. But yonr fearless step Wtfs ever qnioker when it led 2to the enemy, and your shout the most heartfelt whencalled to the battle. Tour pri vations I cannotoali to mind without a thrill of indignation, in refloating that many wen imposed upon yon, not by unavoidable necessity, but by the culpable neglect or the wilful malevolenoe of the individuals appointed by the Spanish Government to superintend your eqatpmtnt. To their etenul inlamy be u recorded that they allowed you to meet this inolement season, exposed in the lines, most of yonr barefooted, and many without other cover ing to yonr nakedness than your greatcoats. This cruelty, I repeat* was inflicted on yon When tho t ightest exertion or Kood feeling night have remedied the erit Yourpay has been allowod to run into a .long arrear. This was unavoidable from this flnaoaial amber* rassments of the Spanish Oovermfcent, ana would, I feel confident, have been cheer fully borne by yon ; but when aocompanied by other sots erf lniusSde -and ill-treatment, ft I has given me an oppdtrenity of dissolving the 1 Legion, and of declaring the engagement with Spain at an end." A contempbfary authority pronounced tin British best force In tbe service of the Queen at Spain indeed, the oiAy troops on whose loysltyand bravery depenaenoe conid be placed.' Shortly after the event just mentioned, the gallant officer returned to England, and w_ajs forthwith reappointed, on full pay, to the Cist Regiment; be v?a» next promoisn » captainoy in the 28th (familiar comber to "cornstalks,") and, as military SMsretary on thsptaffof his father, he returned.to New South Wales, in lSSS. When hia tegiment; was reoalled home, Captain O'Connell void wit* of the army, and settled down in tbe mother colony, connecting himself with ststonl pw». suits. In the swml and polidoal ohaogsa of the succeeding ten years, {Oaptain O'ConnsJl took an active part. Be was ft candidate'for the representation of bis native city to the first Legislative Council of New Souui Wales, but was not successful, owing to his connexion with what was then regarded as the sive" party whidh was considered to bo sp?l ciently strong by reason of the nomitfee knfett* - bet* of the House. In a subsequent deotlon, he was returned without persona). canVas for the distrust of Port Phillip, siid thus should be entitloa to .placeiatn. historical picture of the "Old Coloidtts" he was appointed Commissioner of Crown lAids for Burot'.t, then an^' outside" squat ting distiiot, andl8Mhe was made Govern I meat Bendent at "Port Curtis, which «ffioe he Held until the north-eastern territory was separated from New South Wales, and erec ted i&to; the new colony of Queensland. Captain O'Connell was called to tho Legisla tive Ootfnoil of Queensland upon the assump of the Government by Sir George Bowen, and lie took his seat as one . of the commissioners to open tbe first Parliament on tbs 22nd May, I860, and represented tbe Ministry through out the session. During this period his name became identified with somo of the most im portant measures of legislation- notably, the Primary Education Act and the Grammar Sohoole Act. At the cloee of the year he was appointed President of the Couuoil, upon the retirement of Sir Charles Nioholson, Bart, ilesnwhile, to a recent period, he held th» command of the local military as Colonel of the Queensland Volunteers. When Sir George Bowen left the oolonv for New Zealand Colo nel O'Connell administered the Government, and during his occupation of Government-, house be had ss a guest His Boyal highness the Duke of Edinburgh, whose presence was made the occasion for dispensing a handsome hcmpittlity to the colonist®. Following tho dsath of Governor Blackall end until the ar rival of the Marquis of Normauliy, Cojonel O'Connell a second time edmisistered -the Government, and again daring the period that elapsed between the departure of Lord Normanby and the arrival of the present Governor, William Wellington Oairns, Esq, C.MG. The honor of knighthood was con ferred upon Sir Maurice O'Connell in 186ft. It may be said that the subjeot of this me moir is an Australian Governor almost f>y - in heritaoco, certainly by 8-coeMion and lineige. His grandfather, Admiral Bligh, was one of the earliest Governors of New (south Wales j his father. General Maurice OConnell. was Aoting-Governor of the 6ame colony, and he himself has been Acting-Governor of Queens land three times. By s commission under .the sign-Manual of Her Majesty the Queen, bear ing data 1868, Bir Manrioe is the offie&r; on whom the administration of the Government would devolve in case of the death, or duriug the ab sence or incapacity of the Governor. Sir l Manrioe was married in '835. at Jursey, to I Eliza Emily, daughter of Colonel Philip Le Geyt, formerly of tbe 63rd Begiment. Lady O'Connell is foremost in every movement for the social advancement of the oommumty amidst whioh she ha? so Ion* dwelt. Sir Maurioe is a brother of tbe " rnystio he, and stands high in the ancient and honorable craft of Freemasons, being the provincial grsna mNiter under Irish constitution. He is presi dent of the Australian Association and of the Queensland Turf Club, ann a vioe-president of the National Agricultural Association. As a kinsman o* the " Liberator," Sir tUurice was the honoured guest of the Sons of the Emerald Isle during the reoent festivities in oom numeration of the oenteuary of Daniel O'Connell. The portrait is from a photograph by A. Lomer, of Queen-street, Brisbane, iJdoiNE theie Feexikos !-Sometime ago, 1 amorebibly informed; a literary journal oon tained a correspondence between two female novelists, one accusing the other of plsgiarisnj. The letters grew so iraound that the e litor re quested his bur correspondents to exolunge ' addresses, and oonolude the discussion privately. Tbe result wss amusing. MissA., author, let us say, of Ghost Grange, had aocused Miss Z.. author of LjUUn and Lovdy, of plsgiarism, whioh Misi 2. indigoanUy denied. Imagine the feelings of both when it was discover#! that they MSided in the ssme house, Miss Z. being the _mistress of a fashionable ladies' " seminary at Brighton, and Miss A. one of her most forward pupUs How poor Miss A. got through tberemssnaer of her half-year has never been revealed. 