SPORTING NOTES FROM HOME. BI ROBIN HOOD. LONDON, OCT 27. The week succeeding the Cesarewitch was a very quiet one in the way of racing, there being a few unimportant meetings, as Croy don, Newca&Ue; autumn, kc. Ac the clubs, of cooree, racing men were busy enough speculating on the Cambridgeshire, which may be called the laBt great betting race of 1S76. The moststriking feature of the week was the consistent backing of the Cesare witch winner Rosebery, whom Mr. Smith declared would break the charm and land the till now never-accomplished double of Cesarewitch and Cambridgeshire. The weight of metal put on tbe Ron of Speculum boon brought iiitu from 100 to 6 to 5 to 1 wanted, hif owner booking such bets as 10,000 to 600, C.0C0 to 500, 4,000 to 500, and at laet 2,500 to 500. i will, however, without further comment, proceed the sport. Hieing commenced on Monday, but the only race of interest was the Criterion Stakes, for two jear olds, which elill further showed us what a iun of luck tbe foreign dmaion are having this year, aB here, again, two French horses were first and second, Prince D'Aienberii'e Joiogleur beating Count La f.rarge'8 Vtrneuil (who, they said, had been tried better than Cbamani) by three quarters of a length. The winner is ia the French Derby and Grand Prix de Paris, but is not engaged in the Epsom Derby. At the rooms, at night, there was some very heavy betting on the Cambridgeshire, and Sir George Cbetwynd| supported C it's -eye with great spirit, so much BO tuac his hcrse left off nearly as good a favourite as the Cesarewitch winner " The Prince of Wales arrived on the eve of tbe race, and was warmly welcomed, as he haB not been at Newmarket before since his return from India. The morning was fin*, und although the day was gloomy, rain kept off ana made it very e»> joyable. I need not go through the rest of the racing, as, with the exception of the big event, cbere was nothing possessing more than local interest. I should mention that lots for placeB were drawn to-day for the first time atNewmarket, and it iB a decided move in the right direc tion-in fact; there is plenty of room for im provement in many of the arrangements at head- quarters, in which I am sure I shall be borne out by any visitor fresh from Flemiag ton or Rundwick. Over the Cambridgeshire course, which ia up an incline throughout, the herbage grows very thickly and longatttiis time of the year; bat on the right-haud side of the course there is a beaten track about three yards wide, caused by pedestrians and otheia crossing the heath. It will be at once Been that it is & great advantage to get on this high ground and short grass, ana a general Bcranible to get there was the result; this will now, of course, be prevented by the lot-drawiDg for places. Amongst the competitors, Rosebery, Newport, Skylark, and Cat's-eye were the most admired, the Cesarewitch hero coming in for the most at tention. Tbe race itBelf is soon told, as New port, Vril, Pluton, and Hopbioom made the pace a vety warm one, tbe rest of the field in a bunch till about a quarter of a mile from home, when Newport was done witb, and at this point Rosebery as nearly as possible got knocked over by The Ghost, who Bwerved as soon as Rossiter called upon fcim. Constable, howfever, rallied his horse in the most wonderful manner, and set all sail to catch Hopbioom, whom he got on terms with 100 yards from home, and, going on, won by a neck. Mr. James Smith, who is a large book maker, and, I believe, proprietor of one of the leading sporting papers, has thus shown himself a consummate judge of a racehorse, as he has never wavered in his opinion, bat has always told hie friends-and, in fact, the public generally-that in Rosebery he pos sessed tbe best four year old in Eoglaud, and tbat be would Bhow that it was a possi bility to win both Cesarewitch and Cam bridgeshire. Appended is a fall list of etarteis and betting at the post THI OAMnBIDGKSHLBK 8TAKE8, Of 56 sove. each, 10 iu, and only 6 it "uci&red; with 800 itddod. Wfunore extra, ine teajiui received 100 FOV0 . and third naved bar Btaka. ebue course, one milo 240 ya»dg UM&brldgj.; Mr. J. Emitli'n b c Kosebory, by StMnulnm » ^bioV18'.8"1'?!6" i:'.c,ud"«141b" 1 %4£nT*'fl b 0 aopb'^a'8"y^ St 2,b 1 MrBb«pf- Mar8ha.'!'s br.f.L,ri?-8 ^ «*««». (j;! Mr. Aclojo'8 CoottaBFie, 4yrs, 9at. 41b - 8 Mr. A: Baltazzi's Ccuruleus, 4 yra 8 t 7!?^"') 0 Goater) .. .. _ ' ' *» 8*. 'lb. (J. %&!*?*" ' MC JoncrV)indC!1fa *°°d,audf. 4 »», sVt. « iirM0»'1,CT. 3'yrs, 7'sU21b. 0 | Ureile"' Th9 °hJ6t' *">'«*, 7k 91b. (a,; 0 Lrrd Exefer'u Vril, 6 jreT7at Gll>. (Aldrlde"\ " <. ("aArclet) Ug;w^'BOav';^l, 3 yr8, 7et. 51b! ° M. Lupiu's KensscOa, 4 yrg, 7«'t. Slb'fHur^w \ " 0 M.. Bowes'a PoleT*, 6 yre, 7.tni£<M> " 0 Johii»cn)mOLt" UUUJmai;deUr' 8 y«. 7u («V. ° .ysr-T*.'" «».«!; . H(u"w°)WB'B u-cy ?.uch"f 8 *"?6aV- wib! # Captain Stirling'* Pluton, 3 yra Bst'aih iw * 0 Mri H. Btltazzin TWrecopet 4 y 8%/8V^,°n) 0 Mr. E. Potter'. Newport, 3 vr", ftL 81b . lClb. extra (F. J< ffcrj) I , ' 11J0lu1u«r Mr. Oowm'e Adviiiice,-3 yrg, 6«t 61b "(Morrem " ' Iy>rd Wiltons Footttep 3 yre, o«. 616. (JJ. Wtatn S JarvlT)U C a8lon a Jouv»lle. 8 yrs, est. 4lb (j L0T* 3'y". 63t. 4th: * S'^ «M^eK.Cat'85C' ^ ^re» 2'b.; carried ° Prince Soltjkoff's Tassel", 3 yrs,* 6s*. m lUm.t* V ® Mr. YV. S. Crawfurd's Brother to Koyil Gen,® 4 3 yrs, Bst. 131b. (Wycherly) .. . ***>*&, Mr. I. Bute'* Sutherland, 8 ym. fiat "ifllh m"_ ® Mr- £*Tn'ioe'B st 3 yrs, 6 .t.'loib. (tle»th» ! ir. f.rrenuceBbt AgDedl3yra.5>t.l01t> m«u*k* Count Iaftm>Re declared to win withGav^ 9 Betting at the Start.-4 to 1 each test Roeeb6rr«»j -atfi-eye, 6 to 1 agst Ghost, 100 to 6/ J to 1 apt Merry DuchefH, 25 to 1a^TfthSSS'ft to leach »est Skylark, Vril, PensaeSL. pi^pe'8? ^Port; 40 to X each sget Hopbloom Lord nr,'/iB4 anrt Tflsnal ? K(1 1 «««lT . w'1 ,uora WOCOllL w£°rt J 40 to X each sget Hopbloom Lord n^ i and Tat set; 60 to 1 each aget Ooou£iiiern'!?ln« Claremont, Woodlands, Licy, Llria. Ad't.nl "i Brother to Eoyal George; 100 tol* each LbtC^ ductor, Ironstone, Footstep, and Jon Wile K bJa" Place BftUcg.- 6 to 4 acst Boseberv n t" ^ Cafe-eye, 7 to 4 agat Ghott a to 1 8g9t Me.ryXchT. 5 to I < acb aget hk.vl.rk, Vril, Newport and land ; 6 to 1 agGt P/ulon and TelescJDe s I i 'l sgst Hopbloom, Tateei, and Penaacola ' lo tl 1 a^st Lirie, Clarem uit, Lacy, Irocfctone, and Brother tn Ho: al George; 100 to 8 agst CoomaBsie. to Thc ring are heavy Jose re by the result aa the jpJtiaordiijary contido^ce Qiguldvedf ho Mr Smith made the public follow suit Con, stable, wDo rode the winner faer^ Z. treated as weil as Arcber in the witch, £8 Le rectived a cheque for £l QM faT tiiB Berviies. It is an astonishing facu that tb)P, the firet ,^r that the Jock% cfub have imposed so heavy a penally as 14lb for wiuDiut! t,)b Cajsajewitch, a horse is found *bo carries it and wins, whereas when the ^D»lty wae 7lb. the feat w,»8 never aeoom! pliehed. Ihe secoi.d and third in tliig raca we.-e rank omaiderf, the private trials in Mieu caecti being most glaiing roigtakes, as Mop bloom, a stab.e cotupanion of The G'ios! to u> 1). started at 40 to 1. and Liria ia Cit'g eje c (4 to 1) stable started at 50 to 1. The tacitjg on Wednesday was unimpor excfpt that Uooes&is; otice more cjiiterc-d bone over the TYC with lOit np On Thursday the Dewbant Plate confirmed the excellence of Cuamant. aS- u® ^niu over J'1'6 «ev«fo seven furlongs wnl) a lOlb. penult.y. Plunger was second, antt v> mcht-lgea third ; won by half a length, lour lengths between fiecoudand third. Iu tieatirg of other eporti I must this month be biief, I fear, as to do justice in one Jetier to two tuch important meetiags as the Leparewirch ond Cambridgeshire weekn will, 1 8ure' 0CCBfy "early all the space that can be epared^me, and the more so that this lenerwili arriro in the thick of your own racing eeo son. First, then, in aquatics (which, since Trickett'n easy win, no doubt, interests you greatly), I am eorry to have to send nevrs which most somewhat detract from the naent of the Sydney man's late victory, and make it the more than -ever to be regretted [hat he bad not the opportunity beforeleav ing England of giving as a further proof of his qnaliiy by a match with a younger and better man than Sadler. It will be re membered tbar. Trickett challenged both Lumeden and Higginc, and as the former precedence, a match was made with him; meanwhile Hiafiwe left England to asuiet at the Centennial Regatta at Phils aelptiie, and was in America at the time of the forfeiture of Lumeden to Trickett; and . »b Trickett's private arrangements would brook ot no longer delay in the old country, this match, so much wished for by all rowing men (the majority of whom fe*l convinctd that Biggins is the best man in Eaglaud) be came an impossibility. After Trickett left us Boyd and Sidler were matched for £400; the race came off on October 11, and is easily toJd, as Boyd (who only in June last waseasily beaten by Higgine) from the first stroke drew Njowly end sorely ahead, and, withour ever tiving Sadler tbe smallest ad vantage, paddled home 10 lengths ahead of the ex-champion, so t tmt it becomes at once apparent to all 'bat Sadler is far indeed from being tbe m: n be once was. Of course Trickett is in no way whatever to blame for the fact that he only met Sadler, as Lumeden forfeited to him, and, as you know, tried hard to shuffia out of pacing, and Higgins being in America, he could not reasonably be expected to wait his return. So, having gained bis " blushing honours" gallantly, the right to return home with them "thick upon him"could not be denied him. I am glad to hear that a good reception awaits him in Sydney; here be made nothing but friends, all who met him admiring his uneBtuming and quiet manner, . and they showed it, too, in a substantial way in the handsome testimonial presented him before he left. Sadler will row no more, ana tbe members of tbe Beveral rowing clubs ana others have been getting up a subscription for him >0 Btart him in business. The response is a vety liberal one, over £300 having been already collected. Poor old England h»B, I find, lost tbe championship of tbe Stioe aB well as the Thames, as on Sunday, October 15, Mr. Gesling, an English man, who hue for many years held the cham pionship in Paris, was beaten by Laiug, a Frwi co-Russian eculler. The cricket season is over with UP, and before you get tbiB many of our good men will be with you, and will have played a match perhaps. 1 think yon will find them much stronger in bowling than the last team that viBited you. although I fancy them a little weak in tbe batting line; take them all mundi however, they are a very good team, end it is, of course, impossible to get abso lutely tbe eleven best men in England to leave bo roe for six months, whether gentle men or piofeesionals. Mr> W. G. Grace has during this season fairly surpassed all h»B previous performances, bis average of 62 tor 42 completed innings in first-class matches, nud of 70 in matches played for the Mary'®* bone C.C., being really wonderful. As an instance of tbe immense disparity between iiis batting and that of any other player, » may mtntiou that the second highest averag# TZ* M.C.C. ia Mr. F. Penn, with 33rmrt par . iima ^at t'ie cliaaiPiai1. nn^Bt whose enormous scores I may quote SJVc'g v- Kent, and 400 (not out) against »! of Grimsby. Whilst treating of criokat. njeniion that Julius Crcsar, jun., a rnfessi^^®1 bowler, and son of the Julius PTarBo well known to Australians, corn ed puicide in September last-driak, "as J,tt.j the cause. Wo «eek I visited a horse and agricul tural *n the weat' al wh*chL k'rd Aliugtou was to be judge of, aud award a r ze to, the best all-round hunter. Tuere if'w eii:.» competitors, and these had to be Jjjden one after another (separately) over {^country chosen for the trial. The jumps Lre a double, a brook going down bill, a nMt-aud rail fence, a gate, the brook aguu Joing up inll> »n<i a flight of hurdles. Tiie Jogt-and- rails, gates, and hurdles were very ijmenf'.er FJemington; but the double and [hewa'^r jumps would have bothered Aus rflli&n; hunting men not a little. It was made flimpuliory to land in the double, any horse at tempti'-g to fly it being out of court at ouce. yie contest was a very tight one, as although {ve of the horses were voted out of it after he firft, round, the other three were so nearly alike (ill getting over without baulking or girikiuy} that they were ordered to go round sg4ji), and it was only after five more trials tbat the price was finally awarded to a very nice cbeenut mare by Acrobat. This way of deciding a hunter's merit is a very good one, every qualification being taken into couside ration ; iu this case, for instance, even in tbe filial trial, when only two horses were left in, ^either made a mistake, but one of them (tould not take the water without being jelled at and receiving a good taste of the jtreaaders, and as the Acrobat mare took cveryti ing without a touch or a word the first prize was awarded her. Two valuable horses, Marquis of Steyne and Nouveiles, who had been racing at Oatend, got their necks broken by the pitching of a steamer in a gale on their return voyage to England. This shows Melbourne backers tbat it is after all as well to stipulate for a "safe arrival" before plunging on their par ticular weaknesses for Sydney Lsgers and gold cups. The proposed new rules of racing tsvfl been published by the committee of the Jockey Club, but as they ate now being dis cussed and amended by full meetings of the dab at Newmarket, I shall leave toeai till toy next month's letter, when I trust they nili all have been determined on. Same of tbe new rules proposed will be received with jc.lamation by racing men. I should mem iou that at tbe annual sale often; lings at Djncaster tua Highest price, viz, 1,150 guineas, was realised for a chesnur, colt by Lird Clifden out of B^nnv Blink, an own brother to Hawthorndeu. Tuis should be very gratifying to Australians as it shows them that they have in tbeir colonies the \eiy strains of Wood which command fop .prices ar. home. Tdere can be no doubt that tbe Vilne of the colt mentioned aba»e was foupwhat. enhanced by tbe Ut« victory of his inlf-brorher Petrarch (ilso by L nd Clifdeu) in the St Leger, but this fac, m icself is a. pleasing one, as in Proro-Mirtyr you p.->3' 6efB a horse out of Petrarch's dam, Liura, i utile in Hawtbornden you have the baU ifcrother to fiis year's Two Thousand Guineas hud L°s»t winner on bis sire's side. 