POLICE COURT—ADELAIDE. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] Jane Green, single woman, was fined 10s. for loitering, &c.; Mury Evans and Elizabeth Geohegan, single women, for a similar offence, were fined like amounts. Edward Solan, laborer, was fined 10s. for drunkenness. Bayne Leonard, laborer, and Sarah[Hagd, single woman, were charged with being found sleeping in a stable off Hawden-street, having no visible means of support. The defendants ! were cautioned and dismissed. \ Thomas Turner, laborer, -was charged on warrant with assaulting his wife, Mary. Fined ss.and costs, 20a. in all. Charles Gyuun, a boy, was fined 55., and 10s. costs, for furious driving along the Parade, Norwood, on the 9th of September. ; Inspector Board's informations :r—flenj^ Bthaa, carter, charged with -not having his name &c;, painted on his vehicle, was fined ss. and costs, 15s; in all.— Frederick LeHer, carter, Robert Sparks, carter,and.Charles Wil liams, .a boy, were fined similsr amounts for like offences. Frederick Haiicock, carter, was fined 4s. and coste, 145., on a similar charge. ' [Before Mr. S.Beddome, P.M., and Mr.T. O. Jones, JJ*.] Henry Meadows, draper and grocer,' was charged with assaulting Charles Henry Brown, grocer's assistant, on the 9th of September, Mr. Nicholson for the prosecutor; Mr. A. G. Downer for the defendant. The prosecutor stated on the day in question, a quarrel arose between him and the defendant, who was his employer, and the latter abused him shamefully, calling him a IScoundrel, a lying vagabond, and using other opprobrious expressions. Defendant told him that he would leave his employ next week, and the prosecutor struck him in the face on two occasions. They were in defendant's shop at tbe time, iand prosecutor was serving some customers. The dispute commenced in consequence of a ques tion by Mr. Meadows as to where the butter paper was. By Mr. Downer—Spoke respect fully to the defendant. The paper witness directed defendant to take was the right butter paper. When defendant called, witness a liar, witness rejoined with f You're a liar." A wit ness corroborated, and stated that, when Mr. Meadows saw the paper he said itwas the wrong paper, but the prosecutor insisted -that it was the right. Another .witness stated that" there was provocation on both sides," prese- | cutor calling Mr. Meadows an "old hypo crite." For the defence, Andrew Walter Meadows stated that the prosecutor was very disrespectful to tbe defendant, and when the defendant asked him for the butter paper he flew into a temper. Prosecutor was a short tempered man, and Mr. Meadows told him to keep his temper. The'defendant was fined £2 I and costs, £3 in all. Joseph Worrell, apprentice, was charged with misconducting himself while in the service of William James Webber and James Hughes, plasterers, by disobeying orders on the sth of , September. Mr. Dashwood for the prosecutor.; i Mr. Smith for the defendant. It was stated that on the day in question the defendant re fused to continue his work, and the prosecutor . told him he had better go home. For the .de fence, it was sought to be shown that the prose cutor had neglected to teach the defendant his j trade; that the prosecutor Webber had used I insulting language towards Jiis apprentice; and that on the day in question theboy only refused j to do"laboring,"and asked tobetaughthistrade. Mr. Smith submitted, in addition to these objec- j tions,thatrthe indentures of apprenticeship were invalid, as they purported to be signed and sealed, and were only signed, and the necessary counterpart had not been made (vide Burn's Justice L, 187). Prosecutor, cross-examined, stated that the defendant had asked him for his papers, but had never reeeived them. Evidence was then given. that prosecutor had called defendant a " long ghost," and had kept the defendant to " laboring." Defendant had been made to carry a hod, and to sift sand. -The court considered tbe boy had done wrong in dis obey mg orders, and that it was unreasonable for him to expect his master to keep him con tinually learning his trade. They also thought that the indentures constituted a sufficient agreement of apprentice. Fined 10s. and costs, £1 in all. - Qirisiian WMschintzy, sheepfarmer, was charged with stealing about 61 sheep, the pro perty of John Gottlieb Jaenscb. and William Jaenscb, sheepfarmers, Hundred of Dalrymple, Yorke's Peninsula. John Gottlieb Jeansch stated that the prisoner lived at Oaklands: his run adioined witness's run, upon which there were about 800 sheep branded with tar, "?G.J." on the near shoulder. The sheep were also ear marked, and a number of them were branded "J" with a firebrand on the nose. In conse quence of something his shepherd told him, witness counted his sheep in August last, and found a large number missing. On the 18th of August witness went with bT? brother to prisoner's run. Asked prisoner if there were any of .hjs sheep there. He made no answer. Subsequently, witness and his brother noticed some of their sheep in prisoner's flock. They recognised them by their brands. The "J"'on the nose had been obliterated, and replaced by an "O." Prisoner's sheep were marked on the right ear; those belonging to witness and his brother were marked on both ears. Later they met prisoner, and told him that they had found some of their sheep branded with his tar brand. They then showed him some of the sheep, and prisoner replied that he bad bought them from Mr. Bollard, a sheepfarmer in the Hundred of Dalrymple. Remembered the case beingTieard at Edithburgh and identified some of the sheep then produced. Witness had previously seen them on prisoner's farm. Suspected prisoner, because one of wit ness's ewes which had been missed came back to witness's run for its lamb. Thenosemarkhadbeen obliterated. William Jaensch, sheepfarmer, brother of the prosecutor, corroborated the evi dence of the previous witness. He stated that he found over 90 sheep belonging to himself and his brother among prisoner's flocks. Johaan Leiimann, shepherd, in the employ of the prosecutors, said en the 23rd of March he had 1,107 sheep in his charge. In July he had only 325, and in August 248. The others were drafted off to other parts of the colony. On the 25th of July he missed 25, 22 on the 2nd ofAugust,and lOon thelOthorllthofAugust. Witness missed the sheep in the morning. They were yarded every evening about a mile and a half from : ?wiiuetHfo h?M.- rThe aheep outside fhecoarthouae?t'Edi?&brgft; witness saw pre viously on the property of prisoner.. William Bollard, farmer, pf the Hundred of Dalrymple, said he sold the prisoner 100 sheep on the 4th of July last. They were mosOy ewes, and had a half circle and B branded* with paint on their backs. Among the sheep claimed by Jaenscb there were none that witness sold to prisoner. Witness's sheep were not branded on the npee. P,C,Todd,Btatk>nedatYorketow?,9wd he accompanied the Jaensch's to prisoner's run on the 18th. of August, and saw them identify their sheep. Witness arrested prisoner and his son on a warrant. The younger prisoner said be branded Hie sheep with a. piece of fencing wire -ever ifce " J." The prisoner eaid he did not brand the sheep and knew nothing about it. .By Mr. Dashwood—The prisoner was charged with the same offence at Edithbttrgh. The in formation was dismissed. His Worship (to Inspector Peterswald)—lt appears that the in formation was dismissed by the jo?tices at Edithburgh. Why do yon charge him again? Inspector Peterswald stated that the Grown Solicitor was dissatisfied with - the decision of the justices. It appeased that the information had been dismissed in con sequence .of evidence given by prisoner^ wife, which had been taken illegally. Me. Dashwood contended that bis client "had- been treated hurehly in having to .answer * charge in one court when it had beendiamissed in Mother. His Wcnhip said as a rule he objected to try a man on information, which bad-already been disposed of in another court, bat the present case, owing to the illegal evidence given at Edithburgh, was a peculiar one. "The prisoner, who made no statement, was committed for trial at the present sessions of the Supreme Oouit. Bail was refused. William Alfred Wood, bookseller's assistant, was charged with leaving his aged father, William Wood, out of business, without ade quate means of support. The information was dismissed. . . . . . 