A GRIEVANCE. '(TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD.) Sin,-Colac is unfortunately now cursed with a hewspaper similar to the one estab lished in Camperdown some eighteen months since, and this Colae subsidised affair must needs endeavor to blacken the public charac ter of the people of this district upon every opportunity. In its last issue it states "the infinitesimal knot of malcontents" will be allowed the opportunity of hearing an account of our member's stewardship, and in the same paragraph it also states, "we are not sure whether the meeting will allow him to speak when he comes." If there is only an "infinitesimal knot of mal contents," surely they will easily be kept in order. This style of thing is getting beyond. bearing, and I hope that some intelligent elector will allude to it at the meeting on Thursday next. Mr. E. Cooper some time ago pointed out the falsehoods which ap peared in the Colac Times respecting the manner'in which public meetings are held in Colac. A good ducking is the best thing for these slanderers, and they will likely get it some of these days. The letter signed "A Catholic," which appeared in its last issue, is another specimen of its dirty worlk. One good job is, that the Colac Times is visibly deteriorating day by day, and I do 0 not think that the manager is making a ", good square meal" a day out of it. It is to be hoped that it will soon give up the ghost, for it is a great misfortune that this district should be thus cursed. It is not wanted here, except by two or three landed proprietors, and one or two time-servers, therefore the sooner it goes the better it will be for the district. It- will be a good day for Colac when this slanderous subsidised journal ceases to exist amongst us. I am, sir &c.;, ANTI-HUMBUG. The rattle of deadly crotalus is not more significant of danger than a dry, -hacking oug-h, silence this harbinger of consumption. lRt i been ascertained by repeated experi oneuts tbat, in addition to its tonic diuretic, ;and 'dodeayting properties that Udolpho VWolfe's .ScPidai Aromatic Schnapps os :sesses, pmIl'pUie Fj-rtues of no mean order; ithat it soothes anld 4 iigorates the irritated and weakened lipaig" Mi fl)e throat .and 'brouchia, and piruvelpsthe .iuag iaonffrom ,rxtending to the lungs, 