no You lc'icice itiit ("Aot0 ? A' sTonuY oR * i TI lE GOOD OLD DAY-t'1 fly CAFTAN- IT: Mont - HIsrelRnYs, Late[ll.M. Capo3e Mounted Rilemen-, "Autlhorof "l loot and Saddle," etc., etc IT's a long time ago now since it happened, but if my life were to be extended a thousand years, I could never forget what I saw that alight. Dream't it? No II saw it as plainly as I see you, and was as wide awake ther. as I am now. IHowever, I'll tell you all about -it. and then you may think just what you like. -fy old dad sent me out here, to "' sober -sme down," nas he called it. I had been read ing for thle Bar, at Gray's Inn : that is to say, I hlad, been eating my routine dinners there. realing as little as possible, and spend ing as muchl moaley in London racketting as Scould got to spend. Wtell, the Governor ot "waxy," and stopped thle supplies; • s.nt's more, lto swore thalt if I dlidn't go to Australia ana take a sheep firms, live on It, and makeo a fortune, he'd disinlherit nec. ' Tile old ?an alwanys prided himself- on never Ihaving broken his word ; so discrctibo, being thle better part of valour, I took the money my fatlher gave sase to start firming with andl setsanil for Port Ph'lillip. When I arrived tile " gold fever" had broken out and I cauliht it. "Yes.' Siren I" Il ad an alarming attack of it, and, by wray of attempting a cure, I lodged ny money, for safe kceping. in tile bannk, bouhnit at outfit,- and started off on foot to Bendigo. Never thaving been used to much pedestrian exercise, I felt the fitigue of walking awfully, and towards evening of the tos rth day of moy joany I yerily.bellre I shoeld haae brokeln down, but for a " lift" I got on a dray, tile owners of which were four Indian army fellows, who hadl come to spend their eighteen monthls' "leave"r in Australia to "hunt up a nesw sensation." as they called it. A glorious lot of fellows they-were. and before we had gone a mile they found oat who I was, told me who they were, nad we were as " thick as.thieves.' The party. sas splendidly equipped and'lhald na tent, tools, nied "grab" isa abundance. - The eldest of tihe party was Captain Trevror of the NIadrs Cavalry, and lie wasn't over thirty two years years of age. Tile others were subalterns, whoros iaes ranged frotni twenty to twenaty- five. - Little Charley tIunro was the youngest of the lot, and his comrades called him "Jemina," because he hald a pretty, girlish face, and ringletty flaxen hair. Brown anil Mainwaring were leuten ants in Trevor's regiment. Whenn we got to tile diggines, tlhe soldiers Invited mo to J sin their party, and you msany guess I oas jolly glad to accept the invitation. Well, we pegged out a claim, pitched our camp, and set to work. A rum lot we were to look at, for, witi thanrt erit le corps., which is In separable front soldiers, othe Inaia fellors had all bought exactly the same sort of toggery to dig in. Each one of the four was dressed in a blue guernsey shirt, white mole skins, waterproof thigh boots, and a "son wester" hat. When they stood uip together. they looked for all the world like a gang of stage smaugglers ti a play. Of course tihere .was lots of 'claff"' knocking about, but ihat was an article we. know how to give -and take with thl beat. Our clainm wars at least two hundred yards front any other, and the ground in our vicinity was reported to be Svery poor. Why we selected our patch I don't know, bulltI think it was because the Sold horse that drtew our dray stopped on the -spot, and Troveor drawled out, in a way that .made us all laugh, "I say, you fellows, I \- voto oe w accept the omen of tile ' mokc.' .and stop here too.". By one of those .curious chances, as common ill aurlferous ,countries, our. patch turned out very rich, WVo worked like niggers, and none harder than the "lardlidar" captain, who would never touch a pick or shovel without first putting .on. a pair of buckskin gloves. " I think I rather lIke Iard labour," lea used to say, "but I can't stand those dena blisters." WVell, for ia long time our luck dliln't becono known ; buat at last, by some moans or oilther, .the news nozed out, and fellows sot to work digging all round us. No hlole, however, ex -cept our own. proved reomnosrative, nnd by degrees all thle clanis were deserted, except one, owned by a party of three; a who hlud .ntnk a shaft ahotaut twenty vyards distnt from us. Tile head mant. of tills party was. a ;poworfully- lullt, : broad-shouldered fellow, Swith a fiteC that .would lhave passed for handsome, but tfr a sort of half-suspicious, half.acowling look, that. imparted a treach .orous tinge to his eountonange. WVhen half ,drunk, the fellow seemed to bejolly- with his .mates and free with Iles money I rwho snober, Ile.was..qtlky and, taciturn s and, when tihe aworso of liquor, lo would fight ,and qularcl all.around. Young Munro nick-named tlse man" L'lommo Rlouge,". saying ihereminded him of thile " td Man" that was said to have haunted Napoleon tile Great. Tile name was not. badly choseon, for our truculent neighbour always wore a scarlot flannel shirt, and had a head of hair and beard that'almost vied with it in brilliancy of colour. This man and his mates mnade several uncouth, but apparently well-intentioned attempts to become friendly with us ; but we always re pulsed their overtures in as little offensive a way as possible. Still we let thetm see that the mtore they kept themselves to themselves the more we should like them. Tile beggars wanted to find out how much gold we were getting, and we didn't choose to satisfy their curiosity. Nothing maddens a real low-bred fellow so much as silent disdain, and it 'wasn't long befire loudly-expressed threats curses began to reach our ears. At last the storm burst. One night ",Jemlna" was carried into our tent by soime diggers, who had found him lying, (as they then thought dead), about half-a-mile from the camp-as we called that part of the diggings wlhero the storesand grog slanties were located. Tihe poor young fellow had been frightfully mauled, and when lie recovered consciousness lie told us that, as lie was returning from the camp wilth somenic provisions he had been to buy, several men had waylaid and attacked binsm, the only one of whlom lie recognized was the " ]Ied Alan." What a rage we were in I Our first impulse was to rushl in a bady to the next claim, capture " Carrotty Jiom- as his mates called hlii-and hand him over to the police at tie camps ; but Trevor would not hear of this. "Leave tllo brute to me," said lie, "I'll give liut a lesson that he will rememlber longer thau ally the law can teach him." " What do you propose doing ?" we asked, "Wait till daylight, and you shall see," was the reply. Now, I must tell you that Trevor was a tall, slhn, but sinewy fellow-just one of those men wiho do not impress you as being stronger, more plucky, or determined, than most other smen one meets every day. Iie was very gentlemanly, rather languid in his style, nnd thoroughly good-natured. Ito had tile reputatIou of being the "crack" rider of his regiment and the neatest boxer in tlhe army. lie admitted \--when the subject was broached--that lihe was "pretty fair with the gloves, and rather liked a bout, only it made a fellow perspire so disagreeably." Next morning, as soon as it was light .Inough to see clearly, Trevor took olf his thick shirt, put on a pair of light shoes, and, while tightening his waist strap by a few holes, said quietly, "I don't want any of you to interferd further lthai to see fair play." And withllthat he left the tent. walked up to tile one occupied by our neighbours, and bawled through tile canvas, "I say, within therel send out that red shirted blackguard; I've something to say.to him." In a mnoment the rufman and his mates emerged, nol, seeing four of us waiting outside, stood irresolute for a moment, being at a loss to imagine our purpose. " Carrotty Jim's" fice turned livid, for he evidently sus pected that poor Munro had been found dead, and that some of those who had par ticipated in the brutal assault had betrayed hihn. Before tile man could regain his presence of mind, Trevor said to hinm-look lng as cool as a statue all tlhe whIlic-" You infernal cowardly Ihoundl I'm going to serve you as you served umy poor young comrade last night ; I'll thrash your ugly carcase until it call ne'tller see, hear, speak, nor stand !" "\iill you, by-- " !"andatitthey went. Tlhe red-headed ruillan hadn't a chance, thoughl twice as powerfuil a imas as Trevor; for the former struck out wildly, whilst the latter dodged, or parried, every blow aimed at him, putting in at every opening-with the qulickness of a skilled fencecr-a perfect hailstorm of blows. IIn ten minutes "L' Ilomme RIoge" was blind as a bat, and in five more Trevor had knocked every particle of fight ouit of him, and planted him o thte ground; battered, senscless, and redder thla ever. "Now I " saiod Trevor, turning to his antagonist's smales," If either of you feeldissatistled, I shall be happy to aceommodato iyou." " No you don't ! " "Vory well, then, please give my compli ments to your red friend, when lie wakelens p, and tell lhnim that I think it would be to the benefit of this neighbourhood were lie to leave it, and that If lie doesn't agree with meI shall endeavour to persuade himln, so soon us his healtll permits him to hold an argument such as wOe'v had thlls iuornig. Come along boys, it's time we should attend to' Jemima' and get breakfast. By Jove I I feel quite hungry I " Poor "Jemimta I" we had some trouble to pull hilm round, for he was by no means a strong follow, and had been hammiered most villainously. As for the red beast, lie and his friends disappeared during the night, with bag and baggage. Noet time twe went down to camp, to tile " Itendczvous-htalf store, half public house, which we patronised-wo were told that "Carrotty Jiin" and his mates had cleared offlthe field, bhit that lie had beei heard to vow-wlth an oath that cannot be repeated -" that lie would have that --- Captali's life if lie had to hunt him all over tile earth, tud sweat for hlim in- -t" ' \Vell, shortly after this,oar claim "gave out," so, being sick of digging, and having, moreover, mado a very itir "pile," we struck camp and went down to Melbourne, which though nothing to what Itls now, was a very jolly plue to have u "spret" in. Indu ti lno.ti she soldiers' leave of absence expireld, and with 'mutual regrets we parted at Sandridge. I have never soeeonny of those good fellows since we then shook mands, and tlce last I heard of themi was In a letter I got from Malnwaring, aboitt a yearafter the Indian mutiny broke out, and in it lihe told mni that poor " Jemmy" had never quite got over the mauling he' re 'celved on Bendigo, and had succumbed to junglo fever at tile end of the first month of thocampahgn.' Titu most remarkable part of the letter was an account of Captain Tre. vor's death, who, it appeared had been rlin' through time hack and killed whilst leading a troop of ,Europlea Cavalry wlth wllich Ihe wgs temporarily doing duty. It twas strongly suspceted that the fatal wound had been IIt ·1-·.1.,. ' ,·: ,.~. ·. ·. i : ./ ' * . .. . ' i ·!·,.? ii Illited by one of tile Captain's own men, arnd suspicion was pointed to a recruit who was reported missing after the engagement. One or two of the troopers went so ftr as to assert that they had seen the thrust dealt; but little credence was given to their statements, as in tile worry, struggle, din and confusion of a melee, no man can trust the accuracy of Iris own senses, and consequently receives tile statements of others with large spice of doubt. Did I ever hear anytlling more about Carrotty Jim ? tIold'on a bit and you shall'hear. After my old chums went away, I felt dull. I could not meet with any mato that I could "cotton to." so, instead of going digging again, I took to speculating, bought gold, and in a word tried all sorts of games. My good luck stuck to me througll thick and thin ; and finally tired of the excitement of town life, I bought a station up Beecclworth way, and rejoiced tle heart of 'my old dad by writing to tell him that at last I was a squatter and a rich man. In 1862, I went home to see dad and all the'rest of my people in Buckinghamslhire, and then took a run over the continent. I had sold my station before I left Australia, intending not to re turn ; but before I rhad been quite two years in the Old World I-like most men whorhave lived ruch in colonies-grew sick of tlhe tin-pot conventionalities and lhumbug of Ironic society, and longed for the freedom of a land where brains, energy and hodnour make a MAIN, and not the traditions of ancestry. I'm by no means a Democrat. On the con trary, I believe that a good strain of blood puts a dlstinguising mark upon a man, as much as it does upon a horse; but, upon mly soul, the miserable social lines of demar cation are drawn so fine in England as to turn the stomach of any free man. I think that when Mrs. Buns, the baker's wife, con siders herself as holding rank over and above Mrs Chops, tile butcher's " good lady ;" and that both of themn consider it a great honour to be' asked to tea by Mrs. Pills, the "better allf " of "Olo Pills," the apothecenry-the atmosphere becomes so ob fusticating as to absolutely necesitate a change of air. Tle same sort of tomfoolery, gold lace, and tinsel, gingerbread and starva. tion, runs through every strata of society in Europe, and to me that sort of rot is simply nauseous. But I'm getting off the track, which I have followed bit by bit, merely to leandyou up to to' tie extraordinary event which your question, "Do you believe ill ghosts ? " brought back to my recollection. When I returned to Melbourne in '64, I met, at the Club, a fellow' named Wanklynn, a squatter, who had a very large cattle station on tihe Victorian side of the Murray. Wank lynn was a Iearty Englislhnan and a gentle mtan in every sense of tile term ; we became great "cronies," and before we had known each other a month, we agreed to enter into partnership. We both left town together, and when we got to Wallongdoora-the name of the station-I found niy partner had not described it to me in too glowing terms. Tihe estate comprised more square acres than you or I could count in a week, tlhe pasturage was good, plenty of water, and thIe homestead reminded one of a country gentleilan's house in Old England. Our "stock" was ia grand one, but we required few stockmen, as a great portion of the land was fenced-in. There was, hrowever, at tie distance of about a mile and a half front the IIomo Station, a large unfenced track, and upon it were two very comfortable stockruen's huts. One day, as we were strolling arround, I said to VWanklynn, " tHow carlre you, T'la, to harve roe stockmen's hluts built witlin Ihalf a mile of one another, especially as you only emnploy one stockmanao to look after tils part of the rlun ?" "Thereby hangs a tale," replied .Tom,"and 'll tell it to you after dinner." As I want to cut this yarn short, I'll relate briefly whiat \Wanklynn told me. It appeared that, in the summer of '61, a matt walked rip to the station one evening, and asked to see the " boss.'! Tile man stated lhe wanted ia stockrider's billet ; also, that he was a first rate rider, and thloroughly understood the management of horses. To clench his assertions, the man produced a certificate from a Mnelbourne horsodetalr, who certified that " John Smith had been engaged as groom in chargo of a batch of horses shipped from iMelbourne to Calcutta in 1856, andil ad given every satisfaction." On the strengtli of this the man was engaged. Shortly after the engagement of Smith, another rman, who gave his name \Villiam Oakes, arrived on the station and applied for work. This fellow also said 11e understood horses, having served in.the --t?l Hussars during tire Indlia Mutilnv. \Wanklynn having as many Iands engaged as he wanted, Informed Oakes that lie couldn't give himn work, but told him to go lip to Smith's lint and tell that wortthy that hle had leave to stop withi him for a welk, as lie wanted a rest, being foot-sore from, o oo "nOcll " wallaby track." Oakes was also provided with a week's ration of provisions. Next day notling was seen of either Oakes or Smith, and fromn that day to tills ino scrap of news htins been heard of theon, exceptling trhat nabout three weeks after tiheir disappearance, a man answering very much the description of Smith attempted to " stick rup" a mail cart Onl the Sydney track, and was shot dead by the guard. When Smith bolted ihe took his horse with hsm. NowY comes tihe mysterlous part of tie story, sairl 'rom, after giving tihe above bald out. line of ftets. A week anter the disappearance of Smith and Oakes, I engaged a new stock mnan, nnd for a time he seemed to like llis quarters very well ; but at the end of about tlhreo eetks or a itonthl, iso caleo to me cre oiorning and said, "Look here, IMaster, I vas neover treated better by ta eboss in my lifo titan by you, but I'm d--d if I'll sleep anitllcr night in thRat iut, If you'd give me ai thonsand it year." Tour thougit tire man had been drinking, and told him if ihe didn't like tile hit ire miight sleep in tihe bushl. Next doy tihe mlan weln uritiout asking for his wages ; and since then Tor never was able to get a iman who would sleep in the stockuan'sh Io t nolore tlian oonse nighit SO, after a bit, lie ltad to build thre second trt qiuestlioned hihm about: Well, Tor's yarn staggered me a bit, for hels not the sort of fellow to swallow any fool's jabber; so I asked him point blank what the men complained of touching the hut, and then he told me that tile stockmen didn't like to tell Idm, for fear-of being laughed at, but that it was belieeic by all the hands on the station that the ghost of "Jim Smith" haunted the lnhut, and that he ilad wlhen fI the flesh nmurdered Bil Oakes and made away with the body. Somni of tile men said that, the night before thie two dis appeared, they went together to a bush inn near the station, and had a long chat about India, and that suddenly-lwhen both were three parts drunk-Oakes turned upon Smith and exclaimed, " ty-l If I could see you in a bluejacket, and with that beard shaved off, I'd swear to you as the mani who rode in tile charge with ;me when Captain Trevor of the \--thl was run through the back. I know ye I you was centre of threes, and I was right of threes. It was you as done itl" Smith-as those present on tihe occasion averred-treated the accusation as a drunken joke, and" afterwards carried lhome Oakes, who was ton drunk to walk. " I wonder you haven't tried a night in the hut," said I to Tom, telling hlim at the same time thiit mysteries didn't do any good to a station in the country or a house in town. After -a lot of chaff, I declared that I'd spend that very night in the hut by myself, and at about tenl o'clock swe started off to walk to it. We took with us ai good wearm 'possuml-rug, a double-barrelled gun, well loaded with No. G -for [ was determined to give any intruder a good peppering, ghost or no ghost-a Ilani mier and nails, a lunting-knife, a volume (onle of Charles Lever's works), and a pot. bellied flask of whiskey. We soon arrived at the hut, and Totn opened the door, which was fastencd outside with a padlock and staple and inside by a bolt. With the ex ception of a fusty smell inseparable from anl apartment long untenanted, there was nothllg at all ghostly about the place ; indeed, when the candles we had brought with ull were lighted, the little room looked quite jolly. I must describe the place to you. It was the usual sort of slab hut, about twenty feet long. At oneo end was a fire place, and on the front side, fiacing cast, was a window about two feetsquare, and a little to tile right of the window was a plank door. xanctly opposite the window, at the back of the hut, was a stretchler made of shingles, nailed into short uprights, sunk into the earthen floor. There were some sacks and blankets placed on the top of a thick layer of straw. I forgot to mention that I took a companion to keep me company during thie lliht ill te sllape of "lltoderick," a splendld Scotcli deelrhouid I had brought from home. I soon fixed up a comfortable sleeping place, by spreading my ample rug over the blankets on the stretcher. I then nalled up the window so that it could not be opened-it mnoved on hinges-fixed one of the chairs in the fire-place, so that no one could comlie down tile chimnlncey without displacing it and causing noise enough to awaken lse, placed ;sy gull oU one side of my rug, ready to land, and my preparations were mlade. Tom and: I wished each other "*good night andi pleasant dreams," over a nip of whlliskey; then lie went home, and, upon lily word, I think he was very glad to get away. . "Did I feel nervous ?" Not a bit I I was a materialist in those days, and believed in nothing more spiritual than whsikey. I certainly entertained a sort of idea that I might make some discovery duriing tile night ; but tilhe idea was founded upon a suspicion that tlhere might be certain persons oni the station, or iIn the neigllbour hood, who might have sonme secret reason for giving the hut a badl niame. WVell, I read IHarry Lorrequer and sipped nips of whiskey -It was very cold-until I felt quite sleepy. Old IRoderick was snoring, like a grampus at the side of my stretcller, so I thought I'd turl in too. Tile moon was shliing brightly thllrough tile window when I bolted the door and put out the candle, anld after wrapping thle oposuln-rug around Iln, I at once went oflto sleep, oblivious of ghosts as I was of fleas-of which latter there was ia large assortment jumping about. IIow long I slept I can't tell; but suddenly I was awak. ened by ia feeling of salufocation, and the first tlinig I saw, on opening miy eyes, was a mall dressed in a red shirt, who, standing over me witl both lis lhands clutching my throat, kept hissing through lls set teeth, " I'll make yo keep my secret I 'll ,nake ye keep my secret I" I rocognlzed the nla it tilhe first glance. Ite was Trevor's Bendigo antago onist, L'Ilonrme Rougel-Carrotty Jim II I was in full possession of lily sesees in It moment, and I distinctly remember wonder ing how it came to pass that Roderick should, instead of coming to the rescue, stand howl like a cur. Quick as thought I dashed my fist into the inlan's face, catching hinl right between the two eyes, but my fist secined to feel nothing, ani thie clutch upoln mly throat had no w eight--it sickened me, but did not choke. Theln for the first tilme 'tom's yarn flashed across my brain, and at tllhat momlent Carrott' Jim let go his grip, and dashed throughl the door, whieh was wide open. I clutched lily gun and rushedl after mny ann, just in tlneo to see himn jump oil a horse and make off.' "Stand I you scoundrel, or I'll fire," [ shouted, and immediately let drivoe at him with both barrels. \Vith the smokeo of lily guan, man anId horse faded trOli my view. It was no dream. What "I had seen was not mortal. The land round tile hut was fiat as a race-course, ans there wins not is tree or cllupll of busslh wtll ln half at ile. But the most marvellous proof of what I bad seen being no fiction of tile brain remains to be told. When I recovered froil the shock the occurrence had given aime, I returned to thie hut.: Judge what nly Ielings were when I found the door was i,,ttrd 'inside, just as it had been when I went to bed I Next Inorn Ing, when To'm calme to look for me, we went Into thil hut. by breaking throughl the windon; :aid ins[de found thb'doer bulletd, TIrn NAILS IN TIla WINDlOi: ASlt, 'A&ND; TIIe CHIAIR STILL. FIXED 'IN THI? COllt.Nilry. Tool set fire to tile blut next day, and we have never since mentioned thie lorribleoflitr. 5 - I~. -. How do I aco.lnat for it ? \Vhat do I think ? I don't try to think. There is an old super stition, which f ivorsone in tho belief thatemur derers who die unrepentant and unconfessed aredoomedin thespirit to re-ennettheircrimea until the Day of Judgment, and I am As crt TAsN As I soIr that Trevor and Oakes were treacherously murdered by " Carrotty Jim," and that I encountered the unquiet spirit of the murderer. Now you have had my answer to the question : "Do YOU DELIIVR In GuIosTS ?" 