THEATRE ROY VL. MB. G. D. CHAPLIN AS HA.MLEP. oaiurcay nignt peg an a new season at tni Theatre, -*h.tn tne lately-arrived at v, Mr. Q. D. Chaplin, made his first appearance ia South Australia in the character of tne Danish Prince. uEually the case in Adelaide when Shakspearian ; drama is presented, but the boxes were but poorly patronised. , In these days of blatant self-assertion, and undeserved and it ht to be feared in many instances purchased newspsper puffs, one is quite unable to form any real idea of the quality of an actor or actress until their performance has been actually witnessed. Mr. Chaplin has come amongst us quietly and un ostentatitu&ly; enough, nor have we been able to gaihw anything of his antecedents than tbat the Sydney papers tpoke of him as a credit able and conscientious actor, who had capably supported Mis. Scott Siddons during her recent engagement in tnat city. This opinion we are Sble to endorse, but whether he U anything mere his portrayal of other rfi'.es will have to prove. - It is rather unfortunate that Mr. Chaplin should have chosen to make his debut in the part of ' Ham'er, tbe Dane,' than which it would be impossible to pick a more difficult one, or one in which on account of it) popularity and familarity an actor would be likely to be more closely criticised. It is true that inferior perloimeis have often mado a comparative Eucce&s; in the part, owing to tbe fact that from its inherent excellence Hamlet in stage parlance to a great extent acts itssif. Yet few will be disposed to question that tveu for tho hi^h-class artist the character U full of the graveit intrica cies. To btgin with, comes the Erst question as to the true condition of the intellect of the un fortunate hero. There are the three stand points eo often and so unsatisfactorily discussed from which to view this complex conception of the dramatist :— First, that Hamlot was no more nor !es3 than a highly-educated lunatic Second, that ho was only mad north-north- west. In other words, that having a sanguineous nervous organization, with a highly strung poetio tomperament, he would be predisposed to and was really afflicted with dementia or intermittent madness. This to our mind is the moat con sistent idea, although by no means the most generally popular. Third, that Hamlet's mad ness was entirely assumed, and that he was truly a perfectly sane man; which U the view usually adopted for the purpose of dramatic representation, because it throws fewer difficulties in the path of the performer. But in order to present Hamlet in this light, and yet preserve in him some semblance of a hero or even of a true man and a gentleman, consider* able portions of tbe text have to be entirely sacrificed. Mr. Chaplin adopts the popular view, but although his impersonation is a painstaking and intelligent one, it is far from realising our ideal of Shakespeare's sublime conception. In the first place, though that is no fault of his, Mr. Chaplin cannot look the part, he being a man in build and general appearance- not unlike Signor Rosnati, so that when he &peaks; the words ' Oh, that this too, too solid nesh would melt,' or ' but no more like my father than I to Hercules,' the incongruity is somewhat marked. In Mr, Chaplin's imper sonation were many passages which were excellently rendered. These were for tho most part lines where no great depth of feeling, either passionate or pathetio, was to bo conveyed. For the former his voice ia unsuited, for it is rather husky, and he has the habit when speaking forcibly of gasping between bis words in a manner which is very unpleasant to bear. For portions requiring pathos, his nature does not seem to be sufficiently emo tional nor his tones sympathetic enough to bring out the full feeling of the part. Mr. Chaplin has adapted some new and in instances by no means improved readings of certain passages, and at times exhibits a vory extraordinary style of punctuation. Nor ia he by any means perfect in the text. The best mode, however, to convey an iaea of his impersonation will be to follow him through the piece. In the second scene, where Hamlet firet appears, the star way received with an encou raging round of applause, but it was some time before he warmed to his work. The first in stance in which we noticed a departure from the ordinary reading was in tiio lines beginning — ' Seen?«, madam ; nay, it is : I know not seems. 'Tib not alone this inky oloak, good mother, ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ That can denote me truly— these, indeed, seem,' &c; Mr. Chaplin's rendering of the last two lines was — 'That can denote me. Truly, these indeed seem,' which to our mind is not nearly bo good as the old reading. Shortly afterwards oome the words — ' It is not nor it cannot come to good.' This would be the correct emphasis, but which was given— ' It is not nor it cannot come to good.' In the ecenes with Horatio and Marcellus a decided improvement was manifested, and the interview with ihe Ghost, if not all that might be desired, was yet fairly impressive. Here, however, was a noticeable tran&pasition; in the text. Instead of crying — ' Hi hillo, boy— come, bird, come,' Hamlet called to Horatio — ' Hi hDlo, bird—come, boy, oome.' In Act IL, ecene 2, the lines — 'And yet to me what is this quintessence of dust ? Man delights not me,' were spoken thus— 'And yet to me what is this (a long pause) quintessence of dust ?' But worse still : the famous phrase, on which there has been ho much comment, but which we thought had been settled for ever—' I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind a southerly I know a hawk from a hernshaw,' was actually delivered — 'I know a hawk from a hern— Pshaw !' throwing from him the two spies. SoveUy with a vengeance. It would have been infinitely more preferable had he used the word which was employed for some time— 'hand- saw ;' but seeing that a her..skaw and a heron, the ordinary quarry at which the hawk was flown, are one and the same, there does not seem much difficulty about the lines. The passages re the bestowal of the players were spoken with an amount of quiet dignity that was very appropriate; and the monologue, 'Oh what a rogue and peasant slave am I,' wa3 also effectively rendered. 'To be or not to be,' though it lacked some what in feeling, was not badly given. Mr. Chaplin neither sits nor stands during the whole time, but sink3 into a chair on the oppo site side at the words, 'To die, to sleep,' rising and moving about after saying, 'Thus con science does make cowards of u-* all' InhisEceno with Ophelia, assuming the idea that Hamlet is really sane, Mr. Chaplin was rather too rough and boisterous; and here again he waa sadly cut in the text, his version being in one place, ' You make to yourself one face, and God has given you another.' The speech to the players was well delivered, with good emphasis and effect. In the play eceno too, he was for the most part effective, but finished up with the glaring misquotation — 'For some must sleep while some must watch. So runs the world away.' In the closet scene were several extremely good points, among which was the change ot tone from that of strong pasdon to deep awe on the entrance of the ghost, which by the way actually appears— ia our opinion, an error, as it is supposed to ba seen by Hamlet alone. But in this scene too there were errors. Take for instance the words 'Mother, you have my father much offended,' which waa given ' Mother, you have my father much offended.' The accent decidedly should be on ' you,' and only in a secondary degree on ' my father.' Mr. Chaplin uses the two miniatures, and although for thfa there ia high authority we must confess to preferring the large portraits on the wall. More feeling was, however, manfested throughout the interview with the Queen than in almost any other part. In Act III., scene 3, the words ' Farewell, de^r mother,' instead of being addressed to the King as they should have b9en, were spoken whilst Hamlet's back was turned towards His Majesty, making the context discenneoteri. In Act IV. Mr. Chaplin was at his best. Hb was effective in the grave scene, and especially so in the Ikes, 'I loved Ophelia,' &c;, into which great earnestness was thrown. Wedonotthmk, however, that the words, 'To what base uses may we return, Horatio !' were improved by the new punctuation, ' Jo what base njej may we re turn. Horatio, wbjnnjnot,'&c; To be consistent Mr. Lhsplin should have rendered a preceding line thut— ' I knew him. Horatio, a fellow of infinite jest,' which would be manifestly erroneous It is open to some dogree of doubt which is correct— 'The ;o it' will mew, the dog will have - his day,' or, ' Tae cat will tnnr. Tbe dog will have hi* bay ' Mr. Chaplin takes the former, and we do not blame him ; but at the same time strongly hold that the latter reading U the more probable. The final ecere, in spite of seme departures from the text, wjs en the whole well rendered, and at the end of the play, as indeed at the termination of each act, Mr. Chaplin was recalled and groeted with hearty tokens of approval. I The remaining dramatis persona we'e, take them altogether, efficiently portrayed. We have certainly teen Miss Stephenson to better advan tage than as the gentle Ophelia. In tie earlier acts she did well enough, but in the mad scene was much too self-conscious and melodramatic Nor did bhe succeed in looking like a mad girl. Mr. Towers -would have done well as the First Gravedigger, but that he fell into a fault to which ho is too prone— that is of not learning his part and consequently 'gagging' un bluthmgly. Whilst this may be allowable in ordinary low comedy it is not to be tolerated in Shakepearian drama. Miss Grey mado a most creditable appearance as tho Queen. Consider ing tbe palpable disadvantages under which she laboured tbe succeeded admirably. Mr. Hasker as Prlonius, Mr. Rainford as the Ghost, Mr. Brown as Horatio, and Mr. Boothman as Laertes, all fairly portrayed the part for which they were cast, and the miaor rflles were also rapectably filled. ' Hamlet' will be repeated this evening, and on Tuesday the new star appears in ' Othello.' 