CORONERS' INQUEST. FATAL ACCIDENT. Ail inquest was held at the Hospital on Thursday morning, December 7, by the City Coroner(Mr. Thos. Ward, J.P.),iato the circum stances attending the death of 'Mr. Patrick John Byan, clerk in H.M. Customs, who died the previous day at the Hospital from the effects of an accident which occurred in Ourrie-street on Tuesday morning, December 5. _ Mr. George Hunt was chosen foremaH of the jury. Joseph Hampton, police-constable, said—On Tuesday morning, December 5, at half-past 9 o'clock* I was on duty in Currie-Btreet, opposite .the Crown. Inn. .1 saw the-deceased driving leisurely along, in a gig eastward. He struck' the horsb once with a whip, and it then bolted; JHe. did not seem to have auy com mand over , the; horse .from .• the time he struck it. with the .whip. When opposite Mr. Tidemann's auction mart he. palled the off: rein, which had the effect of making the horse \- and-vehicle go hear 'the kerbstone and up ; against a trap belonging to Mr, Birrell, which •-.was standing there. The off wheel then struck the kerbstone and the trap capsized. Saw de ceased fall out on the road. - I-ran to the place and saw deceased carried intp Mr. Tidemann's -mart. I then got a. cab and conveyed him to the hospital. Dr. Way was in attendance and hound up deceased's arm.. By a juror—Did not -observe the horse shying before he was touched . with the whip. James Fox, contractor, living in Adelaide, '. said on Tuesday last I was coming up Currie | street on horseback, and I saw a two-wheeled vehicle coming along the street at a rapid pace. Thought the horse had bolted. Saw some: of : the harness hanging down. A man was in the trap holding hard all the time. Just before he reached Mr. Tidemann's place I sang out to Mr. Birrell to look out, as I was not sure whether the deceased's horse would run into me or into Mr. Birrell's trap. The horse then run into Mr. Birrell's trap, and the gig struck against Mr. Tidemann's verandah post and cap sized the driver into the gutter. Jumped off ■ my horse, and called on others to assist. Sent a boy on my horse for a doctor. Drs. Way and Clendenning then came and saw deceased, : who was conscious. He refused, to take some brandy, which was offered him. By the Fore man—Ihe trap was not capsized, ana the horse went down as far as King William-street, where ; it was ultimately caught. I saw afterwards ' that the brcachen strap was broken. Joseph Henry Eawlings, M.D., acting junior surgeon, Adelaide Hospital, stated—On Tues day morning,*a little after 10 o'clock, I received I the deceased "into the hospital. He was then quite conscious. I found that he had sustained a compound fracture of his left elbow-joint. He. : also had several ribs broken on the left side, and had received a scalp wound, and was much bruised about the body. Had him put to bed and at once attended to. He got on pretty well until Wednesday morn ing about 6 o'clock, when I was called to see him. Found him very much worse, and symp toms then appeared (which led me to suppose that he had sustained some injury to the stomach. He vomited violently. I treated him for-it. A little after 10 o'clock he was . seen by Dr. Thomas, the senior house-surgeon. He gradually sank, and died a little before 12 o'clock the same morning. I believe the cause of death was the injury to the stomach and the "fracture of the ribs—the shock from the acci dent causing death. He was conscious almost npto the timeof his death. The brain was not injured, as he was perfectly clear and col lected in his mind. I should say he was about 40 years of. age. Dr. Thomas and myself agree as to the immediate cause of death. George Birrell, bailiff, living at Norwood, said—I remember last Tuesday morning,. De cember 5. . I drove up to Mr. Tidemann's pre mises about 9.30 a.m. alongside the watertable. My son and myself were in the trap. I had not time to get out,when Mr. Fox called to me " look out." 1 looked round and saw a horse and trap coming down the road at a furious rate past the John Bull. Told my son to turn -the horse's head round, and get in the middle of the road. While ho was doing so the trap driven by deceased came in contact with the off hind wheel of my trap. Deceased's trap then ^went against Mr. • Tidemann's verandah posts, and deceased was thrown with great force into the gutter. The horse then bolted down the street, leaving some of the harness and the trap behind. One of the wheels of the vehicle went over the body of de ceased. By the Foreman—Deceased had no con trol over the horse/ One wheel of the trap was on the kerbstone. Charles Edward Tidemann, auctioneer, of Adelaide, said—On Tuesday, December 5, about quarter past 9,1 heard a tremendous crash at my verandah, and I rushed out aud saw de ceased lying bleeding in the gutter. He was bleeding from the bead. 1 went to him, and with iassistance took him into my store. He was conscious. Saw nothing of the accident. The Jury, after a few minutes' consultation, returned a verdict of accidental death. The eleventh half-yearly meeting of the Queen Building and Investment Society was held at the office, King William-street, on Tuesday evening, December 5. Mr. Wm. John son took the chair. The retiring directors, Messrs. J. McKirdy and W. Johnson, were re elected, and Messrs. G. H. Ayliffe and Thos. Gill were appointed auditors for the ensuing year. The balance-sheet, which was adopted as printed, showed that £5,946' 8s. had been in vested during the half-year, that £47 had been added to the reserve fund, and that the balance of the profit for the half-year had been allotted at the -rate of 6s. per £100 share (six months old), being about 12 per cent. There was a good attendance of shareholders, and general satisfaction was expressed at the continued prosperity of the society. - The Theatre was fairly filled in all parts on Wednesday, when the .previous night's pro gramme was presented^ The songs'of Mr. and Mrs, Empson were encored, and Mrs. Silvester sweetly rendered, "Tell me my heart." .The enchanted lady, the panorama of the voyage of the Serapif, and . the light and dark s&races; of the Silvester Brothers were heartily applauded. Messrs. Wall and W. B. Evens were chosen a committee by the audience to examine the cabinet, and they confessed themselves utterly mystified. The ghost drametta ran smoothly, and caused much wonderment. The entertain ment concluded as usual with the beautiful prismatic fairy fountain. 