TOPICS OF THE DAY In Thursday's issne of this journal, we mentioned that an officer in ono of the Gov ernment departments had been persistently refused leave of absence, while dangerously ill, but that permission' to absent himself was received on the day of his burial. The name of the officer referred to is, we under stand, Mr Powell, son of the well-known brewer of Geelong. The matter will be brought before tho Assembly during the week, wheu it is to bo hoped a searching inquiry will be mado into the circumstances. The deceased was employed in the Registrar- General's Department, The tempestuous and rainy weather that has prevailed to- day has caused the post ponement of a number of sports which had been set down in tbe programme, although the sun struggled a little with the clouds. Abbot twelve o'cloek the ground bad become so saturated witb wet that all the football and cricket matches had to be postponed. The Oarlton Football OIubB' sports, which wero looked forward to with great interest, have bad to bo postponed until next Saturday, The Keneingston Races hod also to shara the fate of the other sports. The moonlight concert in aid of the rifle team, has been held over until Wednesday next, when such a programme is to be presented as will insure a good attendance. "The gentlemen interested in the Brough Smyth inquiry intend to devote this after noon to work. At the time of the closing of the office to-day, Mr Smyth with Mr Afckinv, his counsel, presented themselves with a view to making further examinations of the papers in Mr Smyth's room. Mr Thomas, the secretary to the Board was also in attendance, and Mr Stewart, the solicitor to the petitioners had also mado up his mind to set himself, with the assistance of two of the petitioners, to the work of examining the heap of torn documents which Mr Smyth coolly told tho Board consisted of of "a few fragments." This will be a long and tedious job, as tbe heap is a largo one, and it is intended to try and put the docu ments together, with a view of arriving at a conclusion as to the nature of the docu ments torn by Mr Smyth. A street nccident occurred at the inter section of Elizabeth and Swanston streets, to-day. A- horse drawing a cart, heavily laden with mats of sugar, slipped and fell to the ground. The weight of the load coming suddenly on the shafts snapped ono of them, and the horse was placed in a dangerous position, with the shaft on top of him. With great difficulty he was relieved, a quantity of the load having, in the firBt place, to bs thrown off on to tbe mnddy street. The horse was severely cut about the knees by bis fall, and his flank was also hurt by tho broken shaft. In the Emerald Hill Court, to-day, four sand carters were fined. £2 each, with £1 6s costs, for taking sand from unauthorised plnccs on tho streets, tho prosecution being by bailiff Maokay. That Maori was a shrewd fellow who, writing to the" Waka Maori" objecting to notices of deaths being published in that paper, says : — 11 Wo hear nothing of these people during their life-time, but, when they die, wo aro informed that they were gener ous and hospitable, and possessed a multitude of other virtues. My friends, this is a great ahsurdity — why nro net the names of these people published during their life-timo, that ethers might visit them and make trial of their generosity and hospitality ?" The habit of " gushing" over the departed, even when their characters aro raorely of a nega tive description, is n very ridiculous one, to any the loast of it, and reminds mo of the sage remark of a ghost, who, whilst on his midnight rounds, chanced to see tho monu ment which his loving relatives hod erected to his memory, and having quite satisfied himself that ho was the individual alluded to aa having possessed every conceivable virtue, " grinned horribly a ghastly smile" as ho turned nwny with tho exclamation, " What liars these tombstones nre I" We aro threatened with another colossal mining came cclebre (says tho Melboarno correspondent ' of tho Ballarnt Star). I understand that tho next term tho long- expected suit of the Hand and Band Com- pnny against the National Bank, will bo sot down for hearing, aud that Mr Malcolm Morison, the Into mauager.of the bank, will be brought ovor. from New Konland to give evidence. ' The suit is one to recover posses- 'sign of the property, on the ground that the sale made of it under ;the f,provlion((fof tho mortgage doed was a colorablo-'oiiawithout bona fides, and it is expected thatltj wiU be second only to Bearmontfi v. Bailoy. in giving fees to the1 1 learned, profession and , many colnmns of dry reading to your subscribers. In tho Juries of Twelve Oourt to-day the trial of the issues from equity in the suit of Learmouth v. Bailoy was advanced another stago. Mr. G. P. Smith concluded his reply on behalf of the plaintiff. The court then -role, and on Monday... morning, the. CMef. Justice will chargo the jury. We nre requested to stato that the name and address of Mr Emerson, solicitor, was used in the case of Edward A. Fry, without this (Mr Emcrsoa'd) knowledge and- consent. I A man names James Nougker made a :most determined attempt to commit sncido 'yesterday morning (sayB tho Geelong Advertiser). He is a laboring man 'and of very intemperate habits. During tho last week he had been drinking very heavily, and on getting up yesterday morning at about sovon o'clock he asked his wife, who keeps a little store opposite St. Mary's Church, for sixpence to .enable him to get a drink. She refused, and ho at once went into the kitchen and put his throat with a razor, Ho then rushed out into the street and endeavored to make the wound larger by tearing it with his fingers. He then ran across tho street into Bt, Mary's Church, the blood pouring from the wound and dying the ground as ho went along. On emerging from the - church door Sergeant Toohey, who had been sent for, managed to secure bim, aud with the assist ance of two others, tied a scarf round his neck, put him in a van, and hurried him off to the Hospital. On arriving at tbe institu tion Dr. Scott found that although- Nougher had inflicted a nasty gosh he had only just touched the windpipe.- He was suffering from delirium tremilty, and last night tho effects of his drinking bout had not left him. The Wesleyan Chronicle in a paragraph copied into this morning's Age says:— The Hobart Town Advertiser contrasts tho promptness of the stewards of the Mel bourne race-course, in expelling a bookmaker and horse-trainer, who engaged in a drunken figttt before the grand- stand, with tho for-, bonrnnce of the Assembly in dealing with offenders relatively as flagrant. It is, to sny tho least of it. very peculiar that The Herald dealt with the subject in .a precisely .similar manner n day or two after the deci- sion of the V.R.C. committee was mado .known. How news does travel. The frequenters of places of amusement in, Melbourne havo long had reason to com- 'plain of the playbills, or entr'actes, circulated in tho different thoatres. The want of pre sentable entr'actes, well printed, and con- taining good information, has long been felt. Thib lias now been supplied by the Monster American Advertising Company, who havo issued ,a large doublo sheet, entitled the iNew Idea, which is a vastimprovement on its predecessors. It is printed in blue and pet fumed. The' matter is exocllent, just what is roquirod in an cntracte, and from the advertisements we fancy the proprietors have already secured a largo amount of patronage, The matter of the first number is most .varied and is on a modified American prin ciple, the headings being peculiar, as"Grins," " Bricabac," " Frowns," " Smiles," " For the ladies" "coiffnr," ice. Tbe projectors say : — " Tbe object of this journal is to provide a new style of giving publicity to business by what is called American Paragraph Adver tising,, which creates a desire to read adver tisements not always entertained with respect to the usually dry and uninteresting matter of which the advertisements in our daily papers are generally composed. Tho farther object of printing the paper in tho manner in which it is produced, and perfuming it, is that, unlike other advertising mediums, it may find its way into the parlor and drawing- room." The Colleen Bawn will be performed at tho Opera House this evening. Mr Emmet will make his rc-appearance on Monday evening. The last week of tbe United States Min strels is announced. There is to be an entire change of performance this evening, when M. de , Oroix will appear for tho last time. Monday evening will be a vice-rcgal com mand night, His Exceileucy the Governor favoring tbe Minstrels with bis patronage. Last night was cold, bleak, and breezy, but still a splendid house assempled at tbe Theatre Royal to witness those two sterling dramas, Our Boys, aud David Garrick. A rich treat was indeed provided. The per formances passed off with eclat. It seems as if Oar Boya were destined to hold tho Btage. David Garriok will be the first piaco each night. 