f O W N g D I T I O N ^ "MELBOURNE CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. THIS highly-esteemed Catholic association held its usual weekly meetiDg in St. Patrick's Hall on last Wednesday evening. The attendance was very satisfactory ; Mr. Joseph Rvan occupied tbe chair. Three new members were admi'ted. and four were nominated for election. Mr. G. Cullen moved—"That tbe hour of closing for tlie social evening be twelve o'clock, instead of eleven;" but the motion lapsed, as it was not in order. It will however, be discussed at tbe next general meeting. The sides were then drawn for tbe debate which is to take place on tbe 26th July—"'Whether tbe policy pursued by tbe German Empire towards tbe Catholic Church is justifiable"—with the following result:— Affirmative, MeBBrs. G. Doyle (opener), T. Fields, J. Ryan, Sexton, Flynn, and P. Fogarty; negative, Messrs. T. Walton, Meckay, K^ys, Moloney, M'Glynn, _ and Power. The debate is expected to be highly interesting. It was resolved, on tbe motion of Messrs. Walton and Sexton—" That a sum of money be expended in painting St. Francis 1 Judge, and fitting it np for tbe purposes of a reading- room ;" and tbe secretary Stated that it would be ready for use by Sunday next, and will be open to members on every evening of tbe wmk. An excellent programme of scenes, recitations, and songs waB then gone through. The numbers deserving of special commendation were—the " graveyard - ' scene, from " Hamlet," performed by Messrs. Duggan, Dawbarn, Prendergast, and Clark; the qnarrel scene from the piny of " Donglas," by Messrs. R. Burke, J. M'Gowan, and -Barrow ; the ghost scene from " Hamlet," by Messrs. Doyle and Moloney; a comic recitation, by Mr. Edwards ; and a recitation, " How tbe favourite •was beaten," by Mr. Reilly; alBO, a song, " Good-bye, sweetheart, good-bye," by Mr. Fogarty. Several of tbe young gentlemen named are pupils of Mr. G. Lupton, and their proficiency is creditable to him. Tbe social evening will take place on next Wednesday. 