i A; WHITE ELEPHANT. .The last number of the Melbourne Punch , contaiDB an exceedingly clever cartoon . anent the Stevenson case. It represents r a.liuge white elephant with the name . " The Stevenson Case" on its frontlet. At its feet lie a number of rolls, labelled, costs, damages, honor, influence, Ac., and the animal is quietly swallowing r these with surprising avidity. In the ' foreground stands Sir James McCulloch wringing his hands and pulling his boarJ, as he exclaims in tones of bitterest an guish, " Eh-h, but this is just an awfu . state o' things ; the great gobbling boastie ; 'ill eat us out o' house and siller."' The picture is capitaly designed, well-drawn, and points a moral as well as adorns a tale. The now celebratod prosecution of . the Stevenson's is indeed a veritable white;: elephant, and it will bo hard for the Government to determine what to do with it, and how to extricole themselves from the difficulties into which the ridi culous action of the Commissioner of Customs and the Postmaster-General has brought them. No weaker series of actions were ever perpetrated ; and whilst we would not for one moment assume that in the first instance 'they had not some cause for the action taken ; at i f : the same time it is patent that the affair /v. has been bungledjithrougbout, aud that r - not only the ministers alluded to, but ffj also the law officers of the Crown and Her Majesty's legal advisers bave shown .. themselves incapable of the work which devolves upon them. At tho outset, the enquiry -was initiated through a sworn information lodged by a common in former — a discharged servant who had been directly charged with dishonesty, and who, in his pious conscientiousness, .. could not endure the burdon of the secret which weighed upon his inmost soul. Oh his sworn ipse dixit, proceedings were commenced and the public by'tbis lime are fully acquainted with the .whole of the leading facts ; how the Customs authorities, with the assistance of Tro- ' well, took possession of' Stevenson's j.t ..warehouse; how they were locked out, i.1. and attempted a forcible entry.; how tho letters of tho firm were arbitrarily detained by the postal authorities; how Ihey were given up with childish threats of what tho Hon. R. S. Anderson intended to do in the" way of reprisal ; how the goods- belonging to the defend an Is were examined and they put to serious loss, both of time : and money, and how at every point tho Government have boon baffled, humiliated and defeated. All these aro facts too well known to need recapitulation at ' "length. There have now been three prosecutions tried and decided in our aw courts — two in tho police" court and one before His Honor Mr Justico Fel lows and a jury, and the result in each case has been tho dismissal of the charge. A voluminous mass of evidence was brought forward before Mr Call, dfiil '.P.M., and his interested colleagues, to jt.-r; prove that Stevensons had Bystem- "J" matically evaded the payment of customs tS A duties by falsifying their invoices, but although we deplore tho personal preju dice imported by some of tho magistrates : whofoccnpied seats on the bench, at the same time, nothing was proved, and ex- \- 'perts differed greatly on material points. .-< In, the Supreme Court tho victory was still more decisive, as after hearing thG charges against Mr Geo. Stevenson and a number of his employees for resisting the Custom Houso officers in the dis charge of their duties, the jury, without hesitation, returned n verdict of not guilty. So tho matter rests at present, and it would be bettor far, if it woro al- 0.i. ' lowod to romain in statu quo. No matter \- .whether a fraud has been perpetrated or not, it is 7ery evident the Crown aro not in a position to provo it, thanks to the bungling manner in which tho whole affair has been conducted from the very ""first. Undoubtedly, if tho Government had juBt reason to believo that frauds had been perpetrated, they woro por- r, - ' . , feotly justified in making the strictest \- ' ''enquiry into tho whole matter, but the extraordinary courso they have adopted throughout tho wliolo proceedings, Bhows a weakness, and a want of sys tem .which'. is lamentable. Wo do not wish to say that Stevensons are wholly nnocout of the chargos brought against thorn, but decidedly tboy havo not boen , ; fairly, treatod, and tho system of espionage — to; which- of- lato they havo boon sub- ectod does not redound to tho credit of 07/41 thoso who havo had tho management 0-.t. of the caso. If what Trowell affirmed be truo, it should have boon discovered long ere this, but if ou tho other hand, it has only foundation in his disappointed malice, then the Government have laid themselves open to a costly action for damages, and it is well nigh certain that the persecuted defendants will take ad vantage of the handle given into their hands to mako tbo Crown pay for the un doubted losses they have sustained. Whether or no, after their triple defeat, the Government will go on any further is hard to say, ulthongh it is rumoured they have a number of other caS6S against tbo firm, but unless these be based upon better foundations, and are mord capable of proof lhan those already brought forward, Ihey had better far bo left atone, as further actions only mean a piliDg up of costs, which already must amount to a considerable sum. It is questionable if ever such a complete liasco was perpetrated by any Govern ment, and no doubt as soon as Parlia ment meets it will be held as a trump card by the Opposition, who will leave po (tone unturned to effect the overthrow of' the Ministry, and to whom tho Ste venson case is a bonne louche indeed. The question arises, what are Sir Jamas MoCulloch and his colleagues to da with their terrible white elephant, and how are tbey to get 7id' of bim. He has already cost a large amount of money, and the " gobbling beastie" is- not ensily kept. Two courses are open to- them — either to abandon the prosecutions- altogether, in which case of course they' must confess their inability to hold the ground tbey have occupied, and admit their defeat; or else they triust go on with-, further cases, and aland the chance of further defeat. The latter alternative' involves great expense, aud necessitates tho get ting up of the cases io a more satis factory manner than those that have already been disposed of. The evidence in these has been the reverse of satis factory, and as the whole onus prob'andi lies with the Crown, who have also con stantly to meet and combat technical objections and "abstruse law points, it is absolutely necessary for them to have a clearly defined case which will stend these severe tests. True, tbo question is a serious ono, as affecting the whole of the commercial relationships of the colony ; and if it bo true that ono of our. leading mercantile firms has as stated), for years past been systematically de frauding the revenue, it speaks ill for' our morality, and ill also for tho vigilaDoe of the Customs- officials. No caso has yet been proven,, however, and it is to be hoped, that this troublesome ghost will soon be satisfactorily got rid of, 