i j^p^S Rii^soiC rl * fir ?. Wi Boeorsok. TJSsewded at^te to Mre. Bay* house. My cw*tionw*s notched thai, aa&ia.; tfajkt fairraramer Bigbt, vith the moo* that had risen tftfninK on it Iwa wood of My work. Iwsl^cWngalittleto BorveyaatadiffaeatwigK^lienlbickwi against -brother Joseph comSngdowotbe lane. ?\n^ Joseph !-tos you beeajtoBUeiteP1 ?Hot to-nigut i h»T« bees walking to the head of the Vale, and h«e j«st given Mrs. Kay a caU.» ' 1 thought it was but «wmrcocpoUtene63, as sine o»ly arrived here this afternoon.' ?OoyoukwwMra.BayP . 'Ellen introduced me last week. A coaming -gossiping lady, ?with a Sow of humour that cheers me up at times.' ?Too surprise me V ? I doat see anything to oe sapiised at, saw he a littte -warmly. 'What do jou mean?' * lour favourable opinion of Mrs. B. eomewaM surprises me,' I sad, laughing; ' she dont hit every body's fancy exactly. Good sight, Joseph.' -Ob, good night,' he said tetcbily. Proceeding up the gaden, I felt compelled to laujh again, at the oddity of brother Joseph's manner; at the unreasonableness of a suspicion more odd still that seized me then. It had its humourous aide, but it had its stern side also, and that sobered me. But after all, it was onlyaeus picion, and need not disturb me yet, even if I had considered it my buduess to be ever troubled with it at all. The house was very dsrkaad dull. From all the winfcWs boating the carriage road there shone not one glimmer o£ light— -toofinp towards it a few minutes since from the Ferry Inn, had but shown me &s; lustreless a eide turned towards the sleeping ?water. To my summons a man-servant appeared. ?Mrs. Hay was within; was my name Gear; . would I please to follow him ?' To my surprifle we went downstairs to the ground floor— to a large room set e little apart from the household effiees. This I had intended for a house keeper's room, but Mrs. Kay evidently had a dif |er*nf opinion of its appropriateness. ? Mr. Gear,' the servant announced. There was a fire burnice in the grate that even ing, despite the mild eammer air without; there were two figures before it that might, who, but f o tae difference in their dress, have been the figures I had left, six months ago, in their old position before Hie kitchen ore in the Ferry Inn. Nothing was changed but the light silk dres6 of the mother, toe dark silk dress of the daughter. One chair was planted in full front of the fire, and Mrs. Bay sat there, with her two hands outspread in the usual fashion ; on alow seat at the side, clutching her chin after the old habit, eat Letty Bay, staring as thoughtfully at the red coals as though the future wore still as hard to guess therein as when fortune hsd not deigned to smile upon her. More, it was the old face, grave and .Btern, with its inten sity of thought; cold and hard with its repellent handsomeness. Mrs. Ray's head moved without her body, in that peculiar manner which practice had tendered most convenient to her. ' Glad to s«e you, Mr. Giear,' she said ; then aOded. 'L9tty, here's Hi. Gear, the artichect; wnare'' all the manners you've been learnt lately ?' ? I am glad to see him,' said Letty, rising at tbie TspvauE ; ' I hope you are weJl and happy, sir.' ' Bath,' Miss Bay. ' That's proper; that's nice,' croaked the old lady, ' Miss Bay's the proper word now !' ' fhave not grown so proud, but that 1 woulo prefer to be called Lstty by an old friend, sir ;' she fcaid ; I hate to be Miss Ray'd about.' ? You hate everything that I knows on,' grumbled themether, ' or that I cares for ! Upon my word sir,* dropping her voice to a feeble whine, 'she hasn't improved a bit.' ' lour wife is well and happy, too, Mr. Gear ? asked Letty. ? Thank you ; I am glad to say that she is welJ and happy now.' 'She deserves it, she is a good woman,' mur mured Letty, 'and good women are scarce ir Uettlewood. ? Indeed,' I answered. The remark was a strange one, and elicited s ? strange ton in my reply, which she noticed. ' At least I think so, she edded, but I'm a pool innkeeper's daughter, and am not supposed to nave much power) of perception. In all my life, to my thinking, I have known but one good woman here.' ' Ah, you've knowed a mighty lot, you have ! commented the mother -,' ' if you'd only know a little better all that I keep paying such a blessed fcigut of money for, it'd be more satisfactory, 2iik« a sent, Mr. Gear ; have you done the plans r': ' Done them, Mrs. iwy.' I scarcely know what derations you intend lo make yet.' ' Oidu't I say I wanted a big drawing-room, and a Jarge libery, and a new room ov*r the libery %-iiere I can shut myeisli: in when I am inclined to tiudy a bit ?' ? i do not think you mentioned ail these altera tions, Mrs. Bay.' ? 1 don't think you took much trouble to listen to them,' she snapped. ' Letty, pull that bell till somebody comes. Keep on pulling— they'll learn then to move a little fasten in tbis h -use.' Vliea the servant appeared. Mrs. Kay asked for « chamber candlce'.icu, -which being produced in due course, she said,' ' Show the rooms to Mr. Gear, Letty ; my legs won't keep me up to-night. You know all that I want' ?Yes.' ?show him ever the best rooms, Latty, and let him i»ok at the f urtitur. He won't find such lian torn cueers in Nettlewood, or half »b much gold utioiu them. We live down herk when we don't fl-:cect company, Mr. Gear, because there's no oec« mon to wear tbioga out too soon. Look alive, Lstty, I'm very tired with »y journey.' Laity and 1 departed— Letty leading the way. We ?went direct to the diawingroom, handsomely furnished enough, but ailare with gilding and ?ivmolu, and painted velvet chairs and couches. Kn whore was there anytbing'oli a natural tint, of a eot t shading, for the eye to seek relief in. \- This is our best room uotr, she said, with a curl ing lip ; see what money can do,' she added, un consciously quoting from old Brome. ? Are you tirSA-or; the money already, Letty, or tHsdaiuful of the new position to which it hat raieed you ?' \ ? Perhaps it is better,' she said ; ' I haven't much time to think about it ; I don't regret the past, if I can't eee anything very bright before me. Nothing before me, Mr. Gear,' said btie, ' like that which you once prophesied for me.' ? The days are earJy yet.' ' Sometimes I feel that -vre are robbers here, Mr, ?Gear— at other times, that we are only in posses sion of our rights. But then my mind is always on -tbe change, and lam never two days alike. I was a gloomy disappointed woman when you knew me first, and in this new estate I cannot set that character aside. But I am trying,' slie cried, ilinp iiur back her head disdainfully, ' I am learning t- to ba proud !' I was admiring her new manner then, th- haughty carriage, the handsome face and figure With much of tbe past bruEqueness, there was stil comething of the new estate refining and subduing her. She would learn to be a lady iu good time, '. saw. ''You perceive how to enlarge this room withou suoiling the general design. ?' she asked. . Yes; I think bo.' ?This way then.' j knew the way as well es Letty Bay about th- house — every turning in tbe mansion bad been m; study, and had not grown indistinct yet. We went over the best rooms, as bits. Bay bat desired. Beyond the diningroom, it struck me tha a library might be extended, and a new room buil above it, as suggested by the proprietress, Return ing to tbe housekeeper's room, Letty said eud -denly, ' Have you seen your sister yet ?' ' I am going to her house in a few minutes. Toi . see her now and then, I presume '? ' NY e»are neighbours; she and her husband visi here occasionally, llr. Gear,' in n. manner stil more abrupt than I had noticed hitherto ; ' I don' like your sister. ? You aie the first-person who has ever said tha' I believe,' I said a little coldly. ? 1 am a plain -wonum,' she answered, ' and d not shrink from a plain confesEion. I have trie more than once to show her my antipathy, but eh hetts ft down in some way. whilst ehe U here When she is gone, I dislike— hate her worse thai aver.' ? Why do you tell me this F ' I don't know; I feel that I should be a hypo Crite, «ft were to profess a love for her I did apt , ISel I b*VB» hope th»t you will tell h« this, and v hat the may understand me better, That's all. ?And her husband -do you hate him, too, for her safes? ? ; ? ? ? ???? .: ? Her hand went hastily to her bosom, as though I had stabbed her there; those great ' dark eyes flashed fire at me. 'Do I hate him?' she repeated; 'why do you sayihattomeZ'' r ' I thought it might be possible.* * Well— yea— I hate him too !' .. ? She set her white teeth together, and spoke through them, but there was hesitation in her answer, and it had rea uired some reflecti m before it was hissed forth. Back to the surface of the stream, to the depths of which it had been long submerged, floated an old suspicion to my brain. On the old battle-ground the ghosts were rising to war again with every sober thought ' Let us return,' she eaid, with a little snivel ; « unless you have any more questions to ask me ?' 'Not any.' ' May I ask you one ?' 'Certainly,' ' What brought your brother to Nettlewood ?' I was doubtful how to answer this— if I even had the power to answer. 'I know what keeps him here,' she said; 'bat what brought him to a place like this ?' 'A desire for change of air and scene, he tells me ; 1 had spoken of Nettlewood to him more than once.' * He tells you,' catching at my words ; ? then you doubt him?' ' No, no ; why should I doubt my own brother ?' ' I doubt him, said Letty ; 1 doubt the motive that brings him here. He is a sordid wretch, who - would sell his soul for money ; I shall have to tell him so presently.' ? Has he fallen in love with you, Letty ?' I asked: ' With me,' she cried disdainfully, * such a man as that insult me by a thought ! If he dared I would strike him, I think.' * You don't mean— surely you don't mean—' * I mean that he is playing a shallow part here, and that my mother sees it as clearly as I do, and laughs at him whea his back is turned. Tell him so !' ' I think I will,' X said reSectingly. ' Are there any more of you Gears ?' she asked after this. ' Only my mother.' 'You are the most contrary people whom I ever remember to have met. What makes you so dif ferent from your brother and sister r' 1 Perhaps there is no difference,' I remarked. ' You 1 can take to, You, I once thought wa« the very man fitting for a brother to me— one to whom I could tell my troubles, and feel strength ened by bis kind advice, his brothers love. But the rest of you!' She stamped her foot impatiently on the stone \- landing place outside tbe housekeeper's room, where file had paused to make that last remark before entering. Mrs. Bay was waiting for us in a spirit as impatient as her daughter's. ' What a time you've been, she said ; what have you been talking about? .Me?' 'No,' said Letty. ; ' Well, the alterations. If you'll do the drawing ? room first, we'll bav« the house-warming at once. The libery won't want warming much, at any . time.' ; ' You shall see my rough plan to-morrow, Mrs, ' Ely.' i ' Thankee. You won't stay supper, of course ?' 1 No thank you; I have a visit to pay. ' To your sister ?' ? I replied in tbe affirmative. 'Ab! she's a nica gal— there's style thera which L Letty won't imitate, though she can take off some ) people that nobody wants her to, fast enough. There's life in Mrs. Vaughan; she makes the best I of everything, and keeps the worst of it at home. , She's a woman you may well be proud »f llr. s Gear.' Tbis assurance, so distinct from her. daughter's ' pleased me. It was the tru^r criticism; and strangely enough, more frank and genuine than I Letty's. Had sotting Ellen up for a model offended Letty Bay, and turned her against my sister ?^-or ? was there something deeper and more antagonistic i that Letty knew and kept to herself, and brooded over along with those other thoughts which lay hidden in tbe fire she studied so much ? i ? 