ADELAIDE. . July 8. Tho immigrant ship Lightning is ashore at Trowbritljro. All on board are safo up to the present, but there is much confusion, and great alarm, as the position of the vessel is critical. Death of Mr. Ralph E. G. Johnson. — Mr. Ralph Edward Goodchall Johnson, for the last twelve years clerk-assistant in the Legis lative Council, died this morning at his resi dence, Tank-Street, at the age of 64 years. The deceased had been suffering for some time from dropsy, and had lately undergone an operation, but never rallied from its effects. He was a widower, but leaves two daughters and four sons. The funeral takes place this afternoon. TnE South Sea Island Lahol-b Tbapfic. — Tho news of the futo of tho Captain and crow of the South Sea Island labour recruiting schooner Hay Quoon is horrible enough, and tho fate of these poor- mon is scarcely a subject for congratulation by. tho bitterest opponents of the traffic. , Yet it was made the subject of a cruel exhibition this morning, ono of our Queen-street shop- keepers exhibiting in his window a portrait of the unfortunate captain, under .which -was inscribed ' Captain Kilgour, of tho May Queen, killed and eaten.' ' Weather Eex-okt.— The weather throughout the colony to-day is reported clear and cold, and at many stations frosty. ?Bvbnbtt Salmon.— Mr. Staiger, curator of tho museum, has received intelligence that elovon Hvo ceratodi (Burriott solmon) havo been shipped at Maryborough, per Queensland, and aro oxpoctod to arrivo on Monday. Wo are informedthat thoyareintonded to ho placed in ono of tho ponds of ,tho Botanical Gardens for scientific observation. Bmbbanb^Peumahest, Benefit,' Bnituma, ANn Investment Society. — Tho forty- ninth fortnightly subscription mooting of tho above society was hold iu tho office, Adplaido-stroot, onTuosday evening last. During the fort night £701 16s. 7d. was ieoeivcd,'nfty-nve fresh shares taken up, and three . applications for loans lodged. Stealing from Saudi.es.— Our tow a loafers havo lately taken to the practico of watohiug people who may leave horses fastened iip 'in in byo-strcots with .articles strapped to tho sadcUo ; arid as ' booh as tho owner's back is turned; tho package, .whatever it may be, is stolen. People will do well, thorefore, to[be on tho watoh, and assist in; transferring- those operators from tho outside to the inside of H.M. Gaol. Tub Musical Union.— Tho finallitohcarsal of Hadyn's ' Seasons,' by the Musical Union, took placo this afternoon. This vqryi difficult work now. goes admirably, and thokb ttinateurs of goodr music who propose to 'attend tho society's; .concerts on ; Monday and ;':Tnesday evenings next, havo a rioh .treat in-lBtore for them. Jt is ? thb gonoral opinion ; of thoso who havo listened toitho rohoursals of tho'_' Seasons' that the forthcoming- concerts will bo the most satisfactory yotgiven byl.th'e Union; ~b Ova Executive Enoineeu in. Lonuon. — Tho Courier has gathered its first intimation from a recent numbor of tho Engineer ofjthjj appoint ment of Mr: W.'.Si^AslTwoH'as tho Queensland Government '^ExccutivO;..y'T3n- ginccr in London. Air -Jjfie*-1 'gentleman in question has been so appointed ever sinco tho dismissal of Mr! Dempsey fronv that' post — about two years ago — tliis sudden dis covery of our contemporary cannot bo ro gaTdcd as a ; very brilliant one. We wore under the 'impression that cvory ono in Queensland, who took any interest in this matter, wa.s fiillyjawaro of the appoint n-cnt, as his name lias jippearod often enough . in connection with the ollico. ..,;,- ,: Willaiid's Wandemnos. — Willard'B troupe appearedat the School of Arts for tho last timo lust evening the entertainment being; for tho bonefit of Miss Norah Martin 'and Mr. Kingj ' the agent. There, was a moderate attendance Tho usual programme was gone through to tho ; evident satisfaction of thoso present, and a ?spiritualistic stance was also introduced. The Weather.— Mr. E. Mac Donnell, Go vernment Meteorological Observer, gives the following summary of his observations, taken nt Brisbane during tho month of June : — ' Tho , -weather was cooler than usual, 'the mean shade temperature, 60-3 degs., being. 07 degs. below the average of this month for the pre vious ten years, and 0-00 dogs, under ;the pro vioub three years. The highest reading in Bhade, 80-5 degs., was on the 16th ; tho lowest on the grass, 40*0 dogs., [was on tho morning of the 8th. Tho highest baromotric reading, 30-437, was at nine a.m. on tho 18th, and tho lowest, 29-853, at three, p.m. on the 6th. Bain fell on thirteen days; tho total fall, 2'63 inches, being 2-10 inches under tho average of fie month ; tho greatest fall in twenty-four hours, 0-79 inches, was on tho 25th. Voluntebb Enoineek8. — The members of this company, to the number of about fifty, mustered at the drill-room, George-street, last evening. They then marched to South Bris bane, where they wero drillod for upwards of an hour, showing considerable efficiency, con sidering the timo the corps havo bcon under going drill. Thoy then marched back to the drill-room and dismissed. Municipal Couhcil. — The Municipal Coun cil will hold their usual fortniirhtly meeting on Monday afternoon, when tho following busi ness will be transacted : — Consideration of petitions from the ratepayers of section 30, North Brisbane, thoso of Spring Hill and Ann etreet; Improvement and Town Hall Com mittee reports; and the disposal of the follow ingnotice8 of motion: — 'ByAldermanHubbard. — ' That a committee of the whole Council be formed to consider the propriety of establishing a system of drainago for rain water and liquid sewage, that may obtain on. outlet into the Brisbane River without impeding the traffic of the river, or being obnoxious to health. The committee also to consider the best mode of carrying out the various works necessary to effect the object in view, and to provido tho funds - required- to meet the expense.' By Alderman Hardgrave,— ' That tho Improve ment Committee be instructed to makoarrango menta with tho Government for tho procuring and carriage of metal from Bundonba for the streets of Brisbane.' By Alderman M'Master, — 'That the City Engineer furnish to this Council, at its next meeting, an estimate of tho probablo coBt of [tho extension of Wickham strcot to its permanent level, and where he proposes obtaining tho material to carry out the said work.' By Aldermun Hardgrave, — ' That as tho supply of gravel can be moro easily and cheaply procured from tho south eido than on the north, this Council allow all person s desirous of gravelling their footpaths to bring .the same across tho bridgo freo , of toll.' By Alderman Balo, — 'That tho particulars concerning the making of the drain in Ann street bo laid upon the table at the next meeting of tho Council, to embraco the follow ing (and any other particulars referring to tho same), viz. : — The names of tho mombers of the Improvement Committee by whom the work ?was recommended ; the minuto in full of March 26, 1876, in which tho cost of tho drain was discussed ; tho cost of the entire work to date, and also information as to who instructed tho construction of this work.' By Alderman Hardgrave, — 'That Albert-street, from Cobb andCo.'sto Alice-street, be raised to its proper lovel and metalled ; also Charlotto-street from George to Edward streots.' Kelvin Gbove Primary School.— A meeting of the residents of Kelvin Grove was hold on Thursday evening, in tho sohool room, for the purpose of nominating a school committee, Mi'. William Cassidy in the chair. Fifteon gentlemen wore nominated, throe of -whom declined to aot. The meeting thon agreed to reduce the list to seven, which was done. Twenty-one of thoBO. present had a right to vote, and on tho ballot papers being examined by the scrutineers, tho following gontlemen wero declared elected :— Goorge Hall, George B. Cut bush, George Russell, Robert WiBhart, C. Full wood, W. O'Carroll, and James Lewis. .Votes of thanks to the late committee and thechairman terminated tho meeting.','. . ., . Tub Museum. — Tho following donations to, the Museum' wororeceivod during tho month of May, %js. : — Mr. Joseph Nabpor, ono echidna' hystria; Mr. John Stono, Mooloolnh, one soa-!; urchin ; Mr. Barfoot, Sandgato, ono snake ;'Mr. James Buohanan, ono kitton with oight less ; Mr. Monahan, one young dog with six legs ;? Mrs. Cook, Gorman Station, ono largo phasma ; Mr. Byorloy, Chief Inspector of Roads, ? six fossils from Copenhagen Bond, Maryborough; Miss Lily Kaiser, one ammonite cut in two and polished; Mr. Ch. Wallaeo, ono phasma; Mr. Thorn. Ridley, Mooloolah, two nests of trapdoor spidor and ono trapdoor opider ; Dr. Bolasdale, three catalogues from tho Mslbourno Mu&oum.; The number of visitors during tho month was 2,272. ?????: - - ? : .. -;:-..... .Traffic Eabninob.— Tho following are th« traffic earnings on tho Queensland railways for thoweok ending July l,as compared with thoss of tho corresponding period of last year : — Southern and Wostorn Railway: Eassongor fares, £839 13s. 6d. ; last year, £616 0s. lOd. ; in oreaso,£224 12s.8d.;.goods andlivestock,£I,32) 19s. 8d. ; last year, £1,182 6s. 2d. ; increaso, £141 13s. 6d. Parcels and miscollanoous, £68 4s. 7d. ; lastyoar,£6919s. lOd. ; dcoreaso, £1 16s. 3d. Total, £2,231 17s. 9d. :'last year, £1^867 6s. lOd. ; inoreaso, £364 10s. lid. Total traffic to dato, £07,668 11s. 7d. ; lust year, £64,779 10s. 5d. ; inorcaso, £12,789 Is. 2d.— Northorn '.Railway : Passonger fares, £162 19s. 6d. ; last year, £123 7h. 9d. ; inoroase,' £39 11s. 9d. Goods and livo Btook, £170 2s. 7d. ; last year, £166 13s. lid. ; in oroase, £13 8s. 8d. Parcels and miscellaneous, £20 Is. 9d. ; last year, £12 6s. lOd.'; inoroaso, £7 15s. lid. Total, £363 3s. lOd. ; laBt year, £292 7s. 6d; increase, £60 16s. 4d. Total traffic to: date,' £10,702 11s. 6d.'j last y'oar, £6,386 8s. 6d.; increaso, £4,321 3s. ?'AcciDEJtr--To- the BTEAxisit AoNF,s'^-Wheh ? th'6 itoamer Agnc3,'Winmf/-\^jrom Miirpocliio to ! Ipswich, with a cargo. of timiier, was (opposjte ] Hogun's saw mills, th{sinqrning,''whiii^i's'tech- nically known as tho 'uptako' — ii'platincarthe funnel — gavo way. Tho etphm bltwoffand tho steamer was unablo to proceed on itsjjoiirnoy Wo[ could not ascertain tho cause of thd iiccidcnt ns tho persons on board were lmusuiilly. roticent on this point. It is stilted that thcroj [was not , more than 45 lbs.' of steam on at the timo,.the j maximum amount . bciiy 80. Boy^ond the j injury'dono to thb engine, which is estimated i atnot'morejh'un £5, and tho delay occasioned 3 by tho uccident, no further damage was done. | Postal Uhion Rates of Postaue. — A supple- ) ment to tho Government Gazette, published thig \ morning, contains a circular despatch and j 'enclosures, from ''Uio Secretary of Sttito for the ; Colonies, rclativo to tho proposed, union rates f of postage on. lotters for tho colonies. Tho | ,s6homo IB ono decided upon ut tho lalo Postal' | ? Conforenco at Bcrno, by which' a postal union iof us many countrieB; as jwero willing to join ' [should ho formed, anil a uniform rate of inter, national postagp adopted, or rather that six difleront rates bo established, according to thg distance tho'lbttors' would' have to bo carried. j ; As by theso rates' tho Australian colonies would ; not got their lotters curried any cheaper or ' iinoro expeditioiisly than at present, it i«- ' 'not likely that thoy will caro to join tho union. p \ Sunda.y Abridgements.— Tho Rev. D. Mos- I :sop will preach at tho South Brisbane Congre^ ;? gational Church to-morrow morning and even«£ .. S ing— subject : ' Home Missions ' ; and a ij sormon for juveniles will bo preached in tho '?' afternoon at 3 p.m. Mrs. Robinson will preach in tho Temporanco Hall at throo o'clock in ; the afternoon. Anniversary sermons in con» f nection with tho Primitive Methodist :, Church, Leichhardt-strcet— in the morning by tho Rov. W. Powell, and in the evening by tho Rev. W. Wilson. Now Church Services, Temperance Hall: morning, 'Isaiah, chapter 38;' evening, ' Conversion.' Crook-street - ' Presbyterian Church : morning, sorvico by Rev. D. F. Mitchell, when the Rev. J. F. M'Swain* will bo inducted ; ovoning, tho Rer. J. F M'Swaino will preach his first sormon in th« colony. Mr. G. J. Stewart will preach in the ' Mechanics' Institute, South Brisbane, at 5 p.m. ... Penny Readings at the South Pine.— i Our correspondent at Chinaman's Creok write* : ' 'The usual monthly meeting- was held in th* Primary School, Chinaman's Creek, on Mon- « i day ovening last. Tho room was well filled, ' but owing to tho almost impassable state of tho roads, tho attendance was not so large as I it otherwise would have been. Mr. Day wa§ voted to the chair. Messrs. Morris and Barker oponed tho proceedings by playing ' The New i Burlesque Valse.' Mr. Beatty read an essay on ' Scandal,' which had a pointed moral, and was well received ; in connection with it tho chairman delivered a short and feeling address. This was followed by a piece of : music well rendered by Mrs. Morris and Mr. Barker. Mr. Collins read 'Sweet Rest for ' Homo,' a picture of lifo in some of its phases. Mr. Alfrod Morris sang ' Havo you seen the ?' ghost;' then followed a solo on the violin by j Mr. John Morris. Miss Fahey and Miea Dorcas Ford recited a dialogue. Messrs. Morris and Barker and Mrs. Barker song ' It was a Friar of Orders Grey,' which was so admirably rendered ob to elicit several roundl of applause. Master W. Day recited 'The Wreck of the Hesperus ' with taste and feel ing. Master Collins eang ' Tho Jolly Cats,' which created some merriment. Mr. Day read vory ignorant people, a practical essay illustra tive of many in the world. Miss Collins and Miss Ford sang ' Good News from1 Home.' '-. Mr. John Morris played a violin aolo. Mr. Kifford sang ' Come Back to Erin,' and Mr. Beatty, by request, read a nigger sermon on 'Shadows.' Messrs. Morris and Ba'rker,v;ancl ' Mrs. Barker sang ' The Bells of St.:Michaer« Tower' withgreatpowerandeffect.MissDorcat Ford sang 'Far Away,' and did it well. 'Mr. Stubbing sang ' Strolling on the Sands,' which - went well, and all joined in the chorus. Master - Collins read ' How Peter White made the acquaintance of his mothor-in-law,',' -which caused much laughter. Mr.; A. MorriB Bang 'Give my Lovo to all at Homo' in a pleasing m:inner. Mrs. Barker sane; ' Tho Soldier'« Toar ' with taste and precision. Tho National Anthem was next sung by all, Btanding, -which brought a pleasant evening's entertainment to a close. Theso readings have done much to raise the tono of tho neighbourhood, and ar« becoming- popular and attractive ; this is owing chiefly to tho selection of instructive subjects, and tho varied 'and excollent quality of th» music introduced. A sum of £4 3s. 4d. — the surplus from the tea-meeting and concert on tho Queen's Birthday — is in hands, and the committee intend shortly to expend it in the purcharse 'of books for the use of the roodera, which, there iB reason to hope, will tend to make thoso meeting a Btill greater Bource of attraction and improvement. ' So mote it be.',' The Cleiucal Scandal. — The Gynipie Times of Wednesday last says : — Tho intention of prosecuting certain newspapers in connection with what is known as tho Clerical Scandal, has, wo beliovo, boon relinquished, the GjTnpie Catholics considering that, as their co religionists in other parts of the colony have failed to support them in tho matter, they are ? \ not called upon to bear tho responsibility and expense of the legal proceedings they oontem- ' plated instituting on behnlf of the entire Catholic body in Queensland. A Pu- iilio Gymnasium at Ii'swiOH.—To-day'i Queensland Times says : — ' A mooting of persons interested in the formation of a public gymnasium, -was hold in tho Council Chambers onThurBday ovening laBt. There was a fair attendance, considering the imperfect notice which had been givon of tlio intention to hold such a meeting; and his Worship the Mayor occupied the '.. chair. Tlio chairman having briefly explained the object of the meeting, a general discussion ensued- ns to the best means to bo adopted for tho purpose of successfully establishing1 a gymnasium. The Mayor was unanimously appointed president, Mr. A. Mcston vice-president, and Mr. Howard secret tnry and treasurer. A committco, consisting1 of the following gentlemen, wna appointed for the piirposo of drawing up a code of. rules and making other preliminary arrangements:— Messrs. J. Ryan (Queensland Natianal Bank), R. L. Mearns, H. C. Kingsmill, H.'A. Flower, James Brady, and J. Panton. , ,. ,x ... 