SOCIETY & FASHION. A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. [by THE CALIFORNIA!! MAIL ] I MARCH 9. I While oar own Parliament is still squabbling vainly, and with much more discredit to the Opposition than to the Government, about the purchase of the Suez Canal shares, and the "eventualities" for which we are bound to be prepared-while society iB laughing at Mr. Gladstone's "syllabus," solemnly put forward as though aggregate humanity were too dull and unlearned to comprehend the Protean ex-Premier, without his condescend- i ing to furnish it with a glossary of himself we axe all in reality much more vividly inte- I rested in affairs at the other side of the " silver streak." Let me remark, en passant, that that phrase has been scandalously over, worked, and that I, for one, promise to let it rest for the future. The "New Ze&lander;," popularly attributed to LordMacaulay, but ac* tually borrowed by him without acknowledge ment from the Annual Register, has not had a harder, though he has had a longer, time of it than Mr. Gladstone's euphonious com mon-place. The elections to the French Na- j tional Assembly and the newly- opening phase of the history of France occupy general atten. tion here. There is profound disquiet amopg the English in Paris, who are rendered uneasy by the " red " hue of the deputies who have been returned by that incorrigible city, and by the rumours that the Assembly may be induced to grant an amnesty to the Com munist convicts. No such apprehension finite utterance, or, indeed, entertainment, among the French, even among those who are moat opposed to the measure. Every where among them confidence in the Mar shal-President exists, and a serene convic tion that the army is entirely with him, and he is entirely to be relied npon to keep the ruffians and miscreants of the Com mune In the place for which they are so admirably adapted, ie., New Caledonia. The rising of the curtain for the next performance at Versailles is eagerly an ticipated. This time the Senate will sit in the historical theatre at the chateau, which has been fitted up with red silk fauteuils and the splendid tribune from the Luxemburg-^-a piece of furniture to which so many historical reminiscences attach themselves that it ought to lend itself spontaneously to the purposes of "mediums," and rap out all sorts of utter ances for all kinds of spirits-black, white, and grey. The characteristic theatrical aspect of the talk, de spectacle, where Louis the Fourteenth danced in many a ballet, and Marie Antoinette made the most charming of Borinas, has been decreased by the removal of the painted and gilded draperies behind the President's chair, where the act drop used to be, and the salle is at once sober and splendid enough for its present purpose. There is very little likelihood, indeed, though the French are so difficult to teach by any 1 amount of experience, and so slow to read the lessons of their own terrible history, j that the motion which is to be made by the 1 ultras-or, as it is the last new slang of the day to call them, the " Carihagenistes"-for the removal of the legislative bodies to Paris will be carried, though no consideration of the large sums which have been expended on the new chamber would influence the xesolu tion of the Assembly in one or the other direction. In every lawfully constituted Assembly there must necessarily lurk a wholesome apprehension of Paris and its nob-an apprehension which the purest of the "piers," with tbeir memory stored with reminiscences of Danton, Desmou lins, and other unimpeachable democrats, probably share. To the habituis of the '' tribunes," people who go to hear the debates at the Assembly as they would go to the theatres, and acquire the same familiarity with the political as that which they culti vate with the theatrical "stars/' so that they know all the "back-stairs" gossip of the place, "seeing," to use a phrase of Count de Vigny's, "the tapestry worked from the back," it will be interesting to observe the mutual bearing of Messieurs Gambetta and Naquet; especially if the observers bear in mind that there was a time when Camille Desmoulins and Robespierre called each other "my dear friend," and taxed the rich recources of their common language for hyperboles of praise-when Danton and Saint Just were as intimate as a mastiff and a cur who sleep in the same stable. No ' doubt the new Assembly will be found to in clude several men of violent and eccentric -character, but the general atmosphere of practical common-sense will, it may j fairly be hoped, be too nrach tor them. Trade is not prosperous in Paris, and it can not be denied that social life suffers from the supremacy of the Republican party. " The Faubourg®' cannot be said to have retired into its shellT because it never emerges from it, ' but the Orleanists counted as an important «odal dement, and they are " nowhere." Don Carlos has arrived in England, and is «oing to Scotland to visit some friends of his wife and her family. The general satis faction at the termination of the civil war In Spain is clouded by the apprehension of fresh political difficulties at Madrid. The ; young king, Alfonso, is dreadfully boxed, and wants to know why he cannot have a holi day, like the King of Greece. He would dearly like to see Paris and London again, /but his Minlatow tell him it must not he. The Empress of Austria has just arrived in Eng land, imd joined her sister. Queen Maria of Naples, at Easton Neston in Northampton shire, "where the Imperial and Royal ladies mean to bunt for the remainder of fhe season. The Empress Elizabeth has brought several splendid horses with her, and is totally un daunted by the accident she met with last fBBTw Last Tuesday was a memorable day for the «ast end of London. It is a long time since the Qoeen has visited the city-never, I think, except on the occasion of the Thanks giving at St. Paul's, since the Prince Con eort'e death. On Tuesday Her Majesty passed through the city, and far beyond its bound&nes;, In semi- state, "down White chapel wty," to the London Hospital, in omierid optft tbe Grocer's wing of tt^tnobb institution. This was s tack feucb as the Queen thTiWiB^wsi *w^ved^ythe counties* thousands whp ripronged, the district In which toil and peliury abide| in " " buman faces, in honour of the coming of the Queen. Whitechapel is beyond the jaria diction of the Lord Mayor of London, and the most creditable and successful efforts which were made to beautify the sovereign's route were all made by the local powers and the mostly poor inhabitants themselves. Banners, inscriptions, mottoes, pictorial designs abounded, and the Qaeen has expressed her admiration of the se lection of the sentences of greeting, such as-" A humane Qaeen makes a loving people," "I was sick and ye visited me,' and "Welcome Victoria, friend of the afflicted." The Qaeen was attended by a brilliant suite, but the Princess Beatrice was the only member of the Royal family who so companied her. She was received with the most enthusiastic loyalty and affection, and she permitted her countenance to express her pleasure to a degree which is very rare with titie Qaeen. Of late years smiles are seldom seen on her face, and they are tran sient when they come; bat she looked on all aides, smiled, laughed, called the atten tion of her daughter and her ladies to the decorations of the route, and bowed inde fatigablyto the people. The yoang Princess was quite overcome by the warmth and uproar of "the people's" welcome to her Royal mother, and tears mingled with her smiles. A very imposing, though simple ceremony took place at the hoB pital, where a brilliant assembly received the Queen, and Her Majesty formally opened the Grocer's wing, and named the several wards after herself and her daughters. Then she visited some of the old wards, and this was an affecting scene, for the Queen had kind inquiries and soothing words for the sufferers, especially for the children. Here is an incident, related by The Times, which will interest your readers" A little girl of four, Kate Ambler, who was brought into the hospital on January 14 with a burnt side and thigh, had previously said to Mr. Rowsell, the deputy-chairman, * If I could only see the Queen I should get welL' This remark was repeated to Her Majesty, who determined to gratify the child's innocent wish. 'My darling,' said the Queen to this little girl, 'I hope you will be a little better now.' The child, if Bhe lives, will never forget that Queen Victoria said, ' My darling' to her." The crowd was as orderly as it was enthueiastic, tbere were no acci dents, and the weather was fine. The Queen has eent £500 to the London Hospital, and the warmest assurances of her satisfaction. After aU, if she gives balls by proxy, and does not go to the theatres, Qaeen Victoria is gracious to the sick and sorrowful, and the people feel that it is so, and they respect her deeply. The popular craze which, since the World gave it that name, is generally known as " Rinkomania," is spreading with extra ordinary rapidity, until every available space is threatened with being converted into an asphalted plain, on which young men and maidens, and elderly men and matrons for that matter, may Bpin and twirl about on wheels, attired in rink hats and the latest rink costumes. The craze is, indeed, as suming portentous dimension?, and enor mous sums of money are being lavished ri it. I anticipate a sudden collapse interest, and heavy losses to specu lators. We are surely the least reasonable folk in the world, and if Froissart were to come among ns now he would pronounce, not that we take our amusements moult tristement, but without any moderation. The Holborn Amphitheatre is abont to be turned into a skating-rink. The building has been singularly unsuccessful hitherto when used for theatrical purposes. And I have actually heard a hint, but I decline to believe in such a declension from a lofty ideal, that "if the worst comes to the worst"-which means, if "high falutin'" comes to bankruptcy-the Albert-hall will be turned into a rink, which will enjoy merely the sad pre-eminence of bigueBS. If thisshonld ever really come to pass, the ghosts of great ideas will of a surety come and skate there in the phantom-haunted night Mean time, accidents are frequent and serious at the rinks, and women not only kill time there, but hurt themselves severely. Lady Folkestone had a bad fall the other day, at " Prince's," and she is not the only person who has sustained injuries within the last few weeks. Of course, the caricatarists are busy with the latest fashion, and some of them make palpable hits enough. While I am writing, the funeral of Lady Augusta Stanley is taking place at West minster Abbey, by Her Majesty's express desire. The Qaeen wishes that her beloved friend should rest in the vicinity of the home which Bhe adorned and made happy for several years, and it is a deeply-appreciated compliment to the Dean. Lady Augusta is mum regretted by a numerous circle of friends, and deplored by the poor of West minster, among whom she laboured with equal zeal and discretion. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh have left England; the former is going to sea in command of the Sultan, the latter on a long visit to her parents. Prince Leopold has also gone abroad, the Duke of Gonnaught is at Malta, and the Prince of Wales has not yet left India. The " season" is much shorn of } its inaugurative brilliancy by the dispersion of the Royal family. Everyone is glad that Prince Leopold, who is regarded with a good deal of interest by the public,- Is able to undertake a journey. He has been degldedly better since bis recovery from his long ill ness, and is now able to walk for moderate distances. . . The opera season will commence next month. The " Drnry-lane" announcements, as people persist in calling those of Mr. Mapleson's company, though we are positively eseared that the new opera-house on the Thames Embankment will be opened in May, ? are not yet made public, and I hear of such megnificent offers being made to Made moiselle Tietjens in America <£800 a night I for a whole, spason of operas J) that I should i not be surprised were site to accept them, and were we to have to put np with a second rate singer for the inauguration of the new palace of bamiony. Mademoiselle Tietjens suffered severely from the climate daring the first weeks of her sojourn in Amerioa, bat she is quite well sow, and has achieved a magnificent success in Italian operas, though she is Anything but. well supported. We are to have Pattf at Goventgarden, and the usual promises as to new operas are put forward; they are, however, received with a marked diminution of public confidence in their realisation. - ? Meanwhile, in London society there has arisen amusical'' star/' who b ids fair toeclipse - all thosew'blch have shone in the artistic firma ment A young ltd*, the daughter of a clergy* man of the Church of Eogtand, has been discovered to possess a voice surpassing in power and compass any singer how known to be in existence. People who oadeistand the science of music will know what bar voice must be when they. are. told that it reaches easily anil sustains perfectly A-alUuhmo! Miss Kobarls ia tty» fmjkt'tepioia muicftl drdM and in {eshiona&ie; olroles of ft certain (.fined and cultivated mendc, and she ha; «d|Mdr bad w offm icm flw tivtf impresvrii, bat she bag no intention ol taming her matchless talent to professional uses-her Intention Is td dedicate it entirely to the service ot the poor. She has under taken to sing for the benefit of several charities daring the season, and many of the greatest ladies in London have placed their a ra win grooms at the disposal of the gifted young girl for this purpose. Her voice is highly cultivated as well as hi itself pheno menal, and she is an object of great curiosity and interest in society. Nothing oew or interesting in the dramatic world is to be recorded. The battle of the critics is Btill being waged over Mr. Irving, but, I am happy to Bay, not over his " pros trate form." He is. on the contrary, in per fectly good spirits, and as satisfied as ever tbat he represents the Othello of Shakspeare. His self-confidence is justified by overflowing houses. He has a powerful clique against him, but its power just falls Bhorc of a prac tical result. It has never succeeded in pre venting as many people as the Lyceum Theatre can hold from going to see him in the much-decried r6le of the Moor. Every thing which has been brought out at the other theatres of late is more or less of a failure,' except the pantomimes; and the after-Easter season, which is to bring us Salvini, Rossi, and Ristori, is looked forward to by playgoers with much ezpecta tation as a compensation for the lengthened winter of our discontent. 