ELEANOR'S VICTORY. CHAPTER XLIV.-OOKTIKOED. LOST. Br THE A0THOB OF "MDt ATOIW> SKCWST," " ACBOBA FI>Or»," &C.;» The maiden ladies looked at each other. It would not have been a bad thing, pehaps, after all, if Eleanor had arrived in time to see the dying man. It was a pity that Maurice de Crespiqnv should have died in ignorance of his nephew's character, when there was just chance t hat he might have left a will m that nephew's favor, lint on the other hand, George Vane's daughter was even amnion? formidable persou than Launcelot. Who could tell how she might havo contrived to tamper with the old man \ " I have no doubt you wished to denounce Mr. Darrell; and to denounce us, too, for the matter of that, I dare say," observed Miss Sarah, ''in older that you yourself might proht by mv uncli's will. '" f proiit.'." cried Eleanor; " what should I want with the p»*jr old man's money !" " My wifo is rich enough to be above any suspicion of that kind, Miss de Cr^piguy," iilhi'rt Monckten sifid, proudly. " 1 came toi late," Eleanor said ; " I came too late to set; my falhei's friend, but not too late for what I have so long prayed for—re- venge upon my lather's destroyer. Look at your sister^ son, Miss de Ctespigny. Look at him, Mis Laviuia; you have good re.ucu to ha proud of him. lie has been a liar aud i traitor fro-.ii first to last; and to-night he has advanced from treachery lo crime. TUo law could not punish him for the cruelty that killed a helpless old man; the law can punish him for that which he has done to-night, for he has committed a crime." " A crim<;'." « Y es , He has crept like a thief into the house in which his nncle lies dead, and has introduced some document—a will of his own fabrication, no doubt—in the place of the genuiue will left in Mr. de Crespigny's private secretaire." . " How do you know this, Eleanor* cried Gilbert Monckton. " I know it because I was outside the window of the study when he changed the papers iu the cabinet, aud because I have the real will in my possession." " It is a He!" shouted Lauucelot Dan- ell, starting will to " his feet, " a damnable lie, ^ the real „ «Was burnt, as you think, Mr. Darrell; but you are mistaken. The document which your friend, Monsieur Victor Bourdonj burnt was a paper which you dropped out of the Airn'tain' while you were searching for the will." « Aud where is the genuine document, Eleanor 1" Gilbert asked. " Here," answered his wife, triumphantly. She put her hand into her pocket It was empty. The will was gone. ; CHAPTER XLV. AT SEA. The will was gone. Eleanor tried to think how or where she could have lost it. It might have dropped from her pocket, perhaps. That was the only solution of the mystery that presented itself to her mind. The open pocket of her dress might have been caught by one of the lauiei boughs as she crouched upon the ground, and when 6he rose the paper had dropped out. There was no other way in which she coM havo lost it, She had been so absorbed in the watch 6he had kept on Launcelot Darrell, as to forget th6 value of the document which she liad thrust carelessly into her pocket. Her fethei'6 letter-and Launcelot Darrein sketch were still safe in the bosom of her dress; but the will, the genuine will, in place of which the young man had introduced some fabrication of his own, was gone, " Let me see this will, Eleanor," Gilbert Monckton aaid, advaucing to his wife. Although she had been the most skilful actress, the most accomplished deceiver amongst all womankind, her couduct to-night could not be all acting, it could not be all deception. She did not love huh: she had confessed that, very plainly. She did not love trim ; aud she had only married liim in order to' serve a purpose of her own. But then, on the other hand, if hbr passionate words were to be believed in, sh;e- did not Ifive: Lawncclot DarrfeU. There wis some comfort in that. Let me see the. will, Eleanor," he repeated, W .his wifo.«tarpd at'him blankly in tlm first ^hqck of i^erdis- OOVfiVJ., ...„, !«I can't find it," she said, hopelessly. "It^s gbine ; "it's lost. Oil, for pity's sake, go out irifo'tW garden and looTc for'it." I must have But Miss "No, Mr. don't go gut wto |hQ proper petion w look him. "pray Utho She wng tlie ImjII, which was atiBwered by the old butler. < =- ^ ; " " Has Brooks corno' hack from Windsor (the asked. . ....... -j .., . , " No, miss, not yet." . . , ( , ^ "A paperhas been dropped m the garden, Parker, somewhere amongst the evei^reens, ; outside my uncle's rooms. Will you fake a 1 lantern, and go «id look for it i" aJ)OAR, dear!" exclaimed MISB Sahih, « Brooks has been.n veiy long time going from here to Windsor and back again. I wish Mr; Lawford's clerk were come. The place would be taken caro of thou, and we should liave no further anxiety." The Lady looked suspiciously from her nephew to Eleanor, and from Eleanor to Gilbert Monckton. She did not know whom to trust, or whom most to fear. Launcelot Darrell sat before her, biting savagely at liis nails, and with his head bent upon his breast Eleanor had sunk into the chair neatest Iter, utterly dumbfounded by the loss of the will « You nood not fear that we shall long intrude upon you, Miss de Orespigny," Gilbert Monrkton said. "My wife lias made an accusation against a jterson in thia room. It is only right, iu your iuterest, and lor the justification of her truth and honor, that this business should be investigated—and immediately." "The will wis* be found," Eleauor cried; " it must have fallen from my pocket in the shrubbery." Launcelot Darrell said nothing. He waited the issue of the search that was being made. If the will was found he was prepared to repudiate it; for there was no other course left to him. He hated this woman, who had suddenly arisen before him as an enemy and denouncer, who had recalled to him the bitter memory of his first great dishonor, and who had detected him in the commission of his lirst crime. He hated Eleanor, and was ready 1 to sacrilice her to his own safety. He lifted his head presently, and looted about liim with a scornful laugh. "Is this a farce, or a conspiracy, Mrs.: Monck- < ton?" lie asked. "Do you expect to inyalU , date iny great-uncle's genuine will-wherever . that will may happen to be found—by the . production of some document dropped by yon in the garden, and which has, very Ukely, never been inside this house, much less in my ] uncle's possession? You surely "don't expect * any one to believe your pretty, romantic story, of a suicide in Paris, and a midnight scene at Woodlands I It would be an excellent para- • graph for a hanl-np penny-a-liner, but, really, for auy other purpose "Take care, Mr. DarreH," Gilbert Monckton , said, quietly, ''.you will gain nothing by insolence. If I do not resent your impertinence ^ to my wife, it is because I begin to believe that you are so despicable a scoundiel as, to ; be unworthy of an honest man's anger. You bad much better hold your tongue." , ( There was no particular eloquence in "these last few words, but there was something in the lawyer's tone that effectually eilenccd Launcelot Darrell. Mr, Monckton's cane lay upbn a eliair by the fireplace, and while speaking he „ had set down his hat, and taken up the cane ; ^ unconsciously, perhaps; but the moyetoent^' had not escaped the guilty man's furtive glance. ' ( He kept silence; aud with his face darkened ,! by a gloomy scowl, still sat biting his nailfii 1 . The will would be found. The genuine dofett- : ' \ ment would be compared with the fabrication ' he had placed amongst his great-uncle's papers^ ' and perpetual shame, punishment, and Msriiy ' :n ( would be his lot. What he-suffered to-night,' '' sitting amongst these people, nbt oiie of who'ih he could count as a friend, was only r a foret&fe; ' ' (j of what he would have to suffer by-aud-byin 1 ' a criminal dock. - ' '» For some time there was silence in the room. The two sisters, auxious and perplexed, looked '' 1 almost despairingly at each other, foarful that 11! at the end of all this business they.would l>e ^ the sulferers; cheatal, in their helplessness, either .by ( Jeorge Yiine's daughter or by Laupce- ^ lot Darrell. Eleauor, exhausted by her own exciltiuicnt, sat with; sher eyes fixed upon the door, waiting for the coming of the bid butler. More than a quarter of an 1 hour passed in this way. Then the door opened; taild Mrl Parker made his appearando. .! r.' . ' ;'T " Yon have found itt^ied Eleanor/ start- ' injgto her .feet.; ' i. • ', • <•.<, i'^. " iS T o,. sna'nju. .No, Miss .Lavinia/?! laddedrAi the butler,, I liave ,fiea»abed«very. i,nch> of^oi >yith m^jand ^o.ae^hed^ilww^e.f',..,(/ , i" Jt must bp in the gaiden/'ejtclain^ ^j^^i t) nor,. "'it must.l»b' thwe^runlcs? 1 It' Jjas. ^wh iway* lw " ' ." f'TMre'is ( n6t wjthd jToUM'S^/' ( ' L ri The s'TttliWriDl iite 'iih, tod ItWbul^liate i "And youVo^CAU^ Wv l under the treesI" asked MkMmicktoju «Ycs, sir. We've searched everywhere; me ancl the 'ousetnaid." Launcelot Darrell burst into a loud laugh, an insolont,0trident laugh. " Why, I tlioughtns much," ho cried; "the vt hole story is a farco. I bag your pardon, Mr. Monckton, for calling it a conspiracy. It is merely & slight hallucination "of youj wife's; and I dare say she is as much George Vane's daughter as I ain the fabricator of a forded will." Mr. Darrcll's triumph liad made him foolhardy. In the next moment Gilbert Monckton's hand •was on the collar of his coat, and the cane uplifted above his shoulders. " Oh mygoodneBs mo!" shrieked Sarah do Crespigny, with a dismal wail, "there'll be murder done presently. Oh, this is too dreadful ; in the dead of the night, too." But before any harm could happen to Launcelot Darrell, Eleanor clung about her husband's upraised arm. " What you 6aid just now vfas the truth, Gilbert," she cried; " he is not worthy of it; he is not indeed. Ho is beneath an honest uiau's anger. Let him alone; for my sake let him alone. Retribution must come upon him, eooncr or later. I thought it had come tonight, but there has been witchcraft in all this business. I can't understand it." "Stay, Eleanor," said Gilbert Mouckton, putting down his cane, and turning away from Launcelot Darrell as he might have turned from a mongrel cur that he had been dissuaded from punishing: "This last will—what was the wording of it—to whom did it leave the fortune?" launcelot Darrell looked up eagerly, breathlessly waiting for Eleanor's answer. " I don't know," she said. " What, have you forgotten f "No, I never knew anything about the contents of the will. I had no opportunity of looking at it. I took it from the chair on which launcelot Darrell threw it, and put it in my pocket. From that moment to this I have never seen it." " How do you know, then, that it was a will ?" asked Gilbert Monckton. " Because I heard Launcelot Darrell and his companion speak of it as the genuine wilL The young man seemed infinitely relieved by the knowledge of Eleanor's ignorance. " Come, Mi. Monckton" he said, with an air of injured innocence, " you have been very anxious to investigate the grounds of your wife's accusation, and have been very ready to believe in a most absurd story. You have even gone so far as to wish to execute summary vengeance upon me with a walking-stick. I think it's my turn now to ask a few questions." " You can ask as inany as you please," answered the lawyer. His mind was bewildered by what had happened. Eleanor's earnestness, which had seemed so real, had all ended in nothing. How if it was all acting; how if some darker mystery lurked beneath all this tumult of accusationand denial? The canker of suspicion, engendered by one woman's treachery, had taken deep root in Gilbert Monekton's breast. He had lost one of the purest and highest gifts of a noble nature—the power to trust. " Very well, then," said Launcelot Darrell, turning to Eleanor: " perhaps you will tell me how I contrived to open this cabinet, out of which you say I stole one document, and into which you declare I introduced another?" "You took the keys from Mr. de Crcspigny's room." "Indeed! But is there no one keeping watch in that room?" " Yes," cried Miss Sarah, " Jepcott is there. Jepoott has been there ever since my beloved uncle expired. Nothing has been disturbed, and J epcott has liad the care of the room. Wo could trust Jepcott with untold gold." " Yes," said Miss Lavinia, " with untold gold." " But BIJO was asleep !" cried Eleanor, " the woman was asleep when that man went into the room." "Asleep!" exclaimed Miss Sarah; "oh, surely 'not. Surely Jepcott would not deceive us; I can't think that of her. The very last words I said to her were, 'Jepcott, do you feel at all Bloepy ? If you feel in the least degree sleepy, have the housemaid to sit with you— make assurance idoubly sure, and have the housemaid3'' 'No Miss,' Jepcott said, 'I never feli more wakeful in my life, aud as to the girl, .fehe's a poor; frightened silly, and I don't think you could induce her to go into mastorWroom, though you were to offer her a ; live-pound faoto for doing it.' And if Jepcott went to Sleep after this, knowing that everything! was left about just as it was when iny uucle died,)it wad really too bad of her." " Send for Mrs. Jepcbty' said Launcelot Darrell ; "let us hear What she has to say about this very probable story of my stealing : my giwat-undla's keyi3;" , . Miss 'U&VinlA; do ; 0^pigri^ riing th6 ball/ which^tvas a^eted "py^, tfho; though usually slow to respond to any summons, was wonderfully prompt i» his attendance this evening. " Tell Mrs. Jepcott to oome here," said Miss Lavinia; " I want to speak to lier." The butler departed upon this errand, and again there was a silont pause, which seemed a very long one, but which-only extended over five minutes. At the end of that time Mis. Jepcott appeared. She was a respectablelooking woman, prim, aud rather grim iu appearance* She had been in the dead man's service for fiVe-and-thirty yeais, and was about fifteen years older than the Misses de Crespigny, whom she always spoke of as " the young ladies." "Jepcott," said Miss Sarah, "I want to know whether auybody whatever, except yourself, has entered Mr. do Crcspigny's room since you have been placed in charge oi it?" "Oh, dear no, miss," answered the housekeeper, promptly, " certainly not." " Are you sure of tliat, Jepcott ?" " Quito sure miss: as sure as I am that I am standing here this moment." , " y<J» speak very confidently, Jepcott, but this is really a most serious business. I am told that you have boen asleep." " Asleep, Miss de Cruspigny ! Oh, dear, who could say anything of the kind! Who could be so wicked as to tell such a story ?" " You are ccrtain that you have not been asleep ?" "Yes, miss, quite certain. I closed my eyes sometimes, for my sight is weak, as you know, miss, and the light dazzled me, and made my eyes ache. I close my eyes generally when I sit down of an evening, for my sight doesu't allow me to do needlework by caudlelight, neither to read a newspaper; and I may have closed my eyes to-night, but I didn't go to sleep, miss, oh dear no ; I was too nervous and anxious for that, a great deal; besides, I am not a good sleeper at any time, and so I should have heard if a mouse liad stirred in the room." " You didn't hear me come into the room, did you, Mrs. Jepcott?" asked LauncelotDar rell. " You, 3D-. Darrell ? Oh, dear, no; neither you nor anybody else, sir." " And you don't think that I could have come into the room without your knowing it ? You don't think I could have come in while you were asleep ?" " But I itvww'f asleep, Mr. Darrell; and as for you or anybody comin' in without mv hearin' 'em—why I heard every leaf that stirred outside the windows." " I fear that at least this part of your charge must drop to the ground, Mrs. Monckton," launcelot Darrell said, scornfully. " Jepcott," said Miss Lavinia de Crespiguy, go back and 6ee if my uncle's keys are safe." "Yes, do, Mi's. Jepcott,"exclaimed Launcelot Darrell; "and be sure you take notice whether they have been disturbed since your master died." The housekeeper left the room, and returned after about three minutes' absence. " The keys are quite safe, Miss Lavinia," she said. "And they have not been disturbed}" asked Launcelot, No, Mr. Darrell, they haven't been moved a i quarter of an inch. They're lyin' just where they lay when my poor master died, half hid under a pocket-handkerchief." Launcelot Darrell drew a longhreath. How wonderfully these foolish women had played into his hands, and helped him to escape. *' That will do, Jepcott," said Miss Sarah ; " you may go now. Remember that you are responsible for everything in my uncle's room uhtil the arrival of Mi. Lawford's clerk. It would have been a very bad business for you if Mr. do Crcspigny's keys liad been tampered with." Mrs. Jepcott looked rather alarmed at this remark, and retired without delay. Suppose she had been asleep, after all, for five minutes or so, and some mischief had arisen out of it, what might not her punishment bo. She had a very vague idea of the power of the law, and did not know what penalties she might have incurred by five minutes' unconscious doze. This honest woman had boon in the habit of spending the evening in a series of intermittent mips for the last ten years, and had no idea that While closing her eyes to shade them from the glare of the light, she often, Numbered sojundly for an hour at a stretch. "Well, Mrs. Monckton," Launcelot Darrell said, when the housekeeper had loft the room, "I suppose now you are convinced that all tliis midwinter night's dream is a mere hallucination of your own ?" Eleanor looked at him with a contemptuous smile, whose open scorn , was not tho least painM torture he had been obliged to bear that night. }''Do not speak to. me," she said ; "repipmber who I auu; and let .that memory keen you silent.'" \ t jThe door-bell rang loudly as Eleanor finished, fiJJOikffig. 7 " ; ^ J " Thank Heaven 1" exclaimed Miss do Crospigny, " Mr. Lawford's dork has come at last. Ho will take charge of everything, and if anybody has tampered with my uncle's papers," she added, looking first at Launcelot and then at Eleanor, "I have no doubt that he will find out all about it. Wo are poor unprotected women, but I dare say we shall find those who will bo able to defend our rights." 1 don't think wo have any occasion to stop here," said Mr. Monckton; " are you ready to come home, Eleanor ?" " Quito ready," his wife answered. " You have nothing more to Bav 1" " Nothing." "Tut on your cloak, then, and come. Good night, Miss do Crespiguy. Good night, Miss Lavinia." Air. Lawford's clerk came in while Gilbert Monckton aud his wife were leaving the room. Ho was the same old man whom liichard Thornton had seen at Windsor, Eleanor perceived that this man was surprised to see Ijiuncelot Darrell. He started, aud looked at the artist with a half-frightened, half-inquiring glance ; but the young man did not return the look. CHAPTER XLVL LAURA'S TllOUM.KS. Gilbert Mouckton ottered Eleanor his arm as they went out of the hall and down the steps before the front entrance. " I would have got a convcyance for you if it had been possible, Eleanor," he said ; but of course at this time of night that is utterly out of the question. Do you think that you can manage the walk home i" : " Oh, yes; very well indeed." She sighed as she spoke. She felt completely bafiled by what had occurred ; terribly prostrated by the defeat which had befallen hei. There was no hope, then. This base and treacherous man was always to triumph, however wicked, however criminal. " Is it very late ?" she asked, presently. " Yes, very late—past one o'clock." The husband and wife walked homewards in silence. The road seemed even drearer than before to Eleanor, though this time she had a companion in her dismal journey. But this time despair was gnawing at her breast; she liad been supported before by excitement, buoyed up by hope. They reached Tolldale at last. The butler admitted them. He had sent all the other servants to bed, and had sat up alone to receive his master. Even upon this night of bewilderment Gilbert Monckton endeavored to keep up appearances." " We liave been to Woodlands," he said to the old servant. " Mr. de Orcspigny is dead." He had no doubt that his own and his wife's absence had given rise to wonderment iu the quiet household; and he thought by this means to set all curiosity at rest. But the drawiug-room door opened while he was speaking, aud Laura rushed into the hall. "Oh, my goodness gracious," she exclaimed, " here you are at last. What I have suffered this evening! Oh! what agonies I have saflered this eveniu^, wondering what had happened, aud thinking of all sorts of horrid things." " But, my dear Laura, why didn't you go to bed?" asked Mr. Monckton.' " Go to bed.'" screatncd the young lady. " Go to bed, with my poor brain bursting with suspense. I'm sure if people's brains do burst, it's a wonder mine hasn't to-night, and I thought ever so many times it was going to do it. First Eleanor goes out without leaving word whore she's gone; and then you go out without leaving word whore you're gone ; and then you both stay away for hours, and hours, and hours. And there I sit all tho time watching the clock, with nobody but the Skyo to k^cp me company: until I get so nervous that I daren't look behind mo, and I almost begin to feel as if the Skyo was a demon dog! And, oh, do tell me what in goodness' name has happened." " Come into the drawing-room, Laura; and pray don't talk so fast. I'll tell you presently." Mr. Monckton walked into the drawingroom, followed by Laura and his wife. He closed the door, -and then sat down by the fire. , "I've had coals put on five times," exclaimed Miss Mason; "but all tho coals iu the world wouldn't keep mo from shivering and feeling' as if somebody was coming in through the door and looking over my shoulder. If it hadn't boen for tho Skye I should have gone mad. Wliat luis happened f' "Something has happened at Woodlands—" Mr. Monckton began, gravely; but Laura interrupted him with a little shriek. " Oh; don't," she criod, " don't, please; I'd rather you didn't. I know what you're going to 6ay. You must come and sleep with me to-night, Eleanor, if you don't 1 want to find me raving mad in the morning. No wonder' I felt as if the loom was peopled with ghosts." , . i" Don't,be foolish, Laura," Mr.' Monikto said, impatiently. " You asked jne what has happened, and * I tell you. To sjxaik plain, Mr. de Crespigny is dead." " Yes, I guessed that, of course, directly yon began to speak in that solemn way. It's very dreadful—not that he should be dead, you know; because I scarcely ever saw hire, and when I did see him he always seemed to be deaf, or grumpy—but it seems dreadful that people should die at all; and I always fancy they'll come walking into the room at night when I'm taking my hair down before the i glass, and look over my shoulder, as they do in German stories." "Laura!" •• oh, please don't look contemptuously at me,"cried Miss Mason, piteously ; of course, if you haven't got nerves it's wry t-asv to despise these things; aud I wifh I'd been bom a man or a lawyer, or fcomtibin-' of that sort, so that I might never be nervous. .Not that I believe in ghosts, you knew ; I'm not so childish as that. I don't believe in theiu, and I'm not afraid of them; but 1 tin in ."' (Jilbert Monckton's contemptuous expression chanced to a look of pity. Thi- was the fool Mi girl whom he had been about to entrust U> tiir> man hi; now knew t<> be a villain. lie »««-<(• knew;—bah, he had j altered with his own conscience He ha<; known it from the Jir.-t. Ami this poor child love,] Launcelot Darrell. Her hopes like hi- • wn, were shipwrecked ; even in the e^oti-::; >f hi? misery the strong man felt wrne companion for this he'pl-i- girl. "So, Mr. de Crespigny is dead." Laura said, after a pause : " doe? Launceloi know it yet ?' " He dots." Was he there to-nioht—up at Woodlands, in spite of his nasty old aunts i" " Yes, he was there." Eleanor looked anxiously, almost piteously, at Laura, The great disappointment, the death- blow of every hope, was coming down upon her: and Eleanor, who could see the hand uplifted to strike, and the cruel knife bar.-d ready to inflict the fatal stab, shivered as she thought of the misery the thoughtless girl must have to suffer. liut what can her misery be against my father's," she thought, "and how am I accountable for her sorrow ? It is all Launcelot Darnell's work j it is his wicked work from first to last." " And do you think he will have the for- tune i" Laura asked. " 1 dou't know, my dear," her guardian answered, gravely, " but I think it matters very little either to you or me whether he may get the fortune or not" " What do you mean?" cried the girl, "how strangely you speak; how cruelly and coldly you speak of Launcelot, just as if yoa didn't care whether he was rich or poor. Oh, good heavens," she shrieked, suddenly growing wild with terror, " why do you both look at me like that ? Why do you both look so anxious? I know that something dreadful has happened. Something has happened to Launcelot! It's not Mr. de Crespjgnv, it's Launcelot that's dead!" " 2fo, no, Laura, he is not dead. It would be bettor perhaps if he were. He is not a good man, Laura, and he can never be your hus band." " Oh, I don't care a bit about his not being good, as long as he isn't dead," exclaimed Laura. "I never eaid he was good, and never wanted him to be good. I'm not good; for I don't like going to church three times every Sunday. The idea of your saying my poor dear Launcelot mustn't marry me because he isn't good ! I like him to be a little wicked like the Giaour, or Manfred—though goodness gracious only knows what he'd done that he should go on as he did—I never asked him to be good. Goodness wouldn't go well with his style of look?. It's fair people, with wishy washy blue eyes and straight hair, and no ©ye brows or eyelashes in particular, that are generally good. I. hate good people, and if you don't let me marry Launcelot Davrell now, I shall many him when Tin of age, aud that'll be in three years' time." Miss Mason said all this with great vehemence and indignation, and then walked to words the door of the room ; but Eleanor stopped her, and caught the slender little figure in her anns., " Ah 3 Lrn, Laura," she cried, " you must listen tons, you must hear us, my poor darling. I know it seems very cruol to speak against the man you love, but it would he fifty times more cruel to let you marry him/and leave you to discover afterwards/ when your life was linked to hie, and never, never could be a liappy life again if parted from him, that he was unworthy of your love. If it is terrible to be told this now, Laura, it would bo a thousand times more terrible to hear it then, Come with me to your room, dear j I will stay with you all to-night. I will tell yon all ,1 know about L&uncelot; Darrell : I ought to have told you before, perhaps; but JC waited'.; I waited for whatlib^in tp^ii^jmll nfevertsowe,? "I won't believe anything against him,' cried Laura, passionately, disengaging herself from Eleanor's embrace; " I won't listen to you. I won't hoar a word. I know why you don't want me to many him. Yon were in love with him yourself, you know you were, and you're jealous of me, and you want to prevent my being happy with him." Of all the unlucky speeches that could have been made in the presence of Gilbert Monckton, this wa ; perhaps the most unlucky. He started as if lie had been stung, aiid rising from his seat near the tire, took a lighted candle from a side table, and walked to the door. " I really can't endure all this," he said. " Eleanor, I'll leave you with Laura. Say what you lisve to say about Launcelot Darrell, and for pity's sake let, me never hear his name again. Good night." The two girls were left alrne together. Laura had thrown herself upon a sofa, and was subbing viuleutlv. Eleanor stood a few paces livw her, lo.-king at her with the same tender and companionate cxpiession with whieh she had regarded I her from the !irsf. " When 1 tee your troubles, Laura," she said, " I almost, forget my own. My poor dear child, G»d 1;nows how truly I pity you." " But I d n't want your pity," cried Laura. I shall hat ; you if you s;iy anything against Launcelot. Why should anybody pity me ? I am engage 1 to the man I love, the only man I ever loved—you know that, Eleanor ; you know how 1 fell in love with him directly he came to H;u e\vo.«l,—ami I will marry him in spite of all the world. I shall be of age in three year.-, mid then no horrid guardians can prevent my doing what I like !" " But you would not marry him, Laura, if you knew him to be a bad man " I would never believe that he is a bad in I" " But, my darling, you will listen to me. I must tell you the truth. I hive kept it from you t.long. I have been very guilsy in keeping it from you. I ought to have told you when I first came back to Tolldale." " What ought you to have told me t" " The story of my life, Laura. But I thought you would come between me and the victory I wanted to achieve." " What victory t" " A victory over the man who caused my father's death." Then, little by little, interrupted by a hundred exclamations and protestations from the sobbing girl whose head lay on her shoulder, and whose waist was encircled by her arm, Eleanor Monckton told the story of her return to Paris, the meeting on the Boulevard, and George Vane's suicide. Little by little she contrived to explain to the wretched girl who clung about her, and who declared again and again that she would not believe anything against Launcelot, that she could not think him cruel or treacherous,—how the artist and his vile associate, Victor Bourdon, had cheated the old man out of the money which represented his own honor and the future welfare of his child.^ " You think me hard and merciless, Laura," she cried, " and I sometimes wonder at my own feelings; but remember, only remember what my father suffered, lie was cheated out of the money that had been entrusted to him. He was afraid to face his own child. Oh, my poor dear, how could you wrong me so cruelly," she murmured, in a low voice, as if addressing her dead father, " how could you think that 1 should have spoken one word of reproach, or loved you any the less, if yon liad lost a dozen fortunes of mine ? No, Laura, I cannot forget what my father suffered; I cannot be merciful to this man." Eleanor's task was a very liard one. Laura would not believe; that is to say, she would not acknowledge that she believed ; but she had none of the calm assurance which a perfect aud entire faith in her lover should have given her. It was uselesss to reason with her. All Eleanor's logic was powerless against the passionate force of this girl's perpetual cry, the gist of which was " I will believe no harm of him! I love him, and I will not cease to love him!" {To be continued.) 