\- - --- - - ' THE CONVENT SCHOOL ; t ,, .-i:-: or; : . i,, Cloister,- Spiders and Protestant Plies- r-dJ.-iu .i-.viv,- .CHARTKRI. :;;'jr;;!pfcTH'E; CHILDREN. On a bright, warm ' Sabbath in April three girls are to. -be -consecrated, with others, to the Virgin. The families to which theBe girls belong are by no means ordinary people. They have wealth, social position, and what is called education. 1 They pride themselves on their reputable birth,, high breeding and descent from "good families." They do not trace their ancestral line back to Adam, for that any poor sinner may do, and by his very sinfulness prove his' paternity. The roots of their family tree take hold on the Conquest ; they had once a little "de" in the family, and they speak with infinite satisfaction of Norman blood. They belong to highly respectable society— in short, to the very creme de la crime of American city life— and are not to be set aside as nobodies because they become perverts to Rome. Rome says she tolerates and loves her dear Profestant children — she longs to take and cherish them in her maternal bosom — and the history of these two families may illustrate the sincerity of her professed loving regard. A majority of these households — once unhappy heretics in Rome's estimation— have been art fully, drawn within the fold of "the only true Church," and, with the love and zeal common to proselytes, the works of their spiritual Mother they do. (Not content with dedicating their children to the Lord, like devout Papists they would also consecrate them to the Virgin Mary. "' These two families reside in two fine brick houses that face each other on one of the "best" streets of the city. ;:Let us enter one of these homes. It is a weU- a>PPinted house indeed, with marble steps and portico, square hall of entrance with marble arid ' stained glass in plenty, broad inner haU arid 'staircase furnished in the highest style of the upholsterer's art,, and through this we will S'ass'up to a large front room. This can be . one 'much more easily than you could find your way through the involved relationships of irf® family here abiding. This front room is occupied by the two daughters of the house— two of the three girls introduced to us at the opening of the chapter. It is a charming apart ment— the bed high overarched with a canopy of crimson silk, the mirror reaching from floor to .ceiling, the toilette-table perfect in its Various appliances. Oh the toilette-table lay a box from the milliner's, holding discord all un suspected, and on the bed are carefully displayed '."hipgj undisturbed folds of two dresses of White alpaca with' satin pipings. J,' opposite corners of ' this room are the duplicate emblerhs of . this family's creed. In each, suspended by a heavy gilt cord, hangs an j e of clloice workmanship, this frame Bed with black velvet, and the velvet serving as h rich relief '. to the pearl crucifix fastened upon it. Beneath this framed crucifix stands a rosewood table with a top of sandal- wood mosaic ; on : the table a breviary bound in scarlet, an open dish of fragrant hot-house flowers, a rotary whose beads— strange fate !— were cut from lava flung from the fiery heart of Vesuvius, and most precious of all, a vial of water dipped from the Tiber and blessed by the Pope. The furnishing of these two corners did not differ save in the embroidery on two small chairs and footstools before the tables. As we shall learn from the satin paperhox which came from "Mrs. Deane, Fashionable Milliner," if the corners had differed trouble would have sprung therefrom: The apartment is provided with two dressing- rooms. A tidy lady's maid, in waiting, has placed a chair in front of the mirror and stands behind it, brush and comb in hand, ready to begin her work whenever a subject shall present herself. And now, almost simultaneously, from each dressing-room walks a girl of four- teen. They are pretty creatures, with their faces fresh from the bath, their damp hair falling over plump white necks, their slippered _ feet peeping from the lace, tucks and cambric of their skirts. The girl with curly auburn hair steps the quicker and seats herBelf in the chair before the mirror. The brown-haired damsel shrugs her shoulders and looks about for a book. The maid hands her a dressing-sacque and a small red volume, whereupon she establishes herself on a hassock and begins to study as if she had no other object in life. "Give me my Catechism too, Lucy," says miss in the chair; "I'm sure I've forgotten every solitary word of it. Do you know yours, Grace?" _ "Don't bother me, Adelaide," replies Grace, with indifference, though it would have been shorter to say " yes " or " no." Adelaide now addressed her maid : ".Lucy, how many times do you suppose you have said the ' Hail Mary ?' " "Oh my, miss, a million at least; it's just tacked on to everything. As, of course, is proper." "Grace, I wonder what Lilly intends to wear !" " Oh, clothes," said Grace, rattling over ques tion and answer. "ThiB tiresome Catechism slips out of my mind so fast." " I'm surel've learned it fifty times perfectly. Lucy, put on my shoes before you do Grace's hair. Mind, Lucy, that you put our white shoes in the bag ; it would be dreadjtil to get there without them." "Not half so dreadful as not to know what we are to do or say," said Grace. "Yes it would," persisted Adelaide; "the idea of getting up there before all the folks in the cathedral with black shoes on ! Why I wouldn't for a kingdom ; I had rather not be consecrated. I'll teU you what I would do. Father Murphy 'd have to wait until Lucy ran after the shoes !" Grace opened her eyes and the maid was hor rified at this astounding assertion. Adelaide was delighted with the effect of her remarks. She toBged her well-curled head and reiterated "1 certainly would, and if he didn't wait I'd ; turn heretic and join the Methodists." "You'll have to confess that, Adelaide Grant." "Bah !" said Adelaide, ungenteelly, resigning her chair in favor of Grace. "I'U confess just what I please." " But you know what the Catechism says : If we conceal a thing' at confession we ' commit great sin by telling a lie to the Holy Ghost, and make our confession nothing worth."' "Pooh, pooh, pooh!" cried Adelaide, gayly spinning about on one toe until her skirts stood out like those of a " fate lady." " Why Gracie do you suppose the Catechism meanB all it sayB ?" " Of course it doeB," replied Grace, sedately, submitting to have her hair onriously braided by the skillful Lucy. Meanwhile, we are sorry to say that although it was Sabbath, and she on the eve of taking part in a religious act, our Adelaide pirouetted about the room, practising the last new airs and graces learned from her dancing-master, and, in her present ballet costume, much to her own satisfaction. " For shame, Adelaide !" said the serious Grace; "you had better be saying your prayers." "Oh, they're all done !" cried the flippant child. " I did them all before I got out of bed thiB morning." "Miss Grace always says hers devoutly at her prie Dieu," said Lucy. "Ah, yes ; but I'm afraid I'll wear out my prie Dieu. I would not spend another three months working one for a fortune. I made so many mistakes that Sister Cecelia was as cross as two sticks." " A Sister cross !" cried Lucy. " To be sure : they're folks like the rest of us. and why not let them have the satisfaction of getting cross?" and Adelaide danced into the dress her maid was holding out to her, while Grace quietly put on her own. " Do you think," cried Adelaide, with the air of one asking infor mation of deep interest, "that these dresses are as handsome as the ones we wore at confirma tion last year ?" " Why, yes," replied Luoy, weighing the matter carefully. " Grace, what do you suppose there will be for us to do— in the church I mean— next year? Last year was confirmation ; this year is conse cration ; what next ?" " You might take the veil," suggested the un wary Lucy. Adelaide threw up her hands and uttered a queer little exclamation ; then, preserving the tragic attitude, flew to the mirror : " Grace, as sure as you're alive, this is just the way Madame Virginie acted in Athalie the other night. I be lieve I was born for an actress. If there's noth ing to do in the church next year, I think I'll go on the stage." " Oh, Miss Adelaide, you'U never he dressed if you will not keep stiU ; do let me put on your sash ;" and Lucy opened the luckless box on the table and took out two rolls of rich ribbon. The quick-eyed girls uttered an exclamation, and each laid hold of the satin sash. " I'U have this," said Grace, in her incisive, way; "No Grace Kemp, I must have it. The satin is mine." " Your mother thought them alikA Miss,. Adelaide; this watered ribbon is handsomer," cried Lucy. "Not with satin shoes and pipings. I'U have the satin. Do give it up Grace." You always want, me to give it up !" ex claimed Grace, " hut this time I shall not. I'm a month older than you, and I have as much right to the satin sash as you have." "Miss Adelaide, you will be late to the cathedral," interposed Lucy. "Wouldn't you let me put on this watered ribbon ? — I'm sure it's a beauty." "No, not if I never go there ; I teUyou I won't wear that thing " cried Adelaide, stamp ing her foot. "Not dressed yet, girls? why, what is the matter?" said a lady who now entered the room. She was like Adelaide in features and com plexion, a little faded by her forty years ; a very precise and finished woman of the world, whose eyes were mild and of a light hazel, and whose chin retreated just a very little. " Why didn't you buy our sashes alike?" cried Adelaide, rudely. "The sashes, ma'am — they both want the satin one," explained Lucy. " How very careless of Madame Barry !" said Mrs. Kemp, taking a sash in either white, jewelled hand, and looking uncertainly at the m1o " I think, ma'm, that you'U have to send for another," said Grace, coolly, " for neither of us wUl wear that one." "But this is Sunday morning, my child, and madame's store is shut. Adelaide, my dear, let Grace have the sash she wants." "I'll stay home from church first," said Adelaide. " Grace, I'm sure you wiU not mind ; let Adelaide have this' satin ribbon to oblige me, my love." "I'm for ever asked to give up to Adelaide. I have aB good a right to my Own way as she." " That is true. Adelaide, what will Sister Cecelia say if you are late, for a silly quarrel? I wish she were here to manage you." " I don't care what she says, and I sha'n't he managed by anybody," retorted Adelaide. Mrs. Kemp looked from one girl to the other in despair, and then at the clock. But now Lucy turned to Grace : — " I'm sure, miss, when you are' so well pre pared, and know all your questions, and you such a favourite of Father Murphy, and you to be consecrated to our Blessed Lady, you will not quarrel with your sister about a bit of sash, who knows not nearly so much religion as you do, nor can say her prayers and her questions to equal you. You might set her a good ex ample, miss, as a child of our Blessed Lady should." This was but a disjointed exhortation, to be sure, but Grace had had time to change her mind. She held out her hand for the despised sash. "Thank you, Grace!" says Mrs. Kemp, quite relieved. " Now, daughter Adelaide, I hope you are satisfied." " I always am satisfied when I have my own way," replied Adelaide, unabashed. " Indeed, Miss Grace," said Lucy,, "you're a true child of our Lady, and don't misdoubt you'll be like your holy aunt, — our— mother of the Immaculate Heart of Mary." "Yes. yes," cried Adelaide, her sash now properly bowed, "do let us see how you would look, Grace ;" and catching up a cambric hand kerchief she pulled it about her sister's face, and wrapped a black veil above it, after the fashion of a nun's headgear. " Gracious, child, you look like the ' Mother ' to the life !" " Oh, Miss Adelaide, your sister's hair ! — you will have it mussed sol must do it over !" cried. Lucy. "Let me alone, Adelaide; how Billy yon are !" said Grace. "Adelaide, pray act like a lady," remon strated the mother. After all this folly and bustle consuming the morning of the day claimed by the Creator as His own, Mrs. Kemp, Grace and Adelaide were ready to set out for the cathedral, Lucy follow ing with the satchel containing white wreaths for the girls' heads and white shoes for their feet. Much did Lucy think of the rite in which her young ladies were to participate. To her simple mind it was something that should lift them out of their common life and make them sacred, as were the treasures of old laid up in the ark of God. , . As for the girls, they were troubled with no such serious reflections. Adelaide being dressed to her taste, was in exuberant spirits, while Grace walked with more than her usual dignity and self- consciousness, for to herself she seemed the centre of the little ceremony— we had almost written comedy — which was to be performed before the admiring throng in the cathedral. But how that we have Grace and Adelaide safely started toward the cathedral, we must go back a little in point of time and see what has been going on in the "fine brick house" opposite Mr. Kemp's. ThiB house was the home of Judge Schuyler. Lilly Schuyler was being dressed in a white costume, even more rich and elaborate than that of her youthful neighbours. She was a delicate looking girl, with hair of the palest flaxen hue, shining and soft, and curling about her neck. She had the large, dreamy eyes, the transparent complexion and the mobile mouth of an enthu siast, looking more like the ideal of angel or fairy on a painter's canvas than a veritable being of flesh and blood. Yet there were two or three lines and touches of expression on her face that showed she might be resolute as impressionable. Her room looked almost as much like a little chapel or oratory as a young girl's ' apartment.. Besides the crucifix, holy water, flowers and prie-Dieu , where she might properly say her prayers, there was a shrine sacred to the Virgin Mary, whereon stood a large doll dressed in white Bilk, with . a spangled blonde cloak, a small silver diadem oh its head, Lilly's b'eBt chain and locket about its neck, and her one jewel, a small diamond pin, shiuing, on its un- Btirring bosom. The image was our. Blessed Lady, patroness, not only of Lilly Schuyler, but of the Holy Church, and chosen by our Fsmier of Rome as >tho patroness of America— said America being yet but a sprawling .heretical infant, yet expected by our aforesaid Father to grow up as a good many other infants have done,' to zeilohs and obedient popish matffiood. About Lilly's, room hung twelve small paint ings, the twelve stations, which hang in churches and are preached about in Lent. There was also hung opposite her bed a fine oil-painting of Our Lady of Seven Sorrows. : There was another lady in Lilly's room, who seemed more truly sorrowful than the. Lady who held the. heart with seven arrows in it in the picture. The living lady sat by a window looking into the street, one hand lying listlessly in her lap, the other holding a handkerchief, wherewith she now and then wiped the tears . that rolled silently down her cheeks. This 1 lady was Lilly's mother, and Lilly and her maid frequently glanced toward her — the maid, Hannah, with eyes of respectful commiseration, Lilly with mingled anxiety and obstinacy. Lilly passively submitted to be dressed, giving no heed to the matter at all ; unlike Grace and Adelaide, she was occupied entirely with the religious part of the morning exercises ; her little hands told over her rosary, while her lips moved rapidly, and one moment she looked at the crucifix and the next at the shrine of the ' Virgin.' Glancing often at her mother, various emotions contended in her face' as she saw that. mother's grief. "How bad your ma do feel, Miss Lilly !" said Hannah under her breath. Lilly sighed and looked at her Virgin. ' ' "She's breaking her heart, Miss Lilly, and ' you all the child she has. Don't you do it, : miss." ' 'f V'V'i "Hush, Hannah. Am I dressed? Well; then, you may go and wait for me in the hall. " ' f Thus Lilly was left alone with her mother. '. She stole up to her and touched her arm ;"I' am all dressed, mother." , ; > There was no response. " Won't you look at me ?" asked Lilly, ttemu- !. louBly. . The lady turned and gazed with tearful eyes at the little white-robed figure by her side. . "Lilly," she said, you will break my heart.".' " What, mother ! just by being consecrated to the Virgin?" "No, but this is only one step among the. many that shall take you from me for ever." '. "No, Mother!" cried Lilly, clasping' her" hands and her e\ es growing radiant in her en- , thuBiasm ; "you shall come with me ; you shall1 come into the true Church, where father and X' are. This makes me more ready to go, so thafc you will come too, mother." "No," said Mrs. Schuyler, "I shall never turn in my trouble to that Church which has separated me. from my child— that Church which has taken from me my dearest treasure.. Child as you are, Lilly, do you belong to 'me any more? Have not priests and nuns come between you and your mother ? After all these years, when you have been my one thought, do you not go to those whom you call your Mother and your Sisters, and trust them ihstead.of me and follow their counsel to disobey me, and leave me lonely that you may spend your time with them ? And so it will be until I am a' lonely old woman, without a daughter or a com fort in all the world." Lilly was weeping too. "I do love yon, mother ; I do trust you. I wiU not leave you alone in the world," she sobbed. "Yes, Lilly, and this very moment there ia one of your nuns waiting for you . in the parlour, to take you to a ceremony which I think both idle and wicked, and from which I have be sought you to turn." " But father allows me, mother," said Lilly. "Yes, Father Murphy is setting against ma both husband and child. He tells you, LiUy— for whom I have lived and hoped these fourteen years— that I am a heretic and unfit to guide you, and he counsels your father to take you from my influence ;" and the excited and un happy woman bowed her face to her lap and. wept bitterly. " Miss Lilly," said Hannah at the door, " Saint Cecelia says you must come or you will be late." "Good-bye, mother," said Lilly, and getting no reply, kissed the back of her mother's bowed neckband then with a humble reverence to our Lady's shrine, as if passing a royal presence,' Lillyleft theroom. Saint Cecilia was a small, shriveled, clear- voiced woman, in coarse black dress, broad black apron reaching to the hem of her, gown, a rosary at her waist, a kerchief about he colour less face and , a , black hood on her head, her whole garb being nnsuggestive of the saintly, except to prejudiced minds. " What is my dear child crying about?" asked the nun. " Mother feels so dreadfully," gasped Lilly. . " You must' not mind that," said the Sister as they left the house ; "this may help to your mother's conversion." " She mournB so that you are all taking me away from her," said Lilly, sadly. "If she were a good Catholic, and not a heretic, she would rejoice over that; we. must mortify the - desires and affections of the flesh said the sympathetic Sister. She said I am breaking her. heart,'' cried Lilly ; " and oh, Saint Cecelia, suppose I am- — suppose my dear mother should die ?" " Then I dare say that our prayers would, cause her to die in the Holy Catholic faith ;;and of course you know, dear child, that it is better- to die a Catholic than to live a heretic." ( To be continued. ) 