ENTERTAINMENTS. THE 1HEATBE8, fto. On Saturday night last Mrs. Scott-Siddons appeared as Joliet-at the Theatre Royal, and she has pi*jedit nighUy dnriBg the week.to houses which have fchown themselves, op the whole, well satisfied with her performance. And Indeed,1 although joa would not regaM her Juliette an perfect and without fault, it has so many good qualities that the faultadonotshow themsdves with an over* mastering promtrienoe. As might be expected after seeing her jioealind, her Jnliefs merits consist of a certain general refinement of manner, which, ifitdoes not occasion tumultuous delight phases at any rate by its freedom from detects of a pointed description. The curious habit she has of fafawfag, - or at least of unduly lengthening some of the vowel sounds in speaklnft show* itself not leas conspicuously thahjn&eiormer; representation; but in tbktertanoe <jlsb It ta relieved hy brief instance of a manner perfectly natural* But her deficiency in respect of emotional power.ismuch more manifest, inasmuch as thereto all the greater oecaafau for ha em ployment She is. seen, therefore, to the greatest advantage in the early portions of thejpby, and before the tragic passages have beef reached. Thus, in the balcony scene lihelis very pleasing, because, although the situation requires the exhibition of much fedlng, the feeling is of a joyous kind, and does not demand for its expression attributes other , than those which are associated with what it tender and agreeable. But when the time comes for the portrayal of strongly passionate feeling, it is impossible not to con* fess that with the best intention to express i^ there is an absence of power which causes the development of the passion to fall short of what the drcumstanoes demand. That Mrs. Scott-Sid dons correctly estimates the nature of the character of Juliet and that she has formed of it a right conception, no one, I think, can doubt As far as her powers enable her, die denotes it very truly. Brittle with acting as with musical, Instru. mentsr-yon oannot out of a lute, get the volume, and grandeur of sound given forth from a cathedral organ. The air may bp the same, and the skill with which it is executed 'may be unquestionable. but the'effect upon the listener is altogether of a different kind On the other band, there is no doubt of Mrs. 8oott-Siddon»' genuine earnestness. From fjisttolast although the manner be of that -hind* trhofee completeness is principally due to an intelligent cultivation of art the spirit in whichthe art is made to show itself ig dramatioallygenuine. There may not be that entire #Jiffpdon with this spirif, out of which thebfgheetfonnsof dramatic expresoionare developed, butit Is quite good of its ordea There fono fault of meaning or interpreta tion ip the acting.' We have clearness and transparent, if not much depth. To carry out the figure, there is fluency and motion - andri^ple In it The interest t£erefore,is well unnerved. Yon are never wearied, neveraotnally disappointed. Thai is to (ay,' yonare pot disappointed if y0n do not fix your expectations too high. You have siven youa (good outline of the character, andif it is .not jon a large scale, and if the coloursare : not etrong and in striking contract frou may take negative comfort by remembering, that this Is a _ ***** ,"?! line is ill-proportioned, the oolow^3 and the treatment il Siddona' best scenes in thj- Eg were the balconysoetae, and Norae when she comeefrom ftbmet.* last the merit waBehoirn leea |a ^, particulars from those n«u*llPw than In communicating to tw tain subtle delicacy, whloh ^elpe? meaning the better. /The'ac may be taken as a sample of. ception; that is to say, Mrs. therein makes clear the stroDglyafo nature of Juliet, whose very Hfo j* hang upon tbe words brought to her Sl lover. This absorbing love? indeed wm? to show itself all through the pertoml. and the result was an embodiment^ character in mote excellent ^pios^f true meaning, than is commonly Of the disoerning carewfth whlohthi! was detailed, inrespect of; what ia coL, henBively described as make.gt>, be said in the way of praise.. Siddons did a great deal io W tiietiL tion in accepting the iUusion twai«M^ I need hardly say how miAMttfiSfi pends upon the care which is«xpenfai&! patticnlarsof this sort.,, Mr. Dampier on this occasion ritM Romeo. It Is now snpfsrflnoas to nvS whatever Mr. Dampier plays is nududi care, intelligence, and diSbemniii therefore, so far as these qualities help him to make the chaiaottf completed it.. Nevertheless, hardly tank in point o{ exoelhmnTwa Hamlet. It wants tfinriflmpwi and that sort of elegant insouciance. wKs^ over strong feeling. I lutdly Mr, Dampier will ever one of his best ^arts. Ht -A, Mercutio, whfeh'. he played, aoiuTy' remember, for the first tjaw-twiii, fflm does, distinguished byaregardforthe ing of the part. Consequently, ie'Jx. . into good relief the eaey.hapby, position of the character, andpreeerrei well to the end. Of Mr. Grevflle't Pets vould be impossible to 4ay other tbatiti at good as it alwaystar heap, anj m kopw how good that is. He made tea i hutaour ooze out aspleasaatmoieture outW a mellow apple. Mr; '^tdi&t;^i and^r. Deorwyn, as Cfcpulet and Mont respectively,, showed how' possible ft U make w mar, according a* an actor ttiinta hitDBen or of the character. Mi, (p thought only of the part he )iad to thy, therefon played It welL Mr. I)i ' thought-W at least seemed to -of Mr.VDeorwyn, and in gave a goo* deal of lb; JJebrwyn, and little of Sjgnor Montague. ?. Il^uae mark will nit inaptly appgrto Air. Gefton Tybalt, still iaore eo toMr.Boltou u and perhaps k little lets ib to Mr. & Benvolio. BrtL Bryet ie&mhkrty; have made upfcer mind how irite «n play the Norse Vbut Miss Maggie has quite made i^ niod howaia to play Lady Cfepoht, onlyahe tasavie her mind the wrotig way. Nobgdjaa stage looked better than Mtoslfii Stewart, and if it Wete possible to tphiii self to the belief thafLady Gapulet " resembled Miss Maggie Stewart, could be better than \jber fcepreeen' For a piece of good, sdid, genuine the Friar Lawrenoe<1 .Mr. !<» was as satisfactory aa'anything I lately seen; and for great tare in the most of a -'feat pe&jHarly; ing character, Mr. Taylor.asihe merits most favourable mention. Thus far of theaetors. Oftheaudtoa is dm, from tbe timnwed attendant the week, tba$ the preeentation jot , speaie with anything Iflcea reasonttiK i ment of the characters, will canaeW to tender their nippoil Ntyhintf more thorough than the Jntapstj every stage of the performanoeon night, 6f ahouseao fall tbata goel. were fain toatand,but who seemed tow enoufh tofetand, m they might eee what was done amlsrtL Mia Melville plated her last toft* sent it the Opera-house on S§tard^,:j Moncay Mr. EmnieV i^ppeared to '!. His Nosptlfflr wis very demonirtt ^ -cordial, and the *pplanse a»d laiigU« through the perfotmanoe, were ol a whick not only expresses ^solute p!s but tie gratificattOQ experienced froim sure renewed. Nobodr oan; «y ho*i Mr. Emmet is gping to make "Frit* 3 again but he oertainly began on MoniWi if he bad up his miWi another eleven waeks of it. I thjflk! principal aecwfc p rf Mn -Emmet*, cess, In a piece which has nothing' ever lo recommend 4t on the .oore< own«ierit8.4ahisiierfeoteMe and repos*. He^miioSto^thin*^^ wtthoat effort effect .than if lie ma4e a. KTe«t deiM effort Wiiboal,oomte( :j^at of tlfe l" woirb moirethan the aitaHUJd-endB tte Meoemsy explain, j^»4sk4P, completely 'into hiroonfideiMJe. pe j then, ^n fact, whe» seeming to address M1001 ^ sxpreased variously "pbyhiB^a gndatMy#f , | iD Unction oi "Fntjs" has neceasi *y«rSSSil».Don* Mr.W. to £ now playa Colonel Crafton, and G.' with excellently artistic villany. Mr. 'ft! side takes Grim, the part formerly ^ a hv Mr Sefton, bat in trying to do too *p1Wt S Res wore than is needed. Mrs. Foxt happy m Moppy, and Miss Sara Ford, Sh uttle more repose, would be equally " jDHa. Miss Ford has many per. 3 qualifications for parte whew «ood ffs are essential, and as she is bright, Intelligent, and remarkably piquaute, it nnld seem as it she wanted opportunity _i_ ^ mBke for herself a place and a name a the stage. Miss Wooldridge played Louisa *tha v-err notable effect It is not often at Miss Wooldridge gets an opportunity_of oing anything requiring serious acting, bat a representation of this character shows at she is moBt creditably equal to the .casion when it comes. _ She took, as she al MB doeb, great pains with her coatume, and ade the part,therefore,all the more interest c in consequence. Another piece Is in paration, entitled "Jan; or, the New rmani" hut if "Fritz" is going on as it ent on before, "Our Cousin German" vrill ot require to be replaced by " The New era an." The Fakir of Oolu has re-opened with St. rge'e-hall cleaned, painted, generally rated, and with some novelties behind e curtain as well as in front OI these tter the principal is a ghost-drama, or Mr. Walch, the author, calls it, a arietta, the interest of which is repre* nted by the Pepper illusion. A not alto, tber unsuccessful endeavour was made to duce this effect some time ago, bat this v produced far transcends the first at> pt. The figures are as distinct as if the ginals themselves were seen. The little -ma includes the old story of a bold dier, for a wager of £500, consenting t> the night in a haunted castle. Here he B the ghosts of a monk, two demons, and ouog lady. The monk bids him wed the mbodied young lady, and promises untold gold if he will do so. consents, and the young lady is will. . But another demon is not willing hould have the gold, and so racks him all manner of tortures for trying to take Finally he wakes, as is the wont of Je who dream of hon-ors. It is wonder well done, and the several actors con ed in it Buatain their parts most teli y. e othernovelty is a Cabinet of the Davin Brothers' pattern. I never saw those cal impostors, the Davenports; bat lean noeive of their spirits doing the myjteri cabinet business better than the Bikir'e tsdoit, e fountain has. been brought nearer to footlights, and is now more beautiful ever. The intervals aw filled Miss Fleming and Mr. Howard who ting-one songs of sentiment^ the Dutch conge. Altogether it is a most nt entertainment, and one may pass onrs with the Fakir as agreeably as a capacious desire for enjoyment might concert at the Town-hall on Saturday although lessened of its other vise uveness by the absence pf Miss Chris w>«a very agreeable musical gathering, ^tterand Mrs, S my the were both in vote, and Miss Htts, Mr. West, and mwe did their work with more than Mr. Dnboulay's ooncerfcina-playiag to bq heard once to evoke a craving ®ore of it. He has advanced tfrsl; «nt into the regions of poetry. ^ Udies and gentle w» Metropolitan Liedertafel, which m; 8t Athenanm on Tuesday wm one of the beat (bis excellent has ever given. For not to M B0!0te*8' Cutter, Mr. -?J Mr. Angus, and Mr. Lamble, 01 the «>cl«ty, t?,tiuuik heaven for. admirable arrangement ol fttHtth* ' When Sorrow Sleepeth* rg JFf* "^delicacy that lavished T * tlie listeners. The "win. wine with; * & n? R-P°0r Joke o f2? Supenoe" was made to 0f «*. Guenetfa V ol tiM . ght 8(114 which, . and « ! a2* *paoe» remain in h.Jt! r' Here's condaoting, whan T °?nnerion with tbis! TA.HITE. 