THE GHOST THAT JIM SAW. BY BRI;T HAUTE. " Why, as to that," said the engineer, " Ghosts ain't tilings we are apt to fear, Spirits don't fool with levers much, And throttle-valves don't take to such; And as for Jim— What happened to him Was one half fact and t'other half whim ! " Running one night on tbe line, he saw A house—as plain as the moral law— Just as the moonlit .bank, and thence Came a drunken man with no more sense Tlian to drop on the rail, Flat as a flail, As Jim drove by with the midnight mail. " Down went the patents. Steam reversed. Too late! for there came a'Thud,' Jim cursed. As his fireman, there in the cab with him, ' ,. Kinder started in the face of Jim, And says '-What now ?' Says Jim,' What now! I've just run over a inan—that's how!' "The fireman stared at Jim. They ran Back, but they never found house nor man— Nary a shadow within a mile, Jim turned pale, but he tried to smile- Then on he tore, Ten mile or more, In quicker time than he'd made afore. " Would you believe it !-the very next night Up rose that house in the moonlight white; Up comes the chap and drops as before. Down goes the brakes, and the rest encore— And so, in fact, Each night that act Occurred, till folks thought Jim was cracked. "Humph ' Let me see ; it'i a year now, most, That I met Jim, east, and says 'How's your ghost 1' ' Gone,' says Jim ;' and more, its plain That ghost don't trouble .me again ; . I thought I shook That ghost when I took A place on an Eastern line—but look : What should I meet the first trip out, But that very house that we talked about. And that . self-same mail! " Well," ays I, "I guess It's time to stop this yer foolishness." So I crammed on steam, When there came a scream From my firemen—and it broke my dream'— ' , j- You've killed somebody !' Says 1, 'Notmuchj.V: 1; ^ I've been thar often and thar ein'tno such, /' '• And now I'll prove it." 'Bade "we ran, And—darn my skin !—but thar was a man On the rail, dead, Smashed in the head— Now I call.that. meanness !" That's all Jim said. 