"';' '. 'r.ll ME.. PARKES* DECLARATION. ; ,... Mb Parkes has, as it would seem, reaohoda new point of departure on the eduoation question 'But, making every aliowanoe for the exoitoment of the moment, the speeoh he made after the division last Wednesday night, is an eminently .silly speech. It must be added to the many foolish things he has done within the last two years,-things whiob have shaken publio confi- dence in him, and have impaired his power of publio usefulness. It is a silly speeoh, beoause he gives reasons for his future course, which way or may not be a wiso one and a proper one. We have Mr. Parkes' own opinion for the belief that the reasons men give for conclusions in themselves just and fair are invariably imperfeot or inadequate, and Mr. Parkes' little speech is the most recent illustration' of that axiom. None of the reasons are good, none are defensible: they are childish, un- dignified, insufficient to warrant the decision he has announced. Silence would have been thesafest course. A hasty, ill-oonBidered speeoh will be j stored up in memory and used as if it had been a deliberate, well-weighed ntteranoo, and no excuses will be made for the operation of disap- pointment or disgust-whatever was the motive. These few foolish words will be made binding, although they ought not t¡> be binding, for after all their preoise meaning is not wholly apparent. It is not fair to give them the weight that a oaltnor declaration would justly carry, and it is unfortunate that Mr. Parkes should have spoken them, because any declara- tion of his on the question, however vague or hasty it may be, has a significance attaohed to it, whioh the words of lest prominent men would not bear. There is an aoousation in the speech, how- ever, whioh is not open to the excuse that it was hurriedly made, because it is the repetition of a oharge already preferred under circumstan- ces of deliberation. Mr. Parkes taxes the De- nomination »lists with being traitors to their cause. We take leave to differ from that view. They are politic, not traitorous. We imagine them reasoning thus : There is a growing feel- ing in the country against further State aid to church schools. This bill, it is true, contains a principle hostile to church schools. But we are in the majority in the present Parliament, and as the Government will not withdraw the bill if this hostile prinoiple is swept away, we had better vote for the Beoond reading, that we may have the measure in our hands to alter as we please, rather than rejeot it, and lose our last chance of saving that small share of State support which we now eDJoy. And if the desired ohaDge oan be m ado in committee, wo are sure of the third reading. When the question has been settled, the ehanees are against its early reopening. These are the thoughts whieh must have been present to the minds of those Denominationalists who voted for the second reading on Wednesday night. The vote was a sham, taken as a recognition of any principle of the bill. Truo, suoh a course requires the apology usually offered for similar tortuous courses in love and in war. It is not honest conduot.. It is not plain dealing. It is suoh a stratagem as a straightforward man would grieve to disoover a too olever son guilty of, and for which he would punish him severely. And the best that oan be said for it is that the end justi- fies the means. The Government is the greatest oui prit. The bill, deficient in definable prinoiple, oauses defeotion in prinoiple in those who have to do with it. And its shapelessness, its adaptabloness to every opinion, explain the narrow majority the Government secured. With its provisions looking to every point of the political compass, with the arrange- ment by whioh, poor thing, it is abandoned in oommittee to a state of orphanhood, with its susceptibility to change, its career and ita place in history will be like the olond, with whioh Hamlet humbugged Polonius. Or like a form of mist whioh every breath of the morning air changes so rapidly, that the keenest eye, and quickest imagination cannot fix the fleeting out line. Or like the ghost of Junius as described by Byron : But as you gazed upon its features, they Changed every instant-to toha!, none could say. The moment that you had pronounced him one Presto 1 his face changea, and he was another; And when that chance was hardly well put on, It varied, till I don t think his own mother (Ii that he bad a mother) would her son Hare known, he shifted so from one to t'other. We are warned, by a high prelatio authority, againat prophesying upon this question. But we shall wonder little if all the sting of the measure, as regards Denominational sohools, is not removed, and even the whole sixth clause struck out in committee. And if the pre- vision of the Donominationalists as to their power has been aoourato, they need not fear the rejection of the measure at its third reading, for it will probably be far more acceptable then to those who desire to spread education, than it is at present. The House, having the oppor- tunity, may do what thosa parties who hold extreme opinions, and those who view the ques- tion through purely political spectacles, will not do. The Government ought io be respon- sible for an education measure, but as it is not, the House must even do its duty under these new oircumstances of no leadership. I Mb. Parkes' Declaration.-At the oon [ olusion of the debate on the second reading of I the Publio Schools Act Amendment Bill on Wednesday evening, and when the division had been taken which gave the Government a majority of four, Mr. Parkes said : For ten years I have incurred a large amount of con- tempt, and met with any amount of opposition, in maintaining the present settlement of the question of eduoation, but I have now seen gentlemen who carne into this House as the avowed friends of Denominational schools (great cheering)-turn traitor-(oontinued oheering)-and strike the first fatal blow at the existing sohools, (Cbeers,) I now am relieved from any obligation to maintain the cause they have botrayed-(laughter, and ohesrs)-and, so far »b I am oonoerned, I shall hold to myself the right of taking that course whioh the ex- traordinary oiroumstanoe of to-night's division may seem to direot. < [Mr. Buchanan : Bravo.] Though I was anxious that the present settle- ment of the eduoation question should be main- tained, as the gentleman who has ooma here as the champion of Denominational schools; and his friends, have voted to affirm the prinoiple that no aid from the publio revenue shall be given to those schools, it is impossible for me hereafter, or any person who thinks as I do, to aid this olass of sohools. (Cheers.) I am, therefore, relieved from, any obligation what- ever- (Great cheering and laughter ) 