THE A TRE RO YAL. Playgoers have been so accustomed to the production of Shakspearian dramas, with avowed Btars in the leading parts, that the announcement of the Theatre Royal manage ment to perform Hamlet, with Air. Dampier in the title role, and the other parts being entrusted to the members of the stock com pany, was received somewhat dubjousiy. The experiment, however, for such it may be regarded, proved eminently successful. Mr. Dampier's impersonation of the Prince wsb marked throughout by scrupulous care, intelligence and study, while at intervals it was far removed above the plane of what is termed respectability. Nothing equal to it has been seen on the Melbourne stage since Alontgomery, ana none ot tne so-cauea stars tnat nave ior some years past essayed the part have given anything like so admirable a rendition of it. AInny new features as regards mat ters. of detail were introduced, but in every instance they were dictated by . judgment and excellent taste. Mr. Dampier has acqnitted himself more than creditably in many and divorse characters, but his per formance of Hamlet stamps him at once as an actor of considerable capacity, who may yet ripen into something more. His pecu liar enunaiation is slightly against him in points, but whereverhe warmsup to the situa tion this is not observable. He possesses great facility in modulating his voice, which, as well as his action, can bo made inoBt sympathetic. Tho acono upon tho ramparts with the gb09t was truly impressive ; that with Ophelia, whore lie bids her go to a nunnery, was vivid without exaggeration ; and the closet Bcene with his mother was realistic to a degree. The soliloquies were models of elocution, but lacked the true ring of genius. "Alas, poor Yorick" was perhaps the best delivered, as there seemed to be the least effort made to give it point. " To be or not to be" was delivered not without ability, but to some extent it failed to convey the depth and subtlety of thought that it possesses, and which have rendered it so remarkably telling in the hands of great artists. Air. Dampier dressed the part somewhat after the conventional fashion, Ap pearing in the flowing wig, short tunic of dark-blue velvet edged with red, and black trunks and hose. On the whole, Mr. Dampier and the management may be con gratulated npon the manner in which bo difficult a performance was gone through. Mr. Harwood, as the ghost of Ham let's father, was all that could be desired ; and - he showed, above all things, his well-known ability to make much of even a subordinate part. Afr. Stuart O'Brien has always made a worthy Polonius, and in this respect his acting lost evening was not in the least wanting, Air. Lawronce as the King, and Miss Carry George as tbe Queen, went, through their parts very fairly ; and Miss Blanche Stam mers as the hapless Ophelia deserves more than 'a passing recognition. The scenery was capital, several of the sets, especially in the first and second acts, being highly effective, . Air. Dampier was frequently called before the curtain, during the progress of the play, and received the. hearty and well-deserved applause of the audience, Miss Stammers also coming in for a share of ap probation. 