Three Brave Men- Pretty Barbara Eorros would not marry. Her mother was in consternation . " Why are you so stubborn, Barbara ?" , Sho aBlced. "You havo plenty of lovers." " "But they don't suit me," said Bar bara, coolly tying her curls before the mirror. "Why not?" "I want, when I marry, a hjau who' is brave — equal to any emergency. If I give up my liberty, I want to be taken oar o of." " Silly child ! What is the matter with big Barney, the blacksmith?" 1 " Ho is big, but I never learned that he was brave." . " And you never heard that he was not. What is tho matter with Ernest, , tho gunsmith ?" " l . "He's as placid as goat's milk." "That is no sign he is a! coward. There is little Pritz,' the tanner, he is quarrelsome enough for. yon, surely." " Ho is no bigger than a bantam .cook. It is. little ho could do if- the houso was sot upon by robbers." " It is not always strength that wins a light, girl. It takes brains as well as brawn. Oomo now, Barbara, giv-jfchese: threo follows a fair trial." Barbara turned her face before tho mirror, lotting down olio raven tress aud lopping up auothor. " I will, mother," said sho at last. That evening Ernest; tho gunsmith, knocked oarly at tho door. " You sptj for mo, Barbara," ho said going to fi«vv girl, who stood upon tho hoartli, eoquot- tislily warming ono pretty foot and then tho other. "Yob, Ernest," sho replied, "I've boon thinking of what you said last : uight, whon you woro bore." " Well, Barbara ?" . Ernost spoke quiotly, but his dark- bluo eyes flashed, and ho looked intent ly. " I want to tost you." "How?" . ' "I want to soo if you daro do a vory disagreoablo thing." . " What is it?" . " . " Thoro is ah old coffin up- stairs.<\- : lt v gijiolls of mould. Thoy say Eenmond:r the murderer was buried in it, hut' they, say the devil came for his body, and left the coffin empty at the end of the , week', and it was finally taken from tlie tomb; It is up-stai'rs in the room my grandfather died iri, and they Bay grandsire does not rost easy in Iub grave for. some reasoji, though that I know nothing about. Dare you make that your bed to-night !" Ernest laughed. "Is that all? 1 .will do that and sleep soundly. Why, , pretty one, did you think that I had weiMberves ?" 'Hptir nerves will havo good proof if- you Vjffidertake it. Rememqer, no one Bleeps in that part of the house." " I shall sleep the sounder.',' " Gopd-night, then. I will send a lad to bIiow you tho chamber. If youBtay there1 all night," said the impervious Miss Barbara, " I will marry you," "You vow it?" ! f'ltvowit." Ernest turned straightway and fol lowed the lad in waiting through the dim. rooms aud passages, up echoing stairs, along narrow damp ways, where rats souttled bofore them, to a low .chamber. The boy looked pale and scared and evidontly wanted to hurry away, but Ernest made him wait until he took a survey of tho room by the aid of his lamp. It. was very largo and full of reoesses, with high windows in them, whioh were barred across. Ho remem bered that old Grandsire Ferros had been insane for several years before his death, so that this precaution had been necessary for tho Bafety of himsolf and others. In the oentre of tho room stood a coffin ; beside it stood a chair. The room was otherwise quite empty. Ernest stretched himself in tlie coffin, " Be. kind enough to tell Miss Barbara that it's a good fit," said he. Tho boy went put and shut the door, leaving the gunsmith alone in the dark. Mean while Barbara was talking with the blacksmith in tho keeping room. " Barney," said she, pulling her hands away from his grasp, when he would have kiBsed her, " I'vo a test to put to you beforo I give you an answer. Thoro is a corpse lying in the oliambor, where1 my grandsire died, in the un tenanted wing of the -house.. If you dare to sit with it there all night, and let nothing drive you away from your post, you will not ask me to marry you in vain." "You give me a light and a bottle of wine and a book to read ? " " Nothing." " All these are tho conditions you can offer me, Barbara ! " "AU. And if you get frightened, you need novor look me in the face again." " I'U take them, thon." So Barney was conducted to his post by the lad, who had beon instructed in the- secret, and whose voluntary stare at- Ernest's placid faco as it lay in the coffin was interpreted by Barney to bo tho ' , natural awe of a corpse. He took his seat and the hoy left him alone with the \- ' an(l the rats and tho coffin, i ,!$>Soon after, young Fritz, the tanner, I arrived, flattered and hopeful from the fact that Barbara had sent for him. " Have you changed your mind, 4 Barbara ?" he asked. "No; and I shall not until I know that you can do a really brave thing" "What shall it be? I Bwear to Batisfy you, Barbara." "I have a proposal to make you. My plan requires skiU as well as courage." "Tell me." " Well, in this house is now a man watching by a corpse. He has sworn \- not to leave his post until morning. If you can make him do it, I shall be satisfied that you are as smart and brave as I require a husband to be. " Why, nothing is so easy ! " ex claimed Fritz. I can scare him away. Furnish me with a sheet, show me the room, and go to your rest, Barbara. . .. You will find me at the post in the ' morning." . Barbara did as lie required, and saw the tanner step blithely away to his task. It was then nearly twelve o'clock, and Barbara sought her own chamber. Barney had been sitting at his, vigil, nnd so. far all had heen well. The night seemed very long, for he had no mean of counting the time. At times a thrill went through him, for it seemed to him as if he could hoar low, suppressed breathing not far away ; but he per- . euaded himself that it was the wind blowing through the crevices of the old houso. Still it was very lonely and .not at all cheerful. The face of the coffin gleamed .whiter through the ' darkness. The rats squeaked as if famine was upon thorn, and they smelled flesh; The thought' .made him shudder. He got up and walked about, but something made, a noise, as if somebody was behind him, and he put his chair with the back to the wall and sat down again. He had beon hard at work all day, and' in spite of overy tiling he grew sleepy. Finally he nodded and then snored. Suddenly it seemed as if somebody had touched him- Ho awoke with a, start but saw nobody near, though i the centre of the room stood a white figure. " Curse you, got out of this !" ho ex claimed in a fright, using tho very first words that cnuio to his tongue. The- figwgVhold up its right arm and slowly apMKched him. He started to his feetThe spectre came nearer, pressing him into a corner. "Tho devil tako you, " cried BarneyJ in his great extre mity. Involuntarily ho stopped back. Still the figure advanced, coming nearer and nearer, and extending both arms. The hair started upon Barney's head; ho grow desperate, and, as the gleaming arms would havo touched him, ho fell upon tho ghost like a whirlwind,- tear ing off tho sheet, thumping and pound ing, boating and kicking, more ' and more outraged as the resistance ho mot with told him the truth. As tho roador knows, lie was big.and Fritz .was little, , and whilo pummelling tho littlo tauuor unmercifully, and Fritz was trying to lunge atBarney's stomach, to take the wind put of him, both plung ing and kicking like horses, thoy wore petrified by hearing a voice cry,— . "Take one of your size, big Bar ney." Looking around, they saw the corpse sitting up in the coffin. This was too muoh ; .they released eaoh other and sprnng for tho door. They, never knew how thoy got out ; but-tuey ran home in haste, panting like stags. It was Barbara herself who came and opened the door upon Ernest tho next morning. . " It's very early ; one more little nap," said ho, turning over in his coffin. So she married him, and, though she sent Fritz and Barney invitations to tho wedding, they did not appear.' If thoy discovered the trick thoy kept the knowledge to themselves, and never willingly faced Barbara's laughing eyes again. Beiikeuey Sett. 1869. — Gentlonion, 1 feci it a duty I owo to you to express my gratitudo for the groat benefit I havo donvud by taking Norton's Camomile Fills.' I applied to yours rigout, Mr. Boll Borkeloy, for tho above-named I'illa, for wind in thri stomnoh, from whioh I suffered oxoruointing pain for a longth of time, . having tried noarly ovory romcdy proscribed, but without deriving any benefit at rill. After taking two bottles of your valuablo . pills I was quito. restored to my usual stato of hoalth. Please give this publicity for tho bonofit of thoso who may thus bo aflliotod. — I ritn, Sir, yours truly, IIiiNHY AllvasS. — To tho proprio tors of' Norton's Camomile Pills." — Wholo stile Agents for Queensland, Mossrs. Berkley itud Taylob, WholoBalo Druggists, Biisbano \- ADVT. . Taylor Brothers' Homoeopathic Cocoa. — This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide roputntion, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers, undor tho ablest homccopathio advioo, nidod by tho Bkill and oxporienco of tho inventors, and will be ound to oombino in nn ominent dogreo tho pnrity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the frosli nut. < Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa.— Taylor Brothers, London, having tho axcluBivo supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invito com parison with any other (Joooa for Purity — lino Aroma — Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power.- Ono trial will ostablish it as a favourito Bovorngo for breakfast, luuohcon, and a Soothing llofrcshmont after a lata ovou- ing. For favourablo opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, Jiritish Medical Journal, t£o., die. Taylor Brothers' soluble Chocolate, aud Cocoa and milk, aro inado iu ono miuuto without boiling. Taylor Brothers' Chocolate Creams, Clioaolato Cream l'ablots, Choco ato Dfops and Mnravillri Chocolate aro highly dolioioup and wholosomc. — l'ackodin a suportor aud elegant ' aunor. Taylor B infers' Mustard.— Tho " Ohaliongo" brand ''double, superfine qurility) is celebrated for its i ungenoy, and purity of flavour. Stoam Mills, Brick Lane, Loudon. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 