THE MYSTERIES CHE1 CE1ME; ? '?' '? M,f r..- ?;??. ; '? The Expebiences- of ajt EpiyBTiBflH DETECTIVE.-r-rNfli XII. , . [Published by special arrangement, wittt the Author.] ; : A ' MIDNIGHT MURDER. ' ' Ahoy, therel A boat !— a bbatF These words, not nearly so distinctly- uttered*: as they are here put: down, struck «hai$ly against 'the dull mist .hanging over ; the West Pier, down at .l^ith,. crept damply along the shrouded quay, ^and lingered -in hollow echoes about the green and soppy steps upon which the- sailor stood. Charles Dawes— or simply Charlie, as . he generally insisted on being called — listened inxenuy for an answer, or, at least, as intently as a man 'half-seas over' could listen ; but the only one that came .to his ears was the sound of one of the town clocks, wm'ch slowly struck 'the hour of twelve. 'Twelve o'clock— or thirteen, I'm hot sure which'— he hazily thought, finding it much easier to think than to 'speak. 'Tin late — two hours behind time ; don't believe I'll get aboard te-night. It's two miles out to the vessel in the Koads if it's a foot; and I'm blowed if all the boats ain't gone home to bed. Ahoy, down there! A; poat — sharo !' The second cry trailed 'heavily through the thick mist; and no answer coming,. '? Charley grew impatient, and stooped' to peer down under the wooden gangway covering the flight of stairs leading rdowjoi into the. water under the quay; but /this action proved rash -in the extreme. The green slime left on the steps by the reeed-'^ ing tide appeared to suddenly pull the ground backwards from under the sailor's unsteady feet, and like a shot he slid down the entire flight of steps on Ms back; till stopped by .the landing, when he sat up and smiled with the ; utmost good nature, as if in hearty appreciation of the joke; 'That'll do, shipmates; that'll do,'j he thickly got out, waving Ms hand towards imaginary companions above. ' Yeneed'nt send a chap down to his .hammock in that easy style. I'm neither a log of wood nor a hutch of coals, so I've got some feelin' in me when crossin' the knubly bits of the companion- way. I'm screwed jolly tights but I can feel the corners of the steps when ?they're sharp 'for all that; Glad I've^got aboard at last ; I thought the boat would never come.' * ?; Stretching back his head comfortably on olie of the slimy steps, Charlie went ta sleep there, and then, with the November mist for a blanket and the cold stone for a bed. The chill wind hustled in fiercely from the sea, sweeping up the landing stairs, and lazily lifting Charlie's straggling hair from the rude pillow; but still he slept on ; and perhaps he might have 'lain, there in safety, and-^-guarded by that ^spe- ' cial Providence which is said to hover over drunkards and bairns^risen unharmed, had the stillness attd loneliness of the place not been disturbed by the arrival of another person. : ; '...,-? ! ? t A surging ripple in the water, the grating of a boat-hook against the stones, and the muttering and cursing of the occupant of ? ;the Jjoat below) were quite unnoticed bjj^ Charlie, who in. spirit, was far off M Hie land of dreams, but in body' lying direct across the first landing of the. steps. . - - Ihe boat,- which had shot forward to Hie foot of the stairs,- was not that of a recog nised pilots -fisherman, or boatmen, j but owned and u^8ct-s°|ely;!by;:the man now r ? fastening it up-7-aJ,drlmp and money-lender of questionable reputation, named Abram Hann. He was a . kind' of a German Jew, not much -trader- 40 years of age ; but with a muscular strength .-and ferocity lurking in his big frame enough ta make the Voidest quail. At present Mr. Hann was in a bad temper, as was evinced' by: the ceaseless working of his lips as he cursed. in his native tongue, and the .glaring of hisdemon eyes, which might almost have served as head lights to the biggest ship in the Roads. The cause of Ms unwonted excitement was simply the ingratitude,! of the unfeeling world — he had just taken a sailor on board ship with his own' hands, having kept him dnink for the purpose, and, instead of re ceivinig1 thanks from the captain, had been kicked rudely pyer the tafErail of the Vessel into his own .jibat,- and ibid sharply & go to the d— — ffl..'1- It is true heliad the whole of the drunken man's f our months' pay in , Ms; possession in exchange for the poisoned^^ | wliisky and. detestable lodgings -mm-which^ ; te had supplied liiin ; but still he fetfc aggrieved. ,. The kick still tingled iudeW «, through' his frame, and he: wished he baa the captain ? there on that lonely lasdbag,1;/ with his hand at his throat and his feet Bt the edge of the steps. | . ; C^!^y^4^^1^X'J?i®*$|«i^rfen ftSusand ? ?:' ''-^£b$b1s.-_~ T^Mioir y-mlie^Sei«f Mulder! I -' ~;«ilnft:lieadiia'di^Ut!? ? ; /.U-.'r ? ?.-.' v '^ P^^^/^i^iriida of ii& raving 4ipeecli Mr. ' Llfftnn Tiiut tripped on the form, of Charles , -^^wea-^tcfflSl^^oriKaEd-jlike, a ninepin, i imd MtnlraaKi I&ill; ir^^rabarpfy on one : rpf^jie steps htt;npr Jup. ,@ajthering himself \ ? vlp'lid clasped fiis 'injured head'*in i-oth hist hand^jwhilelwapgUe^o^Qf Msfeettfgo- i .zouslj, in a succession of picks, to the form [ -of^bte'sleepiie'saSaof- ' T0fese fat last proved - sufficient to^roase Ifim tora half wakeful 1 estate ;ior he steTte^L to a sitting posture ,\ %r-iogasb&dre;^- - - ^ '?''- ? ^ « Ahoy, there ! a boat, *i-oat !' I -jffMein Gott ; you haff shplit my. head — I 1311 iihe' imt your stobpidhess ! What for ; you lie there Y I shall haff you take up.' , C^fOome on then— just the €hing,' saidj -^harlw^ jsvho .only .hazily, understood .^ the j ♦fiiriat; *^,!£$ hold ot my ^tfrin and pull. But whenfc 2ha$oaft & jT A T' v aPoat? poat P^— what want youmit my; ppat ?^[(^^l^ |&&fcd; .H£nn,'(jpssisting ; rjCharlie to^ri^,andfi\^uing~liis curses for ; ijthe moment^ { Peering ?'r-afc{iHinvf. closely through the gloom, he could just make out ; thi features/of aii easy- goingaailor of 3-hirty ? or so — very drunk, and almost asleep on his j dfeet already. : v '???' r ''??'? ' 'Want! Wsnt to go* aboa!rd, to be. sure,' thickly answered the. sailor, holding on to Jhim with both hands to ieep himself from j failing — ' out to the British Queen, in the Beads, Cbine on, shipmate, for. I'm late. *£ think I have been sleeping on the steps.' /'So you haff; and I fall on de top of you, and hit mein head on de shjteps/' said Hann, with gleaming eyes, looking the sailor all over. ' Haff you got any leetle ^burnish ? Dat ish for to pay for te sail in jmein poat, and mein trouble, if I take you out on de vater??1 ' * 'Money, ye old grampus?' carelessly «choed Charlie, getting his hand with some flifficulty into his trousers pocket and then i bringing it ont again filled with gold and -silver coins. *' To be sure I have ; enough \- to sink the boat and you along with it, Mr. — Otfr.-^-what's your name ?' ' Mistier Hann-^effry one knows Mishter Hanu,' graciously returned Abram. 'I jam fery goot frient to de shailors — I lends ^em-monish, and gets dem nice lotchings, \- mit plenty of whisky to trink. Wootyou ?'like to go vit me to von nice, comfortable ; lotcbing, and go to your snip in de morn ing?' 'No, I wouldn't,'' said Charlie, with . wonderful sharpness'; '* I'm going aboard to-night. Ahoy, there ! A boat, a boat !' 'Ton't call lonodder poat, my tear frient,' hastily put in Abram, with a hideous smile ' wbich was meant to be very fascinating. ,;*fI shall, take apoart your vessel if you vill r tell me de hour of clock. Haff you vonleetle -yatch? — von teeckare, as yoncall it ?' '„ j .*? Of course, I have— there, look at it for yourself,' was the careless rejoinder, as Charlie' tugged at the chain at his fob, .. much as he would have hauled at a cable, till an excellent silver lever bounced out into the Jew's hand. - Abram handled it lovingly an& with a watering mouth for r acme moments — not looking at the hour, nrhieh he knew perfectly weU, but calcu -lating its exact value; and then the watch j , . was suddenly tugged badk again by Charlie, i ? and restored with some difficulty to his fob. ' ** Gold and silf er — five or ten pounds in ?fc-'his pocket and -a goot silfer lever — I've a goot mind to do it !' eagerly whispered the crimp, with a hasty look around to see 4that they were alone— a look that would hive curdled the blood in 4he sailor's veins , had he only been sober and wakeful enough to notice and understand it. But Charlie I saw neither the look nor the hateful eyes that emitted it, for he was carefully grop ing his way with his feet for the edge of the boat. ' ? ?-- «*Two bob if you put me safe aboard — Mr. — Mr. Grampus, he said, still holding fast to the Jew for support. 'Don't let me go, for I'm tight as a oung/and would jpop into the water like a lump of lead.' **Oh, torftpe afraid, my tear frient; I j'.jBhalt'iiot let you shlip,' said Abram Hann, 1 speaking with perfect truthfulness, as he would thus have lost both the sailor and A 'Hie money. 'I am not a poatman, but I shall co out to opiige you, my tear frient.' .;?.. 'Stop4-iic — if you're^TQot a boatman I shan't trust you, said the sailor, drawing hack suspiciously. ' ftHa» hal how fery funny you are,' said jljann- with a horrible gleam of his teeth, patting the other tenderly on the back. ' I ^sh only joking when I said I vash not a poatman. I am de best poatman in dis port, and I yill put you where you vant to -jo out dere in de Roads for two shilling?' \- 'Not — hie — not in the Roads, you old grampus, but in my ship,' corrected Charlie, «s he flopped down on a seat near the stern, and then slid down into the bottom of the Sboat, where he crouched in a comfortable sleeping posture. 'Go on, now — the -^Hiish Queen — two red lights astern.' ^T**]ilein Gott* vash xlere ever a petter . chance?' whispered Abram to himself, as he lingered over the casting loose of the boat and watched the sailor fall fast asleep, . with his head leaning- helplessly against the side of the boat. ' He is trunk as te tyfel, Y , iand vouid co to de bottom like von lump of \- lead — he said so himself — and te monish— .. all te monish and de vatch would pe | ? ? jnine I' He shoved off the boat as he spoke, and the mist came in on his face and hands with a cold ' swish,' yet it sent no chill to his ? lieart, for his blood seemed suddenly on fire with the diabolical project, he had con ieeived. Out with the smooth-running river and receding tide went the boat, and every ilull lamp on the pier above' looked down . on him like a shrouded' ghost mutely plead *' ing for the life of the doomed man, till Abram, to get them but of sight, plied the ' : 'oars with a 'desperate excitement that ..brought the sweat in streams from his \- sallow temples, and sent the boat shooting \jout beyoncl the 5 glaring .light at the pier ?- ^liead atiast.. As soon as'thiiB last light had faded ifcto; a dull r6und*mopn faTbehind, Abram ^drewi4 his ^ars/^and noiselessly crept towards tie stern over the intervening seats till he was hanging in breathless sus jieiise over the slumbering imd snoring sailor. Charlie hiy sound asleep, partly against the seat and partly against the side ' of the boat, with ' bne arm Testing on the * l&bsely; athisT^deV AbirfmSf- eye^Bstened as he caught a glimpse of the dangling 'watc'hHSBaifr^elow 'the ''sSilbi's' 'foifj ''iHil, 8^1I-catitioti8,f he- restrainedr|xb itching ^gfeia^Mle1 lie: west bloser; and listened ttf fcne^lieavy Ijr&rthmg; of Ms' intended victim. The snoring was regular and «ven, and at last Abram ventured to extend a shaking liana*, towards the chain, which he ' clutched and,quietly tugged to andf ro till the watch and chain rested bodily in his hands. Such ~was the force of habit that, though they were now drifting helplessly on the rocking wares, fa£f rom human eye, and completely shut in by the mist, Abram started and looked round fearfully on every side before hiding the watch and chain in his breast. ' It will pring me two or tree pounds,' he exultingly whispered to himself. '1 vonder if I could get at his monish mit'out malrfaff him to awake ?' Stepping softly dver the seat to the stern, he bent forward over the sleeping man till his long claw-^ike fingers were slipping down between the right arm and the trou sers pocket containing the money, which Charlie had so incautiously exhibited on the quay steps. He did not attempt to get his hand inside, but grasped the pocket itself between his forefingers, he worked at it persistently till he had it turned inside out, and as a matter of course, had emptied the whole of its contents into Ms hand* This was not accomplished without much groaning and twisting; but when Abram at. last _ straightened his bent back, almost hreien with the painful stoop ing, lie found that he had in gold and silver nearly seven pounds in all. Care fully stowing this away in his pocket, he once more passed his hands over the sailor's dress, and finding that he had got every thing of value but the man's knife, pipe, and 'bacca-box, he once more looked keenly around, and seeing nothing but the heavy bank of mist on every side, he bent down once more, with one leg on either side of the sleeping man, put Ms hands under the armpits, lifted him suddenly up, and with giant strength toppled Mm mercilessly over the gunwale into the sucking waves. A great roar, dying into a gurgling shriek, told Mm that tlie man was gone, and lie staggered forward to the bow, and clumsily grasped at the oars. His eyes were starting from their sockets, and the perspiration stood in heavy beads on Ms brow j yet he glanced over at the gurgling waters, where the sailor had vanished, with, little remorse or compunction. 'Mein Gott, but I haff send some food for de fishes !' he hoarsely got out with, an attempt at a chuckle, and then he plunged the oars into the water and tugged at them with a force that nearly sMvered the blades in fragments, and sent the boat flying from the spot. 'I vonder how I see so many frowned men's faces on de vater ; -Ley come up all over — with de eyes glaring at me as if dey would pull me in.' He paused fearfully on Ms oars, and looked back into the mist behind. rtPu — pu — puff! h — help!' came sound ing up from the water, clearly revealing the fact that the sailor had regained his senses and was fighting hard with death m tke cold sea; but, already a murderer iu his heart, the monster only bent once more to his oars, leaving the gurgling cries far astern, and making in an oblique direction for the shore with all the desperation of a man flying from the gallows. The light at the pier-head loomed into sight at last ; but, for reasons of his own, Abram Hann did not seek to return tke way he had come. Keeping as well iu shore as his strength would allow of with the tide dead against him, he shot slowly westward till the harbor of Newhaven moved into eight, and here he fastened up his boat and got out, as he thought, unseen. He had to walk the whole distance back to Ms place in Leitk — fully a mile — but lie did not grudge tke labor, tkinkiug, as ke did, tkat he was thus most effectually removing every clue or scent that might iead to kini being identified as tke criminal. On tke afternoon of tke next day, I was ratker startled when a smart-looking sea man presented kimself at tke Central Office, and introduced himself to me as tke mate of tke skip Britisk Queen, at tke same time bluntly stating bis belief tkat ke kad infor mation to layijefore me wMck migkt lead to tke discovery tkat a murder kad been committed at Leitk tke nigkt before. 'My name is Jolm Watson,' he con tinued, as soon as I kad skown Mm to a seat and got my book ready ; ' but first of all let me tell you tkat one of our bestmen, Ckarlie Dawes, a cousin of my own, is aniissiKg, and kas been since about twelve o'clock last nigkt, when I myself spoke to him in Sandport-street, as ke was stagger ing in a kalf-niuddied state down towards tke West Pier. He has never been seen since tken, tkougk kis kat was found float ing close to tke pier-kead early tMa morn ing.' ' Perhaps ke slipped over into tke water and got drowned ? Tkere is nothing more common,' I suggested. ' I am only 'astonished tkat it does not happen oftener.' 'Tkat could scarcely be, as you skall hear,' quietly replied my visitor. ' Charlie, I must tell you, is well connected, was under training as second mate below me, and kad just drawn a remittance of ten pounds from Ms friends. . Well, when I met Mln' he had evidently been spending freely ; but, even allowing for that, ke must havehad a tidy sum still about his person, ^as well as an eight- guinea silver lever, ' wMck he purchased not long before. When I met him lie insisted upon going aboard, and I, knowing tkat no boats could be pro cured at such a late hour, advised him to go to a hotel for the night. But Ckarlie, though a free, generous fellow, was always dead against taking advice, and so, after some sharp words, we parted. To-day, as soon as ke was reported missing, I and three of tke men, sat to trace him, and these facts are tke result. First, no ssainau was seen aLout tke pier or docks by any of the watchmen after twelve o'clock ; second, a boat containing: two men did leave tke pier ' about^that time, and no other left till about half-past three iu tke morning ; third, about a quarter or twenty minutes na3t twelve tke watchman stationed at tks pier head lighthouse saw a boat turn out to wards tke Koads containing tyro persons — one a sailor, apparently asleep in the bottom of tke boat, and tke other a notorious rascal of a 'crimp — a German Jew named Abram Hann. This boat didjaot cpnie back to the harbor, but we afterwards discovered through a tidewater *tliat it had put in au hour or so lateE,ai:'.iSewktiven; wk$n4t,cqn tained on|y one irian— tke crimprHann. The boat %iis'left^ there' all night, ^ldffU the man's came is on, it tkere can be no doubt as to the ownership j besides which it was 's^rtrfoTto^d^ignd^takeii back toriaeithHtiy* a^nan sent by the; cidap tf (ftv't&fi; purpose, so '? % tfewf, yMliave the case^ - : ; X '} H ' , \ v'rfThen, what is your inleVence from tke whole of these facts ?' I quietly asked. VQo you lneanT m» to beKevJ&rtkat; tke crimp tossed MnTinto the' wafer for tke sake t-f his money and his; watch ?' 'Exactly— tkat is just what I do fear, and now most firmly believe.' I smiled in spite of myself, and tke simple look of incredulity appeared to be exces sively annoying to my# impulsive visitor. 'Well,' I said at last, with some dry ness, 'your inferences are certainly sweep ing enough, but we will make some en quiries at once and see what can be done.' ; ' Ok, bother you and yom* en quiries !' hotly broke in tke impul-; sive mate. ' Why can't you go down; and arrest tke murderer at once ? While you; are inquiring he may be showing a cleauj pair of heels.' 'Believe me, I respect your feelings,^ though they have for tke present blinded your judgment,' I gravely returned, witk-.; out losing my temper. ' We cannot arrest a man for murder till it is proved tkat a murder hes been committed, and that we cannot attempt to prove until at least a_ body is found.' ; '*Tken, why not arrest him on a charge of robbery?'' 'What good would tkat do? Could you swear to tke watch if it was found oil him? Has it any mark or -number by 'wMch you could identify it so as to swear toit?!' ' I think I would know it if I saw it,' was tke hesitating rejoinder. 'A .silver lever, with flowered silver dial and gold figures. To be sure I might be mistaken, as I do not know tke number.' 'So I feared,, and tke money would pro bably be in gold, not notes,' I quietly added. 'Still if tkere is anything in your suspicions, I do not despair of getting at it, if I get leave to work in my own way. I am greatly indebted to you for tke clues you have placed in my hands, and only hope tkey may lead to a satis factory issue. In tke meantime you and your friends would do well to keep tke facts strictly secret. Tke sligktest rumour, in wMck his name was mentioned, might alarm the guilty man, and so bring about Ms flight and our confusion.' Seeing now tkat I was really about to take action in tke matter, tkougk not exactly in tke way. ke kad anticipated, tke mate readily apologised for Ms hasty words, and promised to maintain a rigid silence on all points tending to criminate Abram Hann. TMs done, we made our arrangements for a visit to Leitk, and my visitor took Ms leave. Tken I called in McSweeny, and together we made ourselves up witk muck care — McSweeny as a cattle drover, and I as merckant or commission agent. Warned most empkatically by Watson as to tke desperate ckaracter of tke man we were so anxious to trap, we botk cariied pistols — a precaution wkick -we kad no occasion afterwards to regret. We kad botk ratker a hang-dog look in our new rig out; but tkat was no drawback, considering tke ckaracter of tke crimp's kouse in Broad Wynd, and of the wretches wko tkere sought his aid. Down at tke Tron we managed to catck a Leitk 'bus, and reacked Bioad Wynd shortly after 4 o'clock. Hann occupied two storeys of a wretcked-looking land of houses ; and we kad uo difficulty in finding tke place out, for in one of tke comer windows lie kad a dirty ticket stuck wMck invited foreign seamen to come in and partake of tke inestimable benefits of tke house in tke skape of board and lodgings at fabulously low rates. Walking boldly in, we found ourselves in tke cMef sitting room of tke establishment, where some foreign sailors were busy drinldug beer and playing cards. A polite enquiry for Mr. Hann was at last understood and responded to by one of tkein pulling tke greasy string sus pended from tke middle of tke ceiling. A minute or two later tke door opened and a repulsive-looking man, witk a face framed in black kai.t and eyes like tkosa of a snake, appeared before us, and by kis kideous smile and. servile bow, gave us to understand tkat we were looking on tke man 'wanted.' I rose, and, witk studied caution and muck wkispering, gave Mm to understand that we were meditating a journey, and would be obliged if ke could favor us by ckanging a five-pound note, wkick I pro duced, into Dutch money. 'Shange? most certainly, my tear sken tlenier.— -I give skauge more skeaper den all to odder peoples in Leet' ke said, smiling in a way that made me feel tliankf ul I was not aloiie. ' Pe' so goot as to come up stairs to mine office. Dis way, skeutlemen ;' and ke led tke way up a worn stair to a dirty little den above, where ke busied kimself in opening up a great iron-bound trunk, from wkick ke took a bag of foreign coin, every one of wMck he fingered as if the parting cost him a pang of anguish. ' Perhaps you ant your goot frient here vould like to sktay in mine kouse all te nigkt, eef you ton't co away till te niorn ng?' ke wkeedlingly remarked, still fingering nervously at tke money. ' You woot find it so skeep beside de hotels — so fery skeep.' Tkere was my cue, and in a moment I kad it. Nudging McSweeny gently, I quickly struck in- — 'Perhaps we migkt come back, Mr. * Hann ; but in tke meantime we have some I business to transact — a travelling bag, some i ekirts, and « watch to buy, if we can get a j good one, second-hand^ at a reasonable = pice.' I This I said as' unconcernedly as possible, ? acd while holding out my hand for tke money. ! Hasn started at the mention of tke watch, i and looked me keenly aud suspiciously in I the face : but seeing notking to alarm Mm j there,, ko turned away, moodily tapping kis chin. ' All, I see : and you vask coing out o? do c oiu.ii ee 'vvitJi it h' ke meditatively j.icLe hi; while ;iiy heart bi.'yan to boa!; so loud ar.d fost lhar I f tared his suspicions would be aiou&ed;, and. my whole scheme frustrated. '-Now, vat kind of «a valch wcot you like P; ' Any koiud, so as it's food ami chaps,'' \\\\\i :n McSweei.y. v.-iili a -winw peculiar to the thieving, i-rofesik-i-. i: Chape ; you understand P' .''.;' ' To be sine ; io ha sure,' rurviedly re joined Abrain, in an excited whisper. ' Te reason I Laff for asking is dat a fevy tear . frient of , mine vask here two hour ago, an i he vonted to *ell lasH- atcli — a vevy fine lever, worth sefen or eight pounds— for four pound ten; JWa'sk tkere ever suck a ckaiice?' *;'Yes: but wkei-e48 tke good of sayia' ^kaHo-ranrorr? sliTgravelyput'in ^MeSweenyr 'The man's gone now, and' ike watch wid him.' „ . -.-? i.''' r:;--:/ ':?*???-$?'--* ' I toirt lmow about dai^*' jjautTously answered Abram.* 'De fact is, I vash tinkihg of buy' de vatch .myself, aiid I cot him to leaf it vit me to try! It is tirtakeep— tirt sheep.' *'. --- ' Four pound ten/' I meditatively ^put in as calmly as I could assume. 'Idon'tsee that it's so very cheap. Can we^ have a tookaiit?' 'I will be ropping myself to let you haff it,' said Hann ; but I like to opiige mine frients'vaudhe turned once more to the iron-bound box, from wMch, after muck rummaging, he at length produced a silver watek which ke placed in my hands. I looked at it keenly, and I believe as I did so my hand shook quite as much as his own. The watch was almost new, and Jiad ajlowo'ed silver dial cmd gold Jfyures. Still keeping on a grave and unconcerned face, I deftly opened the case, and found, as I kad expected, that the watch had been 'doc- tored' — in fact, tke number kad been re moved bodily witk one dig of tke graver. Still, I had no doubt of tke identity of tke watch, and determined at once to risk tke arrest. Treading twice sharply on Me Sweeny's foot, without raising my eyes, I slowly fknt the case of the watch and con veyed it to my waistcoat pocket. Abram smiled delightedly, as if highly pleased with the 3oke ; but the next instant my right hand, wMch had stolen to my coat pocket, came out and rose to kis face like a flask, bearing tke levelled barrel of tke cocked pistol. The moment I did so McSweeny's weapon rose quickly to tke Jew!s opposite ear ; and before tke two Ms dark face became livid andgkastly witk surprise and terror. 'Abram Hann,' I slowly and distinctly got out, ' I arrest you on tke ckarge of robbery and murder. Tke watck I now hold in my possession was taken from tke person of a seaman named Charles Dawes.' 'Mein Gott! de polis !' gasped tke vil lain in petrified amazement. ' I — I know not'ing of any skailor — I swear py holy Fadder Abraham dat I got de watck from a f lient for to skell ? w 'Stop! you'd better reserve your de fence,' I said, pouncing on kis claw-like hand, and getting tke kandeuffs on witk a skarp struggle;' and tken sending him off to the station, I very soon cleared tke house, searched it tkorougkly, and kad it locked iip pending furtker investigation. Tkus far it will be seen every tking kad come smootkly enougk ; but tke reader, in reviewing tke facts, will kave no difficulty in discovering tkat, so far as a conviction was concerned, we kad a very weak case indeed. Our first business was to discover tke dealer wko kad sold tke watck to Dawes ; but, of course, witkout the num ber tMs man could not swear to tke article. Tken Hann, by some means, induced a man to come forward and swear tkat tke watek was Ms, andeveniuaroundabout wayskow tkat ke kad possessed it honestly for years; and tke end of it all was tkat in less than a week tke crimp had to be set at liberty. And now I have to record one of the most strange, curious circumstances in tke wkole affair ; one wMck tke reader may be expecting, but wkick was as far from rny mind at tke time as it was from tkat of tke principal person, concerned— Mr. Abram Hann Mmself . On tke second day after kis release, and just before dusk, tMs wortky was sitting in Ms ' office,' as ke called tke den wMck kad been tke scene of kis arrest, when tke clambering on tke worn stair told him tkat visitors or customers were at kand, and in a moment more two men, sailors, entered. One of tkern was well known to Mm as a man ke kad repeatedly 'obliged,'' and, of course, fleeced? but it was tke first glimpse of tke otker tkat chained tke villain to Ms seat, witk wkitened face, and teetk ckattering witk terror. 'Holy Fadder Abrakam! it isk de trowned skailor come back from te sea!' ke gasped, and tken ke nearly tumbled from his chair in helpless fear. ' I'm back again/' said the first sailor, not noticing the Jew's terror. 'I've been through at Glasgow with my friend here, and had a jolly spree fora, wrkole week ; but we've come back drained dry, and I want you to lend me same money at tke usual figure.' ' Co away ! co away ! pack to tke crave ! ' screamed tke horror-stricken crimp, starting to kis feet and making for tke door, witk Ms eyes ckained to Ckarlie Dawes' astonisked countenance. ' Co pack to de sea you vask troTrned in !'' ' Tke man must be mad,' said Ckarlie, starting up in alarm. ' Perhaps he heard me falling into tke water tkat nigkt I was so drunk tkat I never knew wkere I was till I found myself far out past tke pier kcad. Stop this foolery, I* say — stop it; or, at least, give my friend tke money we need before you go.' He made a desperate grasp at tke arm of tke retreating crimp as ke spoke ; but tke affrighted villain, now on tke landing, only uttered a scream of terror, and, shrinking back witk unguarded kaste, reacked the edge of tke worn steps ratker suddenly, toppled over, and fell keadlong to tke bottom. When tkey picked Mm up he was quite insensible, and bleeding profusely about tke kead ; so, after a hasty examiaa ion, it was decided to kave Mm conveyed o tke Hospital. Ratker a noisy crowd accompanied tkem on tke way, ac cusing tke two seamen of injuring Hann by throwing him down the stair, and it was tkis crowd tkat attracted the attention of one of our principal witnesses at tke case so recently settled, namely — Jokn Watson, the mate, cousin to Charlie Dawes. This man's astonishment may be conceived on beholding alive and in \ke flesk ?? tke very relative ke had sup posed murdered, and it was with difficulty tliat Dawes 'kimself was made to under stand the real state of affairs ; for, the incmeEt he had found kimself in tke water, he Lad'i-truck out for the pier, believing, in his muddled state, that lie had simply fallen - in and been drifted out with the tide ; and thai, finding himself cold, shivering, and v^miiless, had taken his way to kis nearest iiier.crs lodging. On tke following morning, and ;:et'oie tho rumor had got abroad as to a sailor, fceing missiug, tke two had started for Glasgow, in which place they kad been btuied ever since, quite unconscious o.f 'tke excitement and trouble' going on in their absence at the otker end of tke line. KeaVly three months elapsed befofe.Hann was .sufficiently recovered as to lie able to take bis trial a second time. Tkis time we bad Charlie Dawes for a witnes3,.but his evidence did not amouut to much, as far as the^bi«ge^f-%tepew4Bg-bifla--into' the aoa was: concerned. VMSama. JBEang^In J&fr; rav-j . ings; a| the M^itai, S^ ^0^ ^his-i scene y-ery viyidfsf ; buti Jot ^cpuEse^, his- mad; ramhTings could no* b^w*oked ae evidence, and this charge had to be departed from. Dawes, however, swore most positively as j to the identity of the watch found by us in . Hann's possession, and on -that charge he was found guilty. The sentence was one year's imprisonment ; but though Abram' returned to Leith after its completion, he could never be said to be the same man after it. His head was always in a weak, muddled state, arising doubtless from some I injury the brain had sustained in tke! terrible fall down his own break-neck stair. He went amissing one day, and was found ; stuck fast in the mud close in by the side ? of the West Pier, quite dead, and witk his { claw-like hands clutcMng tke soft oose as i if it had been a treasure of gold; Clearly; prisons, penitentiaries, or even tke gallows jj are not the only punishments meted out to . murderers by tke Providence wkick rules ; the world, for if ever tkere was a murderer in intention it was Abram Hann wken kef attempted tkat midnigkt murder. j 