TALES OP THE CLOACA. NO. I. THE CLOACA- MAXIMA ; OR, GREAT BLACK WATTLE SWAMP. SUPERNATURAL REVELATIONS OF A FANCY-GOODS MAN ; or, The Diabolical Demon of the Deadly. Drain !! ! Fi/tti ye First. There lived in Parramatta-street A cove — his name was Joe — Who nightly sniffed its odours sweet (Not very long ago). Its every scent right well he knew, They often made him frown, And he was fancy-goods man to A big firm here in town. As Joe lay down one night (he slept In summer far from well) A nameless horror o'er him crept, Of what he couldn't tell ; His hair was rising up he knew, He felt his blood grow cold ; He felt a little frightened, too, For Joseph wasn't bold. And while he (vainly seeking rest) Lay tossing to and fro, By name he heard himself addressed — The unknown voice said, " Joe !" " Arise, oh Joseph ! from. thy bed, Arise, and follow me ! Hush ! not a word," the spirit said, " For I'm a ghost, d'ye see ? " " Bring kerosene and bring thy lamp, And arm thee to the teeth, For thou, in yonder gloomy swamp, Shalt win a laurel wreath." " Now follow me," the spirit said, " For well I know the track, And thou shalt slay the demon dread Of Wattle Swamp the Black." Then toward the demon's dread abode, The ghastly goblin flits : The spirit was to show the road, And Joe to give him " fits." And silently they followed all The windings of the creek ; At times they heard a night-bird call, At times a tom-cat shriek. But of the voices of the night They took no heed as yet ; The ghost said, " Joseph, are you right ?" And Joseph said, " You bet !" And thus began the demon-hunt : The road was dark and drear, The ghost was mostly on in front, And Joseph in the rear. At times thay crawled along a trench That held Joe's feet like glue ; And there was many a stifling stench, And many a cast-off shoe. And oft they waded deep in slime Where rotting herbage grew ; The ghost said, " Joseph, take your time ! " And Joseph murmured, " phew ! " At length a dark and gloomy pond Appeared to block the track ; The spirit was for goin' on, And Joe for goin' back. Before the breeze his shirt-tails blow, And though he's sore distressed, The spirit said he had to go, And Joseph gave him best. " Young man ! " the spirit said, " 'tis vain To bandy words with me ; Just stretch those bandy legs again, For I'm a ghost, d'ye see ?" And Joseph, making answer soft, They thus resumed the track ; The spirit bore the lamp aloft, And Joseph on his back. 'o be continued.) 