THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, JAN. SI, 1876. THE report of the annual meeting of the Beno volont Society, published in The Mercury of Saturday, affords subject of just pride and con-1 gratulation. But it also presents its aspect of deep humiliation and leproach. It is matter of, thankfulness that we have such a Society among ÜB so efficiently carrying out its intention-the discriminate but liberal relief of the destitute ; a Society the merits of which have been so well recognised by now departed discriminating and philanthropical gentlemen as to have made the Society not altogether dependent on the capri- cious benevolence of an indifferent public. But it is matter of deep regret, something to mako us almost ashamed of the community in which wo live; of the Christianity professed around us, to seo so little deferenco paid to the legacy which the Founder of our faith bequeathed us when Ho said, " For ye have the poor always with you." We have had so often to deplore the absence of all sympathy shown with the Society from those who ought to be identified with it and be its life and soul ; and there seems so little prospect of either a sense of duty or a sense of shame stirring them up to better things, that we could wish the Society were so con- stituted that it could carry on ita Christian and benevolent operations without the formula of an annual meeting exposing the indifference and apathy that seem to pervade all classes, and that speak trumpot-tongued of the hollowness of the professed interest in the poor, that displays itself so liberally in words, but cannot sparoan1 hour from business or pleasure to give their countenanco to those on whom fall the heat and' burden of the work. We wish wo could believo in tho charitable supposition of Mr. R. A. MATHER, who, in his lotter to tho Secretary, in regretting the want of interest manifested by the public generally, was inclined to construe this neglect into an oulogium, and as arising from the satisfaction that is felt outside because of the conviction that tho business of tho Society is well and wisely conducted. But we may not BO interpret the public apathy, which appears to be growing rather than diminishing; for we miss at the meeting of Friday evening some who only twelve montliB ago attended and took up against others the very complaint which we have to-day to make against themselves, as woll as against those whose want of sympathy they then deplored. Wo have no desire to take up what is at boat but an invidious task, far less to perform it in au offensive spirit ; but we have a public duty to pet form, mid we shall not shrink fiont it because of tho dangor of offending some who may desire to be ranked among the benevolent and philauthiopio of our com- munity, yet will not move with so much as one of their fingois the burdens imposed on the moro willing workers with whom thoy allow their names to bo publicly associated. We observe that on Friday there were, besides His EXCELLENCY who presided, MB private secretary, two gentlemen officially coimocted with our charitable institutions, and the secretary of the Bonovolont Socioty, just cloven gentlemen present. Wo obsoivo also from the annual report submitted on bohalf of the Executive Committee, mid fi oin the report of the pro- ceedings of the annual meeting1,that the Executivo Committee consists of some thirty gentlemen, lay and clerical, including, in the bitterly sar- castic words of the resolution, " the resident ministers of all denominations." Perhaps these last named gentlemen are never made aware .of " the honour and duty devolved on them," an omission, if it bo such, on the part of the SECRE- TARY that is much to bo regretted, since not 'otherwise do the ministers of any denomination see any call of duty imposed on them in connec- tion with an organisation that is exclusively meant to do goodland this to those who havo no earthly friend to whom to appeal. We dare to say that were the purposes of a Beet or creed to be advanced, the clergy would not be so lament- ably conspicuous by their absence. But want of sympathy with the Society, and, presumedly, in- difference to its operations, are not confined to ministers of all denominations. The laity only too implicitly m this respect, follow the leading of their pastors. How many of tho committee named twelve months ago devoted one minute to the interests of the Society ? How many of those named on Friday will do so for the current year 1 Why theri'should such gentlemen be'named as committeemen 1 Why, above all, should they consent to be associated in name with a charitable work which they,. < do nothing to promote 1 Such reflections are forced on us when we contrast'the'ostentatious list which the Society displays as its agency for doing good, with the meagre attendance at Friday night's meeting. The " resident ministers of all denominations" were represented by one gentle- man, and he, singular to say, had never been identified with any State or National Church. The representatives of all these stood aloof. But what other class or body can throw a stone at them 1 Tho medical profession had its solitary representative. The lawyers were unrepresented 1 and thus two gentlemen did duty for what are called the learned professors, a circum- stance that will not be held to indicate, we trust, an incompatibility between loaming and i benevolence. His EXCELLENCY'S responsible Ministers had so little sympathy with His EXCELLENCY at the head of a benevolent move- ment, that only one of their number was present, and Mr. KENNERLEY had, in his person, to represent not only the Government but the Legislative Council ; Mr. BELEIN, single-handed, if we except the Clerk of the House, upholding the good name of the Assembly, parliamentary gentlemen apparently having less interest in a work of love and beneficence, than in the success of a party. The City Council had its solitary representative in the MAYOR. The Marine Board in Mr. DOWDELL, who, with" Mr. JUSTIN BROWNE, represented the Chamber of Commerce. The analysis is a brief.one, and not such as can commend itself to public approval. The attendance contrasts most' unfavourably with what can be relied on at any party, political, or denomina- tional display, and would prove most dis- couraging to those who discharge the work of the Society were they not sustained by the consciousness of doing their duty. There is room for thankfulness that though there is so much to do in this respect, there are, if not many,' so willing and judicious labourers. We have said enough, if incidentally, to show that we aro not of those who disapprove of accummulated wealth on the part of the Society. 'It is well to have a fixed i revenue coining in even in the shape of interest on money invested. 'It gives a solidity and means of cohesion, and it is besides in compliance with the desire of the testators, and is not exposed to the, objection sometimes raised that the knowledge of invested funds and accruing interest paralyse liberality on the part of the public. ' The man 'who is of a charitable dis- position, whodesires to aid in allocating distress, is not likely to place any stint on his generosity by, the knowledge that the Society has a small income not dependent on the liberality of suca in dividual donors as himself. They who stay their hand because the Society has not spent capital os i well as interest, are fit fellow-workers in behalf of i the Society with those who toko the honour of being committeemen, but never attend a meeting of committee. Had the Society had nothing to1 depend on but the small contributions received as annual subscriptions, would it have been able to contribute to the relief of the 439 indi-! viduals who, during lost year, were kept from starvation? Would it have been possible to have afforded the various other comforts besides mero bread and meat, which, to the sick and feeble, are often moro essential than food ¡ The' report speaks for itself, and in but too emphatic a negative ; and while approving of every word the Hon. Mr. KENNERLEY said as to the poor compliment his own colleagues and the public paid the GOVERNOR in the small attendance, we also concur with. him in his advococyi of life governorships by cheques during life,' and of a name left behind in handsome bequests ; though in doing so we cannot compliment him on his consistency, since he and his colleagues, rather than give up control over the General Hospital and other charitable institutions, turn a deaf hear to all suggestions for popularising such establishments by public subscriptions with a public voice in their management. The PREMIER meant well,i as he generally does, but he failed to realise the full import of what he said ; and, perhaps, considering that he was on Friday evening only present in the character in which ho is-host and most widoly known-a generous and untiring philanthropist, it would bo unfair to extract occasion against him as a politician. And so long as he lives, und is able to tako his part in public, wo think there is little fear of that day coming when, as His EXCELLENCY said, were ho the only man to support the Committee at their annual meetings, ho, as Governor, would bo present. It is gratifying to have such an intimation from His EXCELLENPV ; it ia a pleasant contrast to so much apathy, to find so great sympathy i in the highest place in our Colonial life. But it is also comforting to feel that one^ at least, of those occupying a prominent position under Hi» EXCELLENCY, does not allow his sym- pathy to evaporato in words, and does not con- ceive he does his duty by giving of his substance, while ho withholds his sympathetic approval of thoso who consent to be the almoners of the charitable, and to givo what is moro valuable than money-their time ; 'and, as occasion ofnfrs,' a kindly word in season, or ono of warning und reproof whore neoded. 1 LORD JOHN MANNERS, Postmaster General of Groat Britain and Ireland, has .recently sub- mitted the twenty-first annual report of his department, and tho Lords Commissioners/of the Treasury have .accepted it as highly satis- factory., , The document is replete with out-of tho-way information, and affords forciblo evidence of the progress and oxpnnsivoness of national business relations, whilo it also illustrates in a ludicrous way, the proverbial stupidity and eccentricity of half-educated lotter writers or postal correspondents. The report is for the year 1874, and it sots forth that tho number of post offices in the Unitoel Kingdom was in- creased during tho year by 280, making in , all nearly 13,000,; about 900 of -which are head offices. The number of road-letter boxea was nearly 9,700 as compared with 9,000 in 1873\. Tho total number of postal receptacles in the United Kingdom is now moro than 22,000 as compared with about 15,000 ton yuars ago, and with little 'moro than 4,500 boforo the establishment of penny postage, in 1840. lu London alone' there ave noarly 1,700 of thoso receptacles. Extensivo alterations are going on at tho chief omeo in London, now offices havo beoncomplotod at Chesterfield, Limerick, South poit, and Stamford, and new premises will soon bo completed at Abordoen, Newcastle, and Norwich ; several offices aro either in courso of construction or about to be commenced, and steps havo boon taken to enlarge thu ofticos at Bath, Belfast, Cork, and Glasgow, and also the chief 'office at Dublin. At' 760 'places' free deliveries have been established for the first time, and the deliveries at more than 830 other places'have been in number or otherwise im- proved. Some idea of the vast business trans- acted by the department is indicated by the fact that during the year nine hundred and sixty seven million of letters, post-cards, newspapers, and book packets were transmitted; the number of' post-cards being 79,000,000 ; and of news- papers and book packets, 259,000,000. About 4,400,000 letters were received ut the returned letter office, but it was found possible to reissue or to return to the writers about three-fourths of the number. The number of registered letters was 4,000,000, or about one in 250 of the total number of, letters. By way of illustrating or exposing the dense amount of ignorance that yet prevails (notably in rural districts, or in the pauperised and over- crowded bock-slums of London), respecting the utilisation of the post office as a means of ready communication, it is mentioned that upwards of 20,000 letters were posted without any address. This fact alono speaks volumes as to the non accomplishment of the schoolmaster's allotted task, but when flagrant negligence is added to blundering ignorance the result is provocative of astonishment and mirth. Lord JOHN MANNERS informs the enlightened British public that one of these 20,000 unaddressed letters contained upwards of £2,000 in bank notes ! Another, a registered letter from Switzerland, was found open in the chief office, London. The contents, which had become exposed, owing to the flimsiness of the envelope, consisted of cheques for upwards of £200, and of bank notes to the value of more than £500. These glaring examples of in- excusable ignorance and recklessness amount to mere peccadillos when compared with a third example-coming from a quarter generally accredited with smartness < and . shrewdness in matters financial. -What gnashing of teeth and pulling of hair must have occurred amongst the forlorn Turkish bond-holders in London on perusing the following item of the report. , A registered letter containing Turkish bonds, with coupons, payable to bearer, with more than £4,000, intended for a firm in the City of London, was misdirected to a street in the West End; where it was \ delivered in due course. On inquiry being subsequently made for the packet it was found that the bonds had been mistaken for "foreign lottery tickets" of no value, and had been put aside for the children of the family to play with. Further on the report positively becomes amusing, and so astounding are the statements made that if they did not bear the sign-manual of Lord JOHN MANNERS, they mould challenge credibility. Iii the chief office in London two gold watches were found, each enclosed 'in an unregistered book' packe);, addressed, to Kew Zealand ; the leaves of the book having been cut so as to admit of the watches being enclosed. Tha'packots were sent to the returned letter office, whence information was forwarded to the addresses, " there being nothing to show who wero tho senders " ! About 61,000 postage stamps were found lose in different offices, but whether the loss was caused by negligence or recklefsness is not stated. Among the articles posted contrary to the regulations of the department and sent to the retumed letter office, were a horned frog alive, a stag beetle alive, white mice alive, snails alive, an owl, a kingfisher, a rat, carving knives and forks, gun cotton, and' cartridges, The senders of those packets must have firmly believed in the existence of a live Btock branch of the department. Exclusive of newspaper telegrams the number of messages transmitted during the year was 19,000,000, or ten per cent, more than in tlie preceding twolvo months. The telegraph transacts an. immense and a lucrative busi- ness with the provincial newspaper prosa. On one occasion, nearly 440,000 'words (equal to about ' 220 'newspaper columns) were transmitted from the contrai station in London in a single night. The rental from private wires had increased! about twelve per cent, since 1873, the total sum last year being £53,000. The' number of money order offices in the Kingdom exceeded 5,000, and the aggre- gate amount of the inland orders was over £20,000,000. Post-office savings' banks con tinue to increase ; the number of depositors is set down at 1,070,000 ; the amount of deposits, > including interest at the close of the year, being upwards of £23,000,000,or a little ovor£2,000,000, as compared with the preceding year. The whole1 sum deposited during tho year was upwards oft £8,800,000, as against nearly £6,900,000 with/ drawn, the average' amount of each deposit ¡ having been about £2 14s., as compared with about £6 89.j the average amount of each with-, drawal. The revenue and expenditure returns of the department show that the gross revenue' from postage and money orders for the yeal was £5,651,000, or an'increase of more than five per cent, on the preceding year. The expenditure was £3,915,000, or an increase of three per cent. Tho gross revenue from the telegraphs was £1,160,000, and the expenditure £1,051,000. On tho business of the Post Office savings' banks a profit of £119,000 is shown. In Bumming up tho interesting, instructive, and I satisfactory information contained in the report, The Times observes :- I " The Post Office report for 1874 may be accepted as satisfactory. It shows' not only that as havo been moro busy than ever, but, what some may have been more doubtful about, that habits of frugality have increased among the working classes, and that high wages have produced some better resurta than indulgence in drink and idleness. We may hope, too, that since the conclusion of the Postal Convention of October, 1874, the details of which aro once more repeated, the report next issued may show a still further advance, and that the greater und cheaper facilities now offered for commu- nication with foreign countries may bear their natural 'fruit in a large increase of this important branch* of the business proper of a post1 ¿mee. Franco, the most important country of all, will not join with the rest until tho first of next January, and the benefit, particularly to ourselvetj, «ill necèssarily'be somewhat 'slender while Prance continues to stand aloof. The repot t ghes us giound for hoping that before long there will be a further extension of the new system to countries which are not as yet included hy it, When India and our colonies have joined the Bund, as they have, already been invited to do, and as they no doubt will do very shoitly, we shall haye obtained'as near I on approach as wé can need for'tho' 'present to a universal uniform rato of postage," ' ' ' ,' -, <. ., " , ,i, l ^PRESENTATION.-On Saturday last ,Mr. D. P. Scott, who has been for several years on the staff of this jourualMattorly as shipping reporter-on leav- ing The Mercury to stat t business on his own account a* a printer, etc,, was presented by the employés of 'the office with a testimonial and address as a mark of the respect in whioh he was hold by them all. The presentation was made by the overseer, Mr. G. W. Ke\\-, and Mr. Scott, who was heartily cheered by his late comrades, returned thanks in a feeling speeoh. The adilreas was beautifully printed aud illuminated by Mr. Ilex ; and the testimonial con- sisted of au elegant lignum-vitm inkstand inlaid with ebony, with the usual accompaniment*, and a dictionary1, blotting-pad and date-rack. ' SOUTH TASMANIA v. BOHEMIAN').-It will he seen I by an announcement in another column that 'tho match between eleven of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association and eleven Bohemians, from Victoria, will he played pn tho Association ground ou Tuesday and Wednesday, the 8th and,9th Feb. Our telegiaphic news intimates that eight of the Bohemian Olub arrived at L»uup,oaton per Perwont on Saturday. Among the eight are the well-known cricketing names of 1). Wilkie, Campbell, Mcevoy, and Mm phy, so that our Hobart Town team will havo something to do in the way of play to score victory. The Southern team should be solccted without loss of timo, so as to allow opportunity for practice. CRICKET CONCERT.-It ia announced that a oon cort in aid of the funds of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association will take place at tho Odd follows' Hall, on Monday evening, the 7th Feb- ruary,' The principal vocal aud instrumental parts will bo sustained by members of tho association, assisted by several of the Bohomiau Club, from Victoria. A METEOR.- On Saturday evening, between 9 and 10 o'clock, the attention of a large number of persons was attracted to a very brilliant meteor, which fell apparently in Melville-street. The night was dark, and the meteor was distinctly observed at a considerable distance. . T«E|iIfBv. CHARLES,"CLARKE'S LECTURES. fit.(Atkins 'bus will leave Sandy Bay at 7'p.m., and return after the lecture. Late car« will abo run to New Town. To-Nioirr's LECTURE.-It is scarcely necessary to remind our readers that, the note of preparation having been duly sounded, the Rev. Charles Clark will give his opening lectnre in the Town Hall this evening. That paragraph in the advertisement is worthy of notice which states that Mr. Clark gives all his entertainments without book or note ; for aa mere efforts of memory, the illustrative recitals introduced into the first Dickens' lecture must be very remarkable The recitals to-night will be selected from " David Copperfield," " Pickwick Papers," "Old Curiosity Shop," and "Martin Uhuzzlewit." For the convenience of suburban visitors, late buses will run to New Town and Sandy Bay after the leotare. i THE REV. MR. STOBBS.-The services at St. John's Presbyterian Church, Macquarie-Btreet, yesterday, were conducted by the Rev. Mr. Stobbs, of Melbourne. The congregation on both occasions was' unusually large. In the morning the rev. gentleman preached an impressive discourse from the vii.'Luke, 2G v.," " But what wout yo out for to see." The preacher touched on the prevalence pf that feeling'which caused many persons (to flock to hear a preacher, without any consideration as to their religious obligation, a feeling not less to be condemned than thatconventionalistnwhichactuated the attendance upon ordinances merely because it was correct and fashionable to do so. The import of the text was, he said, to show that differences of opinion were not so much differences iu fact as in the mediums through which the facts were seen, and 'instanced the opinions formed by different persons of the same political person or party, showing how a partisan press would ? glorify everything that fell' from its favourites ; whilst au opposition journal would unhesitatingly con- demn as factious and unscrupulous the very thing or line of conduct that received so much praise from the other. He commented strongly upon this disposition to prejudgment, and urged that as we were so much subject to prejudice of one kind or another, prejudice of education, of associa ciation, or of birth, men should be charitable in their judgment of others, particularly in religious matters, in which those holding different doctrines and opinions should ho treated with due toleration, á of freedom as they would claim for themselves. In the evening the text was Matthew xiv. 23, "And Jesus went up into1 a mountain to prav." In his discourse Mr. Stobbs showed how a man's character was formed first by the world and home influences, secondly by solitude, and lastly by prayer. The sermon was even more impressive than that of the morning. 1 MEMORIAL CHURCH LECTURES.-The concluding lecture of the-conrsei which has been delivered by the Rev. W. C Robinson on " Our Lord's teaching concerning Himself and His mediatorial work," was delivered yesterday morning. The large congre- gations which have listened to them show the deep interest they have excited. On every religious question our Lord's teaching must be the ultimate appeal, and especially so in the subject discussed yesterday,-"The eternal state of the righteous and the wicked." The text was St. Matthew xxv. 4G v., "These shall go away into everlasting punish- ment, but the righteous into life eternal." After explaining the structure and use of the word a'wnion, translated "everlasting" and also "eternal" in the text, the rev. gentleman discussed these three tonics :-The subjection of man, as a responsible being, to the moral government of God ; the eternal state of tho righteous con- sidered'in' relation'to this government; and the eternal state of the wicked in relation to the same. Under the first head it was shown that Christ tcaihesus we are under the government of God, that we shall all he judged, and that according to the account we render will our future be. The several points illustrating this part of the subjeot were : the idea of responsibility and government entered into every relation of life-the impossibility of well-being in any state without the ultimate authority of law-human governments in some degree representative of the government of God sin, which is a violation of the divine law, induces two evils, one in relation to God and His law, the other in the injury to man himself-redemption by Christ is the removal of both, the Christian is reconciled to God and law, and possesses that renewal of nature which makeB obedience pleasant. _ The wicked voluntarily continue in a state which is one of opposition against God. The remaining portion <>f the discourse was based upon these principles. Heaven was spot.en of as a state of deliverance from evil, of eternal life and blessedness, consequently of personal development, of social confidence and friendship, of action, as the issue of a holy and blessed life. The concluding part was on the eternal state of the wicked, as viewed in relation to the principles of moral government. The moral condition is one of sin and opposition to the law of God. It is not the will of God that any should Perish, but there was an obstacle in the opposing will of the ainner. To force tliat will would be impossible, and if possible would destroy the moral ogenoy of the man. With this nature- repugnant to law, unsubdued by love-the sinner goes into eternity. God's threatonings wore then alluded to, which, in thoir most terrible force, were uttered by the loving Saviour. Love could .not ignore juBtice. The only possibility of salvation to the lost must, on the lowest supposition, rest upon the around of their penitence and moral 'change. What was to produce thiB ? The loving father yearns to Bavo his child, but what if the child refuses to return? It might be Boid God could save all. But they must Bear in mind that God could act only in perfect accord with juaticeand wisdom and moral goodness. It was not a question of might, but of moral influence acting on the basis of moral law. " Are there, will there be, ministers of mercy in hell ? There is a matter of pure specula-( tion." The word of Christ to the rich man (Luke xvijwas '¡There isa great gulf fixed, etc," and »gain " If they hear not Moses and the Prophets, neither will they be persuaded i though one rose from the dead." Mr. Robinson said, " Looking at the question abstractedly I do not soe that a supplementary offer of mercy is impossible^ but we, have not to do with abstract possibilities, but with the revelation of truth by Jesus Christ. And His words are words of awful significance " These shall go away into everlasting punishment, but the righteous into life eternal." The sermon closed with an appeal to make sure of salvation now, and not to riBk the soul's oternal interests upon a specu- lation. ' THE MORMON MISSIONARIES.-The missionaries from Salt Lake held their second service yesterday afternoon, at the Oddfellow's Hall. At the begin- ning there was only about'a dozen persoiiB present, but in the course of half-an-hour the congregation in- creased considerably. There was nothing particu- larly attractive about the service, and those who went expecting to bear something very startling were disappointed. After singing and prayer, Mr. Burton read the 11th chapter of Hebrews, commen- cing " Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen," and then oxpstiated at some length on the doctrine of faith,' which he said was the tirat principle they believed in, the foundation of their gospel. He defined faith in a.manner that orthodoxy could not by any, possibility take exception to, supporting all his principal assertions by quoting texts of scripture very freely. Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, lie said, was not of itself salvation ; they believed in first faith, next repentance, fol- lowed by baptism, and tho reception of the Holy Ghost by the laying'ou of hands. When Mr. Burton had finished, his coadjutor, Mr.' Swan, took up the same subject. No doubt all present, he said, believed what had just been said to thenv and were ready to exclaim, " How foolish it ia of you to como so far to tell us this,'when we can < hear it any day at our own churches." But the fact was that they (the Mormons) went fuither. They behoved in the principle of faith as Christ taught it. They believed .(hat faith gave all power in the universe, and that was one of the pointa of différence between them and the rest of the world. If they had faith, the samo faith that Jesus Christ taught, the same faith that the Apostles taught, and which they in- culcated in their disciples, was it not evident that they ought to have the same power ? The apoaker 'wcut on to contend that tho power of casting out devils, of healing the eiok, and of doing many other things, still oxisted in thoso who had sufficient faith- ridiculing the idea that auch power passed away' fiom tho earth with tho apostles. At the oloao of.tllu service, in response to au invitation, a number of persona remained to receivo tracts and put questions to the missionaries. ' \ A HINT TO TH¿ POLICE.-It is satisfactory to ob- serve the now:horu vigour with which the polico aro trying to reduco a orying street nuisance ; but there ia another nuisanoo, in a' different direction, which also requires abatement. ' We allude to the practice of lads bathing off the jetties iu the domain and elsewhere during prohibited hou», and running abi)u,t ii) a state of nudity. This breaoh of a well known und necessary bye- law was' carried on to an ontragoous extent last Saturday afternoon about the hour when hundreds of poople wore returning to town from listening to the hand in the Botanic Gar- dens. By a little oxtra attention to this matter the police might do a servico worthy of pi aise. A DANOEROUS PRAOI'IHF.-It seoms impossible to put down the uso of that dangorouB hvstrumtnt tho catapult. On Saturday evening, about nino o'olouk, just when Liverpool-Btreot is moot crowded, a mai bio waa sent through the platu glass window of Mr. Walker's boot shop. The window was atruqk three times within fivo minutes. Tho first timp a boy waa pointed out to Mr. Walkor as the offender, but aa the window had not then boen broken, tho youngaler was very foolishly pormitted to go away, For the safety of pedestrians, as well as the pro- tection of property, boys oanght using catapultB ought to be punished in some way. THE MOWER.-Wo havo the following piooe of natural history fiom a gentleman of tho Clarence municipality. Although, apparently, fully entitled to ciodoiioo, wo take it cum ¡¡rano mik:-In a pad- dock over tlie hay, when tho toapiug machines were woi king away, an old sheep bitch lay in the hay. At the chatter of tho machino sho roso up, to savo her life by losing hor tail. Close by, and within a vard or two, lay, in the huatof the day, four pretty little leverets, and, as the horsos were stopped, the yoting things were saved and placed beneath some 'cocks of corn, where their mother comet to MC them every night. THE RECENT THUNDERSTORM.-A correspondent writes from Oatlands on the 28th ult. :-" The grandest thunderstorm, with the loudest thunder and the heaviest rain I have over known in my life, has passed over Oatlands within the last hour. Tho rain burst faiily through my shingles into my kitchen in torrents, and although my house is fairly watertight, all the eatables on - the table --were spoiled. Tho streets were flooded with a strong flowing stream in less than a quarter of an hoar, and tho wind blow two honeysuckle trees down in | front of my garden. It mint have dono awful ' damage among the hay and corn, HH it fairly smashed down to the earth a paddock of oats in front of my place. Ihave seen it rain in Sydney, Melbourne, and in New Caledonia, but I never saw anything like the rain of Friday in my life. The lightning flashed every second, and the thunder crashed away like thirty-two pound guns. I havo not been out yet to hear of the damage done, but the whole place, I can see from my door, is in a commotiou about it. No doubt you wiU'hear much about the storm from Bothwell; whence it came in a leaden purple-tinged cloud. A number of fences has been blown down around me. All is perfectly calm and quiet now except tho rumbling, thunder, i,wl fho ann is dimlv shining on the, wreck. I never saw so much water fall in such a short space of time anywhere. The downfall quite realised my idea of a hurricane in the South Pacific, gecan, of, which I have seen the results within a week after its occurrence. The storm travelled due west and east, and the wind was simply terrific, a loud moan- ing accompanying it. I don't think it could have been more than a quarter of a mile wide, if so much, as it came up from the Table Mountain, but I fancy there was a similar column travelling in the 'same direction west to east about a milo or so1 further eastward, as I could see two columns when it was four or five unies distant from this place. I have just heard that the wind blew down two fine poplar trees at the Rev. Martin Keohan's place ; they were snapped as short as carrots. The main road was flooded for about ten milc3 right across from side to side. It has beon, however, the best season ' for grass here known for many years ; in fact, altogether a strange season." Another correspondent, also writing from Oatlands, says : -" A hurricane passed over the township of Oat- lands this afternoon, which, for violence, has been unprecedented. It commenced about 5 o'clock, and lasted quite an hour. The thunder and lightning, accompanied by a hurricane of whirlwinds and a perfect deluge of ruin, rendered for a time the heavens a perfect chaos. During the storm doors and windows were blown down ; cases and casks were overthrown ; timber from a, neighbouring timber yard could be seen high up in the heavens ; houses were deluged with water, trees were uprooted in every direction, and the streets and surrounding fields were in a very short time one vast sheet of foaming water. Such was the effect produced by the fury of the elements that I assure you many a stout heart quailed while it lasted. I bave not an opportunity of hearing what actual damage has been done to buildings, etc., bnt I fully expect to hear of a good deal.". To the foregoing particulars we may add that a field of wheat near the Tea Tree was completely washed away, , ¡ EFFECTS OF FRIDAY'S THUNDERSTORM.-The tele graphio Station at Mount Nelson was struck by lightning on Friday evening about six o'clock, during the absence of the signal mau, and the con- nections of the instrument injured to such an extent that communication with Hobart Town was interrupted during all Saturday. The injury was repaired and messages transmitted on Saturday evening. Mr. Hollinsdale, who was struck by lightning in his gardon in Harrington-street, had so far recovered from the effects of the stroke as to be able to attend to business on Saturday. A HORSE KILLED BY LIOHTNINO.-During the severe thunderstorm on Friday afternoon three horses belonging to Mr. Radford, who rents a grazing run at the rear of the Queen's Asylum, became frightened by the frequency of the light- ning flashes and thunder claps, and immediately made for Mr. Radford's dwelling-house. While the frightened animals were standing in a row, the centre horse was struck dead by a nash of lightning, while his companions on either1 side escaped unin jured. HOSPITAL CASES.-A young man, l8 years of age, named George Gibbs, was thrown from a horso at Green Ponds on Friday morning, and sustained a fracture of the collar bone. He was brought to tho General Hospital on the following day, whoro he still remains. William Bullock, aged,38,, was brought i to the hospital on Saturday morning, suffering from a broken rib, caused by a kick from a horse at Kangaroo Valley on the previous Thurs- day ; he remains in the hospital for the presout. A man named William Mott, 21 years of age, while carrying posts at Recherche Bay last Thursday, tripped himself up, and had his left arm fractured by the load falling upon him. Ho was brought to town, and placed in the hospital for treatment, where he still rémains. John Myles, aged 49, caine to the hospital on Saturday night, sufforing from two wounds on his hoad, caused, according to his account, by his wife,, who was drunk', striking him on the head with a whitelead can. After having his wounds' dressed, ho roturned home. BEWARE OF SNAKES. - About eight o'clock yes- terday morning, while a gentleman was passing near the Good Woman public-house, corner of Warwick and Argyle- streets, he observed a small whip snake, about eighteen inches long, wriggle through a garden fence and make straight for the gutter, apparently for the purposo of getting a drink. He immediately pursued the reptile, and despatched it. WASTE OF WATER,-The attention of the Director of Waterw orks is requested to a wasto of water in Edward-street, at tho rear of the High School, caused, no doubt, by a leakage in tho main pipe. The water was running all Sunday, and ns the people in that quarter often experience a short supply, in consequence of the force required to send the water up there, we trust tho defect will bo remedied as soon as passible. ' HoiiEKfl FOR ELWICK.-It will be seen on reference to our telegraphic intelligence that Sum Waldock's string, consisting of King of Diamonds, Blazes, and My Idea, arrived at Launceston by the Derwent on Saturday, en route for Elwick. All thrao horses are eutured for the Hobart Town Cup and Tas- manian Handicap. > , CLARENCE AND MUDDY PLAINS RACES.-By an advertisement iii another column, the Hon. Secretary of the above races, reminds owners of horses that acceptances, accompanied with 1 so v., must ho sent in not later than to-morrow. THE TASMANIAN RACING CLUH.-Owners of horses are again, reminded that to-morrow is tho day on which the final payment has to be' made for the Hobart Town Cup, and acceptances'for tho Tas- manian Handicap and Steeplechase, which closo at 4 p.m., up to which hour 'also nominations .will be received by the Hon. Secretary for tho Hurdle Race,, Welter Cup, and other minor oven tu, noRARTTowN AMATEUR'DRAMATIC Cr.un.'--The members of tho Amateur Dramatic Club are to give a bonefit at the Oddfellows Hall, on Tuesday, the 8th February, to Mrs. Lipscombe, whoso son was drownod in tho hatbuur last Monday ovoning, while practising for the punto race in the lato regatta. Tho pieces selected for tho occasion are tho domestic drama of The lient Day (which.was successfully performed by the Club some short time since), and tho mirth- provoking farce of Lodgers and Dodgers. As young Lipscombe bore an excellent character, %nil was the only support of a widow mother, who is left in rather destitute circumstanccs/wo trust that the public will respond to tho appeal made by the Dramatio Club ou behalf of Mrs. Lipscombe, by giving her a bumpor house. , . CITY OF HOBART GOLD MININO COMPANY.-Tho eighth half-yearly general meeting of shareholders will be held at the Masonic Hall, at half-past seven o'clock. ' H , PLEASURE'1 TRIP AND PÍOJÍIO. '- Tho stcainor Monarch will make an excursion down D'Entrecas teaux Channel on Weduesday next, leaving the Franklin Wharf at 11'a.m., anti returning homo by 7 p.m. Particulars appear in anpthpr column. SOUTHPORT Sciipgj,.- In tho report of tho pro- ceedings in connection' 'with this' school1 that appeared in Saturday's Mercury we regret that the name Groves was substituted for Graves. Tho fault was not with this office. , n ,, , "MONSIEUR" AGAIN,-The Paris Solr gravely informed ita readers during the recent visit of tho Lord Mayor of London, that the mace which was carried'before him is the bauble' which 'Cromwell flung passionately on tho floor, and that it still beal s traces of the fall. 