THE NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH, FORTITUDE VALLEY. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Church of England, Fortitude Valley, was performed Saturday afternoon last, by tlio Bishop of Brisbane, assisted by the Revs. J. Love, J". Sutton, R. Creyke, D. A. Court,and *F. Richmond. -.There were about 150 persons present. His Lordship commenced by reading the prayers suitable to the occasion, after which the lesson, LChronicles chapter xxix:, was read by Archdeacon Glennie. The stone was then lowered into its place, his Lordship declaring it " to be: well and truly laid in the name of the Father,:' the Son,'' and, the. Holy Ghost." In a cavity under the stone was placed a tin box, containing copies of the local newspapers, and a parchment containing the following inscription: " The memorial stone of this church', dedicated to'tho worship of the Everblessed Trinity—and to bo: called the Church of the Holy Trinity—was laid on the 29th day, of April, ,1870, by the Right: Rev. Mathew Blagden Hale, D.D. Bishop of Brisbane. William Wellington Cairns, C.M.G.,being Governor of the Colony ; Richard Ash.Kingsford, Mayor of Brisbane James Love, incumbent .of the Parish ; James Gibbon and Henry Wyborn, churchwardens; F. D. G. Stanley, architect; and James Robin son, builder."' A handsome silver trowel, pre sented by Mr. E. MacDonnell. and containing the following inscription: "Presented to M. B.1 Hale, D.D. Bishop , of . Brisbane, on the tho occasion of laying the,foundation stone of Holy Trinity Church, Fortitude Valliey; April 29, 1876;": was used by his Lordship in perform ing the ceremony. After the stone was laid an appropriate hymn was, sung, after which a piate was laid on the stone for the purpose of receiving 'the contributions of those present; and donations to the amount of £49 10s. were received. The benediction was then pronounced by his Lordship, and the meeting separated. Tlhe site of the now building is in,the immediate rear of the present one, and already consider able progress had been made with the founda tions. The estimated cost of the new building is £3,800, and of this £2,400 has already-been collected. 