TALES MS SKETCHES. A VERY WOMAH.* BY M. F. O'Malley. 'Chapter V. , A bow shot from her bower eaves, '?;.' He rode between tho barter shcivea, Tho ami came iloz^linif through the leaves, ' JkiiiX flamed upon the brazen greaves Of bold Sir Lancelot. ,' . . From tho bank and from the river . , Ho flashed into the crystal mirror, '?Tira lirra,' by the river, sang sir .Lancelot. ??::?? TK. HfSOS. ? ' ? As it foil upon a day ? ? In tho mtrry month of JIay. The snnbeama wero streaming down warm and golden through tho leaves of tho overarching trees that shadowed Coppett's Line. Tho hedgo rowa were white with JIay blossom. On tho banks, and in tho ditches, multitudes of liltlo speedwells looked up with their bright bluo eyes to heaven, and tho fragile white star of Beth lehem trembled at every breath of her lovor tho ?wind. Countless multitudes of white butter flies flitted about ; birds wero chirping and twittering ; and high up, lost to sight, a lark poured out a flood of ' harmonious madnaas.' ' Angol, Angel,' callod out a voice from tho little wood on the left side of the lane, 'como and look. Hero is tho most beautiful littlo soft squirrel sitting on thi3 trco.' Amongst tho silvery grey trunks of the becch ,?- trees appeared Frank, in a short, bluo print dres3, a sailor hat on her head, and not a day older in appcaranco than when sho had frightened Miss Petro with tho ghost, though nearly a year bad passed sinco then. But who is this tall and beaubiful maiden, the flickering aunbeams falling on her uncovered, bronze-colored hair, a largo straw hat filled with, flowers hanging by a ribbon from one hand, an open book in tho other? Can this ntately and brilliant creature, radiant with health as Hebe herself, bo the delicate convent flower, Angela ? Aa eho ?walks along tho lane, with a grand free grace of carriage and movement, ahe looks worthier of the classic days, when beauty of form was bo much prized, than of the compressed and ungraceful period of modern fashion plates. The English life had indeed made a groat change in Angela. Sho had had abundanco of fresh, pure air, abundanco of exercise, rides, walka, and drives, country milk, wholesome food, eariy hoars, and young companions to laugh and jest with ; and, having naturally a fino conatitu tion, tho result had been to dovelop rapidly all her physical nature. On her cheeks the -waxen paleness bad been replaced by an exquisite soft tiloom, and her littlo pearls of teeth gleamed be tween lips of rich livo scarlet. Sho seemed now A daughter of tho Rods, divinely tall, And most divinely fair ; end appeared several yeara older than Frank, ysho was but a slip of a girl. 'Too lato, Angel,' Baid Frank, as her cousin turned round. 'Mrs. Squirrel has Gono to look after her children, while you have boen mooning over that stupid old book of yours. What is it ? Poetry J I declare you read poetry from morning till night ! Here, givo me your flowers, and lot mo tio them up, and put on your hat. ' You will frecklo your skin, my dear/ as grandmamma says. Look hore, let us sit down under tho shado of tho treca hero at the edgo of the wood, and you can road me some of that stuff if you liko, whilo I tie up thoso flowers. Theso blue things ore just like Harry Vane's eyes.' They sat.down accordingly undor a great beech ireo, and Angel read aloud Tennyson'a ' Lady of Bhalott. ? She did not finish it, howovor, for the r lm? ? °holy of tho last Part Eeomcd uncuited to the bright, wann, frC3h day. Certainly it was the .perfection of weather, very unliko the usual ?east winds of tho month of May. The yellow afternoon sunbeams glinted through tho tender young green of tho beech trees, and played hide and-scek amongst Angel's rich coils of hair. On -ho other sido of tho lano tho hodgo seemed as though it were covered with snow, so whito was . ?t with thorn blossom, which tho pure,' intoneo blue of tho sky throw into dazzling relief. It i ? xvaa very still and peaceful. A gcntlo breeze , *uatled now and then in tho foliage. Frank's l-»g deerhound, Roswal, lay beside his mistress ? lanting heavily; a woodpecker was tap, tap, aPpi'gi Bomowhero cIoeo by ; tho lark's song had grown faint and distant. Frank whistled be neath her breath as sho arranged her flowers, and Angel lay back on tho grass dreaming. What ia it a young girl dream3 of when sho looks up to tho bluo sky and listens to tho song of tho birds in the 'freshening breath of opon ing May ?' Doe3 not her ' fancy lightly turn to thoughts of love?' In hor Liege convont, Angol had boon brought up in an ascotic and artificial school of thought ; sho had boon taught to be liovo that tho world was only a placo of sorrow and temptation, and that earthly Iovo and happi ness wero dangorous, if not wrong. Sho had not knowingly renounced this teaching. Every day sho went to tho little grey chapel in tho wood, to read hor ' Imitation,' and to pray for renuncia tion and spirituality ; but, in tho now life' on which sho had entered, her imagination had found other outlets than by tho way of ascoti cism ; and during the past year, tho great Mother Nature had nursed her in her arms, and had whispered to her of woman's truo lot— to love and be loved. And then Angela had filled her mind for a year past with Iovo stories and pooras ; so, as sho looked up into tho rustling grcon of tho bocch trees, sho was dreaming, not of hcavon, but of tho unknown lover of tho future.' Ho was quito vaguely in tho future— this lovor. Tho cousins were still in their unfledged schoolroom state, and Angela had not as jot had any opportunity of judging, either by observation or by ex perience, as to whether it was possible- to ' Iovo as Miranda loved.' On tho whole, however, she waa beginning to believe in the possibility. Only, of course, the object must realiso her ideal of a 'prcux chevalier.' Such a perfect knight, not as tho ' blameless king,' who seemed to her, as to Guinevere, ' cold and colorless,' but as his mirror of chivalry, Lancelot. The Lancolot of the old chronicler, as woll as of the Idylls of the Laureate ; for Angel had discovered Sir Thomaa Mallory'a Morte d'Arturo in the library, and hal lost herself delightedly in its quaint, old- world pages, Sho was now drcamily~think ing about Elaine and Lancelot, and repeating, meanwhile, softly, bo mo of tho poem sho had read to Frank, when there camo tho tramp of a horse's feet in the lano, and, looking up, Angel saw, como riding jound tho turn of tho road, — Sir Lancelot himself, or at least iiia modern pro* totype ! Sir Lancolot rode a handsome, powerful-looking black horse. Ho himself was a large man, with clear-cut aquiline features, a heavy, dark mous tache, and what is usually callod an aristocratic air. Ho seemed to Angel as if ho had como straight out of the poom, aa he rode along in tho ' bluo, uncloudod weathor ;' while ' his broad, clear brow in sunlight glow'd,' according to Tennyson'a description. Hia ' coal-black hair ' did not flow, however ; it was close. cropped — modern fashion. Neither did horse and man gleam with gold and jewels, aa in tho3O pic turesque days of old ; but still tho modern cava lier looked somehow as though ho might worthily havo taken his place amid the chivalry of tho Round Table. Angela had observed so much, when Frank suddenly sprang up, exclaiming, ' Harry ! I do doclaro !' ' Frank !' rcpliod a deep, pleasant voice. ' Ab usul, attended by ItoswaL Hallo, Roswal ; hallo, old boy ! are you glad to seo me, eh ?' Sir Lancelot dismounted quickly, and stood with his horse's bridle over ono arm, and Frank's littlo hand in his grasp ; while Roawal jumped about, baying ' deep- monthed welcome ;' and Angela, watching tho scone, looked as though she wero somo lovely Hamadryad, just stopped out of tho gnarled old treo besido her. 'Angel,' said Frank, turning round, 'this io my cousin, Captain Vano ; Captain Vane, Miss Willoughby. There, did I do that properly ?' King would havo been charmed !' ' Did Miss King teach you how to introduce ?'* said Captain Vane, looking amusod. ' Oh, don't talk of it !' said Frank ; ' we learned how to make introductions, and receive visitors, and got into a carriage, and walk back wards at court, and all sorts of bosh ; and it wasn't a bit of good tolling them that I never in tended to go to court, and that I always meant to jump straight into a carriage, without making all that fuss !' ' Poor Frank !' Baid Captain Vane, laughing ; ' was she very much bullied ? Stop a. bit, I will tie black Auster to a tree, and ho can amuso him self eating tho bushes, whilo wo sit down again. Well, now toll mo, Frank, what you havo been doing all this timo? It's nearly a year since I've seen you. What an awful shame it was not to let you come to St. Michael's during my long leave I1' ' Wasn't it horrid ?' said Frank ; ' and there wo wero in that ugly, smoky London, having singing masters, and music masters, and dancing masters, and German masters, and Italian mas ters, and French masters.' ' Good gracious ! how frightfully accomplished yon must bo !' was tho response. 'Not I; I'm much too stupid. It all went in at one ear and out at the ether with me. You must go to Angela for tho accomplishments. Sho and Herr Steinmann, tho German inastor, used to work thomsolvcs up into a most tremendous state of excitement about somo rubbishy old book of poetry, and I used to go to sleep !' ' Aro you fond of poetry, Miss Willoughby J' &aid; Captain Vane, turning to Angela. ' Yes,' replied Angol, rather shyly. 'I was reading Tennjson'3 Lady of Shalott to Frank just beforo wo saw you ; and when you came riding along tho lano wo thought you woro Sir Lancelot.' Captain Vane looked flalterod, but a littlo puzzled. 'Sir Lancelot was a great hero, I know that,' he eaid ; 'so of courso I am very grateful for tho compliment; but I can't say that I am much up in Tennyson. I think Byron ia wirth a hundred of him, or I liko good spirited verses liko Macaulay's and Aytoun'a lays. Something that warms up ono's blood, and sounds liko a trnmpot call.' 'Oh, dou't talk about poetry l' broko in Frank. 'Angel's quito bad enough about it already. She is always mooning over it.' Frank's bluo eyes laughed and sparkled, and tboro was a pretty pink Hugh in her fair chooka. Ao Hurry Vano looked from ono to tho other of the cousins he thought that they mado a charm ing contrast, and that Angola was certainly a beautiful girl. That soft color in hor cheeks was liko the sunny sido of a peach ; and what long, dark eyelashes she had. Captain Vain felt a long ing to look onco more- at tho eyes which they shaded, and addressed his noxt remark pointedly to tho half-shy, half-stately beauty. 'I think Lady Trehcrno told mo yon and Frank stayod with her for a month, Mis3 Willoughby. Did you liko Brighton ?' 'Vory much,' said Angol. 'I liked tho bands playing, and tho gay, bright look of ovcry thing ; and I liked riding on tho Downs.' 'Oh, you rodo there'/' remarked Harry. ' Did you go out with a lot of other young ladies and a riding-mastor ? ' Sit a littlo more square, if you pleaso, miss. Look botween your 'orBe'3 cars.1' ' So likely that I'd rido liko that !' Eaid Frank, indignantly. ' I thought that would fetch you, Frank. Well, what did you do at Brighton'?'1 ' Ob, it wasn't so bad,' au3wored Frank, ' in spito of grandmamma. Wo used to got up awfully early, and go out in a boat, with an old sailor that wo knew.' 'Allalono?' 'Alonowith tho old boatman. Mind you don't toll, Harry ; for, of course, grandmamma didn't know,' ' Poor grandmamma ! Really, Frank, I am afraid that it ia my painful duty to inform her of such a fearful raisdomeanor.' ' You'd better not,' said Frank. ' I'd novor speak to you again. Dou't troublo yourself, Angel ; ho'a only teasing. Besides, ho doesn't dure do auch a thing !' ' I daro do all that doth beeomo a man,' ro sponded Harry, with mock gravity. 'Well, I won't tell this time, if you're vory good ; but I will keep it for the next timo you treat mo badly.' Captain Vano thought within himself that a man might bo under worse conditions than to sit in this summer shade, with a thousand sweet sounds and smolla delighting his senses, a pretty littlo cousin liko Frank to laugh and talk wifeh, and such a lovely woman a? Angela Willoughby to ?watch and admire. Nothing pleasant can last for over, though. A hearty voico was heard ex claiming — ' Sir Harry Vane ! Sir Harry Vano ! Tho Lord deliver me from Sir Harry Vano !'' And Mr. Willoughby appeared on his strong, brown cob. ' Glad to sno yon, Hirry, my boy. Where did you and black Auster spring from in this unex pected manner?' ' I havo been staying at tho barracks at Credis ham, and I thought I would ride over a day or two before you expocted me. I have sent my traps over.' ' Ah, well, the sooner the better. No need to givo any notico to up. Well, Frank, hero is Harry turned up in timo for the ball, after all !' 'What ball?' 'Do you moan to say you have been two minutea with thosa young ladies, and haven't hcaid about the ball ? Why, these young women aro going to 'Come out,' or whatever it's called, and we aro going to have a masked ball to cele brate the affair.' 'Not masked ball, fancy ball, Uncle George,' corrected Angola. 'Ah, ch, well, I daresay. All I know is, I've struck against making a Tom fool of inysolf in any absurd dress. However, I am only going to be let off on condition I woar either yeomanry uniform or pink. I think perhaps tho formor will look a triflo tho least ridiculous at this time of year.' 'Now, I think you look beautiful in your yeomanry uniform, Uncle George.' '* Do I, my pet ? Where havo you beon getting all that pink paint in your cheeks, eh ? Doesn't Bhe do credit to Crofton air, Harry 1 Ah, I for got-you didn't see her when sho first camo here ? a regular little snowdrop. Harry, who waatho bad roan who invented balls ? I havo a great grudge against him at present. However, I havo some faint hopes of an escape ; for I shall havo to go down to Cornwall on business to-morrow, andl think I might manage to stay there till after tho 1st.' ' Why, you'll have to be here to take in all the dowagers to supper, Daddy,' said Frank. ''England expects,' &c;,' said Harry. ' You won't bo allowed to cry off.' 'No, I suppose not: worso luck! However, joking apart, I must really be off to Cornwall to morrow, to see Treherne'a now steam-plough beforo he takes out the patent. Frank, you shall como with me, and we'll leave Angel to enter tain Harry.' 'How long shall yon bo away, Diddy ?' asked Frank, without much alacrity in her tono. '? Oh, four or five days. Back in plonty of timo for tho ball. Don't yon icant to como with me, Frank ?' Frank's quick ear detected a shado of disap pointment in hor father's tono, and oho answered readily — ' Ob, yes, Daddy ; I should like to go with you very much.' 'Well, tell nurso to pack up your traps to night, then. I must go on now. Girls, don't you keop mo waiting for my dinner, as you did last night. Harry, I havo sorao good Madeira for you to taste. Go on, Brownie.' That evening Mr. Willoughby again mentioned tho Cornwall project. ' Dear .me, Gcorgo,' said Mrs. Willoughby, ' do you really mean you are going away jiojo t It is really hard that I should havo all tho burden of preparations for tho ball.' ' Woll, my dear,' was the deprecatory answer: ' I really can't help it, I am going on a matter of .business.' ' I think yon might havo been more thought ful,' continued hia wifo in tho tamo plaintive tono. Mr. Willoughby was serenely good-tempered, but his better half had been talking in this strain all day, and human endurance has its limits, so ho replied hastily, ' Well, well, my dear, eay no more about it : I am sure I dou't know who should bavo tho trouble of if, if it's not you, for it's entirely your own doing. A«gol, who felt tho conversation uncomfortable, hero atauck in with a diversion — ' 'Aunt Marian, do you know wo havo to lot tho dress maker know to-morrow what drc33C3 wo havo decidod on, and wo havo settled nothing yet? At least Frank and I haven't.' ' I havo !'' said Fiunk. 'I amgoiugasa vivandiere.' ' A vivandiere f was tho General exclanntion. 'What could havo put such an extraordinary idea into your head, Frank ?' ' A perfectly inappropriate dress for a debit' tante,' said Mrs, Willoughby. 'I can't help it,' rojoincd F.rank decidedly. ' I can't abide all your fallals and streamers. It would drive mo wild to havo my hair all piled up and powdered aa you aro going to do yours, mamma. I shall bo Ci^arotto ia Uuder Tivo Flags.' ' You ought to bo ashamod to own to having read such a book,' said her mother. 'If I do a thing, I'm not ashamed to own to it,' replied Miss Frank, tossing up hor hoad. Angol again interposoil. ' Well, I haven't settled anything, except that I want to wear white satin, for I havo a great deal of it that Lady Troherno gave- mo.' ' Go as a brido,' suggested Captain Vano. 'That isn't lucky,' she roplied, laughing and looking up at him, Her oyes mot his, and thoro was in hia glanco such an expression of undis guised admiration that Angel felt suddenly so shy that she longed for somo excuse to leavo tho room. Frank meanwhile was petting her kitten, but now lookod up and remarked—' I know, Angol. You know that picture of Juliet and Romeo in tho drawing-room, Julio t haa on a white satin dress.' ' That is a good idea, Frank,' said Mrs. Wil louchby, for onco approving a suggestion. ' I want to havo a Shakspcaro quadrille. Yes, Angel, ' Juliet' would bo a very protty dress for you.' ' You nono of you asked mo what I'm going to wear,' said Harry in a mock-piteous tono. 'ShalllboShylock?' 11 Go as Sir Launcelot,' said Angel. ' Aro you ready to come to bed, Frank? I am very tired. Good-night, Aunt Marian.' Chapreh VI. It is the hour when from tho boughs ? The nightingale*1 hiph note is heard ; It is tho huur when lovora' vowa Seem sweet in every whispered word. Brnos. Tho first of Juno, tho day fixed for the ball, arirved at last. For a week past Angola and Captain Vane had been thrown much together, as Mr. Willoughby and Frank had gono down to Cornwall, and Mrs. Willoughby spent most of the day in tho retirement of her own morning room. When first her uncle and cousin wont away, Angel breakfasted in tho schoolroom with the children, and then spent hor morning aa usual wandering in tho park or woods with a book. Before long, however, Harry began to find out her haunts, and to como upon her with a vain attempt to look as though it were an accidental encounter ; and then — tho book would bo laid aside; After all, life ia better than books ! It is moro interesting to act poetry than to read it ; and is not this poetry ? This blue summer sky, where ths lark ia trilling and ahaking out a flood of melody ; this soft air fanning tho cheek ; theso golden sunbeams flickering through tho young green of the trees ; and these looks of admiration and devotion which ever and anon her eyes on counter. So there were long rides through wood and lano, to every old ruin or church for mile3 round ; gamca]of croquet, at which Ethel and Nolly com plained that Harry and Angela ' talked too much to pay attention to the game ;' and, pleas* antest of all, rows on tho quiet curving river. Angel would dabble her white hands in tho water, and watch tho green waving woeda down below tho crystal clearness, whilo Harry rowed quietly on; past tho banks whero tho forgot-mo-not peeped out from amongst tho sedges ; past tho meadow fieldK, where tho tall grey-blossomed grass was waiting for the scythe; under tho shadow of overarching trcoa ; past tho sleepy cattle, lazily chewing tho cud, or standing ra the rippling water. Then in the evenings, it was bo warm that Mrs. Willoughby was lured into having coffoe out of doors. And the moon shone down on tho two young people ; and tho nightingale sang hor passionate love-song; and the wind whispered mysteriously in the trees. Captain Vano know well enough where all these summer hours wero drifting him. Angela was simply tho moat beautiful woman ho had ever aeon, and not only did her beauty and graco fascinate him, but her religion, her foreign edu cation, her enthusiastic and emotional naturo, all added a certain tono of romanco to his idea of her, and touched an unsuspected vein of poetry dcop down in his nature. Besides, there was about Angel somothing virginal, something cold, and white, and untouched, which surrounded her with a kind of invhiblo barrier, and mado him see in her, not merely a lovely woman to bo ad mired or caressed, but a pure maiden to be worshipped -and all theso things had aroused in him a passiou to which a touch of ideality added a powerful charm. And what of Angel hersolf ? Angel would havo found it difficult to dofino her own feelings during thoso early summer days, Sho waa happy ; sho was vaguely excited ; sho felt, without realising, the Iovo that was laid at her feet. Thoro was a girlish delight in tho ro manco ; thero was a sudden awakening of the wo man's senso of power ; tho knowledge that by a word or a look sho could play on tho strings of a man's heart, and ovoko what tones 8bo would. As to Harry himsolf, she admired his beauty, his proud distinction of air, even his physicial strength had an attraction for her, it was liko that of Lancelot and tho knights of old. And, too, Harry waa liko thoso heroes of Angela's imagin ation in other ways than appearance. Ho had soniothing noblo about hia naturo which could bo soon in every lino cf bis face : not a traco of meanness or petty feel ing lurked there; and tbcro v.aa sonic thing very winning in tbo mixture of strength and manliness, and of the kind-heartedness which cbaraeteiked him in a marked degree. Whether ho was particularly clever or not, Angela never thought. At all events, bo was )io Jool aa tbo laying is, and ho bad that Eta nip of a man of the world which is attractive to an inoxperienced girl. As to love, Angel had never named auch a word to hcrsolf. Frank returned to Crofton, tho day beforo tha ball, and found Harry and Angela playing croquet under tho shadow of tho great horse-chestnut* tree. 'I thought you kited croquet, Angol?' re marked Frank aa tho two girte went upstairs to dresa for dinner. ' Oh no,' said Angol, feoling rather uncom fortable. ' I don't hate it, only I play so badly.' ' What havo you been doing all tho week 2' continued her cousin. ' Riding and boating,' replied Angol ; where upon Frank mado no further comment than a short dry 'Oh!' and was very .silent all the cvfining. Tho next night tho fancy ball took placo. It was a strango and pretty scene. In a gallery abovo tho ball-ioom a military baud was playing, and down below moved figures in startling nnachronisru, liko the phantasmagoria of somo dream. Thcro valsed a Knight Templar with Joanio Deans, a Zouave with a nun, Rob Roy with a lady in powder and brocade, a Peruvian Inca and Amy Robsart. Frank waa inthedresa she had decided on, that of 'Cigarotte.' Sho looked vory pretty and slight and cbildish, but thcro was a defiant, almost hard, look in hor bright blue eye3. She scorned to havo aomo cause of anger with her cousin Harry, for, whenever ho addressed hor, sho replied with a shortness bordering on nideness, and oven with a tinge of bitterness, and sho waa invariably 'engaged,' whenever ho asked her to danco. Captain Vano, however, scarcely noticed it, his eyes and thoughts wero all for Angela. Angel's Hungarian and artiste blood bad asserted itself. Tho music, tho lights, tho brilliant dresses, tho movoment of tbo dancing, all seemed to her to combine in ono sweet in toxication, all Boomed to hor to combine in ono sweet intoxication of pleasure. Sho looked radiantly beautiful iu hor costumo of Juliet ; she moved with queenly grace ; hor largo dark oyea flashed with light ; the shy convent-bred girl had suddenly blossomed into a brilliant woman. Harry made no secret of his unbounded admira tion for her, and wherever Juliet's white satin dress was to bo seen, tho mail-coated fignro of Sir Lancelot was nevor very far away. In tho middlo of tho evening Angol happened to be standing alone for ono moment, dreamily watching tho moving figures in peasant drosses, powder and patches, and all varieties of costumo ; suddenly she started as sho found besido hor a tall steel-clad figure, a handsome faco shadowed by a casque and plume, looking down on her, and a pair of dark bluo eyes fixed on her with an expression of admiration that waa near akin to adoration. ' Sir Lancelot !' she exclaimed. ' If I am Lancelot I know who ia my Gnincvoio,' ' replied Harry in a low voico. Angel turned away her head, whilo the color flushed into her cheeks. ' Tho room is so hot,' she said, putting up ono hand to her faco with a pretty shy gesture. ' Come out on tho terrace, then, and get cool,' said Harry. Angel put her hand on hia arm, and thoy went out together. The terrace was a long, straight, paved wait,' between the south sido of tho houso and tha river, which hore formod a moat, running between low Btone walls. Tho ancient drawbridge still crossod it, and beyond lay an old-fashioned, half garden, half orchard, where sweet-williams, tall white lilies, and roses, mingled with gnarled old applo and pear trees. On this night pots of hot-houso flowers, and o£ orange trees in blossom, had beon placed along the river wall. Tho air was filled with fragranco ; the river, dark and mysterious, glided slowly by ; tho whito intense moonlight bathed the world ia a Btrango silver radiance, intersected by sharply defined black shadows. Angol and Harry crossed the bridgo — two picturesquo figures in keeping with the sceno ; — her white satin dross gleaming and shimmer* ing ; his steels and jewels flashing in tho pure light. Tho applo trocs cast curious twisted shadows on tho walk ; tho lilies shono in the moonlight. Near an arbor, cut in a dark old yew tree, a fountain flung its spray high in tho air. Captain Vane's brain was in a whirl. Ho waa moro madly in love than ho could havo believed possible, and ho actually dared not speak the decisive- words which might send thia beautiful creaturo from his side. Sho waa leaning over tho rail of tho fountain dropping roso leaves into tho water, her whito round arms more lovely than ever in the moonlight. Ho approached her, and said in a low voico, ' Angel.' Something in his tono alarmed her. A young girl starts from a sudden word of Iovo as a timid horso shies at some unknown object on tho road. Sho answered quickly, ' What a beautiful, perfect night it is. How I should liko to row down just as far as tho island, and hear the nightingales !' 'Come then,' aaid Captain Vano, 'wewill go. My costume is not exactly suited for rowing, but I daresay I can paddle so far.' Angela was very ignorant of conventional rnles.' It did not strike lior that thcro was any difference botween going for a row at two o'clock in the nfternoon and at two o'clock at night. She mado somo faint objections about her partners and engagements, but was willingly overrule! ; and, together, tho two went down to whero tbo light boat was moored, and stepped into it. Harry sat opposite this fair woman, and watchod the curvo of her swan-like necli, tho riso and fall of tho soft hcos on {her bosom. Ho could not speak ; words would havo choked him.' And Angela listened to tho rhythmical plash o£ tho oars, tho distant music in tho bonso, tho mysterious rustloof the trees. Opposite to her waa an annor-clad knight, with a proud handsomo face, pale now in the stTango light, and perhaps, also, with strong feeling. Behind him, sho could see the lamp hanging to tbo bridge, casting a reddish yellow reflection on tbo water. Aud now they reached tho park, and passed under tbo shadow of tho tall elm trees. Tho Jeer lifted up their antlercd bc.ida a? they heard the plasb, plash, plash of tlio oara. A nightingale on a tree bard by uttcTC-d a long plaimivo note ; another ono responded ; then two cr thioo ; then camo a bmst of eong--. -;.-. What wms it Hint. thrilled Angola — tlio bir\l'n ' * sorig and Uie'lioauty oHhe night, or tho lovo in Iho eyes of her cavalier ? No' word was spoken,— the silenco Boomed lo speak. They listened to tbo song for a tirao,— it might bo Gvo minute3, or it might bo livo yoara to Harry. Then ho turned tho head of tho boat, and rowed slowly back to tho landing-placo. .Ho spraug out, and Augol followed ; but as sho ?loft tho boat, her foot slipped. She would havo boon in tho water if ho had not caught hor in his arms. That touch overpoworod all his doubts and. hesitations ; ho whispered suddenly — ' Stay thore— I lovo you ; lovo mo a littlo, my darling !' Angol made a movement to rolcaso horsolf 'Spoak,' ho said in a stifled voico ; ' will you bo my wifo ?' Thero was a littlo low ' Yea' spoken in 'reply. Tho facos woro very close togothor,— tho lips just touched. Then Angol mado a sudden movoment Sway from him, rapidly croasod tho bridgo — a ehiniog whitc-robod vision— ontored tho houao, and was lost to his sight. 