AN INCIDENT OF AMERICAN TRAVEL. - Bailway travelling in the United States is sometimes enlivened by stirring incidents that must considerably relieve the monotony of the journey. One of these scenes, which occurred on the 4th ult. at Ogallala, is re ported by the Omaha Herald. At about two o'clock in the morning, when the train was at Ogallala, a passenger got on board and took a berth in the sleeper. He jumped on to the train in the darkness after it had left the platform, and immediately got into his berth without removing any of his clothing except his boots. He acted as though something would catch him and something did catch him at the next station. Ogallala is the great shipping point for cattle on the line of the Union Pacific, and is mnch frequented at times by cattle-dealers. The mysterious passenger, who was a professed gambler, had managed to extract about 10,000 dollars from the pockets of the- cattle-dealers. He then •' sneaked off" with his big stake. The en raged cattle-dealers were, however, by no means prepared to lose sight of their money in this way. and telegraphed the particulars to some friends in Alkali—the next station —of the same resolute stamp as themselves. When the train arrived from Ogallala the cattle- dealers' resolute friends were on the look out for the gambler. They imme diately took possession of the train, and tearing through it soon found the object of their search innocently pretending to sleep in his berth about the middle of thePullmancar. The "troudle"then commenced. Thegambler refused to leave the car. The cattlemen de clared they would take him, and directed his attention to a mule standing quietly in the moonlight, with a long rope coiled up on the saddle. The bell rang to start, when matters were precipitated by all parties drawing re volvers and beginning to shoot promiscuously. Curtains were torn down, frightened pas sengers tumbled ont to escape the whistling bullets, and the utmost confusion reigned; women screamed, and everybody was rush ing out of the car by windows and doors; . and soon the prairie was covered with white robed forms flitting like ghosts in the moon light. The cattle men finally dragged out their victim, and the passengers returned to the car, which was riddled with bul lets, and from whence loud screams were still issuing. These were uttered by an old lady, who declared that she had- been shot in the leg, but a medical examination disclosed the fact that she was only suffering from the effects of a pin in the stocking. The fate of the gambler could not bo learned, but'it is known for certain that he rode back to Ogallala on that mnle with the rope coiled up on its saddle. 