VICTORIAN MEMS. Scarlet fever has made its ap] sham, a place which hitherto ] from the scourge. irance at Hori been exempt The " Insurance Record" of Februaiy 4th, announces that Mr. T. Jaques Martin, the managing director of the Colonial Life Assurance Society, was ou Monday, 3lst January, elected an associate of the Institute ot Actuaries of Great Britain and Ireland. Mr. Martin has been for over 20 years connected with the insurance interests of these colonies, having entered the local office of the Northern Assurance Company in 1864. The weekly abstract of births and deaths registered in the metropolitan and suburban registration districts during the week ending Saturday, 8th April, 1876, shows 169 births and 124 deaths. Twelve deaths from scarlet fever are reported. Of the total deaths, 46, or 37 per cent., were children not exceeding the age of three years, 35 being under the age of one year. The grave-stone intended to be placed over the resting place of the late Mr. Dunn is attracting considerable attention, says the lfernld. The stone is of the plainest marble, and bears the following simple inscription :—" Memoriam John Dunn, comedian. Born in London. Died in Melbourne, 17th August, 1875. 'Ho was fellow of infinite jest.'—Shakespeare." These are the only words that occupy the face of the stone. " Sir. James M'Dowall, of Baliarat, has," says the Star, " received from a correspondent in Lon don a letter produced in Roman lei invention. It is said to have been ' written' bv a young lady with a machine, which is a cross betweeu a pianoforte and a sewing-machine, the work being done at the rate of from 30 to 80 words per minute. We have seen the letter, and if the report be true as to the method and pace, the invention should be one of great value." A rather curious circumstance took place a few days since at Colac, through which Mrs. Harker, widow of the late Mr. D. Harker, suddenly found herself the fortunate possessor of £20. The Calm Herald says that Mrs. Harker was engaged in brushing an old black coat, which the late Mr. Harker had not worn for about 19 or 20 years, when feeling something hard in the breast pocket, she examined it, and found a j£lO note and two .£5 notes. The public of Melbourne still continue to be insulted by a rich Dives who has (writes the correspondent of the llampdtn Guardian) chosen to take into his favor one of the most noted members of the demi monde. This old fool still allows the brazen liussey to parade herself in the carriage which his money keeps for her. Night after night this woman steps out of her daintily appointed carriage, and walks into the theatre just as the ban, ton of Melbourne is arriving. She is attired in a rich scarlet silk dress, which has been expressly made for her, by Worth, of Paris, by order of the rich man aforesaid. Prior to accepting the fatherly protection of this old reprobate, the young lady captivated a foolish youth, who was on a trip of pleasure to the colonic! He was so infatuated that he paid her passage by the mail steamer. Well, the lady did proceed as far as Adelaide, but no further • for, once there, she turneql back and came to Melbourne overland. ! It appears, from a local paper, that since 1871 there have been nearly 400 insolvency cases entered m the Baliarat court. Scarlet fever is raging badly in several of the towns in the Western district. Deaths have occurred from it at Hamilton, Condah, and Merino, and at Penshnrst there are several cases. His Excellency the Governor is about to favor the Western District with another visit, to turn the first sod of the Portland and Hamilton railway. It is arranged that the ceremony will take place on the 27th inst, and his Excellency will probably arrive at Portland on the 26th by the steamer Otway. The amusements incidental to the holiday season have unfortunately had a fatal commencement. The Yarra, as usual, on Good Friday, monopolised a lai^e share of attention from pleasure-seekers, and from an early hour in the morning the river was dotted over with boats. One of the scholars of the Wesley College, St. Kildaroad, named Laurence, went out in a canoe, which he paddled as far as Brander's Ferry, when suddenly the cockleshell capsized, and'before assistance could be rendered, the unfortunate lad was drowned. It could not be ascertained where the relatives of the unfortunate kd reside, but his age was stated to be eighteen. We understand that there is a very deplorable circumstances connected with the case of Thos. C. Close, who was recently arrested by the Melbourne detectives for having embezzled money belonging to the borough council of Middlesbrough, in Yorkshire. He brought no money with him, having had, we are informed, to borrow some on board ship on some valuables he had, and as he was accompanied by his wife and five children, the latter are placed in a most painful position. They have no friends or relatives in the colony, and we are told that Mrs. Ciose is entirely without the means of returning with her children to England. A fatal accident occurred on Good Friday, at S]>anhake's claim, Black Hill, Baliarat, bv which a German, named Jacob Heintz,one of the share holders in the company, met his death. The deceased went on his usual shift at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and worked up to about twentyfive minutes 9, driving under a worked out stope. About this time a rumbling noise was heard to proceed from the drive in which Heintz was working, and upon one of his fellow-workmen proceeding to the spot, he discovered that the ground above the drive had given way, aud saw Heintz under the debris doubled up, and apparently dead. The alarm was at once given, and willing hands set to work to extricate the unfortunate man. After about a quarter of an hour he was got out, and life found to be extinct, his back being apparently broken. The deceased leaves a wife and family to mourn their loss, but it is believed they are fairly provided for, The reckless manner in which valuable time is wasted in police courts is dreadful. Sometimes a J.P. will insist on arguing with a legal practitioner a law point that has already been abandoned. On the other hand, it often happens that a lawyer persists in roving all round his subject instead of at once touching the centre of it A few mornings ago, says the Echo, at a suburban court, two boys were charged with having stolen a duck, which a lady swore was hers, although she could' not point out any special mark upon it. Everybody in court was satisfied that the duck produced was a stolen one, and that it bad been traced to the possession of the lads accused. Notwithstanding this, the lawyer who defended would insist that the duck's identity had not been proved and that one duck was very like another. To show how very important it was to prove identity, even in a duck, the man of law began to spin a long yarn about a man who was once "buried in a hearse," and afterwards turned out to be somebody else, or the man who ought not to have bi;en buried. So mysterious was this narrative that the presiding magistrate asked if the hearse had been buried in place of the man, and what the dead man had to do with the stolen ducks. After this it was settled that one of the bovs could not be proved guilty, and the other one\vas seut to the Reformatory School, where he will remain until he is seventeen years old. A considerable sensation prevails in the neighborhood of Macarthur owing to the nocturnal presence of an apparition which has been seen by several persons on the estate of Mr. Carniichael at Harton Hills. It appears that four men, working at a job of fencing, were camped about two miles from the head station, when they were alarmed some three or four nights ago by seein« a figure, draped in white, stalking backwards and forwards in the moonlight. So frightened were they, that they beat a retreat to the station, and communicated the particulars to Mr. Towart the overseer, whilst a dog they had with them participated in the alarm, and ran away howlin« piteously. Next night a party of eight, including a policeman from the township, bivouacked in the haunted spot, aud five of them were rewarded by getting a sight of the ghost. The news began to spread, and we understand that, last ni«ht, a large party was to be made up from Macarthur, with a view to solve the mystery, if possible. Tradition states that the locality in question was many vears ago, the scene of'a fatal affray between the early settlers and the aboriginals, and that m these encounters the blacks came off second-best. Of course, the supposition is, that one of the natives so disposed of has "jumped up whitefellow" in fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the* astonishment of the nerves of the fencing party by his "counterfeit presentment !' It should be mentioned tiiat tho ghost has already one casualty to answer lor, inasmuch as one of the intended interviewists, hi his hurry to get a sight of the apparition, was thrown from his horse, and broke his leg. We trust some of those who may have been fortunate enough to have seen the thing, will send us a m-o<>res 1 report. * Recently a son of Mr. Frederick Simpson's, of North Waugaratta, caught a rather strange lookr bird, which to a vey great extent resembled „„ owl, although it is hardly so big in the body aud has wings somewhat different to that solemn bird. Mr. Simpson presented the bird to Mr. W. Wilson, who, on Thursday week, took it with him to Melbourne intending to present it to the Government to be put in the Zoological Gardens. Ex-warder W. H. Love, who, it will be remembered, was stated to have received severe injuries from the convict Weechurch while in the execution of his duty, died on Friday, the 14th inst., after a long and paiuful illness. For the last four months he had been in the Melbourne Hospital, where he underwent two paiuful operations. For some time hopes were entertained of his recovery, but for the past week it was evident he was radually sinking, and he was removed to his ouse at Coburg, where he died. Another illustration of the danger to which young children arc exposed from playing with fire was afforded at Colliugwood, a few days since. A little boy, three aud a half years of age, named Ralph Goddard, living with his parents in Vcrestreet, made a fire of old ra^s and rubbish, being assisted by several other children of about the same age. While ramping round the blazing mass the unfortunate child was pushed down, and his clothes caught tire. Before lie could be rescued all his clothes were burnt, aud after lingering in great agony for several hours, he died atthe hospital 011 the following morning, to which institution he had been leuioved. This is the way the St. Arnaitd Time* addresses its debtors :—" Within the past mouth we have dispatchcd a large number of polite notes,enclosing accounts connected with this journal, and have now to request that the recipients will 4 come up to the scratch' without further display of a bashfulness which must tend to interfere with our observance of the Pauline preempt,• Owe no man anything.'" Two years' ' tick' would try the temper of Stoic, Turk, or cherub, and we make no pretension to be either, ' So down with the dust ' and save us further outlay in postage." We learn that experiments made lately with various kinds of English, American, and Australian woods have proved that some species of the eucalyptus (iron bark and red gum especially) are of a strength superior to English oak. In a trial between iron bark and oak, the former stood a breaking weight of 11,1581b., and a crushing weight of 13,3491b., while the latter only held out agauist 42561b. in one instance, ami 42801b. in the other. The trial was in every, respect a fair one, as the wood were all of one length and diameter—two inches square by 16 long. The Bendiyo Advertiser relates a strange rescue by a policeman. Our contemporary says:—"The other morning at 3 o'clock Senior-constable Wilson made a very singular rescue of an old woman in the bush near Kangaroo Flat. In the distance he saw an object crouching beside a fence, which upon a near approach, turned out to be a woman nearly naked, and who had got so thoroughly fixed between the bars that she could not extricate herself. The poof creature was fouud to be in a very feeble paralytic condition, aud was wasted away to a mere shadow. The constable lost no time in having her removed in a conveyance to the hospital, where she remained till Thursday, but, not being a fit subject for that institution, she was formally brought up before the Police Bench, and an order obtained lor her admission into the asylum. Her name is Annie Wilson." The detectives have not been idle in reference to the alleged attempt to bribe a juryman, in the case of Learmonth v. Bailey, named Dovan, a chemist, in Simpson'6 road, to stand out from giving a verdict, so as to cause a disagreement. It will no doubt be remembered that Mr. Dovan informed the Chief Justice at the end of the summing up that a person he could name, in the interest ot the defendant, had on the previous Wednesday offered him £250 to disagree. It was then Monday. Mr. M'Dermott, on behalf of the defendant, repudiated all connexion with the alleged offer. The jury retired but were unable to agree to a verdict, and nothing was apparently then done in regard to the alleged offer. Detective Black, however, was at once set to work to make inquiries aud the result is that a summons has been served upon James Westley, clerk to Mr. Suowden, solicitor, charging Westley with the offence known in law as " embracery," i.e., attempting to influence a juryman's decision by bribery. About 5 o'clock on Friday, the 14th, a young lady, accompanied by her brother aud a lady friend, were walking down Bourke-street, when suddenly an ill-dressed, rough-looking fellow stepped forward, aud attempted to snatch a kiss. He placed his arm round her waist, and despite the most strenuous resistance, and the fact that the footpath was thronged with passengers, nearly succeeded in accomplishing his purpose. Unfortunately for him, however, the young lady's brother caught hold of him, and gave him sundry kicks and cuffs, pending the arrival of a constable on the scene. Quite a large crowd had collected, and very soon the fellow was on his way to the city watchhouse, where he was locked up for the night. He gave the name of John Kielly, 25 years of age, and following the avocation of a wood-carter. He was brought before the Bench on Saturday morning, when the young lady, who resides with her parents in High-street, Prahran, and moves in very good society, appeared against imn. She detailed the occurrence, and Mr. Sturt asked the prisoner what he had to say lor himself, lie did not say anything, but smiled a grin that extended right across his face, and which might have meant anything. A wonderful change passed over his features, however, when Mr. Sturt concluded a sharp lecture by inflicting a fine of £5, in default, three months' imprisonment. As in the majority of such cases, the fine was promptly paid. , The LaiuxjhM Mercury states that some of the members of the National aud West Bourke Agricultural Societies intend to petition the Government to reopen the Victorian ports for the introduction of cattle from some of the celebrated herds of Great Britain. A most successful raid was recently made bv the police of Fitzroy on a number of houses of ill-fame in Napier-street, which resulted in their total suppression and the expulsion of the occupiers. An influential standing committee of pro- '-holders aud residents of that street liasbeeu Ced, and the members are determined to prevent any similar occupation. The following terrible visitation is reported by the Goleraitve Albion of Monday :—"Another oi Mr. Kennedy's family in Merino was carried off on Wednesday, making the fourth within twelve days, other two lie dangerously ill. Mrs. Kennedy herself is very unwell, whilst the lather is prostrated with scarlet fever, so that altogether a more heartrending picture of misery cannot well be conceived." Two cases of alleged sticking-up have been reported to the Northcote and North Fitzroy police within the last few days. In one instance a young man, named Holmes, states that on Saturday night week he was collared and his pockets searched on the Northcote road, near the new bridge. In the other ease, a man who works at the patent brick manufactory, Northcote, states that at a very early hour on Easter Sunday morning, two men stopped him near the Clifton Hill State school, and demanded his money, and endeavored to take his watch. Mr. J. H. Connor, M.L.A., intends to employ his intersessional holiday by endeavoring to acclimatise in Lake Corangamite sea-fish and oysters. The Colito Times states that " he is about to convey to the lake boxes containing the finnies and the molluscas, aud to submerge them in a suitable locality, with the tops aud ends of the boxes covered with wire, so as to allow the free ingress and egress of the tide. Amongst the fish to be experimented on is the well-known and appreciated trevalla. Should the result prove satisfactory, Sir Samuel Wilson has promised to secure a stock of both the strangers in question to animate the waters of the lake." The early train from Maiyborough to Dunolly, on the 10th inst., suddenly came to a standstill in the neighborhood of Bet Bet, much to the alarm of the passengers. The St. Arnaud Mercury says that " the cause of stoppage was merely a want of fuel, the fireman liaving allowed the pipes to get so low that steam went off, and the iron horse refused to go until he was led. When the train stopped the passengers clamoured loudly to be let out of the carriages, but the guard refused. Ultimately steam was again got up, and the train proceeded to Dunolly. It seems absurd that on a journey only 14 miles in length the fireman should have been so far forgetful as to allow his fires to run completely down." Mr. Charles Lynott, of Messrs. Richard Gibson and Co., stock and station agents, has been made the recipient of several gratifying testimonials of late. Messrs. Robertson Brothers, of Co lac, very recently presented him with a cheque for 250 guineas, in recognition of his services as auctioneer at their recent great sale of pure stock. In addition to this, the same gentlemen have presented Mr. Lynott with a handsome gold chain and locket. Mr. Richard C. Morton, late of Mount Derrimut, the celebrated breeder of pure shorthorn stock, has sent out an order from Europe to Mr. Gauut, of Bourke-street, to manufacture for Mr. Lynott a magnificent gold locket and seal, in recognition of his skill as a judge of pure shorthorns, and his ability as a salesman. Some months ago an inquiry was held into the case of a man named Richard Pryor, an inmate of the Kew Lunatic Asylum, who alleged that he had received ill-treatment at the hands of the attendants, aud had had his jaw broken aud his arm injured. His allegations were not sustained at the time. The unfortunate man died in the asylum on the 14th iust., and an inquest was held on Monday. The medical evidence then given by Dr. Neild, as the result ot the post-mortem examination, showed that there was no fracture of the jaw or arm, but there was a bony growth on the jawbone, which explained the complaints of the patient. The man died from disease of the brain and heart, and a verdict was returned accordingly. n Mr. Hayward, foreman ot the Upper Yarra ecting part}', gives the following description e scenery he met with :—" I have this day visited the cascades on the right branch of the Yarra, a few miles below its source. From the height of the river at the junction of the branches, and the far greater elevation of the right branch some three miles above, I knew there must be some great falls, but the reality far exceeded my expectations. On descending "the stream from above, it commences to run rapidly, when suddenly it appears to almost sink beneath your feet in a narrow gorge, the sides of which are almost perpendicular in many places. It is here that the first cascade is, which I should think was at the least 40 feet in height, with an angle of at least G5dcg. After a few lesser falls, it then comes to one of, I should think, 100 feet, at an angle of about 70deg. Following down you meet with a quick succession of falls of from 6 feet to 30 feet, with angles varying from 40deg. to 60deg.; in many places the water has worn narrow channels of only a few feet in width in the hard rock. Coming further down you come suddenly on a perpendicular fall of nearly 60 feet, the water descending in a sheet of white foam into a basin in the solid. rock. Below this the stream runs very rapidly, but there are no falls to be compared with the ones above, although some are bj r no means insignificant. I should think that there is a fall of 1000 feet in the stream in about half a mile, or perhaps less than that distance, as great caution had to be used in going along—a single slip in some places would be likely to prove fatal Viewed in the spring, when the water is high, the scene must he magnificent $ even now itis beyond the power of iny pen to portray it.'J| The exhausted state of lauds in the older settled districts is effecting quite a transformatjpn, not merely in agricultural pursuits, but te^g^l relations. All round Melbourne and N^KwTg there is now little wheat growing, and the jrtUnfiling at present in progress is chiefly with £he object of sowing grasses. The sons of the families have chiefly gone off to the Wimmera, and the old people and the daughters are left at home to look after the cattle. There is a lamentable failure of the grape crop in the principal yinegrowing localities, especially south Of the Dividing Range. Near Melbourne the loss is disastrous, and in the Geelong district we are informed that scarcely any wine will be made this season. In the warmer localities north of the Dividing Range, however, the crop seems to be a full average, and the quality is good. 