CItINESE IN CALIFORNIA.-CIHINA TOWN. (Hepworth1, Dixon's " Whle Conelst.") A sEVENTlw part of the polulation-I- Uc ventieth part of the surface-of Salt Frain cisco, is Asiatic. All Orientals pack closer than Europeans. A man may see big crowds in many cities: l.uss and Tartars at Nislni-Novgorodtl, Copts :od1 Armenians in Jerusalem, Arabs and Algerines in Cairo but in neither liussia, Syria, or Egypt can he see such crowds as we firol packled in the siatic quart of ar n Francisco. 'le terms sflaic'lunrtbrmaLy suggest a s ratosa-po o o lih city, iallcd oFl' from the remnaining partliko Ohinc Town in MIoscow; but the Asiatie quarter in San Francisco is an open colony, like Mayfair in London, like the Second District in New York. The Chinese livo squatted in the very heart of San Francisco. Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson- street may be regarded as the heart of this new Asiatic empire in America ; for in Jackson street, grouped around Lock Sin's balcony, lie the Chinese baulnks rd stores, the Chli noses stalls anld markets, the Chinese thea tres mind gamning-hells; while off this thoroughfare, to the right iand left, extend the blind alleys and nmseles ss passages iln which reside thcChinese rogues iand thieves with their unfaililg complenment of femiale slaves. Here, bright with paper laiterns, glare the two great tea-houses, kept by Lock Sin and Hiing Kee, in which you silp green tea ndl watch tl danqng irls perform their ites. ere, l jc \'in reiiand black flags, ? must thl'gonei~,P nd cymbals, tndsT o UNChoy, the royal theatre, ian whichl a grald itorical play, a chroni dle of the 31ing Dynasty, lhas been going on for three weeks past, and is to rumsn on briskly for about ninue weeks yet to come. Iin front of us, hardly less rich in red and yellow paint, hardly less noisy with shawmn nud tom.tonm, rises Sing 'Ping .luein, the new theatre, in which lighter pieces are perforsmed, not lasting more than thirty or forty niights, Hereabout lie the tan collara and thieves' ming cribs, in which sallow w etches and sir hdeot artners of the t sex lint ?h1a ess pleasure of g bott dollar on ii dominio. About'these cellars ie the opium dens, to which the ganmesters come in their frenzy, and snatele the still more fearful joy of stakiing their health ansd immhood oln ia fumne of poppy-juice. ]iound that corner stands the greait joss-house, ai large room, hung with sC'eei!s oand banneirs, dizzling in red and gold, ii which an idol squats ; not a Mo[ongolian god with flat anud slhaen fiaco, iand tturned-up Tartar eyebrows, but a Teu totic master, with straighlt nose, fair nious tache, and pointed beard. Before this foreign idol tea-cups hiss iand fuzees bun night and day. China Town is running over San PFrau cisco, slreading to ueast and west, to northl and south. Thei Asiaitics have seized a good part of Dupont-street and Kearney-stroeet, swarmed into Pine-stroeet, invaded Stock tonand P'acific streets, iandl got their feet in California-street. Soue of tihe houses in the streets aire owned by Mongols. WheTn Asiatics get insido ai door they drive the Europeans out. A European cannot staud the fumeo and steoch, the dirt and din. Tlhus shop by shop, and street by street, they crawl along, ai swarm of lesai asIn unnlon things, so oddly maixeod that white msnt shthlih frost themn in tasr and wratlhiisi I rom sicoml)pany of lep.h No alite i' oliices to siel, undler thoi lmo-s itl yellow man; no white woman likes to a~sS through Jack street, A rookery tand ai cesspool drive off decent folk. Let us drop into some of ,those hlouses, no fear of lopers in our theairts, and see these Asiatics in their homes, Not far from Lock Sin's tea-hlouse stands a big ediflico, first used as the Globe Hotel; Ia house four stories high above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of roomts enough for fift, guests. Including vaults nud attics .there maiy be sixty rooms in all; Sur rounded by the Chinese roolkery this CGlobs Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let to Lee Si Tut, a richr Chi neso, who re-lots his apartments to Chinese residents of the better class-to slopmet, waiters, and agents. Leo 8I Tut takes care to have no tenant of bad repute. A thief, a rag-picler, a night.prowler cannot hire a bed in his hotel. No painted women psss his doors, Tan aud other lawless games aire forbidden, No wrangling or Itghting is allowed within the house; So faEns order can bd made by rules, order is satid to rqleign among Lee Si Tut's tonants; and tthe Globe Hotel in Jackson-street msay bp. rogi'cded as the royal Ilan and autnmmr.palase of the :Chineso elmpiro in Asserl, e. 1'sss in, Oh, Loo'Si Tut l A selonineg .od]o: gretls your ntostrils oc hIis stops, A ruook olesla out of every door, asd dirt lies heaped on every landting stags, The dust 'of yenrs inerusts hIis wuindow paneso, Com rpirodel'wlri thits Globe Hotel, under Leo Bi ! t, a ''ubl'rldsh or a Spanish prison 'is s . deseit tiida, Theo banistors'idrip ; the pa5. saiges sweat. A blak santic fd ntl Rllmo runs idoin thIe.walls, And tlhoru what pioss and tnultlitudu oi tunatts on thb. stnlrs and in the rlonms 'MMoen'swarm at ove?y door, and onwd don. ovqry stago onecht:palo and molanlchply wrottph votifihug slis nsreotie polseon in your-.feooe s nimnoloss horror oUelicsidto brtood' n ov'ory coi'nor of tile hb'tib or 'out of eovery eorner . gloro the s'podainl'eyes of ilbhtgs fevered by.' t eanid stlpillod with drugs. "''iEhleh ro'minrrsngod for the oceommode '4itti'o.f asslnglo guestl, id tither prtled into lsix or woreti 'seotions by'na'strlg of mats, or sholhodr. itlt!!olr,'all. routnd thiu . walils, hol'u tre hlt'rooferred,:ittdp tib onceareso to pay for prh'ta~"t'i'ssutd isodsii tIftti"ll 'ohl ' #h'VOl h1oor O?Y¢Il la5l'thonituips'bj fls to' sleep a dozen on shelves. From vault to attic, each room is foul with smoke, and black with dirt, and chloked with men. No lass than fiflteen hundred ghastly creatures find a lodgiag day and night in this Chlinese paradise. IRooms crowsded n od unwholesome I lhave seen before-at a feast at Ejinsiedeln, a mad honese is Nalles, )i 'kthi:jrau ai t Liver pacl, a barciak on 'oile--.nowhere have I sera husIman s t g klres PaQed ,and crushed as these tenants of the Globellotcl are pacl'd unud crushed. Lcee Si 'Tut lets hiis house, he says to eight hundred tonauts; whlich would give him, in a house o(f sixty rooms, including cellars and lofts, thirteen tenants to each chamber, bat the rascals cheal him, he alhleges out of half his reon, hy sub.letting their shelves to lienr who occupy them only half the day. Iaquiry shows me that this story of sub-letting and dividing the rooms is strictly true. Hi Wyolt lets his shelf to Li 11o; Ki Wyok using his shelf for the other twelve hours. In some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves every 24 hours- eight hours apiece. Yet thoseo who ledge in this hotel live in a light and roomy palace by the side of thoo seli who livo in the ltbyrinth of courts and styes, yairds anld entries, lying roundl Bartlett'alley, lHere sonme of the white settlers ii San Francisco throw up their hives. ThIe ground is undraiised. The log shautics were run up hastily and cheaply; and in these fever.ihaunii ted hovels, rotten with age, putrid with filth, overrun with vermin, the masses of Mongolians make their hoai. T ,csreep into vaults,,tl(hey climb into oeaves, thli burimv in the carth. In hdl6s 'init bfor ldo~s.you sy dise~'er toen or twelve wastedl creature? slut'rtHug oin shelves, staring into spaco, amu\ trying to smoke themselves into the opium- Ureauer'a paradise. Worse still, if in the "lowest depth" there can be found a " deeper still," is the thieves' (1uar0ter ; is district runnisg in and ou0t of more respectable quarsters with a rare diniftbreneo as to social tforms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your ramblo in his pur lieus should be made at night. All round llartlett-alloy lie the thieves' yards and cribs; foul attics, falling balco nies, underground kennels; with a few spikes of joss- wood burning at achb door. Hugs rot on thie ground anl garliago poisosis the air. Slush squirts at you from iunder every plank, and where tlhe plnlis ifil you, the earthll appears to be nothing but a running sore. IRag shops and rceeim ing.ihouses .hide in old its anld hiollowas un der the plonk floors, In all tlhes;e dark aud loathsome holes a swarmi of Asintios wallow in the filth, their pale and ghlstly facesc rendered visible by iho flickcring of a rek. ing lump. 'l'ah! ei'ar lurks in overy Mongol oyo, and desperation glowers ifrom overy Moligol face, In passing from yard to yard you catelh the slamus of doors, the shoot iof bolts, and feel by instiiut that ovary rulilan stand ing bohiud these plaiks, alarmed b, strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead of night, is listening at hiis door, with hatlshot raised to stsrike or rifle poised to lire, "Open the door 1" cries your guide in a poremptory tone, stopping in frlont of a log icabil. " Open the door." ":You fooleo mo, You fooleo me," "No, no. 01es the door," The voice is re'gnised within; the door is slowly opeilned,\d you poup into the crib; a cupboard nto size, but occupied by five or six men an women, Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor; but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another orib we aro repulsod, To the inquiry, "HIo you iooloo moeP" we answer, as bolor "No, no;" but instead of seeing the d open, we clatch a rapid exlhauiug of whls por inside. , Go you u t fooleo ee I" ories a voice, accompanied by aolick of a rillo, "Dip and slid " whispors our comn. panios, and we in ~Fntly dip and slide, In Stout's allel and in the yards around this sinkl of squalss nid iniquity, lodge the partners of thoese oves and murderers the feomale slaves, Lot'usge it isto h1,pon stret 1 a o oou e otlo of our Ohi ns'.4lorr". . ,mpuannon, as we ontor nk Sin' tea houso about two o'olook, and order a rolioshling cup, " What you have soon in San Firancisco you many seeo in Bauramoento, Stoolkton, 8sn Joso, inid other towns. Whlroi'var John plants his foot, he builds i Ohina Town, and peoples it with harlots, oriminnls and slaves, We got some very chnap lnbour, and.our financiers say they nood cheap, labour to 'develop the oountl;y,' What think yol of the prieoo we have to payfor osre devdopm\n tP' While we arue sE tea on Look Sin's buloony, a yell coses up from the streeoot bhlow', A Ohlinoeo fighib is on. AhlKing, a Chlineso sanp, j iployedl by thli city oill oars, and, in thle a sag of hIis Asiatio ooun. trymon, such ai spy is callled ghost,' Of latie thls ghosut hais hoels too busy, his coles. thll countrymanu think, ovn for, a Isiid spy I andi two Asiatics, who have just conme out ofjnil, are osetting on him, one moonleano with ahltiatchet, the second moon fioo ewith almni.o, hrom every door in' the streeoot sw'rma out i crowd, and iin ninseninti fifty Obhlnoso lauteirns hioave and drop along the Ilisgs, YIosihko me .' says my escort and beforeo I oarn reply, Ihe is gone froi my side, iClng vnsi'shoa-likto a ghost, ltoon.faceo witl th'l ltsfe u no ista,)s jiust as mcy esuort awoopis into le mirdlerol oirlo ; blt theIII fellows wvlllthio it ttl o is arrested on the spol si d stirriqul' o wts$ sird, Il1s a'it)po, whaen ixalm lliov to be a lobs g ,blado, lheothod in #leoh.o o lootlh, so hat,,: In case of a Ifs plungoe, the blood nllght hisvo boon atsono romovodi,'and the anlIcena'knli(o roppln?h undor tI.o hltpo smock, is dccl cund innodenut il ilppcnruiuilcr Stu 1I soft-cycd Aisiiitio wrho houd p~luuicd it judto Iui uuIciglubours hoiirt 