WESLEYAK WNYENTIOlt The first dtting of a convention of persons aetivdy engaged as workers In various depart ments connected withthe Wesleyan Church was lield intiie Pirie- street Lecture on Tuesday afternoon. There was a large attendance footn of ladies and gentlemen, several haying come from distant circuits. The Bev. W. P. Wells (President of the Conference) presided, and, the proceedings having been opened by de votional exercise, delivered a brief introductory ad dress. He spoke of tnmi»n.r gatherings whioh had been held elsewhere, especially the Brighton Convention, which was 'attended by 7,000 persons, and where the meetings were continued for ten days; and the Convention of Workers recently held at City-road, London. It had been noted that these meetings were usually followed by great blessings, and he hoped such would be the case in this instance. Their aim was " to consider one another to provoke to love and to good works." They had this as their definite object._ In the papers read or speeches made, he hoped there would be no controversial tone, but all would be done in a devotional spirit. There were already tokens for good. He expected for himself increased power from on high. If each of them gain this, and with it increased spiritual activity, the Convention could not fail to produce most blessed results. The Rev. T. C. Laubakcb, of Mount Barker, delivered an address on " Holiness, the present need of the Church." His answer to the ques tion " What is holiness?" would be Christ-like ness. It was full possession of the Divine image. It was described by various terms and phrases, but they all resolved themselves into the word *'love," for "he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him." There was close con nection between pardon and holiness, and those who had received the one blessing need not wait long to enjoy the other. It was sometimes re garded as a great mystery, but the only mystery was one of simplicity. Complete sub mission was essential to holiness. Submission wae necessary before pardon, and there must be entire submission before the further blessing could be received. The want of the Church collectively was the want of each individual. There was close connection between the beauty of holiness being perceived by the Church and their work for God being prospered. Humility could not exist as it ought to do without holiness. Spiritual pride was one of their greatest dangers and the cause of most grievous losses, which holiness would prevent. They needed it that they nrght exhibit the religion of Jesus in a happy manner. Happiness was not a separable appendage, but an essential feature of tne higher Christian life. It was required in order to usefulness, for the holy man exerted a secret influence, like the electric fluid along the wire, and his words became, under its inspiration, like the, arrows of I the Almighty. Their usefulness would probably be in proportion to their holiness, and they needed both to be surrounded by an atmosphere of it, and to be filled and kindled by its power. This was a possible condition to enjoy, and the life he wished them to live was not more exalted than God had pointed out, or Paul had prayed for on behalf of the Sphesian Church. God could easily accomplish their desire by flooding and filling their souls with Himself. At the invitation of the PBESIDENT several gentlemen spoke on the subject of the address, their remarks generally having reference to their personal experience. The Bev. J. B. STEPHENSON then delivered an address on " The relation of special means to special blessings;" He noticed that in the Kingdom of God there was constantly being discovered a connection between the use of means and spiritual effects. All were conscious of a certain amount of odium being attached to the use of special means to promote revivals. Even good men sometimes sneered at them. Hence delicacy was felt in proposing or attempting such efforts and hesi taEcy manifested in undertaking many a good wo:k. He was sure a better frame of mind was that which sought only to do the will of God, disregarding altogether what the world might say. It was a good thing to be blessed of God, but better still thus to be made a blessing. Axes were not sharpened for themselves, but that they might cut down trees. He need scarcely remind them of the important fact that in the u^e of all special means they must ever recognise the agency of the Holy Ghost, for Methodises of all people were not likely to over look it. The use of sails was to catch the wind, and in a c Jm they were useless; even so the Church depended upon the breath of the Spirit of God. This consideration being guarded, they wero entitled to look for definite and positive effects to follow the use of appropriate means, and were war ranted to expect such results in proportion to the amount of labour bestowed. No figure was more frequently used in the Bible to describe spiritual results than the growth and j multiplication of seed. Harvests varied ini abundance, and occasionally there was a failure, yet no one thought of ceasing to sow. The Church was instructed to be diligent, prayerful, watchful, and laborious, and was encouraged with promises of reaping in due : season. The need of special means was some-? times indicated by spiritual death and poverty;! at other times {a special burden was laid on the 1 hearts of a few people, as wa3 the case before tie late remarkable revival in America, and ! sometimes was the necessary result of unusual spiritual vitality. Turning to the Bible, it was wonderful how many instances of special means to secure special blessings were recorded there. The traditions of their own Church should stimulate them, and the good news received by the last mail of an increase of about 13,000 members within its pale was moBt instructive. Conventions had been held in several places and arrangements made for special -ervices more generally than had ever been known before, .and this was the gratifying -esult. He hoped the study of the subject would produce a strong determination to use whatever means were at hand, and to use them with all their might. The Convention was then adjourned tTl 7 o'clock, tea in the meanwhile being provided in the schoolroom. The evening sitting was even more nume- ' rously attended than that of the afternoon, the body of the hall being quite filled. At intervals during both services the proceedings were varied i by appropriate hymns, In singing which the j congregation was led by a choir under the j direction of Mr. C. W. Priest. The subject of the evening w?s "How to secure the salvation of the young." Tne PRESIDENT briefly referred to its peculiar im portance, and read several passages of Scripture fcearitg upon it. He then called on the Rev. C. j T. Newman to deliver an address. | Mr. Nkwman said he approached the subj act j with extreme trepidation arising from his sense of its importance._ It was most important to recognise the religious rights and privileges of the young. As a Church they he'd that their redemption by Christ and inclusion in the Gospel covenant was sufficient warrant for offering them all its privileges. Religious culture could not begin too soon, but there wai danger of expecting too much visible result from it. The foundation of religious life was fear of God, and when this was established leve and other experiences would follow in due course. Children belonged to Christ, and ought to have a Church relation, which they should permanently retain unless they forfeited it by sin. To secure the experience desired the greatest requisite was godly home-training. Parents were God's vicegerents, and, receiving their children from God, must train them for Him. A godly example was a necessity. Home should _be a sanctuary, the father being the priest in the household, and the mother exer cising her own gentle influence. There must also be earnest and faithful instruction, combined with jealous watchfulness over all associations likely to affect the impressionable nature of childhood. The Church had also its duty to discharge, and the best minds were required in order to fulfil the task. Individual as well as collective instruction must be given. Personal appeals should be made and intense solicitude felt by all who had to do with the young. The aim of Sabbath school teachers and others should be not only to impart knowledge, but to develop Christian character. Every effort must be aocompanied by earnest prayer and the firm resolve to bring the children to Jesus. Mr. F. CHAPPLB, B.A., drew attention to the paramount importance of family religion as the great means of securing the salvation of the young. Parental affection was the symbal most frequently used in the Bible to illus trate the love of God to His creatures. He who made man knew what was in him, and had enlisted this the highest force in human nature on the side of religion and on behslf of the children. Few things had been subjected to greater ridicule than family worship, but for this very reason they should cling to it the more strongly. For the sake of the young let them all set up their family altar, and see that Christ was constantly exhibited there aB the universal sacrifice. The addresses were followed by a lengthy and animated conversation, and the Convention adjourned at half-past 9 o'clock. WEDNESDAY, JULY 25. The Convention reassembled at 10 a.m. The President announced that the topic for the morning was "Christian Fellowship," and re marking that the Bible was the standard of authority, prooeeded to read various appropriate possages of Scripture. He then called on Mr. James Scott to read a paper on the subject. Mr. ficxWT oommenced by defining the terms employed, after which he pointed oat that the , teuowihlp was both relative and social-the fiwfc i being the common bond % whioh they were 1 united to Chris#; and the seoond, the visible and sensible unfam of a Christian community. | This viable anion in daOydiuroh life, gathered ; together in denominations, embodied most truly the scripbmQ ideal of a Chnnh of Christ. The members of It embraced privileges which were designed and fitted to develop a godly character, and were laid under obligations to contribute to the edification of others. Scenes in the early I history of the Church were beautiful in the simplicity of heart, parity of devotion, ardour of brotherly love, and seal tor God which were exhibited. By the Apostle Paul the Church was likened to a human frame, every part depending on the the other members, I and each fitted into its place. Not only highly fifted and influential members were necessary, ut those who were weaker contributed to the welfare of the whole. As the result of mutual intercourse, love, esteem, comfort, protection, exhortation, confession,' rebuke, and prayer the whole body would be perfected in stature, strength, and symmetry, and furnished for the work of blessing the world in the name of its living Head. No Church had superior facilities for securing these characteristics of true fellow ship and promoting its great designs than their own. Constructed originally with a special view to this, and as an improvement in all their existing religious organizations it had answered nobly to its deagn, and still possessed the com petency to perpetuate those blessings. They bad frequent opportunity for meeting, assjldiere around a camp-fire did, to tell of trials and I triumphs, of struggles and escapes, and to cheer I each other for coming conflicts. Had they, as a { Chureh, been true to their model and obedient to the mandate of their Divine Head, united in bj mpathy, compact in energy, and animated by genuine loyalty to Him, they might have accom plished far more than had been done for the weal of the world. Weakness and failure, where it existed, might be traced in part to the indolence and waywardness of Individual members, who, withholding their measure of service or fitfully doing their part, left the body lame, maimed, or purblind. Mach evil was wrought by complaints harboured or uttered against brethren. Exception was taken and harsh judgment formed against individual idiosyncrasies, and against faults which had | received forgiveness from God even before I ungenerous condemnation was dealt out against ttem by men. They should ever remember who j it was that said, "Judge not," and His intima tion, which was in effect-" Your capability of correct judgment is defective, therefore do not use it severely." Without justifying imperfec tion of Christian character or defection from Christian rule, he felt that they were too often made a stumbling-block in the way of Christian brethren. Remembering that none were perfect, they should deal tenderly with the erring. The world passed by gross offences of its members in every walk of ike to fasten ridicule and contempt on the Church; let them not imitate their ovnmnifl. Their special advantage for Christian fellowship was the class meeting, which em- t bodied the fundamental principle of such fellow ship. No reflection against these meetings could alter that fact or prevent them from continuing to be the means of bringing blessings to thou sands. Let the conduct of them be carefal, | wise, and intelligent, the statements of expe- j rience simple and true, the spirit animating all earnest and devout, and such gatherings would still be valued, and prove a mighty power for good. The conversation which followed the address ! was continued until the hour for adjournment. i AFTERNOON. j At this, the closing eassion, the attendance , c-as fuily as large as on the previous day, and | increasing interest waa manifested in the objects j of the Convention. The first subject consider 3d was "Individual obl'gation to work for Christ," and was intro duced by the Rev. C. LANE. Referring to the comprehensiveness of the topic, he said it in cluded the whole range of duty. Responsibility arose out of relationship. They ware relatej both to each other and to Christ, Individual relations and consequent responsibility were easily found, and involved the duty of doing the work which lay nearest at hand, and doing it now. Relation to Christ brought the special obligation of fitting themselves to his purposes. The range of that obligation was clearly defiaed in both the region of duties and that of privi leges. Their privileges were sketched in promises which warranted abiding faith in God, who having placed blessings at the_ hand of believing prayer, had laid the responsibility of receiving them on His people. To say they had nothing to do with results would paralyze the arm of the Church. It was this sense of re sponsibility in receiving np to the full measure of their capability whioh fired the heatts of the men who went up to the camp of the enemy, while atthesametime iteJmostoverwhelmedthem with its awfulness. Just this compelled Moses to offer his life if God would not pardon the people, and Elij ah after his victory over the priests of Bsal to continue in prayer till the little cloud appeared. So Christ himself desired with such Intensity that the will of God should be done upon and through him, that he continued all night in an agony of supplication. Men needed to go down into the depths of that passion that they might, like their Master, come out of it penetrated with love for souls and bearing their burden. Some could join in the shout when showers of blessing came, but who would do nothing to bring them down. Any one could enter into the enthu&iasm; of victory, but to glory in the view of battle was both harder and more important. Having the promises to ind'cate their privilege, and precepts to define their duty, they must be simple to believe like children, and courageous to work like men. The subject of "Aggressive Work" was spokSn to by the Rev. 8. KNIGHT. Heha,d noticed that one great result of Mr. Moody s labours in England was the large number of persons who ©bos© for thcnisfilves hbw paths of usefulness. Strictly speaking, much of the ordinary work of the Church waa not ag gressive, and yet this was specially the Church's duty. The relative attention g»ven_ to the edification of Christians and that paid to the direct salvation of perishing souls was altogether disproportionate. Public services ought, as a general rule, to be intended and adapted for the conversion of sinners, whereas too often they were diverted into another channel. Oppor tunities for making appeals, holding enquiry meetings, and gathering in the fruit were often interfered with. Arrangements which ha i this effect were deeply to be deplored, inasmuch as aggressive work was the very life of the Church. Kon- aggressive faith, such as Buddhism and Mohammedanism, were invariably decaying, for only when they made conquests did they grow. Hence the only living faith in the world at the present time was Christianity. When the Church ceased to produce prophets, champions, and heroes of devotion it would be in a dying condi tion. The absence of men coming forward anxious to preach Christ at any sacrifice was an ominous sign, and he hoped parents present would endeavour to imbue their sons with a desire to preaoh the Gospel, cost what it might in the way of self-denial. Aggressive work might be carried on by controversy, in the form of such disputations for Christ as were con ducted by Stephen and other early disciples; and also by Christian nurture, whioh was the Bphere of home and school. Periods occurred when such work might be prosecuted with special advantage, and these should be made the most of. Several departments of Christian activity were alluded to which needed attention, but the most urgent necessity was greater boldness and more zeaL A fear of being thought eccentric, peculiar, and extravagant was very prevalent. Dread was often felt of appearing too forward or fast, but very seldom of being dull and elow, and the shame ought to be the other way. He appealed to the gofiy women present to exert their almost all-powerful influence, and reminded them all that they acquired a property- right in every soul converted by their agency. Let them have faith in themselves as the messengers of God and there would be a blessed harvest. As at the other sessions of the Convention, an animated conversation followed the address, and the proceedings were varied by prayer being offered and singing of appropriate hymns. In the evening an evangelistic service was held, when the hall was filled in every part. Brief addresses were delivered, and devotional exer ciba engaged in, which were continued till a late hour, when it w»8 announced that a similar service would be held in the same place on the foli owing evening. THE LICENSING Laws^-The^following peti tion signed by 88 colonists, was presented to the Assembly by Mr. Blyth on Thursday: '. That your petitioners represent a very large pot ion of the population of South Australia who feel a deep interest in the moral and temporal welfare of their fellow-colonists, Taat they have to complain of the deeply demoralizing effects of the traffic in intoxicating liquors, anc especially as conducted on the Lord's Day, on all the best interests of the community. That they are aleo sensible of the prevalence of a strong conviction on the part of the people in favonr of restraining* and even of suppressing this traffic altogether, and especially on the Lord's Day. And therefore your petitioners humbly pray jour Honourable House to give a favourable consideration to all measures that might have any tendency to restrain this dangerous traffic, and in particular they pray that a measure may be in this session of Parliament for closing all public-houses throughout the colony on Sundays, together with Mr. Nock's suggested amendment in the lioeoaed Victuallers Act," 