DIOCESE OF BALLAARAT. All Saints', Ballaarat.— The anniversary services in this church have again been crowned with abundant success. The morning sermon on Whit Sunday was preached by the present incumbent, the Rev. E. K. Yeatman, late of Avoca, who took for his text Matthew xviii. 20, from which he preached a sermon both suitable for the anniversary and the commemoration of the gift which, as on that clay, was outpoured upon the infant church ; the words being — ' Where two or three are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them.' The evening sermon was preached bv the Bishop to a congregation amounting to between 600 and 700, filling every available space, including the vestry. The Bishop took for his subject the vision of the dry bones of the Prophet Ezekiel. A clearer exposition or more powerful application of the great lessons to be learnt from the vision could hardly be — one being especially worthy the attention of those who benefit so much by living among Christians, yet because they have not allowed themselves to be breathed into by the Holy Ghost, so as to be converted to God, do not reflect that with out Christianity they would resemble mere dry bones, no better than the Egyptians or Greeks of old, who, with all their boasted culture, were slaves of the vilest superstition, without any of those purer and nobler qualities of heart and mind typified by the sinews, and flesh, and skin, and complete human figure of the warrior clad in armour, and resplendent with natural dignity and beauty ; and who, for getting what even they in their unregenerate state owe to Chris tianity, excuse themselves from gratefully recognising their obligation and helping by their wealth to strengthen her hands and enable her to go forth to higher and larger victories. The sermon was listened to with profound attention, and at the close the offertory was taken up, amounting to £6 11s. In the afternoon of the same day the Bishop addressed the parents, friends, and children of the Sunday-school from Psalm xcix. 6 — ' And Samuel among them that call upon His name.' The Ballaarat Star of June 7th adds : — 'The anniversary tea-meeting in connexion with All Saint's Church, Drummond- street, was held on Tuesday evening, when over 300 persons sat down to an excellent tea in the schoolroom. The following ladies presided over the tables :— Mesdames Yeatman, Nichols, Gk F. Smith, Ghee, Cadden, Weldon, Russell, Stansbury; Misses Macintosh, Hill, Maunders, Stans bury, S. Stansbury, and Belcher. After tea a meeting was held in the church, which was crowded, when addresses were given by the Bishop and by several clergymen. The. choir gave several selections of sacred music, under the conduct of Mr. Byers. The Rev. E. K. Yeatman, incumbent of All Saints', occupied the chair, and after a few opening remarks called upon Mr. Eggington to read the annual report of the vestry. The parochial balance-sheet showed an expend iture of £304 16s. 7d., leaving a credit balance of 3s. 10£d., but there were other loan accounts amounting to a considerable sum. Short addresses were given by the Revs. H. E. Cooper, H. W. H. Adeney, and R. J. Mercer, after which the Bishop addressed the meeting, urging upon his audience the necessity of their pushing forward, and enabling him to name a day on which to consecrate the church as free from debt. In the course of his remarks the Bishop stated he never intended officially inducting Mr. Yeatman into the incumbency of All Saints' until a stipend of £250 were guaranteed, which time he hoped was near at hand. The meeting was brought to a termination by the Bishop pronouncing the benediction.' Annual Gathering.— On Thursday, 29th ult. (St. Peter's Day), the annual gathering of former students of St. Augustine's College, Canterbury, resident in the colony of Victoria, took place at Ballaa rat. The Holy Eucharist was celebrated at Christ Church at eleven a.m., and the members of the college afterwards dined together according to annual custom, A meeting of members of the- Church of England was held at Craig's hotel on June 30th— the Hon. Henry Cuthbert in the chair — the object in view being to devise some general scheme for pro curing funds for the erection of a suitable residence for the Bishop. With that view it was resolved to map out the diocese, and obtain information as to the probable returns to be expected from each district or parish. A working committee was nominated, and Mr. C. H. J. Walker was appointed collector, his duties to commence forthwith. ? The Ballaarat Bishopric Endowment Fund Committee met at the Bishop's Registry on the 4th inst., the Rev. J. Potter pre siding. The Rev. R-. T. Cummins having resigned the position of secretary to the committee, the Rev. J. E. Herring was elected to succeed him. It was resolved that a circular be sent to subscribers to the fund, asking them to pay up all instalments now due of their promised subscriptions. It was also agreed that the accounts of the fund in the banks of Australasia and New South Wales should be closed, and an account opened for the fund in the National Bank in the names of the remaining trustees, Messrs. W. H. Barnard and C. Megson. — Ballaarat Star. We regret to state that the Rev. W. K. Brodribb, of Casterton, has had a dangerous attack of diphtheria. The gentleman, we are glad to hear, is gradually recovering. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes : — ' A meeting of the com mittee of the Church of England, Haddon, was held in the church on Friday evening, June 30th— present : The Rev. S. Walker and Messrs. M'Vitty, Buchanan, and Sims— when it was decided to fully complete the church and grounds by fencing, painting, planting, &c.; Steps are to be immediately taken for carrying out the object.' ? Ballaarat Star. Bishop Thornton dealt some home-thrusts at the Church of England tea-meeting held at Clunes last week. He said that the great bane of the church was the unreality and sham of its professors, and he could not avoid saying there was something seriously wrong in persons attending worship regularly and yet not living or acting the part of a Christian. Again, it was necessary that churchmen in Victoria should support their own church, as it was repugnant to all independ ence to go begging for assistance in a far-off land. Strong reference was made to a class of persons who professedly are seat-holders and yet never pay for the privilege ; and also another class, who pay for sittings and never attend. Throughout the Bishop's address there pervaded it a desire to educate churchmen up to the strict per formance of their duties, and not to allow their denomination to lag behind others either in active work or in according their pastors the support necessary to maintain their position. He candidly told the meeting that he would prefer 300 true Gideons of old to 10,000 shams. I should not wonder (writes our correspondent) but that Bishop Thornton in his travels through his diocese has become acquainted with many shams, and knowing their evil effects, avails himself of every opportunity to crush them. If he has set himself to that task, it is certainly a Herculean although a rightful one. There are religious shams as well as political ones in Victoria.— Ballaarat Star. ? July 3rd. Presentation to the Rev. J. E. Herring.— On Wednesday afternoon, 28th June, the committee of St. Paul's Church met at the town-hall for the purpose of presenting an address to the Rev. J. E. Herring, late incumbent of the church, expressive of their esteem and respect for him. With the address was' also presented a purse of sovereigns subscribed by the congregation. The address was as follows: — 'Rev. and dear Sir — The committee and congregation of St. Paul's Church, Clunes, beg your acceptance of the accompanying gift as a small mark of respect and esteem that they have felt for you, both in your public capacity as a minister of the gospel and as a private friend, during the six years you have laboured amongst them. They feel that during that time you have done your utmost to promote the spiritual and temporal welfare, not only of those placed imme diately;/ under your charge, but also of others who have needed help. The committee and congregation would assure you it is with feelings of deep regret they part with you. They also beg to express their appreciation of Mrs. Herring's kind services, which have always been cheerfully given whenever required, and are sure her loss will be greatly felt. In conclusion the committee and congregation would express their best wishes for the future welfare of Mrs. Herring, your self, and family.' Mr. Herring briefly replied, and expressed his re gret at leaving the town and so many friends. The increased pros perity of the church would always be a source of gratification to him. — Chines Guardian and Gazette. Whit Sunday's Services.— At Christ Church Pro- Cathedral, Bishop Thornton preached in the morning to a very large congregation, his text being taken from St. John xv. 26 — ' But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of Truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of Me.' In the evening the Eev. K. J. Mercer, of St. John's, preached, the church being well filled. Ordination at Cheist Chubch Peo-Cathedeal. — On Trinity Sunday the first ordination service in the Diocese of Ballaarat was held at Christ Church Pro-Cathedral by Bishop Thornton. Morning prayer was said at ten o'clock by the Rev. J. Potter, and the ordina tion service commenced at eleven. The church was well filled by that time, when the choir filed into their places along the aisles from the front of the church, being followed in the north aisle by the Rev. J. Potter, the Rev. A. Caffin (the candidate for ordination), the Bishop, and the Registrar (the Rev. J. E. Herring). The Venerable Archdeacon Stretch followed the choir along the south aisie, and went immediately into the pulpit. The Bishop took his seat in the chancel, with the Revs. J. Potter and J. E. Herring, while the can didate for ordination was accommodated with a seat in the choir. The service was begun by the hymn for Trinity Sunday, ' Holy, Holy, Holy,' being sung, after which the Archdeacon read the ' Bidding Prayer,' all the congregation standing. This being concluded, Archdeacon Stretch preached from the text 2 Timothy i. 7 — ' For God hath not given us the spirit of fear ; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.' The preacher said the power given of God was a working power, not a privilege. It made no violent demon strations, and its place was not exalted. It stood not in the dignity of office, and was indifferent to public opinion save as to the work needed of it. Power was never at a loss in emergencies, but had always a way to bridge over difficulties. As there were different people, so there were different degrees of power, and every one could attain his due measure of that power. Love as mentioned in the text was next spoken of, and the preacher remarked that power need not be rough or unkind, for a rough exterior and gentleness within often went hand in hand. There were times when passionate natures found vent in a proper sphere of work, but Christ's ministers should be so imbued with the spirit of love that they might restrain their passion ate nature. Love was described as free from any crawling element that men could only despise. Correction was said to be the proper translation of a sound mind, which meant that Christ's ministers should be able to guide and train men, rebuking them when necessary, and exhorting them in faith. After some further remarks the preacher concluded his sermon, during which he had frequently personally addressed the candidate for admission to priest's orders. The Archdeacon having descended from the pulpit, the Rev. A. Caffyn was presented to the Bishop by the Registrar. This being done, the bishop said the Litany ; after which the hymn ' 0 Thou who makest souls to shine ' was sung. Communion service was then read by the Bishop, Archdeacon Stretch reading the Gospel, and the candidate the Epistle ; after which the ordination took place, the clergymen present joining in , the laying on of hands. After the Nicene Creed the hymn ' Three in One and One in Three' was sung, and the service concluded with the administration of the Lord's Supper. — Ballaarat Star, June 12tk. AVOCA. — The members of the congregation of St. John's Church, and the friends of the Rev. E. K. Yeatman throughout the district, are determined that the rev. gentleman named shall possess some pleasant memento of his eleven years' ministry here, and of the affection of his late parishioners. We were shown yesterday a very handsome tea and coffee service of silver, purchased by subscription, which, with a purse of sovereigns, will be forwarded to Mr. Yeatman at Ballaarat in the course of a few days. It is pleasing to know that Mr. Yeatman's long continued labours in his sacred calling have been appreciated, and although the gift is not intended to be regarded as bearing any proportion to his services in point of value, it will at least show that those services are remembered, and that the people here cherish a kindly recollection of their late pastor. — Avoca Mail. The tea-service referred to has been forwarded to Mr. Yeatman with the following letter : — ' Rev. and dear sir — At the request of your numerous friends and well-wishers in Avoca, I have much pleasure in asking you to accept a tea-service which I have this day forwarded to you as a very slight token of our esteem, and to convey to you and Mrs. Yeatman our sincere regret at your departure from among us, and an earnest hope for the future welfare of yourself and family. — I remain, rev. and dear sir, C. Waebueton Caek, Avoca, May 22nd, 1876\. Rev. E. K. Yeatman.' To which the recipient has sent the annexed reply :— « All Saints', Ballaarat, May 24th, 1876.— Dear Mr. Carr— The beautiful silver tea-service which, at the request of dear friends and well- wishers in Avoca, you have presented with such kind expressions of esteem for my dear wife and myself, and regrets at our being called away from you to another portion of the Lord's vine yard, we accept with sincerest feelings of pleasure, love, and. thanks. It will be ever valued by us as a precious remembrance of many happy days of our life, and of kindnesses innumerable received during the eleven years of my ministry in Avoca and the surrounding dis trict. I feel that no language can fully express our gratitude for this token of your kind feelings which has followed us to our new home, and which will not fail to recall happy memories of the past, Mrs. Yeatman desires to join me in reciprocating the earnest hope you have expressed for our future welfare. Pray accept and convey to all who joined in presenting us with so elegant and valued a testimonial our warmest thanks ; and let me, as their late pastor, assure them through you of my continued interest in their spiritual well-being, and my constant prayers for their ' growth in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour.' — I remain, dear Mr. Carr, ever yours, E. K. Yeatman.' Hoesham. — In the onward progress of townships so recently settled as Horsham, incongruities of curious kinds will crop up in the order of development, some institutions getting firmly established, while others lag behind. It must be regarded as one of those ano malies that no regular services in connexion with the Church of Eng land have till now been organised, no church erected ; but the first want is now supplied, and arrangements for the building of a church are in a forward stage. On Sunday last the first of the series of services were held in the Mechanics' Institute, Rev. M. Watson preaching morning and evening to large congregations, the hall on each occasion being quite filled. Mr. Watson has a remarkably dis tinct delivery, and created altogether an exceedingly favourable impression. It is evidently the general wish that he may have before him a long and useful career in Horsham. No doubt as the town progresses the congregation he will gather around him will be enabled to offer additional inducements for Mr. Watson to cast his lot per manently amongst us. The harmonium specially purchased for the services was used for the first time, and its tones, skilfully controlled by the lady who kindly volunteered for the occasion, were the theme of admiration. The choir was a little unsteady, as might have been expected on the first time of their being brought together, but there is evidently a sufficiency of good material at command to justify con fidence that there will ultimately be no lack of proficiency in that department. ? Divine Service was held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on Sunday, 25th June, when the Rev. J. M. Watson preached to a numerous and attentive congregation both morning and evening, thus showing the necessity of pushing on with the work of building a suitable edifice without any more delay. Every seat in the hall was occupied, and at the same time the absence of a great many regular attendants was noticed. — Wimmera Star. Natimuk. — The Rev. J. M. Watson, Church of England Clergyman from Horsham, conducted service here for the first time on the 4th of June, and was listened to by a large and appreciative congregation. The rev. gentleman created a very favourable impression, and will no doubt become popular in this part of the district, his preaching and manners being very much admired. We are likely to have service conducted here every Sunday by a Presbyterian clergyman and Mr. Watson alternately so soon as arrangements can be made. This will prove a boon to the inhabitants of Natimuk, who have been so long neglected with regard to church matters. — Wimmera Star, June Qth. It will be interesting to our readers, and indeed to many outside our immediate sphere (says the Wimmera Star), to learn of a pleasing event in the life of the heroine of the 'Lost in the Bush ' legend, and in whom such interest and admiration centred eleven years ago. The noble and heroic conduct of June Duff (Cooper, Duff being her stepfather), to whose self-denial and care two brothers owed their lives, cannot easily be forgotten. In the midst of privation and suffering, from many days' exposure and want of food, she robbed herself of her own scanty garments to cover her cold and exhausted brothers. This young lady, associated with such touching memories, was recently united in marriage with Mr. George Turnbull, by the Rev. J. M. Watson. Very many will be the wishes for the future happiness andj comfort of the young people in their married life. It lends additional local interest to the marriage that the scene of the little heroine's adventures lies near to Horsham. It was on Vectis Station that the children wearily wandered. Leaemonth. — The new chancel in course of erection at the English Church here bids well to add elegance to the structure, making it more like the edifices proper of the denomination the church is intended for. The builder, Mr. Barker, is engaged working overtime in order to complete it as quickly as possible, and the masons' work will be finished in about a fortnight. The congregation is at present using the Scotch' Church recently erected here. We are sorry to learn that the minister, the Rev. C. H. L. Rupp, has been confined to his bed for a few days past, suffering from a severe cold and influenza. — Ballaarat Star, June Yltli. St. Paul's, Clunes. — The public tea and meeting in connexion with St. Paul's Church, Clunes, held on Wednesday evening, June 28th, may justly be termed a great success. The tea was provided in the Town-hall, and presided over by ladies, members of the congregation, j assisted by visitors from Ballarat. Some 480 persons sat down to the tables, which were well laden with edibles of the best quality. The after-meeting also attracted a large attendance, the hall being crowded. In the absence of Mr. Bland, the Rev. J. E. Herring pre sided. Excellent addresses were delivered by the chairman, Revs. H. E. Cooper, the incumbent of the church, G. Innes, and_Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballaarat. A pleasing and noticeable fact in connexion with the celebration was the presence of members of other denomina- j tions, all the religious bodies being represented. During his short j residence in Clunes the Rev. H. E. Cooper has made himself quite j popular through the excellence of his preaching and untiring energy E in the performance of his duties as a Christian minister, and to this I may be attributed the large attendance on this occasion. During the I proceedings the church choir, under the leadership of Mr. Batson, | sang several anthems in a pleasing style. It is expected a profit of I over £30 will accrue from the celebration. — Ballaarat Star. - I Bealiba. — The Bishop of Ballaarat, accompanied by Mrs. Thornton I and his son, arrived in Dunolly on the 1st inst. After a short stay a I the house of Mr. W. S. Puckle, J.P., the Bishop and party proceeded to Bealiba, where he was met and welcomed by the trustees and committee of St. David's Church. On the Sunday following the Bishop preached in St. David's Church to a crowded congregation. In the afternoon he gave an address to parents and children, the church being again full ; at the conclusion the Bishop asked the young people a series of Scriptural questions in connexion with the address, and was much pleased at the ready answers that were immediately forthcoming. The evening service, at which a confirma tion service was held, was crowded to excess. Seventeen of our young people came forward to be confirmed. The offertory collection in the morning was towards reducing a small debt on the church, and amounted to £3 4s. 4d.; the evening collection, £3 5s., was devoted to the church sustentation fund. On Monday, 3rd inst., the Bishop left Bealiba for Bourke's Flat, where a tea-meeting to welcome him was eiven. Advantage was taken of his presence to present a hand somely engrossed testimonial, and a purse of 50 sovereigns, to the Eev. Wm. Hall, M.A., who has ministered to this large district for nearly twenty years, and the last few years without any emolument and in failing health. The presentation was made by Samuel Binder, Esq., J.P., of Wedderburn. The rev. gentleman returned his best thanks for the kindness expressed in the testimonial in some suitable remarks, but towards the end his voice was hardly audible from emotion. The Bishop then addressed those present in his usual happy manner, expressing his pleasure at being present when such a handsome testimonial was given to such an old and deserving servant of the church. St. Michael's Church, Talbot. — The anniversary celebration of the opening of this church — usually held on Trinity Sunday — was this year postponed to the following Sunday, the 18th June, the Bishop having consented to preach on that day. He arrived in Talbot on Saturday evening, accompanied by Mrs. Thornton. Some members of the church committee met the Bishop at the parsonage the same evening to discuss the financial condition of the parish, and ask his advice thereon. On Sunday he preached, both morning and evening, to crowded congregations, especially in the evening, when, though the church was provided with extra seats, several persons were compelled to stand throughout the service. The sermons, which were admirably adapted to the occasion, were listened to with pro found attention, the right rev. preacher exhorting his hearers not to rest contented with a Christian profession, but actively to norh for Christ, willingly to give to Christ, and prayerfully to seek that great gift of the Holy Ghost which alone could enable them to live to Christ. The stirring appeal was liberally responded to so far as giving is concerned, the offertory amounting to upwards of £10. Let 'us nope tnat me mgner appeals to a unristian lire may also be' abun- dantly fruitful in iin awakened earnestness and zeal among the con gregation. In the afternoon the Bishop visited the Sunday-school, and addressed the children, afterwards questioning them on his address. Their animated replies showed very clearly that he had succeeded in fixing their attention and awakening their interest. On Monday the Bishop visited the public school, and in the af ternooh I proceeded to Avoca, where he addressed an influential meeting in reference to church, affairs in that place. He returned to Ballaarat on Tuesday, from whence he was to commence his journey to Hamil ton the same evening. Dimboola.— The Eev. J. M. 'Watson, of Horsham, preached here both morning and evening oh Sunday, the 18th June, to a large con gregation—in fact there was great difficulty in obtaining a seat ; and it has been hailed with satisfaction that it is his intention to favour I us with a visit once a month. Although few had prayer-books, the 1 response was universal, showing how acceptable his visits will be to I many. The sermons weae listened to with great attention. — I Horsham Times* I ' StTSTENTATION AND CHUHCH EXTENSION FUND.'— Amounts j received since June 8 th : — I ORTn?rTT nFPFT?Tmm?« St. John's, Chinaman's Flat . . £3 3 3 church OFFERTORIES. St. John s; Ballaarat .. .. 11 8 C I Holy Trinity, Coleraine ..£5 11 3 - , Donations. I Christ Church, Castertou .. 2 15 9 Mrs. J. S. Welch, Hackney, I School House, Gretjurk ..253 London . . . . ,. . ..110 I St. John's, Digby . . . . 1 15 0 Three subscriptions, Wannon ' - I St. Peter's, Merino .. ..-16 0 District, per Kev. W. K. I Christ Church, YYarrnanibool. 0 7 9 Brodribb .. ... ..330 I [N.B.— In last month's list, S- Sewers, Esq., Liuton, should have been S. I Levers (L;;]' ????-?? - 