NEWS AND NOTES. We learn by telegram that the Hon. Joseph Jones was yesterday elected for Villiere and Heytesbury, beating Sir John O‘Shanassy by a very fair majority. The details of the polling were not fully complete last night, but there ie'no doubt abolat the result. The weather on Thursday was very orthodox, the heat registering 109 in the sun, and as we write at midnight, 75. There is a promise of a continuance of similar weather, so that the ripening of the grain in the late fields will go oh apace now. J A meeting, at which between 50 and 60 persons attended, was held at the Royal hotel on Thursday evening, to consider a petition to the Assembly in favor of paying the public .forthwith. After some discussion and A'riqus? suggestions, 'it was de cided to slightly alter the petition, and get it generally signed during the next two or three days. It is confidently expected that 2000 or 3000 signatures will he obtained. Copies of the petition will be left at various places to-day, and amongst others, at Messrs Eyres Bros’., Brophy's hotel, J. Sauer’s (Viol toria street), the Royal George hotel (Sebastopol road)j L. S. Christie’s, and at the Star Office. ; A swarm of bees settled on a bush in the Sturt street gardens on Thursday,, and .their Boon -att]ra<!tec(a Jcfowd/ofi'chfldren,/among whom.,_a,few adults were to be seen. One of the latter, with an eye to business, obtained a box, and quickly secured the noisy insects. - | If scarlet fever breaks out in Field street, behind the Police Camp, the City Council are doing all in its power to promote its spread. The refuse-watef .from the Camp and officials'residences about there runs right down the middle of Field street, collects; and remains there till the heat of the sun draws out from it the most noxious odors, which may at any time be the means of engendering epidemic disease! The health-officer reported this state of things to the City Council in its capacity of a board of health some time ago, but that body has apparently let matters remain as they were. We trust it will not bo content to .wait) till’sothe VviLefieota. ariseJJromithe -nuisance, . and only then take action to put the drains in order. We are assured that about a chain of V flaming will meet the grievance complained of. i Mr Kent’s State-school, Golden Point, has been closed for the present,because of the outbreak of scarlatina'among some of the scholars. I The animal conference of the Victorian and Taa| manian Wesleyan Church was held for the first time in Ballarat on Thursday; in,-.the Lydiard street Wes? leyan Church. There were over sixty ministers prei sent, the Rev. J. C. Symons being elected president; and the Rev. E. King secretary. The great question discussed during the day t was the admittance or other? wise of the lay element into the conference, and it was decided to throw open the doors to members and adherents of the Church during the session. A full report of the first day’s proceedings will be found elsewhere. i ‘ . - ' ■ I .> hTheJprincipal'reridents of Biininyongyare of- opinion "that the - BofbiigV Council- should accept'Mr Shepj pard’s offer of the pipes,'• of which if something like . 1100 feet were added to those laid down would give an ample supply of pure spring water to oyer 100 householders in Buninyong. 1 The total cost is put down at £350, and the council would receive a revenue of about £lOO per annum. The mayor and surveyor are to report on the" subject at next- meeting., IE the council decline'to 7 take the matter in hand,' it is proposed to start a small company to carry out the scheme, as it is looked upon by many as a capital investment, a far better one, indeed, than the Crown Quartz Company, ; Mr L’Estrange (the Australian Blondin) proceeded to Melbourne yesterday to procure a new rope, much superior to the one lately used by him in Ballarat; upon which, it is his to perform many daring andVaensatiohat ieats/lheveri'even /attempted ffiy? hia celebrated predecessor from the old country .His next appearance, along with the veteran pyrotechnist; Professor Prescott, will be in the Artillery Grounds, 1 Geelong, on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night? during the race week, and we have no doubt that he will rather astonish the natives of the Pivot by his wonderful performances. • ‘ The Wesleyan Church has lately been ventilated by the system now introduced into several of our public buildiugs, and known as Tobin’s, and the results so fur seem to he very satisfactory. . The No. 9 or Little Bendigo Lodge of P.A.F.S. has agreed to disband and to divide its funds. The annual meeting of the grand lodge will ha held in Melbourne in March, and Mr R. Baker, the present Q.M., has been again nominated for the office, but we are informed that it is not Mr Baker’s present in tention to be a candidates. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—-“The' Chinese New-year was celebrated at the Haddon camp yesterday. This is the beginning of the secund year of the present emperor. The usual forms and ceremonies were gone through, and the pleasant man-? ner displayed' by th? residents redounds to theit'eredit. After all ‘the-evil spirits had been-'exterminated,' and the sweet melodious sounds of music bad come from afar, all were jubilant that the spirits of the departed were at rest. Tbe usual, compliments were Kuong Hee being the watchword for -Now Year, Eveiybody was agreeable, and no noise was made to disturb„the triumphant year of Sen Neen.” We had to depend on Wednesday evening upon one of the members of the City Board of Advice for a report of itajsittingjhat;evening,] rand" we find that either he or our reporter did not get at all the facts; Instead of three members only heiog present we loarh that Messrs Whitehead,Maconoohie, Uacgowan, Picton| and Ross were present, that Messrs Maoonocbie and Pie ton were empowered to arrange for the reception of the Minister of Education on Monday next, and that Messrs Ross and Maconochie were instructed to see to the City Council’s vote in aid. Mr Gaunt, P.M., presided at the City Police-court on Thursday, and discharged one elderly female who bad been arrested for drunkenness on her paying the cost of the cab required to convey her to the police station. ... Our readers will note that only three more days remain now for. tickets to be obtained in Mr Bard well’s Art Unioo. Tnere is a splendid collection of prizes, and the drawing is absolutely fixed for Tuesday □ext, commencing at 10 a.m., at the Mechanics' Insti tute. \- -Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—.“The ad? \- vent of Messrs Berry and Go. to Scaradale is announced publicly, but. does not seem to attract very much attention. They are being brought out under the patronage of the Grenville- Reform League, and I hear that a brass trowel, of much fancy design, is in course of construction by a local, jeweller, to be presented for the interesting ceremony on Friday evening." | The adjourned half-yearly-meeting of the Band and Albion Consols Company, which was to have been held at Brophy’s hotel, on Thursday, lapsed for want of a quorum. j It is understood that his Honor Mr Justice Barry will leave Melbourne by the Californian mail oh' Monday week, on his contemplated tour. 1 The adjourned monthly meeting of tbe Buninyong Firo Brigade was held at the Crown hotel, last -Wed-! nesday evening, Captain T. S. Goode in the chair. A letter Benevolent? Asylum, in'regard fo the ’return of tickets for late monster soiree.—lt was resolved that the writer be ini formed that they had been returned some consider-! able time back. Two new members, Messrs Wilson’; and Booker, were nominated. The next practice night was fixed for the 2nd of February, and every alternate Wednesday, afterwards. . .It was decided to : take an inventory of the property of the brigade, and also to make enquiries into Mr Duly’s chimney being on fire. A copy of a letter to he sent to the Borough Council, with respect to purchase of an engine, was read and adopted. , Some accounts were passed, and thh-meetingJclosedif-.-iHT -J'/i tit: fVIiMfl I There is now no room left to doubt that the salmon has been thoroughly acclimatised in Tasmanian: waters. Mr John Woodcock Graves, the hon. seore. tary of the Tasmanian Acclimatisation Society, who has hitherto ridicdle'd/tha/Stfempt, makes open con: fession of his mistake. In a letter to tbe Mercury he’ says:—“Now that the long unsettled question as to the success or otherwise of the salmon experiment is for ever at rest by a grand victory, it is but proper that those amongst us who have held adverse opinions' should at once come forward and confess. An -avowal pn-my part to this effect,--I - know,-.is immate rial; hut since, by your’ patience’ the columns of the Mercury have been open to my pen on this subject for the last seven years, I ask for yet another space wherein to acknowledge my conviction that the English salmon in our Derwent ia simply a great fact; I have, within this last fortnight, heen-.hnd handled the smolt of the salmo saldr, as taken within a rifle shot of our city by thetfishermen’fli seine, and know that some dozens went/td" tko/h?faakf ast tablSS'pf those of our visitors, andpthersj who were fortunate enough to be first in theSinorhinjg alhilr Cearn’s fishmongery." B.B.^HlberdiaJfifroni-, London, with ■South Walestand cable on Wilson’s morning on her to Sydney.—,| Jibe visited Crcawiot'jflrr /Wednesdny'’at;the : i3ritirtidn of Mr T. J. Laby.jSon the same day they were'Shown around the district by that gentleman and ’the—president of the Smcaton Society,*Tn~whoaeTCorapany"they-visitedr ■ some of ,the.beat farms at Bullarook, expressing great ■satisfaction at all they saw. They left on Thursday ■ for-lhemetropolis.—-—:— We learn from the.AryuB',lhat’-a"-meeting was held at the "Mechanics’ ” Institute,’ Brunswick, oirWednea? , day-evening,, to take steps to select-a fit mid proper ’candidate'to,succeed Mr 'Higinbotham. as representa tive of the E'tit'Bo'urke' Boroughs id’ the - -Legislative Assembly? 'lt wduld.inppeatlthat ’the promoters had intended tha.imeeting.to have ; been of a pre liminary and private character, but their intention having’been made public, ail assemblage of: about a hundred electors had gathered in the hall of the insti tute at -the hour selected i for the meeting.; -The, pro ceedings) which were of a somewhat 'disorderly and desultory character,'‘resulted l in'a!"resolution being :passed ito: the;; effect/that! a. /public .meeting’ be Called at Brunswick at an.early.date,-lat, which Mr Higinbotham . should', be invited.- to .address the electors. - or- j hi I ne.b:/.7 i ’ The' l Geelong"^-Advertiser ‘sayst—vThe -‘ Chilwell Ghost ’ has apparently: affifted/its 'quartefSi.the last report being-that'-it was seenOasfc'hiahbabouthalf 'past-ten o'clock in the neighborhood df’th'e 'old Duke 'of l Wellington hotel, iPakibgfonl street. {"The' proba; bility is that haying been fired on at its old quarters; and 'being sufficiently'appuainted’'with -'the' fumes arising -from sulphurous' compounds' duridg its daily ' retirement,; it prefers the quiet‘and fresh "air of the above locality to the stray shots‘'and smelloLthe dis? charged 'gunpowder it has heed treated to in" the place -ithas lately honored by its visits.” 1 ? -i Thursday’s Argus says;l—"The obstructive tactics of the'.'Opposition assumed anew phase 'yesterday' after noon, when they succeeded id'securiug a cdiint-ovit in the' Les* B Assembly. Five minutes after the ’ Speaker took the chair there was not a quorum—2o .members—present; .and the meeting therefore lapsed, , The, members .present on’ the, Government side, of the House were' Sir ’ James M’Gulloeh,; and Messrs Mad ,pherson,JKerferd, Gillies, Ramsay, M’Lsllan, Fraser, Steward,'G. T. Smith/Mustil Wrisdn, MaoDarmottj , VV; Clarke, Whiteman, 1 Bosiatoj and Curtain ; and on .the left nf the 1 Speaker there were/only Messrs Service, Duffy/and Coppiu. 1 The leading'members of the Op position were in their lobby, but declined, to form a •Housq, to enable the business' of the country to be 'proceeded with. They have attempted.a'cquut-outon several previous occasions, but|have’always'been- de feated by .the Government. supporters mustering strongly ? Several Ministerialist membersarrivedyea ‘ terday afternoon just as the Speaker ’ left - the chair, but it, was,then too late. The .thin’attendance of Ministenaiists at r ths' assembling of the House" was due'to the fact of the first portion^of the business paper being’ occupied by private ’ members’ business of no great interest.” ,A',. ; ; | We (Geelong Advertiser) regret to state, that Major ..John BeKcontinuesitosink,rapidly. . He has.been in sensible ever since Monday, and but-very.i faint Hopes .indeed are entertained of his recovery,, It. may be added his severe illness is generally regretted by all classes, of, the community, there not; being,-a more .popular,.man in the , < ; Bishop Thornton has left Horsham and- mil officiate at Glenorchy to-day. . -‘ "More law;or'more vigilance/ In/its execution is needed. The Pleasant’Creek'News: says:— ‘‘ To learn all at once'that'scarlet fever‘has been- domiciled In the town for over a week; that children suffering from the malady -in its most -virulent form have been .allowed to mix unrestrained with ..the , neighbors’ children; that the house in which they live does not contain a single disinfectant article, and that medical men;hayo known-all this, and have: notr deemed it their diity- to'reportit to the‘health-officer‘or the board of health, is rather startling.' Such is the case, how ever.” „ .... . , „ ~ „ : His Honor Judge Pohlmah has received such a ■ severe, shock to? his health,‘owing- to’Jthe.'deathlof his wife, that he has , applied to the Crown law officers for a short leave of absence. The application has been,acceded to,,and j.udge..Cope.will,carry,on. Judge Pohlman’s duties during his absence. The Argus states that Major Heath, who has re cently returned-’to the colony from ¥• visit to England; proposes to establish in Melbourne a’ marine aquarium '.similar tojthe gr£at;Brightqn,aqnariffmand the new Westminster aquarium. s / We (Argus) learn fromr-Messre Richard Gibson and Cos. that the heifer Roan Duchess, bought by Mr Samuel Gardiner at the Colac sale for £2200 guineas, dropped'on, Wednesday a red built calf to the Earl of Geneva. An earthquake' shook- was ' felt simultaneously at Qreymoutb and Napier on the 13th. The New Zealand elections, which are now nearly over, will give,the Ministry,^,large majority..- •- ’ We find the following in the Live Stock Journal :— “Mr Richard Morton," of Australia, who recently dis posed pf-his. herd there, .went to,,the colonies from Skelsmergh-hall 20 years ago. He bias now returned,- and purchased for-himself ‘a’ residence in Kendal.' 1 His average, when disposing of hia_ herd by private treaty, 1 before leaving, is 1 the largest ever realised. He sold to Messrs Robertson, of Victoria, 47 animals for a total of £27,000, an average of £574 9a 4d. On the 23rd of February, 1875, Mr Morton had a sale’by auction, when 36 animals made £14,605 10s, or ah average of £405 14s 2d each. Truly Australia has been a land flowing with ‘ milk and honey ’ for Mr Morton.”/ ; Mr Higinbotham seems to be always living in the clouds (says the Daylesfprd Mercury J, and when ho does condescend to come down to earth hie views are always more or leas influenced by the lofty region in' which' -b'e- s dwells.- •’ -His standing 7 quarrel with the Colonial Secretary is strong evidence of whimsical-; ness, and reminds one of a’child who is discontented because both sides of his bread are not buttered. In the absence of other objects to find fault, jvith, Mr Higinbotham would denounce his own shadow. The Police Gazette announces that‘Mr Justice Pel lows’ property has “ bean found, not'stoleu.” The following telegrams appear in Thursday’s Herald•' —“Sydney.—Yesterday was observed as a 1 strict holiday, the regatta being the principal sport, -but iit' was a rather tame affair. Trickett won the champion outrigger race, beating Green, who, how ever, rowed splendidly. The theatres Were crowded, .in:the evening. - The Newcastle-races were largely attended yesterday. The result was as follows:—‘ Trial Stakes- rlvy. Shorts—Princo.Charlie. Maiden Plate—Janitor., Force'd Handicap—Janitor.' Jockey Club Handicap—Sir Solomon. Adelaide. Ltnglo .has.ytithdraiy.n lntercolonial.Cricket Match Bighteen." The Tararua passed’Cape Jervis’ at eight o’clock this morning.” - - The M.A. Mail saye:—“John Hampden would have been ashamed of .such a.wtetched..causo,as that of the stone-wallers and would not have soiled his fingers by touching;the heads of .the ringleaders of the .faction... John Hampden was;a patriot and a gentleman. He was the very reverse of a hungry office-seeker, of a prating, pragmatical, pretentious political loafer. He threw himself heart and soul /into a great caused-the resistance of taxation, illegally, unconstitutionally, and arbitrarily levied. He, did not oppose the,yqice of tha : people as;expressed by a majority of its representatives, ‘elected by a broad suffrage, in the House of 'Commons. It was against the despotism of the- Crown overriding and supersed ing the authority of the Commons' House of Parlia ment that he fought. And the ship- money which he resisted fell almost exclusively on the landed proprietors .ot.Hngland. What wretched cant,.then, what .drivel ' ling ignorance, to liken jbe'q.bstrnctive tactics.of the’sd pitiful stonelwallere ' to^the''heroic/buf not’altogether disinterested,'conduct of ■' John Hampden. As to the parallelism between our circumstances and those of the North American colonists 100 years ago, none but an idiot would dream of placing the two in juxtaposition. They fought against taxation with out representation, while the Berry faction ia im potently -struggling against taxation regularly and lawfully proposed to be imposed by a majority of the representatives of'the people, "elected less than two years_ jago? by: manhood suffrage. (/Every intelligent man in the colony must be able to see through such transparent’clap-trap as thac.^talked by these noisy and selfish demagogues.” A special meeting of 'the. committee e£ the' Ballarat Cricket Club will be held this afternoon. ■ There jvill .be, special servioes in Ebenezer. Presby terian Church' on-Sunday next, when’ the Revi- Robert Lowers, of Sandhurst,'' will preach morning" and evening. i 