CHILDREN'S COLUMN. (From 'vTaleaby the Hon. Mrs Greene,' published by CWWl. Peiter and Gnluiu.') I THE FAIRY'S GAP. r Bam, cam, w.ike up, lau ! you must rise at once, anu put on your hat and coat, and go off dowu-hill for the aoctor. Your sister Jane ha* taken a bad turn.' 'Eh, mother? What's that you sny?' replied a aleepy voice from the room within. ' Sure'y you wo ild not have me go down the hill at such an hour of the night?' 'I would not ask you to do it. 6am. dear, if I could help it ; but you would not have poor Jane die, and help c.ose at hand V* ? Sam rose fr«m his ra*t,drew on his clothes hastily, and opened'the door of his room, outside which his mother ? ood with a caadlein her hand, the flame of which sLe | was obliged to shelter fri.m tlie blast, which rushed wl|ii , a hissing sound through the kitchen. 11 How had is she V' he asked hoarsely, as he Bcannetl bis mother's face for the truth. il Come and see,' she replied quickly j ' and you can judge for yourself whether you ought to go or not.' ' She's had enough, surely,' said Sam, as he emerged from the sick room ; 44 but I tell you the truth, mother, I'd rather another big stone fell on my own foot and crushed it, than go down the hill at this dead hour of night.' I dare say you would, Sam : but what can I do? I'd go myself, only I could not leave the poor child.' ?? Of all nights in the year to send me out. !' muttered Sam, buttoning up his rough frieze cnat to his chin; ?c tiie very night when every ghost in the country is abroad.' , 14 Sammy, darling,' said his mother, as she followed him to the deor, 'do you think I'd send you down the hill to-night if I thought there was aught abroad as would harm ? God know* I wouldn't ; there ore no more phostfl on the hill, tfam, this night, than ther-j are stars intheskj.' Sam gave no answer save a gruff uod, and, takimr down a large stick which hung behind the door, he oponed it aud stepped out upon tlie moor. It was what nn'crlit beonllod nn awful nicrht unon ths wild moor which Sam had to cross, and afterwards de scend, in order to rcach the litt e town below. The wind seemed actually to bellow as it rushed up the hill from the sea, aud the boom of the wavc^ beL6?th, as they burst upon the rocks, had something, at least to Sammy's ear, threatening and terrifying in its sound. Sammy was a aturdy boy, with large strong hands anil stout limbs. In the day time he was afraid of no oue— he would fight the biggest boy iu the town; but at night he was the veriest coward that ever breathed ; nnd a cat creeping past tho cabin wiudow in the moonlight, would make his heart stand still with fear. Perhaps Sammy was not altogether to blame for his cowardly fears and fancies. The bill on which he lived, and the ruim among which his cabin home wa* built, were considered by the supr-rstitioU9 folk round about to be haunted. 11 There was a white figure to be seen flit ting to and fro between the castle and the village : t niglit time,' said one ; '? theie was a woman's voice t.» be heard wailing among the rocks on the cliff/' said an other ; and the sound of a- foot clogged with au iron chain might be henrd at n re Intervals a' the Fairy's Gap, a small patch of furze nbout half way down the hill. Sam had listened to all these stories from the time he was a eraall child toddling to and fro to fhe village school and now that he was a great tall boy, they were as true to him as Gospel words— nay, truer, for had , Sammy loved his Bible and {trusted in his God, lie would, have remrni iered that God naver sleepeth, and that His fa therly, eyes are ever on the watch, both by day and niglit to preserve thoie that love Him. Sammy had no trust in any one save himself nnd his preat blackthorn stick, which, he alway carried with him in times of danger j and to-night, as be walked with quick though faltering step across the moor, his very teeth chattered with tho fear which had enrae upou hiin'; and it was with a trembling hand that lie swayed the lantern about over tbe path befiire him* Meantime, in the cottage built araung tbe ruius of the old castle, Sam's mother watched the hands creep ing slowly over the face of the clock, and feverishly counted the minutes till Sam could return with the longed-for help. Little Willie, her youngest son, had risen from his bed, 'and wns sitting shiveriug ou the | bench hy the empty kitchen, grate, listening to the inoans of his sister, and praying earnestly iu his little heart that God would soon give* her relief from the dread ful pain she was suffering. i During tho great storm which bad raged the day be fore, as well as in the night, a large stone had become dissngaged from the ruius above1, and, rolling dowu, had overtaken little Jane in her hurried flight within, and crushed her foot into a slmpeles* inasi, The doctor who had been hastily summoned had held but but little hope of saving the child's foot, but had urged upon them tlio necessity of sending for^him, should an unfavorable change take place during the niirlit-time. i And n mo$t unfavouiab e change had taken place ; the little ^irl had started nom her sleep with a piercing scream, and since then the cry of pain or the dull moan ?of suj prcssed anguish hal never ceased within the cabin. '? M He rat s; have reached the town by this time, Willy lore' said his mo:her, as she came into the kitchen with tears pourlug down her cheeks. *? God grant she inay live until he return !' Willy did not spenk ; ha stood up from the bench on which he wasseated, aud. stretching out his arras to hia mother, he drew down fier face and kkt^d it ; then kneeling down in his little ragged trousers on the cold flags, and claspiug his handstightly together, there went up a prayer to God, every word of which was a sob. I)at the pruyeijwas uot a long one ; ? suddenly outside on the moor there was a sound of footsteps hasteuing to-; wards the house. 44 Mother, mother !' cried Willy, ' they are coming ! I hear jootsteps outside,' ' It is impossible, Willy ; they could not be here so 6000.' 11 Open the door !' cried n hoarse voice outside; ''open the door, and let me in !' Willy made for the door ns fast as he could, and lifted the latch. The gust of wind that rushed in blew out the candle in hi* hand, so that he could not see who pushed quickly past, but the voice was Sam's. ' Home already, Sara !' cried his mother anxiously,. ' Have you seen the doctor ?' 41 No, mother'; and not another foot will I ever put out of this house again at night— not for yuu, or Jane, or any one !' Saiu's voicc was trembling as he spoke. ** Why what 1ms happened to you Sammy, dear ?'ond Mrs Salter, by the light of the newly-lighted candle, saw that her sou's face was as whito as death; ' What has happened to me ? Why, just, ns I turned the top of the hill, a gust of wind blew the light out oj the lantern : nnd then, n bit lower down, at tbe Fairy'd Gap, just where 1 knew I should see it, up sprung a white figure almost at my feet, and. followed me into the mad. and dogged my steps for I'm sure ten yards down the hill, 1 turned on it at last, to see' what it was made of, and away it flitted into the furze again. I rolled a great stone down the hill after it,, nnd then if you had heard the wreech it gave ! I though I had done for it, and ran on as fait as I could ; but just at the turn, be fore you come in sight of the town, there I saw it again on the road before nit, an fr&li; as if I 'had never hurt it. So I just turned on my heel and ran as fast back h«r« as ?w.my legs eouidcairy ma; and not as other foot will you ever get me again to put out of this house at night.' , MrsSaltercouliisee that herjsou was terribly frightened, -but that any gho.u had really nrisen to frighten him she. knew to b'a Impossible; so, with abittersighof dis appointment, she turned again into tbe sick room, and moved towards the bed. ' Jane, could you do without me a little time, till : I go down into the town to fetch the doctor?!'-,she asked in n low voice, ad she bent over her daughter. ' 'Ob, no, no) mother ! don't leave tne, don't leave rae!'and Jane clutched .eagerly nt her mother's necker chief. \ ' She'll do bravely till the morning, never fear, mo ther,' said sam encouragingly. ** She'll ba dead before the morning,' murmured Mrs Salter, as with a ^roan she sank on a chair by the bed, and covered her lace with her hands. Willy caught the words, faint as thiY were, and his very heart sank under him. He le.ine-5 against the wall and his eyes rested for a minute upon his sister's suffer ing face. Then his resolution seemed taken: he passed out into the kitchen, he lifted up Sara's cap from the table where he had laid it down, he raised tlie latch of the kitchen door, aud iu auother minute little Willy was out on the wild moar, running as fast as his two short legs could carry Miu in the direction of the town. Willy was a much greater coward by nature than sam: he was a weak child and a timid one. At school he would hide or turn round and run from a boy, no matter how small, who wanted to attack him; but within this weak frame there was a heart which trusted in God, and 'twas to God Willy turned for strength as he issued out upou the lonely moor to bring help to his sister. The night was so dark, Willy came to many a halt in his anxious race ; sometimes he stumbled over a stone, sometipes over a furze bush : and sometimes the distant wail of the wind, or the noiso of the waves on the beach filled his iniud, too, with horror ; but still thinking of his. sister's sufferings and his mother's griefj he pushed bravely on. As he drew near the Fairy's Gap, however, he paused fora moment, while the wish rushed through his heart, also to return as Sara had done, and run wildly back to his home ; for there, in the break of the furze-hedge, he too saw, as plainly as eye.* could see in such a darkness, a white figure standing in the Gap. As he paused, it. moved iuto the road, and came towards him ; tbero wns the sound of the clanking chair and footsteps; Willy could not be mistaken — he was certain that he heard it, and 1m cowered close up behind the furze-bush on the opposite side of the road. The white figure passed him by, and seemed to move higher up the hill. Willie came out from the shelter of the bush, and hurried on his way towards the town; but in another minute the figure had turnedrtoo, and was following him — he could hear tbe clauking chain and even souud of foot after- foot touch ing the ground behind him. Poor litttle Willy ! He was only seven years old, and painfully susceptible to fear ; and as I said before, he wns what boys call a coward : but in the sight ot. God he was a brave boy, and n faithiul boy — ojie of God'a own soldiers, who beurjiis cross and his armour, and after wards wenr His own crown. Into Willy's little beating heart there came, that dnrk night, these words of comfort and strength ; ' He that keepeth thee will not slumber;' 44 Hcsliall cover thee nil fi?n^,er9- and under his wings shalt thou trust;' Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night, for he s ioJ give his aug Is charge ovi r thee to keep thee iu all thy ways.' It was many a Sunday ago since Willy hod learned these texts in his class, but now they came into his mind as fresh as ii he had just hoard thom ; and, as Willy thought of God's angels haviug charge over him, he walked boldly forward, though the footsteps still fol lowed closely at his heels, aud the sound of the clanking chain. At last Willy came in sight of the village, nnd of the light which burned all night Jong outside the door ofthe vnhige inn. His heart leaped up with joy aud gratitude at the thought that he hud been brought safely to his journey's end. and that soon be would be able to obtain the needlul help for his sister ; but still he I'wuvil In turn and confront the figure, which followed (dosulv in Ins rear. In a few minutes more. Willy was in tho villnze street aud the lij^ht of the lamp above was reflected in tlie rain pools nt his leet ; thpn W ill v turned to tnke a look at his ghostly pursuer, and . a child's laujyli, loud and lon^, broke for a moment the hush of the silent street*. It. was Willy's laugh, which issued almost unconsciously f.om his lips. And why ? The phostlv pursuer was none other than Minnie, a neighbor's favourite goat, which in some strange way bad got srparaird from its twin sis ter. and for the sake of company, had followed Willy into the town, with the Iron chnii* which had bound it to its co-npanion still hanging round its neck. Willy, relieved from all his fears, soon found the doc tor's house ; the good man rose from his bed at the ilrst sound ot the bell, and, lookingdown into the street, re ceived the boy's message. He 1 1 1 Willy to wait, and, in a few minutes more, both/ the ooctor and the fnithlul little brother were mounted on the doctor's strong nag, and riding up over tho common towards the cottage on the hill. The doctor's help came in time, and the little girl's loot was saved ; aud Willy had the happv consciousness that, through God's help', it wn- partly owing to his courage in lacing the terrors of the night. The following morning, Sam's ghost was discovered, also, in the lifeless body of Minnie's twin sister, lviug crushed beneath the heavy stone which lie had rolled upon it. Sam was ashamed and utterly put to the biush by the superior courage displayed hy'tlie boy lie had . looked upon as a coward ; but in time he learned not only to see, but to experience for himself, that Willy's help eamn from above, and that ' he that putteth his trust in the Lord shall never be confounded.' i Queensland Floods.— Leyburo, July 24th— Of twelve thuusand travelling sheep, the property of Mr ! John M'Arthur, of Glenelg, about live hundred were drowned on Condamine Plains. Mr Geddeu, who was ; engaged in surveying af ileelio, lost sixteen horses, hi? j tent aud all its elfccts. In order to save themselves from drowning, four men remained in tlie trees near Mr Geddens' ennip for forty hours. Dalby, July 22nd— At Cecil Plains, on Saturday last, the flood waters rose to within twenty-one luetics of the highest flood ever known. Tlie sheep were remuved in safety, but fears nrc enUrtainrd respecting tho cattle and horses. The fences were torn up in every direction. The boats be longing to the station were of grent service in removing the families of selectors, whose homesteads weie flooded. — Darling Dawns Gazette. Tiie Disease in Sheep.—' The ravatres that have been committed hy the new disease, ns some call it, among the aheepin the Belfast district of Victoria would appear to have been very sjrious, ns we learn from the Manner that within the last four months no fewer than 14,000 sheep have died on one and 10.UU0 on another of the largo stations in the neighborhood. We are in formed also that on one of the l uus in the Portland dis trict, some 75U0 sheep have died within the same time. The disease to which the animals have succumbed is known as ' ' liver rot,' for which there appears to be no specific. On many stations men hare been employed for months past solely to removed the pelts oti' the sheep as they died. The Victorian correspondent of the Border Watch says : — 11 The new sheep disease, dropsy, braxy, fluke or whatever it is, has arrived nt a very alarming stage during the month, and threatens to exterminate shiep on tlie seaboard of Victoria. On oue twentv thou sand sheep run all the sheep have died. On a'smaller station they die at the rate of 300 per diem, and it is palntul to travel over a third from the number of sheep lying dead on it. Several selections have been cleaned out by the disense, and on ono a number of pot sheep hove succumbed to it. Young fat sheep died sooner than old crawlers, and in no two cases are the internal appear ances of tlie dead sheep similar. If tlie disease reaches the large runs tho result will-be dreadful.' . Death of the Rev. A. il. HE.vDF.nsoN.-Lon- | don, July loth. — Tlie Rev. A. M. Henderson, of tlie Collins-street Independent Church, hasdied at Toronto, 'Canada. . The Lisbon Thamwayb Case.— London, July 15tb. — In the case of Twycross v Albert Grant, a ver dicthas been returned for the plaintiff, with £100 dam ? jm, and £0000 costs. The Wool Market.— London, 15th July.— The wool market biddings are more animated, but prices are without recovery. The fill is estimated at 30 per cent, on the rates nf June last year.— Press telegram. Total Loss of tiie E. and A. M.' S. Queens land.— This magnificent steamer, which only arrived on Saturday last from Foo Chow Foo with a cargo of tea valued at nbout £150,000, after a splendid passage, has suddenly had her career cut short by collision with an other steamer. After landing her cargo in excellent style and very quick time, she took tier departure from Hobson's Bay for Sydney on Wednesday afternoon, nt two o'cloek , and apparently was progressing favorably uiitil half-past five o'clock yesterday morning, when she was about fifteen miles N.E. of Wilson's Promontory. At that time she came into collision with the stenmer Burrabool, and in 'about forty-five minutes afterwards sank in nbout thirty fathoms of water, but fortunately, all hands had by that time got on board - the Barrabool. Tlie Queensland, as previously stated in thn Age was ono of the finest steniner'|that had erervisited Hobson's 1? a . Her first visit was on tlie 27th of April last, when do wns on her maiden trip, and from tlieu until the mishap everything wont on well, and she promised to he a com plete success, sho was built by Messrs Palmer and Co., ofJarrow, and cost about £08,5!I0, hut an additional sum of nhout £2000 was expended on tier cabins. The Barrabool was on her way from Sydney to this port, nnd the iuiury she received wns very severe, her bows being stove in and her anchors and chains ' torn away. She, however, is built in compartments ; nnd although in no danger, must necessarily proceed slowly, so tlint it will most lit.ly, he eight or nine o'clock tins morning before she reaches Holison's Bny. She is insured, and her owners are alio insured on tlie collisioa clause. — Age. Robkrt IIoudin, the celebrated conjuror nnd pres tldigitateur, hnd pitched ilia town where nrivnl conjuror had been drnwing full hgusrs for some time. Tlie arrival ol the great professor annoyed ids opponent considerably, and he set hi- nlto to work to find n means of neutralis ing the great loputatlon of the famous magician. On the morning of tho day on which Rubort Houdln was to open his snow, the walls and hoardings of the town were covered with tremendous posters, announcing that his rival would for that night only 'cat n man nlire.' TJm advertiser was really clover iii his profession, nnd the public flocked to liis place of entertainment, which, by the time the curtain ro«e. was crowded fi on floor to ceiling. The performance; which consisted ofthe usual tricks of sloightnf hand and transformations, wn« draw ing towards th* end, whin the perlomer eimi quiatly to the footlights, and aunounced tlint be was ready to per lurin tho great feat ofthe evening, tiiatof eating tnui alive. A number of cnmlidntes cnm« on to tlie stage, ' who were willing to allow themselves to be opcratod on, bat the conjuror appeared to be somewhat fastidious iu his selection. One was too fat, and would make him sick, another too lean, aud hard of digestion. At length a suitable candidate was selected, nnd tlie performer tint ing divested himself of his coat, unbuttoned his vest, and letting out a reef in his trousers, proceeded to pour oil over the head of liis victim, dusted him with flour, aiid nnd anon sprinkled him witli vinegar and pepper. ' Hav ing doctored his '? bonne bouchc' to his satisfaction, be seized the hand of the person thus prepared, and pro ceeded to gnaw his thumb as if nbout to swallow it; wnereat tne victim roarcu most lustily, to tlie intense de light of the audience, who were now screaming with laughter. The performer quietly asked the man to be eaten what was tlie cause ol tho outcry, and he indig nantly declared that k. had bittin his thumb. ' Bit your thumb (' snld the conjuror, ' How did you sup pose ;l could eat you without biting you 1 If you make such a to do about your thumb being bitten, how do you suppose you will endure being eaten up 'holua bolus V ' Having retired to liis seat amid tbe jeering laughter of the audience, the conjuror came forward and said : ?' Ladies and gentlemen, you perceive that the candidate lor being eaten has failed to perform his part ofthe bargain, 1 uin perfectly willing to fulfil mine ; so if there is any other gen tleman willing to come forward, we shall proceed with the performance, for I am pre pared to eat anyone, or even the whole lot of you.' It is needless to say that no other caudidnte olfcrin;, tbe performance ended, and the dudieuce retired in great good humor. ' The publication of tlie report of the Chief Inspector of Stock iu Queensland, eu the state of the sheep aud cattle iu thnt colony, reminds us ofthe nou appearauceof a similar report relating to tho stock of this colony. The prosperity of New South Wales is so intiruntely bound up with everything connected with our flocks and herds thnt it does appear essential that svery effort shi.uld be made to obtain periodical information regarding their number and condition. At present that information is only furnished by tlio stockowners of their own free will hy tilling up certain forms distributed by the district in spectors. Now that the colony is free from disease there is a want of motive to comply with the request for in formation, nnd consequently many of the forms are not filled up, and the duta furnished to tho head oitice is so imperfect that it has become impossible to make up re turns that are even approximately correct. It is often the caso that what is everybody's business turns out in Eractice to be nobody's business, unless there is some ttle coercion in the shape of legislation, .it the Stock Conference held in Sydn-y about IS months ngo the re presentatives of the colonies expressed a un'animoi s opinion iu favor of the several Governments being invitid to obtain legislative power to collect returns relatiug to stock aud the diseases that may, or may not, lie atiecting our sheep and cattle.- A recommendation from such a source is certainly entitled tocousideratiou. The reluc tance of the stockowners to lurnisti iulormation arises jwiuviiuiu U ihhumu mujajjosuiuu Lu j,'iVe iniormaiion rcgnrding their possessions. But if secrecy is observed by the inspectors, the objection is to a large extent re moved. And we are uot awure of a single instance of a wrongful use of the information given. We believe thnt only those owners who oecupy2uu0 acres aud upwardsi.M applied to for information. However, returning to tlie Queensland report, we notice this curious circumstance that whereas wu have iu this colony xH,OUO,OUO our northern neighbour lias but 7.0U0,liU0 ; aud yet we are under tlie necessity of importing fat sheep from Queens land. Of course this arises from the difierence in tlie seasons that have prevailed in tlie two colonics for the past twelve or eighteen mouths. Queensland could sup ply us with plenty of fat cuttle ; but their exportation by sea is not so easily eJ'ecleJ as that of sheep. W ith the return of spring, however, and the growth of gross wo may expect fat cattle overland, and a consequent im provemeut in the quality, anu a reduction in tlie price of heel' in the Kyuiicy market. The sheep of Queensland continue perfectly free from all disenses recognisi d by tiie .sheep Act ; hut owing to the unprecedented munality amongst lambs, the increase of the flocks throughout the colony only amounted to one and a half p. -r cent, over that ofthe year 18/4. And although pleuro-pucuinonia iu cattle is still prevalent iu some districts, tbe report states that it lias almost spent itself for tbe present.— 6'. il. Herald. M. Henri de Parville, in a scientific article in th e Bulletin Francaii, mentions a curious product:— ' In America billiard halls nf artificial ivory are made of remarkable hardness, and of a perfect resemblance to the natural substance. Jewels mad. ofthe same material have been quite in vogue for some months. The new balls have already been introduced into England nnd France. Lately, in London, it so happened that a player, iu lighting his cigar, let a match fall on the hall which at once hurst into n flame, to the great stupefac tion of all present. It burnt with n sm^ky Huu.e, like sealing-wax. Efforts were made to extinguish it but unavai'ingly, and it had to be left until it was com pletely consumed, which took a quarter of an hour. The explanation of this strange phenomenon was sought this being the first time that n billiard ball had l:ee:i known to net. in such a marvellous manner, the curiosity of th( spectators being naturally excited. An American che mist explained the secret ol that unexpected combustion. Tne sui stance wituwnicli tlie nowivorv is made is called celluloid iu tlie United Slates. It is a mixture of gun cottou and camphor, compressed and dried. . It forTus a hard, elastic material, which, when polished hns nn ab solute resemblance to ivory. Everyone knows thnt camphor bums readily, with a blue flaiiie. Gu icotton d es better still— it explodes I The two combined and o in pressed 1 Think whether the inflammability of the r suits is astonishing. Chloral.— Speaking of this soporific, the use of which hns become much too common, Dr. Routli snrs : — ' No remedy has appeared to me if long persisted'in, to produce more deplorable broin-wcakuesr. Like dram drinking, it is craved after ; nnd a3 its efiects pass away, it leaves a degree of mental depression which renders tho sufferer a most miserable creature. I think I may safe ly say that in persons who have acquired tlie habit of taking it, it has brought of itself prematura mental de coy us effectively ns tlie heaviest overwork and worry could have done. If given, therefore, nt all, it ihoul'd be given under medical surveillance only.' The most extensive cattla- raiscr in America, if not in the world, isJ. W. Hiff, of Northern Colorado, whose ranch is 151! miles long/beginning at Juleshurg on the east and extending to Greely on the wnst, He cuts no hay for his cattle. They live tiie entire year on the rich native grass, and the percentage of loss is sniail. He now owns 20,000 head of cnttle, and will have this num ber after his sales for the present yearare completed. The number of calves brauded this year will he about 5%0 head, nnd his sales of three aud four-year-old steers and fat cows will be about tho same. He expects to realise 43 dollars per bend nek on his snles this vear; or, in tho aggregate, nbout 200,000 dollars. In Scotland horses are healthy, and as dear as ever. At the recent shows in the westoi' Scotland decently good Clydesdnle mnres or fillies could not be purchnsed under £200, nnd several made nbout double that figure. These animals are for breeding ; but powerful young horses for the ordinary work of tlie farm make about £100 a head— sjme even exceeding thnt figuri . The New Sultan's Wife and Family.— The New York Times says tlmt the Sultau was married a few years ago to n beautiful Circassian slave who wa-; purchased for the 6uin of 12,000 dollars. She was taWn Mo Constantinople at a very early age, and was taught 1. 1 the accomplishments that could be acquired in that me tropolis. When she arrived at marriageable age she was reckoned to be the most beautiful aud elegant lady in tlie Turkish Empire. This lady has boruo Alehemet Murau several children, and it is said time he has devoted au h care and attention to their education. He is sain n t to be a fanatic, but rather disposed to he liberal iu hU Dr Brunton writes in tlie Practilionto for! February ; — Where men tire subject to great' and prolonged exposure to cold, experience lins taught thein the dagger of taking ' pints Tyhilo tho exposure continues. My friend, Dr Fayer, told aie that when crawling through the wet heather in pursuit of ; deer, on a cold dav he oflered the keeper who ac companied him a pull from his flask. The old man declined, saying, 'No, thank you, ii is too cold.' The lumberers in Canada who aro engaged in felling timber in the pine forests, living there ail winter, sleeping iti holes dug in the snow, and lying on spruce branches covered with buffalo' hides, allow no spirits in the camp, and destroy any that may be found there. The experiences of Artie travellers on this subject is nearly unanimous and I owe to m-- frieuu, Dr. Milner Fother gill, an anecdote which illuctrates it in a very striking way. A party of Americans cross ing the Sierra Nevada encamped at a spot above the snow lino, aud in au exposed situa tion. Some of them took a good deal of spirits beforo going to sleep, aud they lay down warm aud happy ; somo took a moder ate quantity, and they lay down, somewhat but not very cold j others took none at allj and they lay down very cold and miserable. Next morning, however, those who had tak^n no spirits got up feeling quite well, those who bad talcen a little got up feoling co(d and wretched, and those who had taken a good deal did not gat up at all ; they had perished from cold during tlie night. Those who took no alcohol kept their heart warm at' the cx4 pense of their skin, and they remained well ; those who took much wuraied their skill at the expense of their boart und they died. But wliilo alcohol is thus injurious during prolonged exposure to cold, the caso is very different after the oxposuro is over, and it* administration mnv then ba r«r j b«ne$«ial. 