STELLA'S' LETTER. Pahie, Mabch— Apart. IKUNDATION6. Thb great topic of interest during the past week has ne cessarily bet's, the continuation of the terrible inundations which, as stated in my last, hare attained this year the pro portions of a veritable calamity. The Seine, in many places, lias formed a lake nearly three mites vide, and the high winds hare beaten np the vide expanse of water into v a vea thatahnost rivalled those of an angry sea. As nearly all the rivers of Fisnot have been similarly affected, some idea cf the extent of the misery and mischief of the last fort night may be arrived at Subscriptions have been organised *U over the country, for providing necessaries for the num bers of poor people whs have been driven ont of their dwellings by the water; andmuchlargersumswillbeneeded to enable the peasants to replant, rebuild, and refurnish, after the sweeping away of their furniture and implements, the results of their labour, and, in too many cases, their habitations. Committees have been formed, and hard at work, distributing succour among the victims of the innu merable localities invaded by the floods. Grand ladies are getting up charity balls; theatres and circuses are giving perfoimances. the profits going to the fund for the sufferers from this terrible -casualty. The Marshal and his wife have given liberally, and Lave been indefatigable in visiting the inundated districts, carrying help to the sufferers in boats. The spectacle of the open country round the capital converted into a vast lake, with entire villages submerged, tops of trees and souses shoving here and there, boats plying in all direc tions, and masses of debris of every kind, floating on the water, has been drawing crowds every day to the points which commanded the widest views ot the strange and melancholy' some. Here, in Paris, the river rose seven metres before it began to subside, being almost level with the pavement of the streets; a turbid and swollen stream rushing along with a violenoo that, for a few hou-s, eeriouaV threatened the bridges. The cellars on either side of the nver have been invaded as far as the Bue St. Lazare. on the right bank, and the Bue St. Dominique on the left ; the water entering by the sewers, and penetrating to dis tances almost incredible. In some cases the cellars have fceen filled to a depth of six or seven feet; and the inunda tion has lasted for over a fortnight. Toe river has fallen a yard within a few days, and is subsiding steadily; but the effects of such a long soaking most necessarily tell on the bealth of the town. Parts of Cours la Reine and the road ?tthefootoftheTrocadero have been under water; and the gardens of Ifnssrd and the Bessdeh'evre Concert have been tamed for several days into ponds. The water was just be ginning to make its way to the Plaoe de la Concorde, when the turn came and the mischief was arrested. The municipality is appointing commissioners to visit the streets from which the water has now disappeared, in order to report on the state of the houses, many of whioh are too much injured far repairing, and wul have to be pulled down. FESTIVAL OF 1VA6HZB.W0MBN. Yesterday, Mid-Lent, the -festival of the washerwomen, -witnessed the usual traditional rejoicings of that important sisterhood. Formerly, the whole body chose a queen for fheday, the queen choosing a king ; and the general con tribuuons swelling the sum given by the Boval couple for *he ball which wound up the day's frolic. But the matter as now managed differently. Instead of a single grandly ornamented cart, containing the Queen, Sing, and Court, in white muslin and tinsel, each principal washing- house on the Seine elects its own Queen ; ana the cortege con tains a cumber of vehicles, each oonvfying its own digni taries through the chilly streets of the city. Of late years, too, the male element has become much more important, in the great washing-establuhmentB, than it formerly was. Until within a few yean, the assistance of masculine arms was only employed for wringing the wet linen, and not in all the washhonses; at present, that aunBtanr* is generally employed, and moreover the male assistants have gradually got possession of a large part of the ironing, and it is canons to see a sturdy fellow with thick and hairy arms, busy wielding the flat-iron in connection with the most delicate and highly ornamented elments of feminine under clothing. £ome little jealousy seems to have been excited by this immixtion of the uglier fu-T in a department hither to filled by its rival; but as the male ironer is usually the Imsband of the mistress of (he establishment, he will probably maintain the footing thus usurped. Many of the Paris washerwomen have now entirely abandoned the use of soap and rubbing having substituted the various com twondf of lime in plaoe of t&e; former, and the sarubbing fcroBh in place of the other, with results, as to wear and tear of the linen confide! to them, too obvious for descrip tion, fioineof them do not even go to the expense of buy ing the compounds teferred to, but content themselves with throwing spadefuls of lime into the tanJb with the linen; -* mo Oat perfectly new linen is not unseldom sent home from its 'first wash' riddled with holes bomed by the lnuewhsre it happened to fall. Another agreeable novelty adopted by the once-admirable laundresses of Paris, is the sewing of pieces of linen into a bundle; by running a strong thread through one comer of each article, so as to hold them to gether during the process of washing and drying, and then pulling them apart with a jerk, making, of course, a hole in each. Complaints of the bad washing and rapid ruin of linen, at the present day, 'are universal here, and generally throughout Europe. What is termed 'fine linen' is usually done with more care ; but house-linen and under clothes are worn out in a quarter of the time formerly re quired for that operaiion. XAVIGARLE RALX.O0VS. 'We have news from the other side of the Atlantic of the approaching cB'ablishnient of a line of directable balloons, without gas, 'to convey passengers and letters between the United States and Europe.' The new invention is called 'The Aerophone,' but no particulars are yet known in regard to it. Whatever may be the merits or otherwise of the new system, it is certain that the question of air- travelling is absorbing more and more of effort^ research, and. practical experimentation eveiy year, and the parties who are pursuing this aim with so much patience and pertinacity are becoming more and more sanguine of eventual success. CULTIVATION' OF SUGAR. While the young Kinjr of Spain and his subjects are busy with triumphal entries, illuminations, and other testimonies of general rejoicing over the collapse of the rebellion, the cultivation of the sugar-cane is making great progrers in Andalusia, on the coasts of the two provinces Grenada and Malaga, and around Adra, the climate of that region being eminently favourable to that plant. In 1874 the two districts together produced 219,000 quintals (2214 lbs. each) of raw sugar, at 45 francs 26 centimes the quintal— a yield worth about £400,000, of which somewhat less than half belonged to Grenada, somewhat more than the half to Malaga and Adra. A rich firm of Malaga has recently bought 20,000 of land to the north of Gibraltar, on the basks of the river Guardiaro, and is going to devote about a third of this ground to the culture of the sugar-cane, which will be gradually extended should the experiment prove successful. The 'running to and fro in the earth, which has become so marked a charac teristic of the present age, seems destined to destroy much of the marked lines of demarcation between the various localities of the globe, not only in ideas, sym pathies, language, dress, and habits, but also to a certain extent in natural productions. Certain products must, evidently, remain restricted to certain regions ; yet the extent of the region in which they are cultivated will certainly be gradually increased. Tea, coffee, cotton, wine are already beginning to overstep the limits within which their production was formerly confined ; and the sugar-cane appears to be following in the wake of those produots. Let us hope that a Larger cultivation of the sugar-cane may drive its unworthy rival, the beet, out of the sugar market; the inferiority of beet-sugar to cane sugar being evident to all who have compared the two, both in flavour and. in saccharine power. At present, the manufac ture fostered by the First Napoleon, with a view to injure Bnglish commerce, is - increasing both - in France and in Belgium ; and England, strange to say, is becoming one of the largest consumers of this heterodox and altogether infe rior sugar which, selling here at seventeen sons per pound, is sold in London at about ten soup, thanks to the bounty on exportation allowed, by the French Government, with a view to increasing the business of the French manu facturers. BANQUET TO SOLDIERS OF THE OLD WABD. The annual banquet of the soldiers of the Old Guard of the First Empire has just been held at the usual place — the Catelain restaurant, at the Palais BoyaL This commemo ration was instituted twenty years ago, and the guests then numbered €00 ; they have now dwindled down to thirty-seven. At tide dessert, the old veterans drank one silent toast to the memory of their hero; and three spoken ones — viz., to Marshal MacMahon, to their chairman, and to the comrades who have died during the past twelve months. A REVOLUTIONARY SPEECH. It EeemB increasingly probable that 'tbe extreme Left ' in the Chamber as in the Senate will do its best to push forward the extreme measures that would necessarily bring about the anarchy- and bloodshed that would, as necessarily, bring back the Imperial regime. While Victor Hugo and M. Baspail are demanding a general amnesty for the insane and aangunary heroes of the Commune, one of the latter, at the Communist celebration held at Brussels to celebrate the anniversary of the proclamation of that ''Government of Misrule,' after treating Gambetta as 'a trickster,' Victor Hugo as an aristocrat in disguise, andThiersasa monster to be put under the ban of the future, gave utter ance to the following declaration, that might, one would think, be profitably meditated on by the partizans of an in discriminate amnesty that would bring back a horde of murderers «wT incendiaries to Paris: — 'Brothers, let us remember that forty thousand of our number succumbed under the balls of the myrmidons of the panic-stricken middle classes. Let us not forget that the blood of those heroes, dead valiantly for the rights of the people, cries for vengeance, and must fall on the heads of the murderers. Let us not forget that, before dving, our brothers be queathed to us the right and the duty of avenging them. O you, glorious vanquished of the Commune '. you whom the bullets of the Versailles butchers ravished from us— you who suffer far from us in irons and under a deadly climate, we all swear: Yoir shall be avenged!' The speaker was a stonemason, a member of the Paris ' Inter national.' Another of the speakers declared that the Republicans were 'tartuffes' (hypocrites), and the wcrst preyers upon the people ; and added that, when the day of vengeance arrivedftbey ' must all be sent to Satory to, join their victims of 1871.' ? The celebrated Old Catholic, M. Loyson (formerly known as Father Hyacinth, whose secession from Borne and marriage with a* wealthy American lady has won for Tiim bo hearty a hatred from the clerical party), has just returned to this city for a short stay, to attend to business requiring his presence here. His wife and family are residing with him in Geneva, where the ex-Father has a church in connection with the Old Catholics headed by Dr. Dollinger. DEVASTATION BY FLOODS. The Seine continues to descend, but slowly, and still presents a breadth and depth of current far more pic turesque, but far less satisfactory, than its usual propor tions. Some of its quays are dry ; others are still under water. An immense number of corpses have been taken out of the river; others have been found wedged in amongst the numerous debris of all kinds that have been swept along,, by the flood, and lodged in corners and cavities under the water. The flotilla of funny li'tie steamers that take passengers from the east end of Paris to St. Cloud for a few boub, calling at half-a-dozen landing places on their way through the town to take up pas sengers, and proving formidable rivals to the omnibuses, after having oeen laid up in idleness for over a fortnight, have again appeared on the river, it being now possible for them to pass under the bridges. The devastations caused j by these floods can hardly be imagined in countries not i subject to sudden swellings of their rivers. Here, in I Paris, the houses that are either down, or required to be pulled down, as injured beyond the possibility of repairing, are counted by hundreds. In the open country, where the soil has been carried away, the injury is vastly greater. Whole villages have been washed out of existence; crops carried off ; bridges, roads, and railways seriously damaged. In and about Paris, the houses flooded by the Seine are estimated as follows :— Choisy, 4 ; Joinville, 110; Alfort, 1164; Charenton, 42 ; Ivry, 422; Issy, 23; AsinereB, 42; Vitry,96; Boulogne, 160; Clichy, 8 factories*; and nearly all of the suburbs of Bercy, Billanconrt, and St. Denis. When it is remembered how many tenants usually occupy a French house, some idea may be formed of the mass of human beings that have been driven from their homes by the inundations in PariB alone. And the buildings, which have resisted a fortnight's immersion are 60 thoroughly soaked that they will be uninhabitable for months. Many of the French rivers are even more dangerous than the Seine, which is comparatively slow in its movements. The Loire has been known to rise 29 feet above its ordinary level; the Lot, 40 feet; the Arc, 72! Andall these, like the Garonne, rise so rapidly that their ascensional move ment is often visible to the eye, the water rising several feet in an hour. ADVENT OF SPRING. Four days ago, the welcome cry of the swallows was heard here. We are, therefore, hoping, in spite of violent squalls of hail, rain, sleet, with ad libitum thunder accom paniment, that we are on the eve of the dry and sunny weather so ardently desired by the people of ibis region. The buds are swelling fast; the young rival of the old chestnut tree, so dear to the Parisians under the name of ' The Twenty-fourth of March,' is out in fine leaf, with blossom-buds three inches long. This new candidate for the honours hitherto worn by ' the oldest inhabitant ' of the Tuileries Garden, is in the avenue of the Champs Elysees, a short distance from the Place de la Concorde, and has been attracting admiring crowds. MDLLE. CASTELLAN S VIOLIN PLAYING. This month being sacred to concerts, every evening has been favoured with two or three of these gatherings. One of the artiste most admired this year is Mdlle. Castellan, whose admirable violin playing places her in the first ranks of the performers on ' the queen of instruments.' Her concert at the Erard Booms, on Sunday evening last, was a brilliant success; the rooms were filled with a fashionable and enthusiastic auditory, and her execution left nothing to be desired. No male player has ever succeeded in extracting such sweetness, delicacy, and pathos of tone from this wonderful instrument ; while her execution is so xapid and brilliant ae to enable her to perform the most difficult compositions. 'Among the pieces performed by her were a fantasia on the Juive, an andante by Magnin, and a bolero by Vieuxtemps. The programme) contained some excellent vocal music by Mdlle. Bilange and : M. Furst ; Braga's Serenade, sung by the former, accom panied by Mile. Castellan, being particularly admired, the ? soft melody of tbe air, blending with the pathetic pianissimo of the violin, producing the most entrancing effect and exciting the enthusiasm of the hearers to as unusual degree. It 6eems certain that the lovely effect of the notes of the violin, in conjunction with the human voice, which was brought out so strikingly by that excellent performance, ? wiH lead to the more frequent substitution of the violin for the piano in vocal performances. The violin is so much, more human in its tones than any other instrument, that the only wonder is that it should not hitherto have been employed for this purpose. SIZZSZ ARRIVAL OF QUEEN VICTORIA. Queen Victoria crossed the Channel from Portsmouth, four days ago, with a rough sea and frequent squalls of winot and rain ; reaching Cherbourg at 3 p.m. The royal yacht, the Victoria and Albert, escorted by the Enchantress and two small steamers, came to anchor between the entrance of the military fort and the corvette Laplace, with a squadron of French ironclads — the Snffren, Valeureuse, and Sur veilknte-to her left By the Queen's exprens desire, no honours are paid to her, her presence being strictly incog nita ; and no one was allowed to enter the arsenal. Her Ma jesty, who is as much at home on the sea as on shore, dined onboard her yacht while the railway- carriages, just made for her in Brussels, were being got ready for her reception. These carriages— intended for the use of the English Boyai Family whenever they travel on the Continent, form a complete travelling-palace, the perfection of neatness elegance, luxury, and convenience. The ceilings of these rooms on wheels are covered with pale gray cloth; the sides are covered with blue damask silk. There are two or three 'drawing-rooms,' a dining-room, bedrooms, dressing-rooms, kitchen, and larder; the whole fitted up most skilfully and charmingly, and so admirably built that there is no noise whatever, and almost no per ceptible motion. On looking from, the windows of the train, those who travel in it seem to themselves to be skim ming through the air, by some mysterious agency as unlike an ordinary railway-train as can well be imagined. The luggage of the Rojal party was considerable enough to excite the interest of on-lookere at a distance ; but every*. thing was managed with so much order, thanks to a com pany of marines who lined both sides of the Quay, that her Majesty landed in perfect comfort, in the Napoleon Basin. Admiral Clove, the Meritime Prefect, and Admiral v Lafont, with their aides-de-camp, were awaiting the Queen's arrival at the bottom of the stairs, which she ascended on tbe arm of Admiral Clone, while his second in command had the honour of giving his arm to Princess Beatrice. Then came one of the Queen's many little grandsons, two ladies of honour, and the rest of the suite. The Queen wore a black dress trimmed with fur; the Princess, a travelling costume of dark brown merino, and silk of the same shade. Her Royal Highness is now 19 years of age ; and it is supposed that the present visit to Germany is not unconnected with matrimonial projects for the settling in life of the Queen's youngest daughter. The weather cleared up as the Royal yacht came into port ; and her Majesty's departure, at five minutes past 6, was lighted up with brilliant sunshine. A moBt careful inspection of the line to the Belgian frontier had been made by the head engineers of the West and of the East ; and the journey to Paris— which her Majesty merely skirted, without entering — was performed under the superintendence of one of the highest officers of the Railway Company ; an official of the same rank and skill acting as its conductor from Paris to the Belgian frontier. The voyage was accomplished quickly and successfully, her Majesty reaching the Villa - Hohenlohe, at Baden-Baden, half -an-hour after the arrival of Lord and Lady Derby. NATURALIZATION TS A1GERIA. Notwithstanding the dark clonds now hovering over the political horizon of this country, 666 foreigners were naturalized in Algeria last year. Of these, there were 142 - m Italians, 111 Spaniards, 100 Germans, 115 native Algerians, I 26 Swiss, 17 Belgians, 14 English, 13 Tunisians, 13 Moors, I 2 Hungarians, 2 Hanoverians (O shades of the Georges, I what would you have thought of such a derogation to I birthright f), I Turk, 1 Irishman, 4 Russians, 3 Egyptians, I and 2 Austrians. I THE BUDGET. ? The heavy French budget, which has already added so I much to the cost of living in la belle France, is con- ? stantly necessitating the imposition of new bur- I dens on the population ; new taxes being invented, I and old ones increased, the latest of these I novelties being the new addition just made to the furniture I tax. The French budget is now estimated as follows : — I From landed property, 172 millions of francs ; tax on, I furniture, 58 millions; en doors and windows, 40 1 millions; patents, 115 millions; registration dues, 4ao I proSrty, 35 millions ; fin*s, 8 millions ; car nage. b«» 10 millions ; on billiards, 1 million ; on clubs, 1* million. DI8PHOPOKTIONATE SALARIES. The salaries of senators and deputies absorb a large portion of the revenue. The bard-worked letter-carriere are only paid a stipend so small that they are unable to pro vide for a family, and the Government has practically abolished the little additional profit which they were formerly allowed to make on the sale of postage stamps. I The system of paying l«rg* salaries to those who do little or nothing to earn a living, and of scraping the cheese parings of the hardest workers, is receiving fuller develop mentrn this country every day. UNEXAMPLED WEALTH. The presentation in this city of two remarkable bills o* exchange have set people to calculating the supposed wealth of some of the Princes of France. These bills are for 360,000 francs each, and are draan by the Astor estate on Hottinguer and Co., of Paris, and endorsed by John Jacob Astor and the National Bank of Commerce. These bills, bought of August Belmont and Co., will probably go to the Rothschilds of Paris for endorsement, and will then be accepted by Messrs. Hottinguer. The combined wealth represented by the names that will thus be written on these two bills is believed to be without a precedent The aggre gate wealth of the Rothschilds is set down by an eminent French authority at three milliards two hundred millions of dollars, the Astors at 250 millions, the Bank of Commerce at 10 tniiiinna, August Belmont is believed to be worth 10 millions, and Hottinguer 25 millions, making a combined -wealth of three thousand four hundred and ninety-Jive millions of dollars ! THE KINKING MANIA. The speculation mania among those who are impatient to procure for themselves a little of the 'root' of which the financiers just named have acquired so large a provision has seized 3ost now on that other mania of the hour, rinks and linking. With the aid of the new method of making ice, rinks are to be established everywhere, and are expected to pay large dividends. Among the other establishments of the kind now projected for this city, the well-known Ballier Garden, near Luxembourg, the Closerie des Lilacs, immortalised by Beranger, has tak-n the lead in rapid ; transformation, and has convey ted itself into a rink, which is to be opened to the patronage of the public to-morrew. It is perhaps well, for the peace of mind of the old songster, and of the ever-green Dejazet who kept his Lisetteeo freshly alive in the memories and sympathies of Paris until so short a time ago, that they should have been spared the knowledge of a transformation which would have appeared to them as a cruel desecration, hardly to be com pensated by the fact that the most enterprising of the Paris nouses for the sale of ready-made habiliments for masters, servants, and boys of all ranks and ages, has just filled its interminable row of windows with great wax figures, representing the. principal characters of Beranger's songs, and the various theatrical parts in which those two shining lights of the Paris stage — Dejazet and Frederic Lemaitre — won their greenest and most enduring laurels. A curious exhibition that will doubtless increase the popularity of its owners, especially as the whole is illuminated every night with hundreds of gas-lights and white globes that light up the whole neighbourhood. SALE OF CURIOSITIES. Several of the sales of curious objects which attract crowds of collectors, amateur and professional, from every part of the world, have take place recently in this city; snuff-boxes, fans', old watchep, old violins (among other*, the famous one in old Dresden China, unique in this planet), old books, illuminated parchments, &c.;,have been changing hands with great spirit. A relic of the past, with an odd history, has also just changed owners at auction in Dresden, viz., the famous violin which Count Frautmanns dorf, Grand Equerry to the Emperor Charles VI., bought from the celebrated maker, Stainer, en such singular condi tions. The Count paid to Stainer, as the price of this instrument, 66 golden caroluses, and also engaged to supply him as long as he lived, with a good dinner every day, 100 florins in specie every month, a new suit of clothes with »»d froge every year, as well as two casks of beer, lodging, ™ing, and lighting ; and he farther engaged to give him, if he should marry, as many hares as he should want, with . two baskets of fruit each year, and as many more for his j old nurse. As Stainer lived sixteen years after the con- j elusion of this whimsical bargain, the violin most have cost j the Count fully 20,000 floi inf. This historical instrument, | which was last in possession of an Austrian nobleman, has now been sold to a Russian gentleman for 2500 thalers, about £400. SCHOOL FOE THE DEAF AND DUMB. Allusion has frequently been made in theee letters to the wonderful resulte arrived at in the School for the Deaf and Dumb, in this city, the pupils being trained to understand ordinary speech by watching the motion of the lips of those | who speak to them, and to reply, by the use of their own voices, to read aloud, deliver addresses, play on instruments, and even to sing alone, or with others. M. Magnat, tke headof this astonisting school, has just addressed, to the Academy of Sciences, an account of the plan by which he achieves results that excite the amazement and admiration of all who witness them. Hb states that his system is the same as that employed in the 18th century by Joseph Rodriques Pereire (an ancestor of the eminent French financiers of that name), on which the naturalist Buffon wrote a report, and which . was adopted in every country excepting France; the plan of the Abbe Sicard being ad hered to in this country. Buffon's report, a curious paper, speaks of a youth whose education, most successfully begun by Pereire, was interrupted for nine months by the illness of his teacher, and who, nevertheless, after only sixteen months of training, could answer very well, both by speaking and by writing, the questions addressed to him ; and who, to the surprise of all about him, would correct any mistakes of orthography or of gram mar made by others. Buffon says, also, that Pereire ustd a finger- alphabet of preit simplicity, not to be mistaken fcr the usual one, and by which words and figures were ex pressed with great ease and rapidity. He adds that Pereire had it in view to teach the deaf and dumb to undent tnd what was said by the mere usual movements of the speaker's lips and face. M. Magnat states that on examining Pereire's writings, he was surprised to find the similarity existing between Pereire's system and his own ; the aim of both j being to bring the vocal organs into play by first exercis'n? j the lungs, which gives voice, though not articulation ; the I hitter being imparted by persistent drilling of the tongue, j teeth, and lips, in every possible way. This course of instruction can only be commenced when the pupil has already acquired the use of the finger-alphabet, with the aid of which the teacher explains to nim the end in view, in each new exercise. FAMILY AFFAIRS. Several marriages in high life are exciting the curiosity of Paris. Prince Radzivill has just married the daughter of the wealthy banker, Francois Blanc ; the grandees of the Russian colony here, and half the fashionables of Paris, being present at the wedding, which was magnificent. The daughter of the Count de Gontaut-Biron, French ambas sador at Berlin, has raised a storm of anger by marrying the Count de Talleyrand-Peiigord, of one of the oldest families of France, but who has made him self a German by naturalization, took an active part against his native land in the late war, and is now an officer in the 2nd Regiment of Lancers of the Prussian Guards. The Ambassador is said to be greatly distressed by the event ; he repeatedly refused to give his consent to a marriage so distasteful to French feeling ; but his daughter, being over legal age, addressed to him the three 'refpsctfol demands ' required by French liw in such capes, and thus acquired tbe legal right to marry without the otherwise indispensable i aternai assent. Prince Tomass^, of Genoa, nephew to Victor Emmanuel, is betrothed to Princess Maria-Christina, daughter of the Austrian Archduke Ferdinand, and, through her mother, a descendant of the house of Este. The eldest son of Prince von Bismarck has demanded the hand of one of the wealthiest heiresses of Europe, only daughter of Prince Hatzfeldt- Wildemberg, heiress of the vast properties of the Dietrichstein family in Austria. Some difficulty is raised by the family of the lady, who is a Catholic Should the ton of 'the Great Chancellor' be refused, he might address himself to some of the numerous marriage-agencies that would seem, judg ing from the persistence and extent of their advertising, to be doing a flourishing business. For the amusement of distant readers I copy the following from the prospectus of one of these agencies in this city : — ' Discreet Reper tory, founded in I860, by Madame ? , ? street, Paris : 1 widow, 45 years, dowry of 250,000 francs ; 1 ditto, 36 years, 100,000 francs; 1 ditto, 43 years, 50,000 francs ; 1 ditto, 40 years, 80,000 francs; 2 unmarried ladies, 19 , and 23 years, 100,600 francs each : 2 ditto. 19 and 21 years, 50,000 francs each ; 2 ditto, 20 and 25 years, 25,000 francs each ; 2 orphans, 20 and 24 years, 30,000 francs each.' What could bachelors want more F THE HOUSE SHOW. The Horse Show is attracting crowds, as usual ; and the pictures will have their turn as soon as the horses are got rid of. The 'specimens of ' man's noblest conquest ' now competing for praise and prizes number 397 ; prizes to the amount of about £3262 will be distributed ; and the show is to wind-up on Tuesday with a 'grand military carrousel,' the entrance to which will cost 5 francs, and which will do a good deal towards defraying the outlay incurred for the show. Marshal de Mac Mahon manifests much interest in the gathering, and remained in the building a day or two oince, through the whole of the time devoted to the trial of saddle-horses and ponies. The French Hippie Society has seats reserved for its members, who have taken on themselves all the labour and cost of getticg up the show. Boxes have also been prepared for ordinarv spectators between the columns which surround the nave, ab.-ut ten feet from the ground, preceded by a balcony overlooking the open space below. These new * constructions are of iron, artistic in make, and improve the general effect of the interior of the well-known enclosure. Vast 'amphi- theatres have been erected at either end of the central space, computing the 7000 places set apart for the general public, independently of the galleries. The cost of the fittings cannot have been less than 40,000 francs, which, together with the large amount put into the prizes, is defrayed entirely by the spirited Hippie Society, which has never asked the State for any assistance. A NEW OPERA. The great event of the past week has been the perform ance of Merinet'B opera of ?? Jeanne d'Arc,' the interest felt in the affair being due, in part, to the fact that it is the first original work that has been brought out at the new Opera, and, in part, to the great length of time that the work has been vainly trying to get itself performed, and the numerous adventures that have befallen it in the mean time. The first opera of the author of ' Jeanne d' Arc,' ' Roland at Ropcevaux,' had also been lying for years in his desk waiting for the conjunction of circumstances that should bring it before the public, and its success was very great. That of Jeanne d' Arc appears destined to be no less so. M. Mermet always writes for himself the libretto of his operas, and having determined to compose an opera on 'The Glorious Maid of France,' was much bothered by the difficulty resulting from the fact that the history of the ' pucelle' necessarily consists of two parts which it would be extremely difficult to bring into one upen the stae-e. Jeanne, the victorious leader, and Jeanne the martyred heroine of Rouen, would each suffice for an opera, but te bring them both into the artistic unity of such a work is so difficult that all those who have attempted it have given up the attempt in despair. M. Mermet has turned the difficulty by cutting short his opera with the crowning of Charles VII. in the Cathedral of Reims, a sort of vision, suddenly Been in the depths of the cathedral showing the scene of the stake in a chiaro oscuro that suggests rather than displays the tragical end of the immortal heroine. The misadven tures that have delayed the performance of this wcrk would have driven a less persevering composer to despair. The score of the opera came within an inch of being de .stroyed in the fire which reduced the whole opera-house to rains. An intimate friend of the composer happening to pass the building with another friend, just as the flames had begun to appear above thereof of the build ing, and knowing that the score was in the manager's sanc tum, rushed into the theatre and rescue 1 the manuscript, which formed so heavy a load that the two could but just stagger along under it. The whole score was thus saved, with the exception of one of the sengp, dropped by the two friends on their hurried way from the scene of destruction. And, strange to say, this song was subsequently deposited, at the composer's house, by some unknown partv who picked it up in the sheet. On another occasion, Mermet left an important portion of the score in a cab of which he had not taken the number ; and this, also, was returned to him by an unknown hand. But it would take too much space to recount all the adventures the work has gone through, for its author, a young man when he composed it, has become an old one before seeing it on the stage. Great curiosity was felt for the first performance ; espe cially as rumour declared the soenery and accessories to be among the most splendid ever seen on any stage. And so it has proved to be. The first act is at Domremy, the heroine's village, where Gaston de Metz (Salomon), and Jeanne D'Arc (Mme. Krauss) are seen ; a charming, peaceful village scene, with its trees, its little church hung with clematis and Virginian ! creeper, and its pretty fountain flowing at the foot i of ''the Fairies' tree.' The next great scene shows : us the famous gardens of Chine n, with the beauti- i ful banks of the Loire, bordered by elegant villages, j perspective of the valley, with the windings of the Loire and the Vienne amidst vine-covered hills, gilded by the sun. The old castle, with its terrace, its towers and ; donjon, occupies one corner of the stage. The third scene is the French camp at Blois, by night; dark, wild, and : gloomy, Jeanne's tent, at the foot of a tree, faintly lighted by a lamp within. Heavy clouds, lit up here and there 'by bright effects of moonlight. The walls of the town dimlv seen in the distance, a truly magnificent piece of painting, of which Diaz himself ini^ht be proud. The ; fourth (and fineEt) scene is tbe same camp at dawn. The limpid Loire, transparent, reflect* the sunlit hills along its banks; the perspective has all the depth of nature, you seem to have the real landscape before you. The banks of the river are covered with flowers and greenery, and the towere of Blois. lighted by the rising sun, are seen emerging from the soft hare of early morning. The fifth scene represents the walls of Orleans, broken, and giving i glimpses of the houses within ravaged by fire and catapults. The fort of the Tournelles, and the steeples of the churches ; this scene, like the last, represents tbe first dawn of morn ing. The sixth, and last scene, is the Cathedral of Reims, seen through a slight mist; through the open doors the eye plunges into the gloomy recesses of the pile, in which we gradually distinguish the stains of the coloured glass of the windows, the lights of tapers, and the other charac teristic adjuncts of the Roman ceremonial. The hist shift ing of the details of this scene shows us the splendid scene of the coronation, and in the farthest part, the suggestion of Jeanne's martyrdom in the 60it of vision. The King, the heroine, Agnes Sorel, Richard (a traitor), soldiers of the French and English camps, gipsies, cour tiers, &c;, figure in the work, and the dresses are exceed ingly magnificent. There is little to be said of the libretto, for the plot is made up of legendary events and lyrical fragments, and is not at all like a regulatly-built theatrical piece. The music is pLasing, resr ectable, clear, but lacks the inspiration of genius. The whole affair, which will un doubtedly have a run, is agreeable to see, but fails to excite enthusiasm. The performers acted admirably: Faure, as Gaston de Metz, sang in his usual perfect style; la Erauss, as the Maid, is splendid ; Mile. Daram, as the fair Agnes, looked and acted like the beautiful creature and excellent actress that she is. The scenery is so splendid, and the acting eo fine, that the piece will no doubt prove a success : although, judged simply as a work of art, neither the plot nor the music can be placed in the first lankof operatic worth. The arms and armour alone is ' a sight for sair een,' imitating cinque-cento work with wonderful fidelity; the swords in gold and steel are exactly the swords of that - day ; the coats of mail, wrought to perfection, adapt them selves to the body with the utmost precision, leaving the movement entirely free. The ornaments for the corona ation merit detailed description; the sceptre of Charle magne, the sword of that warrior king; the Hand of Justice, the Imperial Crown, and the Sainte Ampoule (vial of holy oil), are works of the highest artistio merit Charlemagne's sword has a scabbard of blue velvet, covered with precious stones mixed with Jleurs-de- lys. The Sainte Ampoule is an exact reproduction of the historical relic which was burned in 1793 in the Cathedral of Reims; a marvellous gem, on which is carved a golden dove, with beak and feet of coral. Two charming new dancers have made their debuts in the new opera, MdOes. Fonra and Colombier. That the story of Jeanne D'Arc is unsuitable for the stage must be apparent to all who remember how largely her story is pervaded by the subtle element of super naturalism, which it is impossible to represent, in her case, upon the stage. The Ghost in ' Hamlet ' is a visible and audible part of the play ; but it would be impossible to ren der the visions, and the visionary bearing, of the Maid of Orleans visible and audible upon the stage. More than forty operas exist based on her tragic history; not one of them has achieved lasting fame. That of Verdi, that of Carafim (played here at the Opera Comique in 1832); that of Duprez, played at the Theatre Parisian in 1867 : that of Gounod, given at the Gaite Theatre two years ago, ^-— ? J-* — -- I have all' been forgotten. The fate of JI. Mermet'swork wilTprobably; in the long run, be not 'very dissimilar to tHat of its preaecessorg ' A SEW EXTRAVAGANZA. A petty extravaganza, entitled 'The King Sleeps,' is drawing foil homes to the Varieties Theatre, the scenery being charming, the acting excellent, and the piece fall of fan. A certain king cannot sleep, and a number of pretty women, f mtisticaily attired as Dreams are supposed to introduce u$ to the Kingdom of Dream*. The prettiest of these is Zilda, whose mission in life is to attend on lovers forgetful of the cares of life ; but she one day remains too ' long, and, being reprimanded by her master, the Lord of Dreamland, she elaps him in the face. For this offence she is banished to the earth, and can only return to Dreamland ?when she shall have mtrried Prince Alzeador, the mortal who cannot sleep, and shall have received from him a blow as bard as tbe one she has inflicted on the Lord of Dream* land. To many a mortal will not be difficult for her, bnt she cannot hope to return to Dreamland— for who could ever have the heart to strike so exquisite a creature P Zilda is next seen as a peasant-girl, and in search of Prince Alzeador, whom she at length discovers, but in s singular state. For fortv-five . dayu he has not slept a minute; he has accidentally, but most un fortunately swallowed an enchanted bird, that has hatched a brood of young ones in his stomach, and their continual warbling prevents him from doting his eyed, fie takes advantage of this sleeplessness to transact State business day and night, without intermission, and his Ministers are all wom out for want of sleep. Another inconvenience of the king's situation is that the birds will only eat pap, and that in, order to feed them, ha is obliged to restrain himself to that rather insipid diet. The first physicians of the conntry have been consulted, but as they were unable to suggest any remedy, he has had them all hanged; others called in have prescribed exercise and labour to cause fatigue, and thus produce sleep: and Alze ador is accordingly found walking about carrying a heavy table on his head, or turning the shaft of a mill, in com pany with a donkey. In that position he receives the Princess Rhomboide, to whom ho is betrothed, daughter of King Flic Flac, Zildathus finds herself in the presence of a rival ; but she sends Alzeador to sleep, and gives him bright and happy dream?, in which he sees her and falls in love with her ; 'and he wakes up with the full determina tion to many her and nobrdy else. The wedding takes place with great pomp, but Zilda cannot yet return to the Para dise of Dreamland, for ehe must first receive the expiatory clap imposed on her by her vnflexible master. But she has become enamoured of Aheadoi^ and prefers to remain with him on the earth rather than return, without him, to the celestial regions from which she has been exiled. TAS8ION WEEK. The solemnities of Passion Week, enlivened and softened by exquisite music, and by glorious weather, the fresh greenery of the trees, and the lovely hues of ubiquitous lowers, have passed over as they usually do in this capital. The traditional waabiog of beggars' feet, the imitation of darkness, the splendid performance of Stabats, and the diligent eating of delicious fish-dinners have, as usual, gone hand in hand ; and (he good folk who have been doing the penitential for several days with so much vigour, and who flocked to the churches in masses on Sunday to obtain the sprays of box, sprinkled with holy water, to hang up in their houses for the rest of the year, according to Catholic usage on Palm Sunday, will now go into the rejoicings of Easter with the same determination to make the most of them. The display of eggs in sugar, satin, papier mache, and simple cardboard,: with contents as various in charm and cost as the etremie* which welcome in the new year, has been as general as ever, with an observable tendency towards increased elegance and costli ness of contents. The Senate and Chamber have adjourned for their Easter holidays, and their respective members will - be diligently preparing for a resumption of hostilities a fortnight hence. TWEVTY-EIGHT NEW JOCHVAL8. Martial law having ceased with the advent of the present delightful sunny and flowery month, twenty-eight new ?journals, principally of the reddest shade of political colour, nave put forth the prwpectufes which prepare the public for their approaching appearance ; without counting that of another jt urnal, printed in Arabic, which has already come out here, and is intended to giv* information to the Arabs of Algeria and the other countries bordering on the Medi terranean. This Arabic phenomenon is entitled Sada (anglice, Echo) ; curiously enough, its founder, proprietor, and chief editor, is a M. Pharaoh. CUUIOCS STATISTICS. Some one given t) statistics has just been making a cal culation of the cost of each sittJigof the Chamber of Depu ties, and has arrived at the following results : — Counting the pay, of which the Deputies are so jealous, the cost of stationery, of the servants, &c;, each sitting costs the country 25,000 francs ; and, as on an average, the Deputies give utterance to six speeches each day, these, 'reckoned one with another,' cost 2000 francs a piece; which leaves a margin of 12,000 francs, which may be divided thus : Vague sounds, in the lump, 850 francs ; hudehcere, singly, from 75 to 80 francs, in the lump, 800 francs ; marks of assent on several benches, 18 francs each bench; exclamations of 'Very good!' (the French equiva lent of 'Hear, hear, and tbe Oh! oh!' of contempt or derision, are worth about 75. centimes (three pence halfpenny) a-piece | ' Laughter' is expensive, and counts for SOO francs, but it is seldom indulged in; were it more common, it would be ruinously dear. 'Movement,' whether lively or merely profound, is not more costly than 'laughter.' * 'Interruptions' cost nothing; they occur perpetually, and are mere matters of parliamentary habit, which are thrown in as a make-weight ' Noise, agitation, tumult,' coBt nothing, for, when they occur, they take the place of one or two of the half-dozen speeches ihat would have had to be paid for, anyhow, and are consequently covered by the outlay for speeches; but when the 'tumult becomes 'indescribable,' it takes the place of all the other items, and absorbs the entire amount of the 25,000 francs of daily outlay. GIVIXO AN EXACT ACCOCXT. The haste with which the Republicans ' making hay while the sun shines' are turning out prefects, sub-prefects, and mayors, and putting their own men into the places thus vacated, has given rise to various pleasantries. A new waltz is advertised under the title of JPrefet santc aux champigtwtfs, a double allusion to the tossings being under gone by those high pommages and the mushroom like rapidity with which they, tumbled into the governmental saucepan, only 'to be tumbled out again ; and . a pendant to this first waltz is just announced under the title of 'Mayors auvin rouge' (mayors stewed in red wine), for the benefit of those who enjoy the current jokes of the street and .the Boulevard. One of the prefects, who has just been subjected to the *' tossing with mushrooms ' ' process, is siid to have brought his ill fate on himself by the odd way in which he mani fested his impatience under the frequent demands for statistics of mattera and things in the department adminis tered by him, which weic made upon him by the zealous rulers at the French home office. Some sis months ago one of these hnngerers for statistics sent out a demand to all the prefectures of France for an exact account of the eggs sold in each, during the preceding year. The account was collected in each prefecture, and sent to the Minister, who found,, to his .surprise, that the prefect in question had sent in a total account for his arrondisscment, of 113,7iS eggs and a-half ! Great was the surprise of the statisticians of the Home Office, by whom ' an inquiry' was immediately instituted as to the meaning of this mysterious half-egg. The sub- prefect, interrogated as to the method of counting -which had led to so strange a total, replied, ' Tbe thing is perfectly simple,. I counted up all the eggs that had been laid in my arroudissement, but one of them had been laid on the edge of cay arrondiautmnt. The thick end of the egg was on my arromlistement, but the small end was on the arrondissemmt of the sub-prefect of the adjoining one. If the latter had made up his accounts as exactly as I did mine, both halves if the egg would have been entered, and you would have had an even total, and no half-egg would nave been»ppirent' The statisticians of -the Home Office havingiifflS' weighed Ibis replr, came to the conclusion ihat thVi® 'prefect *n «u?stion must either be 'decorated' for exceeding ieal or dismissed. The latter branch of the alternative' was ibe one decided on, for it was urged cither he is anjjdict to have made such an entry of half an egg, crlieis#ttkzin£ his guprriors, and in either case he must be capVent^lj whicajias juet been done. - . A LAEGE AKT SALE. The Gale of the Schneider Gallery has tesn. very success- * , — ; ? — ? : — '? — ' — ' ? ' ' ? ' f oj, many of the pictures realising very large snnuu Two el the finest— a Rubens and. a Teniers— were bought by Lord Dudley at £5500 and £4800. Many others fetched prices almost ashigh. Thesale occupied two days, and has produced about £60,000, and will help to dazzle the imagination of the crowd of emearers of canvas who would be so much more usefully and successfully employed as artisans than as ' artists.' Several other important collections are about to be dispersed by the auctioneers of this city, s) that the world of amateurs will have plenty of opportunities of enjoying itself in its favourite avocation. The most important of these are the Sen's Gallery, which is being sent from Amsterdam to be sold off in this city ; and the gallery of the Chevalier de Miller, unique in Europe, and forming a collection that ought to be purchased by some great^ national oictore gallery. This splend'd collection contains among its treasures twenty magnificent works by Pettenkofen; ten by Tiepoli, representing subjects from Roman History, and formerly in the Santa-Pantaleone Palace, at Venice ; twenty exquisite water-colour drawings by Rudolf Alt; 6 Trogons, all superb; a splendid master piece by Couture ; and a chef d'ai'vrc of Isabey. A BRILLIANT DISPLAY. The Renaissance theatre having had a brilliant success with the last operetta of M. Lecocq, 'The little Bride,' the manager has given a grand rapper, to celebrate the 100th performance of the favourite work which is being played to crowded houses all over Europe. The authors, composer, and performers of 'The little Bri3e,' with the leading pewrpape r-critics of the theatrical department, and a few friends or the manager, were the only persons invited to this 'family-gathering.' The public had no sooner quitted the theatre, than aa army of servants, upholsterers, &c.;, took possession of the stage, which was transformed, as by enchantment, into a vast and splendid dining-room, full of flowers, lights, and elegant accompaniments of all kinds. On the supper-table, — livid for a hundred guests, :iad luxuriously supplied with the finest delicacies from Brcbant's world-renowned establishment— a pair of mag nificent vases were placed before the chair of the manager, a gift from the authors and composer of the operetta, the table itself beine; brilliantly lighted, and beautifully set out At one o'clock, everything being ready, the guests made their appearance, tbe personnel of the theatre, of both sexes, wearing the splendid costumes of the piece, royalties, lords, and ladies, charming pages, &c.; At half-past two, when the gaiety of the party had reached a satisfactory height, the manager announced that there would be no toasts, but, as a substitute, fireworks. As he spoke, the lights were suddenly extinguished, and the patty found itself plunged in utter darkness. But, almost before the general astonishment had found time to vent itself in words, the curtain ross, the theatre' was at once illuminated by a vast number of suns, rockets, Roman candles, &c;, and a Urge artistic pyrotechnic piece, in the centre, of which appeared, in letters of fire, the word Lecocq. The shouts, laughter, and enthusiasm excited by the unexpected display, were ' equal to the situation ;' the noise of the fireworks causing immense amazement in the neighbourhood of the theatre, but no one having the slightest idea that the rocket, which sounded as though Paris were again being bombarded, could be caused by so insane a piece of folly as the letting off of fireworks in the interior of the building. While this interlude was progres- , sing the servants carried off the remains of the feast, the table, and the carpets, and metamorphosed the stage into a ballroom, where, to the joyous strains 'of a piano, a clarionette, two drums, and a bass viol, the motley company danced with unflagging1 spirit, despite the smoke and smell of the gunpowder until 5 o'clock in the morning. - LITERARY STATISTICS. '. The annual production of plays in this city, numerous as it is, has its pendant in the mental activity of' its other ?classes of writers. The total number of books, pamphlets, pieces of music, engravings, designs, &c;, issued from the French press during last year was 21.0C6. Of these 14,195 were books (new or fresh editions) and pamphlets, being an increase of 2278 over those brought out in 1874. Of muBic, 4195 sheets, books, or parts were printed, being 301 more than in 1874. In the department of prints, including maps and photographs, 2666 were issued, exceeding by 470 the number of the year before. ENCOtTllAGEMENT OF READING. _ , The public reading-room of the National Library was used last year by 51,000 persons. There is another reading room, large and splendid, to which access is only obtainable by a card, the number of readers being about 35,000. Great efforts are being made here to encourage reading, to which the French, as a nation, are much less addicted than the English and Germans. The Mairees of three of the arrondissements of Paris have recently founded popular libraries, and their example will, doubtless, be followed by others. Societies have also been formed for founding free libraries in all the towns of France and in all its garrisons. And in connection with the subject of reading, it may be mentioned that an enter- s prising carriage-builder of this city, has begun to turn out ' carriages with a large pane of ground glass let into the top, so that those who ' ride ' in them may ' read,' an invtn- ' tion thai has already been adopted by some of the profes sional men here, who, being obliged to spend much of their day in driving about between their patients and clients, are glad to be able to read as they go. The vehicles thus fitted up are very light inside, and have a blind to shut out the light at pleasure. CAUSE OF THE AFROEA BOKEALIS. An interesting paper has just been read in the Academy of Sciences, from M. Plante, describing experiments made by bin with a view to prove that the aurora borealis is caused by electricity. To this end he takes vessels, half filled with salt water, into which he introduces the electrodes of a powerful battery ; the positive one dipping deep into the water, and the negative one eitherabove it, or skimming the surface, or dipping an inch or two into it. In the first cos? we see its extremity is surrounded with luminous par tides forming a sort of garland;' ir the'1' second, the water is depressed all round like a hollow hemis phere, darting luminous rayB all round ; in the third case, the depression is still deeper, but jagged and irregular, or waving like a piece of cloth, flapping in the wind, the phenomenon of fiery rags existing a)l round. M. Plante states that, owing to the salt water,, the dominant colours of the rags are yellow, purple, and violet, similar to those of the aurora borealis (which, however, is more often rose-coloured or deep crimspn in nature). In the two latter casss, where depressions are made in the water, the hitter is constantly tending to fill up the empty space; thus new radiations are produced, closely imitating the darting of rays so characteristic of auroras. The obscure circle or segment caused in the latter by the haze or nebulous veil that the electric stream^ucounters in nature is represented in these experiments by fhe watery circle which surrounds the electrode, and around which the voltaic current ex pands. The water is violently agitated by the electrio blast ; whirlpools and luminous rings are formed by the shocks of electrified waves against each other, and, if wo operate with but a Email quantity of water, a luminous ebullition is finally generated, answering to tbe fluctuation of light that is also a characteristic of polar-auroras. LUXAB. INFLUENCE. The violent plunge which we have just made into a new winter (saying but little for tbe perspicacity of the swallows, of whom, however, only a very few showtd themselves, and for a day or two only) is supposed to ba due to the disastrous influence of la lime routse (the red moon), so called because its night frosts rcdien the buds of trees, and which is considered here as the most mischievous month of tbe year in an agricultural sense. The popular belief in the influence of our pale satellite, usually scouted by the learned world, has found a defender in the well known writer on scientific subjects, M. de Parville, who says that when the air is charged with water in the shape of clouds, a small increase of temperature suffices to re transform the clouds into, vapour. Tho moon transmits to us a certain portion of the sun's rays ; moct of the heat received by the mcoa from the sun is absorbed by the clouds ; but we get, say learned astronomers, from each ray of moonlight, about as much warmth as we should get from the flame of a candle at a distance of S3 feet. Small as is this amount, M.de Par ville artues that it would suffice to dissipate the clouds that float in the atmosphere at altitudes of from 5000 to GOOO meters. Our atmosphere, besides, ie in a state of compression at the time of the full moon of April; and this, also, tends to cleir, away the clouds. From these two causes, combined, he, argues, it is by no means impossible that the moon may really have ' something to do with the sudden return of cold which always ocean about this period of the year. Itis, infaot, on the nights when the air is freest from clouds that the most destructive of the terrible 'spring frosts' usually occur. RAISING THE VANGUARD. The body of French engineers is naturally much pleased that one of their body should have been selected [by the British Admiralty, among 450 compettors, for raising the wreck of the great ironclad, the Vanguard. The plan pro posed by this gentleman is certainly ingenious ; as he will employ several thousands of iron balloons, that is to say, hollow spheres filled with compressed air, that will give a floating-power of several thousand tons, and that will be attached by hooks to the body of the vessel. 'With the aid of the floating-power thus obtained, the huge mass is to be raised from its watery bed, and towed inta shallow water, whence it will be taken into a dry dock for repairing. All the raval engineers of Europe are intensely interested in the matter, and will follow the ingenious attempt of the successful competitor with the utmost attention and curiosity. The value of the sunken vessel is estimated at £400,000. 