TYESLEYAN DISTRICT MEETING. SOUTHERN DISTRICT. Ttrrt Tikv TrrcsnAY. OCTOBKB 17. The annual meeting 01 tne ministers Dewmfing to the Southern Distnot of the South Australian Conference, was commenced in the 8choolroom of the Piricstreet Church, on Tuesday, Oo tober 17. The Kev. w. if. weus, rresiaent 01 the Conference, occupied the chair; and all the ministers of the District were present with the exception of the Revs. A. Stubbs, of Mount Gambler, J. H. Trevorrow, of Port Lincoln, and A. J. Bogle, of the Northern Territory, to whom a dispensation waa granted on account of distance. The following were the elections for District officials, viz. :— Rev. J. B. Stephenson, Secretary; the Rev. J. Nicholson, Assistant Secretary ; and the Rev. J. Haslam, Journal Secretary. The hours of session and some other preliminary busi ness were arranged, and a cordial vote of thanks presented to the Rev. H. T. Burges3 for his services as Secretary of the District during the past year. The Chaiemak briefly addressed the meeting, expressing bis pleasure on meeting the brethren, and gratitude that they had been preserved to labour for God through another year. He hoped the District Meeting would ba one of great spiritual profit. They were met not only for the purpose of tabulating statements as to what bad been done, but also to encourage each other in their arduous work. It weuld be strange indeed if a number or ministers met for three or four days consecutively without doing each other good. In their discussions everything that would be likely to chafe or irritate ought to be carefully avoided. During the previous year they had passed through widely-differing expe riences. Borne had to oontena with sore dis couragement, others had the joy of aucoess. Their fraternal sympathy would be mutually helpful. They would do well to remember that they met as Methodist preachers. The doctrines they preached ekould be matters of personal experience. It was important to retain the wit* ness of the Spirit, and to keep ita evidence clear and strong. The happiness of the meeting, their own asefulness, and their future strength would be largely increased by their securing a fresh and entire consecration to God. They needed, as a personal enjoyment, the promised baptism of the Holy Ghost. He hoped there would be diligence and earnestness in tuelr devotions as well as in conducting the business they had met to transact. At a later stage of the meeting the Chaihuan cordially welcomed the Rev. C. Lane, from Victoria, and T. C. Lauranoe, from Western Australia, who had arrived in the District since the last Conference. He assured them of the goodwill and affection of their brother ministers, and hoped their labours would bo abundantly blessed of God. Both the above-named ministers suitably responded to the Chairman's greeting. The regular routine of business was then pro oeeded with. With the exception of the Kev. M. Wilson, whose decease took place at the last Conference, eo minister had died during the year, and no case of discipline had occurred. Tho usual questions as to moral and religious character were satisfactorily answered. On the qseBtion of ministers beccning supernumeraries the Kev. T. C. Laurance spoke of his needing assistance in the extensive circuit of Mount Baiker, as he feared bis strength was insufficient for the amount of travelling which it required, but he did not press bis request to be made a supernumerary. The case of the Rev. T, Raston was considered with a view to his returning to the active work, but on liia representing himself as unequal to the duties of a circuit the matter was allowed to drop. A conversation took place on the propriety of supernumeraries engaging in secular pursuits, the general feeling appearing to be that buoh energy ci they possessed should be devoted to the service of the Church. The name of a candidate for the ministry from the Puie-street Circuit waa introduced by the Rev. S. Knight, but as he had not been brought before the quarterly meeting of the Circuit, it was decided that no definite action should be taken. Should the nomination of tiie candidate be approved of by the December quarterly meeting the necessary examination might then be arranged for prior to tbe Con ference. It was arranged for the examinations of a candidate from the North Adelaide Circuit and of a probationer to take place on Thursday. The Chairman gave an account of the corre spondence which had passed between himself and the Rev. J. Bickford relative to obtaining ministers from England. In consequence of the difficulty of securing suitable supplies from the ministerial ranks, he had requested Mr. Bickford to endeavour to induce one or more youcg men, in whom confidence oould be placed, to emigrate with the view of joking the colonial ministry. Mr. Biokford nad apparently succeeded in two cases, and there was a probability that a third negotiation would be satisfatorily concluded. A conversation took place on the status which these expected con cessions would possess, and the necessary Bteps to be taken for regularly connecting them with the Conference. No definite information was available, but it was understood that the whole arrangements were rendered necessary by the emergency, and that the President and ex President were justified in their action. Reports of a satisfactory character as to the students connected with the branch of the Provincial Theological Institution In the Distriot were presented by the Chair man. Both the students at Prince Alfred College had passed the recent matricula tion examination of the Adelaide University with great credit. Mr. T. E. Thomas, who has beeu attending the lectures at tae Melbourne University, was expected shortly to take bis degree and to return to the colony with a view to entering immediately on circuit work. An animated discussion took plaoe with reference to the undesirability of young men connected with the Theological Institution engaging in studies which interfered with their direct theological training. Mr. Nkwma5 regarded the latter as being by far the most important work, and one which ought not to be set aside on any account Mr. Haslam said the question was most serious. There was great inconsistency in a readiness to overturn certain rules to meet the exigencies of circuits, while at the same time candidates ware left unemployed that they might pursue studie3 which had no bearing on their special work. Mr. Kkxght argued that there was no Intention to forego theological training. A University course involved the highest kind of intellectual disci pline. It was like mental calisthenics. Even supposing theological reading to be suspended for a while, the increased mental power which the Btudenta thereby acquired would eventually enable them to deal with It far more vigorously and effectively. Any honours they might, gain would be their achievement, and vrould do service both to themselves and tha Church, Messrs. Bubges3, and Lake, the Chairman, and others took part In the conversation The prevailing opinion appeared to be that however valuable other studies might be, it was of tha utmost importance that the theological training of candidates for the ministry should be strictly adhered to. The following resolution was unani mously adopted :—' That this Diatriot Meeting has heard with pleasure of the diligence and success with whioh the students have prosecuted their studies during the year.' It waa arranged that notices of motion relating to the en&uing; Conference should be handed in on Thursday morning. The next Distriot meeting was appointed to be held at Pirle-streat Church on the third Tuesday in October, 1877. 