NEWS AND NOTES. Mr Ross, correspondent of the City Board of Advice, received on Monday night the following telegram from Mr W. H. Handheld, acting for the secretary of the Education Board:- "Report of Central Board of Health received. The Mima ter does not feel justified in closing the schools.”" We give elsewhere some further • particulars as to the storm on Saturday, taken from our correspondents and exchanges. One of the incidents in Sturt street was the breaking short off of a small gas-pipe near the Corner, the little disaster being made known by a great odor of escaping gas. A correspondent, presumably a lady, and presumably an old lady, has written twice to the committee of the Carnival Art-Union, offering to give a handsome sum if she can only get the first or second prize. Out of the first prize she is prepared to give £2OO to the committee, and £4O to the charities; out of the second prize she will give £lOO to the committee and £2O to the charities. We are afraid that the com miltee cannot accept this handsome offer,, as it has not any power to control the lucky number. ■ Another correspondent wrote to say that he had lost his ticket, and modestly requested the committee: to send an other, but did,not offer to pay for. the new one., v: J Our Stawell correspondent writes:—“lt is always a* pleasing duty to record any progress in a liberal direction. Such a movement has lately taken place at Stawell, as the local Mechanics' Institute and Free Jjibrary has been thrown open oh a Sunday from the hours of two till six o’clock in the afternoon. The experiment has now been tried for four Sundays, and has, so far, turned'out a perfect success. When first proposed to the annual meeting of subscribers, the occasion was thought too auspicious by the Sabbatarian party to be neglected, and, consequently,'the ghost of John ICnox was duly raked' out of the dust of three centuries and made himself beard. But the voting showed, in a most unmistakable manner,' that what plight have been suitable at a time when a.violent, re action took place in an isolated country in the north of Europe, does not cpnformto the notions of an en lightened people, inhabiting jtbe poqtjjgtnpart of the globe in the nineteenth century." The rain of Saturday loosened some of the earth.- ‘Works on the railway bear Ararat, and the -rails worn so. removed from their proper position that by soma 'means or other, tbp engine attached to Monday morq ing’s train to Ballarat got off; thfelihe, kyidint of hard work, in about an hour the ehgina on the line again, without further mUhap, and brought -the train on to Ballarat rather late£:| - , We' are-glad tbVsed'that Mr Long, mayor, of the Town, baa;so far recovered from hifreoent as ’ .to bo able 'to:take his scat..on tbe’lbench again. Mr : 'Long presided at the-TowniCourt dh'Mondayj? p vi-iThe' progress ofsthe,,JElgertbn,,:mine case’-ia vary ■ keenly welched at'-the Corner,'and* joke and' stricture are delivered very pungently upon occasion at the expense alike of .witnesses,.barristers,,and.judge... *. The monotony ’of’, business, or no business at the, , Corher has bead bccasionallylvariedlatelybya little’ dealing injCaruiyal scrip, .but,we hear.of no alarming., premiums being offered. . ~ There are prowling potty thieves about Soldiers' Hill, especially just outside the City boundaries and within Bungareosbire. ; On Monday a woman called 'on a bogging mission at the residence of Mr Forsbaw, .and in the absence of the domestic stole a hat and coat from the hall. Nowhere near the boundary can a policeman ever be seen, and it behoves householders to look sharply after their own interests, A telegram was received bn Monday by the widow j of the late Dr Gilbert, of Sebastopol, informing her qf the death by drowning of her son - at ‘East 'Charlton, while out duck shooting on Saturday. John Gilbert, | the deceased, was a young man of about twenty-three years of age, and was at one time employed for a short period on the reporting staff of the Evening Post, He then acted as clerk for Mr Vowel), sharebroker, &b.;, at the Corner, till that gentleman left Ballarat, and since then has been connected with Mr Alex. Clark, legal manager, till within n few weeks ago, when the decline of the Corner necessitated his ser vices being dispensed with. The deceased then ob tained employment in Messrs Luth’s store at East Charlton, and while out-with a party shooting wild fowl be was drowned, /.The minute circumstances of his death have not as yet come to hand; all that is known being contained in the meagre telegram to Mrs Gilbert, on receipt of which that lady immediately set out for St. Arnaud on her way to East Charlton. . At the meeting of the Carnival Art-Union Com mittee held on Monday night, Mr Cazaly reported that .he had arranged for the use of the globes belonging to the Mechanics’ Institute Committee for the drawing of the Art- Union. . A deputation of stock agents waited on a portion of the City Council on Monday, at the Town-hall', with reference to tho question of dues at the Qattle-yarda, These dues have for a long time past been a thorn in the side of buyers.and sellers,.and after discussing the' matter well'the twoj'parties came 'Bents, which will be brought before the nest meeting of the council in the mayor's report. The local troop of the P.W.V.V.L.H. have long been promised some sort of a gun wherewith to practise as flying artillery, and after considerable delay they have ht.last.receivad the gun.V On Monday a 12-pounder howitzer was sent up from Melbourne fur the use of the troop, and notwithstanding the fact that the gun is not of the latest pattern (being cast in 1849) it will no doubt answer the purposes for which it is sent up. On Thursday 'there will be a mounted parade of the troop, when, in all probability, the first gun-drill will take place. It will be seen from a report elsewhere that the drawing in connection with the Carnival Art-Union is to positively take, place at the Academy of Music on the 2Sth and 26th April. The Church of England in Victoria has lost (says the Argus) one of her moat eminent ministers by the death of the Bev. Dr Bussell, which occurred on board the barque Hampshire, the vessel that arrived from , London j on Sunday evening. .Dr-Bussell had passed a long and useful career in connection with the Church of England in these colonies. He was in the first instance originally in Sydney, being then in dea con’s orders, and was minister.of St. Mark’s, Darling Point. He came to this diocese in 1848, and was appointed minister of the Wannon district, then purely pastoral Ho was subsequently ordained priest by the Bishop of Melbourne. He worked zealously, and through his exOrtionsfohurohes!wees built at'Cole mine, Casterton, Digby, Branxholme, and Merino. In the early meetings of the Church Assembly he .took a most active part, and his services in many other directions were very highly valued. Few men were regarded withjmore.affection in the Church, and few men possessed such power of influencing their fellows. About two years and a half ago he suffered from two attacks of nn apoplectic nature, and re ceived leave, of-;absenoe.r He went home in 1874 by the San Francisco route, and while in Italy He' - wits again attacked. From this he seemed to have reco vered, and at the time of his death he was on bis way back to Victoria, in accordance.-with.medical advice. Our correspondent states that the sum realised from the collection and sale of tickets in connection with ,the opening of the Boman Catholic Church at Lear month on Sunday, amounted tonearly,£3oo. Mr Ware has been appointed travelling agent and collector to get in outstanding accounts and tickets from the various agents of the Carnival Art-Uoion. Our Smythesdale correspondent,writes:—-“ A move-; meht was set on foot some time ago to get subscrip tions in behalf of Mrs E. Creed, whose husband was found dead near Ballarat. Since then the col lectors have been at work quietly and earnestly, the following being the result of their labors:—Loyal Smythesdale Lodge, £l5 2s; Mrs Mahon and Mrs Corbett, £22; Messrs Heatherman, Wright, M’Guire, and Haydon, £Bl ss; .total, £llB 7s, .This amount has been placed in, the bank- in (trusts of Messrs Heatherman and J.’ Bcst. Mrs Creed wishes to ex press her great thankfulness to her many and kind friends." The Public Library committee desire thankfully to acknowledge the receipt of £3 3s, the annual donation of the Hon. John Gumming, M.L.C., and express the hope that his creditable liberality will be imitated by the other,representatives of,the South-Western Province. - A -large -majority decided to throw open the institution during certain hours on Sundays, to be decided by the committee, and the result shows that the public appreciate the concession. One feature is noticed by, all who pay a visit to the' place during Sunday-, and that is, that it is an entirely different set of people who indulge in a read on the Day of Best from those who frequent the institution during the' week. The hours adopted were fixed so as not to interfere with anybody’s church-going-duties, but no doubt when it is found that the public makes a free use of the mental treat provided the hours will be extended. A driver in the employment of Mr Crook, butcher, Victoria street, left his delivery cart standing outside Brophy’s hotel on Monday, morning 'about eleven o’clock, and his back had not been turned long when the horse attempted to bolt. After a few plunges tho chain round the wheel gave way, and away went the animal and cart down Doveton street. When at the corner of Dana street, the horse, turned round and was going down that street, 'when the axle snapped off close to the inside of the nave of the off wheel. This had the effect of causing the horse to stumble and fall, when, of course, the animal was speedily captured. Fortunately no injuries occurred to. either horse or cart beyond the breaking of the axle. Only two very mild cases of scarlet fever have as yet occurred at ;Ballan,, and the patients - attacked (children) are progressing favorably. It is rumored that several other families have been visited by the malady, but we believe such is not the case. The health officer there is taking every precaution to pre vent the spread of the disease. Oh Saturday .afternoon Mr M. Walsh submitted to public competition, at Ballan, the rights to the booths and gales iu connection with the forthcoming races at Ballan, which are to be held on the 4th April. The gates were purchased by Mr B. Shannon for £l5 12s 6d, No. 1 booth was knocked down to Mr Bring for £2O ss, and No. 2 to Mr Q. Bust for £lO ss. It is to be hoped that these enterprising gentlemen may be rewarded with a floe day and a good attendance on the part of the public. - .. ■; - ■; The following is an extract from a letter received by a lady at Haddon, from a brother who holds a re spectable scholastic position in Birmingham, and has 'reference to Dr Thornton; Writing of the he says:—-“.Without a doubt he was the most successful minister'in Birmingham,' and that is saying much of a large town of .360,000 people. Not only was he liked as a'preacher, bulks a man. His district* of St George’s was a very mixed one, strong in Churchmen and strong' in Dissenters,’ but everybody liked him, and his pariah work was large in amount and without any bigotry. St George’s municipal ward is a strong hold of both liberals aud conservatives, but Dr Thorn ton succeeded in founding and maintaining societies for moral and social improvement, which were clear of any ill- feeling of any kind, His schools were the largest iu Birmingham, and the most successful, and undoubtedly it was all owing to his sensible way of working himself and seeing after the work of others. To sum up his character as a bishop, 1 may safely say he will work himself, make others work too. He can well judge as to the quality of work, and while being thoroughly just in bis demands from hie clergy, will know well what allowances ■ to make, for he has had experience cod he has good common-sense. That he will-bo popular there is no doubt," ‘ The question of the appointment of gardener to the O rphan Asylum will be settled at the special meeting of the committee of the ,Asylum, .to take place this J evening. ' : We"'understand' 1 that there ’ are nearly twenty applicants for the post. In the Boger Kelsall will-case of Wilson v Shep herd, which was recently decided in favor of the defendant, we (Qcelong Advertiser) understand that the plaintiff intends moving for a new trial. The ground .for the motipn'is'that fresh evidence of an important character has, since the last'hearing of the case) come to light. An Argus telegram dated Port Albert, Saturday, says:—“The yacht Bubler, of the_Sydney Yacht Club, Lieutenant' Eng,;B.N.j owner and commander,'.; .arrived here tb-day from Launceston, en route for the -Qippsland Lakes. Lieutenant. King rcpoits that having landed on the east side of Hummock Island,' Bass’ Straits, on the I9th instant, in search of water, he fouqd,op the beach - the bqttom:p£; a vessel, appa rently of about 300 tons. About a quarter of a mile farther he found., the 1 ' upper'portion, and adjacent to the wreck he.found a hut, built with portions of the wreck, and stowed 'with : the other portions, chiefly :iron-work andgear, &c.; i.Haalao found a small.p'en, ■containing one live sheep, nearly starved, which was set at liberty. Noihingwaa found to indicate.'the3 name of thaveesel, or, to'show how long the camp; might, have Broken up.” ; £ \- -In .view oE the contemplaled departure of the Rev.. J. Gbeasling the congregation of the German Lutheran Church, at Qerogery, made arrangements (says the Albury Banner) to secure the services.of . another minister, the Hev.MrWieae, who arrived from’the ;oljl; country recently, and who was duly inducted as pastor of the congregation on Sunday last by the 3ovl'Mf Jacobs, and the'late minister. A handsome sum has already been collected, the proceeds of which will be banded to Mr .Goessling in the form of a purse of-sovereigns at a farewell'.banquet to be.given about Easter.' ■■ ■ ■ - . The death is announced of Miss Hardy,-the eldest daughter of Admiral Hardy—in. whose arms Nelson expired. Miss Hardy was the occupant of a suite of rooms in-Hampton. Court Palace,, allotted to her by: the Queen. -The musket hall by which Nelson was killed was for many years kept as a-memento; by, ■Captain Hardy, who had it mounted, in crystal and Isilver as a lopket. It is believed (the Surrey pomet 'says). to be in the possession, of the Queen'. The fuueral, of Miss Hardy was solemnised at Hampton Churchyard] the Rev. P.’Cameron Wodehouse, chap lain of Hampton'Court Palace, officiating. It is re marked that the death of Miss Hardy will recall the circumstance that her father, the Admiral, kept for■ many years as, a memento a locket mounted in crystal aqd silver, enolroliug the bullet by .which Nelson met his death, and which was curiously identified by there adhering to. it a portion'of the bullion of the. epaulette’'through which the ball passed, forcing the strands of golden wire before it into the hero’s body. There was a splendid house, at the Theatre Royal on Monday night]. pit and stalls were crammed, and (be circle was well filled. !.The performances passed off in capital style, and evoked great applause, :the ,f baby.” being in capital form, and the rest of ..the company .ably supporting the little lady. .........v A public.meeting will he held at the Bungareeshire hall tills afternoon, at four p.m., to .discuss the ridings question. The Rev; J,- " J; Halley ; will lecture |to- night ; in' Dawson street-Congregational-Church, on his recent visit to Europe. The rev. gentleman’s well known genial manner and reputation as a'lecturer, will no' doubt secure a very large and appreciative audience. There is no bharge for admission,' but there will be a oolleetion in aid of the funds of the'churcb. The programme of the Miners’ Race Club meeting, to -take 'place bn the 20th April, will' be found in bur advertising columns, ' 