That the district'?)!! .Hihrooma and SeotUsdalo arc among thu inosl valuable) portion of tho colony, no o lib' familiar with' tlieif groiit natural resources will venture to question. For sorao . rea sons, as wo have. already remarked, not quite intelligible to the . public, this fine moiety of Tasmania has ex perienced tho most marked neglect from' the Government over since the Whyte- Mereditu Ministry was super seded ten years, ago by that which, under one modification or another, has. monopolised Exocntivo power under the dictatorial supremacy of Mr. T. D. Chapman. How this gentloman used his ' suddenly acquired powur r to paralyse the scheme of Public "Works initiated, by his predecessors, must t be well remembered. Of tho requirc- | ments of the representatives of industry, . resident and toiling in tho rural j forest and mining districts of the J colony, Mr. Chapman is. just us ig- f nornnt as he is of tho rudimerital prin ciples of political economy, or tho science of legislation and government. But something- must.be done to .con. ince tho public that ho knew moro of i tho peculiar wants of the rural and forest settlers than men, of at least, equal intelligence, and with life-long experience <\- of;', the; (vicissitudes,-, the triuls, aiid of familiarity with all tho incidents of rural and forest life; In no way could this be so effectively accomplished, or so readily and easily ao.hieVed ; as by " pooh- poohing," without arguments, reason, or facts to justify such a senseless and michiovous proceeding, all that his predecessors in office, hod devised in tho form of a plan of Public Works. Nothing was easier than - the course entered upon by Mr. Chapman. He found himself surrounded in the Houbo of Assembly by a motley and formidable majority, one portion of which was " dead on " for more favour able . terms on behalf of the promoters of the Launceston and Western : Rail- way; aud anothor all anxiety to obtain even standing room : in the pleasant neighbourhood of the Treasury bread basket. . Without the slightest idea of tlie merits of any of the poitions of tho scheme devised by tho Whyte- Meredith " Ministry, the new Treasurer, with only pen in hand, sots to work with as much effect as if he wielded the sword of a giant, and so mangles, hacks,, cuts up amd severs every joint of the. whole body of his piecineefcHdr's creation, ' that -7. hen the imruoluLion had beon completed not a featuro or remnant of the original design could lit? recagm"!. 3ut any one who't Vlfnvcs ihat .Mfr, jilapman onleredjuppnr bin work-, rg. , .tde 'hit- eliering : uninflueneod ,by. :'othor footings than those of jealousy towards those who had""" superseded himself three or four j oaraprcviousl , in officewill do him great injustice. ' There was far more of mefchoci;in his mercilnss; treat ment of the Public Works scheme of 1865 than ho gets credit for. "Unlike a Malay, when "running a muek," he (fid not act from Nome uncontrollable irn- pulso, which reason is powerless to rc- aisfc. and which defies tho acutesk ' critic to discover its initiative sourco Mr. Meredith had to bo humbled before Mr Chapman, and his humiliation would have been iucoraplete, if those who had supixn'ted his' Ministry!, and took 'a leading part in depriving' 'Mr. Chapman of office, wore allowed . I o ' escape with out feeling the vindictive effects of. tho new Treasurer's regained authority. At thiB tiino Franklin -and iSalby districts were represented in : the Houso of A ssombly by Messrs, Balfk and J. R. Scott, noithor of whom had the ' good fortune of beinc in tho confidence of Mr. Chapman. By some suggestive coincidence, the appropriations made under the Public Works Act of 1865, and which had not been anticipated by con tract actually signed . previous to the change of Ministers, were at once "^im pounded," and dealt with in a manner never contemplated by P wliament when they woro originally made, and by this arbitrary proceeding tho whole scliomo was first vitiated, and thendecricd,forthe results brought about by -the ignorance end want of 'practical knowledge of Mr. Chapman himself. The heat and must impartial comment .upon, tho lino Of action the successors of Messrs,. ;WiiYTn and Meredith jmrsuc-d In r"f rence. to tho Publio Workfl Acts of 18d5, is fnr- nished by the petition lately presented , by pertain persons connected with the 'district of Ringarooma and George Tovn, and the propositions, submitted by the. present Govornment to cqt&trubt.; : and, raniutain in tho (listriQt:'6fNthe Franklin tho very roads 'jth4jri con demned, and withdrew by far ihe greator proportion of, tho funds /Voted for thoir construction in 1865 But then the Franklin is very difforontly ropre- KBuiod now, and as Solby, which in cludes the hitherto proscribed districts of Soottsdale and. Ringarooma, rf hgsj deputed a faithful follower of Mr. Chapman to be thoir representative in the House , of Assembly, we should not be surprised if the ban upon it should lie withdrawn, and its claims for. equal consideration with other 'portions of' the" 'Colony, for public assistance' towards the construction and mainten ance of roads, dulyaoknowledged. There is, howovor, a chance that any such expectation may not bo realised ; for it is very doubtful if the present repre sentative for tho district can caloulateon any longer tenure of his dignity as such, than the first opportunity for making a different selection offers ; and as Messrs. Jas. Scott and J. 11. Scott are large landed proprietors in this " re bellious" portion of .this island, where Ministers-are only estimated at iheir real value, and are not 'always spoken of, or referrod to, as entities somewhat inure ethereal than detni-gods, it is just possible that the prayers of (be (ttlitionera will rcmaiu practically .un attended to, uiitH Miuistora arc pleased to obtain the sanction of Parliament to special appropriations in their favour, and until tho mining and industrial interests concerned loso more, through tho want of roads, tlicrii would ' sufiico to construct them. And this is called "governing a country," and thoimbeeiles engaged in that work aro describod as' " statesmen." ' The Health Officer of the port of Hobart Town may at times ' have thought that the Prcs was ra'hcr hard upon him in the matter nf neglect in properly examining paKseutrcrs prior to landing from vessels arriving from Melbourne or Sydney, when scarlet fo'ver was raging in those col uies, but it is no use locking the stable after the horse is stolen; As showing the feeling in Victoria on this subject, and the neeei- sitv for properly examining vessels having di'cusc ou hoard, or cming from places 'where epidemics are raging, we publish the following pfragraph from the Age of 31st ult., and will try and find space in our nuxt issue for the article from the Lance - field Mercury. The Ago Bays :— 44 There scms to be little doubt that the recent out- hrenk of scarlet fever in the colony must he ascribed to laxity »n the part of the medical officer whose duty it is to inspect and clear all vessels coming into port with passengers, and that the disease was introduced into Victoria by the Great Britain steamer. In another column will bo found an article from the Lanccficld Mercury, in which it is positively ascer tained that the fWer was rifo on board $!ie vessel during the voyage from England, and the progress of the malady is traced fr-im a dnte prior to tbe passengers leaving tiie vessel up to the prBrnt time. In one family resident in tMe Luncnfivld district the results Itavi been most disastrous) and these are distinctly connected with a rase that occurred on Uoard tbe Great Britain, as the girl from whom the infection spread was taken ill before she loft that vessel. It is not so many years since that we suffered from the ravages of small-pox throughsthe gross carelessness' nnd blundering of the medical authorities, nnd now again we have boon mnrie the victims of their neglect. Well may it be asked, flow was it- that tbe Great Britain was permitted to come up to SandridgC, land; her passengers, and thus sow fever broadcast throughout the country P Tire question is often asked, " where' are tho po'icc ?" mid ho more natural query conld have been put by anyone. parading 1 tbe streets on Monday afternoon. House breakers had a splendid opportunity for carrying on their " profession," forin>moat of obr principal streets the well-known blue ' was- -"invisible." From Liverpool- street, right up Elizabftb-strect, thnrc was not); (yen; the ghost of a,guar dian of' the 'peace ti be mt' with' at nny time between 4 and 5 o'clock, neither coul 1 nnjr be . seen along Batburet, Melville, : Brisbane, Patrick, Warwick, High and Burnett-streets. Of. cour.'e 'here were men told off to some at least of these street, but where were they ? We venture to suggest that had we examined half as manv public-houses as we did streets, the mastery would have anon been solved. Again, where were the men who. were told off to, parade Liver pool-street on Monday forenoon ? Early in the day a burglary in that street was reported to the police, and officers of the force, after having investigated matters, waited for over an hour for one of the lueu upon the beat to make his appearance, so that he could be placed . in charge. They waited howeveT in vain, and at last u man ,was obtained from another quarter. Wc often hear of people looking for a policeman, aud being unable to find one, but this is the first instance that has come under our notice of. police officers looking for one, and as they were not successful, we presume it is part uf their duty tu re port. the fact at the station, so that the officers iu charge may uscertain who the men were who were told off in that street at the time, and also where they were, for it is quite evident that they weru off tbeir beat. If these derelictions of duty are allowed to continue, we cannot wonder if burglaries become more fivqucnt. We f nr that although the shopkeepers pay a sufficiently high tax for police protection, ihe only real protection they have is from the solitary watchman whom they are force : t« employ to keep watch over their . property duriog the hour of darknc&t;),a»d it ia high time that an alteration were effected in this state of affairs, pud some show ot disclipine made. 