TALES. E D I N A. By Mns. HENRY WOOD, Author or 'East Lyxxe.' [The right of publication in Australia has be»n purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chaiter XIII. — UxDEit the Evexixg Star. ' Can you spare me a moment, Frank r' ' Fifty moments, if you like, Edina,' was the ready : answer in the ever-pleasant tone. ' Come in.' The day had gone on to its close, and Edina had found no opportunity of speaking to Frank alone. The secret of which she had unexpectedly gained cognisance that morning was .consuming her mind. To be a t-artv to it. and to keen the fact from Franlc. ?was impossible to Edina. Tell him, she must : and the sooner the better. After tea, he and the Doctor had sat persistently talking together until dusk, when Frank had to go out to visit a fever-patient in Bleak Row. Running upstairs to change his coat, Edina had thought the opportunity had come, and followed him to his chamber. She went in after his hearty response to her knock. Frank, quick in all his movements, already had his coat off, and was taking the old one from the peg ?where it hung. Edina sat down by the drawers. ' Frank,' she said in a low tone, and 6he disliked very much indeed to have to say it, ' I chanced to go .into the church this morning soon after 8 o'clock. I — I saw you there.' u Did your' cried Frank, coming to a pause with his coat half on.2' And, did you see anything else, Edina r' ' I believe I saw all there was to see, Frank. I saw you standing with Margaret St. Glare at the altar rails, and Mr. Backup marrying yeu.' ♦'Well, I never!' cried Frank, with amn?in-r ease and equanimity, just the same that he might have maintained had she said she saw him looking on at a christening. 'Weren't you surprised, Edina r' ' Surprised, and a great deal more, Frank. Shocked. Grieved.' ' I say, though, whatever took you to the church at that early hour, Edinar' ' Chance : it may be said. Though I am one of those, you know, who do not believe such a thing as chance exists. I went after Mrs. Trim, found, her house shut up, and thought she might be in the church, cleaning it. Oh, Frank ! how could you do anything so desperately imprudent r' ' 'Well, I hardly know. Don't scold me, Edina.' ' I haveno right to scold you,' she answered. ' And scolding would be of no use now the thing ia done. Nevertheless, I must tell you what a very wrong step it was to take ; lamentably imprudent : and I think you must, yourself, know that it was. I could never have believed it of Margaret St. Clare.' ' Do not blame Daisy, Edina. I persuaded her to take it. Mrs. St. Clare has been talking of marching her oft' abroad ; and we wanted, you see, to secure our selves against separation.' ' And what are you going to do, Frank 'Oh, nothing,' said easy Frank. 'Daisy's gone back to the Mount, and I am here, as usual. As soon as I can make a home for her, I shall fetch her away.' ' Make a home where r' ' In some place where there's a likelihood of a good practice. London, I dare say.' ' But how are you to live : A good practice docs not spring up in a night, like a mushroom.'. ' That's arranged,' replied Frank, as perfectly con fident himself that it was arranged as that Edina was sitting on the low chair, and he settling his shoulders into his coat. ' My plans are all laid, Edina, and Uncle Hugh knows'what they are — and it was in pur suance of them that I went over to Eagles' Nest. I will tell you about it to-morrow : there's no time now.' 'Papa does not know of what took place this morning:' 'Not that. Nobody knows of that. We don't want it known, if we can help it, until the time comes when all the world may know.' ' Meaning until you have gained the home, Frank:' ' Meaning until I and Daisy enter upon it,' said sanguine Frank. Edina's hand — her elbow resting on her knee — was raised to support her head: her lingers played j absently with her soft brown hair : her dark, thought I ful eyes, gazing before her, seemed to see nothing, j Whether it might arise from the feet that ia her early ! days of privation, when Dr. Raynor' s means were so | narrow, she had become practically acquainted with i some dark phases of existence, or whether it was the | blight that had been cast on her heart in its sweet i spring-time, certain it was that E-lina Raynor was | no longer of a sanguine nature. Where Frank saw only sunshine in prospective, she saw shadow. And a ! great deal of it. ' You should have made sure of the home first.' ' Before making sure of Daisy ? Not a bit of it, Edina. We shall get along.' 'That's just like you, Frank,' she exclaimed, petulantly, in her vexation. ' You would as soon marry ten wives as one, the law allowing it, so far as never giving a thought to what you were to do with them.' ' But the law would not allow it,' laughed Frank. 'It is your great fault — never to think of conse quences.' ' Time enough for that, Edina, when the conse quences come.' She did not make any rejoinder. To what use r Frank ltaynor would be Frank Raynor to the end of time. It was his nature. ' It is odd, though, is it not, that you, of all Tren naeh, should just happen to have caught us he exclaimed, alluding to the ceremony of the morning. ' Hut you']] not betray us, wiijl you, Edina : ? I must be ofi' down, or Uncle Iliigli will be calling to know what I'm doing.' Edina rose, with a sigh. ' No, I will not betray you, Frank : you know there is no danger of that : and if I can help you and Daisy in any way, I will do it. I was obliged to tell you what I had seen. I could not keep from you the fact .that it had come to my knowledge.' As Frank leaped downstairs, light -hearted as a boy, Dr. Raynor was crossing from the sitting room to the surgery. He halted to speak. ' I forgot to tell you, Frank, that you may as well call this evening 011 Dame Bell ; you will be passing her door.' ' Is Dame Bell ill again : ' asked Frank. 'I fear so. A woman came for some medicine for her to-day.' ' I thought she was at Falmouth.' ' She is back again, it seems. Call and see as you go along ; you have plenty of time.' ' Very well, Uncle Hugh.' The Bare Plain might be said to deserve its name very especially this evening as Frank traversed it. In the morning the wind had been high, but notliing to what it was now. It played amid the openings sur rounding the Bottomless Shaft, going in with a whirr, coming out with a rush, and shrieked and moaned fearfully. The popular belief indulged in by the miners was that this unearthly shrieking and moaning, which generally disturbed the air on these boisterous nights, proceeded not from the wind, but from Dan Sandon's ghost. Frank Raynor had no faith in the ghost — Dan Sandon's, or any other — but he shuddered as he hastened by. The illness (more incipient than declared) from which Mre. Bell had been suffering seemed to cease with her trouble. Her husband's mysterious disap pearance was followed by much necessary exertion, both of mind and body, on her own part : and her ailments nearly left her. Dr. Raynor suspected — perhaps knew — that the improvement was but tem porary ; but he did not tell her so. Dame Bell moved briskly about her house, providing for the comforts of j her lodgers, and waiting for the husband who did not I come. } Rosaline did not come, either. And her prolonged absfr.ee seemed to her mother most unaccountable, her excuses for it unreasonable. As the days and the weeks had gone 011, and Rosaline's return seemed to be no nearer than ever, Dame Hell grew angry. She at length made up her mind to go to Falmouth, and bring back the runaway with, her own hands. Easier said than done, th;.t : as Mrs. Bell found. When she, after two days' absence, returned to her home 011 the Bare Plain, she returned alone : her daughter was not with her. This was only a few days ago. The dame had been ailing ever since, some of ' the old symptoms having come back again — the result, perhaps, of the traveling — and she had that day sent a neighbour to Br. Raynor' s for some medicine. Frank Raynor made the best of his way across the .windy plain, leaving the mo ant) and shrieks behind liim, and lifted the latch of Dame Bell's door. She stood at the table, ironing by candle-light, her feet : upon an old mat to keep them from the draught of the | door. Frank, making himself at home as usual, sat ! down by the ironing board, telling her to go on with, j her occupation, and inquired into her ailments. 1 ' You ought not to have taken the journey, mother,' said Frank, promptly, when the questions and answers were over. ' Travelling is not good for you.' ' But I could not help taking it,' returned Dame Bell, shaking out a coarse whitey-brown shirt belong ing to one of her lodgers, and beginning upon its -wristbands. ' When Rosaline never came home, and paid no attention to my ordering her to come, it wa» time I went after her, to bring her back.' ' She has not come back f' 'No, she has not,' retorted Dame Bell, ironing away at so vicious a rate tliat it seemed a marvel thet GOVERNMENT HOUSE, NEW CALEDONIA. wristbands did not ccm; off the shirt. ' I couldn't get her to come, Mr. Frank. Cord6 wouldn't have dragged her. Of all the idiots ! — to let those Whistlers frighten her away from a place for good, like that !' 'The Whistlers?' mechanically repeated Frank, his eyes just as mechanically fixed on die progress of the ironing. 'It's they Whistlers, and nothing else,' said Mrs. Bell. ' I didn't send word to her or her aunt that I was 011 the road to Falmouth.; I thought I'd take 'em by surprise. And I declare to you, Mr. Frank, I hardly believed my eyes when I saw Rosaline. It did give me a turn. I was that rtiockofl ? ' ' But why r' interrupted Frank. 'She's just as thin as a herring. You wouldn't know her, sir. When I got to the place, there was John Pellet's shop windows all alight with a big gas flame inside, a-lighting up the tins and fire irons, and that which he shows in it. I opened the side door, and went straight up the stairs to the room overhead, knowing I should most likely find Rosaline there, for it's the room my sister (Pellet's wife) does her millinery work in. My sister was there, standing up with her back to me, a bonnet lodged on each of nor two eutitretched hands, as if she was comparing the blue bows in one with the pink bows in t'other ; and close at the middle table, putting some flowers in another bonnet, was a young woman in black. I didn't know her at first. The gas was right on her face, but I didn't know her. She looked straight over at me, and I thought what a -white and thin and pretty face it was, with large violet eyes and dark circles round 'em ; but as true as you are there, Mr. Frank, I didn't know her for Jtosaline. ' Mother says she, standing up ; and I a'most fell ' down on the nearest chair. ' What ever has come to you, child ?' I says, as she steps round to kiss' me ; ' you look as though you had one foot in the grave, and the other out of jt.' At that she turns as red as a rose ; and what with the bright colour, and the smile she gave, she looked a little more like herself. But there ; if I talked till I tired you, sir, I could make out no more than that ; she's looking desperately ill and wretched, and she ?won't come home again.' Frank made no rejoinder. The ironing went on vigorously, and Mrs. Bell's narrative with it. ' All 1 could say was of no use ; back with, me she'd not consent to come. All her aunt could say was of no use. For when she found how lonely I was at Jiome here, and how much I wanted Rosaline, my sister, though loth to part with her, said nature was nature, and a girl should not go against her mother. But no persuasion would bring Rosaline to reason ; she'd live with me, and glad to, she said, if I'd go and stay at Falmouth, but she could not come back to Trennach. Pellet and Pellet's wife both tried to turn her ; all in vain.' ' Did she give any reason for not coming ? ' ques . tioned. Frank ; and one more observant than Dame Bell might have been struck with the low, subdued tone he spoke in. ' She didn't give any reason, of her own accord, Mr. Frank, but I got it out of her. ' What has Trennach done to you, and what has the old house on the plain done to you, that you should be frightened at it ? ' I said to' her. For it's easy enough to be fathered that she is frightened in her mind, Mr. 'rank, and Pellet's wife had noticed the same ever since she went there. ' Don't say such tilings, mother,' says she, ' it is nothing.' ' But I will say it,' says I to her, ' and I know what the cause of it is — just the fright you got that Tuesday night from they Seven Whistlers, and a fear that you might hear them again if you came back ; and a fine simpleton you must be for your pains ! ' And so she is.' ' Ah yes,' the Seven Whistlers,' repeated Frank, absently. 'She could not contradict me. She only bursts into tears and begs of me not to talk of 'em. Not talk, indeed ! I could have shook her, I could !' ' We cannot always help our fears,' said Frank. ' But for a girl to let they sounds (which nobody Jet has found out the top or the tail of, or what they e) scare her out of house and home and country, is downright folly,' pursued Dame Bell, unable to re linquish the theme, and splitting the button of the skirt collar in two at one stroke of the hasty iron. ' And Bhe must fright and fret herself into a skeleton besides— bother take these bone buttons ! they be al ways a-snapping — but there,' she resumed, in an easier tone, after folding the shirt, ' I suppose she can't help it. Her father was just as much afraid of 'em. ,Bfe never had an atom o' fresh colour in his face from the Sunday night he heard they Whistlers till the Tuesday night when he disappeared. It had a curious gray look on it all the while.' Frank rose. He remembered the gray look well enough. ' If Rosaline likes Falmouth best, she is better there, Mrs. Bell. I should not press her to return,' ' If pressing would do any good, she'd get her share cf it,' rejoined Mrs. Bell, obstinately. ' But it won't. I did press, for the matter of that. When I'd done pressing on my own score, I put it on the score of her father. ' Don't you care to be at home to welcome your poor lost father when he gets back to it— for back he's sure to come ?' says I, ' sooner or later And I'm sure my eyes ran down tears as I spoke. But no : she just turned as white as the grave, Air. Frank, and shook her head in a certain solemn way of hers, which she must have picked up at Falmouth ; and I saw it was of no use, though I talked till doomsday. There she stops, and there she will stop, and I must make the best of it. And I wish they evil Whistlers liad been in the sea Frank was in a hurry to depart : but she went on again, after taking breath. ' She is earning money there, and her aunt is glad to have her and takes care of her, and she says she never saw any girl so expert with her fingers and dis play such taste as Rosaline. But that don't mend the matter here, Mr. Frank, and is no excuse for her being such a goose, * Gome and take a room at Falmouth, mother,' says she, when I was leaving. But I'd like to know what a poor body like me could do in that strange place.' 'Well, good evening, Mrs. Bell,' said Frank, escaping to the door. But the loquacious tongue had not finished yet. ' When I was coming back in the train, Mr. Frank, the thought kept running into my mind that perhaps Bell would have got home while I'd been away : and ?when I looked round the empty house, and he wasn't liere, I had a queer feeling of disappointment. Do you think he ever will come, sir r' Some ' queer feeling' seemed to take Frank at the question, and stop his breath. He spoke a few words indistinctly in answer. But Mrs. Bell did not catch them. ' And whether it was through that — the expecting to see him and the consequent disappointment — I don't know, Mr. Frank ; but since then I can't get liim out of my mind. Day and night, Bell is in it. I'm beginning to dream of him ; and that's what I've not done yet. Nancy Tomson says that's a good sign. Should you say it was, sir ?' ' I — really don't know,' .was Frank's unsatisfactory reply. And he succeeded in making his exit with the words. ' I icis/i she'd not bring up her husband to me !' he cried to himself, lifting his hat tliat his brow might get a little of the fresh wind, which blew less fiercely under these cottages. ' Somehow she nearly always does do it. I hate to cross the threshold.' A week or two went on ; a week or two of charm ing weather and calm blue skies. The day fixed for the departure of Mrs. St. Clare from the Mount came and passed, and she was still in her home, and likely to be in it for some time to come. ' Man proposes, but Heaven disposes.' Every day of our lives, we learn fresh proofs of that great fact. Onuie very day of Daisy's impromptu wedding, Jier sister Lydia snowed herself more than usually ail ing and grumbling. She felt cold and shivery, and sat in the pink cloak all day. The next morning she seemed really ill, not fancifully so, was hot andcold alternately, and Dr. Raynor was sent for. The attack turned out to be one of fever. Not as vet of infectious fever and Dr. Raynor hoped he should prevent its going on to that. But it was rather severe, and re quired careful watching and nursing. Of course their departure for foreign lands was out of the question. They could not leave the Mount. Mrs. SkClare, who was very anxious, for she dreaded in fectious fever more than anything else, spent most of her time in Lydia's room. Once! in away, Frank, Jiaynor appeared at the Mount in his uncle's place. Kaynor was given fully to understand that his own attendance was requested, not his nephew's : but w?8 y getting to feel worse dav by day ; he could not always get over, walking or' riding; and °n occasions Frank went instead. Mrs. St. Clare allowed what, as it appeared, there was no remedy for, and was coldlv civil to the voung doctor. ' * But this illness of Lydia's and Mrs. St. Clare's close attendance in liei room gave more libertv to Daisv. Scarcely an evening passed but she, unsuspected and un watched, was pacing the shrubberies and the secluded parts of that wilderness of a garden with him Frank Raynor. There, arm in arm, thev walked and talked together of the hopeful future ; and the hours seemed to be enchanted, and to flv on golden wings. ' ' the glass of time, and turned it in glowing Every nionicnt, lightly sluikcn, ran itself in golden sands. Love took up the harp of We, and smote ch all its chorda with might, Smote the chord of self, which, trembling, pasted with music out of sight.' Whatever of reality, of fruition, the future might bring forth, it could never be to them what this present time was, when they wandered together in the sweet moonlight, with the scent of the night-flowers around them, and the soft sighing wind, and the heart's romance. Never an evening but Daisy stole -®ut to watch from the sheltered gate for the coming of her lover ; scarcely an evening that Frfiik failed to come. When he did fail, it was unavoidable. Daisy would linger and linger on, waiting and watching, even when all sensible hope of his coming must have died out ; and when compelled to return indoors, with a reluctant step, she would think fate cruel to her and sigh heavily. ' The time may come when we shall live with each other and be together always, in place of just this little evening walk up and down the paths — and oh ! how I wish the time was come !' would say poor Daisy to her own heart. One evening it was Daisy who failed to be at the trysting-place. Lydia was getting better, was able to sit up a little, morning and evening. The greater danger feared for her had. been prevented ; and under her own good constitution— for she had one, in spite of her grumblings and her imaginary ailments — and Dr. Raynor' s successful treatment, she was recovering rapidly. This evening, lying back in an easy-chair, | it had pleased her to order Daisy to read 'to her. Daisy complied willingly ; she was ever inore ready to help Lydia than Lydia was to accept her help ; but when a considerable spell of reading had been got through, and the room was growing dim, Daisy, coming to the end of a chapter, closed the book. ' 'Wliat's that for?' asked Lydia, sharply, whose fractiousness was coming back to herwithlier advance towards convalescence. ' Read on, please.' ' It is getting dusk,' said Daisy. 'Dusk for that large print? — nonsense,' retorted Lydia. The book was a popular novel, and she felt interested in it. ' I am tired, Lydia : you don't consider how long I have 'been reading,' cried Daisy, fretting inwardly : for the twilight hour was her lover's signal for ap proach, and she knew he mustbealready waiting for her. ' You have only, read since dinner,' debated Lydia: 'not much more than an hour, I'm sure. Go on.' So Daisy was obliged to go on. She dared not dis play too much anxiety to get away, lest it might be tray to them that she had some motive for wishing it. A secret makes us terribly self-conscious. But byand by jt did really become too dark to see even the large print of the fashionable novel of the present day, and Lvdia exhibited signs of weakness ; and Mrs. St. Clare, who had been dozing in another arm chair, woke up and said Lydia must not listen longer. Daisy ran down to the . yellow-room, and sped swiftly through the open glass doors. It was nearly as dark as it would be. The stars were shining ; a lovely opal colour, shading below into green, lingered yet in the west. Frank Raynor, hands in pockets, and whistling softly under his breath, stood in the sheltered walk — a broadish walk, where the trees met overhead. Daisy flung herself into his arms, and burst into tears. Tried almost beyond bear ing by her forced detention, it was thus her emotion, combined perhaps with a little » temper, expended itself. ' Why, Daisy ! What in the world is the matter r' ' I could not get to you, Frank, Lydia kept me in, reading to her, all this while.' ' Never mind, my darling, now you have come.' ' I thought you would go away ; I feared you might think I forgot, or something,' sighed Daisy*. ' As if I could think that ! Dry your eyes, my 'dear one.' Stealing her arm within his own, Frank led her for ward, and they began, as usual, to pace the walk. It was their favourite promenade ; for it was so retired and sheltered that they felt pretty safe from intruders. There, linked arm-in-arm, or with Frank's arm round her waist, as might be, they paced to and fro ; the friendly stars, like twinkling silver, phining down J upon them through the branches overhead. Their theme was ever the same— the future. The hopeful future, that to their eyes looked brighter than those glistening stars. What was it to be for them, and how might they, in their enthusiasm, plan it out r In what manner could Frank best proceed, so as to secure speedily a home-tent, and be able to declare to the world that he and Margaret St. Clare had spent a quarter of an hour in the gray old church at Trennach one windy morning, when he had earned the right to take her away with him and cherish her for life. To this end the whole of their consultations tended ; on this one desirable project all their deliberations centred. The sooner Frank could get away from Trennach, the sooner (as they both so cheerily believed) it would be realized. Never a shadow of doubt crossed either of them in regard to it. Frank was too sanguine, Daisy too inexperienced, to see any dubious clouds. The days to come were to be days of brightness; and both of them were supremely unconscious that such days never come back after the swift passing of life's fair first morning. 'You see, Daisy, the delay is not my fault,' spoke Frank. ' My uncle has been so very unwell this last week or two that I don't like to urge the change upon him. Only to-day I said to him, ' You know I am wanting to leave you, Uncle Hugh,' and his reply was, ' Don't speak of it just immediately, Frank : let things be as they are a very little longer.' While he is feeling so ill, I scarcely like to worry him.' 'Of course not,' said Daisy. 'And as long as I can walk about here with you every evening, Frank, I don't care how long things go on as they are now. It was different when I feared mamma was going to carry me off to the end of the world. It was only that fear, you know, Frank, that made me consent to do what I did that morning. I'm sure I tremble yet when I think how wrong and hazardous it was. Anybody might have come into the church.' ' Where's your wedding-ring. Daisy r' he asked : and it may as well be said that he had never told her somebody did come in. 'Here,' she answered, touching the bosom of her dress. ' It is always there, Frank.' I ' I have written to-day to a Mend of mine in Lon | don, Daisy, asking him if he knows of any good open | ing far me, or of any old practitioner in a first- class quarter who may be likely to want some younger man j to help him. I daresay I shall get an answer, with some news in it, in a day or two.' ' I daresay you will. Who is he, Frank r' ' A young fellow named Crisp, with the best heart in the world. He ? ' A sudden clutching of his arm by Daisy, just after they had turned in their walk ; a visible shrinking of her frame, as if she would hide herself behind him ; and a faint idea that he saw some slight movement of the foliage at the other end of the avenue, stopped Frank's further words. ' Did you see, Frank ?' she whispered. 'Did you see r' ' I fancied something stirred down yonder. What ; was it?' ' It was Tabitha. I am certain of it. I eaw her the j moment we fumed. She might have been watching us ever so long, all the way up the walk. Oh, Frank, what shall I do ? She will go in and tell , mamma.' ' Let her.' said Frank. 'The worst she can say is i that we were walking arm-in-arm and talking con I fidentially. I cannot think why you need be so fear I ful, Daisy. Your mother must know that we do meet , out here,' and tacitly sanction it. She used to know it, I and sanction it too.' Daisy sighed. Yes, she thought her mother might, at any rate, suspect , that they met. It was not so much that which Daisy feared. But the one private act she had been guilty of lay heavily on her con science ; and she was ever haunted with the dread that any fresh movement would lead to its betrayal. Saying good-night to each other, for it was growing late, Frank departed, and Daisy went in. Her mother was shut up in the drawing-room, and she went on straight to her sister's chamber. There an unpleasant scene awaited her. Lydia, not yet in bed — for she had refused to go, and had abused Tabitha for urging it — lay back still in the easy chair. Could looks have annihilated, Daisy would certainly have sunk from those cast on her by Lydia, as she entered. And then the storm began. Lydia reproached her in no measured terms, and with utter scorn of tone and manner, for the ' clandestine intimacy,' as she was pleased to call it, that she, Daisy, was carrying on with Frank Raynor. It appeared that after the candles were lighted, and Mrs. St. Clare had gone down, Lydia, declining to go to bed, and wanting to be amused, required Daisy to read to her again. Tabitha was sent in search of Daisy, and came back saying she could not find her anywhere : she was not ^own stairs, she was not in her chamber. ' ' Go and look in the garden, you stupid thing,' retorted Lydia : ' you know Miss Daisy's for ever out there.' Tabitha — who was a meek woman in demeanour, and took abuse humbly — went to the garden as directed, searched about, and at length came upon Miss Daisy in the avenue, pacing it on the arm of Mr. Raynor. Back 6he went, and reported it to Lydia. And now Lydia was reproaching her. ' To suffer yourself to meet that man clandestinely after night has fallen!' reiterated Lydia. 'And to stay out with him — and to hang upon his arm. You disgraceful girl ! And when, all the while, he does not care one jot for you ! He loves somebody else.' Daisy had received the tirade on herself in silence, but she fired up at this. ' You have* no right to say thai, Lydia,' she cried. ' Whether he loves me or not I shall not say, but at any rate he does not love any one else.' ' Yes, he does,' affirmed Lydia. ' He does not,' fired Daisy. ' If he does, who is it ?' ' Nobody in his own station — more shame to him ! It is that girl they call so beautiful — who lost her father. Rose — Rose — what's the name ? — Rosaline Bell. Frank Raynor loves her with his whole heart and soul.' ' Lydia, how dare you say such a thing ?' ' I don't say it. I only repeat it. Ask Trennach. It is known all about the place. They used to be always together — walking on the Bare Plain by night. The girl is gone away for a time ; and the gentleman, during her absence, amuses himself with you. Makes love to you to keep his hand in.' Daisy's heart turned sick and faint within her. Not at Lydia's supreme sarcasm, but at the hor rible conviction that there must be something in the tale. She remembered that past even ing at the dinner-table and the recollection came running into her mind like a barbed dart — when Sir Arthur Beauchamp and others were questioning Frank about this very girl and her beauty, and she — Daisy — had been struck with the emotion he betrayed; with his evidently shrinking manner, with the changing hue of his face. Did he in truth love this girl, Rosaline Bell ? — and was she so very beautiful ? ' How did you hear this, Lydia r ' asked Daisy, in a tone from which all spirit was quenched. 'I heard it from Tabitha. She knows about it.' You can ask her for yourself.' And Daisy did ask. As it chanced, the maid at that moment entered the room with some beef-tea for Lvdia ; and Daisy, suppressing her pride and her reticence, condescended to question her. Tabitha answered freely and readily, as if there were nothing in the subject to conceal, and with a palpable belief in its truth that told terribly upon Daisy. In fact the woman did herself implicitly believe it. Mr. Blase Pellet had once favoured her with his version of the story, and Tabitha never supposed that that version existed in Mr. Pellet's own suspicious imagination, and in that alone. 'I — don't think it can be true* Tabitha,' faltered poor Daisy, her heart beating 'wildly. ' She was not a lady.' ' It's true enough, Miss Margaret. Blase Pellet' wanted her for himself, but she'd have nothing to say to him — or to anybody else except Mr. Raynor. Pellet is related to' the Bells, and knew all about it. What he said to me was this : ' Raynor's after her for ever, day and night, and she worships the ground he treads on !' Those were his very words, Miss Mar garet ' Jh Margaret, turning hot and cold, and red and white, made her escape from the room and took refuge in her own. In that first moment of awakening, she felt as though her heart must burst with its bitter pain. Jealousy, baleful jealousy, had taken -possession of her ; and there is no other passion in this life that can prey upon our bosoms so relentlessly, or touch them with so keen a sting. 