THE DAVENPORT BROTHERS. Th's famous performance, intended ' to mystify and not to enlighten the public,' was repealed on Saturday night at the Port Ade laide Town Hall. The bodv of the bulldinr was about three parts filled, and the galleries crowded. As en the previous occasion a Committee was appointed to inspect, examine, and report to the audience, and consisted of the Rev. S. Green and Captain O'fialloran. The Davenport 3rothers, on appearing on the pl&tform;, were loudjy cheered. Mr. Green occupied five minutes in tying Mr. Ira Davenport, and Capt. O'Halloran four and a half minuts* with the brother, after which he assisted Mr. Green with Mr. Ira, and continued making fast the ropes for one minute beyond the time used by bis col league. The Committee having reported that the brothers were tied to their satisfaction, the articles in the cabinet, conruting of tambourines, guitar, bells, and violin, were put under the carpet. In dosing the doors the Captain was struck with a tambourine, and Mr. Green had a hat i ut over his head, which he stated seemed as if , it came_ from Mr. Ira, and it was equally certain that it had not, because his hands were tied. Two of three doors were fastened by the Committee, the third door being fastened from inside, and during an interval of three minutes thumping of musical instruments and the appearance of hands at an aperture in the cabinet occurred, after which the inmates were found in the same position. Mr. Green next went in, and was tied to the brothers in the following manner — his right hand was affixed to Mr. Ira's left shoulder, and his left to Mr. William's knees. On reappearing Mr. Green reported that during the minute of his incarceration hands touched his body and limbs. A tambourine was put around his neck; and on asking for it to be removed it was taken away. Bells rang and moved up and down. He did not feel tbe slightest motion on the part of Mr. Ira, but there wsb a alight muscular motion in the knee of Mr. William. He felt his watch taken out of the pocket, but it was returned. It was difficult to Bay how it was done. The doors being again closed, in rather less than a minute the brothers appeared unbound, and subse quently returned to the cabinet and were seen after a period of three minutes made fast with reef knots. The brothers did not use all the rope which had been left in the cabinet, but Captain O'Halloran reported that they were more secure than he had made them himself. He, wishing to enter the cabinet with the mediums, was accordingly tied to them by ropes in the usual manner. In about two ana a half minutes he was released at his own request, when bis appearance with a tambourine around his neck caused much merriment. He said:— ' Tbe lower regions are nothing to it Really, really ! Got the d ? 1 all over me. Won't get me there again. I don't know what pas3ed, 1 wanted to get out, and could not I won't go in there again for a trifle. There were hands all around me, and I got my hair and beard pulled.' The gentleman's statement, delivered with earnestness, was received with great laughter. A spoonful of Sour was then placed in the hands of the mediums, who were still tied, and they reappeared in about three minutes unbound, with the flour, which had evidently been tightly grasped, still in their hands. During an interval of ten minutes many of the audience took the opportunity of examining the cabinet for themselves, but failed to detect anything new concerning it. The dark eSance which followed was substantially the Bame as that of the previous night The rapidity with which Professor Fay, being found tied to the chair at the time of examination, threw off and put on his own and a stranger's coat was astounding. Captain O'Halloran challenged, amid laughter, ' the ghost to take the coat off his back,' but it is hardly necesaary to add that it was cot accepted. Eventually the brothers and Professor Fay appeared untied. In concluding the perfor mance Professor Fay said with regard to the agencies, they offered no theory. It was their business to present the performance for what it was worth, and they left each one to draw bis own conclusions. They were there not to en lighten, but to mystify the public. The brothers will viat Yorke'3 Peninsula during thfe week and make their first appearance in Adelaide on No vember 14. __^_^^^_^___ $5* Scocm)Rhusm.— Irresponsible speculators are again at work endeavouring to deceive the public with imported and domestic unmedicated drams, by representing them to be the same aa or equal to Udolfho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Bchnafps. The real article beara on its label the signature and address of the pro prietor, and its name is embossed oa the bottle. Ask for it and take bo other, $ i 