(aT Tin: AUmHOl ,I' "GATES AJAR:' True? Every syllable. l but I'll bet you a doughnut I can beat It; and all on tJf e+q?fir e, i sf sly;, S-which Is eloo; 4 iF . don',t amitaloe,`' thea you could take oath to. Not to say thatltAeiseverstretched tnylyarn,a : little on the fo'castle int my younger i days, like the r!!i sof'6tn; buio'Vhal I with living under" roofs so long pnst, I * and a call from;theo parson regular in ll strawberry, tin?ep, d having to do the 1 flogging consequent on the inakkeracies e of statement :follering on the growing up of 1i?,boys,as man learns to trim i his words a little, Tom, and no mistake. It's very much as it is withthe talk of 1 the sea growing strange to yofioitfl' y #g l gy don't now SImlzen-mnl Ierom a clhilih-c It was sonew r'e a ou1 wenty years ago last October, if I.recollect fair, that we were laying in for thiat - rtcular trip to Mnalagaoncnr I've - _whenth .seI was li.ke p ? iluch urqing, . brass, and the fo'castle as nigh ajheiL as qver ,fo'castJo wa in a calm; I've SQo tPGiulll ?lWi-i+t° lI e riiajfe~lli? tate, port with nigh about.- v ky sput gone and pumps goinag lWM tdItf<i?f;Air I've done it witha drunkln eaptaip_on starvation rations,--duff that a dog on lanud wouldn't have (?ried j??pJ; twi! teaspoonfuls of water to the day,--but leaded lr ' iýa''iShee I loh't ,As to remember any quite as distinct as this, .0)? ili1 ;-' 1 a We cleared from Long Wharf in the -" jF'bi Mi?altfin ,. ithhiek, they tellt'in? maltr?spITmLy,end. iprwetty. samp'it was; it was apt to give me that gentle I kind of feeling when.I spoke lt,+lirch is surprising wityep consideorwhat a dull old lul4.AIBw, nj4er ,ggi4 over ten knots, and oncertain at that. days y.t d , br nigthe in a little white apron, knitting--S-he was a very good.lookingq1.wpqsnt w a ay wife, in those days,'anid felt "Moll ," I used to say, sometimes,- _ " oli Madonna I" - clack to her needles,-pieased enough -h'-ugh, warrnlnt -you, And liirnip a d1 , r e hon s o... IJ!d5 d enoukhtiafhl iaa5iI g I ppAe S r i d, diIn' It 1I? teMWio ' f e rio igrest, 1 kliOi again i, didn't Iwi gli as you're likely to eild In the galloy o a tradgr As for our officerswihen I ay the .lessesaid of, thet ito elhtr, i! sin't so mich: that I. mean to,.be dis reapeetfitl as -that::I mean, to put it terideily "'Oflcbrt 'in the" mmrlehnt serv;iceespecIally if'ti hlppnis ?to be the African: service, are bi?ital l men quito as often as plrey 1in't at lenet, tbh'eastay experience; qpsl:; yaw n . oi Iy6ur1 grateLsblpoweuor itargu.~thel see sdh nms, [.uIaaeiseeItosay they hs bf nswoel l anbaLi-e ayls Thlt'e fiflaiff'lN'alt' I'vi ported for t uhe purpose a itt e i." irecek Irom Davy J,Jpes's·,ookg.ceyT hough they do say that the floggigu, '*eLty, mnel- dohel away!l 4ithb in her dtyb; whichh makes h.dlfferebsoe Sometl?ncd oh asouneihi| :iftternoon, whenhelitlititddy water'whdoi d a little db r thinuh ilutl, en account of the ploud"'thiingthep Oldue of" ilve·t, and the air thcb 'cidu ?'ili dio;'i en the ily btns .was -kaeokial.about..on the wharves, and the smells were strong from the flsh-houses, and the ien!nshoeted a d?the mlt srwore, and qqr rbabj ran £b?ut decnle .play with drl? tiiny (hb auetMunrIng little chlap with red stockings and bare knees, him), "Jake," his mother wouldt~iy, withiallittle sligh,-low, so that the eaptain never heard,-" think if it company tl it f lnat" r in Then she would drop her shining Aidles, and call the little fellow back sharp, and catch him up in her arms. Go Into the keeping-room there, Tom, pnd ask her all about it. Bless yoiflilfk'td~16a?rs haegy4ta~ý ck better thin I do. Shle could tell you at!'thil bnur; tha eelom'q9fmy shirt, and how long my hair was, and what I and e ,s a IQ I ooked1 anit whtt I when she was bonut. iWqll .*e peiglledt aong the last of the. 4eonth, .in. lretty good spirits. The Madonna was as stanch and seaworthy as any eight-hundred.tonner in the harbour, if site was clumsy; we tirned in; some sixteen of its or thers= nbottte,.into the fo'castlo.-ta jolly set, mostly old messmates, and well content with otno another; and the hreezo was stiff from the west, with ti fair sky. The night before we were off, Molly and I took a walk upon the wharves after supper. I carried tho baby. A ,l oy,:sitting on some'boxei, pulled my sleeve its we went by, and asked me, ;"'?F1pdunt.t fr, i syursel'" sail I, not, over-ploeasoet to heo tnerruptel. t":D'ot't Ie crnss to him," says Molly. The baby throw a kiss at the hoy,.n dI Molly sriled at him throngh ;the ifiCf .;'. Idot'tsnppesjer?it tldh ever have remembered thq lubbey from' i ta td tisti";pt'dpthh I liket the looks of Mlolly smiling at hi n through thq dark. ' My lfd' shatrdtImidztd iro byslilt next iporning in a.lttle sheltered plac ainciethldt I?liilfdi o the wharf; alt was one of your women who never like to do their crying before folks. ]o plnsh?? f.?on the pile of lumbet and sat down, a little flushed ant jl.hi ory, to wa!elt upr'lT i rI nejnmbet ifng her, thao'i, with? tte baby till w .were well down the channel. I re ieib?bereol;id ing the bay as it greos cleaner, anti thinking that I woullld bicak' off iweirtrig;' and ?!remembier cursing Bob Smart likoea,phltoe,withi In an hour. The breeze ehl steadlier than we'd looked forgaad we'dlandeo a good offinl aild'tscb?lecbttd $h pilot by nightfallr Mr. Whltmarsh-he wlas the mate Wf*iaft Wit.th 41 ptlp" ,Th?. bp lure singnin itl ; `th smell 'A197. coffe_ ars oomingr up,,hlpt and lhome1 llRe,' froa the glltidy, I wakhp in tht' maintop, I forget what for, when all 't 9 cqtlere came a cry and a shout; and, when I touched deck, I saw e7 d'p l'rouptlabe foer-hasp . . hi t Alolp i for ?" says 'Mr. Whitmarsh, coming up aut scowling. away I" said Bob, catching the oficer's tone i ?oelliiiuough Bodb l e( I' , r o ,;- ev, W' as anih of ,uswing·Yuway as I ,tlaltle, er m , in ia ls'e lpireop?'s.Vwa i? to'ht,'lhd Il8a beiockom thei or l ItYWlt the lawu t t a" or cii (!(Nifii, 4?I e'/ 0 . ao ?- ??hti , wit is jerk of tlhin a r on lf forehc. is-WaSny; antdt |teoasik, a l H, o I, eodo ~tlyep t 0n r- ii hore io goi:i-ashore,-miry-fino fell(w \--_meufl'm mate of thle MadonlI U t e .ic?the poor little Th na Isetsan; iiT T od tlehwn to lil uppcr. Titus urcn lautghi a little, tltetn tltby finish their song quite gay and well acquainted, with the coffee steaming away in the galley. Nobody has a word for the boy--blese you, no I . I'll ventire lieo w6ild'n't have:hnd'n maouthful that night if it had not been for me; and I can't say as I should have bothered myself about him, If it had not come across me sudden, swhaln he sat there rubbing his eyes quite *ioleIte ?wlthpbs fcitep[,pf tljs5e1wt'fard (ithe sun was setuiug reddish), tiatt lad seen the lad before; then I +emembered walking on the wharves, nil him ont the box a.i jolly saying oftly thait I was crLsai t*,l .i ti10J Seeing that my wife had smiled nt film, and my baby thrown a kiss at im, it went against me, you see, not look after the little rascal a bit that bight. S"But you've got no businesrdteres on know," said I; "nobody wants " I wish I was ashole!'lsaid lep: I wish I was ashoref"' i. With that he beiihs ,toiulb hlti dybhi to very violent that I Itopped. .There tias good stuff'in him trijo'ie rlich6bkeit ind winked at me, an4,jsld ,tts TllyupR about the sun on the water and a cold in the head, as well as I could myself Just about. .1 I don't know -whether it was on ac ount of being taken a little notice of lint night, but the lad always kind of hung about me afterwards; chased me round with his eyes in a way lie had, and did edd jobs for me without the asking. One night before the first week was out, he hauled alongside of me on the windlass. I was trying a now piip (and a very good one, too), so I didn't give him much notice f.i*'ji while. " You did this job up .l!phw, cent," saId I, by and by; "llow did you steei' in?"P'-for it tlisl.ot tcelfoe .tapp.n phbat; the Madonna got fairly oullt of pert with a boy unheknown in her hold. " Watch was drunk: I crawled down alhind the whisky. It was hot, yont bet, and dark. I lay and thought how hungry I was," says he. " Fi lends at home?" says I. Upon that heo .gves_ me a nod, very shlort, and gets np and" walks" off whistling. Tieo first Sunday out' that ~tlap didn't know ally ,nore what to do with Iimself than a lobster piut on to boil. Sunday's cleaning dity at sea yoqknow The lads washed tup, and sat 'rolnd, little knots of'them,' iending' their trounsrs. Bob got out his cards. Mo and a few males took it comfortable under the to'gallant fo'castle (I heing ont watch below), reoliig off the stiffeat yarns we Ihad in tow. iount lodkedt:on, tD:edlhre a ,awhlile, herie listened to us a while, then walked alshout oneasy. By and by says Bob, " Look over tltere,-spryl" and there was Kent. taittipgrcur etlt atyria _:. Ilap .nduler, the stern of the long.boat.. lie Ic;h a .bookl ;:lob orawlabehindlatald ntntelos it up, unbeknown, out of his hands; tliheo' he'%falid it6 laighlng?is'r 4iflAa wouli strangle, and gives the book a toss to me. It was a bit of Testament, "Kentucky Holtre, " frntm his Afeesbunste mother S"who pr F 7!" ( Ilt ay ,AlleJl 'ile boy turned llst redt, thlen wtlo, and straightened up quite sudden, but le never said a word, only sat down again, and let its laugh it out. I've lost my reckoning if he ever heard the last of it. lie told me one dhay how he' iaine'o 'y 'thoi nume; i t I;I ( lfrton exactly. Something about an old fellow-uncle, I believe-as'Ldite iil Kentucky, .it. thle namo w.as m iuiimo-like,-yo see. lib `ii~ed to iecm :Ltonutp,a 'sit alnlt It atfirsa jor, the 'lods took to it f~'amoint sly'; l.ut le got need to It in a week or two, and seeing as they meant him no unkind ness, took it quite cheery. -' ...... One thing I noticed was tllt,%-he never had tioe book about after that. lie fell into our -ways next Sunday moier easy. 1 :l - t t lhejy don't t??ti ble just 'tll, way you wolul,--Tom,--as a - general thing, sailola don't; thoujgh 1 will pay that 1 nevoesaw ltltheman at sea who dtlln't give it the creditof a n unlllm. mon gono yarn. But I tell yo~, Tom +Brown, I- felt perry for thtis syh ., lt's pu.nishýtpnt maybe,:.ts rolekhit gtl.:A traI?4', l ,i ing how to slush down a baek-stay, or -th'ttielpefutus:wit tfroa;in lhdgemrain al no un t hs worst. Bradley "geitlo itl his ttways, you mt'fly be so butlt Ie never therel was a, to M Wltmttshta al H ook llis espit. tnitl boiy from the frit; ot'd tl kopt t on a bengdf mtra of the laMdonnf, vrgntlang, just aboiut so. fclearund him to' his worst. Bradley- hat it' tile scon anI ma miha none too geinlled aIt Ills wayse , pntt may bo lri b lie never htf blind, ho wouldl to iI down and flog him till the cp'n inter. fered,-wlhich..would, happen eocasion-_ ally on a fair day when lie had taken just enough to be:good-natureylk He' soel to rackJilºs brains for thoe orjls he iluing at the boy working quiet enough beaide'him..-- - -.. It was odd, now, the talk he would tot . Bobir(reouldan,'ý l qre come lip o it tlhan T'couli't ,Itr ois d to try spometinres, but we had to give Itn '*ala?uJ,-IfflAcurses hTiid?beetnic marketable article, Whitmnrsh would 1 have takeli ii?tlhi pltidt vel: inadle his fortune by inventing of them, new tri ielnniotlM, /?Tihm he ustdet kck oitifia,'down_,t?ue 'fb'csdtle |naltler;-he usedt0.3o? k him, sie?j qr wellnas he woualdn't Iha? worked a dra oree;~lie used to chasoelimn all about deck at the I rope's end; :"obied to masth?eatl him for hours ot tlp ,stretclh; lie used to starve hitl out 'lb The hold;' it didn't come in my. liio,to b.0 iver- tiniler, but I turned sickat l ri4Tori, -horo titalm ikce, looking on helpless, and use a: greºt tbout tellow. . " r-einmmber now-don't knoW as I've thought, of it for twenty years - a ghi'ps~ McCallum said one night; M?cCaldhm was Seotch,-an old felloWM I with gray hi-ii;'tdld!thillst yarns on "i n'casrk aIww', teks.. t.ys ie, " Whnr, ob Whtmarsh's time comes to go Aeddigit'to hell as Jil;dMhit'lt bpy will, bring.-hjs sun? mone. Dead or alive, 'tait bye witl bring hisa mnmpn..!: - i : One day Frecollect pe?atl that the lad was .hell withll' fei( bn.:im, and took toi hias samdock. Whitmarsh drove hia oa-delk, and??.orerled. Jim aloft. I was standing neor by, trim ,due theýý il kel. Kentuckyp own. There was a rope's-end there, knotted threetlimea ?rhe mate,aetrpuelkhipn " I'm very weak, sir," says hie. ?'lRe, sti'?dk"hlm again.: :i?e,isitru'ck him twice more. The boy fell over a little, and lay wlere lie fell. ;I dqu't knoty what ailed me, but all f a siditlen 'I sdoomd to 'be :lyfg off Long, tY)islf./tvith tile cloluds the colo efaoi'r e- tilvl,hil 'tiii.i? tli6??oloul' I of goldl, and Molly in a white apron with her shiniltg ieedlosi and the, baby s-play in lis red stockilgs about thlie decek?-".:' " , ' : i ' ' "Think if It was him I" says she, or sho.lsecns to say,-" think if):it was hirnt !" Andtlie next I knew I'd let Blip my tongue in a jiffy, ant givinl it ti the mate thnt 'frious and onredpectful asI'll wager Whitmarah never got before. And the next I knew after that they 'had ry r botitmth~lt; e l?" said he, the tany before.they took 'em off. I '"VNo sit'," says IL'Anal I' never was. Kentucky never forgot thalint. I had helped him occasional in the beginning,-learned hiim.rogw ,to.ver and haul a brace, let go br belay a sihebtr,-but, let himi ,alone;rgqlarlljy speaking, andt went about my own business:. if'hat ireek in? irbas, meally. believe the lnad never forgot. "'6n&'i itio lt ý :·ifdI ' i "Sr t ytdirey night, ehd the mate had'been oncom mon furious that week-Kentucky ntnedl'gon hitiivery;,pale,and p!sw,v( was up in the mizzen-top, and heard t him quite distinct). .- imi,? i"i, "Mr. Whiitmarsh," save he,-"Mr. Vh i tu idl?1"Z. h'e di a' his, bteth Lin, -" l'll. Whitmarsh,"-three, tipep,---. "you've got the power and Yin know i It, u?nl so do the gentlemen who put ] yeo ihere;' JI7;l'a-oaniyf stb#i&way; boy, and things are all inl a tangle, but vP*fql be sorry:,yeT or qever. imeq you've laid your hn&idsin; me !" 'He Ibeun't! a, plcas nt look, about the I pyes either, when he said it. nyc's`,s, f that fiist niontii' ot.ithe M1eloipaI ;iad ,donq theO lad no pqold. le h?lu'a sunry, sullen waytiih himn, some'at lik,wlht I,'ve se~n; nsholt, a chainod clog. At the first, his talk had been- clean as, -my baby's, and lie syould. tltiphrlai..., ey1 .girl at Bobl Smatrt's strtiest bud 'Io' got used to Bob, atnd pretty good,in- time, at small swearing. t I' don't thiiik"' i ahotail ndt"' h'?o noticed iL.aso _much if t had not been for seeming to see Molly, pnnd the sun, aitl the knittihg- necilels, and thi cild ippn tha decl, anu h-earing of ji over, "Think if it was him!" i Sometimes on- a Snndiay night I used to thilk it was s, pity. Not that I was any tidttei- tl~ki tile ?htº 1899pýasf k.lleta married men are. nhyat s a .stadir their otwn an?tl ltiechildren hq t ema~s k :?l the itrigb.etlt i l m:,1 I, 'l /;i Sometimes, too, I used to take a hkn? yllt el. .'eould ,haverialdteod t a word from a parson, or a good brisk 0lklf iitdff,'lbd :tnklaknt'iittste*:b good part, Ayepr Is na lopg poll for ,'tii69.1lotd uie' beeta! '?tli witlh tahih 3 tOC..9, f114l to.il. , I Ion't set tip to poils myteo, bPi IJ't'iiho]t' "'toool and I knew that if wo'd hald so much as oneofficer aboard who feared God aned ."1-. Ii.t .dothbiusedents, we should have briee the better metl for it. with cayonei~ popper,'-h" iut' p~,lt'e yfn-.knowhit, If you Iatl your tlhips on thle sean by thil doeen~ibn'tld bethink you o: that ? Bllessyou, Tot If iyon were litn lomo yh'td -' ll'a"tlhteb Rontat or,: 1i:ii.tst hltuvoyottrleudgers, itild yonr erbell slia Lhiitelit, iiu nei"c''e stop te (iitbi. whother the lads that sailed your ships across thoe world had souls or not, ar.l be a good sort of man too, That's the way of the world. Take it easy, Tcm,-take it easy. , (To be continued.) 