We arerductanttycompelled to Tiold over the report of the laiit two days* police, and other matter. - A correspondent writing from Surat on the :28thOctober, says:—We are nearly dried up' here; no rain, no grass ^ country looking worse than ever. Thta^thiBiBthei>usy season there is mo one travelling, and consequently there is no bosiness doing. - There was a land sale held' herelast week, and a few lots-were sold-; if' the; . aeasonlhallbeea tietter I have mo doubt a large" •quantity oflsndwo^ld have been disposed .of. The bru^ very .-slowly, owing to She acaicaty bf grass, and con sequent diflicultyith&t; exists in .procuring teams to luu4^%eiam!bar. ' . We jn&y; congratulate oar St. Geoige%iriaidB on havingafter several abortive attempts, guo-1 ceeded ing>r6caring & weekly mail coach io their town. It-will«ran fromMsnibyiifc© SL George via Surat, and 'Sie Saot i4taft 4be contract has 3>?en taken fay Messnt. Hartiaand Co.is a suffi cient raaranteethatitwill be properly carried out.. Jfe43BU>beit Marian iis well known as a late Hotel-keeper' in this town, and was for many years in the employment of Messrs. Cobb and Co. The other partneras a gentleman who as thoroughly .acquainted with the management •of mail coach contracte,iuid ■the firm are ample the line will be conducted in « style that will give satisfaction to the travelling public bfi&edistriot.; Feedon theroad between "Roma and Con jdaminei^yeryjsaace ; in fact there is none; between Condajnine and Dalby several showers -of rain have fallen lately, and "the grass is still' tolerably geod. . Out its ithe.westfEhe state of ; the roadsare getting vwoise daily, said beyond Mitchell there islittiepr mo feed. Notwith standing the diffictdties each a season as the present must .create in- the way of providing dodder for a lajge number of horses, Cobb's coaches onlwthtlteChfuievifle and Dalby lines •.have foFmonths part kept very good time, generally -arriving at their destination within the 'contract limit. The Ime right through from £Dalby toCharleville is mow well honed,. and -although the expense of feeding horses en hay and corn is, on account «f the high irate of .carriage enormous it has. to be done on the many stages where grass is a thing of the past. Sub-Inspector Walter F. Cheeke, of the Native Police, has been in Roma during the last few days, organising a detachment of black troopers, with which he will re-open the Yo Yo Station, on the Warrego. He will take with him four black troopers from here, and expects to be be joined by others on reaching his destina tion. The following is 4;he notice referred to by ■our correspondent "Storekeeper," a copy of Tvhich has beenaddressed -to all" the lor warding -agents in Bslby:—" Gentlemen,—I have .the •hoHOT -i» 'i|iEorm...joa, liy order of -the traffic manager, that any'goods consigned to yourfup iave their goods JrtoreB free far periods varying irom two totfourteendays, will after the 1st proxuno be iiahle-to storage charges after twenty Sour houra, precisely the same as those consigned to Dalby residents. Touts. &c;„ Gkorge Hotton." ; ;; '' \ Anbtherdiywe^T^pass^ over as. The .-averavingabout 95° at noen,;hotwinds from the west have also prevailed, with tSlouds of dust. There is not theftlighteet appearance of the long ■wished forrain inanyportion ofthe district. The Distiict, CouH wileommence~its sitiuutiu Tloii&on; We&nesdaynwcfc;, the Sth instant. The St. Geoi^e District Court has been adjourned till * the 3.3th instant. In °«ur 3bs( issue' 'in tfhe aflvertkement con-! -ceming the Mother's Window in St. Paul's •Church, £6 was made to appear as .the sum paid tfor the election of "the window; it should have: %een £5. Inour Tambo letter it was stated 900 tons of wire was waiting for carriage; it ishouM'hftTObeen'SOtons. • ' • ' Mr. E. MfLarren, TentnloqmBt, &c.-;, wilF •give an entertainment in the Soma Theatre bn .this and .Mondfiy-evenings. ;j Thechar^'^ Mr. J. J. Arndell, of' stealing amob Of cattle from Messrs Fisher and. -■ Hill, whosenm j^oins thatofMr. Arndell,was heard at the St. George Peiice Court, onMjonday last, beforeftfuUBenclL T^jpaseexcited greait in terest inSL-C^rgeS*!^^ districts. WeanSenia&d;^^AfC^^o^ of evidence wcs ^ven both for &e;^rosecufilen;and on behalf -of "the prisoner. Me. Salmond, of this town, who was specially ^retained in the, case, appeared for the pmonei:.' The Bench after consideration, discharged the "prisoner. We shall give a full; TOpori-irf^BuB^mportaPt case in our next issue; We beg-tb acknowledge the receipt from. Mess rs: « =Gordon 'and -Gotch-^f« «opy of "" Slater's Queens-, land Almanac for 3.877." This issue is a decided improvement on 4hflBe of previous years, and sup-. plies very -complete information of a useful kind to. 'the public. The jtinCTpal contents- are a calendar events ;, farm, field*. And garden calendar; a diary £or eacii inbiiQi5 ajsVetch of the colony ; an •official diredOTytheprineipai tftations an<' nearest posttownB ; pori^inoney erder, and -telegraphic anifornjlj^m^ tew -qflflndw, etastemB tariff etatap -dntie^ iaxd xeady reckoner. £ coloured ma^ of 'Queensland as alio given. Ste-the whole, at is a •goodcheap «Tnstmeni, aliilliiig ■ ' jpresentLiberal (^yetafeeiifcia being sorely tried at thiBmoment. TbeGo ^eminent *re said on good ■^iniJiotjijrib have imdBre«nsiderati the Son: JameB Ta^or, to »areb«se 70,000 acres of lanA on Cecil Plainsnrafersbesamef £70,00d«ash. Tiie'IV^Miwer ^TOnM be gln& ie get hold of this imposing amount, and probably ihe temptation "wonlAbe iWo^erpewemig eiie.butTerthe fact that selling 70,000acres of tbe public estate to one person ■witbontcompetition,w«nldbein4iract «ontraren "tion oE the most "liberal" land law crer placed upon •a colonial statute book.—Capricernian. Soon^BEi^H.—Ixt^ponaible speculators are again at work endeayannng to deceive -the public wii&imporfce; by rapreseniiiig them to be the same as or eqiiial io UuotPHo Wolfe's Schiedam Aeohatic £ Ahe signature and address of tbe proprietor, and its name ia embossed on the bottle.^ Aak for it auul take no ofiiDE. _ V ' Mr.'-W, H. Walsh for; the iirformation communi cated %jr -wire from Iformanton, that Mr. Hod^kia Bon SnJbiB joumeywuth-west of - Gloncurry traced; the IMamantina into lake Eyre. It is probable that the E verton Ksver and Burke Creek'are iden tical with whatis aowdiBcovered to. )>e the Dia roantiina, Keferking to Mn Hod^kinsou's telegram to the Colonial Secretary, we find that he reports having traced il^ fflper. to the South, Australian. boundary, and onwards to the 27th parallel of lati tude. . The northernmost point of Lake Erie is in about 37° 20" S. latitude, and 130° .iL longitude ; the distance of this lake from the Queensland boundary is rather over 100 miles in a -south by "west direction, and from Brisbane it is 1000 miles in a straight Uhe to the -westward. The telegram received by Mr; Walsh mentions the discovery of .a large extent of splendid country, but no intimation has come to hand as to its exact locality.- In iiis official telegram Mr. ELodgkinsoa «aya 4hat the whole course of the Diamantina was thoroughly examined, and on the return journey, the western boundary of Queensland was traversed with diverge- ■' ing east and west, establishing a connexion be tween the farthest ^point rei^hed by Compton Stuart in 1846, mnd 4he extreme -southern point attained by Lanilsbarengh. ' Then he says - the Herbert. Biver {which 4akes its rise, a few miles inside the Qtie^laud boundary, in 17° 30^ south latitude /passes the bor&erand; after winning a short distance in South Australian territory, re-enters Queensland, and forms one «f -the principal heads of ja large river -which he Jias named the Mulligan, and. which flow® .through Queensland territory to the • 26th parallel of latitude. The' country is superior to the Diamantina." The precise import. of this statement is not very easy to determine. Before intelligence came of the farther exploration of the Diamantina Hiver, the compari here made seemed to have reference to -the «pler. country westward of -the Thompson, popularly known as the Diamantina; hut it will now hear a different interpretation, to *the -effect that the country along the course of the Mulligan is superior to that along the newly-discovered continuation of the Diamantii a. ■. "The country V—" presumably thecountry drained by the Madigah—is superior -to the Diamantina, and possesses fine lakes and an abundant supply of salt-bush and good herbage, and is flanked on its western side by a sandstone range, named after his Excellency Governor Cairns." The Courier saysA- telegram informs xis that the proprietors of \Tke Gympie Times liave com menced an action for libel against the proprietor of The MaryboroughChronicle. We have looked up the libel alleged, laiuch.wediacl iseentained in the letter 4>f dfe&ympieeerreependeBtt.;«f The Chronicle. Itis very gross and very personal to the editor and part proprietor of The Times. But it is so obvi ously false rthat we think that gentleman could well afford to laugh at it. We are disposed to think that its insertion in The Chronicle musthave been pure mischance, andthat the proprietary of that journal very much regret its appearance and ■would be prepared to say as much. Without any desire to officiously meddle in other people's busi ness, -we would like to euggest that The Chronicle should apologise, and The Times accept the amende. We have iio doubt that the editors of both papers have quite enough to do 'without running a law suit, especially a libel case, and we think it would be a pity that they should set the public so fodlish an example. ' There is very little about the office of Chairman of Committees of ; the Legislative Assembly, barring the salary, which I .should yearn for. In the first place, although the Chairman is virtually the De puty-Speaker, he never, can maintain his dignity like the Speaker can. The members won't let him. I-cannot say how it is, but a most noticeable change Comes over the -tone and deportment of hen. mem bers directly the House resolves itself into a Com mittee of the Whole, and if a- Chairman of Com mittees possessed » fifty-speaker power of dignity, he wouldn't maintain it inthe chair for half-an-hour. When the House is: in speak as often as/theyjikei, and raiaaiy of them like to speak very often indeed. The most inveterate speakers in committee soon lose their tempers,' and begin to abuse somebody,^and thensomebody takes up the quarrel, and themajority present go in for a,general shindy and " make a mght of it." The Chairman of. Committees;.has to sit it through, without the ghost of a chance of joining in the scrimmage—and which cannot ljut "be very trying to an Irishman, abovo all -ofckor—men—-Tiue_ only, relief from the irritating monotony is a gentle slumber, and now the Railway Reserves Bill is through there is litte chance of that again this session.—" Bohemian " in the Week. The public official trial of the new FairEe "biigie locomotive on the Southern and Western Railway yesterday was an undoubted success. The engine took a train Of twenty-two trucks and.' carriages, weighing altogether 120 tons, over the little Liver pool Ban^e between Graadcheefceranl Laidley, step ping at tne forty-five:mile peg at .the commence ment of an incline »f Iffc. in 50 in order to show how easily she «onld start again. The maximum load which other engines take over the .same part of the line is about eighty tons. The trial proper was over the range, a distance ef four miles, which was accomplished in twenty-five minutes, including a stoppage of five minutes. Owing to some misunder standing, the competition which had been an nounced between the Fairlie and an -ordinary locomotive did not take place. .Not one of the Ministers and only a few members of the Legisla ture were present. After returning to Grandchester an excellent luncheon; provided by Mr. F. Whifce houBe.«f Ipswich, was partaken of bythe invited guests.' In the course of the speeches which fol-. lowed, the railway officials present expressed a very favourable opinion of the engine, stating tlut if the principle on which it is constructed were scl -pte J it would , enable item to snake railway lines at less than two-thirds; of their present cost. „T*w V->lun teer Band was also'.present, and . added iii'ich ito the enjoyment of the day. —QueeiUbj.id Cities. It is not often that we are able to agree with, the Toowoomba Chronicle, but wa fully endorse, the following remarks which appeared in a late issue of that Journal:—"Wi iu-vesilit before, and now reiterate'it, that ference with the * land laws of this colony, bn« materially retarded settlement, and positively driven both men and <; ipital into New South Wales. Ill the'sister oniony, a Land .Bill was passed in 1869, aad'H retn-ined in force, without amendment, Hfttii I ST5, whena few amendments rendered necess xry uy the decisions in law courts, was embodied Ll a *h«ri amending Act. In all other respaohs, cseept a few concessions to free selectors, i:»; iirst Land Bill has remained in tact. In Queensland, in the same interval of time, wkas, kare we done with ear land laws ? In 1SS0, tfce first Land Bill was passed—in 1863, an Agricultural Reserves Act waa passed—in 1866, we had the Leasing Act, and the Selectors' Relief Bill—in 1868, we had a repeal of all the previous Acts and a general Act 'applying to ail the waste lands of th& Grown —in 1839* the. Pastoral Leases Act—in 1872, the Homestead Act—in 1875, smother Homestead Act, and the Western Railway Act^ and aow, in 1876, we have a Railway Reserves Act, a Pastoral Leases Act, and a Crown Lauds Alienation Act—in all in twelve years sixteen acts ideating with the lands of the colony. The result has been -con fusion, complication,1-expensive lawsuits, and a general want of confidence on the part of capi talists and selectors in the stability of the land laws of the colony. We have driven. away hun dreds of men with capital and enterprise who have gone and are still going, into New South Wales, where they can not only get areas suitable to their means and their requirements, but where they have the satisfaction of knowing that the Legislature will not readily disturb their tenure ®r harass them with burdeasunie restric tions." KEROSINE A JM5J£E3?Y TOB 5CAl,T>TNT thirteen menthseld, san«fMr. T. Waters, Hiekey's Greek '(relates tit Maclea# Herald,), fell backwards into a «aasp oven partially filled with water tbat. had jafit been taken l>e3iug from the fire. /The pareEtc, 'of eeurse. took off iis clethea with all speed, hardly knosong what Co apply as a Terueiy for snch a tesrible.scalding. A iiot-ilc .of iejvsiiue being .at baud, they thoroughly saturated the parts sesided "with that oil, and, strange to say, the child soon appeared relieved, and the follo-A-ing tl-.iy, although the skin commenced to peel, did not aiim to be in any pain or any the worse for it, tlii oil apparently* having taken all . the Hie out of the system. 