NEWS OF THE DAY. J By bur' Sydney telegram, it will be seen that some doubts still exist in . New South Wales as - to the freedom, of ' our sheep from scab, and that . quarantine sta tions will be eatabliehed. : It will alao be seen that as the New South Wales Go vernment' decline to vote anything for the entertainment of tho Victorian Intercolonial Rifle Match team, \ it is probable that the match will not take place. . Some few months ngo we gave the jarticu- lars'of a contemplated action for breach of promise of marriage, between a Melbourne barmaid, arid an up-conn'ry attorney, in wbich the former would - seek for £600 damages, as a salve to her blighted hopes and unreciprocated affeotion, The matter has at last, vre learn, been amies bly settled without the ububI reconrse being had to the matrimonial court, -by the lawyers paying the fair votary of Bacchus £100 in hard caBh , In all probability the attorney will be more cautious in his overtures to the fair sex in tho future, Messrs W. -H. Glen and Co., music-pub- Ushers, have forwarded to ub copies of a new eong they have just published, entitled The Breeze comes Sweet from Heaven," composed expressly for, and sung by Miss Emelie Melville, in the two last perfor mances of Girofle-Giroflaatthe Opera House, when it- was acknowledged to be the heat song Signor Zelman has ever written. Miss Melville has sung thiB charming song at Geelong, Ballarat, and Sandhurst, on her farewell country tonr. ----- - Executing a warrant of ejectment is some times a matter of no little difficulty, and this waB found to be the ease a dBy or .two ago, by Constables Armstrong 1 and Moore, when they proceeded, under warrant, to take possession of premises in Crombie lane off Little Bourke street west, occupied by one William Diggs, When the policemen went to put him out of the house, Diggs kicked them with heavy plated, boots, .which he wore- at the time, and became altogether so .violent that ho had to be handcuffed and roped, and he was then taken to tho lock-np on a charge of assaulting the police in the execution of .their duty.' The bench sent the man to gaol for two months with hard labor, Dr Yonl held an inqneBt at the Mel bourne Hospital, to-day on the body of Mat- hum Toohill, a, bailiff, who had been brought to the hospital insensible, and who died the same day. The medical evidence showed that the body, was in a thoroughly, disor ganised state, through excessive .drinking. The causa :of death 'was hemorrhage in the 'stomach, from drink. Verdict accord ingly. ' . - At the instance of the Minister of Public Instruction, Mr T. P. Hill, the well-known ; elocutionist, has beCn engaged by the'Edaca- tion department to give lectures on, and lessons in, the aft of elocution to the teachers and pupil .teachers of the State Bchools. The first two lecturCB were delivered this morning at the institution in .Spring .street. The attendance of teachers was large, while that of the pupil teachers, the .majority of whom ; belonged to the gontler sex, was sufficient to ! occupy every available seat. Hav- ring; been, introduced by tho In- 'spector-General, Mr1 Brown, . Hill, at once. commenced with his work, ' . The sub ject of the locturo was, " The Physiology . of the: Hnmun V.oioe, and the Strnoturo and Mechanism of - the, Organs of Speech," Throughout the lectures, Mr Hill was listened to with the most marked attention, and it wasclearfrom tho manner in whioh. his ; remarks were received, that he bad succeeded in producing a very favorable impression. These leeturoB will be delivered weekly, on Saturdays, between the hours of 10 and 12 ,p.m. -i . The only oase of interest at the Emerald 'Hill PoliceCourt to-day, was ; that of Cooke V Whipp,' in which plaintiff sued defendant for £20, as' per agreement/ At, the rate of;£l per day, while remaining in possession of the stock-in-trade 'of f plain titfV father-in- law. The benoh bUgf ' opinion ' that Cooke had folly proved his claim, made an order for amount thereof gth,£l 6sco8ta." The totnl amount of c fifWb|ckgrpMa?ht the Custom Housothls"! day -wa, £12QG 6s 8d. ! f I1 :'N A meeting or the- friends qf the - late Mr Mathew Bolgrir wm held at the Auotlon Mart of Messrs tWriaver' and Co:, Swan Street, on Wednesday evening, the 9th inat. About forty gentlemen were present.- Mr T, E, Weaver having'been voted to the chair, briefly explained the object of the meeting, which- wns for tho purposa- of initiating measnres to raise a subscriptiori fund for the widow and children of the late Mathew Bolgcr, and expressed his deep sympathy with them in— their- sad bereavement, a eentiment which' those present'heartily eh" domed. An -influential committee was formed, Messrs Hugh HigginB and John King kihdly undertaking to perforin the -- duties of hon. sec. arid treasurer respectively, and the following gentlemen took charge of subscrip tion lists Messrs King, Stephen, C, J. Smith, Brown, Kavanngh. Hancock, Savage, Campbell, Bray, Dewan, J. O. Smith, Dines. Salisbury, Ryan, and Weaver. Thf ssexpreised a hope that theywoutd be able to make_ a good report at tho next meeting. . The chair man announced that he had received letters from Messrs A. _E._Butler and Madden, en- 'closing donations of £1 Is each, and expens ing the sympathy of the donore. A subscrip tion liet was then opened in the room when the very handsome' sum of £24 4b 6d was contributed. The meeting then adjourned until Tuesday evening, at nine o'clock. We believe it is the intention of tho commitU e to devote the fund to the purchase of a small freehold, as being the most acceptable form in which to.asBist the family. .The next meeting will he held at the same place on Tuesday evening-next, at nine o'clock. The police at Prahran require an owner for a very handsome silver-mounted meerB- schnnm pipe, whioh waa found in the pos session of two boys, rag-gatberers. The cul prits were brought np at the local police court on Thursday, and remanded nntil Mon day. At the Richmond Police Court to-day, Laura West summoned Riohard Henely for £3 18s, for rent. The debt not being dis puted, the bench made an order for the amonnt, with 7a fid costs. At the Richmond Police Court this morn ing, Alice Maekenwitb, of the Flinders Lane tragedy notoriety, was charged with stealing the sum of £3 6b from the person of a young foreigner, named John Dnchin, on the even ing of the 10th inst. The prosecutor vUited the prisoner's house on the evening in ques tion, when the alleged robbery was perpetra ted. The prisoner indignantly repudiated the charge, and very adroitly cross-examined tho prosoontor at considerable length. Five shillings and sixpence was all that was re covered, and there appeared considerable doubt aB to whether, the prosecutor possessed more -tban-that-amount -at- the-time— he- visited the accused's houBe; and. the bench, after admonishing him upon the indiscre tion of hiri -conduht, gave the! prisoner' the benefit o(the doubt, and dismissed the case. The prisoner,' it may be said, is the woman whose ' husband blew'' his brains out in Flinders Lane, and who afterwards attempted , to commit suicide herpqlf. 1 ' ' , .'Another old colonist; has passed away, (sayB tho Geelong Advertiser). Mr J. W. Sparrow, who for many years has: been identified with Geblong,' waa found dead yesterday under ' wmewhat distressing circumstances. On, Thursday evening he had tea with his family, and was apparently in excellent health. At half- past ten he pnt on his hat, and told those who were in the room with him that h'o was going out to look after some calves, which were in a paddock some distance from the house, in the vioinity of the New Cemetery. He left, and as he did not retnrn at a late hoar, some members or tbo family went ont to iook ror him, but could not find him. As he some times stopped ont of a night, Mb absence did not create that anxiety which under other circnmBtanccB it might have done. However, in the morning, abont 10.30, a man named JameB Lynch was passing through the pad dock to which Mr Sparrow had expressed his intention of going, .When he noticed a man lying face downwards on the . grass, seme distance away, On proceeding to the spst, he found that it was the missing man, to all appearances dead. However, to see if anything could be done, -Pr Day was im mediately sect for, baton viewing the body, ho pronounced life extinct, Tho aewsof Mr ' Sparrow's decease will be received with re gret by many. He was S great supporter of the turf, and conld follow the hounds any where, The hopes of farmers with respect to the invention of a workable reaping and binding machine are in a fair way of being satisfied (Bays the Geelong Advertiser). For nearly fifteen years Mr James Ferrier, a farmer residing at Coleraine,, has been engaged in making models of riiachines calculated to do the work required, After many failures, and also improvements on likely machines, Mr Ferrier has succeeded in getting one of his models to do the whole of the work by itself. The model is now in the hands of Messrs Humble and Co., of the Vulcan foundry, Little Malop street, who are con-, structing the reaper arid binder, which will be publicly teBted in abont a month's time. This new agricultural implement will not be any larger than a two-horse reaper. It will be like the ordinary ' reaping machine in appearance, the self-aoting machinery will be fitted on one side, a spindle will drive the knives, and the corn will pass over a table and fail in another plage where it will re main nntll the binder is full, and then by the action of a spindle it; will be tied, passed along the back of the machine, and fall on to the ground in the rear. The condemned criminal , Jim Ashe was visited on Friday afternoon (says the Bal larat Star), by the Bishop of Ballaifat and Mr Yeatman, the chaplain,' He apparently is not milch affected by1 the knowledge that on the 21st of this month ..he' will be hnng, nnd converses with his visitors very little. The last tenant of the cell ,Ashe occupies was the negro Wallace, hung about two years ago, for much the aame offence as that for which Ashe is to suffer. ' " Mr Varley informs us," states the Border Watch, " that eight of the immigrants' by tho ship Lightning, who camo'from Adelaid, under an engagement to work at the drainB near Millicant, arrived at'Mogrit Gambler on Tuesday last. They reported ihat they had been dismissed by the contractors for in ability to do the work. They were J utterly penniless, some of them, without even a blanket. Most of the'm 'were weak and depressed from want or insufficiency of pro per food, Mr Varley, as Secretary of the Auxiliary Destitute Board, found board aed lodging for them at Barrett's for two days and nights, nnd on Thursday .morning, gave each blankets, and sent fjhoip'' to look ' for work. Three have found employment., . One — a schoolmaster— cannot do |iard manual ; labor. They are mostly yonrig ineri. .They complain that they were misled. as to' the : character of the work thejr wpre coming .The S. A. Adyertisor writes:— The Bnnyip again.— The Port Pirie. Gazette ef 4tn August states that Mr Hagen,"a resident at Crystal Brook, informed that paper, that a peculiar-looking animal— blapt and covered with hair— has been seen jri'!ine .Warra Warra Watorholc, near thefoWnejiip named, and that various communicMtoqe haye passed between the local schoolmaster, and the Government, enquiring as to. the existence, in Australia of such an animal as described. Tho end of the matter was that the .Govern ment offered a reward of £60 for the cap ture of , the fabled animal, allvo or-Sead. The Grant correspondent of the Gippsland Mercnry writes The past week will belong remembered fqr having given pe"6ar heaviest snow storm, the country for miles ronnd being invested with an Inverness- cape (" mantle" is nri name for it) of dnd'w/ from three to five feet thick, -that to ns is franght; with mrich discomfort and inconvenience, bnt whic.no docbt wonld ' be niuoh nppre-1 dated by some " brew folk fresh free Scot land," as being highly snggestive of their own " bonnie hills." Well, it is rather nice and rather picturesque to see " the untrod den snow" from a comfortable warm room, and a vast amount of sentiment can be indulged in on such auspicious occasions, but when it comes to the stern reality of having to plongh your way through such a thickness of the beautiful crystals, a consid erable amount of tho sentimental gets frozen up. Wo have all had to shovel tracks to and from eachothore' houses, 6o that Grant streets 'present' now the nppoaranco of being.tre- versed with sundry miniature railway cut tings and mininture Mngbyjnnctipns.'. Snow may be seen below the first catting from Grant, being a' much: lower altitude than, usual. The HarrietvillemaUman has had to put up with Borne rather rough times in con- sequence of this heavy fall, he Holog dne here on Batnrday at 4 p.m., bnt was uaable to reach until Tuesday . at 3 p.m. Mr' .Grimsly, tho mail contractor, reports snow ,as averaging over five feet on the plaius;'even at Harrietville there were .eighteen incheB, being by far the heaviest fall ex-7 perienccd there for the past eighteen years.! On both sites of the divide bet experienced -much difficulty in pushing' through; the horses, had to be turned back at ene stage, it taking hiiiP eleven hours to make seven -'- miles.1 Mcsbts John and Jas. Connolly have jost . returned from a trip to the Morocco river, via Castletop, where they had'to pnsh their horses through four feet of snow, for a distance of ten miles, the snow lying as low as tho river banks. . To Aro, New Zealand, has been visited lately by a musical ghost (says' the Welling--' ton Post). . The residents in ceftajn house, - which need riot be specified, gradually became aware that at regular intervals, but especially, during the nights, strains of unearthly mnsic, ' . srift and ghostly in character, proceeded from, the family pianoforte. At first it was taken -for granted that of course it must he the work of that evil grains: in- all servant- keeping establishments — the cat. . By degrees, however, it was -impossible to asso ciate those weird strains with the prancing of pubs upon the keys, and it was Btill more difficult i to nnderstand how that .domestic animal could open the instrument, execute ah unearthly fantasia, close the lid, and vanish directly any one entered the room, as' must have been the case, for immediately .the door opened the., music ceased, and the piano invariably wasiound . shut. At last Mr Paterfamilias resolved tq« solve the mystery,- and remained on -guard,' keeping strict 1 silence, and closely wqtohiug 1 the open key-board. At ,last the'-qsrials "fairy like music" was tv -if tied from the in-, strnment, although no mortal or feline per-1 former touohed the keys.) . Horror seized him1 arid he fled 1 Clearly the pianoforte was a , medium used by soine unquiet spirit haunting _ the premises, and the family resolved at once to quit tho unhallowed spot. Daylight, however, inspired them with boldness to look inside the piano, where some very livelyyoung mice were found exercising their limbs on the wires. . -ilT We notice that Mr St. Caw's new march, " The Night Watch is corning into favor able notice, and that it is going off very well. The march is very dramatic in composition, and contains several' bold .and stirring movo- m'snts.l A:now quadrille by Mr St. Caws is shortly to be published; . ' . . « There was. a fair .house' at St. George's11 Hall'last, night, to witness the, nnmeronsq "magical mysteries" of that learned professor 6f the art of diablerie, Dr Silvester., The ghost illusions are extremely well managed. \- At tho Opera Honse last night, Mr.Eanhet'v had a fine audience, and his songs and dances were received with great favor."' Jan, the New German, will shortly be produced."',, , There was a grand, honse at the Theatre' Roval last nieht. standing room being at a premium. Shakespeare, nrider the anspiceB of Mrs Scott-Siddons, proves a great draw, as, indeed, he ever will prove, when pro perly presented. The Melbourne publio owe a debt of gratitude to this lady for present ing them with an entertainment whioh can .be witnessed by the most refined with pleasure and benefit, . His Excolleney the Governor, and' Lady Bowen; will visit the Theatre RoyalJ to-night. The performance has not' been announced as nnder the patron age of his Excellency, although Mr Thatcher, Mrs Scott-Siddons' private' secretary, wa»<- motified of the intended visit some days ago by .Major Pitt. The management have- exercised a wisa diecrotion,' as the. seats have', been let in advance, and; any announcement " of the intention of ..the Governor wonld have :> led to '.some inconvenience arid disappoirit- " inent; . ..... . V. At a meeting, held at the Old Lincoln Inn, Qneensherrr street. Carlton, of the OUve Branch . Lodge No. fi C.AAD, onWeaneidaT, 9th Angnst, PP. Bro. H.Sehlam presented P. a. Bro. John Steel with a handsomely framed P. A. certificate, granted by the lodge in recognition of his services ,, in connection therewith daring his occupancy off; the chair the past six months. In doing so, he 1 spoke in an eulogistic manner of the ability, and "' energy displayed by him daring his member ship. The recipient replied, thanking the brothers in s feeling manner for tho flattering remarks paid him, and trusted ha might live , long to merit tho continuance of their good wishes. 