XXV.-MAN'S AWE OF THE UNKNOWN. SINCE all that puzzles the savage puzzles us, we can feel with him when he speaks of the soul as breath, of dreams as real, and in hushed voice, of good and bad spirits around. To this day we have not, nor doM it Mem likely we ever can lure, any clear idea about the souL We have a vague notion that at deah H lea Tea the body ai a tort of filmy thing or shadow or vapor. English,.ChineM, and Indians alike will keep some door or window opea through which the departing soul may leave, and it is a German laying that a door should not be slammed lest a soul be pinched in it! And onr dreams, which so many believe in as bringing faithful messages of joy and sorrow, seem to us so real and " true while they last." Even in the most foolish and baseless stories which are told about bells rung in haunted houses, and ghosts with sheeted arms in church yards, there is, remember, a witness to the awe in which man, both civilised and savage, in every age and place, holds the unseen. For all that science tells us about the creatures that teemin a drop of water and in the little bodies that course with our blood, brings us no nearer the great mystery of life The more powerful the microscopes we use, the more wonders—as we might rightly expect—do we see ; but life Utdf bo glass will ever show us, and the soul of man no finger will.ever touch.' God has given to man a mind, that is, power to think and reason and remember, and with it time, plaoe, and wish to use the gift He, la the words of a great poet, " wraps man in dark ness and makes him ever long for light." As that which costs little is valued little, man would not have cared, had much knowledge been granted him at first, to strive after more ; but because he knows little, yet feels that he has til* power to learn muoh, he uses the power in gain ing increase of wisdom, and knowledge, till he feels the truth of those very old words which say of wisdom, "She is more precious than rubies, and all the things thou canst desire ate not to be compared unt* her." . ! 