Telegraphic. REUTER'S TELEGRAMS TO ASSOCIATED PRESS. [BY SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.] England. THE ARCTIC EXPEDITION. Bombay, November i. The Arctic Expedition, under the commando! Captain G. S. Nares, has returned to Portsmouth. The progress of the vessels when within 450 miles of the North Pole?the furthest point yet reached by any previous expedition?was stopped by large and impenetrable masses of packed ice. THE WAR IN THE EAST. Bombay, November 4.. An. armistice and suspension of hostilities between Turkey and Servia for a period of two months has been ni ranged at the Conference of the European Powers at Constantinople. ? Cooktown. [prom our own CORRESPONDENT.] November 18. Judge Hirst opened the sittings of the District Court yesterday, and closing the business last evening, was a passenger for Townsville by the Florence Irving. The following cases were tried :- R. H. Camp- bell, obtaining money under false pretences, sen- tenced to nine months' imprisonment; Francis Schmidt, same charge, to six months' imprison- ment; Theresa Kennard, robbery, eighteen months' imprisonment; Ah Fat, highway robbery, two years' hard labor ; Thomas West, burglary, two years' imprisonment; Richard Bradley, horse stealing, two years ; Frederick Thompson and Joseph M'Guinness, for the same charge, found " Not guilty ;" and Min Chang, for larceny, re- ceived eighteen months' imprisonment. The two prisoners, Gibson and Lovatt, for murder, and a woman charged with manslaughter, were sent from Rockhampton by the Florence Irving, s., in mistake, and there was no accommodation in the police cells for them. The Florence Irving, s., left for Brisbaue and Sydney this evening at seven o'clock, taking 1500 ounces of gold. A crushing machine of five stampers was landed yesterday. The revenue of the port, from November 1 to 18, amounts to £4850. Several refreshing showers of rain have fallen, and the grass is quite green. The market is glutted with maize, aud holders are selling at a loss. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] November 18. ? A steamer, intended for the pilot service, was launched from Mort's ship building establish- ment to-day. In consequence of tho scarcity of carriage at Inverell, it has boon resolved to form a Carrying Company, as immense quantities of tin and wool are awaiting transit to port. The Deputy-Surveyor has- been despatched to Lord Howe's Island to enquire into the condition of the residents, who are reported to be in n very destitute state. Sailed : City o£ Brisbauo, s., for Brisbane. Adelaide. ' [australian associated tress.] November 18. The cricket match was resumed to-day, thc South Australian team again going to the wickets. The weather was dull nud threatening rain, but the attendance was equal to that of yesterday. South Australians.?Second Innings. Joyner, b. Shaw ... ... ... ...2 Gordon, c. Jupp, b. Emmett... 5 Ayres, b. Shaw ... ... ... 0 Langley, b. Shaw ... ... 1 Wallace, b. Emmett ... ... 6 Gibbs, l.b.w. ... ... .... 0 Millard, c. Charlwood, b. Emmett ... ... 1 Morcomb, b. Emmett ... .... ... 0 Whitredge, c. Pooley, b. Shaw ... . ... 4 Phillips, c. Shaw, b. Emmett .... ... 0 King, runout. ... ... ... 0 Gooden, stumped Pooley ... ... 9 28 [The remainder of the score was not trans- mitted.] " A Suitereh," writing from Enoggera,- com- plains that pnpers and books sent to him through the Post Office wero not received by him, aud that on enquiry ho was told they were destroyed if not claimed within six weeks. A meeting- of the council of the National Association will bo held in tho lecture-room ot j the museum to-morrow afternoon, at two o'clock. The business consists in tho election of a secrc tary, aud the consideration of other matters. An accident, by which a mau, whose name wo wero unable to learn, sustained. a very severe injury, occurred in Elizabeth-street last evening. He was riding along the street, and when about opposite Mr. Hunter's boot factory, tho horse tripped over an unevenness in the roadway, caused by the sewer lately exenvated there, and fell, rolling over his rider. The man was picked up in a stato of insensibility, and sent to the ^ hospital by Sergeant Driscoll, where it was \ found that he had sustained a concussion of the braiu aud other serious injuries. The traffic earnings bf the Southern and 'Wes- tern Railway for the week ending November ll, are as follow :?Passenger fares, £l050'ls. Od.; goods and live stock, £2232 -ls. Sd. ; parcels and miscellaneous, £54 11s. Gd.; total, £3330 17s. Sd. This, as compared with the corresponding week of last year, shows a total increase of £U 5s. lld. iu passenger fores, £239 13s. lOd. in goods aud live stock, and a decrease of £0 2s. 5d. iu parcels aud miscellaneous, or, on thc whole, an increase of £333 17s. 4d. Tho total receipts during the present year, up to date, amount to £120,308 4s. 8d., and this, as com- pared with the receipts during 1S75, to the same date, shows an increase of £19,3S4 3s. On tho Northern Railway, during tho week ending October 14, tho earnings were :?Pnsaeuger fares, £232 3s. 3d.; goods nnd livo stock £S49 11s. 7d.; parcels and miscellaneous, £19 17s. lld.; total, £001 12s. Od. This, os compared with the cor- responding week of last year, shows an increase undor each of the headings, amounting in all to £119 15s. 7d. The total traffic on this line during tho present year, up to date, amounts to £22,05S 6s. 7d., aud, as compared with the cor- responding period of last year, shows an increase of £10,23S Ila. lOd. A match was playod on Saturday last, on thc Green Hills, between tho socond eleven Miltons ^.y v. second olovon Waratah clubs, resulting hi n victory for the latter in ono innings, with 4 runs to spare. Tho Miltons scored 13 and 2« respectively, making a grand total of 39 runs, *° which Walker contributed IS, not out. The small scoring was attributable to the excellence of tho bowling of Jas. Petrie aud C. Darragh. Tho Wnrataha mado 81. Lennon with 29 ; Hughes, 12 ; M'Muuu, 9, and Welsby 0, [being top scorers. G-rognu enptniuod tho Miltons nnd Morton tho Wflratahs. *^t Warrego correspondent/writing under 2 November ll, says :-" The drought con .16S, and appearances ..at'present-are much ree thanlastyearatcommencement of summor, f then there was a spring in the grass, whereas «there is not the ghost of such a thing. The I°jt i8 fearful. The quicksilver for the last ten aL has registered an average of 105° in tho we?maximum 110", minimum 102°. These 1 dings are from thermometers in Charle- ne and on the Paroo and Bulloo. If rain do t comp soon, it will be very disastrous for a f«,e number of persons in this district. Out -t the water is failing rapidly, and many squat Tra on the Bulloo and Paroo are already "dried out," and nave had to travel tne5r ato& Most of the squatters out there go further west I northerly?out to Cooper's Creek, Barcoo, There are some holding on till the last foment,-hoping for rain, at the terrible risk of ot being able to go at all should tho dry weather continue. Shearing is a trying ordeal at present for all concerned. It is progressing -lowly at Oakwood and Gowrie. I do not know if they have, commenced yet at Burenda. I saw iky were advertising shearing prices there 5=, 9d. per score. . Unless they have ad- vanced on that 'price, I should say, in the present season, scarcity of labor, and high price of rations, it will not be easy to j the wool off. Dillalah has finished shear- ins. Even t'103e stations that have the luck to ret the sheep through the shed early will have to keep their wool on hand for a very long while. Carriers cannot travel, the scarcity of feed is so crear. Carriage prices nre still £40 per ton from Dalby to-' Charleville. There are a large lot (about 16,000) of shorn sheep ready for the road at Gowrie ; but at present they cannot start. A small mob of cattle, the property of Ivor M'lvor, Esq., have just started from the Angellala for the Bulloo. They will have to travel forty miles Tnthout water in ono pince, and very little when they get out. A mob of 500 fat bullocks, from Bowen Downs, lately passed down the Bulloo, bound south. They are now somewhere on the border below Eulo ; they have two forty-mile stages to do, and many other long ones without water, unless it rain. I should say they will be little better than Btores by the time they get to their journey's end. Thorn's cattle, from Cowley Plains, where tho water failed months ago, are now on Riversleigh .blocks, on the Angellala)]. Heat, flies, nnd dust too severe to allow me to say any more." Both the Darling Bowns Gazette and Too- woomba Chronicle appeared on Saturday last as four-page papers. Is accordance with a resolution passed at the last ordinary meeting of tho Municipal Council, a special meeting of the aldermen was held yesterday (says Thc Queensland Times) for the purpose of putting into effect Alderman Jenkins' motion having reference to tho large number of ratepayers at present in arrear. The Mayor and Aldermen Hargreaves, Vowles, Jenkins, Francis, and Shanks were present. The names of all defaulters previous to 1870 wero placed in a lallot-box, and ten of them were drawn by num- ber by tho aldermen present, none of tho parties, of course, being known to anyone but the Town Clerk. A motion was then carried that, beforo taning distraint-warrants, a formal demand for payment should be made to each of tho ten defaulters. A second motion wns unanimously passed that, after the issue of distraint- warrants ?in tho event of the remaining ratepayers neglecting to pay up?a similar ballot should be made and ton more warrants issued; the same plan to be continued until the wiiolo of tho defaulters have cleared off the amounts standing against them on the books of tho Council. The Berlin correspondent of The Times tele- graphs, under date September 15:?"An English staff*officer, writing to tho Augsburg Allgcmcine Zdtung from thc seat of war reports that, according to tho statements of the Russians taken prisoners by tho Turks, Russian officers joining the Servian army receive a hundred ducat3 from thc Russian Government, and the assurance that they will bo at liberty to -re-enter the Russian ranks at tho close of tho war, or receive the ordinary Russian pension in case they are wounded. Rttssiau officers have lately so much increased, that thero is hardly n Servian battalion or battery without a Russian com- mander. The inllux continues, and lias re- cently begun to extend to non-commissioned officers mostly belonging to the Artillery nnd Eugineors. The arrival of these gallant and experienced warriors, who do not hesitate to avow that they have gono out at the request of their colouels and military captains, lins greatly added to the cohesion and fighting capacities of the Servian Militia. To render their presence nore useful, ships with arms and ammunition arrive-from Russia at Belgrade, the T«rks not venturing to stop these contraband vessels on the Danube. These reports aro confirmed -by the Russian journals, which stnto that Colonel Biilozoff has left St. Petersburg for Belgrade, where ho will assume the command of a battalion of Volunteers, 1000 strong, which battalion was iormsu and organised by himself. The Berlin I'ost, a journal whose Russian intelligence generally takes tho Russinn point of view, states that a host of Russians are constantly traversing 'lovtraoaia on their way to Belgrade. At a request addressed to tho Roumanian railway authorities from Odessa tho fares have -been reduced by one-half for all Russian soldiers on tho newly-finished line between Odessa aud Jassy. The -efiitor of Thc Darling Downs Stuette claims to speak with authority on the subject of cricketing, having had considerable experience. He says;?" With regard to batting our hits used to be famous. Thero wns ono hit on *he knee we got which was enough in itself to confer celebrity on any mau. We were a marked cricketer from thntday; and with respect to scoring, could .wo have hatched off nil the ducks' e?gs we produced, -wo could have stocked a poultry fanni. They appeared all to bo good fitters. Ak to bowling, there was no man more esteemed among bowlers than ourselves. We were invaluable for assisting to give a good analysis. Our defence was so admirable that it was seldom our wicket was put down. Theusucl system adopted-.was to bowl about two balls ntoiu legs, till wo got nervous, kept dodging nbout iii front of tho wickot, when tho bowler would Bend in n straight one and hit us .again, upon which the umpire would como up. We would welcome him from our writhing-place .on tho ground, limier the idea that ho was como to sympathise; but he would, as a rule, only emile cheerfully, and remark that we were ' out, leg before wicket,' As a fielder, again, we .excelled. We were generally posted at ' long off,' and entered into tho position heart and soul, leaving nothing undone to bo as ' long' and as ' o6" as possible. some coolness ensued with the cr ptain, how ever, ewing to that authority making jin uncalled lor remark that he preferred having ilia fielders where Ls could see them without haring to uso a telescope." Wi: (Northern Argus) met a gentioman in "own yesterday who has travelled overland from lMby, byway of Roma, Mitchell Downs, Tambo, ami Springsure, and his description of tko state '¦' the couutry is a very ead one. With tho exception of nn oasis hero aod there, the grass nearly everywhere is burnt up, and in Borne I'-iecs no sign of herbage remains, not even a withered tuft being left standing as a memento tl former verdure. Rain has not fallen for ¦j'teen months in many districts, and the ""ought is intense. Oakwood, iu tho Warrego, is ono of thoso favored spots ; a new dam was wished there fifteen mouths Biuce, but not a drop of water has yet entored it. As a matter c'course, feed for cattlo aud shcop is becoming ?aroer daily, and, unless thero is a copious rain '"" soon, it is to bo feared thnt heavy losses will p, ,BC»rreiJ. Matters aro not so bad nt tho ijMcoo, where tho grass, though withored, is still -n n8', II lin9 Ull(l time t0 £''ow to ll cou* !,, ,J .le !e"gth, and, as thero has been no rain 1,'ii'ii ' "" retaillB 601UO "f "ie characteristics of 1 I" "/!''' °» that, with an admixture of salt icJJti oattl° fcec)' aml oveu tllrivo- °" noft1' ?¦¦??illv£°Wot *'ivrfr" t!,e country assumes a "?'"ly ilitiereiit n«peot, nnd during tho rest of iUSwTy \? Ro<*lmmpton 0»r informant was Fttfn tQ fiml *"weel£'» th» wicUt of PWturea 