; THURSDAY, March 2. In the Legislative Council, The debate, on the question that the Medical Bill be now Taad a second time, upon which an amendment, had been moved that the bill be re ferred to. 'select committee, was resumed. After; gome discussion the House divided on the second, reading : Ayes 18, noes 2. The bill was read a , second time. Tb e House went into committee on the bill, '?'/'.'? PM forma. ' In the Legislative Assembly. 1 Ministers stated, in answer to questions, that . . rme tender had been sent in for the erection of a T?ublic school at Narellan, and that there was no ? delay in forwarding goods from Morpeth to Mur rurundi, all goods being forwarded with every possible dispatch. Mr. Lacicey said, in answer to Mr. 'Wisdom, for Captain Onslow, that the charge per ton for hauling coal from Bowenf els to Moss Vale, was 14s Id, the distance being 169 miles. About 5000 tons of coal were required per annum for use on the Southern railway, between Parramatta Junction and Gunning. The question of making a survey of the country between Moss Vale and Joerrrma,, wren tne vieAV oi constructing a orancn line of railway, had not been determined. Mr. '. D. Williams wrote to the Government sbating his ?willingness to construct a railway from the 43-reat Southern Railway to the Berrima Coal fields if the Government would stipulate to take from. Mm the coal required for the Southern rail way. In reply, Mr Williams was asked to state at what price he would supply the coal. Mr. Williams had not yet stated the price. Mr. Dibes presented a petition from Grafton, xo. favour of the establishment of a College and . Grammar School in that city. The petition was received. Mr. Terry was sworn in as a member of the ^Committee of Elections and Qualifications. \- ? Mr. Lttoas moved that the Coal Mines Rogu . it-: ? lation Bill be read a third time ,????,;?' ? Mr. Gaeeett moved, as an amendment, that : ::?', ' the bill be recommitted with a view to the re consideration of certain clauses. The amendment was carried, and the House twent into committee on the bill. Several of the recommitted clauses were verbally amended. . Clause 3 was amended by the addition of a ?proviso respecting the appointment of the Examiner of Coal-fields, and the bill was re ?RorterL Thft Vfinorf, was fl.drmted. n.nr? fho ?f-.'hivrl areading of the bill fixed for Tuesday next. ? ; ,; Mr. Gaeehtt moved the second reading of the Bathurst Hospital Bill, but the speaker pointed ? outran, informality in the mode of its introduction, ;and its consideration was postponed until Wed nesday next. . On the motion of Mr. Robertson the Gun powder and Explosive Substances Consolidation Bill was read a second time, and clauses 1 to 62, excepting clause ,23, with schedules, passed through committee. The House adjourned at midnight. Brisbane. -—The following telegrams -'appear in Thursday's Herald : — The crashing machine on the Palmer is in full work. The first three parcels averaged four to six ounces to the ton. Reefers are in high spirits. — One hun dred and fifty labourers at the Dry Dock, work ing1 nine hours a day, struck in favour of eight iiours. Melbottunb. — A telegram to Wednesday's ' . Evening News reports: — De Murska as Leonora, , in 'II Trovatore' last night, created great ? excitement. It was a most consummate piece of iOf -acting and singing, and the largest house ever .-assembled in Victoria to see the opera, although ?.the prices were doubled. Miss Winston, who ?* ' astonished the audience by rendering the part of Aseucena, was loudly cheered. M. Cane, the French billiard player, gave a. display of his abilities last night; playing with. Alberts, he made breaks of 80, 46, and 58. It ?was a magnificent display of skill. The assem bly passed the Estimates last night. The usual discussion ensued upon Baron Von Mueller's case, ?when Mr. Hanna referred to the Baron as an infernal ghost who ought to be laid. The: Baron he said had got £15,000 to spend on the 1 Botanical Gardens, and left them a wilderness. ' . ' Mr. Wood invited Mr. M'Lellan outside for say- j ing Tie had disgraced himself, and said he would; vpummel his head. Mr. M'Lennan declined the invitation. Woods' sV/odonga store was burned: . down yesternight, through the bursting of a -?kerosene lamp. A child was nobly rescued by a; ? railway guard named Swain. The damage is \ ? ; estimated at £-1000. ' '??' Bff ijROWA.'-— In our last issue a paragraph ? appeared statina that a son of Mr. P, H. Scotfc of Burrov/a met with a nerioua accident. Sinco j v. . then v/s learn that the little uufferer died from . tho injuries, 1 Boueke. — A telegram to the E. Wews, of ,\ Wednesday says : — The Cobar mail due on Sat urday has not come in. Fears are entertained as ,: . to the safety of the mailman, as he has to tra- j ? ver.Be 102 miles without water. { u . v \ ? j .;???? ???.'?? ... l . ? . ^ '. 