" A RAILWAY ADVENTURE. . (Ohamier'a Journal.) 1 t never saw such a change in a man in my life I Wh'en we last met, Jack- well, "I'. must not givo his real name, considering what I am going to relate, so Ell call him Jack Pallant— was,' ns he lfad ever been since I knew him, ono of tafuliglitcst-heorted, cheeriest follows in tills world, full. of fun, and up to everything, nnd as gentle and tender ns a womVi, with the courage of a lion. And now, what did I find him ? Evon though out three months had elapsed, he bad become a grave, dejected, sad dened man ; in a word, hardly rccugnis- ablc, either mentally or physically. I was shocked, and of course he saw that I was. He came to see me, indeed, the moment he heard I wns in town, that I might learn from his own mouth what had happened, instead of second hand. Jack had always boon more or less a spoiled hoy — only sons are always more or less spoiled— nnd having lost hie mother when quite a child, it was not wonderful that his poor old dad made much of him. But he had taken the spoiling kindly, and, beyond making him perhaps n little idle and thought less, it had done him 110 harm. There was no vice in the fellow j he spent more money than lie should, but many young soldiers do thnt, without coming to much grief in the long-run ; and his father, a soldier before him, regarded the failing leniently, paid his hills, and looked pleasant. Beyond adding that he was a rather short, dapper, little fellow, I need not say much more about him ; I have only to try and put into coherent shape the strange and tragical business which bad so fearfully altered him. His account of it wus so discon nected, and so faltering at times, through the emotion which the recital cost him, that I make no attempt to re produce his story in his own words. It all happened in a railway carriage ; and though we have had enough and tp spare of tales of murders, robberies, strange meetings, ghosts and lunatics, which have had a railway carriage as their place of action, I venture to be- . lieve that there is still something novel in tho circumstance which led to my friend's sad transformation. He was coming to town one autumn evening for a few days' leave from Gun- norshoTt, where he was quartered. I can sco him as plainly as if I had been there, springing into the first carriage that offered room, without regard to who was in it ; for he was the least fastidious of men, without tlie slightest of 'liaw-haw' pride and nonsense, or that stnnd-oif- islmess of manner, too uSnal witli men In his position ; ready to make himself happy wherever he was, or in whatever company. Fond of talk ing to everybody, liking to draw them out, as he said, and studying character with the full conviction thnt there wns something to bo learned from everybody; chaffing and laughing, or sympathising and helping, according to tho occasion. IVby, I have seen him helping a mother Or nurse with half-a-dozen children in char-re, as if he had been a Paterfamilias, dandling the baby, or chucking it under tho chin, or squeaking at it, tickling the little hoys under the ribs until they went into fits, or making tho little girls laugh with his comical Tories ant Jmraorous ways. Quite at variance, indeed, was the 1 private life of Jack Pallant with that of tho ordinary British soldier; his brother-officers were oftentimes nghnst at his proceedings, until they came to . know nnd like him. Therefore, I say, I picture him taking tlie first seat thnt offered, and ready to talk to any one in the carriage who would talk to him. But it so happened, it appears, on this occasion that ho got into an empty carriage ; at least he thought so, for it tvas twilight, and he did not observe for the first moment the figure of a woman seated in a farther corner, dressed in dark clothes, nnd thickly veiled. The sudden discovery that he was not alone rather startled liirn for a moment, and it may be, as he said, that the even ing before having been a guest-night at mess, his nerves were not quito up to their usual tone. He was not the lad, however, to be long in such a situation without making some remark to his fellow-traveller, though in this case an unusual hesitation to do so carno over him, owing to hermystcrious appearanoc and extreme stillness. Tho bctwecn- lights of tho carriage-lamp and the evening sky prevented him from dis cerning details ; but thero she sat, per fectly rigid, and with not a vestige of her faco visible through the thick black veil. ' Ahem ! ahem !' ho said at last, shifting one seat nearer to her and nearly opposite ; ' I hope I have not in truded 011 you ; I thought tho carriage was empty. I may be disturbing you, I fear.' lie would say anything, in a random sort of way, to break the ice, as ho called it. IJp answer. A long pause. 1 Very singular,' he thought ; and ho moved to a seat exactly opposite to tho figure, making another commonplace observa tion. No response, or any movement. Asleep, I suppose,' be said to himself ; and he sat, quietly watching her, whilst the train rattled on for a mile or two. A station was reached, and a stoppage made, with the usunt accompaniments of screech, and whistling, nnd slamming .of the doors, bat without producing any change in the posture of the occupant of tho opposito corner. The train again moved on. 'Can't be asleep,' he muttered. ' What's the matter wi ,h her V The windo v was c'oso slnit; ho let it down, with a tre mendous clatter and bang, remarking that ' he hoped ss the evening was fine, the weather warm, and the carriage close' (for he declared to me there wns a peculiar ordor hanging about which struck him from the first), ' she would not object to a little air ?' Still, no reply. Then he said : ' He feared she was not well ; would she like him to pull the bell for the guard, and have the train stopped again?' But nothing ho could sny or do elicited any sign of life from her. Jack now became seriously uncomfort able and alarmed on her account. He thought sho could not be asleep, but had fainted. Suddenly it crossed his mind that she was dead I Night had now closed in, hut ns the Inst tinge of twilight faded from the sky, tho carriage lamp gained its full power, and revealed every object ntorc plainly than hitherto. Jock leaned toward the motionless form. A long black veil, frilling from a close fitting hat-like bonnet, enveloped nearly tlie whole upper part of her figure ; indeed, on close inspection, it hardly looked like an ordinary veil, hut more like a large black silk handkerchief. Her dress was of common black stuff', macli worn and frayed, from amidst the folds of which appeared the ends of a piece of rope that must lmvo been fastened round the waist ; and one haltd, encased in an old ill-fitting black glove, lay placidly on her lap. Full of uncomfortable sensations, Jock was about to lift the veil, when for the first time, the figure moved ; its other hand stole slowly from beneath the folds of the dress, sod the veil was gradually lifted, and thrown up over her head. Involuntarily my friend shrank back into the corner of his scat, for a face was revealed to him which 110 one could have looked upon without a sonse of awe. It was that of a women somewhat past middle age, thin, haggard, and palo to a degree whiclt only death could parullct. The features, finely chiselled and proportioned, shewed that at ono time there must httve been supremo beauty, whilst, though the iron- gray hair looked a little dishevelled nnd unkempt, the glance of flie eye, was steady, calm, and determined. In this glance lay, chiefly, the aivc- inspiring expression of the face, for, in addition to the penetrating look, there was a persistency in it, and at the saine time a fascination, quite terrible. It fixed itself upon Jack from tlje first moment that eye met eye, and for several minutes not a word was spoken on cjther side. Presently, however, he tried to p.ull himself together, and to as sume his usual light-hearted manner, which had tlitts for a nfipntc been so strangely and unusually disturbed, cqtl lie said briskly — ' I beg your pardon ; I was afraid you were ill.' She gently bent her head, hut spoko not a word, nor withdrew her glance. Ho felt more and more that it was costing him an effort to bo himself. Her slow, stealthy, albeit lady-like demeanour added greatly to the effect already produced, and a curious sensation wns gradually creeping over him, that —impossible as it might 6com —that fnee was not strange to him. Little as he, with liia temperament, was given to sperulat'on or introspection, lie found himself striving to look back for some event or circumstance in It's lifo which might give him a clue. Had ho over I dreamed of such n face, or had ho seen it In childhood ? He was puzzled, affected, quite putout. And still the deep penetra ting eyes were fixed on his, piercing as it were into his very soul. And the hands! what were they "doing ? Taking off the gloves as witji a 6et, deliberate purpose ; | and the long white, thin, almost clnw- liko fingers worked strangly and nervously ; slowly closing nnd opening upon tlie palm, as' if preparing to grasp something. Again, I10 strove to throw off tho un pleasant, unusual sensation which had crept over him. ' I can't stand this,' he thought ; ' I was never so uncomfortable in my life i I must do something, or say something to put a stop to this, to make Iter take hor eyes off me !' He moved abruptly to the farther corner of tho carriage, and to tho same side on which the woman sat. . 1 I'll try nnd dodge her in that way,' he said to himself ; ' sho shall not sit and glare at me in this fashion 1' Bat she too immediately shifted her place, nnd, rising to her full height, which wns very great, went over to the seat which was exactly opposite to him, never for ono single second dropp'ngher cye3 from his. He looked out ot window with a vague notion ofgettingoutoftho carriage ; when suddenly, passing a little station which he recognised, but at which tlie train did nut stop, nn idea struck him— an idea after his own heart — a comic idea. He availed himself of it on the instant, and nssumins an ease which doubtless sat ill upon him, nnd which he was far from feeliti2,he pointed with his thumb hack towards the station they had just past, as he said mysteri ously in a hollow voice : ' Do you know that place ?' Sho seemed to answer in tho affirmative by a slight inclination of tho head as before. 1 Ah I you do. Good 1 Lonsmoor,' ho wont on ; then I don't mind telling you a secret.' lie paused. (' I'll frighten her,' he thought.) ' Criminal lunatics,' lie said aloud : ' I am one of them. I have just escaped from there 1' lie learned forward, as if to impress her with his words ; she also bent for ward until her lips almost touched his car, as she hissed into it : ' So have I.' With what had already gone before, this put the finishing touch to Jack's uneasiness of miud. It was not, as he said, the mere presence of the woman, or the revelation which his joke had elicited, which scared him, though the circumstance in itself might, bo un- pleasunt enough. ' I should have faced it right away from the first, as any man would have done, had it not been for the remark able influence her face and look had upon me ; that unaccountable feeling that she was no stranger to me, it was, that unnerved, and even appalled me.' No sooner had she uttered the words, ' So have I,' than Jack sprang to the cord communicating with the guard's van, for he felt their truth, and saw in them a key to the whole mystery. But ere his baud had reached the cord, she had seized him around tho waist with one arm as witli the grip of a vice, and at the same instant he felt one of tlioso terrible hands at his tliront. Eveiy effort to rclcnso himself was fruitless; her strength seemed super human, and wns as far boyond his ns was her stature. Her faco glowered close down upon liis now, still with tho same fell expression. 'The only thing I could have done,' went on Jack, in describing the scene to me — and just here, ho shall speak for himself : '.the only means by which I might perhaps have made her relax her hold would have been by aiming one or two tre mendous blows with my right fist (which wns at liberty) nt her face. Had it been a man's there would have been no hesitation ; had it been indeed that of an ordinary woman, at such a pass I should not hare hesitated to strike her, to stun her, if I could, by auy means ; but that face— that face, that I seemed to know so well, yet so mysteriously, I could not raise my hand against it, and, as uty arm swung up with the first im pulse, to deal her a blow, it fell helpless by my side. Vain were my efforts to get her hand away from my throat; there was a terrible swaying to nnd fro for a minut6 or two, I "felt tlie grip of tlie long finders tightening, and myself choking. Suddenly wo fell, the whole carriage seemed to bo falling— there was 0 fearful jerk or two, n strange up- hearing of the floor, a tremendous rattle and crash— I appeared to be thrown headlong to some great distance, and — all wus darkness (' Tho termination of that deadly struggle was brought about in a manner as marvellous and unlooked for us could well have been imagined. Some fifty souls, say, uoro travelling iq that train ; nil, save one, in apparent security. J aek's life alone was in danger, when, loi by flfle of these marvellous coincidences which do happen at times in the supreme moments of existence, tho rescuo came, but nt the cost of niaqr li life, which, but just be fore, .would haye secnied vj'orth treble tho purchase of Jack's. At the very instant that his might have depended upon another tightening grip or two from the hand of a maniac, a frightful catastrophe occurred to tho iyain, Tho tiro of nn engine-wheel broke, and lytlf a dozen carriages were hurled down a steep embankment. Tho scene that succeeded is, unhappily, pf too common an occurrence to need more that a word of reference here. Seven passengers were killed outright ; doul b that number sliglitjy or badly hurt ; tho remainder escaping, as by a miracle, witli nothing worse than a severe slmk'ng. My friend wns amongst the shaken. He had been thrown clear of tho" debris 011 to a grassy spot, half-bank, half-edge ; emphatically, his life was saved ! At length, ns a sickly dawn wns be ginning to appear, lto endeavored to dis cover (1)0 spot where the carringo he lia.l occupied had fallen, and to retrace his steps to tho place where he foimd himself lying after the catastrope. By this tiuio he had made himself known briefly to some officials tlint a woman was missing I who bad been in tho carriage with bitn | and ono or two of them followed him in J liis quest. Ho scrambled through the , hedge, and there, oil the opposite side j on the sloping bank of a a ditch, lie be- i held, lying quite still, lier dark unmts- tnknble form. He ran forward, nnd bending over Iter, and looking down upon the marble, upturned face, saw at a. glnnco that there was nothing dan gerous about he. now ; those terrible eyes wero closed for ever ! Otto of the surgeons here came hurry ing up, in answer to a summons. ' Good lionvcns !' ho exclaimed : ' here sho is, then, at last! Wire, she must have been in the train. Ilow on earth did she manage it ?' 'Who is she?' inquired Jack earnestly with a strnngo return of tho old inex plicable sensation. ' Who is she ? You appear to know her. Pray tell me.' ' 0b, otto of our inmates : she getaway yesterday morning ; no ones knows how,' was the answer. ' You are from Longmoor, then. How long has slio been thero ? What is her name?'. ' Oh, she has been upwards of twenty years, I bolirvo ; long before my time.' ' All iter name ?' ' Upon my word, at this moment, T can hardly,' wenton thcdoctor, mechani cally passing his fingers over one of the I pnlsclcss wrists before him, a calm hesitation which contrasted strongly with Jack's earnest impetuous manner — ' I can hardly remember. I flunk she was committed for the murder of her own little girl. It was a sad case, I know.— ' Ah 1 hor name ; I liavo it.' went on' tlie doctor suddenly : ' her name was Pallnnt— Rachel Pallant.' Jack sprang from the kneeling pos ture in wiiicii he was, ns if ho liaa been shot. Why, that was his own dead mother's name! But pslmw! what of that ? Well, it was rather a startling coincidence ; that was all ! Aye, but wns it all I Indeed, 110.. _ The inquest led to a revelation. That inquiry fully explained what had been the nature of tho influence which the weird pale face and strange presence had had upon my fricud. The strong but subtle link which no time or absence can quito sunder, exist-, in- between muther nnd son. had made itself felt the instant those two sat face to face, for tho unhappy woman was in deed no other than Jack's.own mother ! He had never been told ; in fact, it had been carefully kept from liiin : why run the risk of clouding for lifo that bright and happy temperament ? He wns only four years old when the dread ful business happened. Hence lie had scarcely known a mother's enre ; she was lost to him, to the world, as com pletely ns if she had died. Nay, dead would have been a mercy by compari son, and it was generally assumed that she was dead ; only a few very intimate friends knew tho truth. The poor lady's mind had given way suddenly after tlio birth of a child, who did not live. Within n week the homicidal mania possessed her ; by tho merest chance she had been prevented from committing some frightful outrage upon lier little boy, my poor friend Jack ; and restraint not having been put upon her in time (for iter malady bad hardly boot) suspected, so unlooked-for wns its ap pearance), she consummated lier deadly propensity upon her eldest child, a girl, fifteen years of age : killed her, in a word, ns she lay nslccp. And here, after a lapse of twenty years, wns the clintnx and end of tlie tragedy, ns dreadful ns anything t! at lind gone before. The order for release, when it came, brought with it ns much suffering (to all but one) as lmrl the other for .c.aptivity, No wonder that Jack was nn altered man ; I liavo never seen a smile on his face sin.ee — though I trust that time, with its healing in fluence, may nt least soften the blow. 