IRELAND. A MEaioRABI/E SCSNE. After a day of feverish anxiety* as the chill wintry clouds closed in, and the mem bers were assembling, College Green became covered with a sea of upturned faces, lit by the flicker of a thousand torches — by the ' flashing of a thousand emotions. Many were the comments, grave and gay. of praise and scorn:— 'Come Mr. M — , you were paid this morning ; give us a tenpenny bit to drink your health.' ' Success to you, my Lord £— . It was you made the good bar gain, it s a credit to its all, you did not sell your country too cheap,' '? Three cheers for Sir William, boys ; he bargained to be a lord when there's to be no lords at all.' ' Here's Harry D — G— , boys. How much did they mark on your. brief, Harry ?' Castle reagk was almost shielded from popular scorn by the ouperb beauty of his wife : but when Lord Clare appeared, rriany a fist was clenched, and groans were changed to cheers, wild, loud, and high as Plunkett reared his head, and glorious little Curran flashed his eyes, and Kendall, Bushe, and Saurin, and Gould, brought the greatest names at the Bar, of Ireland. But there were sad gaps in the popular ranks. Lucas had long since passed away. Flood's tall form was mouldering in tile grave'. Charlemont's princely presence would never again meet mortal eye. And the greatest of them all — first in genius, first in tihe heart of Ireland — Henry Grattan, was not even entitled to enter the House of which he was the pride. He was believed to be lying on his death bed; at Wicklow. Some wild rumour had, indeed, run, that he had been on that very day returned member for Wicklow, and that, before the debate was over, he would appear to save, if man could save, the liberties of his country. But this rumour was deemed too wild to be seriously believed. Inside the House was tenfold excitement. The students of Trinity College held their accustomed places, serried rank on rank, in young enthusiasm. The galleries were thronged with the beauty and fashion of a capital where beauty and fashion were famous ; and the ladies themselves showed by the colours they wore that they were not only spectators but partizans. Behind these rose many a row of eager faces, and niaoy a form on wliich shone the stars of the Peer ages of both Islands. The members thronged the House below in the splendid tull dress of the time. At first, the ministry did not; show their Ii2nds. The Viceregal speech from the throne made no mention of the one subject which was on all lips. The mover and seconder of the address was equally reticent. But Sir Lawrence Parsons forced the ministerial hand. In a stirring speech he moved an amendment declaratory of the resolutions of Parliament to support the independence of the nation. Then came the debate. ' Every man,' says Barrington, ' seemed on that night inspired by this subject.' Gentle George Ponsonby astounded friends and foes by a display of intense power and passion. Even Castlereagh was eloquent. Bushe and Plunkett made speeches which became historical. The gray morning began to dawn, and the debate to languish, when a great sound of popular tumult was heard from outside : the debate stopped : cheer rung above cheer, until all Dubtin seemed to be cheering. George Ponaonby and Arthur Moore (afterward judge) glided out. They soon reappeared, supporting ; a man in the uniform of the Volunteers; but wasted by illness, pale, and suffering, white as a ghost. It was Henry Grattan. — It was indeed he. Government had kept back the writ for Wicklow until the very day on which Parliament had met. Bat that very day it had been sped by willing hands to Wicklow ; the voters were ready ; the return was made after midnight ; Grattan sprang from his bed ; his wife parted from him, believing they would never meet again; fleet horses bore big, carrage fast, and ho was there, there to fight his last battle for the land he loved. As ho entered, the whole House rose and uncovered. As he tottered to the table and took the oaths, Lord Castle reagh and all the ministers bowed low and remained standing. For a while no sound broke the silence, except the sounds of con vulsive sobs from the' gallerios. But as the ; grand old tribune rose to address the House, there burab forth a long, wild cheer that answered well the cheer without, and. was well re-answered back again. Scarcely, however, had he risen when he fell back again into his seat exhausted. Then he asked leave to address the House without rising. ' And then,' says Mr. Lecky, ' was witnessed the spectacle, among the grandest in the whole range of the mental phenomena, of mind asserting its supremacy over matter, of the power of enthusiasm, and the power of genius nerving a feeble and emaciated frame. As the fire of oratory kindled, as the angel of enthusiasm touched those palid lips with the living coal, as the old scenes crowded on the speaker's mind, and the old plaudits broke on his ear, it seemed as though the force of age was neutralized and the buoyancy of youth restored. His voice gained a deeper power, his action a more commanding energy, his eloquence an ever increasing brilliancy. For more than two hours he poured forth a stream of epigram, of argument, and of appeal. . He traversed almost the whole of that complex question ; he grappled with the various arms of expediency the ministers had urged ; but he placed the issue on the highest grounds : ' the thing (he said) the ministry proposes to buy is what cannot be sold — liberty. When he at last concluded, it must have been felt, that if the Irish Parliament could have been saved by eloquence, it would have been saved by Henkt Geattan.' But it could not be saved, and the vote w;s adverse. — J. 0. M'Carthy M.P. GRATTAN AND CASTLEEEAG-H. It ia stated by a writer in a contemporary that there was ' a feeling almost amounting to cordiality' between Grattan and Castle reagh ; and it is suggested that this_ was due either to Castlereagh concealing his know* ledge of Grafctan's connection with the United Irishmen, or protecting him from the consequences of that connection. Now, Castlereagh could not conceal what was sworn in the informations. Nor in the M'Cann-Dowdall case did the Privy Council show any want of suspicion of Gratfcan or any leniency. ' Come, Mr. M'Cann,' said Chief Baron O'Grady, Lord Guillamore, ' tell us the fact ; we know all about it ; you may as well speak out j you need nofc be afraid, we shall take care of you ; we shall get you a place out of the country, and send you there safely, and we will give you £10,000. Come, now, tell us the trtsfch about Mr. Grattan.' But M'Cann said nofcbiE&g; to incriminate him. This9 too, was after the Government had sent the informer Hughes,; to Tinnahinch with the object of entrapping Grattan. Yet it is suggested that there was leniency ! If the Government was aware of h'S knowledge ot the projects 01 tae U nited Irishmen, it either could not produce proofs against him, or was afraid— =the jury that would have convicted Henry Grattan of high treason was scarcely in being. But if the sentence had been given, the crime could never have been executed. The English Government dared not bring Henry Grattan to the block. As for this alleged ' feeling almost amount ing to cordiality' towards Castle reagh— what evidences of it exist ? None, whatever. It is said, indeed, that he enj oined on his son not to challenge Castlereagh-=and this is taken as tenderness towards the Minister ! Was it not tenderness for his own son ? He knew that there was such a thing as a ministerial ' assassination club.' It would have been something to the purpose had we found any diminution of hostilities between the two belligerents, but there was none. Grattan attacked Castlereagh as un flinchingly after '98 as before — and Castle reagh calumniated him, as before. Burrowes' speech on the second reading of the Union Bill is evidence of that. But Castlereagh had been himself acquainted with the United Irishmen in Belfast, in 1790 — he knew Samuel Neilson of the Northern Star, and at a meeting of the Whig Club on the 16th April (the anniversary of Legislative Independence) he drank the popular toasts. In 1799 he went in person to arrest h\3 former friend. Now, when Henry Grattan returned to Parliament in 1800, Castlereagh assailed him, and Grattan immediately retorted upon him for having abandoned his principles. He read a list of the toasts which Castlereagh had drunk, and caustically contrasted his present with his past conduct. Did that show ' a feeling almost amounting to cordiality' on either side — or was it in the least likely that a man under a deep obli gation to a Minister would have come pre pared (and fche toast list showed preparation) to attack him publicly and goad him to fury? That Castlereagh felt the attack, his answer proves, for he hinted a duel, saying—' As to anything personal, he would nofc take notice of it in the House.' But he conveniently forgot it out of the House, remembering that Grattan was an excellent shot. prize conundrum: The proprietor of the Quaen's Theatre, Dublin, offered a prise recently for the best conundrum, having for itis object the ' O'Connell Centenary.' A large number of ' wits ' competed, and ultimately victory ' was awarded to a Mr. Doolan for the follow ing effusion : — ' Why was the Centenary like a s&illelah;? Because there was a 'Butt ' at the end of it. ' The occupants of the gallery were uproarious in their acclamation, _______ ; 'ENGLAND'S POLICY SIT IE. tt&AND.; _ ; ?' N. ,,.r; ?#.-. English statesmen, true fco= fcbvasr tradiGjo_.o- -*. :. ...' ; ...-r.y delight in showing their skill in cjHTin g daw ? ??? .. :.K«.r|.. sions £_iOHg the people. The @me% oeqretoy -?-??;?,:, ,.ji : of Ireland gathered laurels nofc a l&Wi; in tins ?? ? :,?,,:.;;.!&, line, lately at Belfast. He piitte^ O'wmgesG__, ? ; -...?„-. -^atV on the back, tfh_J did his little. Iteot to tam- :?., ^.hi.;^ Nationality into1 contempt. B- C'Old ft© ???.. .-,?..; ..-p?1. dirty little faction how dearly Go?a'pneafc . ?,-„.... .9^ ; Soved Ulster loyalty—how hecesaiavy i o? ™e --. ?.???;::.?; .3 , Protestant interest it v/aa-to-' d'ravr tslon»er. the?; ..::? ? ,: ,-,[ ^i, ties between Ireland and! England— »^- . ovmg: ?, r vi'i.-.j;1'):; Dublin as close a possible to'Loaclpn, avid- iar-*: .--?-; ir- f-0 fact, to make Ireland an Englbla county,. . ???.-i\«).ii.:-fcv. governed by Englishmen alone.- ' _%w w®* '???- :.« :? -?-??* . v trine pleased the rump of the bid* afcec^aiic J ; . : ? ^ ' '? :h* faction mightily and elicited rounds ©_ cheers , ;;,.L :;-;,* of alien rule. The mouth piece of !F-& fywm ? ' ' - '*?-'?* ;: ? knew his platform, and could 5&? ^?aGl . ' : :u' life of hira, in the same place, a ^?r ^ no other course. The supporters o? x '° : ?;' ;! !i«» V party are either Irish Orangemen or EnguEi '**?' ' ??' -il !':» sympathizers with Orangeism. What, tlve^; ? ??, : ff : could he do? Enmity to Ireland and tiki '?,-? \r-r'r \ Irish is the only principle, so to speak, of fcha . ; , .; « ./ Orange Tories. Sir Michael, therefore, was ?)'??? ??,^;/-; forced, by the circumstances of his case, to -,i ,:r ,-r stick close to the division policy, and! throw ' ' .v :';.vii. . as much dust in. the eyes of his following ac : \\[)i^W ;'; possible. It was never, in either Whig ob* '?? ;-'-- ..?.?j.fi!V:'i Tory camp, deemed a. matter of so much ins*- . ? ,?- ;:i im portance to rescue the masses from pinching: ! * ! hii^ poverty as to outmanoeuvre a political oppo-- ^ 1 .no' i c* nent. Self-interest holds first plaee ; ia t , {j British councils. It devours the interests Jo£ ' „, i the commonwealth. The homes of the tvn.ny- 1 ^ may b& an wretched as they please, provided - '1 .'j a factious1 Government can hold the avenuoo 'i -. - to the Treasury. The object o£ the Minister' '1 vn is not to promote the good of Ireland, but - h, '. the good of Toryism. He labours nofc (' I for fche people, but his parfcizans, - 1 ?' \ lest if all had competence all would feel in- ? 1 . * dependent ; and that where none were poor C , t none would lie servile ; and where none ia would have monopoly of exorbitant wealth, 1 / none would feel a peculiar interest in clasG ' ^ legislation. This is the master curse of Eng- , lish rule in Ireland. No law is made because it is right in , principle— because it ic calculated to promote the general interests of the country. Every 1 enactment is dressed and trimmed to ' i suit the exigency — to advances special in- (- \' i-x Merest— to guard, a privilege of class-.1 Sea -?,- (------,? the Tenant-right Bill, the Church Bill; of any 1 , « \ \ -' { Irish Bill ever passed in the Englisli Hoiise -i 7 ?- - «} of Commons, and say are we exaggerating . One year Whiggery is the deity fro uhica . * the interests of Ireland are sacri&SGv;?. Another year to Toryism are offered ? boA ? f, __ only principle and right, but - the lives c£ 1 thousands : for disguise it as we may, junfe1 British Eule in Ireland human sacrifice ic still in force. Let us examine the question! in this light. The resources of Ireland are good, the miseries of thousands and tens o£' ' thousands are inexpressible; This being the- . t case, it is clear the means of giving com- - ' petence to ail is in the country. Why is it not 1 m ' -(- given ? Why are there so many under notice - to quit tbeh* holdings ? Is it not the first and most sacred duty of a Governfaent to see / that the people* be. not preyed upon and. ^ wasted P For the psople all public servan ts ?- are appointed ; Sovereigns as well as Minis- , » ters; and it is useless .to say that the public t :♦ servants of the peopi'ev th.e\v rulers and law makers, do their duty while the psople are i , starving in the midst of plenty, while my - ,j Lord This and Lord That ai'e turning them .? - out of their holdings mercilessly* and then « destitution slays its thousands in a_ land of q -4 wealth. Are not those who? .perish j-re~ - ; maturely the victims of bad laW Vnd wicked ' , systems, so many human sacri&-. 9S which ?(? rulers offer to the Moloch of the (fla.VVbe it Toryism or Whiggery ? Had we bo- 1, action 1 ,, we would have no extreme destitefizoa.'- ^ot! there are . means abundant to sup^^y '* competency to all,' were it not that factroiv.' gives to a few a monopoly of what. God - ') gives to all. To this factious' clasa- » '? ', legislation are traceable the ia- ' congruous contradictions of our atatutey - * — the countless number of enactments1 u that render it impossible the unlearned could ? know anything of the laws for whose vio lation they are punished. To f'actioug legis» - lation is owing every evil that at this hour presses on the country. The land laws w©roa from first to last, class legislation ac the er« pense of the people for the good of the landlords ; the Union was class legislation at \ the expense of Ireland for thesupposed good* of England ; the Penal Laws were class1 - legislation at the expense of Catholics for -( '/ the imagined good of Protestants; and c ?- thousand other minor matters were class ?- legislation, at the expense of some party, for the supposed good of some other. Thuo, unquestionably, the leading prinei* pie in the policy of our i-ulera,' \ ) instead, of being calculated .to ? benefit the millions, aims at punishing ton - - ? v for one that it protects, and amis, too,, life ' ! w keeping up an internecine antagonism to- 1 sustain the upas tree of faction, under whose pestiferous shade the people wither away off the face of God's earth. It is surely a ad # to see, at this stage of the world, a British Minister surrounded by men calling t5iem» selves Christians, preaching division, animo- ' ' y sity, and hatred on an Orange platform. , ttJ^ . Some good-natured Nationalist thought th« .*? ' \ T ' ' ' 'l time had arrived for statesmen of all shades 60 rise above expediency and aim at princi ple ; to discard faction for the sake of the [people ; to adopt such laws as would modify Ohe system that gives to one sordid indivi dual, with a prefix to his name, the right to make miserable a whole country side of indus trious peasants ; to proclaim freedom and ©quality, because they are just before God and man ; to destroy monopoly, because it is a cancer in cue boay politic tbat eats away all thafc is sound, and finally consumes itself. Clearly J;he Ministry, of which the Irish Chief Secretary is an ornament, cannot then eotmtenance any of these things. And yefc T7© are aoked to aid, support, and cheer it on with our prayers and good wishes ! ! Why ©ur dearest interest lies in its overthrow, and the ruin of the power it represents. For this we are bound to watch and wait, for ^yhile it is strong the vicious policy we have endeavoured to expose and execrate must live ©ad flourish. — Mayo Examiner. DEATH 01? A EEMAEKABLE PRIEST. The Irish obituary of the year 1875, may h@ said to close with the lamented death of 1 one of the most remarkable priests remaining j in the Irish Church the Very Eev. Jeremiah j Halley, P.P., Dungarvan, V. F. Diocese of \ 'Waterford and Lismore, which event took ! place on Christmas Eve. Father Halley's i toirth coincides with the Eelief Act of 1792 3, ! which led to the Maynooth Act of 3796, j 00 that the venerable clergyman was in his j 83rd year, and had been parish priest of j Dungarvan, which includes the Parliament tary borough of tbat name, for somewhatHess ' than 50 yeais. He was the last remaining priest in the dliocese who had taken an active part in the celebrated election in the city of Watorford in 1826; when Mr. Stuart de Decies, the late baron of that name, defeated Lord George . Beresford, and set the noble example followed in Clare in 1828, in the re turn of O'Connell. Another reverend priest of the same period and same diocese, Father ; Nicholas Cantwell, P. P., Tramere, was ; called to his rest but a few months since ; the ' names of both having been most touchingly , referred to in the remarkable letter of the Bishop of Waterford in remitting £300, the diocesan contributions to the O'Connell Cen- : tenary Celebration. Not alone amid tha j din of the ? battle for emancipation, fight- ? ing by O'Connell, was Father Halley conspicuous, but, until coming years dimmed his strength, he was foremost when the cause of fatherland demanded his support. , Through his influence Dungarvan sent to Parliament -\ few of the best representatives I that Ireland ever had. Shiel, for example, , sat for that borough for several years, and ' Mr. John Francis Maguire for a still longer , period. One of the leading traits in the liie ' of Father Halley was his labours to obtain : Catholic education, and his inflexible opposi- 1 tjon continued to the moment of his death ! to all mixed systems. That diocese had always beera prominent in defence of Catho- j lie education, ages being unable to chill the ' ardour with which the faith of St. Carthage attracted thousands of students from various ( parts of Europe to the great school of Lis- ; more. It was to Dr. Hussey, Bishop of Waterford, that Edmund Burke made his '- celebrated appeal, that should Catholics ever entrust the education of their children to the British Government their ruin would bei complete. It was in the city of Waterford, fchat the venerable Edmund Rice planted the seed from which the great Irish Order of Christian Brothers has sprung. About the same period, 1807, Waterford was one of the first places to revive middle class and higher pc|ucatipn by £he foundation of St. John's (tiojlege. ' Tho to wjis in the diocese are gfcudded -with Christian schools, and with a jaumber of convents, scarcely one of the Jitters and none of the former being in re« #eipt of State Aid or trammelled by the re ? Etrictiona arising therefrom. When the Cistercians were banished from I»a Trappe, in France, a barren moor on the SOUtnern slopes ot the Jvnoekmaildoun mountains, overlooking the delightful valle}' of the Avoudhu, afforded them a dreary eamping-ground, which their hands have transformed into fertile fields, and where church, and school, and college preserve tho earnest faith and the love of letters taught in the plain, at their feet, in the school of Lis snore, by St. Carthage, upon whose ruins Xing John built the castle, afterwards tho property of Sir Walter Raleigh, which passed to the Boyles, where the philosopher of that name resided. Father Halley early introduced the Christian Brothers, and also She Presentation Nuns, to Dungarvan, and, at a later period, a branch of the Sisters of Merpy, these establishments being supported hj voluntary contribution?, wholly indepen dent of State control. As chaplain to tho ?Dungarvd'n workhouse from the introduction loF the Poor Law, thirty-five years ago, father Halley saw clearly that, with tho mixture of officials of different creeds a$d the exposed condition of many of fche children, through natural and moral orphanage, these destitute children noeded more than any others the plenitude of the influence of Catholic training. He felt tlia1 the mawkish and pernicious common Chris Sianity of the National School book, drawn ?Bip by Dr. Whateley and his friends, which cwao tho chiidxo& yiqxq allowed to uoo, wer.e insidiously .mischievous ; and that banishing from the schools for hours in tho day every symbol inspiring a Catholic sentiment, for bidding every practice, and proscribing every reference to the feelings of a Catholic, must dwarf the religions growth of the juvenile mind. Labouring hard Father. Halley suc ceeded in convincing a majority of the board of guardians that his views and arguments were sound ; whereupon they withdrew the workhouse schools from connection with the National Board, and banishing their books they ordered the introduction of the Chris tian Brothers' services. Even within a few davs of his death the venerable pastor had the happiness of another triumph on thesame field. Some of the guardians brought forward a motion to exclude from the workhouse the books of the Christian Brothers, but they were signally defeated. For little short of fifty years Father Halley had been pastor of the large and important parish of Dungar van, and of him it may morally and literally be said, ' If you seek his monument — look round.' On the eve of the great feast his feeble voice was able to lisp ' venite Adores mus,'1 and amid the benedictions of the flock that he loved, and the bishop and clergy that he loved, and the bishop and clergy that were proud of his life and labours, Father Halley was bidden, as we hops, to join the heavenly host in homage to that Divine Master whose faithful soldier he had been throughout a long life of dutiful devotion. The solemn funeral obsequies were at tended by the Bishop, by a large number of the clergy, by ten of thousands of people, and by the gentry of the district of all creeds. His remains were interred before the altar of the parochial church. — R. I. P. j . THE IRISH LANGUAGE. j A call for subscriptions has just been issued with the object of founding scholar. ; ships for the encouragement of Irish studies in the Irish Catholic University. I EEVIVAL OF IRISH ART ?WORKMANSHIP. : A very beautiful and remarkable specimen of art work, executed in the Celtic or oarly Irish style, has just been presented to his Eminence Cardinal Manning, by the Guild of the Cross, and may be seen at the archie piscopal residence in Westminster. Tt is a marble cross, modelled after those of Tuara and Clonniacnoise, but in place* of the usual carving there is a metal crucifix set in fila gree work of the most delicate and chaste design, the figure of Our Lord being of bur nished bronze, copied from a picture in an illuminated Irish manuscript of the 12th century period. This magnificent work of art stands nearly three feet high and the marbles used are — Kilkenny (black), Cork (red), and Galway (green), which are highly polished, and have a very flue effect. This most appropriate testimonial trom the Irish Catholics of London to his Eminence, was executed by T. C. Buckley & Co., of New Bond street, London, who are making ear* nest efforts to revive Irish art, and bring into prominence the natural resources of Ireland, for which they deserve the highest credit from all who wish well, to Hie laud who gave to the world a Barry. ????. Boyle, a Maelise, a Hogan, a Foley, arid .winy others, men that have been an honour to the country of their birth. Harper's Magazine gives an original anec dote of tbat most original and genial of men, Father Tom Burke. Father Burke, it is well ? Known, is one or tue simpiesc, lunaesc hearted rneil in the world, aud by kith and kin io almost worshipped. To his mother, of whom he is exceedingly fond, he said one day, 'Mother darling, wouldn't you like to go and hear my lecture to-night ? You've never heard it.' 'Yes, my son I think I'll go.' After the lecture Father Burke came home, and, after giving her a ringing kiss, said: 'What did you think of it.' 'I didn't hear it, my son.'' ' And why not, darling?' ' Because the crowd was too great I couldn't get in.1' ' Ah, mother dear, wasn't that too bad .' Just to think of ifc ! Why, if it hadn't been for you, dear, I wouldn't have been there myself.' DECAY OF THE IRISH LANGUAGE. This strange decadence of a beautiful and ancient language, Canon Bourke attributes to manifold causes. The first and. most im portant, after the burning of the Irish manu scripts by the Danes, was, in the opinion of the late Professor O'Ourry, the occurrence of the Anglo-Norman invasion : — The pro tracted conflicts between the natives and their invaders were fatal not only to the vigorous resumption of the study of our language, but also to the very existence of a great part of our ancient literature. The old practice of reproducing our ancient books and adding to them a record of such events as had occurred from the period of then1 first compilation, as well as the composition of new and independent works, was almost alto gether suspended. According to _ the same authority, the discovery of printing, at a subsequent period, makes works in other languagss much more easy of access than those transcribed by hand in the Irish toague. In addition to these causes quoted fyom 6'Curry, Canon Bourke l^elieves thafc fcJse prospective enactments of Edward III. nsi Henry VIII., and tho -Penal Ifewa .c^&gS; j Catholics were xnainlw fosfE'uraoTitel va -£!¥- I couraging tho use aiici' atutlv? of the Hxkfc3 IqI tho $oi$3 of Edwasd Iffi.? c ©testate gjnmsi C3 ? .Kilkenny forbade every porson of English descent, or even of Anglo-Norman extraction from using the Irish language, under pain of forfeiture of his lands. In the reign of the ' monarch of the many wives,' the spirit of the statute of Edward was revived. But it was by the Penal Laws against the Catholics that the most deadly blow was levelled at the Celtic tongue. Every Catholic was at that time an Irish speaker, and the fury of the soldiery and yeomen was indiscriminately directed against persons speaking the Irish language, and those professing the Catholic religion. ' Though slowly, yet surely,' says Canon Bourke, ' the prohibition against the Irish language, the contempt, the deterrent action of the yeomen, the knowledge that no one step could be taken upwards in the 30cial scale without a knowledge of the tongue of those in power, made the Irish peasant feel the necessity not only of learning English, but also, as he thought, of despising and ignoring the- language of his fathers. From this view resulted the following barbarous practice : — It was usual until lately for parents living in the country districts to have what they called scores or a small tablet, tied to a string-, and suspended from the necks of their children. On this tablet the parents were in the habit of cutting a notch or mark each time the growing boy or girl spoke Irish at home, so that tho heart less anti-Irish pedagogue should inflict an equal namber of slripes next day at school on the innocent delinquent. His Grace the Archbishop has several times assured the writer that he had, in the days of his youth, suffered from speaking his mother tongue.' — ' Connaugh't Telegraph.' THE NATIONAL SPIBIT IN TI1INITY COLLEGE. A very remarkable ' sign of tho times,' — an evidence ot the growth of national feeling in quarters where it would be least expected — came under my notice (says the Dublin correspondent of the Irish American of 27th Jan.) a few evenings ago. I saw in the morning paners of Thursday, under the heading ''University intelligence/' an an nouncement thafc. at a meeting of tho Trinity College Philosophical Society to be held that evening, a paper would bo road by Mr. Walter W. F. Starkie. on Ci The Young Ire land Party,1' I thought I would have a look in, and hear what might be s lid for good or ill of that gifted and gallant band of men At the hour named— S p.m.— I made my viay into the handsome ' New Building,' in the centre of the college grormds, in which the lecture was to be delivered, Soms fow students and as many strangers ?were in the room. Soon afterwards the lecturer, the office-bearers of the soeiel3r, and a number of its members carue on tho scene. After some formal business had been disposed of the auditor called on Nlv. Starkie to road his paper. Thafc gentleman, a young man of some, what massive build, then placed his maim, script on a desk, which was rather low for reading purposes, then stooped over it as if he required to have it close to his eyes, and, leaning his elbow on tho desk, commenced to read. His voice vras not loud, nor was his enunciation very distinct, and the position in which he stood, with his head bent over the paper, was still further unfavourable to his being well heard throughout the room. But he was listened to with the utmost atten tion, and frequently applauded while he read what was a brilliant eulogium on ' The Youne Ireland Partv,'' and a hoartv and loving defence of the principles of Irish nationality. I was not a little astonished as I listened to the eloquent essay whioh was being read, and saw the manner in which it was being received. The surprising thing was not that such a paper was written within the walls of Trinity College, it was thafc it should be read there, before one of its recognized societies, and well received. Discussions on the political questions of the present day are forbidden by the rules of the society ; but in treating of the Young Jrelanders and their work, Mr. Starkie was able to introduce several references of a most friendly kind, to the present Home Rule movement. JTohn Martin could not have treated the same subject in a more thoroughly national spirit. R£r. Starkie did not apolo gise for the Young Irelanders — he cham pioned them ; he showed that his sympathy with therm was not of a merely literary kind it was political, and went with them through the whole of their career. The spirit of his essay will be understood when I state that he closed it by reciting the last two stanzas of the poem, ' Who fears to speak of '98,' commencing with the lines — ' They rose in dark and evil days, to right their native land.' And that in the concluding line he altered one word.1, making it read thus :— ''And true mon, bo ye men, like those of ' Eorfcy-eight. '? On, his resuming his seat, he was loudly applauded, .lifow, of course, came a bit of a debate, Mr, John Ross moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, praised him for its form and style, but took occasion to differ from his estimate of the Young Ireland party, who, he thought, contemplated uncon Ofci'utioiinl proceedings. Mr. Power 330 mded the vote of thajiV«j, j defeated the lectui or, and contepdsd tfeat 'ihn \ 'EomiQ, Isoleaders were a §jot: eU-sa Edfc oH : fellows, who deserved to have everything good said of them. Mr. Findlater, in supporting the vote of thanks, took the same view. He was proud to aay there were relatives of his engaged in the Forty-eight movement. They did nothing only what was right under the cir cumstances Tho auditor then asked did any other member wish to speak, and, their being no response, he inquired if any stranger wished to speak. Thereupon a -young man named Scully, a law-student, stood up and spoke very volubly for some time. He objected to the change made by Mr. Starkie in the poem he had read. The '98 men had reason to rebel, the '48 men had not. They were a foolish party and ended in the cabbage gar den. O'Connell was a wise patriot and would have dons his country service, but the Young Irelanders raarred his work, and they merited only condemnation. 'When Mr. Scully sat down the auditor made the sameinquiries as before, in response to which another stranger arose, offered some corrections to Mr. Ross and Mr. Scully, and made grateful references to the services rendered by the Young Irelanders to the literature of their country. Soon afterwards the discussion wag brought to a close. Mr. Starkie replied to his critics, and the auditor wound up the proceedings by a very good humoured addrea^ in which ho s?,id that the debate had g' ne aomewhat bevond the limits prescribed by the Philosophical Society ; that it would nevor suit them to have many nights uf that kind; but that a few of them would do no harm if conducted with a similar degree of good taste and good temper. So ended a pleasant, and to my mind, a hopeful evening. Surely we will hoar moro of these young men who spoke out so boldly, and some of them so e'everly, for the princi ple of Irish nationality, on that occasion^ beneath tho roof of ' old Trinity.' TFiK HOME KULE CAMPAIGN. No less than fourteen bills were placed on the order book of the House of Commons on this — tho first— night of the session. On the same night (says the Nation of tho 12th February)the total number of all other bills introduced in the interest of England and Scotland only barely exceeded this number. Wo read that as the Home llu^c members rose, one after another, something like cc-n^ s'ernation prevaded the surrounding benches. How masterly a stroke was this may easily bo seen from an observation of a correspon dent of that impartial journal, tho Daily Ex press, on the Burials Bill of the Welsh member, Mr. Oaborne Morgan. 'It will not be introduced to-movrow,' is the lugubrious complaint of this writer, telegraphing on Tuesday night, ' till a vast number of other |? ? private members ' bills have been brought ia ' and read a first time. The gentlemen,' he , ?: adds, referring to the Home Bulers and / ': others, ' who have charge of those measures | i|; have thus the choice of the Wednesdays of j ° the session.' From so good a beginning y?o ?; have much hope, and we are sure the Irish [ ' people share our expectations. ;; EXTIIAOEDINABY FJ1EAK OP A TOPRIST' ^ An American tourist disported himself ia [: a singular manner in the district of Bal lingarry recently. Having paid a visit to- J the residence of Mr. -Chawke, where a wake ; was going on, he almost bathed the corpse in j - tears, but being cheered with a little whiskey , ;? changed his strain of melancholy to that of ;^ song. He was then ejected from the house, i f but in the process of removal attempted to [ !.c stab Mr. Chawke, jun. In tho removal ho ( used an American sling shot and dagger. He subsequently called at tho house of a Mrs. Keating, where he brok open two boxes* . ;_, and was kicking her in a brutal manner when- ?'?,- some neighbours came to her rescue, pinioned \tt the assailant, and took him to the nest police y !.l? barrack. — Cork Examiner. \~f-- AN IEISH LAND CASE. l,^' At Wexford, on January 8 th, a land case jj,!^ was neara in wnicu a tenant named in em claimed compensation from Captain Barratt, for eviction from his holding, which con sisted of 118 acres of reclaimed land, let to him in 1870 by a former landlord, at a rent of £237 a year, payable in advance. The rent was paid punctually, but the lands hav ing bean sold in the Landed Estates Court and purchased by Captain Barratt, he served notice to quit upon the tenant, who now claimed a year's rent and i-63-f for improve^ ments. The laudlord claimed £600 as. a spt; off for deterioration. The evidence as to, the. trea:ment and condition of the land was-, conflicting, and the chairman said ho would take time to consider it ; but ha, would eeir* tainly grant the amount of a year's rent ? claimed, he considered the. case one of capricious eviotion. SINGULAR SCENE IN A GRAVEYAKD. I have just heard, says the Armagh cor respondent of the Belfast News-Letter, of a most extraordinary occurrence at Tully sarn, a place about four miles from this oitj^ and which caused a stir of &n; unusuals character in that quiet neighbourhood. Ife, appears that about a fortnight ago a, youngrJ married woman, named Nelson was foun,d( dead i,n her bed. and an inqnest was held, qu, the 'body by Mr. T. G. Peel, when % coroner's jury returned a. verdict, to the effect that ejeotb, nyoae from disoaap-d^/thQ.'bcjEs:^ . ™ung woman was buried in Tullysarn /Si and as she had only been ! ? d I about six weeks, a good deal of ! ' pflthy was felt for the husband at his ! % Wife's early demise. She had been '' % for more than a week, when a man ; ,w the graveyard heard what he con.. S uneeafthly moanine that he thought ?- {torn the grave of Mrs. Nelson. He ;ted what he had heard, but no one paid attention to him at first. However, the following a young girl passing the grave !.,i heard similar sounds from the same ! '??* and she also told her story. Then the I ,le became excited, and the idea took ! ession of them that the young woman 1 been buried alive. A party went and ! -mded permission to open the grave, i they were refused, upon which the people ie whole countrywide gathered, and the ! 'e was opened. When the lid was taken ihe coffin the corpse was in the same ) as when deposited there, not the sign of ovement having taken place being visible. affair created quite an excitement for ! i, and many people hold strange super i ons in consequence. I -\HE WILL OF THE LATE JAMES DUFFY. i suit was instituted in the Probate Court ! week (says the Nation of February 5!;h) ? itablish thb will of the late James Duffy, Wellington- quay and Harcourt- street, iisher. Mr. Duffy died in 1871, and by I yill, which was executed in the preceding ?fch, he distributed the property, which is dderable, the personal estate being over i ,000, among his children. The plaintiff, { is the second, but eldest surviving, son j lie testator, disputed tlie will on the f ;ud of undue execution— -namely, that a j ber of interlineations had been made in | i'ter its execution. Judge 'Warren, on s iday, confirmed the former probate^ of j ;. with the exception of an interlineation ! Acting premises in Essex street. This ! .ation appeared to have been made after I ,vill was executed, and therefore the pro | , did not include it. ; IHPOETANT DECISION. ; 'ie Court of Exchequer delivered judg i ion Saturday, 29th January, in an im mfc question— namely, whether legacies ;;?? for the purpose of having Masses said [?? ' the soul of the testator are liable to ' jy duty. The proceeding was brought he Attorney-General against the Roman : iolic Bishop of Cork. The legacies and tests were contained in the will of the ' Eliza O'Regan of Cork, who left £5000 te defendant, in trust, to be devoted to :; Hallows College for the education of its for foreign missions, and £180 to priests for celebrating 720 masses for i'epose of the souls of herself and her ^er. The Lord Chief Baron, in deliver the judgment of the Court, held the bequests, in order to be charitable, ?i be for purposes by which the public ; Id be benefited and edified. If there been any obligation that they should be in public, the bequests, in his opinion, Id have been charitable. The bequest to College was not made with any obligation the money should be expended in Ire ; therefore, it was not for a charitable ;ose in Ireland, and was liable to duty. v.V; Court, therefore, held that all the ,:? iies and bequests were liable to the ordi ;.. ?:?: duty — namely, ten per cent. Baron usgerald, while agreeing in the judgment, id he was not to be understood as agreeing i ihe decision that if the Masses were to be bbrated in public, the object would have : i charitable. THE VALUE OF TENANT EIGHT. n illustration of what the value of tenant t really is (says' the Perry Standard) was 'y furnished at the sale of the tenant's 'CSt in a farninf land ni. 'Rln.ncrh. n.hmifc a. and a half from Coleraine. The farm, A contains 22a. 3r. 26p , is held by lease -hirty-one years, from the 29 th Septem 1871, without prejudice to any right, 1 n, or interest enjoyed under the Irish d Act, under the Coleraine town coin .ionei-s, at an annual rent of £25. It ud be stated that there is a good house i suitable offices on the holding. The took place consequent upon the death of tenant, Mr. David Esdale, when the petition was spirited in the extreme, and 1 amount realized only a little short of [ marvellous. ' The biddings began at j 0- tlie second being £500; .from which | J ran up rapidly to £720,' at ' which1 the nises were declared to have been pur ]ed by Mr. James Greer, of the same ^ nland, who thus gives almo3t twenty-nine f'n rental of the farm. XttlS MARTYItS OF IEI3H LIBERTY.' .large audience assembled at Boston 3ic Sal;l on Sunday evening, Jan. 30, to \- a lecture by Mr. O'Connor Power, | -J. for Mayo, in a,id of the Carney Hospi : on the subject— ' The Martyrs of Irish i mty.' He was introduced in a graceful 1 reBs by Mr. John Farley, and' was very I vdj received. The lecturer began by I iting out that one of the brightest pages | the world's history is that which records j sacrifice of the Irish people in defence of | 'i' national independence. The H,ehje73s 1 'is of Owen Roe O'Neill, Sarsfield' and I {I1 Irishmen were pointed to, and ,tho -n, whiph they taught of the' spirit be. i queathed from sire to son. Coming down to the period of the French Revolution, the formation of the United Irishmen was alluded to. It was founded by Theobald Wolfe Tone at Belfast, in 1791, for the double purpose of advocating reform in the Irish Parliament and religious liberty for Irish Catholicg. Dr. Power told in glowing words what Wolfe Tone had done in America, France, and Holland to find allies for the Irish national cause, and dwelt forcibly on his great sympathy a3 a Protestant for the oppressed Catholics. While the struggle fos? Irish independence was goinft forward on the IrisH battlefields in 1798, the principles of fche United Irish men were being advocated within the walls of Trinity College, Dublin. Amongst the members of the Historical Debating Society of that venerable institution there was a young student— Robert Emmet— who was destined to enroll his name in the list of martyrs for Irish freedom and to transmit that name to a glorious immortality. In 1802 we find him in the counsils of the Irish re fugees in the city of Paris, imagining and devising new means for the overthrow of English despotism in Ireland. Before Emmet left France, he sought and obtained an interview with Napoleon, then First Consul of the Republic, and obtained from him nattering promises of assistance when» ever he took the fiold in Ireland. But neither hig own countrymen on the one hand nor his foreign allies on the other kept their engagements. Emmet was condemned to deat.b, and on the 20th of September, 1803, his blood flowed from the public scaffold in Thomas-street. No two Irishmen can be n.imeJ who accomplished more for Irish nationality, though working on different principles, than Daniel O'Connell and Thomas Davis. If you would con template one who combined in the very highest degree many of tlie noble qualities for which Ireland's patriots have been distinguished, you must fix upon Daniel O'Connell. He reflected the characteristics of some of the greatest men whicn Ireland has ever produced. He united the eloquence of G-rattan with the courage of Wolfe Tone, the intrepidity of Lord Edward Fitzgerald with the wisdom of Edmund Burke, the humour of Swift with the wit of Sheridan, and the enthusiasm of Emmet with the tenderness of Moore. Thomas Davis was one of the young and ardent followers of Daniel O'Connell, who early grew tired of peaceful constitutional agitation, and from the establishment of the Nation newspaper, to the day of his untimely death, for he died at the early age of 33 years, when his bril liant intellect and noble faculties were ripen ing, and he had given promise of accomplish ing great things for his native land, he was fc&e; recognized head and leader of the 'Young Ireland Party.' Mr. , Power, whose fervid eloquence won enthusiastic applause from the audience throughout, concluded by reference to the Manchester ^martyrs, and the lessons of patriotism and self-sacrifice they taught. MISCELLANEOU S. A long discussion took place at the meet ing of the Lurgan board of guardians on Thursday week {says the Nation of Feb. 5), relative to the monument proposed to be erected in the public burial ground at Porta inore, in memory of William Harbison, one of the Fenian prisoners, who diedin Antrim Gaol in 1867. Some of the guardians complained that the object of the monument was ' to perpetuate the memory of a Fenian martyr,' and the board decided to consult the Local Government Board before giving their decision. Mrs. Rose Gallagher, nee Boyle, died latelv atDunlewey, at the very advanced ago of 112 years. During her long life she r^ever took any medicine, and was possessed of all her mental faculties up to the hour of ! her death. It is somewhat remarkable that she died on the same day on which a name sake, Owen Boyle, of Glenties, same county, died, in his 105th year. The Protestant Dean of Boss, the Rev. W. Stannus, died on Sunday evening at his residence, Lisburn. The deceased was born in Queen's county, January, 1788. After completing bis college course, he entered the army, but subsequently took orders in the Protestant Church. In 1817 he was ap pointed agent of the Hertford Estate. At the death of Lord Hertford, in 1870, Sir Jtichard Wallace became the proprietor of £he ' property, and appointed Mr. Capron agent, but ' granted the dean a pension of £500 a year. ' '' ' ' Rev. P. J. Callaghan, of the diocese of Cloyne, has sent his first remittance of £250 collected in the diocese of Adelaide. South Australia, for the completion of the Queens* town Cathedral. The death is announced of Captain James Morgan, harbour master in Drogheda for many years . The works for the erection of a clock-tower and spire in connection with the Redenip torist Church in Limerick have been com menced. The entire expense, about £6000 or £7000. will be borne by the late Hi?h [: Sheriff, Dr. O'Shauglmassy, father of Mr. ; R, O'Sh'iugnessy, M.P. u The death in anaounced or C. Cregan, jEgq., T.C., merchant, Navan0 aged forty- six The dignity of baronetcy is about to be conferred on several members of Parlia* ment, including Mr. Leslie, M.P. for Mona ghan. The Dublin Gazette publishes a series of proclamations by his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant revoking the proclamations of March and December, 1866, applying the Peace Preservation Act to the whole of Kildare and Wicklow counties, the barony of Kuockninny, in Fermanagh, and the parishes of Warrenpoint and Clonallen, in the county Down. These counties and districts are, therefore, relieved in great part from the operation of harrassing enact ments which had long grown unnecessary. In the case of Hampden v. Walsh, an action to recover £500 deposited on a bet to prove the rotundity of the earfcb, the Queen's Bench division have found a verdict for the plaintiff. A case not less important than curious came before the chairman of Quarter Ses- \ sions in Belfast, on January 20. The action was brought by Mr. Webb, merchant, of Randalstown, against Duncan Malcolm, of 18 Victoria-street, Belfast, for a sum of £22 7s Id, amount of loss and damage alleged to be sustained by him from the fact that defendant sold him wall-paper containing arsenic, which poisoned his children and obliged him to call in medical aid. The children were all affected in the same way — tad ulcerated sore throats, swollen lips, and a general languor. The case was dismissed. At the Killarney land sessions a claim was entered by Mr. Morty Buckley to register improvements in his holding to the value of £1320. Mr. Buckley holds an under lease, of which there are yet eight years to run. The claim was disputed by the landlord, Mr. Bernard, on the ground that the build ings vrc-re unsuitable to the farm. The chairman reserved his decision. ihe Crowbar Brigade on the Kenmore Estate.— Mr. W. Harnett, Sub-Sheriff, ar rived January 1O; from Tralee, for the purpose of evicting a large number of tenants who had been decreed for possession for either nou-payment of rent or over-holding His first visib was to be to Tiernabowl to dispossess Cornelius Sullivan for nonpay ment, but in consequence of the extreme severity of the weather— the country being covered with snow—deferred the proceedings until Thursday. Three other localities on the same estate — viz., Bullock, Cummeen, and Ardnanagh — will come within his func tions after performing such in Tiernabowl. In the former locality as many as twenty families will be put out, and about ten fami lies in Cummeen. 