THEATRE ROYAL. MR. G. D. CHAPLIN A3 HAMLET. Saturday night began a new season at the Theatre, when the lately-arrived star, Mr. G. U. Chaplin, made his first appearance in South Australia in the character of the Danish Prince. The house was crowded in three parts, as is usually the case in Adelaide when Shakspearian drama is presented, but the boxes were but poorly patronised. In these days of blatant self-assertion, and undeserved and it is to be feared in many instances purchased newspaper puffs, one is quite unable to form any real idea of the quality of an actor or actress until their performance has been actually witnessed. Mr. Chaplin has come amongst us quietly and unostentatiously enough, nor have we been able to gather anything of his antecedents than that the Sydney papers spoke of as a creditable and conscientious actor, who had capably supported Mrs. Scott 8iddons during her recent engagement in that city. This opinion we are able to endorse, but whether he is anything more his portrayal of other rdles will have to prove. , It is rather unfortunate that Mr. Chaplin mould have chosen to make his dSmt in the part of " Hamlet, tbe Dane," than which it would be impossible to pick a more difficult one, or one in which on account of its popularity and familarity an actor would be likely to be more closely criticised. It is true that inferior performers have often made a comparative suoceBs in the part, owing to the fact that from its inherent excellence Hamlet in stage parlance tp a great extent acts itself. Yet few will be disposed to question that even for the high-class artist the character is full of the gravest intricacies. To begin with, comes the first question as t9 the true condition of the intellect of the unfortunate hero. There are the three standpoints so often and BO unsatisfactorily discussed from which to view this complex conception of tiie dramatist:—First, that Barnlet was ' no more nor less than a highly-educated lunatic. Second, that he was only mad north-north- west. In other words, that having a sanguineous nervous organization, with a highly strung poetic temperament, he would be predisposed to and was really afflicted with dementia or intermittent madness. This to our mind is the most consistent idea, although by no means the most generidly popular. Third, that Hamlet's madness was entirely assumed, and that he. was truly a perfectly sane man; which is the view usually adopted for the purpose of dramatic representation, because it throws fewer difficulties in the path of the performer. But in order to present Hamlet in this light, and yet preserve in him some semblance of a hero or even of a true man and a gentleman, considerable portions of the text have to be entirely sacrificed. Mr. Chaplin adopts the popular view, but although his impersonation is a painstaking and intelligent one, it is far from realising our ideal of Shakespeare's sublime conception. In the first place, though that is no fault of his, Mr. Chaplin cannot look the part, he being a man in build and general appearance not unlike Signor Rosnati, so that when he speaks the words "Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would melt," or " but no more like my father than I to Hercules," the incongruity is somewhat marked. In Mr. Chaplin's impersonation were many passages which were excellently rendered. These were for the most part lines where no great depth of feeling, either passionate or pathetic, was to bo conveyed. For the former his voice is unsuited, for it is rather husky, and he has the habit when speaking forcibly of gasping between his words in a manner which is very unpleasant to hear. For portions requiring pathos, his nature does not seem to be sufficiently emotional nor his tones sympathetic enough to bring out the full feeling of the part. Mr. Chaplin has adapted some new and in instances by no means improved readings of certain passages, and at times exhibits a very extraordinary style of punctuation. Nor is he by any means perfect in the text. The best mode, however, to convey an idea of his impersonation will be to follow him through the piece. In the second scene, where Hamlet first appears, the star was received with an encouraging round of applause, but it was some time before he warmed to his work. The first instance in which we noticed a departure from the That can denote me truly—these, indeed. ; seem,"&c.; Mr, Chaplin's rendering of the last line was— " That can denote me. Truly, these indeed seem," which to our mind is not nearly so good as the old reading. Shortly afterwards come the words— " It is not nor it cannot come to good." This would be the correct emphasis, but which was given— ; " It is not nor it cannot come to good." In the scenes with Horatio and Marcellus a decided improvement was manifested, and the interview with the Ghost, if not all that might be desired, was yet fairly impressive. Here, however, was a noticeable transposition in the text. Instead of crying— "Hi hillo,boy—come, bird, come," Hamlet called to Horatio— " Hi hillo, bird—come, boy, come." Li Act II., scene 2, the lines— "And yet to me what is this quintessence of dust ? Man delights not me," were spoken thus— "And yet to me what is this {a long pause) .'quintessence of dust V But worse still: the famous phrase, on which heije has been so muoh comment, but which we A T H T F T S thought had been settled for ever—" I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly I know a hawk from a hernshaw," was actuially delivered—"I know a hawk from a herq—Pshaw!" throwing from him the two spies. Novplty with a vengeance. It would have been infinitely more preferable had he used the word which was employed for some time—" handsaw ;" but seeing that a htmsltaw and a heron, the ordinary quarry at which the hawk was flown, are one and the same, there does not seem much difficulty about the lines. The passages re the bestowal of the players were spoken with an amount of quiet dignity that was very appropriate; and the monologue, "Oh what a rogue and peasant slave am I," was also effectively rendered. " To be or not to be," though it lacked somewhat in feeling, was not badly given. Mr. Chaplin neither sits nor stands during the whole time, but sinks into a chair on the o.p. side at the words, "To die, to Eleep," rising and moving about after saying, "Thus conscience does make oowards of us alL" Inhisscene with Ophelia, assuming the idea that Hamlet is really sane, Mr. Chaplin was rather too rough and boisterous; and here again he was sadly out in tbe text, his version beiog in one place, " You make to yourself one face, and God has given you another." The speech to the players was well delivered, with goad emphasis and effect. In the play EC6ne too, he was for the most part effective, but finished up with the glaring mis quotation—"For some must sleep while some must watch. So runs the wjr!d away." In the closet scene were several extremely good points, among which was the change ot tone from that of strong passion to deep awe on the entrance of the ghost, which by the way actually appears—in our opinion, an error, as it is supposed to be seen by Hamlet alone. But in this scene too there were errors. Take for instance the words "Mother, you have my father much offended," which was given " Mother, you have my father much offended." The accent decidedly should be on " you," and only in a secondary degree on " my father." Mr. Chaplin uses the two miniatures, and although for this there i3 high authority we must confess to preferring the large portraits on the wall. More feeling was, however, manfested throughout the interview with the Queen than in almost any other part. In Act III., scene 3. the words " Farewell, dearmother," instead of being addressed to the Kin? as they ehou'd have been, were spoken whilst Hamlet's back was turned towards His Majesty, making the context disconnected. In Act IV. Mr. Chapliu was at his best. He was effective in the grave scene, and especially so in the lines, "I loved Ophelia," &c.;, into which great earnestness was thrown. We do not think, however, that the words, " To what base uses may we return, Horatio !" were improved by the new punctuation, " To what base uses may we return. Horatio, why may not,"&c.; To be consistent i Mr. Chaplin should have rendered a preceding line thus—" I knew him. Horatio, a fellow of infinite jest," _ which would be manifestly erroneous. It is open to some degree of doubt which is correct—"The c»t will mew, the dog will have his day," or, "The cat will mew. The dog will have his biy." Mr. Chaplin takes the former, and we do not blame him; but at the same time strongly hold that the latter reading is the more probable. The final scete, in spite of some departures from the text, was on the whole well rendered, and at the end of the play, as indeed at tbe termination of each act, Mr. Chaplin was recalled and greeted with hearty tokeis of approval. The remaining dramatis persona were, take them altogether, efficiently portrayed. We We certainly seen Miss Stephenson to better advantage than as the gentle Ophelia. In the earlier acts she did well enough, but in the mad scene was much too self-conscious and melodramatic. Nor did she succeed in looking like a mad girl. Mr. Towers would have done well as the First Gravedigger, but that he fell into a fault to which he is too prone—that is of not learning his part and consequently "gagging" unbluthingly. Whilst this may be allewable in ordinary low comedy it is not to be tolerated in - Shakspearian drama. Miss Grey made a most creditable appearance as the Queen. Conadering the palpable disadvantages under which die laboured she succeeded admirably. Mr. Qasker as PcloniuB, Mr. Rainford as the Ghost, Mr. Brown as Horatio,. and Mr. Boothman as Laertes, all fairly portrayed the part for which they were cast, and the minor' r61es were also respectably filled. " Hamlet" wilL be repeated this evening, and on Tuesday the new star appears in "Othello." 