THE TOWERS FAMILY AT THE TOWN HALL. It is rarely indeed that we are favored with performances exhibiting such a varied combina- tion of talent as forms the characteristics and the attractions of the Towers family. We feel assured that, despite the high expectations which had been raised, and the fame which had preceded them here, there was not an individual in the vast audience which crowded the Town Hall to excess on Wednesday evening, who did not feel that previous expectations were more than realised, and that the glowing accounts which have reached us were but a confirmation of actual facts. In this feeling we warmly participate, and there can be little doubt that during the Towerses' short stay amongst us, their entertainments will ensure a liberal patronage. Of course the "bright particular star of the family is Miss Towers,-a young lady who really deserves all the lavish praise bestowed upon her by the colonial press. She has an expressive countenance, an easy presence, and a clear flexive voice. She is, moreover, gifted with a wonderfully versatile genius, which is apparently quite natural, and not the result of forced or precocious training. Equally pleasing in another direction is Mrs. Towers, who does not, we presume, affect to shine in the histrionic art, but who is possessed of very agreeable vocal abilities. She is also an accomplished pianiste. Her voice is rich, clear, and pleasing, and judiciously modulated, while her manner is sufficiently engaging-with an utter absence of excessive gesture in singing-to place her at once on good terms with the audience. Mr. Towers himself is also a capital comedian, and delineator of female characters. Then, again, there is little Katie-an intelligent looking child said to be only five years old, but who has evidently inherited the family genius. When the programme opened, we were presented to the whole family "at home," and Mrs. Towers introduced herself to the audience in Emmet's pretty ballad entitled "Lullaby," which she sang in a really pleasing voice, and with a strict regard to the principles of the art. Miss Rosa Towers next came forward in the character of a German Emigrant, with an un- pronounceable name and a weakness for lager beer a capital assumption, which elicited roars of laughter. Equally provocative of vitality was Mr. Tower's impersonation of Tim Flaherty, with the song "Irish Daddy" which was rapturously applauded. He next assumed the character of a stage struck youth, in the course of which we were also introduced to Miss Towers as Miggs the " wall of the streets an impersonation which she has rendered very popular by her peculiar intelligence in its embodiment. There is a song nobody's Child," incidental to the character (a juvenile of the street Arab classes genus unknown as yet in this colony and it was so irresistibly rendered that she had to repeat it in accordance with a vote perfectly unanimous. Mr. Towers as Policeman X. Y.Z. created roars of laughter, and Mrs. Towers followed with a very pleasing song, in which her voice was heard to much advantage. Mr. Towers next introduced us to Lizette (a poor German Flower Girl's very successful impersonation, though we hardly think the dress was altogether appropriate to the character This was followed by a duet entitled "Knocking at the Gate," which was effectively rendered by Miss Towers and the lateral head of the family; after which Mrs. 'Towers sang one of Balfe's ballads (2 Killarney") with admirable taste and precision, and elicit- ing deserved plaudits. Mr. Powers's assump- tion of the character of Melinda Clementina Anastasia was a really capital impersonation, as was also Miss Towers's presentment of Sally . . a Cramps, a maid of all work, character which she represented with much liveliness and fidelity to nature. Then followed a domestic scene introducing us to Gray-the heroine, we believe of a drama written by Mr. Towers himself, and entitled "Grateful." It brought the first part of the programme to a very successful termina- tion. After the usual intermission, Miss Katie Towers made her debut, and the little lady received a most cordial reception. She sang and acted " The Five Ages of Woman," in a most engaging manner, and the audience marked its approval of her exertions by irresistibly demand- ing an encore. The performance concluded with an operatic comedietta entitled " The Swiss Cottage," in which the various characters were excellently delineated by Mr., Mrs., and Miss Towers. Last night there was an entire change in the programme, and, in addition to other attractions the audience were introduced to two real ghosts, imported to order by Mr. Towers for the delec- tation of the youthful portion of his patrons. Among the characters impersonated by Miss Towers in the course of the evening, the most successful was that of " Grif" another waif of the street, and the hero or, at any rate, the moving spirit in the dramatised version of Mr. Farjeon'8 novel bearing that name. The embodiment was an admirable performance. - All the minute touches which make up the artistic whole of this striking impersonation of the little street gamin were presented with remarkable skill, and won for the young actress the applause of the house. Miss. Towers also admirably im- personated another of the characters in the same drama and Zachariah Blemish, " a very moral man likewise one of the characters in Mr. Farjeon's dramatised work could not certainly have found a more worthy representative than Mr. Frank Towers. Mrs. Towers and little Katie appeared together in several impersona- tions during the evening, and very favorably impressed the audience. Miss Towers also received special marks of approbation for her charming impersonation of " The Daughter of the Regiment," with the usual accompaniment in the shape of a drum solo. The programme concluded with a Protean- sketch, entitled "The Four Sisters," in which the whole family, minus little Miss Katie, assumed parts. There were several songs incidental to the characters per- sonified by Miss Towers, all of which elicited hearty and copious applause. This Protean sketch brought to a close one of the most varied and pleasing performances we could wish to attend and, as the stay of the company is not likely to be long, and there will be fa change in the programme nightly, we expect to see a crowded house on the occasion of each entertainment. 