ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, 4c. Last Saturday night the bill of the Theatre Royal included two pieces-to wit " King Rent's Daughter" and the "Honeymoon." They have both. Salt now, that sort of novelty which oomeefrom comparative nnfamiiiarity. Until 8atnrday night neither of them had been played for a long time, *o that, etthbttgh they ax* quite the opposite of strange to thocw who have any sort of experience of the Metboorne stage, they &ra; probably iiewtoa good many other peosle, espectaSf Xfos'e most poetic drama. Andfnthis, tbepertof Iolanthe may be regarded m among the tanderestand subtlest of dramatic creations She faf abeiog wbonltt ianearly impossible to represent npon the stage with eh efainlute oDnformity to tratb. She bas in her eo little thattseartby, and such a large proportion of thepuely .spiritual, that even teiyxefibed aolingcan 4o little more than subdue the greatness ol material which the inevitabilities of histrionic "bottom" almost render it impossible qnlte to oonoeeL It woaii be eeeyio expend upon the pioosMoTdepioiixift thto rate imagining of a true twotHaramatist, ao gmoh feeling aa to apofl itbymfcietJt lachrymose. On the «ther han4,the;**ir t^if««hemio»flf a danger of doing thSs,«ng< tests a possible risk of nndne tamonsss end flatqese., lolanthe ia like express! vemnsio on a still summer evening. It should be pianissimo, tat yet perfectly distinct, *vpry m>tf declaring tteetf, but with so tender *nd <?haetew4 'ftto be rather a dreem of nmfie 4h«p a palpable oan<mwioo,of M, ScottSUdone m tfae executant, It mar » said that she strikes tbe notes with a firm, well-regulated touch, bringiog out the sound fairly enough, but not characteristically. It is clever and w611>prep*red. There are no false notes, and the time is good; bat jou miss the tenderness, the sweetness, the half-melancholy, wbioh are so necessary to move you to tears, or to thrill yoa with a soft delight Yoft admit the propriety, the exact ness, and tbe finish, but you discover no instinct of involuntary grace, no charm of unprotected witchery. That habit of mea sured pronunciation, which seems to have been a part of Scott-Siddona'fl elocu tionary training, is more manifest in this performance of Iolanthe than in any other I have yet seen her play. As I have said before, it is not a positively unpleasant habit, but It confessedly stands in the way of a perfectly natural result. It almost of ne cessity draws away the attention from the character to the actress; and this, no doubt, is the effect1, more or less, of all mannerismg. They hinder naturalness. Many years ago I saw Helen Fauoifc play Iolanthe. I have since seen probably Biz or seven other ladies in the character, bat I always go back to Helen Faucit She came nearest to what I can imagine the character would be in reality. Her voice had that softness and lowness, which, as we know, is such an excellent thing in woman, bat which probably only one woman in a thousand possesses. And of all actresses I ever saw, she seemed to reflect the deeper meaning of the character she played. You could go below the characters themselves into their denotements, and it was especially so in tins part of Iolanthe. I wonder sometimes if she has any successor. Iolanthe is so prominently the character of the piece that there is but little to be said of the rest. They do no more than give occasion for the development and exercise of her attributes. Nevertheless, it is certain that Mr. Dampier felt the true meaning of what he had to interpret, and that he acted with a very marked and appropriate manli ness.' Mr. Appleton took the humorous view of his character, and he was quite right to do so, although it would have been equally permissible to look at it from a different standpoint. As the King, Mr. Stuart O'Brien was happily invested. As the Physician, Mr. Lawrence was just a little less happy; and as a Knight of that mediaeval period, Mr. Bolton was as little like what heassnmed to personate, as a tame duck is like a bird of paradise. In the "Honeymoon" Mrs. Soott-Siddons showed what she really can do. To say that she revelled in the fun for which.the part of Juliana gives opportunity, is only imperfectly to describe what she does with it. If bur lesque had not gone ont of fashion, and Mrs. Scott-Siddpns were not indissolubly wedded to the higher drama, she would make a deep mark in that claes of stage representation. It was amusing beyond description, to see her effervescing, corrnscating, babbling, va pouiising in the vixenish petulance which she chose to make an essential of the part Doubtless there are two mbdeS of considering this character. You may regard Juliana as a high-spirited woman, whose unreasonable pride her husband is determined to subdue* or yon may look upon her as a waspish shrew, all venom and snappishness. Taking the latter view, and using a good deal of vivacity to cany the character through the several situations, Mrs. Scott-Siddons shows how exceedingly diverting it may be made. With her the Inn never flags. She makes it exquisitely farcical, but never - unduly, broadly so. She exaggerates with taste, and quite loses her artificiality in the burlesque humour. It may seem some thing like a paradox to say that the further she goes from nature, the more natural she becomes, but really this phrasing best ex presses xny meaning. I always liked "The Honeymoon," but I never found it so amus ing as Mrs. Soott-Siddons makes it . Mr. Appleton plays the Duke wonderfully well-quietly, but yet with spirit He also most completely recognises the humour of the situations, but he judiciously leaves to the lady the principal task of emphasising them. He may from this time take the Duke as a leading character in his repertory. Mr. Dampier's Rolando is agoodexample of manly bluffnees not too brusquely expressed; and of the Balthazar of Sic, Stuart O'Brien, it is to be said that It mates well with his institute. Mr. Stewart's Mock Duke is too pronounced and over-acted to be very amusing, bat the Lopez of Mr. Taylor is another proof of what that gentleman can do with a put. Miss Stammers plays Volants better than the average of her efforts, and Miss Nellie Stewart* as Zamors, justifies a good deal of the com. mendation she has earned before. , On Thursday night the house was crowded in every part, tbe occasion being the benefit of Miss Stammers, who is going back to Ewope. The bill consisted of "Hamlet" and a reading by Mm Scott-Siddons. The fitttof *' Hamlet" was precisely the same as on the la«t occasion of its representation. Mr, Dampier** acting was consistent with ttsvery great merit he then discovered. In all friendliness, however, I conjure him to make himself more thoroughly oonversanc with the text. In a part like that of Hamlet ft perfectly familiar aeaaaintanoe with the voids is de rigtuur. Miss Stammers; as m^t |* expected, pat forth her best efforts kQgWjfc end of the fourth aetMn Harwood tedber on the stage, ant making a short and complimentary jpeecb, ^reseated her, on b»haif of her. Mend* and admirers, frith a diamond braoplet and croes. Miss Stammers replied in ipretty little speech, still shorterthanMr. San«6t&'4 There «n a profuse offering of vitethe and nosegays, and altogether the feeling ebown towards Miss Summers ma wss fremXrfver's abundant tend of homo ronsiketobss.andwasentitled "Father Phil's CWtootfo».B' Her criip, distinct ntteranoe WWJ h^t sell in its delivery, and her |h^, J^hmoonrecixmlkl^^ Z subject. It was hardly nioeesary, however, in tbis pert ol Use world* to wind up a bit of national clap-trap. At the Opera-house, "Jan" to nmringa conree of prosperity whichlooks as II like!; to equal "FritE." The public are, bbw. ever, advertised to mA earliest opportunity of leeing, as, wheuottee withdrawn, the; litt lose Sllchanoeoi it Let MB hope they will not subject Una, selves to so Bad a deprivation.- ,J _ The Davenport Brothers showed them selves at the Town-hall ~ Tuesday, and TMaday. men m uL seen them twice, and especially after have seen them tfcricfl, my»^£, appears. Given the possibility of leltLdn, your hand from the knot of a rope anaiS the rest is child'splay; and when'joaW only know that it is & possible, hat learned the manner of the doing, you woa/l jb that you ever wondered. Idbnotknowthife the Brothers have.or that their ooad jntor Fay) has, ever in Melbourne attributed tW power in releasing themselves to any natural agency; bnt it is certainly troetO when first these performance were shown.' some years ago, they Xvere accompaui#d& such a declaration. Even now they do ad admit any indebtedness to mechanicU jU,, they leave yon to fonn your own and as I am therefore inferential)? give^&y; own explanation, I have eimplyv say that I have no doubt whatever flat mechanism is the' sole explanation, jfc U easy .to reply that having examined~tts cabinet,and having discovered no mechanism, I have no warrant for saying that mechanism is the mystery. Bnt it is one thing to past your bands, daring foar or five minutes, onr a cabinet, and another thing to dissect it. The Davenport cabinet is a verr simple cupboard to look at and feel, more indeed than an ordinary wardrobe. Is it necessary to Bay that all of us know ei« ceedingly simple-looking people, who an quite the opposite of simple. To those who are credulous enough to suppose tint spirits have any concern in these mini, testations, I have only to say that if they will bnt watch the several stages of the performances of the Davenport Brothers carefully, and more especially if they win do so on two occasions, and then oompm their notes, they will have little difficulty in coming to the same conclusion as I have come. It is extraordinary, however, how flit imagination of some people is alio red to* mislead them. For example, I find in some of the deecriptions of the sScmcts mention made of " a small hand and arm " appearing at the window. I have seen no hand sad arm which could not belong to one of the brother* I again assert, that white wr is done in the cabinet may be, and as a matter of fact is, done by the brothers, and that in the siance whatever is done, is done either by Mr. Fay or Mr. Davenport It is hardlypcs sible more than once, and that once the fist time of seeing them, to he astonished by thi Davenport Brother*. Jf comparisons,wills iMtrtuJ6ed,iheEtfrirVlcattnetiB^iew»<iseifc teres ting than that of the brothers. ItfM certainly so oh Monday night. Eveiyttlif in connexion with St was done more qdddi and quite as completely. There was oobm* quently more fun got out ol it andestto Fakir tells you themystery is all sMl, yw are the less anxious to find it out for if yoB knew the explanation it would only learn your pleasure. Thus, then, the Fakirt cabinet diverts yon agreeably for hditt hour, bnt the Davenport cabinet after btuf seen once, to pretty sore to weary youdorini two hours. The ghost illusioa at tbe ftkiri this week, consists of a gentleman late himself in s wood, and being haunted If fairies, a will-o'-the- wisp, Heme the honis, and a sprite. Eventually they fall upon hia and elongate hint, to the delight of theyraC people in the audience, who are a!*V* ravished at the sight of destruction « the stage. The mnsical part « t» performance has been added to If w introduction of Mr. Blomfield, who Ml a tolerably good voioe if he did bat kaw how to use it The fountain never tfres-fls beauty to unending and always varying. Last Saturday afternoon Messa. Si son and Ascherberg gave what it»JJ®" sidered the proper thing to call a Mew* i think an afternoon eoodn would be a'more appropriate term, Im* "J few things now-a-dayfl are *. their real names. Everybody bwm«J to be there. The place was so crowded those who could even get* good sestea counter were in a measure happy. T _A strumental music was exoellently pertonow more especially a quartette of HayMj* Messrs. Curtis, Montague, Jager, »na o^ man, to which everybody listened satisfaction, both becauseitwas beoesmw good in itaelf, tt wu exewted witli^ taste and skill, and it was under a quarter of an konfc ^ lent notion . of. lfp®* Ascherberg to tutn their «ta^n»w onoocasion. into * concert room. TW . oontenting entertainment to which tw ^ vitetheirpatron%< fn>ai iliartiMlr HWIUW liSITM 