STae absence of the parliamentary de. bhates has been of late supplied to some extent in the newspapedrs by a discus. sion growing oat of a lecture delivered in the early part of last month, by the very pretenoutious ecclesiastic, who styles hic sulf R?oger. Bede aanmhn. Arch. hi op of iaisanzue an piartiour en. Jc?clim, and which was published at frightful length in the S, A. Herald of October O10. The occasion of the delivery of this production weas the opening.of the Hall of the Ontholio Guild; and it has been republished under the somewhat ambitious title of "Hidden Springs, or Paganism, Super. naturalism, and Materialism." Like the notorious O'Connoll speech by the same rhetorician, it is a mass of inflated and grandiose phraseology; and its subjeoet matter amounts to little more than a prolonged and elaborate lament over the indifterent prospect, which presents itself to himself and his fellow priests, of being able to maintain their favourite position as controllers of the education of the young. The lecturer is the same person, whom, for convenieuce and die. tiactiveness, we have heretofore etylod Nazianzenue Australiensis, We dare 'say ho is possessed with the laudable ambition of rivalling the original Na. zinozon, a bishop and writer of the early bchurch, who is acknowledged on all hands to have possessed very consi dorablo genius and merit. But the faculty of throwing together masses of pompous and transcendental phraseology will hardly esoun for the modern Nazi. anzon a similar ?opotation, except, in. deed, among the very numorous portion of his contempo ri o are ready to accept a more tor it o words for dlo. quence. In spite of iun ito display and pretension, the leooture in a monument of the folly and vanity of the talker who lpronounced it, That which furnished ooc aonsion for the discusasion to which we have alluded we l o ttaok on the in stitntion of F ?m y, which, we auspcct, to thle nejority both of tlhoseo vco oare, ie inase who are not memberes of the "craft" in this colony, iimust have apcpered as gratuitous and un. justifiahblos nesiilal r oeslnuglhtupon the Sons of To1elcrmpren~o the Oddollowse. Neizianzonus Aut isr represents the society as a lcfIule hlobgoblin, to vlwhichl thi Kinmnii Ghost, t le invention of Iisc fteioncld hidollow uepornaturelist, Mr. niloly, is a e r? terror aud destractiw, nes. ?The oonials of any particulare ectiu ol'hooiolycl so soeldom and so little atnlnoidele~d 'by people in gronoal, tlcet t l 11huncrciation of FiOe. caiceoncey by thie4riect will stuce to moat pceruceu utterly ii xplioablo nndtl perfooetly novel, Ihut they would not appear so, if the litlorry organ of his lchurlch in this coliciy, viz., th 1I..icc9uin's Jsournal, hIud receivcI, tn it deOs cot, wae suspIect, Ic eonhllll glaccc fticrim othera tlhan Re. eceecnisi,. Thci fuhlrninaetion of popish nothorition gaitnst the " 'raf" might haive Ihoi rioadl thocr frorn timne to tlno; hutt icct nlhcVeye, we should supposAe, hlave alpiui'id norowhal t uncccoeutable tco pcc'ieroc, whletlher Pcel)ints or Protos. tanti, vwho wore trily nrceunirted with rncoccy ni exhibitedl inii the vcey learm. lienu dcinge of the Froecuninns whom they hlvo hiown in Groat .Ihitain cr tie colonhii, With thlo coori ol theo orneft, wvllatevor they rony I, we dlo niot Ipro flau aicly Ilcclne lilltanlccei, nc we erie rliot of ito namecr. Ncazianiecus Acctitrienrls, lowevoer, OcOIIcc to IIIvo iked le p IIs tu ede hdhirmationu s eatietfis himoulf, at Junetu thint he jpowa alIl htbot U, hnt wilbhout oarinug to disonuss whother or not his pretended knowledge is real igno. moance, we may observe that there is one fnact which, in a certain sense, explain? his hostility, though it illustrates at the same time his own unskilfulness and imprndence in the manipulation of his materials. The authors firom whom he' quotes, ns the evangelists of Freema. sonry, are all of them continental writers-French and German; and it happens thaton the continent of Europe, Masoary is a thing considerably different from what it is in England and her colo. nies Thanks to the character of those continental govern'ments which Dr V?aughan's church did so much to render despolio and tyrannical, secret societies were for a long time the only places in w hich an enemy of the oppression under which he groaned could show his face, with any purposooforganising measunres for resistance or reform. It weas natural that the most energetio minds should be the most dissatisfied with the provalence of' tyranny and priestcraft; and natural also that the Masonic societies already existing should fall into their bands, But as open agitation for political, so. cial, or religious reform has never in modern days been wholly impossible in. England, there has been but little occo. sinn for the formation ofseoretesocieties. What are the ostensible differences or resemblances between English, Scotch, or Goerman constitutioons" in Freema. sonry, we do not know ; but the specific difference above mentioned arose nuntu. rally out of the moral condition of the case. Dr. Vaughan, however, seems to have been incapable of seeing the ab. surdity and impropriety of talking as he actually talked tr. a colonial audience on the subnljeot of Freemasoury in ge. neral; and his oration has probably had the effect of creating an additional hostility towards the astute and domai. neering church to which he belongs,'-- a result which we cannot pretend to regret. 