GRIFFITH'S DOUBLE.* Br MES. CASHED HOEY. VOLUME I.-BOOK I.-PARADISE AND EXILE. CHAPTER V. A GHOST LAID. Mr. Dale was taken so very much aback by this communication, that a more ready and quick-witted man than John Pemberton could hardly have failed to perceive that it had a signification for him greater than its purport. Bat John Pemberton did not per [ ceive the look of irrepressible annoyance which crossed his face. He was very solemn, as it became a man to be under whose roof mortal illness had come, and his mind was buBy with the trouble that had fallen on his wife. Ever since she had become his wife he had been glad to know that she was happy, that she was fenced in from sorrow from without, and that there was nothing to trouble her within her home. " If it were not silly, I should like to call it Paradise," his Mary had said to him when they were debating what the name of the newly-built country-house should be, to which John Pemberton had brought her home after three months of wedlock, " but it would be silly, and a little presumptuous, fAA 91 "Are you, then, so happy?" " I am the happiest creature in all the world," was Mary's answer, and this small incident had dwelt within her husband's remembrance ever since. And sow trouble had come to her in a mysterious, fateful kind of way, which he had no power to avert, a Btrange influence had been suddenly flung like a deep shadow upon her life, a long* silent chord of the past had been struck by a hand not his, and the intimate oneness of J their two lives had been invaded. In the j grieved sense of all this which was oppress- ! ing John Pemberton, there was not one touch of jealousy, or, indeed, of any small personal feeling. He did not think of it with any reference to himself at all, but only with some of that forlorn, puzzled uneasiness and wonder which comes to UB with the discovery that a force which we cannot inflimmw or control is dealing with the lives of those who are dear to us. Whether it be the lover who comes into the life of a daughter, the bride who comes into life of a son, or that dread intruder Death-on whose encroaching presence we gaze with despairing awe, which forbids revolt, while it waves its wide-parting skeleton hand between ns and our beloved, making them ours no longer-or in the milder form of an influence of the past before our beloved became ours, and which cannot be made to include us, it is hard to bear. Hard as a fact, secretly and silently harder as a lesson on our own insufficiency andpower leseness. John Pemberton was being taught that lesson. Poor Mary! It was very hard on her, and it would make her miserable. The scoundrel-for Mary's gentle pleading *i<yj| not changed his mind on that point, he would call Mr. Randall by no harsher name *h"» " Poor fellow," but he reserved the privilege of using the other epithet in the privacy of his thoughts-had turned up again under the only circumstances which could have enabled him to trouble Mary. "If she and I had met him anywhere, or if he had heard of her, and sought ner out in any trouble, it would not have mattered," he thought " she would nave told me all about it, ana it would have passed away, but that he should have been brought .here to die, to fill her heart with *som passion and sorrow for him, and -make the end of her. stay here so melancholy, doas seem a back-handed blow from Fate." . His mind being full of Mary, John Pem berton pud no attention to Mr. Dale's manner or lis looks, and left him, Having he had business to attend to. after a few ;minutes. " , - ? ?"* -v hrtuj VIUVUKU VUv flower-beds, keeping a look-out for the pos sible appearance of Ida. "Then one thing is certain; she will soon find out, if she takes the trouble to ask me any questions, how, very little I know-about him-; and my claim-to the next Mend business, and my I settling myself here In consideration of ft very distinctly. Finally, he resolved it was no use worrying about the torn of until it indicated itself, and, whatever happen, he had more cleverness to meet w with than these -Arcadian PMpte.^Hei had the shallow-bramed contempt for goodtUMSi and conviction that good peopleare naturally stupid, characteristic of msJnndj anahe would back himself to meet the inquiry when it should arise. In the meantime, nevmhed Ida would make her appearance. Toe pretty daughter was a decidecLattraction, and though he had made a blander in paying her a florid compliment that morning, it was not a serioas one. She was very young and we^P6"®®?^ and she had the timidity of her age. She had taken fright for a moment, that was a«. As Mr. Dale strolled among the flower beds, not losing sight of the house, ne indulged in sundry speculations concerning Ida. She was an only child, and her father, evidently devoted to her, was equally evi. dently a rich man. Was there a lover_or an aspirant anywhere about ! Pemberton were not likely to lack such elements in their hiBtories any where, 1but in the colonies it is the wise and happy custom to marry young. Mr. Dale had no circum stantial evidence to adduce ^himself aa grounds for his conviction that Ida Pember ton was unbetrothed and fancy-free, unless it might be the negative testimony that no mention had been made of any one outside the household, and that her manner had the bright and careless freshness of .grlhooa before any deep feeling has laid its mark upon it He entertained that ronviction very strongly, nevertheless^ and he felt a strange satisfaction in it, mth inquiry into whoBe origin he did not trouble himself. Audacious as he was, and ready enough to accept with a cynical insolence the inter ference of luck on his behalf, he probably had not at this time begun to form any scheme in which Ida figured as more than a pleasant adjunct of an adventure which was whimsical and pleasant in certain aspects 01 it, if rather risky in others. « The sun was growing very powerful, ana Mr. Dale was getting tired of looking for laa, who was with her father in his dresam groom, and had not the slightest intention of going out He thought the verandah looked cool and shady, and directed his steps towards it, panning by the front of the house and turning the angle at the side on which the windows of John Pemberton's study, in which the sick man lay, opened to the floor, and gave on the verandah. The windows were open, and the inner blind of one was drawn up half way. Mr. Dale approached cautiously along the verandah, keeping close to the wall, and stealthily looked in. If the nurse were sitting in the arm-chair as he had seeni her tVittt morning, die could not see mm at tne window: if she. were not, and did not per oeive him, he had an excuse ready for the inspection, and the cautious manner of it. Mrs. Simcox was not in the room. The patient lay in the wide bed, motionless, his i features wan and sunken, his head, so rest less when Dale had seen him in the morning, still and leaden-weighted on the puiow. Dale was flfa»,*»ding in the sweet air and the tempered sunshine; a thousand summer scents and sounds were about him. At tne other side of that sheet of glass which interv posed between him and the room within, ν through which he peered, crouching close to the flower and leaf-coloured trellis, J going rapidly down to death, and with the Bhadow already hovering near mm, His dry wasted hands lay upon the white coverlet not quite still, there was a slight twitching movement in the long fingers Though the face looked more wan and flnntran tfrftn it had looked early in the morn, ing, there was a less distressing expresuon upon it; there was less strain in the fea tures; even though there was no speech, something conveyed to the observer that the yninii wa8 not so far away from its accus tomed tenement as it bad been. I The room was. in perfect order, and abso lutely still. From his post of observation at the window Dale could catch the short bat heavy breathing of the Bick man. He had, however, but little attention to bestow on bim; his gaze was arrested by the face and figure of a woman, who, attired in a soft white morning wrapper, stood by the side of the bed furthest from the window, bending towards the patient, and moving her hands softly and skilfully about his bead. The Tight brown hair had been closely cropped, and Mrs. Pemberton was applying linen steeped in some cooling lotion to the patients Her face was almost colourless, and her dark eyes were surrounded by circles almost as dark, the work of watching and of fanwi. But she was beautiful to look at for all that; as the man who observed her, on perceived, thought , . "And so this is my invisible hostess. This is Mrs. Pemberton, and she knew him formerly in England, did she ? I should say she did, indeed." Mary pressed the freshly-steeped linen au over tne patient's head, and upon the burn ing, hollow, templeB, and then stood gadng at him, one of his twitching hands held in her cool, soft clasp. Perhaps it was her touch awaking some strange association in that, jmystenons condition, in which the mind is lat once here and not here, when the present and the past are confounded, and all ordinary modes of thought are suspended; bo that nothing is unusual and nothing strange : however that may be, Edward Randall opened his eyes, ana the light of reason was, in .them, the expression of brain-guided per ception. And they, looking upwards, met Mary Pemberton's. He did not start, he did not cry out; he only sighed, a strange flutter ing sigh, and said distinctly, though in a. She stood quietly, still holding his hand in hers, and betraying no surprise or emotion. A moment later the door behind her was, softly opened, and John Pemberton came her aide. Mr. Dale instantly abandoned his post of observation, and walking off softly jalong the verandah, disappeared round the angle, of the house. . . i . .» . » -* "Miry." He repeated the word, apparently unaware of the presence of another face oloee beside that into which he waa looking, pfth the all the past lives again, and the future at . the present blend with it, when theeurrender ;of the pitadel pf life is raft vigilance is very keen. The time phat the doctors had pwpared them lor had come. t 1 "Answer him," whispered John Pemper* ton* " Yes," she Said, steadily" it Is L" , : "Where, am I? What are you doing here ? What has happened." "Youare limy husband's house. This is he. Doyounotaeehim?" , ? Htaeyes moved to John Pemherton, then tostantlyrevertedtoher. _ ? -.. .,.4. ; " Yon have beim very ill. You had a fall She tried, unsuccessfully, to speak aa an ordinary attendant might have spoken. The calmness of her tone and the levelling weakness of his state subdued any emotion he might have endeavoured toexpresa, only bis bnght eyes maintained their strange gaze. What did he feel? What did he think! Was there any wonder or sense of the strangeness of bis position ? Who could tell that t The | acquiescence of dying comes to some sooner, to others later, before the quiescence of death. It had come to him. "Is your head painful!" Mrs. Pemberton repeated, "Not very, only confused"-then, after a pause, " What is his n^met" " My husband's name ? John Pemberton." " John Pemberton. Oh, yes, I've heard of him." He said no more, and presently he closed his eyes, and fell into a brief slumber. The two, watching him in profound silence, consulted each other's faces. His sleep gre w deeper* "This," said John Pemberton, "is the change Dr. Marshall told us to look for. I will go for Mrs. Simcox." " Do so," she said ; " but I will not leave him." When her husband was moving away, she touched him on the arm, and said, "If he shonld wake, and speak again, knowing me?" " Speak to him, dear. Try to get at his mind. I am sure only you can, and it is of the greatest importance that we may know what to do." He gently placed her in a chair, and left her. The sick man slept. There was no differ ence in his aBpect now that his eyes were closed, and the brief ray of intelligence might never have crossed his wan, drawn features. Mary watched him patiently, with the half* incredulous feeling there always is in such watching. The nurse came and looked at him. He might sleep on for hours like that she said, but she could not say it was a good Bign. He might " go off" so. The time wore away in the sick room. It was well on in the afternoon when the patient awoke. He wasseemingly somewhat refreshed by sleep, and drank almost eagerly. It was the nurse's hand which gave him the drink; it was Mary's which raised his head while he drank, and she gently laid it down again. He looked towards where she stood behind him, and she moved to theside of the bed. " Mary," he stud again. "Tes, I am here." " I want to speak to yon quite alone." "Would you kindly leave me with Mr. Randall,"said Mary to the nurse; then added, answering the surprise in the woman's face, " He and I are very old friends." Mrs. Simcox obeyed, nothing loth, and as she returned to the comfortable room where she might resume her interrupted sleep, she mentally recorded her conviction that there was nothing but surprises in this case. Edward Randall had again closed his eyes when Mary spoke to the nurse, and he did not re-open them until some moments after she had left the room. Then he said: " Yes; I want to speak to you quite alone about her" " And so you are going to England, Miss Pemberton ? Yon are very fortunate. Of course yon are delighted." "I am not sure. I shall be delighted, no doubt, when we get there; but at present I am more glad for papa's sake than for my own. < All my old friends are here, and I am going to part with them, except Dick." "I suppose one mustn't say of a horse that I he s a lucky dog; but one may envy Dick." '' Going to England." She spoke with charming unconsciousness. "Poor fellow; itaagreatexperiment,"aspapasay& "I wish we were all safely landed. "You have a whole world of relatives and mends to welcome yon, I suppose ?" " Not at all. I have never heard papa talk much of his friends. After 20 years^ there can not be many to go back to. And he has only a brother-in-law and a niece and nephew by way of relations. But his heart is set on re turning to his own country, and my being a a real Englishwoman. And I like it -I like everything my father likes. It cannot matter to me whether I am here or there, if I have my father with me. And you, Mr. Dale, Ida added, "you are not only a bird of passage here, I suppose ? You will remain in the colonies? This simple question did not seem very easily answered. Mr. Dale hesitated in his reply. He was not sure, he said; he supposed he ought to stay, now tbat he had come there, and see it out; but he had been rather disappointed, and did not see his way. Ida did not understand his meaning, which, indeed, wes not very clear. She was sorry he had been disappointed, but he might have experienced that feeling with regard to the scenery or the crops for all she knew. The makeshifts and expedients of a desultory existence had never come within her ken. ««' J y?u don't Hk® sbe said innocently, disappointed, I should think you had better go 'home, as nana pan. Suppose poor Mr. Randall were to «et quite well, and we were all to go home togethenn the same ship* Ho was going back to England, wasn't he t" " I believe bo. That would be a very nice thing to suppose, Miss Pemberton, ba t I Mn afraid, like most other nice things, which £ "opposed or proposed in .it v much too nice to be true." . 1 iThe girl looked at him with some surprise. Tfoemoody discontent in his face rather in iterated her; perhaps he had trials, and perhaps they were romantic. ? ? took place between Ida Pemberton and Mx. Dale during the evening k®1?® silent and master and mistress were Sd"KbSihtocS °s£e»Xe&S;? ,cuned toner that them was agreater degree jOf anxiety and trouble about tnta gentleman fc.JS?1 lS£a'<wite Jn#Vfche cir cumBtanoes. She was very jd&d; to h&v;* [8O1B0 one to talk toa and Mr, Dua vai k1' faj£«nwtfoi*nd him. J?1? W,a? tetog Cross ^ PN"** rfsflor waa ttaldng himself acquainted with everything | concerning them whi6h he could contrive tS ?? 111 ' W thought Jw* If there were, thpugh -she would 52f to She would thatabout her father." Buthe dis missed ihe troubled look, and began to ask h« dexterous questions about Mrs, Peto. SSSaSSSfiT** »?»«&'««> h.vPwEfJEhrtS?11 kn,ew England well, and had mends there; she liked going back. on ^r hnsH's cpunt than on her own, Ida. did not acquaintance, buthe hadnot been *!2 attentive, and hisimpregBfon mjWTl erroneous. Idawould Mk. herfattferJ? eently; it would b&Bnch; a strange tM« Mr. Dale's hopes of attaining ppssiffly Zffi knowledge concerning Mrs. PembertouwS were defeated by the -girl's want of j^f ledge. She had never felt any about Mary before she «ame into the 1ivm2 her father andherselfc asweetand l» J influence. Dale had no exactly defined**? pose in bis mind in questioning the »ftt thus: he had only the knowledge that aSb culty and risk to himself might aria# &£ Mrs. Pemberton. tJuU was the«ide on whfiE he was menaced, end as an item of (actio* in its moBt general Bense, he bore kumiSS that the more you can learn of your ^St or potential adversary the better; that faHS1 ledge in such a case is essentiallypowerTr The day closed in .the monotonous diwrf ness which had marked its - was not until the following da bad an.opportunity of seeing Mrs. Pembeitte He was told that she had passed the fr^TS part of the night in the patient's room, and had slept until late next morning. BnfcX came into the diningroom and apoke to fit Dale after the doctors bad left the houBeS that day. "Mr. Randall is sensible," she said, "fat. the nurse and I think there is a great in him. He has asked for you. WiUj« come to him 1" Dale was alone in the room when she cm* in and thus addressed him withoat anym*, liminaries. She waa looking pale and tiM but quite calm. Of course I will, poor fellow," Dale. "How wonderfully good you are tH him, Mrs. Pemberton." * She waved her hand slightly, as if she m the remark aside, and passed out of t£ room before him. " He seemed to remember about yon ui, denly," she said, "and then became dig,, tressingly anxious to see you. I was alou with him, but I thought it better to coal and fetch you at once.'r Before he could reply they were at tk door of the sick man's room. As Dak entered he caught Edward Randall's mm fixed upon him with the bright eager look of thedying, which revives sometimes even vhei the grey shadow is falling upon therwtd the face. Those eyes would have called hi*, without the voice which whispered " Dale! I want you." He went to the bed, and leaned over L dying man, who put up one hand and feeU touched his shoulder. He bent hUt fa« nearer, and Edward Randall whispered " The money is for my mother; but i let her know how I got it." A day later and the awful presence of de»& had taken irresistible absolute nosaesutmtf Mount Keira lodge. The still and .aim form which lay there, in the cheerful housa with the glorious sunlight all around ft walls, wap not of kin to the living inmitei, but its awe was hardly the less for that, Tia face of the woman he had wronged, whoa youth heiiad blighted with the cures of de feated hope and wasted love, was the lift object on which his eyes had rested, and lit: hand closed them. It was all over now; the shock, At bewilderment, the watching; and Jfra Pem berton, her suddenly imposed task done, felt as if she had lived a hundred feus since its beginning. Could she , be the BUM woman, and could all around her be thi same as they were on that day, BO near,» far, when her husband brought her ttt papers about the ships into the verandil! The incident of the stranger's death in Oi j house would have been serious and diets ing enough of itself but how much M did it mean to her aid her husband thitat man who had died there was no stnupl At all events, to her, it meant thk-aj the reluctance and doubt which Bhe hadfttt about going to England was at an end. B* ghost had been law 1 The funeral of Edward Randall J attended by J*bn Pemberton, Dr. Grey, Mr. Dale; and when it was over there M« to the latter to be no reasonable excn#«| pretext upon which he might prqlosi u| Btay at Mount Keira lodge. Then had My no advance in intimacy between him f his kind-hearted host during the drauy« which bad succeeded Edward Eof death. Mb Pemberton wafl tired, occupied, and silent. Of Mrs. PemMrtOT' saw nothing; she kept her room, the impression amounting to one ov distrust, Mr. Dale was conscious that J« Pemberton had received . somewhat r favourable impression when he discwr on (making the necessary inquiries ar rangements consequent on Randalls < that Dale hardly knew anything at mi him, and that his prompt decision t main with the poor fellow on toe aion of the accident was rather » j nature of an escapade than anything r He had seen a good deal 01 and was not slow to perceive that r* conquered any little prejudice h»« vances had created against him in hp and that the pretty daughter of the/" colonist was interested and amuse, talk of places and things of which sba) nothing. Ida had not as yet acq most elementary idea of the art on she waB as simple and nataral as ? eould be, but it was notmuchto be wor at that the only young man who been staying in the house, and icome there under circumstances fa Iher imagination hadioUnd interest to upon'/ should be singularly interesting* ior at least have stimulated 'her strongly. Here, to6, the days w and none of their friends efcme vol j Keira lodge, while phe _dld not iyond Its boundaries.J Had Mrs. ibeen Ma's mother .she" WP» |not naive lost sight of the fcitffw : hours 'of the sad and heavydays,^ would have been alive to the Jpdf?,??,!! I Buch unrestricted walking and.talWj) lone so absolute a stranger, for Ida. m* 'was lost In ber Owtf»bttgbtsat !»». Igiven np to the sort br^bwrption accompanies the last lpojdcg £?{;, getting away for 4nii vf 'twWftP Sfe; and /she hardly wowit of W'v buBintts of life whichdoes notion itself for any snob tririal reWon M. dweller or sojourner in a^hoiirt with it for ever cWmtfd the attenflj John Pjembeitob, fSd lam unobservant of the wiya'and ooonf*"' his womenkind, iven wheh hei well, bright, and had noneof that Ida Pemberton and Dale i prettr nearly all the day long. .jj£*jjea her father and etep-mother wga"! " .traager as a casual acquaintance their conoem would instantly termini »«ld hS^ratoed him, to *« ?oncluded, Ma _ tx> thejperil ;^S&rS; 5S»teflt 'gSKSS4 to*^S^'gSS odge any iartner.m* *» DOt surprised; 10 'J^^uneasy ' It waa very natural that A t1"8 inafc Bono through such an *°P^e ^nnl'ir^inwlff1"lt*>t *dyeDtura flhoidd' incow®0®!' Ko.wa their houso to ttaoinsdlves#1 e .n^^rifro^d^low sight of the I® hy ?®.® and!he felt pretty confident that .efflbertone, inyg of turning the Edward k^JSto TwUateral Advantage, in Randall episoue transfer of the ffi?s& property to Wciaelf-which had lefld with perfect safety-even *f »t SeBi?£f leSKeresult which his pre bonld not lew already presented to .ffi^Uthe llght of a possibility. The list of 'oini«A wid means did not, however, Sde thewt-Btaying .of his welcome at 'rteirw^back from the funeral^ Mr. 0a ^®l[e70ut hiB purpose of alluding to )ale cainea ^ expectations were jB departure, pemberton received intimation with polite acquiesence, and ae iD"T^vftd that itTcoldness attracted the ^lofDr. Grey, who occupied a seat in tne lotice ot vt. w« i, Grey faad been doaely irnage. j0h'n peoabertoa's words and XffiS «b. rnSe. wh.» toy hjJ SInf to leave the house, and now he ee? he towed his head back in an 0tlifnf the carriage, and looked pale and leaiy. The doctor was going a PorUon of v with the other two; he found I9 SJT'SJSi i«'u« - jf >» "T>« BrffiuS B» »*"a t« to be off in the morning. Bat I shall feme^over about 32 to Bee how you all are at ,Dr°dGrey mounted hia horse and turned bwn abje-road, He Bhook his head as he don't like Pemberton's looks, aoS iike them a bit. I shouldn't be sur |0fj y they were not through this business Lb&Xnn;gbtaconferencewa9held Iween John Pemberton and his wife, (rich, if he could have attained a knowledge fits purport, must have satisfied Mr. Dale at bis anticipations^ o! future pleasure or lofit to be derived from the Pembprtons foDMn8ga?D,eMiiry and her husband were liking beside the open fmdow through Eich came the sweet perfume-ladenair of lie summer nighty But John Pemberton lay n a couch in the embrasure of the window, od his wife sat on ft foot-stool close beside im, with his hand in hers. There is barely toy light in the room, for John has corn gained that his eyes are weak, and he cannot fear it, and the forms and faces of the two be indistinct: Mary is speaking low and irnestly. " I know, John, I feel all you say; , is horrible, most horrible, but it is irre ?iBtible ; I could not tell you how the convic tion came to me, but it did come, and it itays. There is not the smallest doubt or IbBcurity about what he said to me. Here is be note 1 made of it, the moment after he aid it-you read it yourself when his port manteau was opened [' "Three hundred sovereigns in a colour px, among the linen in my portmanteau. You all remember the box; it was once ypurs. fend it to my mother.'" [" Yes, Mary, but then was no such thing. Tad his keys locked up from the time his btbes were taken off until we opened the JHbo and the bag in Dale's presence, and lere was no such thing." '"Theother packet was there, in the very ace he told me I should find it in. What -id become of the money ?" I" May he not have been tinder a delusion ? lay it not hare been a fever dreamt Be lember there was £20 in his pocket-book, lid you gathered from him that he had been Iways unfortunate since he came oat." ? ..aw iT.. ». iiag toSy< xot have bvus \-- - w contemplated nding without a shilling. Oh not John, ?Neve me, he had the money, and it was in he place he said. And Mr. Dale knew he fa »f. I know he did, for when I brought lr. Dale to him I heard eome of what he kid, faint though his voice was; be said the Joney was to be sent to his mother! John, at man has the money; he has cobbed the i&a.; " Ma^y, indeed it cannot be." Indeed it is. Can nothing be done ? Is iere no pretext on which you could have his ggage searched ?" "My dear, what an idea! Of course not. possession from the first.'' i xten it is hopeless. We can do nothing. Hy Jhe clothes and the other things can be !«L luv poo£ ®ldi mother. We will take ie{® wlUl, u* John, and you will let me go J? t'ln? *." the story of her son's death. J?« l?1*® do that, too, as well as the ing he asked me to do V M 0* course, my love," ^ pa!e has got his money, John, tence" certa*n of it as I am of my ex* "I cumbt poniblr believe it, Mary, # A w W ft VUl/liftU "Ke Dim. I don't trust him, andhe and selfish; but still I cannot think r°? we shocked that I can ttn'nV It. ^ pittite true, John." b®r forehead Aah^"Jj°lm r,mb'rt"' but £5 ^w ^?rIieivoua'" ¥ " and jrrw heedpd him.' Her mind was the conviction which ?frt: had e^c ^^lias tohhcd the dt .^er"*hea5^«'r It, I don t know Hs rs """ Ep|,® between her and Mr. Dale ia her father's presence the night before, and she had riot ventured to appear at the, partiagguest's early breakfast, , though she could not hare told why. She watched his deppjtnre from thb winaowof her ropm,.and felt much more - qh the occasion than she had felt iwhen the funeral procession of the previous day had set out from the house. That had been a solemn; occasion; this was a personal regret., Ida ?vdsbed she could know what her lather had aatd to Mr. Dale the last thing, and whether it had any reference to hia coming to Keira lodge again. .It was very odd, but she felt for the first time in her. life .that she could not ask her father to tell her what she wanted to know.. Such a simple thing, too. She left her room at the usual time, and betook herself to the piano( to resume the morning "practice," which had been sus pended of late. She felt strangely dreary and discontented. A piece of music lay upon the closed lid of the instrument, the laeb she had been studying. As she placed iton the stand, a folded note dropped out of its leaves. It was directed to "Miss Pembetton," and it con tained these words " I hoped to have seen yon, to have said good-bye again. Is it to be good-bye for always 1 At least let me knot? when youare to sail. I am not in favour. I have oaehded your father and Mrs. P. somehow. Do I know or do I guess how } But I have not offended you. Tell me that I have not, and that yon will let me see you again, in one line-that is not much to aak-to the Post office, Sydney. I can never forget these days and-Ida. G. D." The girl read the words, blushed deeply angrily, almost-looked at tbe note as if she trete about to tear ic up, then folded it very small, and poked it in between two buttons of her morning .gown-thus lodging it in a most undeserved place of safety. After which Ida attended to her piano. 