THE STORY-TELLER. J E A N.# BY MRS. NEWMAN, Author of Too Late.' CHAPTER XXXlV.—Go)itinued.) The maid placed a small table, upon which were some essences, a fan- handscreen, etc. , and then noiselessly quitted the room. But when they were left alone, to Jean's great surprise, her companion seemed in no haste to commence a conversation. If that could have been pos sible. Jean would almost have fancied that she seemed embarrassed. Presently she ventured to say, 44 I hope you are feeling better, Lady Houghton ?" "Thank yon, yes." Then with downcast eyes, she added : 44 Mrs. Wyman told me that your name is Bell — Jean Bell — was she right?" " Yea ; that is my name, the only one I have now." "Now? You are too young to be married. How came you to change your name ? What other had you ?" "" I would rather not say, if you will excuse me, Lady Roughton," replied poor Jean. " You must tell me !" ejaculated Ladv Rough- ton, bending eagerly forward, " I — I beg of you to hell me !" Jean looked surprised. What did her other name matter to Lady Roughton? Then she repeated hesitatingly, — " I would rather not say. " " Do not be afraid to confide in me," pleaded the elder woman ; " I am not asking from vulgar motives. Indeed, you may trust to me." "I am sure I am not a bit afraid of that," re turned Jean. " I feel as though I could tell you anything, Lady Roughton. My father's name was Raymond, and " " What ? Raymond — where did he live — what was his Christian name ?" Lady Roughton was staring at Jean now with wildly dilating eyes. " He lived in India, and his name was Oliver Raymond," promptly replied Jean. Then, ter rified at the effect of her words, she exclaimed, " Oh, Lady Roughton, did you know my father?" "T ! — no — no." " You are ill !" and Jean sprang towards the belL . "No ; do not ring. / - -r 7 a)9 r . " But what can i clo : o ean caught up some ean. de Cologne. " May I ? A faint smile (" Ah, what a smile !" thought Jean) as she softly bathed the invalid's temples. Presently the face grew a little less ashen white, and two or three great tears rolled from beneath the down-cast lids. " Are you feeling a little better, Lady Rough- ton?" asked Jean, kneeling down before her, and chafing the cold hands between her own warm palms. Lady Roughton bent her head. "I am ao very, very sorry ! You had not re covered sufficiently to see me, had you ? " Will you put thirty drops from that smallest bottle into the glass with some water for me ?" Jean carefully measured ont the required quantity, the other's eyes greedily devouring her fafce the while, and gave the glass into the trembling hands. Then after a few moments' iteuce she asked,— Had I not better come another time, Lady uAtofcr "Bo not go, I shall be able to speak to you pf&fently;, after resting a while. You will find eooie books on that table. ' Jeahtook one and sat down by the window, bot Beit anxiety prevented her taking in the sense «ft#hat hferfeyea rested upon. It seemed an age before the invalid spoke again to her. Then she said gently, — - " Miss Raymond !" Jean put down the book, and went towards "I am very sorry, but I am afraid I must give up the idea of yop coming to live with me. But to- n „ s%t yu — you must promise nfc it distress you, Lady Roughton. know what you mean, only you are so kind that you do not like saying it. But I had not any hope from the first,, so I am not disappointed not much. I cannot expect to get any really good engagement without being able to give any reference, certainly not such a home as this. Everybody tells me that there is only the very smallest chance of my getting anything." Do they — do they tell you that ? Are you sure ?" eagerly. Yes, ' returned J ean, 4 ' I have seen numbers of ladies who were afraid to engage me on that account. Some quite as kind and sorry for me as yourself." Lady Roughton was looking anything but sym pathetic now, almost as though she were pleased, thought wondering Jean. " But you are not without friends ? Excuse me, had your father no relations ?" Ypc Inif f.liPYT rl irl nrx-f- onm ri. aav/U uiuLu IDA me aiier he died, and something came out about my mother. That was one cause, and there was another which I will not trouble you about." "Do you mean to tell me that you are alone in the world, without friends or money ?" " I have one friend, who is the carpenter's wife where I am lodging, and I have only one pound fourteen and sixpence in the world," re plied J ean, a little brusquely. Why did the other seemed so pleased about her friendlessness after declining to engage her ? Was she really as kind as she had first appeared to be ? " Good morning, Lady Roughton ; I hope you will soon be better. " " Wait." Lady Roughton sat with lier hands tightly clasped, and J ean saw that her lips were moving. Then she looked up, and with the tears streaming down her face, held out her hand to Jean. " Stay with me." Jean was a little bewildered. " Come to live here, do you mean, Lady Rough- ton ?" The latter bowed her head. "Do you really wish it?" questioned Jean, unable to understand why the other had altered her mind. Lady Roughton's eyes fell beneath the girl's gaze, and she replied in a low broken voice, " You say that you are poor and friendless, and would not readily find a home ?" "Yes." " Tlipn primp vipt-p " "Oh, Lady Roughton, you will take me be cause of it ! How good of you — how very good ! What a fortunate girl " " Hush ! Can you send for your luggage, or must you go for it ?" " I must go to say good-bye to my dear, kind Mrs. Brice, who has been like a good mother to me. And though they are so poor that they will terribly miss my few shillings a week, she will rejoice to hear of my good fortune." "God bless her for her goodness to — to the friendless ! Will you give this to her from me ?" taking a note from an emblazoned velvet case on the table, and putting it into Jean's hand. The latter's eyes opened wide. "Ten pounds !" she ejaculated, in great astonishment. " I have so much more money than I want," a little confused and apologetically explained Lady Roughton, " and I have not other people's opportunities for going amongst the poor." Then, seeing that Jean could not get over the surprise, she added, " But perhaps ten pounds is too much to give at one time. Will you give her these five sovereigns ?" "How very kind! She will indeed be grateful." " I will order the carriage, and you will not stay longer than you can help, will you ?" said Lady Roughton, now apparently more reluctant to let Jean go than she had previously been to let her remain. " I will be as quick as I can ; but do not order the carriage, Lady Roughton. It could hardly get into our street, and Sissy and Susy, Mrs. Brice's little girls, to whom I have been ac customed to tell fairy tales, would fancy I had turned out to be a fairy myself," laughed Jean. Lady Roughton touched a bell by her side, and said to the maid who obeyed the summons, " Tell one of the men to get a cab for Miss Bell, Floyd, and send the housekeeper to speak to me about a room. Miss Bell is coming to stay with me." "Was ever such good fortune!" thought happy Jean, as she was being rapidly driven to wards Mrs. 'Brice's. The latter was unfeignedly glad to hear of her dear Miss Bell's good fortune, and when the five pounds were put into her hands was quite overcome with joy, sobbing -out all sorts of grateful messages to the kind lady. 44 Five pounds ! Why it was quite a fortune ! There would be the taxes, and the rent, and everything set straight for ever so long ! And it's all come through you, Miss Bell, dear ! Every bit of happiness I've had for many a long year has come through you !" With Mrs. Brice's help Jean's small ward robe was soon packed in the trunk. " It is not much of a good-bye, this time, you know, said Jean, giving her mend a last kiss on the doorstep. " I shall not be so far away as before, and will come to see yon as often as ever I can. Good- bye, baby dear. Be kind to mother, Sissy and Susy," nodding and smiling out of the cab window at them until it turned the corner of the street. CHAPTER XXXV. WONDERLAND. The tall footman looked superciliously down at the battered little trunk and bag which con stituted the new comer's luggage. Jean was the first lady companion that had arrived there, but Robert came to the conclusion that companions must be a " poor lot " if they hadn't got more belonging to them than had this one. Jean was conducted to a large cheerful, luxuriously -furnished bedroom. "I shall begin to think I have found a fairy godmother in real earnest at last," was her mental ejaculations, as she noted the pretty work and writing tables, well chosen little collection of books, etc. Then Floyd tapped at the door, and came in j to offer her services, in such a matter-of-course, smiling way. J ean did not know that she had just had ten pounds a year added to her wages for /those especial smiles. ' She shook out Jean's best dress, and although the crape was getting a little rusty, rightly estimated its original value. "Ten pounds, if a penny, thought Floyd, with Mtostio appreciation, " Cambrio m id— yes, real Valenciennes. If it is all getting a little worn, it's been made for a lady in the be ginning ; I can see that with half an eye, and it won't be like demeaning one's self to do for one of the common people. " For Floyd prided her self upon not having yet accepted service with common people, and had made a mental reser vation in accepting the ten pounds. If the new comer should not come up to Floyd's standard of what a lady should be, Lady Roughton must be respectfully but firmly informed that not for twice the sum offered could Floyd wait upon her. But Jean and her belongings, few as they were, satisfied Floyd. 44 Lady Roughton thought you might probably prefer sitting here sometimes to being in the drawing-rooms, and bade me say that it shall be better arranged as soon as possible — when she knows what you would like. " 44 Lady Roughton is very kind, but I do not think it can be better," said Jean. " It is a cheerful room, is it not, ma'am, with its look over the square. It has the same view as her ladyship's sitting-room, which opens into it by that door. She thought you would feel less lonely near to her. She very rarely uses the drawing-rooms ; her health does not admit of receiving company, and Sir Arthur always dines at his club and is out in the evenings now. "Sir Arthur — Lady Roughton's husband?" J ean had not given a thought to the possibility of there being a husband. "Yes, ma'am. Didn't you know her ladyship is married ?" " It did not occur to me." " My mistress hopes you will be able to amuse yourself, ma'am. This is not one of her best days, and going out has made her rather worse, I think. She bade me tell you that she has ordered dinner to be prepared by five o'clock, as she thought you might prefer that hour to-day, and begs you will excuse her until the evening, when she may be better for the rest she is taking." Floyd would have been in the wildest astonish ment could she have known how her mistress was resting at that moment. Lady Roughton was now pacing the room with hurried uneven steps, wildly wringing her hands and now casting herself down on to the ground in the utter abandonment of shame and misery. At five o'clock Jean was informed that dinner was on the table, and Floyd conducted her to the hall, where a footman took charge of her, ushering her into the great dining-room with official solemnity. Dinner was elaborately laid for one, and the footman stationed himself behind her chair. "Oh, dear !" thought Jean, with a glance at the elaborate preparations, and the lmge figure in livery. it T£ la tm 1 1.1 j 7 j at, a lLLrs. xiuyu says, tuere s lo oe extra pay, well and good. I'll bring myself down to it for a time," thought Robert. But the effort it cost him was very apparent indeed. His languid way of offering anything might have suggested extreme physical weakness, had there been no other cause for his feeling incon venienced by its weight. Fortunately for her self Jeau was more hungry than nervous, and she partook of the dainty dishes presented to lier with some enjoyment, Hercules notwith standing. He had just placed dessert (Lady Roughton had given orders for Miss Bell to be treated as an honoured guest) upon the table, and to her relief quitted the room, when she heard sounds of an arrival. The hall-door was opened and shut, a quick tread sounded outside ; the door of the room in which she sat was un ceremoniously flung open, and a gentleman en tered with his hat on, and a sheaf of papers in his hand. " The brougham at seven, Robert." His eyes fell upon J ean, and he stood for a mo ment or two gazing at her in dumb amazement. Blushing deeply, she half rose from her seat, not knowing what to say or do. He took off his hat, murmured an apology, and left the room again. A minute afterwards he re- entered. " I must introduce myself, if you will allow me, Miss Bell !" "You are Sir Arthur?" she said, bowing. " Yes. Pray do not let me disturb you. I only returned to apologise for my abruptness just now." "I had finished." she said, mo vinor towards 7 the door, eager to make her escape as quickly as possible. He held open the door for her, with as grand a bow as he would make to a duchess ! thought Robert, who from his standpoint in the hall had observed his master's courtesy. " Poor Mary !" mused Sir Arthur. " I hoped she meant to engage some useful middle-aged person. She can hardly expect a girl like that to settle down to the life here. It was not wise to let Miss Bell come if she herself desired it." Sir Arthur Roughton was a tall, slightly- built, distinguished- looking man, somewhat under forty years of age ; his too delicately and sharply-defined features typifying race — race slightly degenerated — rather than strength. Almost the same might be said of his mental qualities. Clear and incisive as it was, his in tellect wanted breadth. But if his highest con ceptions were not grand, his lowest were not vile. His dependants spoke of him with re spect. "He was high, was Sir Arthur, and you had to be careful — it didn't do to say a word too many in answering him. " But though he was never familiar with dependants, those who served him faithfully found him consi- derate, and even anxious for their well-being, and all were proud of him as one of the right sort— 4f a born gentleman." Since Lady Roughton had become a confirmed invalid, and had had her separate apartments, he was as scrupulously attentive and regardful of her comfort as he had ever been. She was supposed to be a little older than her husband — she looked years older— but that might be at tributed to ill health, and a temperament which appeared to be a not naturally cheerful one. She never went into society nor received any visitors, leading a silent, solitary life in her own suite of rooms. Until succeeding to the baronetcy and large estates, which fell to him in consequence of a succession of unexpected deaths in the family, it was rumoured that Sir Arthur had not i./en a rich man, and had always lived abroad. This was supposed to account for the fact of Lady Roughton having no friends in England. When about twenty, a subaltern with his regiment in India, Sir Arthur Roughton had suddenly sold out of the army, ana" left the country, after which he was only heard of at rare intervals by his friends, living upon his small income at different continental cities, and keeping out of the way of English residents or visitors. Even after his succession: to the estates he remained abroad, leaving- tei rian&gemdhtpf; thezrf to ageqts for nearly three years. But a few monthB previously to tug dftto) bo and Lady Roughtou udd0idy arrived . at Roughton Park, and ass.u?ied the duties and respon sibilities of his position. He had been readily welcomed by men of his class. His means and position were too influential in the county he represented for him to be ignored, had he been less desirable than he was as a companion hut it came to be understood by their wives ' that Lady Roughton's health did not permit of paying or receiving visits, and civilities were exchanged upon cardboard to the content of all parties. It was considered odd that no one knew anything about the antecedents of the wife ; " but no doubt Lady Roughton had adopted the wisest course under the circum stances, and her seclusion prevented many unpleasant little complications which might otherwise have arisen," said society. They had now taken up their permanent residence in town, that Lady Roughton might have the bene fit of being near the best physicians, though Sir Arthur had been informed that their greatest skill could only smooth her way to the grave. It was the opinion of many of those about her that Lady Roughton did not sufficiently ap preciate the luxuries with which she was sur rounded. It was not suffering which caused her to be so regardless of her surroundings. She suffered very little as a rule, appearing to fade gently day by day, and some of the medical men consulted believed that she might at any rate prolong her life if she cared to do so. But she very evidently did not desire it. Ail their sug gestions were disregarded, she took an airing less and less frequently, and declined to be amused in any way, seeming to take not the slightest interest in anybody or anything. It hadlbeen only to satisfy her husband, to whom the doctors had suggested the advisability of her having a cheerful lady companion, that she made an effort and paid a visit to the agent's that day. She would just set his mind at rest by going, but she had quite made up her mind beforehand not to find any lady who would suit her. The very idea of a companion was intolerable to her. Before paying his accustomed visit that after noon (Sir Arthur spent lialf-an- hour in his wife's room every day), lie sent to know if she would receive him. " Not one of your best days, I fear, Mary," bending down to give the customary kiss upon her brow, but not at all disturbed at finding a handscreen in the way. The kiss had been offered, and that was enough. Whatever he had once been, Sir Arthur Roughton was not very exigeante in the matter of kisses now. He seated himself and calmly went on, " You have soon succeeded in finding a companion. I was so astonisned that I was abrupt to Miss Bell when I found her in the dining-room just now. But I enquired of Robert, and made the amende as well as I could." 1 — slie was waiting at the omce, and — when I found she was only staying in lodgings, I thought it just as well she should come here at once," replied Lady Roughton, speaking me chanically, her eyes fastened upon the screen in her hand. " Oh, of course ; I hope you will find her com panionable. 1 do not know much about lady companions : but would not you have found an older and more experienced woman more useful to you, Mary ? Is not Miss Bell too young for such an office ?" "She did not think so. " "But was it quite wise to allow her to de cide ? This is hardly the place for a young girl like " A faint cry from Lady Roughton. The colour deepened in her husband's face. "Mary! Surely you cannot think me capable of — of mean ing— " "No, I ought to know you are not capable of anything ungenerous. I do know it. " Then she presently added, in a low quivering voice, "But I feel that it was not right to — let her come. I was miserably, selfishly weak !" "No, no? do not say that. We must hope she vviR be induced to stay, and do our best to make things as cheerful as we can for her. It will certainly be pleasant to see her about the house. She is very nice-looking — something, the turn of her head or expression of the eyes — I hardly know what, reminded me a little of yourself at her age. Anyhow, she looks very refined and more un- lia.rknftvpr1 than rmfi PYTipnf.s s. mmnaninn lur nrn. fession to be. She is quite a gentlewoman, though ; only just emerged from the schoolroom, I presume. Although she was a little nervous at my sudden irruption, it was not the nervous ness of ill-breeding. Intelligent, too ; if her face speaks truly." He spoke at length, desirous to make his wife satisfied with what she bad done, and openly as an honourable man can be open in his admiration of a beautiful woman. " I am glad you approve of Miss Bell," gently , replied his wife. "I hope you made a liberal arrangement with her, Mary ? A few pounds more or less are of no importance, yon know. What salary did you offer— a hundred ?" "I forgot. I have not mentioned anything about salary yet. " " Not mentioned salary ! And did not she ?" "She forgot, too, I suppose." " Not a very business-like beginning," he said, smilingly. " She certainly does not give you the idea of being accustomed to bargain. But she may safely depend upon you to do what is right. In truth, Lady Roughton really had forgotten the business part of the question, and, oddly enough, this remembrance that it had to be done was painful to her ; her husband's carte blanche notwithstanding. It seemed as though she sud denly realised some ne\v difficulty. When Jqan was seated with, Lady Roughton that evening, and had, in the fulness of her heart, tried to give some expression to her thankfulness for hev good fortune, the other slowly and hesitatingly approached the subject. " There was no mention made of — of remunera tion between ns this morning, Miss ReU, I do not hnow what you have been in the habit of re ceiving, " -Mine have been such funny habits, Lady Roughton," smilingly replied Jean. "I have had only one situation, and that lasted but a few weeks. " Then, feeling that she ought not to expect such munificent sums as forty pounds a year, she did not name the sum Miss Drakes had agreed to give ; adding, " I shall be satisfied with very little. " " I presume you only want sufficient to — to procure ciothes, and so forth ?" which certainly appeared a little mean on Lady Roughton's side, after her husband's hint about being liberals if she b&4 another and deeper matiyo for notj . wishing the Uray of salary, it was in such" contrast with' her ready' o&er; of ten pounds for Mrs. Brice, too. 4 'That is all," cheerfully returned Jean, And you do not care about purchasing your own things, I dare say, so that you have what you require ?" Oh, no ; not in the least ! I have not been, accustomed to buy my own clothes, and I should not know what things ought to cost, Lady Rough- ton. I have never even bought myself a pair of gloves." " Then you will consent, perhaps, to accept my promise that you shall have everything a gentlewoman could require, without my giving you any fixed sum, Miss Bell ?" " Quite," said Jean. I am a little peculiar, perhaps, in — in net liking to give anything in the way of fixed pay ment to you — to one in your position," hesitated Lady Roughton, by way of explanation. "Iam quite willing to leave everything to you, Lady Roughton," said Jean, though a little astonished, too. Had she met with another ec centric person ? Well, perhaps it was only ec centric people who wanted companions. And, really, what a home she had found. It would be quite wicked not to be satisfied. Though this was not so full of romance as Drayford House, apparently not containing so many ghosts of the past, it was more luxurious and comfortable. Lady Roughton thought a little, then made OTinlhfll of+nwinf r»4- Tl 1 1. ' _ auviuuvi caui/tUXlJJU CAJJletLULLIUII. At WHS lier wrilTTl to provide for her companion out of her own in come, and she could do that more easily if Miss Bell would let her spend it in her own way, re peating that the latter would find herself fur nished with all she needed. Jean heartily ac quiesced, begging her to say no more about the matter, hut do just ;i z she pleased. Afterwards, Lady Roughton lay back in her chair, holding a screen before her facs, and speaking very little. Jean was just sufl iently fatigued after her day's excitement to enjoy dreaming away the evening in a low cob. by the fire. With th© understanding that h<_r present employer was an invalid, there was not the same discomfort in silence which there had been with the Miss Drakes. But twice or thrice, when she ventured to steal a glance in that direction, she met Lady Rough - ton's eyes fixed uqon her with an expression which greatly puzzled her. They were with drawn in an instant, a faint colour tinging the thin cheeks. 4 ' She is wondering what sort of a girl I really am," thought Jean. "I wish she would ask questions, and let me tell lier all about myself, and then she would know the worst. How funny to be sitting in state here, amongst all thisjgrandeur, when only last night I was mending the children's socks in dear Mrs. Brice's little parlour." But Jean was dismissed at ten o'clock with a quiet good-night, and sent to her room, believing- herself as much an enigma to Lady Roughton as the latter was to her. " She seems a little dis- tant and cold in her manner," thought Jean, "and yet there is a something. I feel sure she. can he very kind sometimes — more than kind. Her eyes had such a tender, loving look in them when she fancied I was not looking. She awoke in the night half conscious that someone was in the room hoveling about her bedside, and oneq_ it seemed as though lips were touching her liaud which lay outside the coverlid. But sh<» soo'"'1 persuaded herself that she must v Kppn dreaming, and fed into healthy uinor ag-ain> (to be continit"vd | 