^Talttable corals and sponges also abound eft the coast, and it only requires energy and the expenditure of a small amount of capital to establish a most important and lucrative trade in both these articles. . Let tts now glance at the intellectual condition of the island and its position a3 a military station. Much of the informa tko with respect to these two particulars we have gleaned from the account of a recent traveller in the country, who has communicated a narrative of his tonr to the Pall Mall Gaztth. Having regard, however, to the prenounced Philo Turkisb. tendencies of that journal we venture to thin1* some of the statements must be regarded with a considerable amount of reserve. The Christian schools are, it is stated, four in number. Two o these are primary schools belonging to the Greek Church — one for boys and the other for girls. The first is attended by 220 pupils and the latter by 141. In addition there is a higher school or Lyce'e belonging to the same religious body, attended by seventy-five students. The remain ing Christian school is a smJ one belonging to the Roman Catholics. The Mussulmans have five schools. There is a primary school for boys, attended by 300 pupils, and one for girls, with 32 scholars. The other Turkish schools are I.yce'es, ? ad they are amended by upwards of 200 students. The Tur'xs have evidently fully recognised the strategical importance of the island, aid have, therefore, not; only nude it a military station with -strong fortifications, but ships of war are always kept crulsiug about the entrance of Sada, the grc»; harbour of *^ie isUnd. The garrison oi the island is composed of nearly 11,000 men, of whom 1,500 are artillery, 0,400 regular infantry, and the remainder an auxiliary iorce ?-f gendarmerie. Since the late insurrec tion the island has been covered with a network of military roads, by which heavy field-pieces can be conveyed from one strategical station to the other. A complete system of telegraphic communi cation is also maintained between the various stations and the capital. The latter, agam, is in communicatiou by cable with Alexandria and Europe, there being also a special cable to Constantinople via Rhode?. 3Io3t of the fortifications are in a decayed condition, but steps are now being taken to erect important works at Foii Izzedin and on Paloea Suda. 'When these are completed they will form a triangle of foi Presses commanding the entrance to Suda. The flcst stationed at Suda nominally consists of ten ships;' oidy about half that number, however, are usuaMy in the harbour. Most of these are wooden vessels, but the flag ship of the Admiral, which is always kept cruising about the harbour, is a powerful monitor turret ship armed with two Armstrong muzzle-loading guns of 250 pounds each. The sailors are also armed with the Winchester lifie, a recent Ameiican invention possessing the advantage of carrying a large number of charges at once, and worked somewhat on the prin ciple of a revolver. From what we have said we think it will be manifest that should the necessity of the events now passing in the East require the occupation of Crete by England there would be no reason to .regret such a step. Such an occupation would be very different from the expensive and futile occu pation of the Ionian Islands. These islands, as compared with Crete, are strategically of secondary importance. There we had fortifications to con struct and military roads to make. In Crete to a very great extent both would be ready to our hands. It has often been said that Gibraltar is the key of the Mediterranean. In a much stricter sense it might be said that Crete is the key of the Bosphorus. With a fleet in the harbour of Suda and a strong military force on the island England could com jnand the approaches to the Black Sea, asserta supremacy on the Levant, and over awe Egypt. Possessed of Crete, we might bid defiance to Russia, evenifihe armies of the Czar held Constantinople and his fleet rode in the Dardanelles ; we there fore believe that the occupation of tb«'s island is the only effectual answer which England can .make if Russia determines to .expel the .Sultan from Stambottl— that is of .course if we do not resist hj force of asms the advance of Rassia upon the Bofcphorus. Telegraphic IsTELUGEycs. — It will be seea by the telegrams published m another column that Russia ia evidently preparing for war. The mobilization of the forces has been commenced, and the various military divisions have received orders to be in readiness. A sti/1 more serious step, however, baa been taken by the Czar in ordering a fleet of ironclads to proceed to the Black Sea, The demands which Russia has made with respect to the insurgent Provinces are, it appears, the appointment of Christian Governors and inative officials, the expulsion of the Circassians (that is, we presume, of the Bashi-Bazouks, who have committed the atrocities), and the appointment of aperma nent Council, composed of the Consuls of the Great Powers, for the purpose of seeing that the afiairs of the Provinces are con tlneted in accordance with the principles \--f equity 2nd justice. It is not stated what view the Sultan takes of these demands; but we are glad to observe that in deference to the advice of the Powers he has finally assented to the holding of the proposed Conference. ' Great activity) it is stated, prevails at 'Woolwich and Portsmouth, which would seem to indicate that the English Govern ment are determined to be ready should war become a necessity. Municipal.— The nomination of candidates for the representation of the city will take placa to-day in the Town Hall at soon. The nomini tions will also be held to-day at Port Adelaide, Biighton, and Glenelg:. Htsdmabsh Wabd.— About 60 ratepayers met at tb«» Stag Inn, Rundte-street, on Friday ?evexdxs^, November 24, to bear the views of tbe candidates for the ensuing election. Mr. G, Kennedy presided, and Councillor Stacy and 4lr. H. K. Fuller spoke at some length on Mnnicipil matUra. Mr. W. C. Bu& proposed, and Mr. F. Thomas seconded, that Councillor Staoy was the most fit and proper person to represent them as a Councillor. Mr. Hanton then proposed that Mr. H. B. Fuller was a more fit pereon to represent them, which proposition was seconded by Mr. Finders. On a show of hands being called for there was a majority in favour of Mr. Puller. GtE7 Wabb.— Mr. Champion met the electors of this ward at the Rose Inn, Sturt-street, on Friday, November 24, and repeated the views he had stated at a previous meeilng. Mr. Mad«e, tht) otter candidate, was not pressafc. The attendance was large, and Mr. J. H. Canning ham acted as Chairman. Mr. Paphael proposed Mr. Cbampion, who was duly seconded and supported. Mr. Davy then moved an amend meat 'That Mr. Madge was a more fit and pror«r person to represent them,' which ws 8°condea. On the amendment and proposition bein? put to the meeting, the Chairman declared the electors by a large majority to be in favour of Mr. Champion. MacDoskkll Wabd. — A meeting of the rate payers of this ward was held at the Dover Castle Hotel, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, Njvember 24. There were about 60 persona present, and Mr. Councillor Downs occupied the chair. The Chairman, af terreading the announce* n»ent calling the meeting, made a few remarks., and then read an excuse that had bees sent from Mr. D. Field, wbiob stated that the writer would be unable to stand for the ensuing elections owing to preis of private business. Mr. E. S. Wigg then addressed the meeting and spoke of various municipal matters. He thought that if the Glsnelg Bailway Company desired to extend their line they should pay for so doing. He was in favour of tbe system of deep drainage being carried out. He said he was an old ratepayer, and would, if elected, endeavour to forward the interests of the ward. A number of questions were then pat to him by the ratepayers and were answerrd favourably. Mr. Brown then pro pored, ' That Mr. E. 8. Wigg is a fit and proper person to represent them in the Municipal Council.' Mr. W. King, jun., seconded. On a show of hands the motion was carried, there being no opposition. Mayoralty op Kapunda.— On Friday after noon, November 24, ai i-jnuentiil deputation waited upon Dr. Blcod, rrqurrtit'? him to allow hirrself to be nonrnrted as Mayor of Kapunda for the ensuing year in consequence of the altered decision of Mr. J. P. Moyle, J P., to come forward. A requisition, numerously and iflfluenthUysigne.*, wpj presented to the dojtDr, aid after some oftideration he consent d to actif elc^ad. FtXSJNGTON AND NORWOOD CORPORATION.— Mr. Robert Knowlee, at the request of a numb2r of ratepayers, has consented to stand for Kent Town Ward. CRICKET. — The Kensington and Kent Clubs meet on the Oval this afternoon ; and the N.A.Y.M. and South Adelaide Club3 on the Parkland?. Abcp^bt.— The list meeting this season of the Archery Club will tike place on the College grounds this afternoon. The Weather.— The annexed telegram, from an ext^Tisive E^uaf-ar about 15u miles from Bocrke, ha3 jw-t been received by a friend in this colony :— ' Bourke, November 23. — Drought broken up. Paroo flooded, ' KOOBOONA COPPER MHiE.0 COMPANT, LIMITED. —At an extraordinary general meeting of this Company, held at the office of Mr. W. L. Ware, King William-street, Adelaide, on Friday, 24th insU, tHre were present in person and by proxy eleven shareholders. It wes rerolved that tie Company be wound up voluntarily, and Mr. W. L. Ware was appointed Liquidator. Adelaide Hosfttat- — Our in? the prit fort night the number of patients admitted to tbu institution »as 81; 73 were discharged and 3 died. There are now in the Hospital 167 patien+9, and the number of out-patients pre scribed for is 645. Unlby Weslbtan SianuY-scHOOL.— -A. suc cessful social gathering took place among the te-'ctiere and scholars of the Unley Wesleyan Sunday-school on Friday night, November 24. After ths children had partaken of tea, the parentr, friends, and visitors were highly pleased in witnessing the varied programme successfully carried out by attendants at the Sunday-bchool. The entertainment eonsfated of musical selec tion*, recitations, and addresses. Mr. Dobbie presided. The Wrecking C*6Bb.— ' At the adjourned Private Magisterial enquiry before Mr. B. J. urner, S.M., in the Local Court-House, on Monday, November 20, the three prisoners charged with stealing goods from the wreck of tbe Geltwcod, John Kerr, John Lamand, and Andrew Cameron, were committed for trial,' writes tbe Border Watch. 'No fresh arre*ts have been made as yet. The proceedings at the enquiry were conducted with closed doors.' Scalded. — A lad Darned Wm. Johns, who lately arrived in the colony, accidentally scalded himself on Friday, November 24, at Morcom's Temperance Hotel, Hindley-street. It apoears taat whilst taking a bath he unwittingly left the hot water tap runnine; and on turning about the boiling water poured on to hb shoulders, thereby badly scalding him. He was imme diately removed to the Hospital, where he was attended to. Thb Next Loot, Coubt op Full Jubbdic tion.— We understand that Thursday next, the 30th instant, has been fixed for the holding of the next Court of Full Jurisdiction, Adelaide, instead of the Wednesday following, viz , 6th December. Cathedral Choir.— An advertisement in another column intimate? that eight boys ara wanted for the Cathedral Cho'r, and clergymen are requested to make the fact known in their churches. Accidbh?.— The Ncrtftm Argus in its If itsst issue reports a serious accident to a mac in the employ of Mr. B. liper, of Beialie Ei-rt. He was driving a team of horaes attached to a we?on loaded with four tons of timber, and by soma means fir»:ed bis footing and fell between tha shaft 3 sod one of the horses in front of the wheel, wbioh prxad over his body crushing him most severely. He wrs at one a -taken to James town, and is now (November -23) progressing favouiably under the treatment of Dr. Cock burr. A Sertakt Gal Story.— The laat interesting story connected with our new chum, servant girla — and whioh as mual is put forward as a fact— hes been rent to the Xtrlhara. Mail by a correspondent. He sayB: — ' An ictmi^aat who not long since aiiived from the Emerald Isle w?s ecgaged in a family in Adelaide aa a genera! servant, but judging from the maoaer in which she set about thiDgs, the work was entirely new to her. One morning the mistress of the house told Biddy tc boil some egga, and in order that ihev n-?gbt be properly cooked Biddy wa3 also told to use tha egg-boiier. Judge the surprise of the mistress, on going into tku kitches a few mtnutas afterwards to see if tbe «?^s were ready, to .find the egg-boiler earefully put into the water with the egR6.' A£qua11EB's Peet.— The Clare paper u in formed that w^ld dogs are very plentiful on Messn, J. k. R. T. Reid's Beetaloo P.un, and that saore tkan half of the Iambi this essson have [igen destroyed by them. AiJCHDEATOI? MaRBYAT'S LSCTOBE ON THE GEKKfULSraon.— The following errata occurred in oar report of this lecture :— Uadar the aeid of ' Court for thj Trial of Bishops' reai ' The B^.hop» had hxi four years' instead of ' The Bi«hop.' Under fch? head of 'Rules of Com aaittsa of Appeal' for 'Bishop elect' read ' Bishop elected by House of Bieaopa.' Under the head of 'Board of Missions' for 'and' read ' MfeaooB to the aborigines.' THB FaKIB OP Oolo.— Thia deservedlj popuhr illusionist will begin a short eeiaon at the Theatre Koyal this evening. Those who wtCretFed Doctor SOvester'ti woudfrs wbeu he was last in Adelaide will not require much inducement to caute them to make a point ot attecditjj hit entertainment again. We nottce, newtver, that the Doctor is determined to leave no it'Le unturned to ensure popularity. In addition to his beautiful ' prismatic fojnUid' and mysterious 'entranced lady,' which he exhibited when last in Adelaide, he has several novelties. Amongst these is one termed 'Doctor Silvester versus the Davenport i Brothers,' m whioh tbe performance of the latter gectlemen is said to bo imitate Yiry closely. The Fakir's manifes tations in this line include something in the style of Maskeylene & Ccok'a luviUtion aot, Mr. A. Silvester being floated above the heads of tbe audience without any visible suspending power. There are also some ghost effects, presumably Pepper's astonishing- illusion, which has never been properly produced in this colony. A panorama of tb« voyage of the Serapia with tbe Pricoe of Wales, and vocalizations by Mr. and Mrs. Impson — who have before visited us — and Madame Silvester go to make up what cannot Jsil to be an interesting programme, Tbe Davekpobt Bbothers.— The fe\nca of the Davenport Brothers at the Town Hall last D'^ht was patrouLed by a large assemblage. Mr. Peierewald and Mr. Anthony formed the Committee of tbe evening. The performance was essentially tbe same as that we have already noticed, and thoee cf the audience who had evidently witnessed it before were apparently as much mjstided as those who saw it for the first time. The hands were, we think, more obtrusively -Uible than on ordinary occasions, although Mr. Anthony, who tied Mr. Ira Davenport, and Mr. Feterawald, who manipu lated his brother, both performed their tas t in a very exemplary manner. The dark B&ance;, in which Professor Fay takes bo prominent a part, was as successful as utual— instruments playing, and the Professor's coat flying in most mystical fashion. DurLig the evening between the searces Mr. Davies entertained the audience with his wonted ventriloquial ability. This evening the performance will be under the patronage of Bis Excellency the Governor and lady Musgrave. Fktbbtaikjikht at Gawxeb.— A musical and literary entertainment in aid of the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institution was giv^n in the iDsltiuts Hell, Gawler, on Thursday evening, Nov. 23. Ihe large hall was crowded with well-wishers to the charity, there being about 500 people pre sent. Mr. J. M. Bailey, the President of the Institute, in a few well - chosen remarks, opened the pro-eedings. He then introduced the Misses Nash and Warren, who in an able manner performed the overture. The little blind girl, Alice Brooks, then recited in a very feeling manner the piece ' The Blind Girl to her Mother.' Thh was followed by a short address from Mr. Wm. Townsend, M.P., on 'Benevolence and Money, their Use anl Abuse.' He handled his subject in a very masterly manner, and many of his sentimenta were heartily applauded. The song 'The Village Blacksmith,' by Mr. John Limb, followed, in which difficult piece he was quite at home. Mrs. F. Per j man in the song 'Wrecked and Sived' earned the audience with her, and was loudly encored. A reading entitled 'Calum Dhu,' by Mr. Wm. Malcolm, J. P., followed, and was listened to with breathless interest. Mn. Beadnall was well received in the 'Blind Girl's Srag,' and had to return to an enthusiastic encore. Mr. Saint in the song ' Holy Friir' was well re ceived. The second part of the entertainment was begun by Miss Nash playing the overture, which she did proficiently. Mr. Sanderson in ' The Old Sexton' wrs well received, his deep bars voice being heard to good advantage in all parts of the hall. The blind boy, David, gave a reading from 'The pood old book.' Mrs. Beadnall in the soDg 'Give to me those early flowers' met with a weil-de:erved compliment, and retired amid a norai offerirj from the audience, and e^ain appeared to the im perative demanos of the audience. Mr. F. Harris recited the ' Battle of Ivry' in fine style. 'Tell me, Maty, how to woo thee,' by Mr. £L J. Garrocd, elicited an encore, and he replied «*ith 'I love the mr;.d for loving me.' Mrs. F. Pery man, in 'Tell me, my heait,' w; 3 much admired, and had to respond again. Mr. Tonosend, M. P., then gave a sketch from the 'Lights and Shadows of London Life,' and wound up with renting a pal t of Lon^f ellow'8 ' Psalm of life.' A heai iy vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had taken part ri the proceedings wa-? cairied and ' God Save the Quean' by the company brought a most enjoyable evening's amusement te a clcse. LlTKBABY AND MUSICAL ENTEBTAINJIKNT.— An entertainment, consisting of solos, duet?, glees, and a lecture upon ' Oddities of Genius, ' was given in the Baptist Church Lecture Hall, Flinders-street, on Friday evening, November 24, before a moderately large and thoroughly appreciative audience. The Rev. S. Mead, LL.B., presided. The most prominent feature of the evening's proceedings was the lecture referred to, which wa3 delivered by the Rav. James Henderson, and which has already been somewhat fully reported in these columns. It was divided into two parts, so as to admit of musical pieces being gona through prefatory to each part Abound ing as it did with numerous sparkling and humorous anecdotes, and illuminated hers and there with not a few brilliant flashes of eloquence, the lecture proved deservedly feuccess f ul, frequently evoking the unrestrained plaudits of the auditors. Of the musical selections executed those more worthy of mention were a duet entitled ' Good night/' sung by the Misses Vandepeer, 'Rocked in the cradle of the deep,' by Miss Everett, and the favourite glee ' Ob, music,' whioh was joined in by some seven or eight lady and gentleman amateurs. Kessington Park Oval Association.— Tha annual general meeting of the Kensington Park Oval Association was held in Mr. T. Caterer's schoolroom on Friday evening, November 24. There were about a dozen members present, and the Hon. L. Glyde preaded. Tne Secretary, Mr. B. P. Meredith, read the report, from whica the following are extracts : — ' Grounds— The couoh grass has spread thickly over the whole Oval, and the ornamental trees ars making good progress. During the past year the Oral has been used for several football matches and two athletic meetings, the proceeds from which have helped to meet all petty expenses. The sum received from the athletic sports arranged by tbe Committee, held on tli* Adelaide Oral in June Ir.st, amounted to £1 7. 8s. 7d. Financial — The total reoipte for the past year amount to £56 3s. 8d., and the expenditure to £19 3?. 2d., leaving a balance of £37 Os.^ 6d., which deducted from last year's liabilities makes a total debit balance of £11 17s. 4d. at the present time, due es follows:— To the Bank, £27 16*. 9i. ; to tfco Treasurer, £U 0s. 7d.; and sundry creditors, £20. Total, £61 17s. id., also £42 interesc on mortgage. Improvements— Your Committee desire to state that they are fully alive to the many and necessary improvements that are at once required ere the Oval can be rendered reaJy fit for matches, eapeci?'ly cricket; such as close fencing, laying on of watsr, &c; The thanks of the Committee asd of the members are due to the President, the Hon. L. Glyde, for his kind and hearty assistance in giving advice, &c.; during the past year.' On the motion of Mr. Meredith, seconded by Mr. Wood, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. Tbe following officers were elect=d for the ensuing year : — Treasurer, Mr. & Crook?, who consented to act till another could be found; Secretary, Mr. J. Wright. Com mittee— Messrs. W. Btrawbridge, C. T. Har?rave, P. Wood, & P. Meredhh, J. Wright, F. Parry, and T. Caterer; and Auditors, Messrs. W. I , Glyde, and A. Caterer. Mr. W. H. Philiipps moved, and Mr. F. Perry seconded— 'That the Committee 1 3 empowered to ra;se by deben tures £2,000 oh the security of the property, for thepurptae of paying off the present Ifabilitiesand putting tbo grouou in proper order. The deben tures ehaU be for tuch period and boar interest at Jbuch rate ,as the Committee may thiak fit' Tie motion wa« carried unanimously. A vote of thanks having keen proposed to the Hon. L. Glyda for his ioterest in the Assoc'atioc, and ai3o to Mr. Caterer for the use of the room, the meetng closed. Hahley Mine.— Tht- Manager has rooeived the following news, dated November 21, from the capUti of this mine:— 'Lode in Beddome's Shaft jieldirg 15 tons 25 per cent ort per fathom.' ;; Flwd and De4P and Ddmb Asylum.— 'Hib : frundatioii-fcton* of t-e new bund and Dai and DimV At-ylum at B'ightcn was laid yesterday aheixoott by Mus Townsend, daughter of Mr. W. Towcfend, to whom the public is mainly indebted for the birth of the institution and for no ►oiall proportion of its prosperity. A great featuie in the day's programme corjiisted in the participation of the Model 8chool children in the ceremonial. Tbe children arsembled at tbe Sahoo! in Grote stnet— both boys and girls, dressed in gala attire — marched' thence to the Glenele Railway Station, aecompanied by their own drum and fife band, which performed lively airs tn route. A number of the Training School pupils ware in attendance to take charge of the children. The good effect of Messrs. Madley and Clark's drill instruction was plainly apparent, tbe boys especially marching with a regularity of step that would have been creditabie in much older ranks. At the station a large crowd assembled to witness the starting of the train. Even the Police Court audience tore themselves away from tbe fascinating pleasure of listening to the not always edifjicg evidence thereia given to boo the happy juveniles start on their pleasure trip. Thankti to tbe clockwork-like matner in which the children are taught to obey orders in the Model Schools, the whole detaohment were cot into their places in the oarriagj and arrived at their destination at Brighton without the Eiightest ooiifiieion or danger. Tbey were con veyed from Glenelg to Brighton and back in 20 of Messrs. Bill & Co.'s coaches. About 500 people, exclusive of the school children , rssemb'ed to witness the laying of the stone. Mis3 Town send, piior to performing the caresaony, expressed in very antable terms the pleasure she experienced in comply hg with the wish of the Committee ot the institution. Bis Honor tbe Crief Jusiice and the Commis sioner of Public Works took part in the cere mony, and were subsequently present at a banquet given by Messis. Townsend and King in toe Biighton Town Hall in honour of the occasion. The school children were entertained by the same hosts on the groonds of the institu tion, and, after spending a very pleannt after noon in the exercise of both limbs and lungs, returned to Adelaide by special train shortly after 6 o'clock. A full report of the day's pro* ceediugs wQl be found elsewhere. Pboposed New Hto.dbeds. — The following definitions of two proposed hundreds in the Ccunty of Robe were ordered by the House of Assembly to be printed on October 24: — Hun- dred No. 246, comprising lands east of the Hun dred Waterhouse, and 10 miles north of the U'-.ndred of Lnke George. Description— The greiter portion of the land is of a swampy nature, with good and nr'xad soil, requiiing drainage; remainder rough pasture and agri cultural laiid. Hundred No. 247, comprising lands east of the Hundred of Waterhouse, south of the Hundred of Bowaka, and nsrth of Bundred No. 246. Description — About one half of the land is swampy with good and mixed soil, requiring drainage; remainder rough pasture &nd; agricultural land. Sliding B ock Me?b.— In a private letter, dated Sliding Rock,Nevember20,the writer says:— 'The mine is look ing Al. Smelting works doing well and a prosperous future before us. We had two splendid showers of rain last week, and soon shall have plenty of feed.' Cobpobation op Kensington and Nobwood. —Coubt of appeals Against assessment.— Tbe Corporation of the above borough sat as a Coutt of Appeal in the matter of Municipal p'-i elements for the year 1877 at the Council Chamber, Norwood, oa November 25. Fre3ent —His Worship the Mayor (Mr. S. D. Glyde), Councillors Vngg, Bailey, Hales, Gooden, Hill, Dew, and Packham; and Mr. Moulden, Tow a Clert', Tnere were 12 appellants to have the assortment on their property reduced. The first ca~e considered waj that of Mr. PS. T. Smith, M.P., who appealed against an assessment of £480 wbich had been made on his new brewery. Mr. Pater, who appeared for the appellant, said the amount at which the pre* I mises were assessed was excessive, and he asked to be allowed to examine the A=fefsor as to the bash of his calculations. A desultory conversation ensued. Mr. Moulden eaid the shorter end more business- like way would be for him to elicit from the Assessor the basis on which the assessment had been made, and Mr. Patar could aft3rwards show cause why it should be reduced. In reply to questions the I Asrcrsor said the c«3t of the premises had besn j taken rs £9,6U0, which at 5 per cent gave the | amount at which they had been rated. Or it I might he gotatinanotner way. The lotting value of the breweiy w?3 between £500 and £600 per annum, and the ratiBg value was fixed con siderably under that to make full allowance. I Mr. Patsr said he bad been interrupted in his ' exp ruination, and the matter takea out of his hands by Mr. Moulden, who thought he could better cut the Gordisn knot, pud therefore he j (Mr. Pater) should not again interfere. H13 j Worship the Mayor eaid the matter was now ' placed on a proper foofog. Am assessment bad i been made, to which a ratepayer objected, I The Council had shown their reasons for fixing ! the amount, and it was now for the appellant or | his representatives to show that these reasons j were not good, and to make it clear to the Court ! why tbe rate should be reduced. Mr. Pater i said he would not interfere further in the \ matter, but would leave the Court He had 1 been told to expect strong opposition from a i certain quarter, and had heard a whispered ; comment that he had only come there to bother i the Court. Therefore he should at once with ! draw, which he then did. On the motion of | Councillor booden, seconded by Councillor Hales, 1 the psse?sment was confirmed. On the appeal of Mrs. Elizabeth Spicer the assessment of £18 on her premises wn reduced to £17. G. Godden I had the assessment reduced on an unfinished ! tenement in Queen- street from £10 to £3. The 1 conductors of the Catholic Female Refuge ap j pealed against an assessment of £60 per annum, ' and applied to have their property exempted from rates on the ground that it wrs a oharitable institution. The assessment was reduced to 1 £45. Mia. M. J. Sampson had the assess ment on her premises in Capper-street reduced from £24 to £20. In the other cases the assess ment was confirmed. PBDirnvE Methodism at Salisbury.— On Sunday and Monday Ir.st special services were held in the Primitive Method;st Church, Salis bury, to raise funds towards liquidating a debt ? incurred by having the church and schoolroom cewly covered. On the Sabbath the Rav. E. MaEtermsn preached morning and opening, and tbe Rev. J. E. Ferguson in the afte»aooo. On Monday a goodly company pirtook of an excel lent tea gratuitously provided by Masdames Ridley, Whitbread, Marcl-, and tlr. Coleman. After tea- the popular Service of Son? entitled 'Eva' was efficiently giver. Mr. James Spar sho*i, J.P., of Uiwler, presided, and coaduoted the proceedings with admirable fast. Miss I. itcbfield efficiently presided at the harmonium. The choir wss composed of about 20 young ladies, existed by two gentleman cioger?, and the sweetness with wbicu they rendered the pieces delighted all who he?rd they Mr. F. B. jitchfield gave the connective retdiui-a in an impressive manner. The service, which leifced nearly two houra, was well sustained throughout, The Rev. J. Weir gav9 a statement of account showing the labilities for the repiiia to 09 £52, and the proceeds of the services, supplemented by donations from frieno-f toward? the amount, to be £25. The Chairmaa expressed his appre« ciation of the character of the meeting, and ehowed b''s practical sympathy by giving a cheque for £3 3s., hx'va% hg up the sum total to over£2S. Rev. F. Mp-.^rman moved a vote of thanks to the numerous fiiends who had fssht^d at the semcei, and to the Chairman. Th'9 oksed the proceedings. Nobth Midi and Road Boa.ho.— The Northern, Arqvt, in iis last vrsue, d'scussn the proposed change of the meeting-place of tbis Board from Clare to Georgetown, and Eays:— 'Clare is decidedly the best place for th.8 office of the Bonrd, and were the monthly meetings held at Yacka, which is the most central portion of the district, the members of the Board and all who wish to attend the meetings cop!d return to their nspective homes the »ame evsniag aftsr the business was over. To make Georgetown the head-quartere would be removing it too much on one tide, and it would not be fair to Clare, Blyth, and Stanley District Coup oils, aor to the Clare Corporation, wbich have a right to be represented at the meetings of tbe Board. There are other District Councils wbich would find it more convenient to meet at Tacka than ftt Georgetown,' Labocbebb IK England.— A clergyman of Adelaide writes as follows:— 'The enclosed extract is firm a private letter of mine from tbe Rev. ? , formerly Dean of Tasmania, but new a Norfolk vicar, under date September 27, 2876. I hear the same thirg about other counties, especially tho*» in which there are manufacturing towns taking off the young men. I should explain that tbe wages of the head of the family do not by any means represent the family earnings, and at the hay season they make a good sum by'piece- work. Then there are the cottage gardens and the allotment grounds.' Subjoinad is the extract referred to: — ' You seem to think that I must be brought into contact with much povtrty acd distnsp, and have opportunities of givicg counsel to agricultural labourers, who, oppressed by the grievances of their position, v.ill be glai to betake themselves to tbe freer fields ot tbe colonies. But, in truth, poverty here ie almost uuknown. In Hobart Town, if you like, I did know what it was to be in con stant contact with abject poverty and wretched resp, utter helplessness, deserted women and children, and so forth; but here every man is employed, acd there is employment also for as many women as will work in the fields, and a boy of 12 years old will eirn bis 4s. or 5s. a wetk without any difficulty. Indeed, the only difficulty is on our side— to keep the boys of 10 and 11 in school and out of the farmers' band?. Tbe consequence is that do one hereabouts thicks of emigrating. If the young men eo away from the neighbourhood it is mostly to obtain service on the railways as porters, &a;, and tbe high rate of wages fttven by railway companies no doubt helps to raise the wage given by tbe farmers. Ibis used to be, not many years ago, I believe, 9s. or 10s.; now it is 15'., with bread no deader than it was then. Suffolk and Cambridgeshire were more affected by the agricultural strike than we were. Inueed, it hardly reached this corner of Norfolk at all. Still I do not eay that there is a good feeling between farmers and labourer?, Some of the farmers eeem to be much too fond of com plaining of the * independence' of the men, and towaids these masters, no loubt, there is a feeling of that kind leading to 'constant changes, and no love lost' on either side. But there are other cases of long attachment and faithful service, showing that the old patiiarohal system is not extinct. In the main, I think, Joseph Arch and his friends have been in the right, at least they have had real grievances to complain of; but I am afraid that the feeling that squires, farmers, and parsons were leagued againBt them (not wholly a fancy, either) has led them to bear false witness against even their supposed enemies, and against the clergy parti cularly.' Concebt.— On Monday evening a musical entertainment b to be given in White's Room, by Mr. T. W. Lyons'e singing class, assisted by several ladies and gentlemen. The first part of the progi-amme comprises selections from the ' Fohemian Girl.' The sj sciaity of the enter tainment, however, will be Offenbach's comic operetta 'The Barber of Bath,' which has never been performed in Adelaide. It is com prised in one act, and the performance does not occupy more than about three-quarters of au hour. There are but four characters, namely — Mr. Gilbert, a retired tradesman, aged 60; Young Curlew, a hairdre- «r and barber; Mr. Silvester, an apothecary ; and Gertrude, daugh ter of Mr. Gilbert, a maiden of eighteen sum mers. The period of the scene is the beginning of tbe eighteenth century. The libretto~nV3b.es with wit and humour, and the situations afford ample scope for acting. The 'Barber of Bath' opens v.ith a lively overture. The curtain then rises to a prettily- finished sitting-room. Mr. Gilbert is discovered reading a letter from Silvester's father regretting that a severe attack of the gout will p. event him from being present at biB (Gilbert's) daughter's wedding with his son Silvester— a person whom the damsel has not yet seen, and therefore does not know. The Barber Curlew presents himself for business pur poses, but soon booties puzzled at Gilbert's brainless hospi'-alitiei The youjg barber, how ever, finds relief to tbis perplexity by singing a sweet romance, ' Angel of Beauty,' when he is startled by the presence of Gertrude in bridal costume, and imagines himself a victim of a delusive dream. Gertrude, however, proclaims ' 'Tis he for whom this heart weighing.' Her soul overflows with joy, and he, throwing aside his lethargic feeling, becomes filled with supreme bliss. Their happiness, however, is of short duration, for at the close of a duet, where the key cLangres from A Hat to F, the gawky and timid apothecary Silvester arrives and discomforts the happy pair. A smart altercation ensues between the discontented trio, which is heightened by the sudden appearance of Mr. Gilbert. Now comes a scene of indescribable merriment. Every one is at cross purposes, and the banter at thi3 juncture is scattered broad cast. The quartet finale hurries the plot to a close. The banns had been published in the name of S lvester, and Curlew's patronymic we 3 the same, he being the son of the apothecary's uncle, Gilbert gives his daughter Gertrude to the hair dresser, invites the rival to the wedding, and thus the operetta ends as merry a3 a marriage bell. The music throughout is bright and cheerful, and judging from the rehearsals the concert will quite equal in excellence any of Mi*. Lyons's previous entertainments. Nabbow Escape. — Umder this heading the Clare paper reports that on 'iuesday morning, November 21, while James Harmer, who attends to the engine at Messrs. J. G. Ramsay & Co. '3 foundry, Clare, we s oiling a portion of the machinery his waistcoat we 3 caught by ono of the revolving rods. Being a strong man he made a desperate effort to free himself, and succeeded, but his waistcoat and shirt were torn off and carried round with the machinery. The re volting rod came in contact with hi3 right side under the arm, and the skin wps rubbed off. He was not, however, seriously injured. Labgb Sate of Haiuby Shares.— We unier ptaud that tbe whole of the balance of the Hamley Mine shares in the estate of the late John Taylor have been purebred at the highest figure. Shocking DBOWNrsa Accident. — An un usually sad and romantic incident occurred at Geelong lately, two lives having been lost in the River Barwon, near Ceres. A party of joung people, consisting of Mr. James Hillprd, a probationer of the Wesleyan Chorcb, the Misses £choles, and their brotheu Ernest and Samuel, boys aged 15 and 13 respectively, went to the river about 4 o'clock to fiab. Toe Geelonq Advertiser relates that on arrival at the Barwon the ladies took a stroll along the banks of tbe stream, leaviDg their com panions engaged with the fishing-tackle. The weather beine: excessively warm induced Mr. Hillard and tha boys Wholes to strip and venture i^to the water for a bathe. Mr. Hillard was a strong and expert swimmer, r id Ernest could also swim, but hte brother Samuel could not. Samuel kept paddling about in shallow water, close to tbe bank of the river, whilst Mr. Hillard went across the s'urean1, and Erneft contented himself by keeping some 10 or 12 yards from the bank. Mr. Hillard was re turning, when Ernest Scholes all of a sudden called out to his brother, ' Sam, I can't get out; I can't turn round,' and then disappeared under the water. Samuel Scholps immediately called out to Mr. Hillard to swim in quick, as his brother was drowning, but, strange to say, Mr. Hillard also got under water, rose twice to the surface, and was drowned. Ernest Scholes struggled for a few seconds, roie three times to the surface, and was buried in the dark watei-s of the Barwon. Samuel Scholes tried to grasp his drowning brother's band, but raised getting held of it, and narrowly escaped sinking into deep water himEelf. Mr. Hillard's body was recovered, but the other was not Mr. Hillard was engaged to one of the young ladies who accompanied him to the river, atjd was to have been married as soon as he was ordained, which would probably have been in January next. The river, at the place where the bathers entered, is thickly covered with the worst kind of water reeds, and it is presumed that both Mr. Hillard aud the boy must have bacome bo entangled as to be unable to release themselves. When the body of the first-named was recovered reeds were found tightly clinging round the legs. The evidence at the inquest west to show that the deceased were evidently drowned through their feet becoming entanglea in the weeds, aa when taken out the bodies showed signs of having been completely wrapped in them. The Jury returned a verdict to th« effect that tha deuMted wero drowned through being dragged down by the weeds, , CfilCKf T ON THE PKNIN8PLA —Tbe visit of tbe All-England Eleven to idelii ie. unlike tha visit to tbe Peninsula (writes the J'. P. Advotiur), results in a financial advantage to tb.9 &m;:h Australian °. ricketiDir Association to the extent cf about £330, and additionally an impetus has been given to cricket, as is evidenced by th* accession of some 3C0 additional members. Here, on the contrary, the ^lighting iaflaance of a financial loss has had the effect of almost txtirguishing the healthy and invigorating game; and apparently our yoiug men are trying to forget that such a word as cricket has a vlace even in the dictionary. Thk Wallaboo Smeltisg Wobks. — We (Yorhtt Peninsula Advertise) hear that at Wal larco there are ou!y nine fc maces in use »t the Smeltine Woifes, and tbe result u great dulness in trade. The Company, we ore informed, uiually work their stocks down to as low a pont as is possible near Christmas, in order that the stocktaking may be made light. There is at present a large quantity of ore sent away to Newcastle. A MatbimonialDi8appoiktment.— ' A young gentleman a 8ho.it while back on matrimony bent courted a fair damsel who officiates behind the bar of an hotel sot a hundred miles from the Burnt Bailway Station,' says the local paper. 'Hepropcsed and wis acoepted, the day fixed for the haopy eve-pt being Tuesday, Novemb9r 14. A costly we idifg feast wad provided, the guests invited, and everything prepared for the cere mony of making the happy twiia one. But, alas! for human hopes and anticipations. At the appointed time tbe would (or would not) be Benedict did not put in an appearance, and has not been heard of dace. We cannot, of course, assign any reason for this «travge behaviour, but can only surmua that nerhap3 he prefers enjoying the honeymoon atone.' The last mentioned feat would, we imagine, be somewhat difficult of performance. [From yesterday's Evening Journal.'] Pabliamentauy Visit of Inspection.— We believe that the Government, with a number of members of Parliament and other gentlemen, will leave Glenelg by steamer on D( :amber 6 next, and proceed to the opening of the Port Fine and Gladstone Railway. A visit will after wards be made to Port Augusta for the inspec tion of the site of the propo:9d railway termumi. It is probable that the trip will extend over six daje. Death of an Old Colonist.— Our obituary column recently recorded the death, at the age of 73 years, of Mrs. Wm. Adams, at Hog Bay, Kangaroo Island. Mrs. Adams, formerly Mrs. R. Bristow, will be remembered by many old colonists. She arrived in the Cygnet in 1836, and during her residence in the colony, and before removing to Hog Bay, lived at Tbebarton and Brighton. She leaves two children, 22 grandchildren, and 12 great-grandchildren. Accidents.— We are informed that within the past few days two or three accidents have occurred in connection with the North Adelaide omnibuses. On Wednesday an elderly woman was knocked down near HoweH's Coiner, in King William-street, and was conveyed to the Hospital; but fortunately phe wa«j not seriously injured. Now the boy conductors have been done away with, it is necessary that the drivers should be particularly ca/ef ul to see that pas sengers are safely in or out of the vehicles before they start. The Nobth- West Bend Line.— There Eoems to be a screw loose in the arrangements some where, writes the Kapunda Btrald. A large number of men (chiefly new arrivals) have been rent up and furrisned with employment on this line, and naturally enough they regarded the work as being of a petmanent character. They therefo; e were surprised, a3 also were we, to find that already 29 men have uaen discharged on the ground that the Government has not got pos session of ary land beyond that on which earth work is already either finished, or on the com pletion of which the full complement of hands is already engaged. We are no advocates for retaining men when their services are not aeededfbut on the other hand we maintain that as the Government has the power to take the land they should have taken care to secure possession of sufficient to keep the men already engaged employed, There should be the less difficulty in tbis inpsmuch as at this end of the line the rouLa pacses through a good deal of unoccupied land, in regard to which no consideration of growing crop has to b9 taken into account. Aid evei supposing there were obstacles of which we know nothing in the way of securing this lend, it cannot be deried that much of the route beyond Eudnnda lies through Crown lands, in respect to oommencinK op 3 tat ions on which there could ba no great difficulty. To take on the men for a short period, d'schartlng them at short notice, is unfair to all concerned. In the firtt place it puts the Assistant Engineer in a false poutioc, as the men erroneously, but not unnaturally, may suppose the fault to be bis; it ;s unfair to the men themselves that they should be sent up here for, as they expected, a long spell of work, and than to find themselves di?cbprged in such numbers as to Hood the labour market in tbis locality; and it is unfair to the d'strict, because whilst it is advantageous to have amongst us a large number of men earning regukf, even though small wages, it is absolutely hurtful to have cast !oo3e in oar midst a con&itierable; number of men who are alike unable to secure work aud destitute of the means of living apart from work. If the Government had not the employment to give it would be another thing, but when there is so much to be done it savours very much of circumlocution that official ntglect should separate the men from the work that needs to be done, and which they are des'rous of doing. We trust that ere our next issue the Government will have taken such steps as will enable the Assistant Engineer to give employment to all who are desirous of obtaining it. The tobl number of men and boys new employed on the line is 97, and betwoen 43 and 50 horse?. We believe Mr. Bottins, the Government Valuator, was up the line on Thurs day with a view of obtaining possession of more land, and, as we have said before, we hope no fuither hifch will t9ke place, but that work will be found at leest for all the new arrivals who may apply. At present the bulk of the men are at work near the dams in the township. 8UPBEME COURT.— The Criminal Sittings were concluded on Friday, November 24, when the l?st case on the calendar, that of William Dun stall and Heicrich Hebberman, charged with Btealing a quantity of chaff snd bran, was dis posed of, The accused were acquitted. The presiding Judge, Mi*. Ju&tit; e Stow, then thanked the Jury for their attention to their duties, and discharged them. The Court then adjourned till Tuc3day next, at 11 o'clock, when the pri soners convicted during the cessions will be sentence d. Lazab's Opeba Company. — The Syiney Evening A\ics zends us the foUoning telegram, dated Sydney, ^vember 2i :— ' Lazar'B Royal Italian Of sra Company aebfeved a great triumph with Ffti'st last night. There was a crowded audience ; before the ci^r+ain rose there w?s only siandiDg room in the circle aad stalls. The principal singers were in splendid voice, and sacg magnificently. The audience were enthu siastic, md pronounced it the greatest operatic triumph ever achieved in Australia.' West Norwood Eikction.— Mr. Alfred Ban ron writes to say that Mr. Councillor Lugg's remarks on Mr. Bailey's conduct were solely confined to the year 1875. ENTEBTAiSiiEST at GlEJELO.— Tha young gentlemen of the Glenel? Grammar School Cricket Club, assisted by several friends, gave a mufeic&i; and elocuHonary entertainment at the Lecture Hall (which was crowded in every part) on Thursday eveDing, November 23. Instru mental pie 368 were performed, the execution of which did great credit to If r. Lyons, the musical preceptor, and there were some excellent songs, besides severrl very euci sssfully given by Mr3. Lyons, Miss Kugelmann, and Min TerrelL The choruses also by ' the members of the Club and the 8inging Class' were really good. We must particularize, to:, the recitation of the well known querrel scene between Brutus and Cassius, in wbich the words of Shikspeare were conectly and creditably deli', 'by Masters John Wianall and Charlie Ri ? ? V-, siting hearty applause. The enter tai.. - .5 wa .:lad by the introduction of a pstiw comedy, called ?? No. 1 round the Comer,' ir. . hich liessra. E. Crozier and F. Laxmoore (ola pupils), sustained their parts with spirit and ability. At the con clusion Mr. Caterer, the principal of the school, moved the usual votes of taanks, whic'i wera duly .responded to, and a few words wero added by Mr, Lee, one of the assistant matters, I CRETE. As the Island of Crete is likely to play no inconspicuous part in the history which the Great Powers are now creating in the East, at least if the prognostica tions of many well-informed persons are fulfilled a3 to its probable annexation by England, some account of the island and its people will doubtless be acceptable to our readers. Crete, or Candia, a3itis sometimes called, being situated at the entrance of the Grecian Archipelago, is important not only as a strategical posi tion commanding the entrance to tho Bosphorus, but as one exercising a domi nant influence upon the Levant. Its pre-eminence in this respect is a matter of history, as the hotlycon tested battles which have been fought for its possession amply prove. It is unnecessary here to enter into the early history of the island further than to state that after various vicissitudes it passed into the hands of the Turks in 1669, by whom it has practically been held ever since. Most of tho population, however, even now are Greeks in descent, in language, and religion ; and they have shown by repeated insurrections their hatred of the Moslem rule. The last insurrection, although unsuccessful, in duced the Turks to introduce some reforms into the management of the affairs of the island, wliich have tended to make the people less discontented. They still, however, have, we .-fear, much legitimate ground for complaint. It is true that a sort of representative Govern ment has been granted to them, but it is the shadow of the thing rather than the tiling itself. For electoral pur poses the ifland is divided into twenty two districts. Each of these returns four members. In districts where but one religion prevails, all the deputies are of that faith ; in thc:e which are divided in religious belief, two Christian and two Mohammedan members are selected. Tho deputies are not, however, elected by the people at large, but by six councillors, who are nominated by the inhabitants o£ the district. Any man of full age, not a criminal or imbecile, and able to read and write, may be elected a deputy ; but neither military nor civil officials actually in the employment of the Government aro eligible. Nominally the Assembly fes srsses perfect control over the taxation of the romrii y; but as any suggestions must receive the sanction of the Sultan, to whom they ore tiimsmitted by the Governor, tho deputies have very little real power. Moreover they are only allowed to sit for forty days, and have no authority to n^ke laws, although they may mako protests and draw up petitions to bo for warded to Constantinople. There is a provision that in case of urgency an ex t'.aordinpry meeting of the Assembly may be convene d by the Governor. The matter rests entirely witli him, and however urgently the deputies may desire it he can prevent them from meeting after tho session has expired until the next year if heA\'?!ies. It u ill be at once seen that cuch a system of representative govern ment is a mere farce, and one which wo should imagine can as little delude the Cretans as it deceives the rest of tho world. The island is controlled by tho Governor-General, who resides at Canea, the political capital Under him aro lour provincial Governors, who direct tho several districts into which the island is divided. These latter are completely under the control of their chief, and cau only appeal to the Sultan through him. Of these district Governors, two aia Christians and two are Moslems. Tho electoral districts are ako under tho control of thirteen oilicials named Kal makames, of whom six are Christian*. All the officers we have named are assisted by an administrative Council, the members of which are of the religion most pre vailing in the district. There is also a chief administrative Counc'l presided over V.y the Govevnor-Gencial, a certain number of the members of which ore Christians. As regards taxation tho Cretans may be said to be well otf in comparison with other Turkish pro vinces. About two years ago tho system of farming the taxes universally existing, in the Sultan's . dominions, which then prevailed in the island, was abolished, and tax-collectors salaried by tha Government were appointed. This has done away with much injustice and oppression, which were only formerly too prevalent. The taxes are, with 0110 exception, light. The duty on imports is 8 per cent, on the net value, ?nd tb-xt on exports is 1 per cent., quite irrespective of the character of the goods. These and the taxes on salt, spirits, and tobacco ara by no meaxs oppressive ; but the impost known as tithe is a terrible burden upon the agriculturists, and most injurious to the prc3perity of the colony. This import consists of a tenth part levkd on all kind* of grain, fruit, and other agricultural produce. In the true spirit of Oriental conservatism this tax is demanded by the Government in k?nd. Thus while tho agriculturists are impoverished, the Go vernment also are generally losers, as much of the produce does not pay the expense of collection. The island is ex tremely mountainous, but many parts are exceedingly feifcile, and tolerably well cultivated. The cbief products are olive3 and oranges. The only export trade of any importance is in olive oiL Wine, silk, and cheese are also produced in the island, but colely for home consumption. Under better auspices there is but little doubt that Crete could be made the centra of a large trade. Corn was at one- time grown in abundance, but there* is now scarcely enough produced for the use of the inhabitants., .This is in a great measure' due to; the :tithe which I deprives ther fanner of by far the largest part -oK lh©4 profit -of uhis!: wheat .crop?./ 