Bessie Lathrop. A STOKY OF MURDERERS' SWAMP, . " You' Certainly will not think of going home to-night ?" and Bessie Lathrop clung to tho arm of her lover as if bIic would havo dotained him by force, " I should not of my -own accord," ho answered, "as he circled the little plump figure with his arm, ; 11 but I must go. It would bo difficult for me to explain to you, who understand so 1 ittle of business, why it is absolutely necessary, and how very ranch depends upon my hcing at home early in tho morning. As it is, the time I have spent with you is stolen from tho night, and my ride will be a late one," " But think of the swamp, Charley," sho remonstrated, with a shudder. " I know it bears a bad name, Besides : but I have no fear — am too well known— and who is. thero- that would do me harm ? Besides, I always keep my business to my. self." " Notso tffttcb hut that it is known. Iv'e often heard father ar.d the neighbors talk about you going up to the Bank at Albatiyfor money. But if you aio determined to go, for my sake, Charley, ride round by the other road. I know it is many miles "the longest, but just think how much safest it is." Poor little trembler," lio replied, smooth ing back her he wy. curls of glossy black hair — gazing fondly into lior eyes, and bringing n yet deeper crimson to her Boft cheeks by the kisB lia left upon her not unwilling lips. " Yon magnify tho danger, Bessie, Who is there that would harm me ?" " I don't know, Charley ; but think how many have been murdered and -the (ears gathered in her eyes at the thought oh any harm coming to him. j ' They are mostly stories got up to frighten children. T very much doubt if there have been half a dozen killed in ten times' that number of years, and every one has: been magnified into' a -thousand. What do you think of it, Mr. Lathrop ?" ho asked, of tho father of tho girl, as lie came .oat into .the porch,- nnd was passing tliem on his way' to his great barns that stood on the opposite side of tho road, half-concealed by tall poplar and willows.- " Think about whnt?" he. asked, taking his pipe slowly from his mouth. ' " About riding through the swrimp at night?" answered his daughter. Isn't their great danger father ?" ' Not much — jnst as snfo as in the day time. The fools of women are always talking nhont what they don't know. But you had better wait, and get supper, Manning. Tho moon will be up by hat time. Go in I'll give your horse a mouthful of oats, and he'll get on more lively." " But, father," again internptod Bessie, " dont yon think that Charley — Mr. Manning — had better ride homo by tho road ?" " Go a dozen miles further just to Bntisfy a I foolish girl's fear! Go in and help your ! mother, while I see to his horse." For many years — even as late as the early part of the preseat century — there was a strip of country lying upon the eastern bank of the Hudson river, between Schodack and Albany tli nt was known by the far from attractive j title of Murderer's Swamp. The neighborhood . was filled with stories of tho mnuy who had been shot down while riding along its dusky roads — robbed and left to be buried by any who chanced to find them. Strange tales I were told of the horrible sights seen among tbe thick timber — of ghosts raging furionaly around in the midnight — of i terrible groans, nnd rcreams, and cries — in short, to use the low Ducli term then common among all clnsscs— " spooks" of every kind and charneter, nnd sizo and . shape, held high carnival even when it was daytime, for very little of light ever penetrated into the gloomy recesses of " Murderers' Swamp." ' The character of tho inhabitants upon its borders was mongrel — half- farmer , half- fisherman and sailor, and for the, most part nn uncouth set, who pretended to work- .during tho summer months, and passed the winter in riotous . living. A few were the posessors .of good farms and considerable property— were accounted rich— owned sloops and nets, nnd boats j and these were always given tho credit of y eilding vast incomes that wculd have but little stoodjtko test of investigation. Certain itfwas that no one had over been convicted of tho murders nnd robberies that had made the swamp famous. All tho , lower officers of tho law wero elected from their own number they apparently minded their own business rarely visited Albany ex cept to paythe annual rent of their land to tho patron, and could always prove nn nlybi bv overwhelming numbers. An arrest was an nlmost unheard-of thing; nnd as some of, tho near, residents wero nearly certnin to find any- victims of mnn'a nvnrinn nnH nnf llmm quietly out of sight, and cover up all tracks vcryjfew oven of the murders became known. But such'things had grown to bo of rare occurrence, aud though there had been oc casional visits of parties in search of missing men who had been known to have travelled in that direction, possessed of money, and though a now liorse might now nnd then' have Ijeen seen, yet no cine was ever found. And a'score of men were always ready to swear that no one answering the description . had ever been there — in fact almost proving, tlint lie must have gone upon the opposite sitln of the river. Yet still the locality preserved its bad name, and Brill some of the neighbors waxed richer than lawful labor would satisfactorily account for - and those who followed the fisherman's craft, or worked upon the slow, going sloops, had more money to squander in drink and cards daring the unemployed winter months than ordinarily falls to the share of sneh men, even at the greatly, advanced prices of the present day. (To be Conliivtcd .) 