" was?'? ? ? - - ? -I-?- - GEORGE'S BAY AND GOULD'S COUNTRY. [By Scroggins.] Patriotism and partiality should induce me, at all times, to present my adopted town of St Helen's and belongings in its most favourable light ; but my duty as a faithful chronicler of events compels me to record the fact that the publicans and other residents of the above busy, active, and salubrious place have, to all outward appearances, gone Christmas mad, or taken a few weeks' leave of their senses, if I may judge them by their movements and their peculiar determina- tion to outrival and eclipse any former attempts in ! traducing anything and everything that can be con lectured or thought of for the especial gratification inward and outward of the miners and others of this and surrounding districts, who are expected in great numbers to' partake of such preparations during the Christmas holidays. Mr. Egginton, our worthy host, has found it advisable to add four large rooms to his hotel, and also to erect a large and detached building for dancing and other purposes ; whilst hostess Mrs. McLaren has just had the finishing stroke of the painter's brush on all the recent additions to her hostelry, and is prepared to do battle and provide for 100 guests, without the slightest crush being necessi- tated"; so that I may conclude our publicans are sufficiently armed and prepared to meet the invading army of holiday seekers in a manner that will give entire satisfaction to the humblest, as alike wealthiest, in their ranks. I may here mention great inquiries by our juveniles are being made relative to Are we going to have a merry-go-round at Christmas ? " "Tis doubtful, without the owner of one may take my bare word in saying there is a good, harvest to he realised from such, and would venture further to say, were such owner to apply, with my kind regards, to Capt. Hall, of the _ Robert Burns, or Capt. Williams, of the Seymour, they might get such paraphernalia brought over from Hobart Town here for a mere pittance, knowing the interest the above gentlemen have in gratifying at all times any reasonable requests made on them by the inhabitants of George's Bay and surroundings. ACCIDENT. An accident resulting in the destruction of a valuable horse, the property of Messrs. Ibbott and Lamb, S Ackers and draymen, occurred in proximity to Mr. Hodgman's shop, Gould's Country, on Tuesday last 14th that., it appears a tree had just been chopped \- through by two men of the Government road party of immense proportions. Although the warning cry of "Look out " had been repeated some few seconds previously the said tree in its descent having come into collision with another one, causing it to fall immediately in opposite direction to the one the men had been engaged upon viz., directly across the track which at that particular moment the whole of Ibbett's and Lamb's pack horses were passing, one of the number receiving the whole force and' weight of the falling tree upon it, mutilating it in a frightful manner. Another was knocked down, but not injured. There is no blame attached to the road party in the matter. THE MINES. The mining manager of the Marie Louise Company is now more than satisfied, he has cut a payable lode. This will be of great importance, not only to shareholders in the above company, but to the future wealth and prosperity of our district. I would rather hear of such a discovery than of a score of payable stream workings, the former being alike remunerative to owners and labour for a very lengthy period, while the latter soon became things of the past. We may expect very shortly hearing of a similar find in connection with the Lottah Company, as I noticed on my recent visit to that claim, that the face now working at the head of the Boundary Creek, carries an exceptionally strong and I might term unseemly wash the stone being of immense proportion, and void of those attributes such wash or stone would have, find they travelled, or been subjected to the action of water. In appearance they resemble stone that had been blown down by a rather too humid charge of powder out of a strong reef channel. Although sufficiently effective in displacing or tearing well, still has not broke such up in blocks small enough for handling without applying a pop or the sledgehammer Not only so, the ore procured from said face is not only very coarse, but there are also a great number of lode specimens got daily inter- mixed with the wash. I shall be happy to hear of such being cut by Mr. Lee, the mining manager of the Lottah. By latest advices, the Waverley, Full Moon, Albert, Niagara, Union, All Nations, and the Lottah have grassed a more than ordinary quantity of ore during the past week. The Marie Louise Company have been compelled to knock one face off, owing to misunderstanding with the Blue Tiers Company relative to tail race cut by former through the latter company's ground. The face now in work is yielding from 5 to 7 buckets per day. Seven men are now employed on this claim. Full Moon Co-operative Company have already worked out 13 chains running of creek, carrying a width of from one to one and a half chains, from which near 150 tons ore have been raised. The Launceston and George's Bay Company is looking very well ; prospects good ahead of faces. Reports to hand from Ruby Extended Tin Mining Company are favourable, with good future expectations. Disputes are very rife in various parts of the district, which nothing but a commissioner can settle satisfactorily, providing the decisions of such officer may be legally subjected to appeal to Supreme Court if necessary. There is not the slightest doubt but that a great number of miners have been put to considerable expense and loss of time through the absence from amongst us of such official. PACKING. \- The tracks between Gould's Country and the Plains are even in a worse condition than over proof of such being evidenced in the number of horses employed rendered completely useless; while others have given up the ghost in various parts of the above locale. The Messrs. Brown, Waggonknecht, Matthews and others of our packers have suffered considerably in these matters. However, with all these " can't-holp-it-mis fortunes," tin is coming down from the mines in larger quantities than usual for shipment to the Bay. The Waverley and other companies are holding back their pre until competition for the cheapest carriage of such has been tested by the various packers. . ROADS. A great amount of dray traffic between Gould's Country and St. Helen's, and diverse ways, has been observable of late not only have we more camera than formerly, but the roads are far better, so that it is but reasonable to expect greater traffic on them. GOVERNMENT ROAD PARTY. Still working on, and stabbing over that part of the line known as the Old Glue Pot, where some few months back Mr. Johnson's horse became lost to view. When then this part of the road is completed, there will be very little difficulty in making the remaining portion of the road trafficable, at all seasons of the year. a TRADE. ' \- ' Our imports have been in excess of average during the past month. This is owing in a great measure to increase of population, and extra supplies requisite for \- this especial season. A considerable amount of oil- men's stores, etc., are being forwarded to the outlying mines from St. Helen's. Dairy produce, a shade easier in prices, while general goods and horse feed remain at my last quotations. MEETINGS. A Temperance meeting was held in the chapel, Gould's Country, on Thursday evening last, Kith inst., commencing at 8 o'clock, at which time the place was literally crowded to excess. On the platform were Mr. Blackett, of Victoria, Bush Missionary, at whose instigation the meeting was called Messrs. li. Anted, Wise, of St. Helena, and other members of the Band of Hope; , The proceedings were opened with singing a, hymn' suitable for such occasion, and supplication for Divine guidance, of the class of which Mr. APTED proposed that Mr. BLACKETT take the chair, which was unanimously supported by show of hands. The CHAIRMAN on rising said, he was much disappointed at the absence of a gentleman who, had promised to attend and take part in the meeting ; how. , ever, owing to the inclemency of the weather, he J would accept that as his reasons for non-attendance, -' and while regretting such, a happy suggestion had occurred to his mind, and that was to invite each and all present to express their views on the principles of temperance generally. He (Mr. Blackett) had often heard it said that teetotalers were a morose and too sober-minded to enjoy anything jocular, which would cause them to laugh. To this be (the speaker) would say, that after the enjoyment of a life of temperance for 12 years and upwards he could still indulge in a hearty fit of laughter when occasion afforded for to doing. In fact, he was satisfied, from past experience, that the abstainer from all intoxicating liquors was the happiest creature under the sun. The speaker then Ewes was 'a very efficient and telling manner to the, consequences attendant upon ' intemperance, illustrating, in support of his argument, several matters in connection with such that had come under his (Mr. Blackett's) notice in the adjacent colony of Victoria. During this stage of the proceedings a man from the body of the chapel came on to the platform and signed . the pledge, named Jane?. Smith, who, on its comple- tion, turned round to the audience and expressed himself thankful, through what had fallen from the lips of Mr. Blackett, to sign the pledge, and trusted he would be enabled, through God's help, to lead and live a life of temperance in the future. Mr. it, APTED thensanga temperance melody, which was very much enjoyed ; after which, by request of the chairman, he came forward to give his views upon these matters which had called BQ large a concourse of people together that evening. He said he could not express the pleasure he felt in witnessing the patronage that evening given to the noble cause of temperance. iTJie blessings derived, etc, etc, by each and everyone 1 "wide its banners were dwelt upon at considerable length by the speaker, who introduced harrowing and trying Boones he had passed through in bygone days, previous to his accepting and enjoying those privileges of which he could boast proudly to-night, by simply signing the pledge and becoming a total abstainer from all body and soul destroying liquors commonly known by the cognomen of fermented and spirituous liquors. Mr. Apted then spoke of his returning from a clean country trip he had last week, when occasion, viz.,, refreshments, necessitated his calling at a hotel, where, >' in company with two other gentlemen, they sat down at table together, the latter personages calling for their favourite beverage, while he, Mr. Apted, called for a i cup of tea. While so engaged drink became the topic of conversation, the publican taking part also, and it is to what the said publican expressed during that conversation, he desired to draw each and wills expound a attention, OF a further proof of the evils of distemper 'once. Mr. Apted then briefly related the publican's story, who stated that previous to keeping a pul>lio,lionso some years back, he was employed as superintendent of a station. At that period of the publican's history, he was a strictly temperate man, having an abhors ewes and thorough hatred to grog, but there were others in his 'employ who hold quite contrary ideas in such matters, ' viz.; five labouring station hands, who contrived against on the will and knowledge of their employer, thespian .. tendent, to be constantly in possession of bottles of this pernicious grog. Thosuporin tendent tried every means to ' find out the parties supplying such, but with indifferent results. However, one day he noticed a hawker these gentry were very plentiful in those days with its coat buttoned up, having a bottle hid in Clio vicinity of the breast, purposely to o\ ado the eye of the super Intendent, which was passing by at that time; the latter making something bulky, and being suspicious, no ' (doubt, miomTonod the hawker as to what he had concealed in his bosom. After a little prevarication ?- Between them, the secret of grogHiipply was divulged, when a barrier was placed by the super Intendent against j.isuohnractio««. The speaker thou, on the publican's ¿ authority, depicted the career and untimely end of "S\i£Jl,\\. I , in four out of the five station hands through intemperance. In conclusion, the publican himself began at a glass per day, and was satisfied ; however, two were tried, and so on, until the drawing and destructive propensi- ties of alcohol had claimed him as its victim, and now he sends that, which he knows by experience, is injurious and deadly in its effects on the human system. He (Mr. A.) began as a temperate man, also like thousands more, but the reign of temperance is of short duration with many, it was so with the speaker, for as he had shown them in the early part of his speech, he became a drunkard, the very name and sound of which has since been distasteful to his ears, in fact, and he applied it to the youngest as alike to the oldest there that night there are none free from the evil consequences of intoxicating liquors, except those who never touch them. Mr. A. recited a few very amusing anecdotes, which brought down from time to time roars of laughter. A temperance song was then given by the members of the craft. At the close of the singing, six more signed the pledge. The CHAIRMAN said that he felt more than gratified that evening in presiding over such a successful meeting. He (the Chairman) remembered a man saying to him some time ago, that he could not see the utility of signing the pledge, for he could not keep it if he did, another thing he said I can either take a glass or leave it, so that I cannot see any advantage accruing if I did sign. Well said the speaker, I signed the pledge near thirteen years ago, and some fortnight after that eventful deed, I was working in a wet shaft or mine and lying between the said mine and my house, was the Race Course Hotel, where I invariably called to and from my work and indulged myself to a nobbler or two previous to my joining the temperance band. And oh, what a trial it was for a length of time afterwards to pass and repass that once favourite calling place without getting my nobbler. However, one day I was very cold and wet leaving the mine, and temptation was strong within me. Satan was prompting, saying, "Take a drop it will do you good. The advice was accepted. I entered the bar, called for my drink, and throw down my sixpence ; I took the glass in my hand to raise it to my mouth, when the thought of signing the pledge flitted through my mind, the ridicule I should be held in by my friends by breaking that pledge, and, above all, the probable misery it might entail upon my wife and children, and with these reflections, I thank God I dashed the contents of the glass on the ground. So that, the speaker contended, it was a blessing in his case and the same blessings may and can be enjoyed by every one who will come boldly and determinedly into the temperance ranks and do battle against the destroying powers of intemperance. At its conclusion, Mr. R. Apted, jun., came forward and sang a melody, which was well received. Mr. JOHN HALL, overseer of works, Gould's Country, in responding to the wishes of the chairman, said he felt that after signing the pledge that evening, not that such was actually necessary as far as he (Mr. Hall) was individually concerned, he had merely done that which was essentially requisite as an example to those of our neighbours, who, for reasons foreign to his (Mr. Hall's) ideas, would not come forward and do likewise. To be brief in his remarks, he (Mr. Hall) congratulated the chairman and other members of the Band of Hope in this district for their zeal displayed in the temperance cause, and while such were at the helm, he (Mr. Hall) was sure that the temperance craft would yet ride majestically o'er the waters which have been hitherto in the possession of vessels chartered and manned under Satan's sway and influence. In conclusion he said, " Come one and all and swell the ranks of the sons and daughters of temperance." At the close of Mr. Hall's remarks, five more signed the pledge. I may here mention that from indisposition, owing to the changeable state of the weather, the chief portion of the young ladies connected with the choir of the place of worship were unable to, take part in the vocal arrangements, to wit, the Misses Fitzgerald, Yass, and Whittaker. However, Miss Emily Apted was in good voice; and sang a very appropriate melody. This young lady is endowed with fine musical attain- ments, and at the conclusion a hearty encore was awarded her. Miss E. Apted, in conjunction with Mr. C. Reeves, of the Huon, then sang a part song, rendering the same effectively and in good taste, the result of such being loud and prolonged cheering. Mr. R. Apted, jun., then sang a temperance song, which was well received. Messrs. Wise, - Allen, Lucas, and Lumsden also addressed the meeting, when, after singing the Doxology, one of the most enjoyable, largest, and most profitable meetings under the auspices of the temperance craft ever hold on the East Coast tin mines was brought to a close. _ Mr Blackett announced his intention of giving an address on "Spiritual Workers" on Sunday morning in that building, and in the evening at half-past six o'clock, "The Life Look." Twenty-five men signed the temperance pledge at the above meeting. SHIPPING. The Robert Burns, schooner, R. A. Hall, master, entered over bar on Tuesday night (Nov. 14th), and hauled up alongside wharf the following morning (Wednesday), r She has already discharged her inward cargo, and will be dispatched with a large consignment of ore, etc., daily for Hobart Town. 