NEW HEBRIDES MISSION. On Sunday last the Rev. Jno. G. Paton, missionary to Aniwa, New Hebrides, held services at Launceston in behalf of the New Hebrides Mission. In the morning he preached at St. Andrew's Church, the Rev. Mr Budge taking the first part of the service. Mr Paton's text was Matt. xxviii. chap., 18th to 20th verses, "And Jesus came and spoke unto them, saying, 'All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth; go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.' Amen." The rev. gentleman preached at Chal- mers Church in the evening, the first part of the service being conducted by the Rev. J. Lindsay, pastor of the Church. The text was taken from Acts xiv. chap., 26th, 27th, and 28th verses, "And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God, for the work which they fulfilled. And when they were come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them, and how he had opened the door of faith unto the Gentiles. And there they abode long time with the disciples." In the after- noon a juvenile missionary meeting was held at St. Andrew's Church, at which the following Sunday Schools were repre- sented by scholars and teachers:—St. Andrew's and Chalmers (Presbyterian), the Wesleyan, and Tamar-street, and Prince's Square (Congregational). The body of the Church, including aisles, was fully occupied. The Rev. Mr Budge read out the hymns, amongst which was that popular one of Mr. Sankey's, "Hold the Fort," and the Rev. J. Lindsay offered prayer. The Rev. Mr. Paton greatly interested the youthful audience by the information he afforded on the subject of the Dayspring schooner, and the different mission stations, and his address abounded with telling anecdotes illustrative of mission work. He urged that the scholars be- longing to each school should take col- lecting cards, and assist the mission by obtaining donations. There was, he said, a want of more missionaries, as a great and effectual door was opened for preach- ing the Gospel in several of the islands. Last evening a meeting was held at Chal- mers Church when the Rev. Mr. Paton supplemented the information previously given, and interested the congregation by fresh anecdotes and incidents, showing the power of the Gospel in abolishing cannibalism, advancing civilisation, and making converts. He particularly ad- verted to the useful employment of native teachers, the dangers to which the missionaries and agents were exposed, is the providential deliverances they had experienced, and the numerous trophies of success in the nature of conversions and additions to church members, which had encouraged them in their work. Also, the injury done by the slave trade, which was not repressed, as many supposed. The total amount collected on Sunday and last evening was—St. Andrew's, morning £12 8s, afternoon £9 6s, total £21 14s; Chalmer's, Sunday evening £10, last evening £5, total £15, grand total, £36 14s. Mr. Paton proceeds to Hobart Town by train to-day, and he is announced to be present at a united meeting in connection with the mission to be held this evening at St. John's Presbyterian Church; Macquarie-street, the Rev. Dr. Nicolson to preside. On Sunday next Mr. Paton will conduct special missionary services at Chalmers and St. Andrew's Churches, and there will be a united children's service at the Town Hall on Sunday afternoon. 