A New Yt ar-s Greeting, Tira old year dies its iinregretted death-. .Stricken it lies and pants and gasps for breath ; Soon (rising from its ashes) will appear The longed for, hoped for, unknown, glad Now Year. The dying year its share of grief hath brought, Much sorrow and experience hath it taught ; But Life's best lessons will be learnt, we know, Less easily in happiness than woe. To many, lot us trust, thc year that's past Has brought peace, comfort, joy and hope, and cast O'er Life's rough path at least one cheering ray That will not ever -wholly pass away. But e'en this festive season hath its ills, And not the least among them aro the bills That come, engrossed with fair commercial \>c\\\, To militate against the peace qf-men. "Who hath not fejt that literary goad Thc Christmas Bill ? (detailing what he owed) Or. found the priée of pleasures passed away A'ghost to haunt him on his Christmas Day 3 Yo Sires, impresa- this counsel on your sons Contract no debts, and you'll be freo from " duns ;" Thrice happy man is he who, clear of dobt, Can welcome Christmas-time without regret ! Sydney, December 31,1S75. When is a junu like" a«fcca-kottle just ou tlic boil? When be is going to sing. Young folks grow most when in love. It increases their sighs wonderfully. A self-possessed young man called at a house in Atlanta, Georgia, a few mornings ago and asked to BCU his own wife. "She is not herc," replied tho mistress of the house "there is noni) hero but the members of my own family." ""Well," replied he, "it's one of them I want to see. I married your eldest daughter last night." A farmer who was sympathising with a neighbour on the death of his son, said, " You should recollect, neighbour .Tones, thero is no loss without some gain ; .Tohn, you remember, was always a monstrous eater." "I know ho was," responded thc bereaved parent; but to think ho was laid up with rheumatism all the winter, and died just in haying time, is pretty rough." Charles Lamb was never like 'anybody else, and cer tainly nobody else was ever like Charles Lamb. It was ho, of course (who else could it have been?), whore plied to tho complaint of his superior in the India If ouse, that he carno to his desk later in the morning than any other of tho writers, by saying, "Yes, but,' you see, I make it up by going away earlier in the, evening," His good t binga were always'sd essentially_ bis own that'there is Ho possibility of mistaking thçur. origin. No other man could have thought his'thoughts or. any thing like theni. Nobody ,else would, ever have thought'ol' pitying ô.ur forefathers.who lived beforb'the time bf caudle-light because when wheù they cracked a joke after dark they had to feel about for a smile, and handle their neighbours' checks to bo sure that they understood it. ! 