MARRIED BY TELEGRAPH. (from pittsburg evening chronicle. There is said to be nothing now under the sun, but, if old Sol was alive to- day, he would be compelled to admit that two of the skilfal operators in the employ of the Western Union Telegraph Company havo conceived and carried into execu tion something deoidedlv now in ihft I method of forming a matrimonial alliance. We have onjoyed the sensation of mnr- riagos at sea, marriages on stonmhoalB, marriages by proxy, balloon woddiugs, and Exposition marriages, but it lias beon reserved until this afternoon for tie to onjoy tho sensation of a bona fide matrimonial alliance by lightning, through tho medium of tho wire of tho Western Union Telegraph Company. We do not propose now, evon if time would permit me to explain how Mr G. Seott Jeffreys, an operatorof tho Western Union, and located at Waynesbarg, Pa., became acquainted with and lenrned to love Mrs Lida Culler, also an operator, and stationed at Brownsville, nor to tell how currents of their thoughts coursed on the wings of the lightning as they two ' were seated in their res pective offices. It is enough to sav that they met and they loved; that their love grew stronger and stronger and that finally they agreed to take each other " lor better or for worse " as long as they both might live. This very essential part of the preliminaries having been satisfactorily arranged the next question to bo settled was, how shall the ceremony bo performed? Both being manipulators of the light- ning, they conceived the novel idea of having the ceremony performed by telegraph, and at onoe enlisted the kind offices of Colonel C. 0. Rowe, the Superintendent of this division. He entered heartily into the nrrnngement and through his instrumentality the necessary preparations were perfected. It was arranged that the high contract ing parties should take a position in the operating room at Brownsville, where there also would be present some three or four witnesses, including the oper ator. In the office at Waynesburg, Mr G. A. Story, operator, and family the mother and sister of tho groom with four or five other friende, were to be stationed, together with Mr Scott the officiating clergyman, also of Way nesburg. It was also arranged that the ceremony should be commenced at two o'clock, Pittsburg time, and in order th'at there should be no interruption Ool. Rowe issued tho following order to all tho officors in his division: — "All business must be suspended on this cir cuit five minutes before two o'clock p.m. to-day, and kept closed until after the marriage ceremony which lakes place at two o'clock." Accepting a kind invita tion extended by Colonel Rowe and Mr Gilson, manager of the Pittsburg office, a representative of tho Chronicle repaired to the Western Union Office to listen to the ceremony ns it was being ticked over the wire. It was evident that something unusnal was in progress, although it is not often that telegraph operators allow their facial expressions to give any index to the news whioh they are receiving. Bnt this wns somothing out of the ordin ary or extraordinary kind, and each operator seemed to bend towards the particular instrament through which the momentous questions and answers were to be transmitted. As the minutes pnssed tho interest increased, and then suddely, but at the very moment appointed, the tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, etc., announced that tho interesting ceremony had been commenced. Then the operators gath ered about, and while wondering how the bride was dressed, how the groom looked, what the witnesses at Brownsville were thinking, nnd how those relatives at Waynesburg were looking, they heard they heard the tick, tick, tick, of the instrament, which to the reporters was unintelligible, but which to them told the following story : — Brownsville to Waynesburg. Tell Rev. Mr Scott we are ready now. Waynesbnr- tc Brownsville. MR bOOTl's REPLY. To G. Scott Jeffreys and Lida Caller, Brownsville, Pa. : Marriage is nn ordinance of God, for the welfare and happiness of the human family, instituted at the creation and union of tho firBt pair, by which he or dained tho union of one man with one woman in bonds of pure and holy wed lock for life. The parties to be united, .i at this time please to join hands. , I Signed ' J. W. Scott. Minister of the Gospel. Brownsville to Waynesburg. It is done. Waynosburg to Brownsville. Do you, George Seott Jeffreys and Lida Caller, who hold each other by the hand, take each other as lawful companions for life ; and do you solemnly promiso, before God and the witnesses presont, that yon will live together, and be to each other faithfal, loving, and true, as husband and wife, till God shall separate you by death. Signed J. W. Scott, Minister of the Gospel. Brownsville to Waynesburg. ;"Wedo." Sighed Geo. Scott Jeffries. " We do." Signed Lida Culler. Waynesbnrg to Brownsville. . In the name and by the authority of God, I pronounce you husband and wife. Whom God hath joined together, let no man put asunder. And may God the Father, Son nnd Holy Ghost bless the union and yourselves individually and personally, now and forever. Amen. Signed, J. W. Scott, Minister of tho Gospel. Brownsville to Wavnesbnrg. " Thank you." . Jeffreys. j This concluded the ceremony proper, 1 and the Chronicle reporter turned about I involuntarily, evidently for the purpose I of congratulating the happy bride and j the newly- made Benodiot, and possibly with a hope of having an opportunity of ji imprinting a kiss on the cheek of the < bride. As ho turned his head, however | his gaze met the eyes not of tho fair j brido, bnt of the coatless operators, who jl were still bending over the instruments I listening to the congratulation whioh I sped over the wires to the newly-married I couple. I The Prinok of Wales. — The following I letter was sent to tho Argus : — This mail has I brought me a letter from a lady friend in I Bombay, from which the following is an ex- I tract : — " The Prince's visit has been a I wonderful success, Tho effect politically on I the native princes hns beon far greater than I was anticipated here. The oriental always I prefers a personal rule (even with the risk of despotism) to the reign of law — however just, I And the mass of the people delight lo have I ' the moonlike countcnanco of their ltuler beaming upon them,' as tliey express it in one of their native newspapers. We were at 8 grand banquet to meet His Royal Highness. I sat very near Sir , and very near tho Prince, so that I could hear and sec all that was going on. It was a dazzling and gorge- ous sight. Down tho centre of the tablo were 10 candelabra, each supported by three silver elephants and 10 vases of flowers, each sup- n ported by three silver camels. Tho Princoa manner is most attractive. I think one cliarffl H is his naturalness — he is so genuine— laughs H when lie is merry, and is not too dignified to express his nstnnislimcnt nt novelties. —y jfl — — (mentioning ono of the most distin H guished members of tho Prince's suite) tola ! me that lie had seldom known a more truth ! ful, genuine character, or a more kind heat' ! than the Prince's— that it seemed to fj wonderful how one who had always h. 9 made so easy should bo able so habitually to alio v consideration for others as ho docs s t® short, he said ids whole intercourse with tlje m Prince made him hopeful for Enslim" future," I 