THE STORY OF MONIQUE. I FH03I TUE AROOSY.J St. John the Baptist is the patron saint of Manneville. On the twenty-fourth of J une the little village wakens from its yearly quietness into clamorous life. High Mass opens the festi- vities. White booths that have sprung up in the night like so many mushrooms are scattered on the " place," and all Manneville gathers there. On the twenty-fourth of June some years ago, a youth and a little girl stood foremost in the crowd that hail gathered around a wonderful col lectión of beasts, birds, and fishes, called " Noah's Ark." The youth, a tall, dark lad of seventeen, haridsoihe and grave, looked on with stoic indif- ference, hilt tíie little girl was lost in admiration. She was about ten years old, fair as a lily, fresh as a rose, blue-eyed and fair-haired, a Norman blOssbiii with ail the promise of Norman beauty in her delicate, refined features and her slender little figiire. " Come along, Monique, your uncle will be angry," said Severe. " Let hie look at the hird, Severe," entreated Monique. " lt talks-oh, so well." " Only a magpie," was thé curt answer. "Oh, but such a magpie !" " Mbïûquèj you know that Maitro Louis David will be angry." " Groóil-byé," sáicí Monique to the magpie. The bird laughed shrilly, arid answered " Bonjour," in a little treble voice and hopped in it's cage with a mocking air. " When are yóü corri itig ?' asked Severe. " When I please^" answered Monique, pertly ; but when he lurried away at once thé child stole after hiih with a demure air¿ and fóll'ówe I him silently to the old abbey, whicli was turiled into a tarin house in '93; They both lived there under the care of Maître Louis David, the uiicie of Monique, and the fourth or fifth cousin of SB vere. Maiti-e Louis had in daughters, and Monique, his brother's orphan child, was petted by him and his two stalwart sons after a fashion. Her elder brother Jean he had turned oiit of the house for bad conduct six months before this, and when- ever he waa Out of temper, a frequent occurrence, he would say to his little niece, "Do you want to besent afteryour brother, my girl !" Severe, who was also an orphan, he had taken in more out of pride than pity, not choosing that orie who bore the name of David should he a servant iii a strange house. The lad proved a good servant) but there was in him a haughty stubbornness which irritated his wealthy cousin. He was piti- less whenever he could find him at fault, and every day of his life he reminded him that ho had long eaten thc bread of charity. Severe only grew up harder, prouder and more stubborn for the taunt. Ho cared for no one save little Monique. She tyrrauised over him, but she also admired him prodigiously. " You are so clever, Severe," she would say ; " and you are strong, too-as strong as my uncle. And, oh, Severe, I do love you." When the old farm, with its high slate roof, its broad, arched gateway, and its two turrets, appeared before them in the warm sunlight, Mo- nique suddenly stood still, and said, in coaxing accents, " Severe, go and get that bird for me. Here is the two-franc piece uncle gave me. Try and get the bird for one franc or thirty sous : but if you cannot, why give the two franc?, Severe." The lad laughed outright. "Two francs for a magpie!" But Monique, who had heeuaspoiled child in her father's iiouse, warmly said she would give ten francs if she had them. Severe, ?who held magpies very cheap, thought her crazy, A fierceargiiuierit followed. Ha was worsted, o! course, and taking Monique's silver coin he went back dione and to Noah's Ark. Noah was fe fresh big himself with bread and cheese and s glass of cider, when the canvas bf Iiis booth was raised, and Severe's bil j, straight figiire ap peared. '.II nv hiueh will you take for your magpie;' said he, bluntly. " Young mah>'' answered Noah, incensed al his cool tone, " my magpie is riot for sale." " Take a franc !" said Severe. " WeUj then; thirty sons. Will yon have two !" he i m pa tiently added. Arid he liéld up the coin to temp him. '' Two frains for a magpie that says * Bonjour^ daiK-.es, and tells forcunu-s?'' waa tub iridiguarii answer. " 1 will add a franc of iii y own," said Severe who could riot believe in his anger. " Th rei francs for the magpie iii its c'age>" he prhdèiiti; added. But Noah, who was bf ari irritabl temper, b'écáihé 6b wroth bli hearing this ilia Severe, cool arid stubborn though ile was; had t desist. He stared-, raised his eyebrows; sliriiggei his shoulders, arid walked mit. ije went sitmigli bick to tho farm. The. ll rät thing he saw wa MonhpVis fair head Ib.ilciilg brit of thc win lo* abjvts the arched g'á'owiy. '. Viiii liáve ii >t 'got it,'' ¿ii ¡d tba child- ii sud lei! wrâtlij "'Oh; you wi'ckë I Severe, yoi kn .wy iii Could h-lvii grit it if y ii) plbà<cd." Scvd'e kc'riUdliy lui ie lier wait till the .iii WM-, ov.ir. lli'n'n which. Monique's í¡vie beanie with .jáyj äri'd sile' öali'ed h'ílri ii tí-éasür'e, AI ihiievílle ellis ÜB feb day with A ))ó\\\h-< which is kiri died bli the \s\>\fa S;v'evó. Aforiiqiii and T'iieiüíi'é., a little gild Ú her own age, stob together, looking at i\ve bright HartVei which li the country round foi; riiUes* " Ulkê that," saî'd Sevcre,.empuVtloatty. "Ves, but Noah's Ark is gone." sobbed M( nique, and the bird is gone, and-" Another so completed the sentence. " Go home with her presently, Themire," hastily said Severe, and without waiting for an answer he was gone. " The man shall sell that magpie to me," angrily thought Severe, as he walked along the high road that leads to St. Laurent. " I will add my (ive francs to her two. How can I look at Monique again if I do not get it ? Besides, it will make her ill, as not going to the fair did last year. My poor little Monique. I will tell him so." But aks ! even this argument failed as much in its effect as the eight francs which Severe magnanimously ottered, and an hour later after a quick walk to overtake the van, aud a warm though brief argument with the owner, the youth was slowly coming back without the magpie. " What shall I say to her ?" bc thought, standing near the great old oak which is called l'arbre a la croix. It isa thousand years old, people say, and it has lost many a bough and many a mighty limb in its long battle with time. "The beg- garly mountebank," thought Severe, looking at the tree, "to refuse eight francs for a magpie, and tell me it was worth more than all I or mine ever had. The-" " Bonjour," said a little shrill voice. Severe gave a start and looked around him. The light from the bonfire was dying away, and the church spire rose dark against the glow that still lingered iii the sky ; but the moon shone broad and clear, and in her light he saw a little black thing hop- ping on the path before him, flapping its wings and looking like a goblin. Monique had seen the last of the bonfire. She had come home with Themire, and supped with her uncle and his two sons upon douillons and cider. She was now in her little room j and had just knelt down to say lier prayers, when a tap came at the door, lier heart beat. Had Ger- maine, her uncle's old servant, who ruled the house since the death of his wife; found her out in some delinquency ? " Opsn the door wide enough to let my hand in,' said the voice of Severe. Monique obeyed. Severe's strong brown hand appeared in the opening, and the next moment the magpie hopped on the floors and greeted his new mistress with a shrill laugh. " Oh, Severe," cried Monique, clapping her hands for joy. " How I love you." " You sliail have a cage to-morrow," said Severe, closing the door. And the next morning Monique had a braiid-new osier cage, and the niâgpie wits put iii it and hung ont at her window over the gateway, where he screamed " Bonjour" so loud that her uncle heard him. " lt was only a magpie," said Monique. "Severe had bought it at the fair, and given her two-franc piece for it." A few days after this, Severe was coming in rather late in the evening, when Monique met him under the great arched gateway and said, breathlessly, "Oh, Severe, uncle has just come back from the fair of St. Laurent, and he looks so black, and your little old god-father is with him, and, Severe, they want you at once-at once, in the great room." Severe knit his brow. The great room was rarely used save on judicial occasions, aud he guessed what was coining ; but he only uttered a careless "Very well," and went in to meet his fate. " Severe," said his cousin and m ister, giving him a' hard, stem look, " How did you get the bird you sold to Monique for her two-franc piece ?" '.' I found it in the wood. I did not sell her the bird. The two francs went for the cage." " And I say you stole the bird," cried his master, starting to his feet and shaking his fist at him. "And I have called m your god-father to tell you in his presence that I will have no thief in my house." "I found the bird; lam no thief," said Severe, sullenly, " but I am willing to leave you. Maître Mathieu wants aplough-boy : he will take the;" There was a pause. Severe looked at his master, fclien at his göd-father, a thin old man, who only shrugged his shoulders, and raised u\s eyebrow's ils much as to say-, " Your own lookout, my lad.'' Tue y oh th's brown cheek turned a little piiléi perhapä, but hé asked calmly what he was to do. " 'To ehiíst, and hover Vet tis see your black fae» again/' w'As the bitter aiiswèr. Sevèré's (lark eyes seemed to flash lire as he re- plied"! hope that Ï shall never seo your face again, Maître Louis. I know that I have done wrong ; hilt you know, too, that I am no thief ; in yoilr heart you know it. I only wauted to please Monique. As to fighting, Ï fear it no more than Í feared har 1 work. I shall go to-morrow to St. Laurent and enlist there." Severe was true to his word ; he went and had his slipper, itnd was silent over tho meal as usual. Whim he walked 'out into the court, and saw to some work there, 'his god-father joined bini, and si i pp-, »lg a I'raho piece¡ íü hu hand, hoped this would bo a WiVrliSiig to Ililli. But Severe thrust hack ¡the coin, ,l\thtlhlcy.ii», Uiicie'* slid lie, " if I enlist Í slift'j be provided for." . With cockcrow Severe l'03e, took his Httio bli (idle; pm ,xlblë down stairs, íiopitig U Meet ivo'one ; hut frisca!, a ploitgu hoy, a year. 0Vder than himself, and willi whom he had a feud of ibTiij; .standing, was already hp. As Severe went by bin, his head erect, his hearing proud, hut hta 'BÍghíiicAlifc bviiñdie 4iitig' over Iiis shoulder, Pascal laughed a low jeering laugh. The lad's heart hurued with wrath as he left the house ; yet when he had passed beneath the arched gateway, he could not help looking up at little Monique's ivied window between the two turrets. The cage was hanging outside, and the magpie screamed " Bonjour" to him, then laughed shrilly, as if it were such a good joke. "I have not bidden her good-bye," thought Severe, sadly ; " it is better not." Manneville was not awake yet as he passed through its silent streets. He was soon on the road to St. Laurent, and near the old oak. A panting breath and a pattering of little feet made him turn round. It was Monique running through the high grass toward him. Monique, with her head bare, and her clothes half on, and her naked feet all wet with dew, and the cage and the magpie in her hand, "Oh, Severe," she said, all out of breath, " how wicked of you to go and not say good-bye. I know-I know it's all about the magpie. I listened at the keyhole yesterday, and I thought to see you this morniug ; and Pascal told me you were gone, and he laughed because I cried ; and I know it's all the magpie, and I have brought him and give him back, Severe ; and oh," she added, bursting into tears, "do not go." She cried so bitterly that all Severe could do at first was to make her sit down on the root of the old oak tree, and sitting down by her side to try and comfort her. A hard task, for Severe could not say when lie would come back. Never, so had he resolved in his inmost heart, would-he live iu tho same place with thc mau who had insulted and injured him. "And what shall I do when you are gone ?" sobbed the child, " What shall I do, Severe ?" " Yes," he answered, moodily, "they like you now, they make a toy of you ; but when you grow tip you will be a drudge in your grand- father's house. I used to think-never mind, when they arc too hard upon her I will carry water for her and help her by stealth ; for Monique, your little hands were not made for rough work, and you ought not to spoil your pretty face over kitchen lires, and get red-eyed like old Ger- maine. Poor little Monique, if you would only stay little and pretty tiil i come back some day ; but you will grow up, aud I dare say they will make you marry Pascal, because he is your uncle's godson. But do not, Monique ; let him marry Themire, or any one else. Never marry him; he is lazy and will make you work like a slave." Monique sobbed that she would never marry Pascal, and again entreated Severe not to go. " I must," he said, rising. " Look, there is tho sun taking that gray cloak off, and sho.ving us his red face above the green edge of tho corn- field. I must go on, Monique, aud you must go back, and take the bird home to your uncle." "Bonjour," said a voice in the tree and with a laugh thc magpie flew away. While they wore talking he had found the door of his cage loose and slipped out, and now he was free. " (.TO away, you bad bird," said Monique. "I hate you." " Poor little Monique," sighed Severe ; you too will be scolded for that magpie." And now came the parting, and the last words, and the last tears, and Severe's farewell kiss on either of Monique's tear stained cheeks ; and the hui was gone, and the child stood looking after him, her eyes so dim that she could nou sie, and thc empty cage in her hand. Eleven y ears ha l passed, and Maitre Severe David sat by thc parlor window of his house in Fontaine, watching thc people of Manneville going by on their way homo from thc fair of St.. Laurent. " Now, who is that," thought he, as a tall, dark peasant, with a grave, handsome face, v. niel) he seemed to know, came down the street, stopped at his door, and raising the latch, entered the room. " (rood morning, godfather," said he. " Why, Severe, is it you? And where is your knapsack." " I have not been a soldier these four years," said Severe, drily. "I wrote it to you at the time." Maitre Severe confessed remembering it, but was so evidently on his guard that his godson said, impatiently : " Uncle, I would not have your franc piece when we last parted, and I do not want your five franc pieces now." He spoke with the good humored assurance of a man of twenty-eight whom life has taught, and Maitre Severe David's instinctive mistrust of a poor relative yielded to the evidence of his senses. The tall, strong, welt-clothed man be- fore him had not come a3 a supplicant : still prudence- suggested a few questions. Maitre Severe remembered that his godson was manager or something of a farm in lower Normandy. How came ho to have left so elegant a position ? The old mau was dead, ans.vered Severe, but he could go on another farm next his late master's to-morrow if he pleased. "Then why do you not?" asked his amiable relative. " Never lose such ¡i chahute as that." "Thank you, miele. I hid a foolish fancy to t--ee the old placo a^iiu, and to know how you were all getting mi. You are Well, as I xee, and I think I met 'Themire a little while ag.». She ltas grown a pretty girl ; and Maitre Louis David is di ad, they tell nie; and ímw is little Monique?' " Little Monique, indeed !" echoed his uncle " Don't yon know that six months back her two cmshis died of the same fever, both childless, mid that throe months ago Lo »is died and left her all he had. Mahr/Adle Moniqno is a rich woniHii now, but it will Louis mado her pi omise not t i keep her good-for-nothing brother in tho house. ; but he comes and goes, and he will make short work of her money unless she marries one of the gallants ^yho are always after her ; Mooleric Chevalier, Vincent Blondel, and the lot of them." ' "Little Monique with a lot of gallants?" said Severe, seeming amused. " Well, uncle, you are giving me newa ; and now that I have seen you, I will go and have a look at Manneville," he added, rising, "so good-bye, for we may not meet again for another dozen years. I am staying at the Silver Lion." The fair was nearly over, and the people that came home from it having ceased to pass by Maifcre Severe's window, he was leaving his post, when a Norman carriole stopped at his door, and a young woman m black alighted from it. He had scarcely caught a glimpse of her tall, lithe figure, when she walked in. She gave a quick, disappointed look around the room, then throwing back the hood of her mourning cloak, she showed him a fair and lovely face with a rich crown of golden hair, scarcely hid by a little white cap. "You have forgotten your little cousin Monique, Maitre Severe," said she, with a bright smile that lit the dull and dingy room. "Ah! so you are Monique, are you?" said Maitre Severe, coolly, shading Iiis eyes with his hand, the better to ste her. "'Well, well," he added, more graciously, "sit down, Mainzeüe Monique," and after a pause, " Cousin, they tell no hes who say you are a beautiful young woman." Monique laughed carelessly, glancing at herself in a little tarnished mirror at the other end of the room, and said, "Thank you, cousin." "And your pretty little hands with such long white lingers," said Maitre Severe ; " where did you get them Monique? Not milking the cows or scouring the saucepans." "Why should I ?" she said shortly. "lam rich how." " Get married, Mainzelle Monique, or you will not be rich long. Your good-for- nothing brother-'' " We will not speak of him," she interrupted impatiently. "Can you tell nie cousin, if Severe David be really come back?" Maitre Severe laconically replied that Severe had come b:tok. Monique's impatient questions soon drew the rest from him. In live minutes she knew all he had to tell. She heard him, leaning back iu her chair, with her rosy cheek on her hand, and her dark blue eyes gazing on the floor. " And so he means to stop at the Silver Lion," was the only comment she made. "Thank you, cousin, I must go. I see that Pascal can scarcely hold the mare. Do not forget to look in at me when you come to Manneviile." She wrapped her cloak around her, walked ont, stepped into tho carriole, and was gone in no time. "Take me to the White House," she said to Pascal. The White House is a farm on the road to Saint Laurent, with tho owner of which Monique had some business. Pascal pointed with his whip to the young green corn on either side of the road, and nodded. Yes it was hers, and Monique 1: new it. Hers, too, was the great old oak, the king of that wide corn land, that might spread its mighty boughs in the summer air, ou a back ground of pale blue summer sky. " Why, surely that is Severe,'' said Pasca!, as they drove on again. She looked, and saw a tall dark man walking steadily along the road. He saw ii fair woman driving past him, and it was over. It was Severe. Monique stopped au hour at thc White House. lt was dark when she reached her own old farm. She asked at once who had come while she was away, and reddened when (jermaine answered that M:iitro Jean was in the kitchen, with Maitre Vincent Wendel ¡ind Maitre Mcderic Chevalier, all waiting for the mistress of the house ; they were also drinking her ci:ler and singing uproariously to beguile tho time. "With a raised color Monique bade Germaine send out her brother to her, and when the message had been delivered, and tho young man came.out with bloodshot eyes and reeling steps, his sister, looking at him with a pale, grave face, signed lum to enter the room where eleven ears before, Severe David heard his doom. " Jean," said she coldly, " I am wearied of ¡ill this. It must cease. You fill this house with noise, you show a had example to my servants, you waste my substance. It cannot last. You must come no more." She left him and walked out. With a sore iind. troubled heart she went to the evening prayer in tho church of Manneville. Old women whom the burdens of life troubled no more, mothers with their yonng ones clinging to them, little children ever looking round, laborers coming in from work, had met to pray ; and Monirpie, sitting solitary on the great old oaken bench of the Davids, envied them all and felt very lonely. The Silver Lion is on the place of Manneville, looking at the church, as it were, and, as it well i.iay be, being a decent inn, where even hard drinking Normans are kept in order. Severe was smoking outside the door when the little congregation came ont of the church in the cool twilight. Monique saw him at once, and went straight up to him. For a moment they were both silent. "Severe," she said at length, " have you for- gotten Monique ?" " Has Monique remembered Severe all these years." ho asked briefly. " What would you.have had me do?" said she, wondering. " Do ? Oh nothing," was his careless answer.. She walked away in offended silence. He watched her goingj then followed her, and soon stood hy her side on the road that leads straight to the abbey. " Monique," said he, holding out his hand, " I ain going away to-morrow ; let us be friends." " And why do you go?" she asked, almost in- dignantly. "Was it only to look at the stones of Mannevil'e yon came back ?'' \C Do wants me here?" he retorted. "Not you, Monique. You are rich now ; you want no one." "I want a friend," an s werai Monique, very sadly. "It's no use telling you why ; you do not care, and yon are going away." They had gone on walking along thc quiet road, which just then was very lonely. The fields stretched away on either sido iii the gray evening light. The new mown hay filled the air with its wild, sweet air . little moths flitted about and far away before them ; a light burned in the old abbey. Monique's home, where her brother «ml bis fiir-ndx were, ca ron *m sr. Seveié couidnot i.Meherfacewe.il, Lut from ¡h." sound of her voice he thou ¡ht she was crying, ile for- got the long oblivion which had 'stung him, he only remembered his old affection and her trouble. " You know I Geared for you once, Moniqe," lie «aid . " why should I nofc care now?'' "Yes, you cared for nie once," said Monique, still speaking sadly ; " I thought of it as I drove past the old tree to-day-that tree by which wc parted. I thought of it as I remembered, what you had suffered for my sake. You cared for mo once, Severe, but I was a little child then-a poor one,'too. Now I am rich, and I ara now a woman of twenty-one, and you care no more." He was silent, but with every word she spoke the little Monique of long ago rose before him. And the hardness which years and pride had brought round his heart seemed to melt away. " What can I clo for you ?" ho asked. "What you will nut do, Severe," she answered, "lam rich, but I have an enemy in my own flesh and blood, from whom no one will defend me. People bid me marry. I will not; I will he Monique David and no more." " What can I do for you ?" ho asked again. " What you are going to do for a stranger," she said, with sudden eagerness. "Take tho management of my farm, ami save rac from the misery that turns my inheritance into a curse. 1 shall interfere with nothing. You shall bo master on tho land ; sow, reap, till, buy and sell as you please, and you will deliver me from a yoke which makes my hard old days of servitude seem a blessed time." Severe did not answer. Thero was a long silence, during which Monique's heart beat fast. "And when you marry?" he said at length. "I tell you I shall not marry. Shall I pro- mise?" she added, half in jest, half in earnest. "There is no need, Monique. When you marry I go. I may'have.a mistress, but I will not have a master.'' Ali Manneville conned and wondered when Severe became Monique's vicegerent, and Jean was virtually excluded from his sister's little dominions. In vain he clamored and upbraided. She pleaded her uncle's behests, and was firm ; and Severe, impervious to reproach or blame, simply said, "I am here to manage Mademoi- selle Monique's farm, and I have nothing to do j with you." With his new mistress Severe was as cool and civil as if they had always been strangers. And so weeks and mouths went by. One November morning Germaine grumbled so hard at some orders which she had received from lier young mistress that the overflow of her indignation reached Severe's ears in the yard. He sharply asked what she was saying about Mademoiselle Monique. " Hainzelle Monique, indeed !" echoed Ger- maine. " What wasshe before Maitre Louis died ?" " She was our master's niece, and now she is our mistress," was the brief reply. " Yes, and you have the high hand now," sneered Germaine ; " but wait till young Blon del, or Hederic or any of them turns our Mam relie into Madame." Severe looked gloomily at the gray old walls and straggling brown roof of the farm, then he frowned as a Hock of geese strutted past him, and, without looking at Germaine, he asked what she meant. Germaine half-leaned out of the kitchen window, and said, mysteriously : " Blondol is her cousin, and Mederic's mother is coming, and she has the others for the look of it ; and the best turkey is to be killed, and we are to get seven pounds of beef from tho butcher's, and we shall all have meat-soup to- morrow." "Who cares about meat-soup ?" asked Severe, walking away. Germaine, who had never liked him, nodded lier white cap at him, and went back to her cooking. Severe had to go out on business that day, but lie came back before supper. He found his young mistress in the kitchen, talking there to Themire, now the best dressmaker in Manneville, who had come in the afternoon to alter thc fashion of a dress. The two girls stood side by side in tho lamp- light and set oil* one another. Themire was short, dark and very pretty. She had quick black eyes, a little pert, turned up nose, dimples, and the prettiest little white teeth in the world; and Monique when seen near her, looked fairer, taller, ami more lovely than ever ; a Norman maid, with almost classic features, and the bloom of a rose on her fair young face. Themire wa? ardently pleading the cause of gimp trim- mings for sleeve-cuffs. " But could it be ready for thc morning?" asked Monique ; and Themire bravely volunteered to sit up all night, if it were needful. Monique smiled sweetly, and had begun to say this would bea pity, when her eye feli on Severe, who stood near the door looking on. "I did not know you had come back, Severe," she said. "Do you want me ?" "I want to give you money," he answered : and lie brought out a bag full of five-franc pieces, which he laid on the table before her. "And so he has actually paid you," said Monique, admiringly. "How did you manage, Severe ?" ( " I asked for the money and he gave it," replied bevere quietly ; and in the same breath, " ls it true, Mademoiselle Monique, that Maître Vincent blondel is coming to-morrow V" " Yes," answered Monique, " lie is my cousin, you know. Why do you ask, Severe ?" _ " I want to know how prices went at the last fair down his way," answered Severe. Then he turned to leave the kitchen, and without looking round, closed the door after him. Severe wont straight up to his own room, in a remote part of the farm. He changed his clothes, put on his best blouse, his smartest cap, and his new necktie, (a present from Monique), then knowing that supper was over, he went back to tue kitchen. Themire was gone, and Monique had retired to a little parlor where she always sat alone in tho long winter evenings. "As if she were too good for the kitchen," Germaine often muttered under her breath. ' Well, and what do you want?'' she asked, as Revere's tall form darkened the doorway. Ripper is over and tho kitchen is mine." And so is the poultry, Germaine. I want a rat turkey." Germaine, amazed, asked what he could want a tat turkey for. Severe replied that he wanted . I1Jali'; a present of it to his godfather, whose hurry8 ^ V'"dS' ^ ^ hQ WaS a Have Gogo,'' ?aid Germaine, producing a »"?»ßnilicent turkey. " Another will do as well for lucent and Hederic and the lot of them to uiorrow. Take Gogo at seven francs, Severe." Atter some bargaining he took Gogo at six ';'"cs tied him up in a clean handkerchief, and walked out. tli!ria-tïe Severe David's house was tho last on tue high street in Fontaine. He lived alone in it, alter his own miserly fashion. " Good-night to you, godfather," said Severe, as he entered the room. "To- morrow is your fete-day, and so I came to-night to give you my hest wishes, for we are busy just now, andi must be up before day." " And what have you got there?" asked Maitre Severe, peering in the dim light of the rush candle he held. " Only a turkey for you," replied Severe, as they entered the kitchen together ; and taking Gogo out of the handkerchief, he placed him on the table. Maitre Severe quietly set down his iron candle- stick near Gogo, aud without giving that luckless bird a look, he laid his thia hand on the young man's shoulder, and said deliberately : " My boy, you want something from nie. My fete-day comes round every year, but never before did you give me a turkey." Severe's bronzed cheek reddened a little, but he tried to reply carelessly : " Of course I want something from you, uncle ; but as to the turkey, I gob it cheap, though it is a fine one. Look at its breast, white as milk, and tender like a chicken." Norman cider plays sad havoc with Norman teeth, and this insidious praise o£ Gngo's breast was assailing Severe's godfather in atender point. He took the turkey, weighed it in his hand, poked it all over, and said, with a chuckle, " I never saw such a line bird, so white, so plump, and cheap, too." " Not too cheap," answered Severe. I suppose I may sit down, uncle?" The old man nodded but did not sit down him- self. To all appearance he was taken up with Gogo, on whom he pronounced quito a panegyric. Such a turkey ! so large, so plump. "Uncle," interrupted Severe, "You said I wanted something from you. Suppose you hear what it is." Maitre's Severe's gray eyes twinkled ; he drew his chair to the hearth, looked at the faint embers burning there, and laying his hands on his knees, he set his head on one side aud listened to his godson. " Uncle, I want to marry Mademoiselle Monique." Maitre Severe David whistled softly. "Well, marry her," he said, blandly. "She is rich and I am poor," said Severe. " I cannot ask her to become my wife when all I have is the wages I earn with her. But if you, god- father, who have plenty of money and no children would give me, say ten thousand francs, I could try my chance." Maître Severe did not receive this proposal with the indignation his nephew and godson had ex- pected and was prepared to combat. He smiled, nodded, and said, " You think you would succeed do you? Then I suppose Monique is fond of you?" " Monique is fond of noone," answered Severe, drily, and "if they would lether alone, she would stay as she is till doomsday. But she likes me well enough, and she is accustomed to me. I am useful to her, and I might have a chance." " I do not mind leaving you the money in my will," answered the old man, who, when he looked at Gogo, and feared to lose him, was bent on con- ciliation. " What is a will ?" scornfully asked Severe. "It must be ten thousand francs down or nothing. I must go into her house more than a beggar, or stay as I am." " Then stay as you are. Ten thousand francs down ! That would be a dear turkey." " Well, uncle," said Severe, "you are master of your money, and it is not because you have said nie nay that we need be worse friends. I have asked and been denied, and there is au end to the matter. And now I must bo off, so good night." His uncle faintly asked him to take some refreshment, but Severe wanted nothing, and said so, and with that they shook hands and parted. "He did not take back the turkey, after ail," thought Maitre Severe, looking meditatively at Gogo. " I never saw so white aud plump a bird; never. I must leave him something in my will ; I really must." By which, of course Maitre Severe did not mean Gogo. Monique's guests all came the next day, as Germaiue had announced. Severe saw nothing of them, for he stayed out till night. When he came home late, Germaine gave him a full account of the festivities, and declared that the way Mamzelle Monique managed her lovers was some- thing to see. "But I think it will be Mederio," was Germaine's conclusion. " They are all staying till to- morrow ; but I fancy Medoric and his mother remain till after Sunday." Severe heard this with stoic indifférence; but the next morning, as Monique was feeding her hens, he suddenly appeared by her side. "I have a word or two to say to you, Mademoiselle Monique," said he, bluntly. She looked round at him, aud was struck with the stern gravity of his aspect. " It is just this, ' he continued; "that if these young fellows come to the house, I must leave it. L am willing togo on as we are, you and I, till I am three score, and you not much Jess ; but if they keep coming to the house, I must leave it. I do not threaten. It would not be my place to do so ; but I gi ve yon fair warning. I must not stay." "Say that you will not, Severe," replied Monique, coldly. "Because I cannot,"he rejoined,in a low tone. " And why can you not?" she asked, a little defiantly. " You know," he said, turning his back upon her. The color faded from Monique's rosy cheeks, and she stood as he had left her, looking like one stricken. Tho horses at the farm were always watered beyond the low, straggling out- houses, in a little curve of the river, over which tall trees bent theil heavy boughs in the summer time. A pale and misty November moon was looking in through the leafless branches when Severe, coining in from the fields, lcd tho team of noble gray Norman mares, which called Monique mistress, lo the rippling edge of the little river. The white moon- beams played on the surface of the water, and the horses drank with their heads bent low, when Severe became aware of something like a shadow beside him. Ho looked up and at once recognised Monique. She had came out of the farm by n side door, and stood by him as silent and still as any ghost. "Do you want me, M am zcllo Monique?" asked Severe. ¡ " You will not go?" said she. " Not unless I must," was the answer. "Because," faltered Monique, " they all leave I to-morrow, and Ido not think any of them will ! caro to como back." "And I shall not go and look for them, you may be sure," was all Severe said. Nothing else worthy of note took place that winter ; nothing until spring was over, and summer came round. The garden which.stretched along the banks of the little river was not much to boast of, but Monique was fond of it, especially in the evening time, when the water was alive with fire and gold, and the trees on the opposite bank rose dark and still on* the blue sky. She liked to watch the stars coming out one by one, to breathe the fragrance of her flowers, and perhaps, too-for Monique was young-to remember the past and dream of the future. It was a place where no one ever sought her or intruded on her privacy ; and one evening, when she stood there watching the river flowing on to the sea, Monique could not help giving a little start as she heard and saw Severe coming toward her. "Mademoiselle Monique," he said, abruptly, "I have something to tell you." "I am going to get married,'' he answered, with something like flurry in his manner. Monique was standing by a rose tree. She plucked a rose and let it fall with a start. A sharp thorn had pierced her hand. " Well," she said, wiping the blood off with her handkerchief, " what about it, Severe ? You have a right to marry, I suppose." " 1 have," he coolly answered ; "and if I tell you about it, Mademoiselle, it is that you may know my marrying will make no change. Themire ' and I will live in ahorne of our own, of course, but I shall be none the less upon the farm than I am now." "Themire!" slowly repeated Moniqe ; "it is Themire whom you marry ?" " Only after the harvest. I never spoke to her till this afternoon." Monique laughed. " How fond of one another you must have been all this time to make it up so quickly," she said. " You never spoke till this afternoon, and yet you are to be married when the harvest is over. Poor Themire must have been breaking her heart for you, Severe." " Themire will never break her heart for any one, but she will make an honest wife," an- swered Severe, coldly; "and I told you about it, Mademoiselle Monique, because, as she is work- ing- in your house to-day, it is fair you should know." He waited a while ; Monique was silent. Then he bade her good-bye, and without looking round. "Good night, Severe," answered she. She lingered a while longer in the garden, listening to the murmuring voice of the river, then she went back to the house, crossing the yard. As she passed by the window of the kitchen, from which a ruddy glow streamed out, she paused and gave a look within. Themire was stitching away by lamplight ; Severe stood by her, leaning against the high and massive stone chimney. He said something which Monique did not hear, but Themire put down her work to look laughingly up in his face And with her black eyes, her little turned-up nose, her cherry lips and her dimples, Themire looked very pretty. Severe remained grave, but there was kindness in his downward gaze. Monique looked at him awhile, then walked back to the garden. She went and sat on the river bank, and stayed there till the white stars shone through chill mists, and she rose shivering. Germaine had just loft the kitchen, and Themire was alone in it, when the young mis- tress of the house entered it. Her fair cheeks were somewhat flushed, an unusual light shone in her blue eyes. " Was not Severe here ?" said she, looking around for him. Themire demurely replied that Severe M'as gone to the barber's to get shaved, and offered to call him. Monique laughed a little bitterly. "That would lie a pity," she said, "for she was sure Themire liked Severe better without than with his beard." " But what have Ido with Severe's beard?" cried Themire, reddening; "he may wear it a yard long for all I care." " You would not like it a yard long on your wedding day," retorted Monique. " Come, Themire, Severe has told nie you aro to marry him after the harvest." "Then if Severe is shaving for that, let him keep his beard," angrily said Themire. " After the harvest ! Why, I might, if I chose, have been Pascal's wife this spring." "Ah, but Themire did not care for Pascal, and she was fond of Severe," said Monique, smiling, a remark which added to Themire's indignation. Fond of Severe ! a surly fellow who asked one to marry him, and had not even a kind word to say, Pascal was a much pleasanter youngman, thought Themire, though Mademoiselle Monique had never liked him. But this, too, turned out to be a mistake. With a blush, Monique assured Themire that she had always liked Pascal. " Was he not her uncle's godson, and when he marries," added Monique, looking straight before her, " I shall give him a thousand francs. For Severe, of course I can do nothing of the kind, though I really like him too. I can only give him a silver watch ; but do not tell him so, Themire." " Tell him ! Mademoiselle Monique might give him a dozen watches for all Themire cared. He might say she was going to marry him, but she, Themire, had promised nothing of the kind. Be- sides she know it would break Pascal's heart, and that went against her conscience." " Severe has savings," began Monique. " Mademoiselle Monique, I do not think of the money," said Themire, virtuously, "But I can- not make Pascal unhappy. I shall tell Severe so, and I hope he will not be after me or worry nie, because it will be of no use," said Themire resolutely. " But suppose Severe should be angry," sug- gested Monique. "Perhaps you had better keep out of his way, Themire." The two girls put their heads together, and when Germaine came back with thecider she had been drawing, she learned that Themire, seized with a sudden and violent headache, had been obliged to take her work home, and leave without her supper. Monique said this so low that Severe scarcely heard her, but Pascal heard, and gave him a scowl that meant, "This is your doing." Monique was very silent during the meal. Severo never opened his lips, and every now and then Pascal uttered a low groan, which made Germaine ask him what he meant by grunting so. " I know." sulkily answered Pascal, and again he scowled at Severe, who was looking at Moni- que's pale, grave face. Early the uext morning, Pascal, to bis great surprise, was sent hy his young mistress to Thcmiie's house with a piece of trimming for the dress which she had taken away to li nish at home. He soon came back looking sheepish, ex- changed a few words with Monique in thc yard, then went his way. A little before noou, Monique, with her round straw hat on, passed by the door of the kitchen where Germaine sat picking vegetables. "I am going to look at tho I reapers," said she. The morning was a hot one. Tho fierce sun 1 poured down on a land of yellow corn. There was not a cloud in the deep blue sky, not a breath of air stirred the leaves of the trees that grew by the road, along which walked Monique. Now and then she stood still and gazed dreamily before her. On either hand stretched broad fields of wheat, and they were hers. "I am a rich woman," thought Monique, with a weary sigh, "a very rich woman, the very richest woman in all Manneville ; and-where is the use of it all?" So she went on till she came to the reapers. Monique went among the men, who had nearly cleared the field, and did her best to be gracious; but Severe, who eyed her closely, saw well enough that her mind was ill at ease. Her words were hesitating and low, her smile was troubled, her eyes shunned his, and when she_ at length turned away, there was a look of relief upon her face. He walked to the end of the field with her, then was leaving her with a quiet " Good morning, Mademoiselle Monique." " Walk a little way with me, Severe," she said in a very low tone. He followed her without a word along a narrow path which passed throagh the waving corn. When they came to the spot where the great oak with the cross in it flung its broad shadow, Monique stood still. "Have you seen Themire to-day, Severe ?" she asked. Severe replied that he had not. He spoke very calmly, but never took his eyes off Monique's face. She was pale and flushed by turns, and her little white hand was nervously shelling the tall ears of corn by which she stood. " She is not coming to the farra to-day," re- sumed Monique, hesitatingly. " I thought it better not." Severe said not a word. " I believe,"continued Monique, after a pause, " that there must have been some mistake in what you told me yesterday, for-for-Themire, I fancy, is going to marry someone else." " Whom else ?" sharply asked Severe. " Pascal," answered Monique, without looking up. " How do you know it ? And as he put the question Severe bent his keen eyes upon her face. " Pascal has just told me so." " But you had a long talk with Themire last night," said Severe briefly. " I saw you both in the kitchen." Monique colored, raised her head proudly, and scorned to deny. " Yes, Themire and she had had a long talk." " And what did you do, or promise to do, that she veeredlike a little weather-cock, which she is, and always was," added this fond lover, " from Severe to Pascal ?" " I only told her the truth," said Monique a little angrily, " that I would give Pascal a thou- sand francs when he married, and to you a silver watch." " Thank you !" laughed Severe. " And now," he resumed after a pause, " shall I tell you what you have done, Monique ? You have sent me for ever from Manneville, and whether.I am useful to you or not, whether the farra will thrive or go to ruin, when I am no longer there to stand between you and the plunderers whose business it seems to be to rob you-I must go." i " Why so '!" asked Monique, looking scared. " When I told you, last night, that I was ! going to marry Themire, what did you think was my motive asked Severe very gravely. " I thought you liked her," faltered Monique. " And therefore you did your best that another should have her," said Severe bitterly. " Well, : let that be ; after a fashion I liked her. She has no more head than a linnet, but she is honest. I She did not care foi' me, she would never have been a false wife, and I-why I would have made her a good husband, a» husbands go, but as I said, what did you think was my motive for taking her? Why, this : that I found out that we two, you and I, could not stay as we are, and now I must go, Monique, and it isyonr doing." " But I cannot let you go, Severe," said Mon- ique, pitifully, " you know I cannot do without you. You know that my brother will come back if you leave me. How can you talk of going ?" " Is it possible you do not understand ?" said Severe, almost angrily. " Can you not guess that, thanks to your brother, Manneville has been busy with our two names, and that, since you would not let me marry Themire, why, I must go, or-you must marry me," he added, with a bitter laugh, The blood left Monique's cheeks, and her very lips were white. For a while she could not speak, then she said in a low tone : " Well, Severe, and would that be so hard ?" For a moment he was silent. The noonday hour was very still ; then suddenly a little breezo arose and passing through the great green boughs of the old tree shook them ; and the tall red poppies and the blue corn-flowers shivered gladly as they felt the sweet breath of the sea. Strong man though he was, Severe shivered too, as the words of Monique fell upon his heart. " You mean it !" he said at length. Monique hung her head ami was mute. " Von mean it !'' he said again ; " you mean that you will marry me." And the passionate longing of last year wasin his voice and in his look. " Why not ?" was all she answered at length, for, Normau like, she could not give him a plain yea or nay. "Monique ¡Monique !"he cried, with a sort of anguish, " do you care for me, or is it only that you wautme !" Monique shook her pretty head and laughed, although there were tears in her eyes. It is not that," she said ; " it is the magpie, for you have forgotten, Severe ; but I-I-remem- ber." " Now, who. is that ?" thought Maitre Severe David, as aloud knock daine to his door, late one Saturday night. '' Let me in, uncle," cried Severe's clear ring- ing voice, " I havesomething for you." A vision of another Gogo flitted across Maitre Severe's mind as he went to let his godson in ; but Severe only brought a wonderful tale. He was going to marry Monique,. Their banns were to be published next morning, and not wishing to marry her from her own house, ho came to ask his uncle to give him a bcd for a week. "You are going to man y Monique ?" said Maitre Severe ; " thou,"'added he, striking a great blow on the table with his list, " you shall have the ten thousand francs. That sneak, Jean, shall not have it to say that my nephew married his sister and never had a sou." And this is the atory of Monique. 