Victorian governors. . ]jhY OUH MBLBOUENE COUKESPONDSSfI'.T The skill displayed in tho conduct of tho highest Executive office is one of tho conditions of -social advantage aad progress esstnlinl to j-«unjr communities. Tho influence of the temporary inhabitants of Government House upon domestic etiquette, courtesies, and customs, 4s iv pronounced one among a people who have l7if,r-nwsiiiMlTT JVLif 'f^-nr nvnlfn/l cfnnrlnWlH fnr* imUn. tion. And in my effort to give form and character to tho conditions under which we fritter away etfistenco in this quarter of Aus tralia that .you may the moru dearly percuive tho bearing ? of the intelligence I havo tsoine times to .convey, I . am constrained ..to .include somo reference to our Govornors and their lady spouses, and their politicrtl and social im pression 'Upon Victorian lifq. Tor whilu- this dominion ot a gooa example is exertea exclu sively by'-tto recognised Queens of our society, according to their station, tho political infiu oncc of'-tfco rcpresentiitivc of the Sovereign by reason of the duality of hispbiitioii, has usually been greater than that which his Eoyal mietres3 herself exercises. The avenues to tho English Uiront) are lighted by the concentrated wisdom of the nation, and tho map of party bias can alone' misdirect the oouneels which Her Im pericl Majesty receives. But here tho Crown is too often advised not by competence, but by ignoranco ; and in pursuit of this duty to tho home Government the representative of Her Majesty is frequently coTapelled to bo guided by his . own common snnso rathor than by *hoso rules of political o-xpedioncy which are tho safeguards of fho practice of older -States. Kopeatedly has Her Majesty's representative here been ?placed in positions which demanded tho ability of a statesman of absolute genius to deal with them equitably. It is not [Burprising that most of them liayo foiled, and 'that tho brief periods during which they reigned . ovor. us is to most of the colonists au unpleasant recollec tion. ! -r r Of our first Governor, -nioviouslv Superin tendent, Mr. O. J. Latri-uo;:I,hav,obut a dim recollection. His charge! of tho 'thenidistrict of Port Phillip oommeneod on the 30th of Sep.; tomber, 1839, and his title of Lioutonant Governor was granted to him after tho Act, of. Separation, in. 1851. He and his ; suooessor— Sir Charles Hotlram — lived at a limo when the blood coursed the veins of Victorians with_a very lively rapidity. Mr. Latrobo is poised upon tho pinnacle- of our local history, the eulogy of his friend3 so justly balancing the, denunciation of his foes that it is scarcely worth , while now' to call up tli6 almost forgotten ghosts of his public actions. To him succeeded Sir Charles Holham, a gentleman who, in early youth, had swallowed a ooil of ? red tape, made rigid by tho hiucilage of official conservatism. Ho speedily devo loped a natural inaptitude for seeing any public question from any point of view but his own, and a talent for endeavouring to rule rather than to govern. As ho unfortunately took ohargeat a timo when men's passions wero seething to the ' point of ebullition, his administration : speedily becrimo unpopular; and, fretting under tho* persistent (ittaiks of tho slrgus, wnicn was not tnen uisnn Pfuiahed for its conservatism of wealth to the degree it has since attained,' ho gave up tho contest, and was interred under tho usual pretensions by hypocritical mourning of fvoe stono and marblo in the .general cametcry. Whether his demise was really attributublo to the hornot-liko attacks of tho Argus is a question for tho medical fraternity, for Bineo it has been so conclusively pi'6ved tliat tho mind of Keats was not ' snuffed out by au article,' but that ho died f rom natural causes, over which Mr.1 Gifford'sBcalpel had no influence, I begin to bo sceptical of heart discuses of public men ?boing induced by the rough -homeliness with wliich writers sometimos lecturo in type.' -? ,- .After Sir Charles Hotham, thero shono upon tho colony tho administration of Sir Honry Barkly, and his first wifo— good Lady Bounti ful — and tho iufluonco of thoir reign has never bcon entirely ofiaced. Sir Honry Barkly soon showed us that ho possessod tho qualities of a . ripe statesman. Nover, arrogantly assertive of his own position, or tho prerogatives of the Crown, lio subordinated his authority in all reasonable and lawful things to tho desires of tho colonists, 'while wisely exerting his powers to stop the incessant squabbles of faction, at that time particularly harrassing. By u kindly courtesy which made him liked as well as re spected, ho led socipty-.by showing tho example of amiable manners, 'and wolded it together by an earnest attention to those social courtesies which,' mako so. . much of tho. pleasantness of life. His . discriminative-, .judgment in matters of publio import, combined as it was with'a consistently f iiUUlod policy, of rionintor fcronce until action became a djity, made him respected' and aclmired,' and although, he l inatle mauy and powerful enemies, tho bulk of the oplonists.hayo' always'lookedi back '.'upon ihis. term of administration' aa tho day of vigorous things rightly thought and rightly dono. His' first .wife— by. tho active' execution and unbsten ..tatious,; liberality; of -..her. '.beuovolencb.'by her qrganising..power;of charitablo Bohouaes, aud by horti-uo-lie^rted amiability of | numuer — osthb- lished herself a favouritp :from.. the iirst, and when tho itiinqi came1 thi\t-wp had to lay her ^beneath1- t^o' ';storiedr -urn', ^adjacent to ths Hothum monuniont, thero romuincd not ouo dotraetor To' say of good Lady Barkly aught bnt-'A6od bloaiJ her'.'1 ??r'-yv- ? -. 5 '. ?.',? ' To this regime,- satisfactory to all but Iho , bittoroat pplitioal 0[)i)oiionls,-Bucceeded Uib'fatal ireign'.pf iiir Oharlbs Darling. ..SivClinrles was .prcoipitatcd lippn usjat- a. timo' whon tho dull rumbles of a growing stornviwore.'begiuning to' .muko jtliemsclves heard:') Ho wns, unfortunatoly for himself,- of tho -quarter- deok typo.' Im patient of ooritrol, possessed of a mischievous, rostlcss desire to interfere personally in politics, ? lacking' that climr-sightodnoss'^ and knowledge ibficharacter which reaults from diplomatic ox porionco, ho sought to make tho Crown a com manding office, and toexoroiso thb jurisdiction of a martinet. .'Ho was unfortunate in 'being .subjected to tan .unusually sevoro ordeal, and ho was not tho man for tho hour.-' At times yield ing ;whcrel lie'.ehbuld hiivb ..bocu firm, and sooking to shape tho political . conflict into the. oourso - wlnoh ho honestly believed wbb the best for tho colony, ho soon found that the' situation had outgrowh'Ii'is capacity to manage it, and ho was io-callod,~ruiiiO(l, aud disgraced in his old age. Tho political party with whom ho sympathised naturally applauded his actions and sought'to , givo to' thoir esteem a ;pocuniary oxpressioii, hut this action only increased his condemnation. Let it heunder stood that I am not a p-.irtizaii of either of tho political factions uwlio. wero engaged in thftt Ilian contest. ' AJ1.J contond for is that 'a .Gpyoiwr should.bo, abovo.; qvpn tho' snspioibn, of political'iiartisjiiHhin, and it wiis boeauso ho could not purgo himuolf of Ous ;Vepi:oaph that . Sir Cbarles.purliug.i'eaUyffidli -?!/ ;, ,'v '.-' i Leaving 'but of thb computation „ tho brifif' brilliance of thogbnUpineii,iivliQat(yarjoiis timpB't (UloJ tho yice-rpgal,oha)r, iii prdor to keep it worm, for 'coming' ,or' abaQutj (jipycrnprs, the.' .-,- '?{ '-I.',-'-* . ?;.'-'-7 ,?-.:?,. -V i^tr.-i'd* ? -:T j ' next to claim notice aro Sir John H. T. Manners Button (wd Sir Goorge I1, Bo wen. The- first tame to us .with tho prestige of a name bjazoned In tho horaldry of England, and most success fully filled tho ornamental duties of jiis position'. When ho doparted ho loft behind him no Bonso of void, and littlo either of good or ill that wo couli romombcr him by. Courtly of address, possessed of an awe-inspiring aphmb of manner, ho dignified the Windsor uniform without allowing us to perceivo that ho had any talent for adding to its luslro. That ho novor becamo popular was perhaps due to Lady Canterbury, whose misfortune it was to bo an unthawing frost in socitty, and whoso over-awing dignity of deportment at tracted tho envy rather than tho love of her lady visitors. Whon Sir John returned to the enjoyment of tlio luxurious ease of an English gentleman, it pleased Iho Secretary of State, whoso terres trial omniscience radiates from Downing-street, to transfer to us your former Governor, Sir Georgo F. Bowen, C.B., K.C.M.G., &e.;, &o.; Sir Goorge's reign has beon an unqualified success— so much so, indeed, that he and his iudicious tasteful consort are more popular uow than ever Sir Henry Barkly was ere his fame had;beon dimmed by tho attacks of factioni»ts. You do not require me to tell you that Sir George has risen to his present eminence by sheor force of character and ability. Educated in Ow diplomatic eervicc, possessed of a shrewd, pmcfic.il clear-sightedness, which is never dimmed bv tho fogs and illusions which are the opiaiitttiona of party politics, lie lms that knowledge of men and character which is at once an instinct and tho late fruit of a ripened t;Jv|-(jrll;lHjlJ« *t niiu uv ium «un uuu f -?»**» able to hold Mb spurs as a literary man and a politician, ho is at the same time the best after dinner SpCUKOr WO Iiave — 111, UJILU uuuill, uvyiuun Of reference, skimming the sentences of thought with an airiness which nevor tires the listener, full of well- phrased pleasantries, and with an astounding natural aptitude for 'blarney.' Sharing daily unostentatiously in^tho life and pastimes of the uppoMniadling class which constitutes an aristocracy open-handed, easy_ of access, devoid of fidso pride, and maintaining no petty dignity, he iB popular with everyone, and seems to havo rcaliand that superlative felicity of,' a colonial Governor — to be at once liked and respected. For-on the few occasions when the ship of State waB beginning to ' yaw' and.' sag' in her course, Sir George has shown that he is no fresh- water pilot in diplomacy. Ho holds the helm with an unquivering hand. TTio' i\A7c\mol rTnm.'mi'.fl 'lins -t.i\Y\^Tit. Turn thut the colony should govern itself, so long as it is possiblo to dp it. But when mutiny grows tronblesbmb ho wields the powers of the Crown with equitable hand. Let the Queen's Government be carried on 'promptly, tffectu ally.and then political contestants may scramble for power as much as'.they choose. That has -ioati Rii* CS-nnrmfa mp¥ht\\{i +!hr-nnp'}ioufc. and linon the few occasions in which he has had to take up an independent position he has exhibited n just discriminative appreciation of the true merits of tho 6itaation,and an entire freedom from all party bias, which hns commanded the admiration of thoso whoso convictions are not distorted .by the clanship of politics. Sir George is most fortunately mated to a lady who, like tho first LadylBarMy, has the happy tact of making herBelf mot only popular, but beloved. Always graceful and amiable, lead ing' society, and cultivating its_ courtesies with supremo good tasto, toning it by the example of an :intellectual_ and re fined gentlewoman, alwo-yfi foremost in works of kindly beneficence, and endearing herself to ovoryone bv tho genuine heartiness of her address toail, Lady Bowon is a worthy help mate to /Sir George, and it would he difficult to conjecture whioh of the twain is tho more popular in tho circles privileged with their acquaintance. 