NTED HOUSE, on SHADOW AT RIVER HALL. Br Mr.s. J. l. ItDDEr.IL, AUTeOR or A LIFtr' AbSlZE, GeOeOtG GIII, &C.; " COnaPTER III (CONTINUED). She had never been there since Colonel Morris' tenancy, or she cor tainly must have seen something worse than a ghost, a mlan anxious and ready to rob an orphan, and she was going to add the widow, when peals of laughter stopped her utterance. Miss Blake had no faith in ghosts resident at River ?all, and if anybody was playing tricks about the house, she would have thought a lighting gentlemnu by profession capable of getting rid of theo". " Unless hlie was afraid," added Miss Blake, witi withering irony. Then up rose the opposition counsel, wl;o approached her in an easy, conver. sational manner. "And so you do not believe in ghosts Miss Blake?" lie began, "Indeed I don't," she answered. " But if we have not ghosts, what is \- to become of the literature of your country ?" she answered. "I don't know what you mean by talking about my country," said Miss Blake, who was always proclaiming her nationality, and quarrelling with those who discovered it without such procla mation. "I mean," he explained, " that n1' ,the fanciful legends and beautiful. for which Ireland is rted hve heir .~rated have oee supernatural. There a o, r instance, several old families who have their traditional banshee." " For that matter, we have one our selves," agreed Miss Blake, with con scious pride. At this juncture .our counsel inter posed with a suggestion that there was no insinuation about any banshee resid . ong at River Hall " No, the question is about a ghost, and I am coming to that. Different countries have different usages. In Ireland, as Miss Blake admits, there exists a very ladylike spirit, who an uuce's the coming death of any moem her of certain families. In England we have ghosts, who appear after the death of some members of some fami lies. Now, Miss Blake, I want you to exercise your memory. Do you remem her a night in November after Mr. Elmsdale's death ? "I remember many nights in many months that I passed brokent-hearted in that house," she answered, composedly; but she grew very pale; and feeling there was something unexpected behind both question and answer, our co"nsel looked at us, and we looked back at him dismayed " Your niece, being nervous, slept in the same room as that occupied by you ?" continued the learned gentle man. " She did," said Miss Blake. Her answer was short enough, and direct enough, at least. "Now, on the particular November night to which I refer, do you recollect being awakened by Miss Elmsdale ?" " She awakened me many a time," nswered Miss Blake, and I noticed ant she looked away from her ques tioner, and towards the gallery. " Exactly so; but on one especial night she woke you, saying her father was walking along the passage; that she Lknoe his step, and that she heard his keys strike against the wall ?' " Yes, I remember that," said Miss Blake, with supicious alacrity. " She kept me up till daybreak. She was always thinking about him, poor child. " Yery natural, indeed," commented our adversary. " And you told her not so be foolish, I daresay, and very pro SSibly triest : reassure her by saying that one of the servants must have passed; and no doubt, being a lady possessed of energy and courage, you opened the bodrooir door, and looked up and down the corridor ?" "Certainly I did," agreed Miss Blake. " And saw nothing-and no one ?" " saw nothing." SAnid, then, possibly, in order to con e Miss Elmsdale of the full extent delusion, you lit a candle, and went downstaits." ".Of course- why wouldn't I?" said Mias Blake, defiantly. Why not, indeed ?" said the learned "% tleman, pensively. " Why not Blake being as brave as she is witty.. Well, you went downstairs, and, as was'the admirable custom of the hou.,e -. a custom worthy of all commendation -you found the doors opening from the hall bolted and locked. " I did." "And no sign of a human being about ?" " Except myself," supplemented Miss }}lahe - "And ranher wishing to find that some human being besides yourself was about, you retraced your steps, and visited the servant's apartments ?" S " You might have been with me," said Mias Blake, with an angry sneer. " I wish I had," he answered. "I can never sufficiently deplore the fact of my absence. And you found the servants asleep ?" W." ,ell, they seemed asleep," said the lady; ' but this does not prove they were so." " Doubtless," lle agreed. " Neverthe. leks, so far as you could judge, nione of them looked as if they had been wander ing up and down the corridors ?" "1 could not judge one way nor another," said Mices Blake, :for tihe trict of- Jng!isih servants, it is imnpossi ble for anyone to be up to. " Still, it did not occur to you at the timse that any of them wa o leigning 1lu.uber ?" " "I can't say it did. You see, I am Snaturally unsuspicious," explained MIiss ?lake nasvelv. ".I- e Co EuS. 