THE SKELETON IN THE CLOSET, [iVeio York Tribune.] Crowds of young people in New York hurried through the golden gates of matrimony during the last two weeks of February for even in churches in which the fast of Lent is not observed there is a prejudice against wedding in so gloomy a season. The columns of society papers, which have been filled with descriptions of bridal receptions, trousseau, and presents, have ceased to glow for a few weeks, and the newly-married folk have leisure to arrange their possessions, take stock of their capital of youth, fortune, and love, and to settle down to make such use of it as seems best to them. The Tribune willingly throws in a word of advice as the fittest of wedding gifts. It is that they carefully search house, baggage, and hearts, and see that, as they set out on the long journey together, they take no skeletons along with them. Your novel-writer, playwright, and poet, find the inevitable ghastly tenant of the closet a .' mighty useful personage. They could not do , without him he is made to shoulder and leg in all the tragedy, the dramatic situations, the telling points ; but practical housekeepers for home-makers would do well to begin their spring cleaning and Lenten self-examinations by rid- ding themselves of all cadavers or any sort of secrets which have to be kept out of sight as quickly as possible The skeleton in the majority of houses ruled after the latest mode is a mean economy where i economy is unwise, and lavish display in circumstances where display is vulgar. The young husband and wife, if they venture on house- keeping at all, wish, first of all, to impress their little world with their means and good taste. Parlour and dining-room boast their fine carpets or rugs, pictures, and bric-a-brac ; there is a showy set of china " for company ; " but the mean skeleton sinks into upper closets with the scanty stock of linen, or among the cheap thin pillows and hard mattresses, or down to the bare, comfortless kitchen, with its meagre supply of pots and pans. There are mansions dubbed by gaping passers-by as palatial, whose drawing rooms and state-chambers are marvels of luxury,' but whose kitchens and ordinary sleeping-rooms are scarcely fit to be the habitation of paupers. If our ambitious young housekeeper has any such skeletons as this to hide, or any other result of her own indolence or ignorance, she may be sure her sin will find her out, and that at the least convenient season. Shuni magnificence I never yet covered up poverty, idleness, or un cleanness with its scanty, gaudy drapery. Your fashionable visitor will some day catch a glimpse of the ragged table-cloth, or the creeping horror of the basement ghost harder to lay than Hamlet's father will rise from his cavern in the kitchen sink to walk on parlour brocatelle. There was an old custom among our great grandmothers which required each girl to weave and spin her chests full of under-clothing, bed and table linen, before she could hope for matrimony. Thousands of honest young couples with this provision, a cow, and a clean feather- bed, began life courageously together, and ended it with honour and success. Thousands of their descendants, who are ashamed of them, begin it now with fine furniture and a showy house, and not half the preparation for clean comfort and genuine decency. There are other skeletons which had better be thrown out headlong from the new home that old love affair which the husband passed through long ago, and which he goes back to mope over when he happens to be dyspeptic or out of humour. It lifts him, he fancies, to quite a poetic height-the possession of this lost love, stored away for melancholy emergencies. The best way for his wife to lay this ghost is to bring him face to face with his ideal dream. Ten chances to one she is fat, middle-aged, and frosty, but in any case the new man and woman into which both have grown are most likely to repel each other. There are other cadaverous buried in almost every home ready to bread malaria ; grudges between husband and wife ; sore old family feuds ; unsettled disputes about money. Many people, too, keep a sort of charnel-house atmosphere about by means of incessant secrets ; they wrap themselves in this agreeable mystery ; manage their children, and friends by a system of finesse ; they are apt, too, to possess sensitiveness beyond the comprehen- sion of the vulgar, are always in the abyss of a quarrel, or on the heights of reconciliation. There are no whole respectable skeletons in their houses,, perhaps, but you walk knee-deep in bits of boots Most familiar among skeletons is debt. Qui;'. advice to young housekeepers is to train the, whole miserable tribe out of doors. Dent coddle, them or temporise with them or cover them up, but at whatever sacrifice turn them out of doors. Then only can you hope for honest, clean,, cheerful homes in which to live out your lives and rear your children. 