The Maryborough Tragedy. The Maryborough corrospondont of tlio Telegraph writes : — A man named Alexander Eixson lies in our lock-up, committed for trial for tlio wilful mur- dor of his wifo. The particulars of tlio (JUbU U1U pOUUIUtr. A\L\HGU UUUR WUIllUll named Lydia Quipps camo to this colony by the 'ship-Star Queon, and havo lived in Maryborough as man nnd wifo till within tho lust throo weoks. Then tlioro was a quarrel ; Lydia was driven from tho house ; and next day Eixson legally marrlod another woman. A wook afterwards Eixon's legal wifo diod suddonly. Dr. Little hold a post mortem examination, nnd Dr. Powor in his oapacity- as a Justice of tlio Poaco, hold a magisterial onquiry into tlio causo of the doatli. Eixou was terribly cut up, and could liardly give bis ovidoneo through crying. Ho described how his wifo had been ailing for two or tlireo days, and how the night previous to her death ho had boen disturbod two or thr'eo times to supply her with brandy and a cup of enft'oo. Dr. Little gave it as his opinion that tho woman diod from apoplexy. The onquiry as an ordinary precaution wns adjournod for throo days, tho body was buried, and thoro wo supposed the mattor would rest. Tho night after tho enquiry a man named Adamson, going homo across tho : reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing mattor I nssuro you tho man does liot. Ho becomes fightablo if you but smilo wlion bo narrates his . oxporionce. This is what ho saw, or,: if yon like, fancies lie saw : First, what appeared like a small heap of black oarth. As ho appi-oncliod ho saw it , movo, and concluded it was a largo black dog. Piut it still kept growiag larger, aud Adamson was cortain it was a drunken niggor. Mustoriug all his courage lie walked towards tlio object. As lie drew near lie was seized with a, violont shaking, cold porspirution burst out all over his body, a bundlo which lio wns currying on his shoulder fell < ' the grouud, and his hat roso from hit head. In the foaturos of tho apparitko he recognised thoso of Mrs. Then came a voico, " 1 am tho murgff.1' wifo of Eixson !" Tho apparition uTun placed one of his hands ovor his moutk and tho other on his throat, nnd— j disappeared. Adamson docs not know : how long ho romainod on tho Eoserrc, - or how ho found his wny home. Next | morning ho took his wilo's advice, and f told his oxtrnordinury cxperiouco to tl'8 ; polioo, and thoy growing suspieioif- i arrested Eixson and Lydia Quipp ; Tho wtm an was no soon or in tho poke® offico tlmn slio mado a atatoniont, wlnca she has sinco ropoatod in tlio Tel'86 ; Court. Slio is not in custody, y appears that immodiatoly after 1>" j marriago Eixson took a "down",00 his wretohod wife, lie cohabited -with : hor but ono night. ' Tho remainder ? > tho week of hia wodded life he slept'1 : tho woman Quipps ' lodgings. frequently swore that ho would lmvo the life of liis wifo. On Tuesday morning (March 15), ho loft Lydin at six o'clock, and wont to his gardon to dig her sonio sweet potatoes. In about half an-liour he returned, and while delivering the potatoes, said, "I have boon and dono for my wifo." Tho woman nnswored, " Good God, I will novor spealc to you again ns long as my name is Lydin Qttipps." Tktn he hold lior by tho wdwlpipo, saying " This is tho way I aMt." Afterwards llixaon said to her, "So help my God, I liavo not done it," and left her. A few minutes aftorwards a littlo girl came running to toll lier Mrs. Rixaon was dead. Tho neigh bours deposed that early that morning they had hoard a quarrel between Rixson aud his wifo, which ended abruptly, and that when they were called to -the house sho was dead stiff and cold. In consequenco of this additional evidence, tho body was ex humed, a second post mortem exami nation hold, and Dr. Littlo, on being recalled, gave it as his opinion, gathered from the fc-examination and from tho ovidenco, that the woman had como to hor death by strangulation. That is the case. Jxixon seemed utterly aston ished at the evidonce tho police had gathered, and it is believod that tho vomorso — if he be capable of it — which visited Eugene Aram, will induce him to make a full confession of his guilt. Many will doubtless, sneer at tho idea of Adamson having soon a spirit. I am ready to admit that the apparition only appears to his mind's eye," said m:_id being greatly excited through tin. firing over the circumstances of the sudden death, and perhaps having somo guilty knowledge or suspicion of its origin. But I think nobody will deny that extraordinary and unnceountablo instances of what our Scotch friends would call " second sight" do occasion ally occur. Here is an instance. A few months back I, with half-a-dozen others, was camped for the night at a neighbouring plantation. In the morn ing, at breakfast, we all noticed that tho manager lookod particularly " down in the mouth." We .tried to rally him, but in vain. At last lie told us that ho had dreamed of his father's death in England, and mentioned several who" were round his bed. Wo laughed at first, but one of our number carved tho date in tho weather- boards of tho cot tage, with tho names of those said to bo round the bed. A letter has since been received saying that the father died on that very uight, and that tho names carved on the boards were tho vory friends who surrounded him during his last moments. Perhaps this was only a coincidence. 