CHAPTER XIII.'-"IT IS NOT A POOL'S LETTER." The letter of Mrs. Charles aroused a great con- sternation in the house of Titcomlie ; they did not venture to tell Mr. Heriot of it. Fanshawe went and called Mr. Charles out of his room in the tower, and they all gathered in the bow-window of the drawing-room, and road it sentence by sentence, and talked it over." Marjory was the only, ono .who took no comfort by this mo -ting. Mr. Charles wa« very much cast down for the tlrst momont, but it did not last. " She's a very .silly woman, a very silly woman," he said over and over. " I'm not meaning to vox you May ; but nothing except a woman could ho so silly and so heartless ; abo is thinking only of her- self. However, oh tho other hand, if Charlie had been so bad as you think, she would have been frightened. There's something iu a book l onee rend aboiit having that fever thvico ; the third time is the -God bless me I I cannot remember what the book said." . Tho fact was, Mr. Charles remembered only too well, and was appalled ; ha was struck dumb for the: moment in his voluble consolations. When ho spoke again, he was a great deal less assured in ? his tone. . " Depend upon it," he said, " she is making the < worst of everything. I suppose it is her way, she's,evidently, a silly woman, a very silly woman, and I would say a very selfish 'one. But she would hot run on like that about hersoH and the baby, if Charlie wau as ill as you think." .'Charlie might be very ill, and she might not know it," said AlarjoryjJ'' they might hot tell her they-might think it tco much for her in her circum- stances. Her baby not six weeks old, and her hus- band coming home to --" "To get netter, nay dear," said Uncle Charles, cheerily. " You may be sure to get better. He is young and has every thing.in his iavour; the very sea- breezes would stir him up. I do not think £ would take any notice, my love, to your, father*. It would only worry him ; it will be time enoughs .when you get word from Southampton j and k/jW that will cheer him ! Poor Thomas-poor man . I begin to thiak now that there's some hope for your father, May." '>. " But what will there bo if Charlie-w "Toots, nonsense,JJCharlie 1 Charlie will come home quite well,you'll see,"saidMr. Charles. "But as for you, you're looking like a ghost. I'll go and order the horses, and we'll tako Mr. Fanshawe, out abd show him. the country. We are ali dying .for a breath of air." "1 could not go, 1 cannot go," said Marjory. "Mr. Fanshawe will forgive nae, that I cannot think of anythibg hut one thing. Oh, Uncle Chai'les! have we done anything to bring such misery on tho, house ?" "My dear," said-Mr.Charles, .'the rain and the Bun como on the just and on tho unjust, as tho Scriptures say. Wo are not justified in forming any rash judgment on ourselves." " And we have been happy so loug!" said Marjory ; with tears. "It seemed a kind of reason for all the - misery that was coming how. " "Happy, humph! 1 would not say-there is many things that look like happiness when you I aro in groat trouble, that waa little to brag of when ¡ it was here. But in the mean time, I'm going back ¡ to my papers," said Air. Charles. '. Mr. Fanshawe, my mau, como you with nie, you'll, perhaps, find I something to divert you. .She's bettor left to her- self-far bettor left to herself," ho added iu an 'undertone. "Women-folk are not like us, she'll take a cry and she'll bo better. To bo sure," said Mr, Charles, as he led the way to his tower, looking back upou his reluctant follower, "there's ill men and good men in all the degrees; but I cannot think of a difference so great among us as between, that girl, my neice, May, and the like of the selfish creature that wrote that letter. Not a word, not a thought of poor Charlie, as fine a hid as ever stcjj- ' ped-but all her miserable, bantling ol' a baby, and her weary pol f." "I suppose, sir, when a woman has a child sho thinks of nothing ehe," said Fanshawe, "or, so nt least people say." "Then the Lord preserve my niece,May, front ever having children !" said Air. Charles, striding up the steps of his tower with his long legs, anil with hot but holy indignation in his tone. ' Luckily the echoing of the spiral staircase, drowned tho laugh with which bis companion lis- tened. Fanshawe laughed only from his lips, .for to tell tho truth the suggestion annoyed him. .UH scorned immediately to see Marjory with a child in ber arms, lavishing fondness upon it, while some idiot of a husband looked complacently on. Some- times men love to weave such associations aboul women, sometimes, on the contrary, they are re- volted by the notion; and the latter was Fanshawe's case. He had not gone so far as even to dream ol the possibility of marrying Marjory, or anyone else himself-and of course she would marry some fool, some Johnnie something or other, who never could, never would satisfy that woman's mind. She would do it out of mere kindness, to please him, or to please somebody else, some old grandmother, br uncle, or ancient bore of one kind or another, and drop into a mere child-producing baby-worshipping dowdy; she would be compelled to take to babies, the husband being a fool and unworthy of her Fanshawe listened to Mr. Charles's lecture on the history of tho Fife families with languor after this, making now and then an impertinent observation which startled tlie sage, [TO BK CONTINUED.] 