SPIRITUALISM. TO THE EDITOR. rir — 1 have hitherto been a thorough dis beMtvrr in spiritualism, and havo, in fact, on several occasions, without ghostly assist lace, Micceeded in disensaeine mvself from a ohair tborgn tied up t-y competent persons, havmsr (Ely failed once, when the operator instate 1 on ' yinjr me too tight round the stomach, in which i::«t«rce 1 believe I bad recourse to spirit, bit r.ct til after I had been untied by flsshey b.r.nds: go that was no pcint h favour of spiritualism. Tbw mominir, ho,vever. I must confess my scepticism was scmowhat shakon oa reading your ccrrespcntjpnt ' Pitzsric's' lucid de:crip ttcii f f the way to g*t through a ceilinij. Ko iio-.:bt the hcf/isler ha-? a fair circulation in tb' jpirit world, the fragments cf o'd pipers bfiog co-lected and joined tojathsr as in the ca?e cf n broken ceilic?. Wo'i'd it be a?k»n^ tco £rcat a favcv.r as an cH tuScriber t? a'law rre (vrithout charging as in advertisement) to intimate to any of aar fornwr acqnvlntau3es who nr'jrht bo disposed to visit myt-elt or any of rev family that I should prefer their not coaiing through tc9 drawing-room ceiliatr, :is it liis been newly whitewashed, but, to chnosa samo o*.ber ceilire if they must come in that pnrticv.hr way. If they are caaiinj up instead cf down, tncra h a convenient grating in tho cel'nr on the south side. Visitors to the semnt* ar* requested to gn to fee back kitchen : there is accsss to the ceiling firougb a loese shiEgle. I baiieve tho cat bas a breed cf kittens there stprossnt, which they are requested not to disturb. If Dickeus's works are in spirtual circulation I would respectfully call attention to the advice of tbc ' Queer Client'' t3 the elwst ho found shut i;p in an o'd cupboard: — fi It dc33 appear to ma fcoicewbat inconsistent that when you have the opporl unity of visiting the fairest spots on earth — for I suppose space is nothing to you — you ehonld always return to tha verv places where ycu have been the most miserable. From the aDpearanca of that press I should be disposed to sav that it is not wholly free from bugs, and I rea'ly think you might find much more comfort able quarters.' 'E^ad,' said the ghost, ;I never thought of that before,' and be began to vanish; as he spoke indeed, his legs had quite disappeared.' I would respectfully suggest sotie easier means of access to houses than by taking the ceiling to pieces and putting it together again in the manner explained by your correspondent. Except in very stuffy houses the windows are frequently open, and they might embrace such opportunities, 'I would also suggest how very undignified are the sort of antics they generally play at seuices, and what bad company they keep; &nd; if not considered impertinent would also oill their attention to the fact that they might be bo much belter employed than they appear to be from all the reports we hear of them. I am, Sir, &c;, C. B. YOUNG. [We think our readers have now had as much as they will care for on the subject; and Mr. Young s letter will seevo to terminate the dis. cussion good huncouredly.— Ed.] 