BASOSSA MINING NEWS. - The Lady Alice — The Manager's report, dated 17th July, is as follows:— *' During the fortnight endiag 8th inst. 305 tonsof stone were crushed, yielding 60½ ozs, of gold and about three tons of copper ore. The great falling off in re turns was in consequence of the necessity of withdrawing the men from working: in the old stones in the back of the 160 ft. level south till the stuli is fixed and filled up, when it will be worked more econo mically and will be resumed when this has been accomplished. The lode is split into two parts and much mixed with mullock, so that I do not anticipate as good returns as heretofore. I am now stoping the 160 fc. level north. About 6 ft. of the footwall part of the lode pro duce payable stone, but it is much mixed with mullock, all of which for the present goes to tho battery next crushing (after the one now in hand). I intend to crush separately from the different places so as the better to know the yield from each place. I have now six men employed driving the 160 ft. level south on the lode, which is rather poor, but I antici pate a favorable change in driving a few fathoms more. The same level north is being driven bj four men on the footwall part of the lode and has a promising ap pearance, yielding a little yellow aud purple copper ore and stones show ing gold, all of which goes to the battery. I have two men clearing and preparing to drive the 100 feet level north, where I hope soon to strike the Lady Alice lode west of the western lode. I have also 12 men engogeu waning me new aam, wn'CD is being pushed on vigorously. The amalgam* taken from the battery da Saturday last is 35 ozs., viz. — Ripples, 6 oeb ; barrels, 29 ozs. Tkb NxwTbt Aqxiv. — The manager's report, dated July 17th, is as follows : — ' 1 have to report for the week — that the drive south ou the course of the lode has been driven a further distanco of 12 feet, which makes 1G feet from the crosscut ; there is no quartz in the face of the drive at. present We have also driven G foot north on the course of the lode with vory little quarts in the face of this drive. I must also inform you that accordiug to instructions that I received from you the works on tbe mine were suspended on Saturday last.1' Appropriate Supplication— ? A rather waggish member of a Scotch congregation not a hundred miles from here, and whose orthodoxy is rather more than suspected, having occasion recently to wait upon his Minister, was politely asked to stay for a ' bit o' dinner.' On tho covers being removed from ** twa sma* dishes,'* our friend was not a little astonished at the very meagre fare placed before thorn ; and for a minute or two ^m._-.. A*.«ttl«* 4._lI_m»_ .L...1. aW-«* 4-t««h 4*1 Am-*****vfc«k«\ *V-M lAiriJT VtbrVOU. CMHKZaV UJ vuv V«li £j uacau saying—' Will you a«k a blessing, Mr. G— .' Put on his mettle, however, Mr. Gh was equal to the occasion, and very calmly poured forth the following supplication : — «? O Thou who didst ten thousand feed Wi' twa sma' fiuhea ; Do Thou in mercy look upon They twa sma* dishes. ' For tho' the 'taken be but sma'. O Lord m»k* them eneuoh for a*.— For if they do our bellios fill 'Twill be a wond'rous miracle.' The Ceops. — Tha crops in the neigh borhood of G-awler, so far, are looking well, although the fall of rain has been below the average. Still the crops have a healthy appearance, and with a favor able season for a month or so, a fair har vest m*y be anticipated. We regret to hear, 'however, from conversations we have had with centlemea from the Nor thern Areas, that the season is too far gone for auything like tho yield realised last season. Teh Enoush Mi.il.— The English mail delivered on Tuesday la.it occupied the shortest time in transmission of any which has yet reached the colony— namely, thirty nine days. Doo BBOtsTBATroxs.— We would remind any persons who have not yet registered their dogs this year that the time expired on the 14th of this month, and that they are liable to be fined not less than £1 and not more than £6 for keeping any unregistered dog more than three months old. Bi.ba.chbd Whwt. — We are informed by a large wheat merchant that the different sorts of wheat shipped to England last season, the bleached parcels brought 3d. per cental more than the yellow grain. Tblbobim.— The following telegram, re ceived by a private firm in Adelaide, has been communicated to the press : — ' London, 29th June. 11.25 a.m.— Via Sues — The presont wool sales for greasy wool open at a decline of 2d. per Ib. below the prices obtainable at the last sale ; and the prices for scoured wool are equally affected. The following ships have arrived :— Lady Jocelyn, Duncraig. Pioneer.' Atpatbs xt Wilcaxnu.— We hear that sheep and cattle are suffering severely from the dry weather which lias prevailed and is still prevailing at Willcannia, and that num bers are perishing from want of food. Pro duce, we are told is exceedingly dear, flour nailing at £7 per bag or £79 per toa, and hay £56 per ton. Nuisance.— -Our attention has been called to nuisances committed in tbe gateway, lead ing to the old cemetery. It would be ad visable if a notice was stuck up cautioning any one committing such offence. As the gate is generally used by residents in Gawler East for making a short cut to their homes no doubt after this notice the authorities will see that the nuisance is abated. The Fi-owbb Gabdbn.— The severe frost has proved very injurious to the flower gardens in the North. The lialf-hardy plant* am all blackened, and manv of them will not recover. Plants have hitherto escaped un scathed present a very withered looking ap pearance. The gardens, therefore, have Htue attractions at present, and the lovers of flowers will have some difficulty in filling tip their beds with the choice varieties with which they have been accustomed to orna ment their residences.— Northern Atyu». P&I3IB; Mbat.— -There was a splendid dis play of beef and mutton at Mr. Bright's esta blishment last Friday and Saturday, in fact such an exhibition could net be exceeded ic Adelaide. Alongside the 140 Ib. sheep were nicely got-up saddles of mutton, and fore quarters made to resemble ducks, and the joitsts cf beef decorated with evergreens made the shop have an appearanee as if old Father Chrtstmss had come round already. Hares, wild turkeys, and even venison were bung up, and the display attracted a large sumber of people to the shop. Throwing- Stonbs.— The only ease heard in our Police Court on Tuesday ?«st was a charge against a young lad named Cootnbes, who pleaded guilty to the reprehensible prac tice of throwing stones. Mr. O'Halloran, the Magistrate, said this was a common com plaint, and ought to be put a stop to. He cautioned the lad, ami said the fine would be more severe1 should any other cases of a similar nature come before him, and hoped he would caution his friends to that effect. The fine would be Is. and costs, 22s. The offence took place at Willaston on a dark evening, and the stone narrowly encaped striking Dr. Popham, the boy stating he threw it at a dog. Accidbwts.— Mr. Ward, of Templers, working for Mr. Shanahaa, had a narrow eseape last Friday week- While returning home in a buggy the horse started suddenly and threw him over the side, one of the wheels passing over his head. He was at onoe brought to Gawler and attended by Dr. Dawea. On examination it was found that the wheel had brokeu the left cheek boos and eut through both eyelids, besides gashing and bruising the face considerably. Mr. Ward was very unfortunate, as he had only just left the Hospital before the acci dent happened. However, we are glad to hear lie is progressing most favorably.— Mx. Eraser, living near Two Wells, met with an accident last Monday. He was driving a team, and one of the shaft horses kicked him on the right shin, ju&t; Klowthe knee, inflict ing a nasty cut across the leg, about two inches long, and reaching down to the bone. He iu under Dr. Dawes's care, and progress ing very favorably. Carer kt.— We have been favored by the Secretary of tho Gawler Prince Albert Cricket with the result of last season's playing. They played five matches, winning two, loosing two, and one was unfinished. The highest score that was made in one match was 46 runs, which was made by A. Sweeney, £. J. Mold second with S3, and E. Challea third with 12. The bust average in bowling was made by R. Challen with 89 balls, 11 runs, 0 wides, 9 maidens, 8 wickets ; E. J. Mold second with 75 balls, 38 runs, 4 maidens, 1 wide, 6 wickets. Tho Club was reopened on Monday, the 17th init., when the following officers wore duly eleoted :— J. Ridley, Hon' Sec. j Mr. M. Field, Treasurer} &. Ckallon, Captain; E. J. Mold, Yies-Captain ; D. Griuis, J. Freak, and D. Broderick, Com mitteemen. Mr. J. Ridley then presented fi. Challen and E. J. Mold with a meer schaum pipe each for their past services rendered to the Club. A vote of thanks was proposed to J. Ridley for his past services as secretary. It was proposed that a bat be presented to the bsit average player of this season. New Hadbidbs Mrssroir Sbbvicbs.— As notified in our last week's issue the Rev. J. G. Paton preached two sermons in connec tion with the above mission in the Presby terian Church last Sundsy. In the course of which be detailed the difficulties which mis sionaries had to contend with, and the criumplu of Christianity in tbe islands of the South Seas. He stated that many islands of the New Hebrides group, such as that of Tanna and Aniwa, which had formerly brea the scenes of cannibalism and other horrible practices, were now the peaceful and happy abodes of a Christian and civilized people. Te rev. gentleman related several anecdotes as to his early struggles, which illustrated the superstition of the savage previous to the introduction of the Bible in ihese islands. In the afternoon he addressed the children of the Sunday-school, during which, he exhi bited a few of the heathen goda, the moat curious of which were the finger nails of a departed chief, a particularly precious thing to their pltice of worship. It is to be hoped blltlv OUWU OCIT1UO9 Will liCUU. VJ favTO.fi.iriJ [IUUIIV interest on behalf of missionary effort, as truly the cause of missionary enterprise is a noble and good one. Tbe collection at eacn of the diets was good. A Ghost Stobt.— Haunted houses and ghost stories usually belong to old countries, and indeed the exercise of common sense has served to cause such superstitious fancies to be exploded there. There has, however, un fortunately been prevalent in Kapunda for the last week or two a ghost story arising out ot voe malicious acuuu oi auuiu poiauu who no doubt conceives be is playing a brilliant part when he succeeds in frightening women or children. For some time past those whose business, Ac, has led them to pass by the dam after dark have been occa sionally startled by the figure of a person enveloped in white parsing within sight ; and as Mr. Richards was drowned some years ago at the dam this figure was soon set down as his ghost, Mrs. W. Tuckfield, amongst others, was greatly frightened by such an appearanoe early on Saturday evening cs she was coming into the main street. When she was near the mill office the figure in white rose up out of the new culvert, crossed the road, and entered the plantation. This occurrence gave Airs, rucktieid a very severe shock; ana in addition to those who have been frightened by seeing it, numbers of chil ilren have been greatly fright eied by hearing exaggerated accounts of it. The police spent one or two nights in the neighborhood, watching for this would-be-thought ghostly visitant ; but we presume his ghostahip can. not bear to be near the gentlemen in blue. Practical joking of almost any kind is objec tionable, but this is both senseless and highly dangerous. A shock might in this way be instantaneously inflicted on persons of nervous temperament, the evil results of which would be life long in duration. We understand that efforts are being made to catch this senseless joker, and if, as we trust will be the case, these are successful, we h-pe his captors will give him a good sousing in the dirtiest part of the dam. and a good biding in the bargain. We should bo tho last to advocate an illegal assault on any person, but as this person wishes to be taken for a ghost he should receive ghostly treat ment, and the water test would effectually setue tae question as to tue spiritual or material nature of this nocturnal visitant — if he belongs to the former order it won't hurt him ; if to the latter he fully deserves all the injury he nay receive. — Kapunda Herald. A Hxtndbid Milb Bacb.— The 1 ical paper at Howlong, N.S.W., describes a match as having been made between two horses named Viking and John Sullivan for £30, to run the distance named, and the contest came off on the Howlong Racecourse, John Sullivan being ridden by a boy riding 8 at. 6 lbs., named Howard, and Viking carrying 8 «t. 3 lbs. jockeyed by Willie Boyle. The course 5s exactly 100 yards over a mile, or 1,860 yards in circumference, consequently it ne cessitated a completion of 94 laps and a little over for the 100 miles. Fifty- five laps, or 68 miles and one furlong was completed in five hours and 14 minutes, or within a little of 12 miles an hour. At this stage an adjournment was made, and both hones were sent to the stable, where they were properly groomed and fed. On starting again Viking, as in the preceding laps, led nearly all the time. Sixty - lour and a half miles were completed in fire hours 49 minutes ; 70 miles in 6 hours aad 18 minutes ; and 80 miles in 7 hours and 12 minutes. All this time both horses were going well; but, all at once. John Sullivan gave indications of an approaching collapsr. At the eighty-second mile he began to stumble, and continued so till the completion of the eighty-fifth, when his rider commenced to lay on the whip. Willie Boyle, on Viking;, continued his pace in the same untroubled manner as at the start, and it was quite evi dent that John Sullivan was pumped out, and when the lap was about half over the new owner withdrew his horse from the running and gave the necessary notice to the stake holders to pay over the amount in band. At this time Viking was about half a mile from the starting-post when his rider was ad vised of the resuit The horse was then put into a foster pace, and went past the winning past at a speed that would not disgrace the wiQuor of an ordinary hack race. Tha whole distance covered was 87 miles and 1,260 yards, and the time occupied 7 hours and 64 minutes, or 11 milos an hour. For die sake of the poor horse it is to be hoped that such f zamples will not be followed as the owners of Viking and John Sullivan have set. 