A &HOST; STOKE. Itooc a large room, larnp Broadway, in a irnge old buHding wboie upper sbmei bad been whoOv unoaspied for yean, notatoae. Die place bad brag been given up to dast and eob webs, toaoatadeandslesee. 1 seemed groping anumt Die tombs and invading the privacy of the dead, that 6nt night I climbed up to my quarters. For the first time in my He a enper stmtroa dread came over «: and as t tamed a dark angle of tbe etainray and an invisible cob web swung its slaty woof in my bee and dang there,! shuddered as one who encountered a phantom. I was flad enough when I reached my room and loes-ed out the mould and die darkness- A , cheery fire wss burning m the gwte, and I eat dtnm before it with »cwnfortinEa»n« of relfet I Tor tvro honn I sat there, thinking of tojygope I times; wwiln«ig old eeenea, and anmmooing faajf-forgotten face* out of Hie mistt of (be past , listening, in fancy, to voices that long ago grew silent tor all lane, and to onee (anuntreoags tbat nobody sings now. And aj my revme softened down to a sadder and sadder pathos, tbe shrieking of the wind, outside softened to a wail, the angry beating of tbe rain against tbe panes diminished to a taanguil patter, and one by ooelie noises in the street anbsided, moS tlie hurrying footsteps of tbe last belated straggler died away in tbe dubinae and left no eonnd behind. Tbe fire had bnmed low. A sense of loneli ness crept over me. I arose and undreajed, moving on tip-toe about the room, doinc stealthily what I had to do, as if I were en vironed wnb sleeping enemies whose eiamben it would be fctal to break, leorerea upiii bed, and lay listening to the rain and wind and rbe bint creating of distsnt shutters tul they lulled me b- sleep. I slept profonndly, but hoar long I do not knovr. AH at once I found myself awake, and filled with a ehudoerine; expectancy. AS was itaL AH but my own heart— I eould hear it beat Presently (he bed clothes began to dip away elowiy toward the loot of the bed, as if some one were pnllnig them ! I could not etir ; leaald not speak. SsS! the blankets slipped deliberately away, till my breast was uncovered1. Then with a great eSort I seized dun and di»w them over my head. I suited, listened, waited. Once more that steady pull began, and once more 1 lay torpid for a century of dragging seconds, till my breast vss naked again. At last I roused my energies and snatched the coven back to their place, and held them with a etroug grip. I waited. By-and-by I felt a nunt tug, and took a fresh grip. Hie tug strengthened to a steady strain—it grew stronger and itrooger. My hold salted, and for the third time the blankets slid away. I groaned. An answering groan came tor the foot of the bed ! Beaded drape of sweat stood upon my forehead. I -va more dead than alive. Presently I beard a heavy Jbotatep, in my room — the step of ext etet&sst;, itaeemedtome — it was not like aoytbing fiomam. But it was moving from me— there was relief ui that* I heard it approach the door— paw out wiUiont moving bolt or lock — and wander away among rhe dismal corridors, straining tbe floors and jomttiill they created again aa it passed— and then silenee reigned once more. When mr exe&ement; had calmed, £ said to myself, 'This is a dream, a hideous dream.'' And ao T lay thinking it over astil I convinced myself that it mot a dream, and then a comfort ing laueh relaxed fay lips and I was happy again. I got np and struck a light : and when I found that the locks and bolb were just as I had left them, toother earthing isogh welled in my beart and rippled from my lips. X took my pipe end lit it, attd was just sitting down before the fire, when— — down went tiie pipe out of my oervelew fingers, thebloodfonookmjcheeks, and ffif placid bnsfiung was cot short with a gssp! In the eshes on the hearth, eide by aide with my own bare footprint, was another, eo vast that in comparison mine was bat an infant's! Then X bad had a visitor, and the eiepbant tread waseEplained. I put out the light and relnmed to bed, palsied wito. fear. I lay a long time peering into die darkness, and fastening. Xhen I heard a grating noise overhead, like tiudraejrjngaf a heavy bod; acne* the floor; Uien the throwing down of the body, and the rVa***x -of «tr windows in response, to tbe concnesion. In dis tant parti of the baBping I heard the muffled sUmrniag of door*. I neard, at intervals, stealthy footsteps creeping in and oat among tbe corddoM, esd «p and down tbe stein. Some times these noises approached my door, hesi tated and then -went away again. I beard tbe rianking of ehsins faintly, in remote passages, while it wearfly dimhed the ateirwam, markn« each oav* by U» Iflcee sarplcu of chain Oat fan with an accented rattle upon each inoosedine atep as the goblin tbst bore it advanced. I beard motored sentences ; half uttered ?creams that seemed smothered violently j and tbe swish of invisible garment, the rush of invisible triage. Tben I became eonscuxu thai mj chamber waa invaded— that I wasaot alone. Ibeardsvzbaand bresthingaaboutmybed,snd myaterioni whiiper ing. Tbxeeiitnteeniieimofao&sihasphonaoent; tightsppeawd- wtb«»n1ingdiraiflya»ermyhead, clang said giawed there a moment, asd tben dropped — two of tiiem anon my asse and one upon my pQlow. They apatttred, lijoiliv, and Ikitvhu^rbfaaMn iold me tb^Li toed to goats of Wood as they ian— I needed no ngfat (a aanafr myself of that On tsawpaSid fad, dimly lominoM,end white onlifted hands, loaassgludaMsiltthe air,— ooating asaoasent a^tl«d-appear«g. -B* wWspering ueeed, and the nice, and the sounds, sad a solemn ?dbasHml I vnated, and listened. I fait that I mast ban li^it, or die. Iwesweak snjttjMr. TatHriytaiagdniy.elfta.Md.anaa.1 poabarr, saal sa? ssce caajem tontast wifli v. eknay hand! AH stngtli mm fem.'me, appotntW, aad t W Isscklike aatndonm viM ^SMlhesrAfieriistleera^Seot iteeanedtopasstoiaieaoorandgoont. When everything was noil once more, I crept o»tot bsd, aiek ui feeMe, and lit tie gas wM- * hand that tnanbieds* if it were aged witb a hundred years. Ihe light brought aome little ebeer to sny apizsts. I aat down and ££ into a the ashes. By-*ad-bye its oetSnes began to waver and crow dim. I glanced np and the bread gas flame was slowly wilting away. In tbe same moment I hesrf tost elephantine tread again. I noted its approach, nearer and nearer, alone the mnstf balls, and dsmswr »od dimmer tbe tgbt waned. The tread reached my very door and paused— the light bad dwindled to a sickly Hoe, and aS t&mgs; abont me lay in aepectraltwuight. Xhe door did not open, and jet IfeltifjBtitgBenof air &a; my ebeek, and presently waa eonseiomi of a huge, esoudy presence before me. Iwstcheditwithfaseioated eyes. A pale glow stole over the the Thine ; gradually its dondy folds took shape— an arm Appeared, then Jegt, then a body, and last a great sad face looked out of thevaponr. Stripped of its filmy boasmgi, naked, nrasenUr and comely, tbe majestic Cardiff OHaut loomed above All my misery vanished— fcr a child might know that no harm could come (ram thai benig nant eanntenanee. tf y ebeerfoi spirits returned at once, and in sympathy with them the gss flamed np brightly egsisu Never a lonerr out cast was eo jrlad to welcome company As i waa to greet die friendly giant. I amid, — ' Wly, is it nobody but yon? Do you know. I have been scared to deatii for the last two or three bouts? I jud honestly gisd to see yea. I wish I nsd a chair ? . Here, here, don't try to sit down in tbst thing !' But it was too late. He wss in it before I conld atop him, and down be went— I never saw a ebair ihirered so in my Ine. « Stop, atop, youil nrifl ev ? ?' Too late again. There was Bne&er; crash, and another cbsir was resolved into its oagittal ele ments. ** Confound it, haven't yon got any judgment at«D? Do yon want to nun all the forniture on tbe place? Here, here, you petrified fool ? ? But it waa no use. Before I eould arrest him be bad aat down on tbe bed, and it was a melan choly rain. 'Kowwbateortofawayisthattado? tint you come lumbering about the place bringing a legion of vagabond goblins along with yon to worry ue to deatii, and then when I overlook aa indelicacy of canBme which would not betalersted anywhere by caUavatsd people except in a respectable theatre, and not even there if tbe sndity were of yovr aex, you repay me by wrecking aD tbe nmutare yon can find to ait down on. And why wiS 700? Toodunsge yourself as much aa you do me. You have broken of the end of your spins! column and Jittered up the floor with —^'i— off yonr lis'*f tul tile place looks like a tnsxble-ysrd. You ought to be anhamri of yourself— yon are big enough to know better.'' 'WeU, I will not break any more furniture. But what am I to do ? X have not had a chance to ait down for a century.' And tbe tears came into bis eyes. 'Poor devil,' I aaid, 'I should not have been so barab with you. And you are an orphan, too, so doubt. But ait down on the floor bere — nothing else can enmd yonr weight —and oandes, we cannot be aodaile with you awaj up there above me ; I want you down where 1 can pencil on this high coantmgjkonse stool and gossip with you face to face.' So ne eat sown on Ihe Soar, and Sta pipe 'which I gave fann, threw ens of my red blanket* over bis shotndra, umrtcd tny tntxAsttih on hi head, helmet fsabioii, and made hinMeHpictoree une aad comfortable. Then ne crossed Ins ?odea, ariale I renewed tbe nre, and exposed the 4«t boney-eombed bottonu of his prodigkm feet to tbe grateful warmth. ' What is tbe mater with the bottom of yonr feet and the back of yonr legs, tbat they are gouged np so?' -Infernal eMbkins— I caught them dew up to the back tS siybead, roosting out there under SewelTsEsrin. But I lore the place ; I lore it as one lovee* his old Done. 3sere is so peace forms like tbe peace I feel when I am there.' We talked along for half an hour, and then I noticed Oat he looted tired, and .poke of it 'ISred?' he said. « WeU, I should think so. And now I wu7taQ yon about it, since you have taeatsd me so welL I am the spirit of tbe Petrified Man tbat lies across tbe street there fa theafuaenm. I am the ghost of the Cardiff Giant. I an have no rest, no peace, tin the? htm given that poor body burial again. How what was the most nstnrjl ding for me to do, to make mepaatiafy fiSi wwa? Xerriij them into it!— haunt the place where tbe body lay! Solfasanteddielnnaenm njjgbffar night. I even got other spiiiM to help me. BatittBdns good, far nobody ent ease to tin museum at iffiflnijiglit. Hieu' tt oouuired to eoe to come over tbe way ana1 haunt tins phee alitfle. I felt that if t ever got a bearing I aunt anebeed, lot I bad (he most efficient company that perdition could fnxoiab. Bight after night we ham .Mvemaeroroi tiunsgb time mOdewed baSs, dragging cbaiu, groaniog, whuperittg, trsmping spend down stain. ffll to teO yoo the trm* I am almost worn out Bn$when I saw a Hght tn 7001* nNMn to*fncfat X Hun bit ^afltni Igm .ad went at it with a deal o£tte old freah m Bnt I am tiren out— entirely fagged out. Giteme, rbesewhyoo, c« me some hope !' tlit off my peeeh in a burst of excitanant, »nd » This tr«nsowis«Terya^!r«ryihing that erardldceonr! 1%, yoop»OTM«nderineoM ^vWnaveh^any^^btafcniain, fflupKrAa real OndnT CBant ? in. Albany - Omfbund % don't you know yoor para re mains?' IwemrMWiaiidianeloa^entlaokofafaanie, ofi- asWbinniSi&»B,uiriuuieai«iiiliiliiil-«N| jtotito&iMm; «w**«w*ii.**t,v»a »He«way,«,t3e«ttru«r ' Aa Ime aa I am aaitaa; here.' HetooihU pipe £rom his month and hud it on the isantei, then stood meaolate a moment, (aneoneeioBsly. from old hai-nV tfamacmi; Ins nanda wfcere h» pantateaoa pockets efaoold have been, and beditatirely dropping hsscatnaetria breast,) (sdfiasDysaiaV— ' Well— I sens- felt ao abaunl be&m.; Xbe Petrified Han fas* Mid everybody eisr, and now tbe mean band bas ended by selling it's mm ebaett Hyson, if there is any charity left in your beart lor a poor friendless Paatbomnka me, don't let this get oat. Think bow Joe ?ouUfeeiifyoohadeMdesniianaJsofTOnr- I beard bis stately damp die amy.wiep down thestairsand out into the deserted .Met, and felt sony that be wsa rooe, poor fellow— «nd sorrier *til tost be bad carried off lay red blanket and my bath-tab.— JEarsV Ira*. 