ThSLfeS MM SiliTGrfE§# MADCAP VIOLET.* BY WILLIAM BLACK.1 Author os A Piuncess op TnuLfl, Tj-'HEB Feathers, &c;, &c.; CnAMEn XII.— WALPTJIKH9 NlCHT. On tho very next afternoon Lady North and Yiolet paid the promised visit to Mrs. Warrcner.' Unluckily, JamcB Drummond waa not in tha house, but hia aiator had enough of his shrowd* ness of porccption to soo how little likely it waa that this stop-molUor and step-daughter should ever ngreo— tho one a prim, dignified, matter* ot-tact iittlo womau, v/ho bad a cunoua 7?atcMal and observant look in her cold grey oyes, and it certain affected atatelinesa o£ manner ; the othcB a proud, impotuoua girl, who had tbo bitterest scorn of all pretenco and an amazing fraukaega in showing it. Lady Nortb, so far aa her formal rnauiot would allow, was profusa in her apologioa to Mrs. Warrcner for tho short notico aho had givon her ; and now it appeared that what Violeji' had modestly called an 'At Homo' waa ia reality a fancy dress ball. Mr. Miller had also been modest in tho mattor, and had not told uuniuuua ui Jim uiiviuj; ruuuivuu uu luvimciuil. 'It is so sliorfc a timo,' said Yiolet, ' but I am suro you will como, Mrs. Warronor— and Amy too.' '-' » 'Not Amy at any rato,' said tho gentfo littlb house-mother, with a sinilo. ' My only douMC Lady North, is about my brother. I am afraid a' fancy dress ball would not quite fall in with Ma habits.' 'My dear Mrs. Warrener,' said Violet, wiA tho air of a woman of tho world, ' it dooa not accord with anybody's habits, but it ia merely a harmless piece of fun that even very wise pcopla liko, You bavo no idea how pleased ho will bp ' by tho show ef beautiful costumes. And I kno^, ho will como if you say that I particularly asked' him, Wo shall havo quito a party by oursolvcsV you know— Mr. Miller ia coming,' 'And what will bo h'13 dress V asked Mn»^ 'Warrener. ' I don't know,' said Violet j and then ehb added, with a sort of mischievous smilo, 'Tell him to como as Itomeo. Would ho not look well aa Romeo 1 Now do, Mrs. Warrener, tell him that I wish him to como aa Romeo.1' 'Very well, Violet,' said Mrs. Warronci1^ with a smilo ; but aho shook her head all tho timo : the schoolgirl had not wholly left fliia young lady. Now, strange to say, Mr, Drtframond accepted tho invitation with eagerness and doligh'lr— it hap« poncd to strike- oomo fancy. In a second ho t?aa full of sckome3 of costumo. Ho would go .ak this, he would go aa that ; hia sister must bo. Pharaoh's DaugUtor, must bo Consuolo, must b9 Lady Jano Grey. In imagination ho tumbled all tho centuries together, and played hop, akip and jump through history. In tbo end he waa forced to confess tnat no did not Know wiiac to do. There came to hia aid a practical yotln^ man? ' Tho simplest thing in the world,' said Qeorgij Millor, with a superior air, 'You como with me to a man in Bow-street ; ho will show yod colored plates ; you can havo a dress mado fox you ; or you can seo what ho has. I will go with you : ho will charge you ever so much too macli if jou let Mm.' '?And you— have you got yotfr dress?' asked Drummond, with a modeat air, of this experienced person. 'It is being made,' said he carelessly, 'Iani going as Charles I.' ' I have a niessago for you1 &3 regards that,' said Mrs. Warrener, looking at Mm in her quiet and humorous way. 'Violet was over hero yestorday. She bade mo toll you you must' go *tO tho ball as Romeo.' All the carelessness went out of tho young manio mannor in a second. ' No !' said ho. .' Did bUc really ? It ia nit ajoko?'1 . . 'I havo delivered tlio message as I got it.' ' By Jovo 1 Then I muat telegraph to them t9 atop tho Charles I. dress— oh, I don't care whether I havo to pay for it or not !— in any caso I will go as Romeo.' And then he added quickly, with ft flanh ha hia face, 'Don't yon think tho joko a good one? Sho was making fun, of comae; but what a joke it will bo to surpriso her '(' t Porthwithit was arranged that these throe shbtilcl make up a Iittlo party to go to Bow-stxeeV; 'aiul on their way thithor it almost scorned 03 if Mr^ Drummond had gono out of hia eoriBOs, Young Millor did not understand this kind of tbiBgV' Imaginary conversations between discaidoil costumes about tho charactor of their succeEsivQ wearers? Ghosts getting into a coslumicr'a repository, and having a fancy-dress ball by ( phosphorescent light ? Ho treated such ndnaonfiaj I with impatience ; ho would rather htwo tuutaty I ? * Published by special qn»0£«m£nj WjtUttjO »Sftffl? ''AttiiglitgxegojnLed, ? .»tood clearly vrtiufc drew Mr. Drummoud proposed to wear. v.Th.Cn, eyon in prosonco of tbogravc and puzzled eoslumicr, also ! Young Miller, as a shrewd and practical porBon, [icrcoived tbat tbi.s waa a matter of business, and not a sulijectfor all manner o£ ?whimsical1 absiuditios. Wuoro was tbo fun of bewildering a coctwuitr, when that worthy person was palieutly turning over tuo colored plates'? 'Alercutio,' said Druinmond. 'Is tbat Mercutio? How plump and well-favored bo is. I always loved Morcutio— but I did not know bo was so gopd-loDking. Thoy Bay Suakspea.ro killed him because Uo could uot keop up tbo supply of jokdf that Morcutio needoJ. They might as well Bay that God took and plunged tho rivers into the ooaloBt thero ahouldn't be enough water left on land for a long riyor-course, That's why tho livers always tako Ibo nearest way : and that's why poor old Mercutio was killed.' Now what was tho good of talking like tbat to this puzzled tradesman and artist? Young Miller had continually to keep saying, 'And how much would that bo— in blue satin and velvet, for example !' It was indeed vory lucky for these two that Mr, Miller had gono with them ; for, in tho end, when thoy had finally made their choice, ho suggested an arrangement which lessened the proposed cost by moro than one- half. Tho costumes woro to bo made according to sketches which Mr. Drumtnond was to supply ; but thoy were to remain tho property of the cost umicv ; and only their temporary use to be charged for. Not only Mr. Drumniond, but also his sister, who bad more to :lo withaccounts, wasquite impressed by the business- like way in which Mr. Miller drew up and ratified this contract. k Ono evening that little garden in Cumberwell saw a strange sight. It was nearly dunk ; undorthe ebony and apple trees thore was almost darkness. And what was Ibis tall and silent figure, clad from head to heel in a cloak of sombro red, with a sworJ thrusting out the cloak behind, with a peaked black cap coming down on the forehead, and that surmounted by a tall rod feathor that here and there brushed tho leaves o£ the trees? What manner of man was this, with ruddy shadows under the strangely vivid eyes, with cadaverous cheeks, with pointed beard and curled moustache, and with a fiendish grin on his lips? Then a younger man stepped down from the balcony ; aad behold the youth was bravely clad in blue and silvor, with a cape of velvet hanging from hU shoulders ; and there was a soft yollow down on his upper lip ; and a look of gay laughter about his handsome face. Ho, in turn, was followed by a beautiful and gentle creaturo, who wore her yellow hair in two long plaits behind, aud who appeared in a simple dress of whito, with its tight sleeves and its satchel touched here aud there with blue. Strangely enough, as the three figures walked hero and there through the twilight of tho garden, Mop!iistophole3, Romeo, and Margareto spoke tho same language, and laughed with tho same light laughter. It was thoir dress, rehearsal ; tho solitary spectator being a young lady in the balcony who said they looked like ghosts, and hope. I she should not dream of them that night. The important evening at length arrived ; and Mr. Miller bad arranged to dress at Jame3 Srumraond's house, for ho was quite sure that, without his supervision, Mephistophele3 would be found lacking in fiendish eyebrows and moustache. Jatne$ Drummond was not accus tomed to theso things ; he was a mero child in the hands of young Miller, who dealt with this matter in a serious and didactic fashion. Tho big house in Euston-square was all lit up ; Chinese Iantorn3 woro hung along the covered way leading down to tho gate ; and on the pave ment a large number of people had assembled to watch tho arrivals descend from the carriages and walk up that lane of dimly colored light. There was a murmur of surprise when a tall, eaunt figure in sombre red stalked by : with a whisper of 'Tho Devil !' Romoo was a little' bewildered ; he' was 'wondering how Violet would be dressed ; whother she would be kind or proud ; whethor sho would dance with many people. He resolved that he would not stay in the room if she danced with any one other than bimsolf ; and he already hated that unknown stranger. More brilliant lights ; a sound of distant music ; some servant*, with staring eyes and anxious mann&r.; Mr. Druinmond t.»p3 yotmg Rjaieo on the shoulder. ' You are iu tho way.' ( Ha stands aside ; aad two stnnge creatures go by. ' Thank you,' gays one of them, courteously. 'You have allowed two centuries to pas3.' As yet thoy are but encountering the outward ripples of ths groit whirlpool within. Cloc p'atra, proud and dusky, with golden ornaments pendant over her forohead, come3 out into the cooler air of tho hall ; she is attended by an oxecationer, draped in black, and masked. Who3a ara these enormous 3carlet feathers Bleeping back from tho cowl ? Surely they and the long slashed cloak belong to a High Baron of Germany? There, at the foot of tho stair?, Mary Queea of Scots is chatting pleasantly with & tall youth dressed as chef de cuisine ; beside them stands tho redoubtable Jean Sanstorre, the lights gleaming on bi3 suit of chain mail, his Logo shield and baltle-axe. Harlequin whips by ; the solemn Maxtor of Ravenswood appears with Ophelia on bis arm ; tho mighty-iiearted Bar baros3a and the Fills du Regiment, laughing and talking together, are making for tho ball-room. ' Afl tkov. not Romeo and a Monlarjuc ?' At . the sound of that well-known voics our three straogors turned instantaneously ; what wonderful vision was this— not the Violet North they koosv, but Juliet herself descended in all her beauty from tlia moonlit balcony— her faca a triflo pale, perhaps, but that may havo been the reflected light of her robes of white eatin— her magnificont bhjk'hair looking blacker because of this gleatning dress— Iior dark oye3 full of fire, an;l light, and gladness^-tho proud, sweet mouth partly opened in tho excitoinont of tho moment, and just showing a glimmer of milk white teotu. Young .Borneo wai altosother »7erwLolmed, bliudod, bewildered. What great condescension was this— or - waa she but toying with him : she tho full grown woman still fancying that he was but a youth? There was more of the girl than of tho woman, howovor, in the delight of hor face, in the eager fashion in which she insisted on show ing them whore Lady North was posted, ' Oh, Violet,' how lovoly you look in . that dress !' Mrs Warrcucr could not help saying, in an undcrlruc. ' Can we got up tho stairs ?' the girl said. ' Lady North is on the landing. Mr. Drummond, shall we lead the way ?' Surely Ilomeoand Juliet should have gone to gether. Romoo was rathor silont whon ho saw that beautiful creature in the- whito satin and pearls pass in with the tall figure in sombre red. For a few seconds tho crush on tho stairs kept thorn jammed in and motionless at ono point of tho ascent. Violet turned round ; Romoo was just beneath ; and she said to him, with a tender sweetness — ' How c.im'bt thou hither, tell me! and wherefore ? The orchard walls are hi-;n, r.nil hard to clfrnb ; And the n!ac3 death considering who thou a't, If any of my kinsmen flndtlico hero.' He could not answor — his face flushed red with embarrassment ; but fortunately another upward movement on tho part of tho crowd carried them on again and hid his vexation. ' She has studied her part bettor than you,' said Mrs. Warrencr, with a quiet smile. ' How could I know ?' caid he, almost angrily. ' I did not know sho would bo Juliet. I supposo theso are tho speeches Juliet makes. And one looks such a fool.' ' But surely you know tho pretty things that Romeo says to her?' said his companion. ' No, I don't,' he said gloomily. ' Poetry was never much in my way. But — but if you know, Mrs Warrener— couldn't you give mo a him, or two—' ' I think my brother ha3 taken up your part,' said she ; and then, indeed, thoy heard that Mo phistcpheles and Juliet were addressing each other in very beautiful language. George Miller leapt to the conclusion that there v/as a great deal of exaggerated and tawdry sentiment about Shakspearo ; and tbat, in any case, theatrical stuff should be kept for theatres. On tho landing, and in a recess so that her guests could pass by hor into [the ball-room, they found Lady North, who was vory dignified and very courteous. Her eldest daughtor, Ana tolia, stood by her. What made young Mr. Miller ask this rather plain looking young lady, so tbat his companions could distinctly over-hear, for the next waltz she had free ? He had not asked Violet to dnnce. They looked in on the wonderful assemblage of picturesque figures — sertaiu groups of them here and there in motion— a sound of music all through the place— tho brilliant colors and diverso forms almost bewildering the eye. Tho fair Juliet, her hand still on the arm of tho tall and sombre Me phistophelc?, showed him a certain little pink card. ' I havo not given away one dauce yet,' said she. 'Do you wish me to'ask you to dance?' he replied. 'Yes.' ' IK is Romeo who ought to dance with. Juliet.*' ' I wish to danco with you — or, what is the same thing, I want you to engage mo for one or two, that wo may keep togethor, aud soo the peoplo.' ' Givo me your programms, Violet. ' ' He took it and miuaged, with some difficulty, to put certain hieroglyphs on it. ' Why you have put J. D. at every one !' cried Juliet. ' Yes,' said he, ' that is what I should prefor. But I am not greedy. Whenever you wish to cheer up the drooping spirits of your Romeo, I will set you free. What have you said to him, Violet V She turned tound and regarded tho young man with some wonder. He was certainly not looking well pleased. ' Como, she said, |' I will'take you'all round by another way to tho balcony, and yon will see everything from there. That will be better than fighting across the room. But perhaps you wish to danco, Mr. Miller ?' 'No, thank you,' said ho gruffly. She would take .no-notice of his manner. She said gently ? ' If you will follow us, then, we can go round to the balcony and havo a nice cool place almost to ourselves. Shall we go, Mr. Druinmond ?' 'I am no pilot,' said he, in a tragic voico. 'Yet wort thou as far Ab that vast shore washed with tlio furthest son, I would adventure for such merchandise !' '' Tis but thy name that is mine enemy .'' she retorted, with a light laugh, as she again took his arm and led him away, 'Thou art thyself, though Mephistopliele*. What's Alephistopholcj? It is nor land, nor foot, Nor arm, nor faco, nor any other part Belonging to a man. Oh, bo some other name !' ' We appear to havo got behind the scenes of a theatre,' said young Mr. Miller, with savage contempt to his companion. 'Don't you think it is very amusing,' said Mrs. Warrener, in her quiot way, 'toseo the girl play Juliet so well? How delightfully gracious her manner is !' . 'I thiuk when you are on the stage, you ought to be on tho stage,' said ho bluntly, ' And when you're in a privato houso you ought to be in a private house. I don't sec the fun of all that tomfoolery.' 'Do you mean tho fancy costumes?' Mrs. Warrener asked, with gentle sarcasm. '0 dear no— I mean that poetry and non sanse.' Certainly the small room through ? which they ?were now passing was, in one respect, like the gloomy corridors ' behind the scones.' It was dark onough, but they could at all events see that in the centre of tho room, a tablo was placed which had a white cloth on it. ' Isn't Lady North kind ?' said Violet. ' She ha3 given mo this room for us four,. so that as soon as the others go down to supper, wo can havo our3 in here, in quiet and coolness.' ' By vrhose direction found' st thou out this place '-' asked her companion. ' Please, Mepbiistoiihclea-Romeo, to ke»p to to your own spoeches,' ahe observed, with soiuo dignity. 'That one belongs to mo.' . ? . ? Piom this email room thoy went out on tho balcony, which was hung round wjlh pink and white, and lit up with Chinese Iaiitern3 ; and, . passing along, they camo onco moro in sight of j tho brilliant ball-room at tho open windows of which thoy now stood. Two or three others had ? discovorod this quiot retroat— oppportuno for conversation as well as agreeable on acount of its coolness; but somohow theso dusky figures loved tho darkness rather than the light, and Violot's party, assembled in front of ono of tho windows, was left pretty much to ilaelf. Sho set to work to exorcise the demon— was it of sonia ridiculous jealousy?— that had got possec-sion oE this young man, She had not much trouble. Who ooulJ have withstood the bright ? frank smile, and tho friondly look of her beautiful dark oye3 ? Besides, wa3 ho not in Jnliet's own balcony— not looking up to her, but actually with hor — while thore was no petulant nurse to call her? 'Don't i'ounma to danci aV all to night?' said r,ho. 'No.' ; ' Not even with mo ?' ' Your card b full,' said ho shortly, 'That is but a joke,' she said. 'I askod Mr. Drumond to make sure I should bave plenty fittiaio to spend with my espocial friends ; and Jio took the whole night ; and I am not sorry. I fancy, Mr. Drummond, you think . that dancing would not accord with the dignity of Mephiato pheles, don't you ?' 'fNcryct with his age,'- said ho. 'Dancing is for young Romeo3. Young Romeo, why are you lounging idly hero ? ' Tho younger man was looking rathor wistfully at Violet. He was beginning to be sorry for his sulkinesg. 'Would she forgive him? Was her kindness real ? Or was she only making fun ? ? 'Will you dance this waltz with mo?' said he, in desperation ; and she assented at once. They passed into the ball-room. ' I 'thought you were to dance with Anatolia ?' she said, with a smile. 'She had to stay by Lady North,' ho answered. ' I— I am very glad.' ' You ougbt not to say such things : she is my sister. Aud why did you ask her?' 'I dou't know,' said he ; and presently they were lost in the whirling crowd. James Drummond and his sister had watched them enter the room. They were a sufficiently handsome couple, these two young people, a3 they stood there for a moment together— the slim, square-shouldered young fellow in blue velvet and silver, with hi3 fine features all lit up now by a new gratitude and pleasure, and tho tall, shapely, proud-featured girl, whose hair seemod blacker than the raven's wing in contrast with the gloaming whito of hor dress. After that they were visible but from time to time in the whirl of wonderful shapes and colors that moved to the light, rapid, and harmonious music. 'That is the beautiful time of life,'- Drum- mond said to bis sistor,' as they watched these two go by. ' Youth, health, bright spirits, tho joy of living lifo instead of rheroly looking at it — and yet there is some sadne3* about the spectacle. Not to them, of course : only to the looker-on. They are not thinking of to-morrow, nor yet of middle-age, nor of any doubt or disquiet. Look at thorn— don't you wish you could make this moment eternity for them, and prolong, that de light of rapid motion for ever and ever ?' 'I do not,' his sister said promptly. 'I don't know what you mean, James ; but you are always coupling these two together, a3 if they must necessarily marry.' 'Why not?'1 said he, rather ab39ntly. ' Yon know vory well : the notion of a proud, high-spirited girllike Violet marrying a young man like that— who has got no more imagina tion, or feeling, or mind than a block of wood !'* ' You are novor fair to young Miller, Sarah; he is quite as intelligent a3 most young men ; and he is far more willing to improve himself than any I know.1' . .. ? ' He shan't marry Violet.' . ' You used to like him well enough.' ' Y03 ; because I never dreamed that anything serious would come of that foolish adventure of theirs; Hut now I am sure he means to marry her if sho will let him ; and I think she ha3 a tender, half-romantic interest 'in him at which sho laughs, but' which i3 likely to make mis chief.' ? 'That is how you describe marrias*?'. said he. '?:... But at .this moment the two young people came back— flushed, eager, gay iu sjnrita ; Romeo in especial being delighted, and showing his de light by being anxious to shareit. Mrs. Warrenor must really go in and dance. The flashing by of tho different characters was wonderful. Had she seen Henry VIII. go down? What was thi3 perfume tbey were burning ? Then he wa3 anxious that Violet should give him the next dance, and the next dance, and tho next again. Cut she refused. She . was not going to desert her friends. Whon this present dance was over, sho invited Meplmtopholes to walk with her through the room that they might look at the crowd together ; and Romeo and Margareto followed, the former quite glad and contented now. It is true thnt he had moro rivals than ever. Violet North was known to but few of her stepmother's gue3ts ; but the appearance of the girl was too striking to escape unnoticed ; and thero wore all sorts of ap plications to Lady North for an introduction to the beautiful young lady dre3sod as Juliet. That young lady waa o'Kceedingly courteous to these successive strangors ; but how could sho promise them a dauco, seoing tbat hor car*! was full' to the very last lino! So tho night went by, in music, laughtor, and gladness ; and thoy had supper all l-y themst-lve3 in that liltlo room, tho fair Juliet being queen of tho feast ; and Lily North sata v/ith thorn for a tirao, and said some protty things about Margn rolo'n dross ; and Violofs father lookod in on them, aud said to young Miller, ' Well, sir, bedti running away with any more schoolgirls lately?' As for tho young lady hereelf, Iho li^ht on h?r fac-3 was something lo soak at ; it 30omcd to ono 8itlin3 there that youth lialuo'.hiog more beauti ful lo givo than such a oigut. ' What do you thiak of. it all ?'.' ntio 8aid»to. Mr. Diummond, whon they wont back iato tho ball-room, to look du at a- Blow aad ftlalo'y minu't that was being danced by a few experts, ' Don't you Cliiuk it 13 lovoly ?' ' I am trying^lo think what you think of it,' 6aid ho. 'To mo tho' chief deKght of it is tho dolight I sco in your faco. I bavo never soon a girl at hor first ball beforo ; it ia ft good thing to seo.' ' Why do you speak so sadly ?' 'Do I?' ' Yes. And when I am not by, I see you look ing at tho wholo affair as if it was fifty miles away. I wish you would danco with me, instead of merely standing and looking on liko that.' 'It is for young .Rom eos to danco,' that was all he would say— and ho said it vory kindly to hor ; and indeed at this moment young Romoo did como up and claim the next dance, so that she went away with him. A Jittle time after, when the loud musi ceased, and thero wa3 nothing heard but a newly-awakened hum of conversation and tho shuffling of feot, young Romoo said to his partner — ' Shall we go through that little supper-room, and surprise them in tho balcony ?' ' If you like,' sho said : she was ready for anything. Thoy got out and round to that small room ; tho candles were still burning brightly on tho table. Sho was leading the way, for there waa room bu t for one to pas3, when he put his hand on hor hand to detain her. She looked round in somo surprise. 'Just a Becond,' said ,he, and she could not understand why his eyes should look so anxious. ' I want to speak to you, Violet— I have some thing to say to you — ' Then sho understood him in a moment ; and she drew back, afraid. Her first impulse was the schoolgirl ono, to beat a sudden retreat into the balcony ; her second the woman's ono, to implore him to spare them both the unnecessary pain of a request and refusal. But she bad mis calculated his intentions. ' Only this,' said he, in nervous haste, ' will you promise me not to marry anybody for two yoars to come ?'' It was a strange request ; a declaration of jealousy rathor than of lovel The girl wa3 rather palo, and she was certainly frightened : had she had more self-possession she would have laughed. ' I don't quite know what you mean,' she said. ' I am not likely to marry any ono — I don't think of marrying any ono — ' ? ' All I want is a chance,' he said, and he put both his hands over that one that he still held, while he looked in her face. ' You will let me hope that some day I may persuade you to he my wifo — ' ' I cannot promise— I cannot promise,' she said, almost wildly. . ' I don't ask you,' he said. ' Violet, don't be hard.' She looked at him— at the entreaty in his eyes. ' What do you want me to say?' she asked, in a low voice. 'That you will give me leavo to hope that some day you will marry me.' ' It is only a ' perhaps' ?' she said, . with her eyes turned to the floor. ? . ' ' It is ouly a ' perhaps' — that is all,' he said eagerly. ' Very well, then.' In his transport ho would fain have kissed her ; but he was afraid ; he kissod her hand pas sionately, and said she was an angol of kind ness. 'And then,'' said he, 'Violet, you know I must ask your, father's permission — ' ' Oh, no', no !' she cried, instinctively feeUng that that would pledge her more and more., ' But only as between him ond me,' tho young man said, with the same impetuous haste. 'You have nothing to do with it. You are not bound by that. But. of course he soe3 already why I have become so intimate with tho rest of the family ; and this would only be putting everything straight and aboveboard- — ' 'Oh, very well,' said she, rather quickly. ' Thero must bo no stupid secret this time. And you will tell my father that I have not promised tp marry you— that it is only ? ' ' I will tell him everything. Violet, how kind you arc P 'Come away,' sho said ? hurriedly, and her face was palo. ' You must dan co with Mrs. Warrener.' What had suddenly raised the spirits of this young man to the verge of madness ? He seemed drunk with dolight ; his face afi.ro with pleasure ; his laughter extravagant ; his speech rapid and excited. Violot, on the other hand, was palo, concerned and silent. Whon George Miller took Mrs. Warroner away into the' room, Violet, left alone with Mi'. Drummond, said little, but that little wassaid with an unusual, earnestness of kindness. He would havo been surprised by it, but that ho know how anxiously kind sho always was to her old friends. Ho drew her attention to a strange blue light that began to be visible oven 'through the ruddy awning of tho balcony. It vya3 time they were getting home. ? ' And I am so glad that you have been amu3ad. I ahould have bjen miserable if you had takon all this trouble and been disappointed.' ' Do not fear that,' said he, with a smile. 'To look at you onjoying yourself would have been onough pleasure for any ono.' It was indeod, tho cold grey of tho morning whon theso strange figuroa is3uod out of tho ruddy hall aud made thoir way homo in the now and palo light. Of what were 'they all thinking, now, that another day had come, and the hurry and 'oxcitament of that Walpurgis-night over and gone for ever ? . . . . Oue young man, in a four-wheeled cab, making for Piccadilly, waa communing with himself thus :— ' How hindsome she will look at a dinner table. In her ca30, any way, a man might fairly bo proud of taking hi3 o-.vu wife out for a drive. I wonder what ray father will do for mo— surely something handsome ; and then if hor f^thor gives her anything at all decent, wo shall got on very woll. By Jo vo, what a precious, lucky follow I auu And Bho shau't havo to fear any neglect or unkindno33 from me; Isco too much of that going.on.' ? . In auotlior voliic'io, goin» in aoothor direction, a tall, thin, iuulJla-£-ii0'1 m'^a/ looking rathor sail; worn) and -tired^ waB talking to Mb sister. -But surely not of tho fancy-dress ball? ? ' ? ? ??'?. 'I suppose/' ho was saying, in hja tthsont and dreamy way, ' that Roland, tho bravo knight Roland, never oxistod. I don't inuch .care fiboat that ; for. the man who imagined such- a perfect type of manhood— who, among all tho trivialities and commonplace of the life around him— the breakfasts, dinners, and suppers, tho rising ia tho morning to wash your faco -tho wretched do« tails of ono hour after another— well, I think the man who managed iu the midst of all that to imagine such a splendid figure as Roland was far greater than the Roland he croatod. Don't yon think so, Sarah ? I don't . caro whethor King Arthur over lived ; because a greater than Arthur lives now, and tells us about him. And yet I think that Tristram is tho bravest knight, and ^ has tho most picturesque story, in tho Morbt d' Arthur.' And again— but surely this had nothing to do with tho fancy-dreess ball ? ' I wonder if tho wise mon of Egypt Wished to teach the people a lesson in humility when, they made the beetle an object of worship ? Or wag it a challenge to faith ? Fancy what ah im« posture the owl was as a symbol of Minerva— the biggest fool of a bird you can find. I- suppose owls don't eat grapes ; but no bird but a half blind owl could have been such a fool as to peck at Zeuxis' painted grapes.' And again — but what on oarth had this to id with the fancy dres3-ball ? ' What a fine thing it must have been to carry about with you a sword — the sort of conscious ness, 1 mean, of having the powor of life or death with you. If you wore weak, the sword became a part of yourself, and gave you strength. Novr they go to war with engines and machines'; and I suppose you seldom know you have killed a man. But don't you think that a great' war must loava behind it, in thousands of human bosoms, a secret consciousness of having committed murdor ?— a suspicion, or a certainty, that a man must not even mention lo his wife? — tho half glimmer of a dying face, the horrid recollection of a vague splash of blood ?' In tho house which these three people had just loft a young girl sate alone in her own room, her face bent down, her hands clasped on hor knees. ' Have I promised — have I promised ?' this was what she was thinking. ' How anxious and pitiful he looked— and that is the time that comes but once to a. girl, to bo kind or to be cruel to her first lover. I could not be cruel ; and yet I am am not deoply pledged ? Wo- may find out it- is alia mistake, after all ; and when we are old, I dare say we shall laugh over our youthful romancjj., When will he speak to my father ??' ' Her thoughts took another tura — fled southv ward with the speed of lightening. 'Oh, my good kind friend,' she would have said, if she had translated her fancies into Bpeech, ' Why wero you so sad to- night, and silent, and far away in your look ? You said you were pleased — only to please me. Havo you no one to ask you what you are thinking about, when you look like that ? And don't you know there are some who would give their lifo — who would will ingly and gladly give their own worthless lifo away — if that would brighten your sad eyes aud make you cheerful and happy ?' 