BUZZ, BUZZ.¶BY FLY. (Continued from our issue June 21st.) June, 1887. The company built a large wooden flume upon tressle work properly stayed, com- mencing sufficiently far enough up the River Mersey to give them, by the time they arrived at Latrobe, a considerable head of water, and power enough to drive all the machinery they are likely to erect for the next ten years. It is wonderful ihe impetus given to settlements in the locality, owing to the completion of (the railway to Deloraine and the alteration in the land laws. Many persons attracted by the 'Industry Settlement' from other countries, have settled here for various reasons, and quite a little town has sprung up at Kentish- bury, where a branch the runs off. From the facilities given for carriage, potatoe growing has revived in this settlement, and is conducted in quite a different style to that of some 15 years ago, when they were heaped up in paddocks at the shipping places, sometimes for months ex- posed to the wind, rain, and sun, until they became quite green and waxy, and not at all fit for human food. Just fancy a tender bulb like the potatoe undergoing this treatment, and then thrown into a ship's hold to be trampled by the sailors, shovelled and knocked about at Mel- bourne in sacks, bruised and abused in every conceivable manner, and then to expect connoisseurs like the Victorians to pay a price for them that would pay the grower for his labor. A Canadian who bought a farm at Ken- tishbury in 1879, introduced a new system that his neighbours were not long imitating. He brought from America some new kinds of potatoes, early and late. They are like balls of flour when cooked, are well suited to this climate and soil, and pro- duce from ten to twelve tons per acre. He takes the greatest care of them, indeed as much as if they were apples. They are taken up in fine weather, and are gathered in caes of 100lbs each in the field. Only those free from blemish and of the right size are put into the cases. They are taken from the field and at once placed in a dark store until they are shipped; in this way the arrive at market in per- fect order, where they meet with a pro- fitable and ready sale. One ton of these potatoes is worth for the table more than three tons produced in the old style. I might mention here that the old sys- tem of the settlers shipping to the Mel- bourne agents their produce for sale has also ceased to be—an avenging Nemesis brought about by the agents on them- selves. They, of course, always returned sss| -?» .«? .'Vbtuiit^ ,l^iu-«4nuA0 ^i^irii 'prompt account sales' (save the mark) with the highest 'possible' market price, which turned out in many cases, after months of anxious waiting, that the receipts were not only nil, but they were often brought into debt. Many of these agents have, with their five per cent., built themselves palatial residences and live like princes, and are now jolly good fellows. The merchants now buy at the port of shipment, or at the farm, the produce of the settler for cash down. The settler is thus in a position to invest his money in stock or improvements to advantage, and the merchant can ship to his house at Melbourne, or to his trusty agents, whose interest it is from the extent of the trans- actions to be prompt with account sales, and up to time with remittances. Torquay has become quite a fish curing port, where large quantities of fish are cured and dried for the Celestial popula- tion of the colonies. Twice a week these fisheries send by the steamers 'fish alive' to the Melbourne market. By-the-by I forgot to mention a fishing expedition we witnessed on the passage out. In latitude, I forget now, as I did not put it down. It was just after sun- rise that the captain called out for us to come on deck, if we wanted to see one of tbo new American whale steamboats, with a school or whales in tow, and there, sure enough, was the steamer Mesmeric on our weather quarter bowling along at a tremendous speed, and from what I could make out there were twenty ix, but the captain said there were thirty whales of various sizes alongside and in her wake, all gambolling and spouting. They aeemed quite at home in their new mesmeric state. Who would ever have thought a few years ago that electric-mesmerism would ever be utilised in this manner ? After the first fish is got under the influence, it is all easy sailing, as he mesmerises every whale that comes within a certain distance of him, and each one thus mesmerised acems to have the same power over all others they come in contact with. I hear that the nations are about to put a stop to this style of fishing, as, by the wholesale system, the seas would soon become exhausted. I had not time to call at tbe Don, but I send you a paper with a long letter in it from the Don "own correspondent," in which he pourtrays in gushing language the wonders of that place. The old firm flourish still. They are now resping large profits by the manufacture of casks, since the Australians have taken to boil down their immense surplus stocks of cattle and sheep. Although they work night and day they cannot keep pace with their orders. There was a tea meeting and bazaar at tbe Forth as I passed along. I was be- hind lime, or I should have spent a day, where I was certain to have met many old friends. They make good tea there. At the Leven I did not see much to put down on the credit side of the ledger of progress. The timber within a consider- able dintance has all been exhausted, and the old slab road that was so injudi- ciously constructed some 16 years ago has mostly returned to its mother earth. It was used as long as ever a team could go upon it without repairs, and at this stage the settlers were quite unable to renew it. To repair it was a hopeless task, and the Government dare not build it again, even as a compensatory work. If it had been a tramroad it would have kept itself in repair. The rent of the road would have done this, and the pro- duce of the settler could have been con- veyed cheaper than he could do it with his own teams upon the slab road. Be- sides his teams would be more profitably employed in clearing his land and pre- paring it for crop, or in hauling out tim- ber to the edge of tho tramroad. If a rail in a tramroad gives way it must be replaced at once, so that this kind of road would hare to be kept always in repair by those interested, and the cost of the rail or sleeper put in occasionally would never be felt. Many of the small farms in the back have returned to a state of nature again, their owners having gone to the Kentish or to the new Industry Settlements, where the facilities are good for getting the produce to a market. I did not stop at the Penguin, but will spend a day there on my return. The township is much the ssme as of yore. I did not see any penguins there. I notice lhat the River Blyth had not changed in appearance, neither had thst immense mountsin of splendid iron ore in its vicinity. It has been there now a great many years. Emu Bay is now quite a little town, with Town Hall and public offices. Water is laid on to all the houses from a fine stream which comes down from the hill behind the town. A snug little harbor for boats and lighters formed by a stone jetty run out into the bay opposite the English church. The water here is shoal, and the expense has been only trifling in comparison to the great benefit that is derived from it. In fine weather the steamers come alongside to take in and discharge cargo. There are also two tin smelting works continually at work here. One belongs to the Van Die- men's Land Company, and is kept constantly at work smelting the ore from their own mines. The other is the pro perty of a Ballarat firm, who have four furnaces in full blast; the extent of busi- ness done here now is something consider able. A branch of the Union Bank opened here some nine years ago, and it has been a great convenience to this thriving com- munity, as well aa very profitable to tbe bank. The wooden tramroad laid down about eight years ago, has been replaced with a light steel railway of three feet gauge, after the Fairley system. There are two trains on this line, but they are not able to keep pace with the traffic. I may tell you that the rails were manu factured at the British and Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company's works at Forl l,empliere,on tbo Timir. These works no* tft f«M»(«nTj|ojjd in ihe rnannfuc toreEfateel Wilt tor tie Australian colo nies and Indie, where * rast quantity of oBr-iJIfclifr isWtoHeejSirs. Ttese ,fe cnttrom msMf*ty:)t»wn stringy bark, which is felled in tho winter months and uaoergMf a'cnrlngJpVbsess, wbioh make, it very durable. The aleepers are (tacked iii a largeiron room on their ends, so that diso'porei. of'the timber are rern'sal. Steam is graduallj put on at first, Ar'n increased until it is supor heatedi which thoroughly drives but the sap tlurouRii .Oie topVenfljjf the wood. The sleepers having been stacked on their endsmas6rt_of rsclc upon long trucks placed upon raita,' AHhe end of each truck i- a sJidin/- *wr.. tmj J»f which the sleepers s'redrswo;aiHl srJule.ihry are still Ifbt they are thrown into an immense tank of boilinecoal tar. Tiiey are left in U&l;&Mko; lirtfcss become ufitrntlj cool, to alUnvof theirbeing remored and a'taclied up 'on a sloping platform to drain. Tbis process thoroughly impregnates tbe timber .with the tar as tie fortnereools. . ''fou'intut toot think thst Tsm digress ing frorii toy subject of Bran Bay, for I mu»ttel|jou.*«t'x-Ile ql these sleeper ftcttrics (lYitfatea »t Jgon Biy, and the tar is procured fron»ieolfe works in con' nectian with, the tin -smelling establish ments; ?-?? ??''A ? \ *??'??? ? ? . Tee.FJm'iDieinia'iIauidOoinpenybBTe taken«attern from 'ibeQoteremeBt, and have established f» -'.' industry . settle- ment' on their land Dear the railway at H.mn.hire:Hillf, ^tins, .-hiii.ha. be come a crest success, ana all this adds to JifcJuisfdFis«UiUui»ta»ce WEtt. JKf [could siy,» great deal more -rf this plsce andor.its enlerpri]|iqg Jieopl«. M.tinie Itfd spice presiV*. sol rawtiJtuuleiiSn, rtere are no emu there now. ^ ., ??????? ? J no*ippt6aeb the'tUTer Oun and Table XJapi ' Industry 8.tUement,1 MUbliia'td under theAdW ?pJMi»m«JK Li76.Mdot»bu-hI.madementaM u. the Iratpottloii of this Jefter.- Itaw beea ior.2Sut a forMgW. a«d W» WW Idlef I: wn*«nre yon. ,?*.?»??. »*' ? f6rrnltfht'tebiV pleasantly. «p«nt; . TW| ^.ettlioenf'.haa been »ery jiiiamdj aWftrfaMiytt^-QottrnmcDt. Itjlaflnt Wock. or: raUser two WbekaTof ;«r»ao«a ajcrleultnlij'Una, lyin(c betwrtn the 0»m aaottglis'Hirers. ' ^The V\ttkf #*,*- ti they join at Henrietta Plain. A wooden tramroad runs from the shipping place at tbe River 0am, S.8.W., up the valley of that rirer to Henriotta Plain, a distance of thirteen miles. (The ' Ghost of the Cam Tramway' is now laid. May he rest in peace. This work, for which no haunted the (rovernments of former years, is now a faet accomplished. Poor Ghost, he was before bis lime ; I knew him well.) ilere it forms a junction with a macadamised road frjm Table Cape, which the old world (Cattlrs) insisted on having instead of a tramway. A tramway oontinuea from this junction on to the tin mines of Mount BisrhofT and Uamsay. The de vclopmant of these mines within the last len years is something wonderful, and may be attributed mostly to tbe facilities given by this line and tbat of the Van Die-men's Land Company's line. There are over five thousand Obinamen and five hundred Europeans at work on the Hellyer and its tributaries, and at the head of the Pieman Hirer, all of whom are doing Well' 'Klliott's diggings,' in tbe vicinity of. the ' Industry Settle ment,' are good poor men's diggings, where many of the settlers go when work is slack on their farms. The quartz reef, which Elliott's party searched lor so long in (he Valley of Quartz, has been dis covered, and there are two crushing mills at work doing well. Several rich claims are held by the settlers, who have let them on tribute to some Ballarat miners. A bed or fine slate discovered by Mr Elliott in 1870, and within one and a half miles of the tramroad, ia being opened out, and promises well. The slate lies horiemtally, and has a fioe cleavage. Slabs of any site may be taken out with out difficulty. The people of the 'Indus- try Settlement' are mostly English, Australians, and Americans, from Cali fornia, with a few families of Norwegians. itiey seem all prosperous, very contented, and quitealivototbemaoy natural resources around them. Their clearings are small yet, but they are p ut to tbe best advant age, and having a local market for all they produce at 'a remunerative price, they cannot help doing well. They grow principally oats, hay, peas, potatoes, vegetables, and fruit. They send to the mines every morning large consignments of fresh milk, butter, egg; cheese, fresh pork, and fowls. They leave tho beef and mutton to those who have larger ways of produeing it. The eight wheeled trucks that come down from the Mount, loaded with tin and tin ore, never go back empty. Aa soon as their crops are in tho ground and the bush dry, they employ thoir horse teams in bringing from tbe hush pine, blackwood, and beech logs, for which (hey get a ready sale from parties who have saw mills on the line ; who in their turn, supply the mines, the settlement, and a foreign market, with limber. An immense business is done in beech logs, which are got ont in suitable lengths and straight in tho grain, for stares, They are sawn at the mills, and hundreds of thousands aro shipped to the colonies fcr miking tallow, beef, wine, butter, and treacle casks, and for many other purposes for which this timber is most admirably suited. Two companies of the A mericans and Norwegians build each a vessel at the Cam erery winter, the tramroad giving them such facilities for getting their material to tbo ship-yard, where they hare large open sheds built high, so that all tbe work is under corcr. Notliingialost or wasted in this ' Industry Settlement ;' every crooked pieceof timber is turned to account.as a knee or timber spar fur ma«t, orboom,koel,kelson,p1anking,&c; ,tc. All is fish in their net, and all is turned into money. Every portion of the reascls built here are of ibis settlement timber. Some others of the settlers go in for but building at home during tbo winter under tlieir boat theds, and thus prorido work for the wet weather. Tbe pine here is very bard and close, does not shrink, and ia very tough and strong. It is particu larly suited for shipbuilding purpofes. The boats are sent down to the port on the tram wagons. [To be continued.) [In the previous communication from ' Fly' the Ministry of Taamania were represented as having only £100 per annum. It should hsre been £700 each.— Ed. C.C ] 