TALES. BLACK SPIRIT^ AND WHITE. Bt FK&NCES; ELEA.NOE TROLLOPS, . tw of 'Aunt Margaret's Trouble,' ' A Charming tow 01 * Fellow » &c; &c.; _ j.m nf nnblication in Australia kas been purchased by I* ^ Ve proprietors ot tte -M»*y ifof/.] Chapter XII. I About half-past 4 o'clock arrived Lady Lowry s I £*r friends, the Percival Wigmores. She received I tkwintiie little breakfast-parlour -which ehe had I dubbed 'boudoir,' and which Bhe had made very I jnug and comfortable. I Mr Percival Wigmore was a smiling, Billy, stout I litSe'eentlemaB, who took every means to counteract I hi, tendency to corpulence except reirauung ir^m I certain articles of food and drink which he liked. He I braced himself in, heroically; and wore very tight I clothes. He was rather bald, which also troubled I him And he was turned fifty, which troubled him I lees although it was undoubtedly the most irremedi I able evil of them all. He was, however, an inde I fatieable dancer still ; wore a flower at his button I hole throughout the season; and was never happier I than when he was running on errands for some pretty I wman of his acquaintance. His most intimate male I companions, as a rule, were lads of from eighteen to I tbree-and-twenty. But he had found of late years that I the youthful generation was become 60 portentously I knowing, and 00 unspeakably blase, as occasionally to cart ft gloom over the infantine gaiety of his own spirit. And one ancient person— (his baptismal BRIDGE OVER THE BRISBANE RIVER. (See page 7.) oS?1n5eclared ^ to be nineteen, and his tutor had ChriBtcL8^06!?64 fa getting him matriculated at incomer: *?? two failures}— who believed that HwSr^fJP*11 the Profundity of hisownknow innocenr fr v experience of Solomon was as the civ*i WiW ^,of a d^y. had nicknamed Mr. Per j/ ^more' Toddles.' Wfecf'01^1 Wigmore was tall and lean, with a ^leachkfl 2 haur- and eyelashes of the colour of Wr7^\,?0tton; She ^d -ltaken up' Lady 'totiveifiw. 5e.8aid: and she had eeverafsufficient °»ewwL B so- Intlie firet P1*'* Mrs. Wig avaiW v'*, *° means rich, and she was not above ^wealKXs /**' advantages of fortune which 8 -**riaernf endB v^ Possess-from the loan of ^ Now »f °Per*-box to a new pattern for trim \ ^testabll f i??1^61 fiiends ™*e apt *° display S^SSSi^H688 *» the matter of keejing «i». Perciiraf^r0 ^^elves, and in slipping out of J^sion, x,h*nle'?ae'* ^Sera, as it were, upon ?'*? In ti« A\ desir6d t° m^e use of t0Pttroiu«.»*(,8ecoild P11'* Mn. Wigmore loved ?*? fctthf rJt-n|r ?PPortunities for doing so were j^bv^nT; Pj?*e *?? Wigmore, being con dn*ing this S^ dlfficalt«* to remain inlCondon ^Uaiatanc« ^nn '^ winter, when nearly all her t* *httS T* °-U£ of *-*»? ^d been *4er at a 5?* as a a^StJ'? ?here?lf; and ^d hailed ^dy ^^g at onol i^ 0?eni»g the uncommon advantage tt°aey i^?^11?8111^ tod profitable ; for although i'«sea between them, there were various ways in which (by skilful management) her ladyship might be made to pay. And moreover Lady Lowry was pretty enough, to please and occupy Percival, on whose innocent flirtations his wife looked with a sort of indulgent, half-amused interest, such as one might feel in watching a little girl with a doll. She had not been long in discovering that Sarah, whilst willing to be patronized, must also be flattered. And she com bined patronage and flattery in such judicious pro portions as to' please her friend and retain her own ascendancy. ' Are you all alone ?' cried Mrs. Wigmore, sweep ing into the boudoir, and seizing Lady Lowry's offered hand between both her own. ' Now that is too charming ! I was saying to Percival, as we came along, that we couldn't expect to have you all to ourselves any longer.' Percival, with his glass in his eye, and a smile per vading his chubby countenance, replied in effect that Lady Lowry was not one of those flowers which are born to blush unseen, but that being intended by Nature for the appreciation of an admiring world, no friends could pretend to monopolize her sweetness in a restricted and intimate coterie. But Percival, grappling painfully with the difficulties of the metaphor, Btumbled into such dark no-thoroughfares of parenthesis, and interspersed his sentences with so many colloquialisms of a wholly expletive nature and considerably below the dignity of the poetic style, as to be almost unintelligible to the fair object of his com pliments. ' Oh yes, I am alone. Miss Lowry and Rosamond are gone to pass the afternoon with some people — ?very worthy people, but not quite in our set — who are connected with the family of Sir Cosmo's first wife.' returned Lady Lowry in her matter-of-fact way. ♦' I did wish Mary to rexain at home and hare the oppor tunity of making your acquaintance ; but ehe con sidered this visit an act of charity, and she didn't like to put it off.' ' To tell you the truth, I am not sorry,' replied Mrs Wigmore, candidly. ' No doubt Miss Lowry is a charming person, and all that— delighted to make her acquaintance some day ; but I shall enioy having one more of our cosy chats all to ourselves.' The tea was brought, the servant dismissed, and the trio proceeded to make themselves very comfort* able. Percival partook copiously of the strong, fragrant tea, and devoured large quantities of sweet cakes with a tender and sentimental air. ' And what, my dear,' said Mrs. Wigmore, setting down her tea-cup, and sinking luxuriously into her cushioned chair, 'what is going on about Lowry Place?' 'Well, I haven't. had an opportunity of saying anything to Mary about it yet ; but I suppose she will make some arrangement with (Joboio, and we shall have to pay a handsome rent to live in our own house. For really and truly, in a moral point of view, it w our own house. Don't you consider bo r' ' Oh, 1 have no patience to think of it !' exclaimed Mrs. Wigmore, indignantly. ' But is it absolutely necessary that you should go there at all ? Couldn't : you employ stewards and people to look after the estate?' ' No !' said Sarah, resolutely. ' That wouldn't do at all. Cosmo must be at Lowry for some months of : the year ; I've made up my mind about that. As to ; farm-bailiffs and those sort of people, I know what — at least I've always been told that they want looking after.' f Ah! well perhaps you. are right. But as to Miss Lowry, now — surely, surely she will not drive a bargain with her own brother ! ' ' Oh yes she will,' returned Lady Lowry, nodding her head emphatically. ' She has got her lawyer to settle the terms.' ' Bargain with her own brother ! I never heard of such a thing.' ' Oh, begad I have though ! ' put in Percival, earn estly. ' Why, look here, my brother puts the screw on no end whenever I have anything to do with him. Brothers ! Oh, that's nothing ! I'd rather make a deal with anybody almost— for a horse, or anything you know — than with Wigmore.' ' This is an entirely different matter, Percival. Here a question of— of— of family sentiment is involved,' said Mrs. Wigmore. It will be perceived that Sarah had been very con fidential with her new friends . Her confidences, how ever, like those of a good many persons, were limited to confessing other people's faults and shortcomings, which fhe did with much candour. She had been strengthened in her indignation against the tens of Sir Rupert's will by the enthusiastic sympathy of Mrs. Wigmore. But she had not as yet confided to that lady her notion that Sir Rupert bad at the last moment intended to alter his testamentary arrange- : ments, and still less had she hinted the other notion, which was slowly taking shape in her mind, that Sir Rupert probably had altered them, and that his very ; last will and testament was yet to be discovered. ' And how is Sir Cosmo ? ' asked Mrs. Wigmore, in a manner which could not have bees more ex- '. pressive of indifference if she had prefaced her inquiry with ' Oh, by the by !' ' Cosmo is very well, thank you.' 'Is'pose he's at his club, eh?' said Percival. ' Borne men are so fond of goin' to their club, don't you know ? I belong to a club, but I hardly ever go there. Mine is such a 6toopid club, somehow. There's never anybody but old fogies.' ' No ; I believe Sir Cosmo is at home,' returned my lady. ' But I never can get him to come to my boudoir for afternoon tea. He doesn't go much to his club, though, either.' 'No, really! What does he do then?' asked Percival. . 'He passes hours and hours in his library. He studies a great deal,' replied Lady Lowry, with dignity. ' No, really ? What -does he study ?' ' ' Dear Percy, please don't be a bore,'' interposed Mrs. Wigmore, playfully. She perceived that Lady Lowry was greatly at loss to particularise the Bubject of her husband's studies. And indeed at that very moment Sir Cosmo was seated in an easy chair, with his slippered feet reposing on another chair in front of him, smoking a big cigar, and perusing the Field newspaper. 'And now, my dear child, tell me, have you thought over what I was saying to you the other day ? That affair, you know, that I eaid I thought might be managed?' said Mrs. Wigmore, drawing near to her hostess, and patting the back of her hand in a manner expressive at once of familiarity and supe riority. ' What r' asked Sarah, in her deep voice and open ing her eyes very wide. It was not easy to be on airily playful terms with our good Sarah, nor to establish with her a code of those mysterious hints — verbal hieroglyphics — in which some women love to communicate with their friends. If you did not say what you meant in the plainest terms, it was ten to one that Lady Lowry would not unde- stand you; and — which was much more inconvenient and disconcerting — she would bluntly declare that she did not understand you. Thus there was rendered necessary a prosaic and jog-trot explanation, in the presence, very likely, of exoteric beholders, for the dazzling and bewilderment of whom the verbal hieroglypliics were chiefly in tended, and who were often surprised to find that the matter in hand was after all of a simple and every-day nature, patent to all and sundry. On the present occasion, however, there were no exoteric persons, no profane vulgar, to be considered. So Mrs. Wigmore simply answered straightforwardl)-, ' Why, about Dr. Flagge, the medium, you know. He would give you a seance at your house if I asked him, because he is anxious, for various reasons, to oblige us. Otherwise, it is not altogether easy to have him.' 'Oh!' said Sarah, slowly, 'the spirit-rapping man ? Well, I don't know, Mrs. Wigmore. I can't feel sure that it isn't wicked.' ' Oh, it's all right enough, Lady Lowry,' exclaimed Percival, jauntily. ' Greatest fun in the world ! We had a seance ' — the Honorable Percival pronounced the word 'eayuns' — 'at the Dablejs the other evenin'. They put the lights out, and the young Dableys kicked up no eaa of a row. Look* here, they actehally crowned old Uanbury St. Cross, who believes in it all awfully, with a wreath of artificial roses like they wear in the ballet, don't you know ? — 6tuck it on the top of his wig, by George !' And at the mere remembrance of this exquisite plea santry, Mr. Percival Wigmore was oveicome with in genuous glee. ' Oh, but I shouldn't like anything of that kind,' said Sarah, looking at him solemnly. ' No, no, my dear; certainly not,' said Mrs. Wig more. ' Percival, how can you be bo absurd ? You know it was all nonsense the other night, got up by those Dabley boys. It is a very, very different matter with Dr. Flagge, as you very well know.' ' Oh, yes, of course : Flagge' s different. It was— in short, sheer larking at the Cable vs,' responded Per cival, screwing his glass tightly into his eye with sud den gravity. 'You have no conception, my dear,' continued Mrs. Wigmore, ' of the excellent advice you get, or the uwKJer/uZthingByouBee. I admit that some of these mediums are not exactly what they should be. And then — very naturally — they attract a l«w eort of spirits ' ' Dooced low,' put in Percival, ' not an ' h' among the whole box and dice ot 'em.' 'But Dr. Flagge'8 spirits are of a different order.' ' I don't think! should like to sit in the dark,' said Sarah doubtfully. 'I should be sure to be frightened.' ' Oh, there's nothing to be afraid of, Lady Lowry It's awfully amusin' ; really it ie,' Eaid Percival. lie had had some vague intention of one? more attempting the poetic vein, and insinuating with graceful hyper bole that, wheresoever the sunshine of Lady Lowry's eyes beamed, total darkness could not prevail. But he felt that it was scarcely possible to do justice to so bold and novel an image in an impromptu speech : and, besides, he reflected that if any dark 6eances were arranged to take place in Green- street, he sh -uld have leisure to work out his conception, and a most favourable opportunity of uttering it when it was worked out. 'There is no absolute necessity for being in the dark, my dear child,' said Mrs. Wigmore. ' Percival, 1 wish you would allow me to discu6s the matter seriously, if yo i are too frivolous to do so yourself. — It is true, dear Lady Lowry, that you don't obtain tue higher and more remarkable manifestations in the light. But I am sure you will soon be so interested that you will lose all feeling of nervousness, and will enjoy the dark seances as much as anybody.' s«a-ah looked at her guest with her own peculiar, stolid simplicity. ' I thought it was Guch a silly thing, spirit-rapping,' she said. ' I never imagined that the aristocracy took it up ! ' ' Oh, tr-at'B nothing ! ' exclaimed Percival. ' As to silly things— look at Aunt Sally ! Perfect rage at one time. Fellows are always wantin' somcthiu' to do, don't you know r' ' Upon my word, Percival, our own order is hichly obliged to you ! ' exclaimed his wife with sarcastic emphasis. To do her justice, she was not in the habit of making such magnificent speeches. But she felt tint strong methods were necessary with Lady Lowry, and that de'ieate innuendoes a6to the birth and stand ing of the Wigniores would be lost on her. ' Well— and have you to pay this Dr. Flagge *' asked £arah, after a pause of reflection. ' Y— yes ; I believe he usually expects — I suppose it is necessary in most cases ? ' ' Oh, come now, Alexandrina,' cried her better half, moved by repeated snubblngs to assert himself, and r.ot to pass for an utterly insignificant person in Lady Lowrv's pretty blue eyes. ' I do know about that ! Look here, he's about one of the dearest of 'em all! And as to ? supposin it's necessary' — well all I can say i3, that, if you don't pay him, the thing won't work. Because I know, the 1'etheringtonB, they felt a delicacy about offerin' him money because he'd been i troduced as a friend, or something, and they'd asked him to dinner ; and soon as ef er Flagge got scent of it the spirits rapped out ? Pay Obadiah ten guineas.' I'll declare they did, like* a shot! And the Petheringtons paid 'eon too.' ' Ten guineas ! ' cried Lady Lowry, with a look of genuine consternation. - ' Oh, my dear, you must not take all Percival's rattle as sober earnest. (Do be quiet, Percy.) ? As to \ the fee it could be arranged. The Duchess of Bel- - t ir'iet spoiled one or two of these people by giving 1 t urn extravagant sums. But we're not all Duchesses of If jlturbst. And besides, in Flagge's case, the tiling is different. I know that if Dr. Flagge becomes interested in people, and finds them in earnest, he f very often waives the money question altogether.' ' Docs he r' ejaculated the irrepressible Percival. i ' Well, if Lady Lowry gets him to come here, and r don't pay him, you'll see how it'll be. That's all I have to say. I shouldn't like anything unpleasant to s happen in Lady Lowry's drawing-room, but if you go I waivin' the money question with Flagge the fellow g '11 turn cheeky as likely as not, and have to be kicked or something.' I Finally, however, it appeared that T)r. Flagge— r being still encumbered with a body which required to I be clothed and fed— was in the ha-dt of making a s charge for his services as a medium, which charge 6 varied with varying circumstances. And Mrs Wig- t more expressed her conviction of being able to secure o mm aiix cneap ior Tier oem fiiond i~«Ay T-owry. t ' The fact is,' she said, ' Dr. Flagge isn't known yet. t lie's a most interesting creature. lie lived ft r years 1 amongst a tribe of Mexican Indians — or was 'it in i Oregon ? Well, no matter ! I know he wore niocas- i Bins and wampum and war-paint. And for a long i time after his return to civilization he couldn't endure ] to Bleep under a roof. I believe he talks their language | when he's in a state of trance. Of course nobody 1 understands a word of it. It is so interesting ! But i lie arrived when the season was over, and he is very anxious to get taken up b}r a good set rest year. - Now I have the power to help or hinder him as it 1 happens ; and he will strain a point to oblige me ' i ??I shouldn't like to go beyond a guinea,' said Sarah, with much decisi n of manner. -l And I 1 shouldn't consider he was doing much of a favour at i that.' ] And then Mrs. Wigmore undertook to n gotiate t with the Doctor on that basis. ' That is to say,' she i sail, 'Percival will do it for you. He iB not a bad ] liand at a bargain. And if your fair ladyship will s deign to employ him in your service, he will be in the i seventh heaven. You see I am too magnanimous to ] be jealous, though I really beJieve I ought to be.'' 1 Sarah's cheeks grew three shades redder than i usual. But she did not dislike the implied compli- i ment. And although a year ago she might have i deemed such raillery about married persons im- c proper, yet her provincial prejudices were not so in- f flexible that they could not be made to yield to certain 1 emollients. 1 When he took his leave Percival bent o^er my lady's hand with infinite gallantry, and said, ?* Now, do let ? me have the pleasure of eettlui' it for you 1 I know ] how to take these fellows, don't you know ? There's i a great deal in that. And, look here, if you'd like a ? pug— nearly pure Dutch, with a Icclfe strain of bull i in him — I know where there's a regular beauty to be , picked up — quite a lady's dog.' The Wigmores before they went away had fixed an evening on which the famous Dr. Flagge was to be brought to Green-street, to initiate Lady Lowry into the mysteries of ' spiritism.' The arrangement was one which Mrs. Wigmore had long had at heart, tthe was interestei in these manifestations by a : variety of feelings— curiosity, the craving to be amused, and a dash of superstition ; and not being : able to afford to pay for them herself, it appeared to ; her an excellent inspiration to use Lady Lowry's house : for the purpose r-f holding seance3. 'It will 'be doing n favour to that little Lowry woman,' said she to herself; ' for I do believe there is something in it !' *i Chapter XIII. The Peppials' residence in Nelson-place on that same afternoon could not be said to be an abode of quiet. In addition to the external war in the street, ] the interior resounded with a variety of conflicting i nois?s which, heard all at bnpe, werebewildering to a-.i unaccustomed ear. Mary Lowry, as she stood at i tie open door with her card-case in her hand, was - unable to hear the servant's reply to her inquiry ' whether Mrs. Peppiat were within. . But Rosamond j raa forward, and pulled her aunt into the back par- i 1 )ur to whi..h we have already been introduced. ' It's 3 all r'ght, Aunt Leonora will be here directly,' she ] said, and installed Mary in .the most comfortable seat i in the room. ' ' , It must be confessed that Miss Lowrv felt a certain shock of surprise, and of something very like repul- I sion, at the sights and sounds around her. Eve-ything I was so utterly different from aught that she i had imagined beforehand. She knew that the Pep- i piats were poor ; but she had not formed any clear conception of the conditions of poverty in a crowded London street. Mrs. Scarsdale, the* naval officer's widow who lived at Clevenal, was also poor; but be tween her pretty cottage, wiih its kaleidoscopic garden beds, white muslin curtains, and pervading fragrance \ of lavender, and Number Five, Nelson-place, Blooms bury, there was no sort of comparison possible. They might have been in different planets. The parlour in which Mies Lowry 6 at was clean. But a dingy hue overspread everything. The window looked out on a black brick wall, about six teet distant from it. In stead of the fragrance of lavender, the rjom was haunted by the ghosts of departed ciga s. And a con fusion of discordant noises was substituted for the chirp of birds and the peaceful murmur of the woods of Clevenal. ' What w going on, Rosamond V asked Mary. ' I never heard such a dreadful noise !' ' Oh, I suppose it is the lodgera practising. There must be some new people on the first floor. That growling noise is the German gentleman in the front parlour. He is learning the harmonium, and he always seems to p'ay the bass notes more than any other. It makes Juno whine terribly when he pulls out that quivery stop — I forget what it is called. They have shut her up in the back kitchen, I know, Eoor doggie! But I can hear her protesting against [err Schulze's music, cant' you r ' ' I scarcely know what I hear ; but there seems to me to be a deafening confusion.' 'I'll shut the door tight, Aunt Mary, and then it won't be so bad.' In fact the shutting of the door muffled the sounds a li tie. And in a minute or so, the voices overhead ceased, thus causing a diminution of noise which ' almost seemed to be silence by comparison. And then Mrs. Peppiat came bustling into the room. 'My darling child!' she cried. 'Dear Miss Lowry, how sweet and good of you to come and see i us ! 1 had some hopes that you would do so, although i Northam did not encourage me in them.' ? j ' Of course I should come to see you. How could j you doubt it ? ' answered Mary, taking Airs. Peppiat's i proffered hand. ' Well, I scarcely did doubt it. But I think it i verv, very good of you to come, all the same.' _ i 'She is good ! ' 'exclaimed Miss Rosamond deci sively. ' 1 believe that aunts and uncles a e the best people in the world. Where is dear Uncle Pep r ' The Captain had gone out, but there were some hopes that he might return shor ly. 'And who ae the new lodgers in the drawing- : room ?' asked Rosamond. '. ' Why, you would never guess, Rosamond. The i Czernovics ! I was persuaded to take them to oblige 1 —somebody. They are only to be here for a week 7 until they can find a house. 'And as my rooms were i smpty, I could not well refuse. But at this moment J ;here is some one else with them.' - ' Not Nona f' ' ' Yes, Nona ; I -have just been upstairs to see her.' s Rosamond jumped up in her usual impulsive ] ashion, and declared that she must go and see her too. ^ ' Well, I don't know,' said Mrs. Peppiat, looking 1 loubtfully at Mary. ' Perhaps Miss Lowry might i tot approve ? ' ; But Mary at once declared that she should be quite i ure to approve It ?eamond's doing whatever her Aunt i jeonora thought right. And the permisii.n was ! iven. ' 'I do not believe it can do the least harm, Miss i iowry,' said Mr3. Peppiat when the girl had left the J oom. ' Lady Lowry, I understand, is afraid of « tosv's keeping up connections that might not be i uitable for her in her altered circumstances. But i he forgets that there are two parties to 1 hat question. People who love the company 1 if finer folks than themselves are apt to fancy that £ -v-?ry r.n« eloo is equally eager for it. Butso far ail s :an learn — I wouldn't- say -this before Rosy, you ! mow ; it would not be right to di eo, of course — but t really, from all I hear, I think most of our friends - ivould find Lady Lowry a much greater bore than she ] ivould find them.' And Mrs. Peppiat laughed good- i Mimouredly. To be quite honest, this idea had not - presented itself to Mary before. But she could not 1 lelp acknowledging by a smile that it was not a ^ wholly unreasonable one. t ' As to any association with the Czernovics, that is 1 juite out of the question. Rosy would be as likely i ,o associate with lied Indians. But Nona is dif- i 'erent.' 1 Mary ventured to ask who the Czernovics were, i they were, it appeared, a family of wandering singers s ivhose nationality was doubtful. 'Some say they are ] Moldo-Wallachiins,' said Mrs. Peppiat. ' They call ;hemselves Russians generally. I believe the mother '- s Russian, and the father a G erman who has half i Russianized himself. But they have wandered '-? ill over the world, and don't seem to belong to iny place in particular. They arc not bad s people, poor souls. But you must not suppose, - Hiss Lowry, that I would ever have suffered Rosa- c nond to be on familiar terms with such people, even i f we had been so ourselves — which we are not. I * leed scarcely tell you that my husband, your brother's e )ld comrade, is a gentleman. Perhaps the in- i brniation might not be sup- rfluous to Lady Lowry.' J ynd again Mrs. Peppiat laughed, but this time a ittle more drily. Mary was becoming by very rapid degrees com- x jletely at her case. And it could not be said that she i a.ad been so in the first shock of entering the house. 1 Mrs. Peppiat's manner had greatly reassured her ; it was, eo far as outward conventionalities go, neither i better nor worse than the manner of the great majority of Mary's hitherto associates. If Mrs. Peppiat had - been the wife of the Yicar of Clevenal, or the member ; for the county, Mary wa6 Bure that no one would 1 have detected any incongruity between her 1 behaviour and her position. And then Leonora i Peppiat had a heirty, cordial tone of voice, and a 1 bright sincere smile on her homely features which made her very plcasan'. There was much in Mrs. ] Peppiat's life and surroundings wliich, as Mary j instinctively felt, might have availed to make a low i nature lower still. But thorough hone3t-mindedne=8 ' is- a powerful antiseptic. ' I must try to tell you, Mrs. Peppiat,' Bald Mary, ] ' how grateful I am — we are, to you for your affec- ? ' donate care of Rosa nond.' ] ' You find her a dear child, don't you ? I wa6 sure 1 you would love her.' . - ' And then you have had her so well educated. I i wonder ho w it was possible - — ' ' Miss Lowry checked herself. But Mrs. Peppiat finished the sentence quite 1 unconcernedly. j ' llow was it possible for us to afford it? Well, ' under ordinary circumstances, I don't see how we - ;ould have managed it : for we are— not wealthy, as 1 jou perceive. But we knew a great many protessisnal persons who were all willing to help us. Music and foreign languages seemed to cost nothing at all. And [ got a good governess to come and teach her £ng- ' j lish. Then Northam looked after the arithmetic, and ] 90 forth. So that amongst us all Rosamond is not - ijuite an ignoramus.' ! Mary had preached to Mr Flint against pride of 1 birth ; and she believed that she had none. Never- j thel66s it did strike her as being a sh eking and ! t amazing thing that a daughter of the House of Lowry i should have beea educated by the charitable assist-ft ance of professional teachers ; whereas, if the case had been that of Mr. and Mrs. Peppiat's own chili, her mind would have dwelt only on the good and plea sant aspects of f e matter. ' It was very kind of your friends,' she said. ' But surely — did Cosmo know of this :' ' Well,— to 6ay the truth, your brother never in quired into the details of Rosy's bringing up, Miss Lowry. He must have knovra, however, that the sum lie was able to send every year was utterly in sufficient to pay for the child's education — I do not speak of an education befitting Sir Cosmo Lowry's daughter, but any decent teaching at all.' Mary flushed red to the roots of her hair. 'How good you have been, Mrs. Peppiat,' she exclaimed. 'How very gcod !' Cosmo had not been without some twinges of wounded pride, caused by the same considerations as those which p esented themselves to his sister. But in him the twinges had operated to make him not only avoid the subject, but avoid the Peppiats altogether, as the easiest method of getting rid of an unpleasant sense of obligation. 'Nonsense, my dear!' returned Mrs. Peppiat' ' Northam and I have looked on Rosamond as our own child. Northam has felt her loss very much, Miss Lowry. He i6 very tender-hearted. But it is a comfort to us both to know that Rosamond is in some measure under your care. For, although Lady Lowry may intend to do her duty, we fancy — you will forgive me for speaking so plainly — that she is a person of blunt feelings, and rather a coarse mind on some points.' Oh, thou genteel and injured Bolitho, hadst thou but heard this ! 'Blunt feelings' — Coarse mind!' The favourite pupil of a Bolitho. The wife of a baronet— a real baronet, whose name and age might be read set down in clearest print within the red bound pages of the 'British My ihology !' But yet on second thoughts thou ie aystbs pacified, my Bolitho, and let Gentility resume her sway over thy milled features. The assertion is made but by a person who lets lodgings in Bloomsbury, and we can afford to treat it with disdain. Mary thought it prudent to change the subject of the conversation, and began to make some inquiries a^out the girl whom Rosamond callel 'Nona,' and whom 6he had gone upstairs to see. Mrs. Peppiat willingly narrated all that she knew of her history, which was briefly this : The girl's real name was CEnone Balassopoulo, but as that appellation was found inconveniently cumbrous by English tongues, it was usually abbreviated to Dalasso. Her father was a Greek merchant, her mother— well, much was not known about her mother, but she was supposed to be a Hungarian opera singer, who passed under an Italian name. (Enone's infancy md childhood had been spent in wandering about Europe with her mo:her ; and the wanderings had sxtended even beyond Europe. Her mother died at Prague when she was still little more than a child, ind, through some circumstances of which Mrs. Peppiat had only a vague knowledge. CEnone wras placed under the care of the Czemovics io be brought to England. They had faithfully 'ulfilled iheir trust, and had put the girl into in excellent school, in accordance' with her father's Jistructions. He had furnished them with a sum of noney sufficient to defray her expenses to England, md to last her a month or two longer. But when the irst quarter's payment at the school became due there ivas some difficulty. However, some money did irrive before -the schoolmistress had lost patience ; ind further sums continued to come at very capricious ntervals. Signor Balassopoulo ha 1 been established n Odessa when last heard from, but was supposed to lave migrated thence to Turkey in Asia. In short, lis whereabouts was as uncertain as his remittances, md it was impossible to dun him, even by letter, in ismuch as communications addressed to ' Signor Spiridion Balassopoulo, Turkey in Asia,' could scarcely be expected to come to hand. Whenever the Dzernovics did not hear from him for five or 6ix months, they regularly made up their minds that he ntended to abandon CEnone to her fate ; and when ever a remittance did come, they as regularly remade up ;heir minds that Balassopoulo M-as about to turn up ivith a fortune and make (Enone an heiress. These see-saws of conjecture, however, made no difference to ;he kindness of their behaviour to (Enone, whichever ilternative kicked the beam. Meanwhile, the girl had low been more than three yea;s in England, and was Decome a really accomplished joung lady. Rosa nond had become acquainted with her at the house of i professor of music whom CEnone assisted in giving :iis less ns. To Mary Lowry the whole story was utterly istonishing. 'And what would become of Made noiselle Balassopoulo if her father were to desert her iltogether ?' she asked. ' I believe,' answered Mrs. Peppiat, 'that so long is the Czernovics had bit or sup, Nona would be wel :ometo share it. But she is such a wonderful musi cian that she -will soon be able to earn her own living. She plays the piano remarkably already, although ihe is but seventeen. And good judges tell me that ihe bids fair to be famous. A strange girl, but ntere6ting and clever. Would you like to see her, iliss Lowry r' Mary said that she should like it very much. 'Thenl'will.send for her. Or, perhaps— would you nind coming upstairs ? The Czernovics would sing to I'ou with pleasure, and their part-singing is really worth hearing.' ' Oh, but I should not like to— to intrude. Would it not be taking a liberty to ask them r' ' Not at all ! If that'is your only objection, I can set it qute at rest. They are really only half-civilized, rou know, and not at all the sort of people I like to tiave in my house— you heard me tell Rosamond how they came to be here ! But there is no harm in them, ind they are good-natured and grateful. Do come ! U will amuse you.' So Miss Lowry consented to accompany Mrs. Peppiat upstairs. 'What language do they talk?' she asked, as they paused at the diawing-roo'm door ; ind added laughing, ' You know I can't speak Moldo Wallachiah !' Mary felt quite shy at the prospect of nv:eting these people, though she was curious to see them too. rhis 6tately country gentlewoman of thirty would save been pronounced ludicrously inexperienced and babyish— or whatever words stand for these, in the jurrent slang of the day— by any jurv of fashionable -chool-girls. 'Tdon't think they talk any language properly, jut they understand most languages. I always 6peak English to them,' answered Mrs. Peppiat composedly, rhen she tapped at the door, and op =ning it imme liately afterwards, entered the drawing-room, followed jy Miss Lowry. Chatter XIV. The Czernovics, who called themselves in England the ' Muscovite Minstrels,' were a family of seven persons — father, mother, two sons, and three iaughters. When they appeaed on the platform at :-t. Cecuia s Hall, they wore a very smart and pic turesque costume, covered with fur trimmings and »old embroidery, or embroidery which looked like ?old. But, in private life, their attire was not only shabby, but, as regarded the male members of the mily, peculiarly uncouth, from the fact that it was made chiefly by the hands of Papa C/er.m,^ * W had picked up a little tailoring aion«« v ihr'' *h° I arts in the c ;urse of his chequered career ^t-ful m Papa Czernovic was, indeed, at the mompnt t. 1 the ladies entered, seated cross-lcg-ed ci t' 1 stitching away at a scarlet vest triuTmc l'« i! l! V/jfa' 1 and gold, which was to be worn by his eldest 1 t' k I evening during the performance, and wh:ch r ? * I some repairs. He was a little old man of a tou'-'n * 1 wiry aspect, with a yellow, wrinkL d fa-o a K \\* I nose, usually bearing traces of gnuff about it' -n^ ? i of keen gray eyes. Mamma C/ernovic was fair S 1 plump, and must have been very prettv once un 1 time. She looked wonderfully meek and centlo ^ 1 had a little the air of an elderly Gretchen wh ' S'l I married and settled, and almost forgotten the sorrow'; I of her youth. The sons were both tall you- t r, I fair and light-haired, with fox-coloured beards ~ i 1 cunning gray eyes like their father's ; and'iv, I daughters were p-m, untidy-looking girls from four 1 teen to five-and-twenty, queerly muffled up in Ion 1 jackets, and wearing large coloured cotton handkpf I chiefs tied Tound their throats. j They had all been standing near the pianoforte 1 looking at some sheets of music which lay on it b t 1 they turned round when Mrs. Peppiat and Mi- 1 Lowry entered, and made a gesture of salutation 1 Papa Czernovic 6tuck his needle into his sleeve and' I springing aiimbly from the sofa, wrapped his din^v I flowered dressing-gown round him, and bowed over I and over again. 1 'So glet, dear lady! So glet, indeed, ja''said I Papa Czernovic By which he meant to express that 1 he was very glad to see Mrs. Peppiat. Then from the 1 end of the room advanced Rosamond, kadin-* a 1 young girl by the hand. ' Aunt Mary,' she said 1 ' this is Nona.' ' ' I Mary's glance met -a pair of large dark eyes fixed on i her own. Very wonderful eyes were (Eno'ne Balasso's 1 — large, liquid, luminous, and shaded by Ion', ic-t- 1 black lashes. They seemed to occupy an enornious j space in the thin, sallow face they were' set in. Other 1 beauty her face had none. There was a strance look I in it, like the look of age ; and yet it had, of course ! none of the lines of age. It was, perhaps, not so I much a look of having grown old as of never havin' j been young. Beside Rosamond's fresh, blooming ' cheeks, (Enone's looked like parchment. She had f fine teeth, small, square, and perfectly even ; but she » rarely showed them. Her figure was tall and w ell- I proportioned enough, but lean even to haggardness, j and her long, sinewy, flexible fingers looked almost I claw-like. ? j 'You are a great friend of Rosamond's, I hear,' i said Mary, taking her hand kindly. j ' Yes ; I am very fond of Rosamond. She has been - go 3d to me,' returned CEnone, speaking in excellent j English and with scarcely a trace of foreign accent. J Her voice was low and a little veiled, and 6he spoke ! without 6miling — again in curious contrast to Rosa- j mond. whose frank young face was sure to dimple all j over as soon as she began to talk. ] Mrs. Peppiaf, meanwhile, was casting an anxious ' and unquiet eye over the furniture. ' Dear me, ' she i said, ' I must scold Martha, Mrs. Czernovic. Yo it j carpet wants sweeping sadly. And that table is so I dusty that one might M-rite one's name on it !' Mamma Czernovic, perceiving that she was being spoken to, smiled very sweetly, and made a little ! humble, deprecating gesture with & plump white hand, which would have been decidedly whiter for the unstinting application of soap and water. One of her daughters tianslated the gist of Mrs. Peppiat's observation into the Russian dialect wliich was Mamma Czernovic's native tongue. Whereupon she smiled again, and repeated the gesture, precisely as before. But her husband was more communicative of his sentiments. ' Ai-h, no, no, not!' he cried, shaking his head many times. ' De dost not do us no harm so lang als dey leaf it quiet. But ven dey shweeps it ? ach Gott, it comes in your woice !' And the old gentleman gave a lively dramatic representation of one coughing and choking in a cloud of dust. ' I must send Martha in with a broom and a damp cloth before they're up in the morning. That's the only way,' said Mrs. Peppiat to herself. And then having made that mental resolution, she refrained like a wise woman from entering into a controversy on the subject, and proceeded to prefer her request that the Czernovics would be so very obliging as to sing something for Miss Lowry, who was a dear friend of hers and the aunt of Miss Rosamond. They all at once consented with the utmost good nature', and stood up in a row at the end of the room, ju6t as they were accustomed to stand before the public at St. Cecilia's Hall. ' Do you like de lusty or de melancholish melo dies ?'' asked Papa Czernovic, when they were all ready. Mary, rightly interpreting this as an inquiry whether she preferred to hear a merry or a sad song, replied that she would leave the choice entirely to him. And, after a word or two of consultation amongst themselves, they struck up a part-song of a wild, pathetic character, with a long-drawn refrain in the minor key. It was a very remarkable performance. The singmg seemed to be entirely untutored, and yet a-, the same time extraordinarily certain. There was that sort ol Bayage elfement in it which results from a power of accurately doing anything, combine 1 with an utter incapacity for reasoning about it. By dint of singing constantly' together, they had attained lxi absolute perfection of accord ; and their voices, — fresh, sonor ous, and always exquisitely in tune, — rose, and sank, and swelled, and fainted together, as if they had been parts of one instrument, moved by one will. Mamma Czemovic retained some high soprano notes W'11C*J were strangely sweet and thrilling, and reminded Mary, she scarcely knew why, of the clear piping ot a solitary bird on a wide moorland. Mary was touched by the singing, even to tears, and thanked the singers with such 6weet gracious ness as to win all their hearts. They sang another song,— a merrier one this time, although it had a touch of pathos in it too, as all their tunes seemed to have. And then they sang another and another, being evidently delighted with the effect ot their music on this beautiful, elegant lady, who sat listen ing to them with parted Iip6 anl glistening eyes, a» self-unconscious as a child. ?Mary's thoughts wandered back to Clevenal, wluic her senses drank in the sad, sweet melodies of these foreign singers— to Clevenal and its grand old wocas, and the peaceful, pastoral landscape beyond them, a vague, sad yearning filled her heart. It seemed as « those loud notes were uttering aloud some voiceless sorrow of her own past youth. And even as sue -iei« this, a name was whispered close behind her win' made her heart give a great bound, and startiea m blood into her cheeks—' Vincent Maude. , She clid not turn for an instant, but when she awi turn her head it was with her usual serene «gn'P: And now her face was quite pale. The voice v- which the name had been uttered was tfle ™l'Ld CEnone Balasso, who had been holding a w^P**! conference with Rosamond. The Czernovics iht still singing, and the two girls, interpreting ^ _ Lowry's movement as an intimation to »e - broke off their talk. *i,o«i-«.d the When th*t song came to an end, Mary thankea tn ^ Bingeis many liaaes, and declared that she L0.^, think of trespassing any further on .their Juauu ~ ? **~~ ^T^cTemovii Tsaid dimply, ' Ah ! you ? fron «*f ,?Sd seated himself cross-legged on the ? -And^Ppit' Queer people ain't they? 1 ?** ^SpeSnce for you/ Miss Lowry. But I ffAj&^S^W ?;«* ? 'II TtouctoS- And I am very much obliged I *lte£t f JS ml the opportunity of hearing it.' ? :oyou for g»»fc ™ f mus^f' Baid (Enone, with her ? 'You. are * u t(me flf assertion, not interroga ? 6?rious^'^n always tell immediately when any I ti0D'- iv fond of music, or only p etends to be ^m one is reau' ? «''„ .nrnii know?' asked Rosamond. I :Kri know Aether you are fond of me or I ''Li' suppose you love music very much, Miss I ^f^rS^Sat I love it as some people do. ? l '? T life I fiink I like it as one might like I B dK,' 'was' Miss Balasso's singular and unex ? pe» it' afraid the pathos of those Russian songs has I .1 Such for Miss Lowry,' said Mrs. Peppiat. ? Siooks quite pale. Now you must have some I S utaLowrr. It will be ready immediately. You ? Ui' £t?f bring the kettle to be boiled in the I *°? * T No ? I thought you would not. There's a I Kdc4r S here; and, L my part, I think it is I g?,sant to hear the kettle singing on the hob. I fifi? My dear Miss Lowry, if you knew the ? , lire it rives me to have you here i And then if I ? ff!S vou to driuk a cup of tea, it may make 3 ou ? tav until Northam- comes home. How gsieved he ? J be ifhe misses your visit!' ; ? And so good Mrs. Peppiat bustled in and out, and ? h-ouffht & tea- kettle with her own hands. And I Ro-anond, jumping up to assist her, was bidden to go ? and unlock the store-closet, and get out some marma ? lade ' You have not forgotten v/here the marmalade I lives', Kosyr' said Mrs. Peppiat. . . 4l H 'I should think not, Aunt Nora ! I am ultimately ? acauainted with its address. The damson jam famUy ? used to reside in the same house ; but I'm afraid they I have all departed tkis We. May I seer' And llosa I mond ran eff with a beaming face, jingling the keys. I (Enone did not offer to help in the preparations, but I tat still, with her eyes fixed on the fire. When Mrs. I Peppiat and her niece had left the room, (Enone I turned her eyes on Mary, and said, — 'Those people I upstairs— the Czernovics are not relations of mine.' I 'No; so I understand,' returned Mary, in some I 'They are barbarians, you know ; but faithful in I certain things, as barbarians are.' ? 'They have, at all events, been faithful in their I friendship to you, have they not r' B 'Friendship is not the word. Butv they have been I faithful. Old Czernovic would cheat you in a bar I gain without remorse. But he did not touch a penny B of the money entrusted to him for me. He is the * B n ost civilized of all of them, and has something more B of education, but I believe he is a Jew.' (Enone B made a slight gesture expressive of intense disdain B and a little disgust. After an instant she resumed, B 'lam not ungrateful. I see that you are thinking B me so. I would do anything I could for those people ; B bat I wished you to understand the real terms I am B on with them. They have good points, but they are B barbarians ; and I ' — drawing herself up, and looking B full at Mary with her great solemn eyes— 'am a B Greek.' ? Mary raised her eyebrows with a smile. ' I fear,' ? she said, 'that we must all pass for barbarians in your B eves, more or less.' B ' lou are laughing at me,' replied CEnone quietly. I 'And yet you would think yourself superior to the ? wisest and most virtuous Red Indian who ever lived, I merely because you happen to be born an English ? woman. So I feel to these Russians because I am a ? Greek. And I have more excuse : for they are not ? very me, nor very virtuous.' ' ? That such pi ide as this girl evidently nourished ? should have grown up and thriven amid the circum ? stances of her condition was very amusing to Mary lowry. It was a phenomenon of which she had no experience. The girl's manner was entirely free from insolence or temper- -It was grave and full of the quietude of conviction. But there was something which stiried the womanly fibres of Mary's heart in hearing such lofty words from the lips of this meagre, frail, forlorn young crea ture, floating like a straw on the current of the great rushing London life, and dependent on the forbear ance and charity of strangers for the bread she ate, and the Bhabby gown she wore. It seemed to her strangely, piteous. : 'My dear child,' she said, gently, 'I did not mean to laugh at you.' (Enone's eyes filled with tears, and she took Ma^'s nand and kissed it suddenly. ' You are good,' she kn I' ^ a nobIe heart- Ah» y°u don'* oh °^ m man? PeoPle I meet— women ; all women ! finrfT reli?ious iadies !— who are angry if they ana 1 am not s0 humble as they think all poor persons «Wit to be. I could be humble to you ; but to mem— never !' . «lii£f Miry felt a thrill of pity, as 8he saw the K 1 8traigh*en itself defiantly, and the thin X? ? eaeh other with tremulous force, She 'aoeen Blow]y gathering up her resolution to ask the whm \ftUestlon- And yet ehe felt almost relieved KrTp P1'*086 was frustrated by the return of beaiw??lat at tUs moment, followed by Martha liuwf th(;.teatray, and by Rosamond laden with 'Uta glass dishes full of sweetmeat. 'Ho™*8 ?amiala(le, Aunt Mary!' ehe cried, thef! e! And the Jas* surviving member of Vtrfi ?nAl&m; famuy! And— Oh, Here's Uncle the Timm; n \ ? %8e«ing down the glass dishes, at wttrnfl* mk of celebrating the occasion by a towards if™1 of damson juice, Rosamond rushed W°ed iT; gentletnan who appeared at the door, and 'Si . entimsiasticaUy |d° wKi' *^ed tbfi CaPtaii's jovial voice, 'what How did In ? Assault and battery? My pet? ffi«iners M- C?T here ? Are ^^ y°ur West £ud and sav ' « it S' I expected you to make me a curtesy, %i»Bat vUowuo yoa do, Mr. Peppiat r' instead of fcovmtain „ Uncle like a-a— Banshee, or a cato' 'NoitV,' 8ny °ther ferocious wild animal !' Then tT1'' saidlus™fe, ' here is Miss Lowry.' ^nse tam- ^lPtain' 'Bith a J°yful exclamation of !? *ana AT *° &** MaiT- His welcome was '?nistharTlrrr^^8 tad Veen- and he was profuse ^da^UothpSf/S ^^S come. And they all the hisW ? ^'table Tery amicahly. Pep was in HhedL ^a^t8 at the Bight of Ms Rosy, and ?? Perhaps Jhf*^ **** wi-h ihe 8'^- of a b°y i Percival P\ff the lecoUection of the Honorable ^^g&ien;^P10168 ^S^id and melancholy! ^teto^r8..1^ mind, it might be more appro- i S^fleman.' p™ £ je S?iety of a vivacioua elderly T.hfn te chn6f *P d, au irreeiatibly winning manner ! ^choo^tol^ m^e Wmaelf agreeable. And he S Miss i££*\hmu** «b ag/eeable as possible fle-*en vuj&'tv** Ti8it gratified him immenselv. «eathe grave (Enone into showing her white teeth once or twice, and crying, ' Oh, Captain 1 Peppiat, what nonsense you say ! ' ' Look here, uncle Pep,' observed Rosamond, lay ing hands on a substantial piece of bread. 'Aunt Nora says that if I devour so much bread and jam here I shall spoil my appetite for dinner. But I don't mind that a bit. Id much rather have tea in Nelson-place than dinner in Green-street,' Mary began to be somewhat of Miss Rosy's mind on this point. Dingy and shabby as Number Five, Nelson-place, had appeared te her when she first saw it, some glamour was stealing over her eyes which brightened it. Here were harmony, cheerfulness, honesty, activity, affection. At Green-street there were soft carpets, rich meats, obsequious servants, stagnation, and— Lady Lowry.. Nevertheless, to Green-street and Lady Lowry it was necessary to return. When Mary asked if a cab could be got for her the Captain declared his intention of esc rting her home. And, despite her protests, he persisted in his intention. 'Ah, now, Miss Lowrj%' he said, 'you wouldn't have us pass for savages, letting you go home a'one. You won t refuse me the honour of escorting you ? If you don't mind walking five steps, there's a cab-stand within three minutes of this.' Mrs. Peppiat drew Mary on one side, and said to her in a low voice, 'You won't be offended, dear Miss Lowry, if I don't return your visit ? To begin with, I have never been invited to go to Green-street — Stop ! That's not all. One must take some account of what is fitting in the eyes of the world, if it's only for the sake of other people. And how could I come trotting in to Lady Lowry's drawing-room at odd hours with my gown tucked up and an umbrella ? Northam gets angry when he hears me talk so ; for he is the most unworldly creature ? ! But one cannot behave as if life was a fairy story. I wish one could. But one can't, and there's an end of it. I only wanted you to understand that I have no rancour or enmity in my mind towards Lady Lowry, and that if I don't come to see you, it is not because I am sulky with her. Dear me, people needn't feel unkindly towards each other because they don't ex change visiting cards half-a-dozen times in the season. I have given up all that sort of thing.' ' All the worse for you, Mrs. Northam Peppiatt ' said her husband, who had caught the last word or two. ' As to wt ' feeling unkindly,' it is well known that the exchange of visiting cards tends to soften the human heart. ' Emollit mores,' as my old schoolmaster used to say before giving us a taste of the birch. And the increased asperity which I have lately observed in you is no doubt entirely owing to your having given up that social interchange of— pasteboard. Miss Lowry, if you are ready your slave awaits you.' 'Good bye, Nona dear,' cried Rosamond, and kissed her friend heartily. ' Ycu are to come and stay with me in the holidays, you know. Papa pro mised.' (Enone smiled faintly, and made a little silent movement with her head. Then Mary and Rosamond and the Captain went out together into the dusk of the street, where the gas lamps were beginning to show in long lines of yellow dots, stretching into misty distance. The Captain drove with them to the door of Sir Cosmo's house, and stood bare-headed on the pavement to help them to alight, but he would not enter the house. ' Another time, another time, my dear Miss Lowry,' he said. 'Pray make my compliments to my lady. God .bless you, Rosy,' and he walked olf briskly before the footman had closed the door. 'What a chaming visit you have missed !' said Lady Lowry when Bhe met her Eister-in-law in the drawing-room before dinner. 'The Percival Wig mores stayed more than two hours. And they have been telling me the most interesting tilings.' And her ladyship commenced relating some of the exploits of Dr. Flagje as described by the Wigmores. But ehe did not at that time say a ay thing about her intention of having ti.at mysteriously gifted being in her own house. As to the way in which Mary and Rosamond had been spending the afternoon she said no word ; and, indeed, seemed not to give it a thought. Presently Sir Cosmo came in and stood by the fire, and his sister thought it proper to tell him where bhe and Rosamond had been. He uhowed but a very tepid interest in the circumstance. ' Been to see Nora and Northam, have you ?' he said. 'Ah! Well, how are they getting on ? A musty fusty kind of den they live in, don't they? A quarter-past 8 ! Sarah, I wish that cook of yours could be taught to be punctual.' And then at dinner, in the presence of the-ducal Lobley, any such low subjects as the Peppiats was taboo, by my lady's explicit command. It was curious to note how my lady's wishes,— slowly sometimes, but always surely, — got themselves obeyed by Sir Cosmo. He had a better education, better breeding, better brains than his wife — but she conquered him. When Rosamond went into her aunt's dressing room to bid her ' good night,' as she had now taken the habit of doing, Mary shook her rippling, golden brown hair over her face at the looking-glass, before she said, ' Oh, Rosamond, by the by, I thought I heard (Enone mention the name of an old friend— an old acquaintance— a— some one whom I knew a long time ago — Mr. Vincent Maude.' 'Do you mean Major Maude? His name is Vin cent. Oh, did you know him long ago, Aunt Mary ? Oh,' do you know, he has been so goad to Nona ! The Czernovics got into some dreadful trouble or other in a coun'ry town, and Major Maude helped them. I think he took them out of pawn ! Well, if that's not right I know he gave them some money. And that's how he came to know Nona. And just the other day he told Miss Cribb — that's the schoolmistress — that he would pay the two quarters that are owing for Nona, and make himself responsible for the rest if Signor Balasso didn't send any more money. Nona adorf e him. He is such a big fellow, like an elephant — only very good- looking ! Just fancy your knowing Major Maude. I wonder why he doesn't come to see us. He lives in London now. I shall get Aunt Nora to tell him ? ' ' No, no, Rosamond. Get Aunt Nora to tell him nothing about me. It is long since we met, and I daresay he has forgotten all about me.' ' But I wasn't going to say anything about you, Aunt Mary,' returned Miss Rosamond with her usual ingenuous honesty. ' I should like to see him for myself Ah, wait a bit, if Nona comes to stay here he is sure to call. You will see if he doesn't. And then I shall say, ? We are much obliged to you, Major Maude. You never came near us before; so we are quite sure that you only call to see Nona, and ? '' '?Rosamond, Rosamond, what possesses you to chatter 60, child?' ' I don't know, Aunt Mary,' replied Rosamond, laughing, 'but I' suppose I got tipsy with joy at ! seeing Aunt Nora and Uncle Pep. I feel as if I could go on talking all night !' I ' But I don't feel as if I could go on listening al* ' night. So good night, darling.' I '«? Good night, Aunt Mary, dear. And— only this ' one word !-^you help me to make papa keep his pro mise about having (Enone, won't you !' 