KEANE MALCOMBE'S PUPIL. [FUOSI AH. THE rBAB ItOUWD.] Chapter VI. Patiently waiting till tho first, torrent of my grief has spent itself, and I am lying back weak and exhausted, but once moro calm, upon my pillow, Nannio says, with an anxious, troubled look upon her faco : ' I'd be well pleased if tho minister wa3 back, Mis3 Mabel.' - . . , . Thinking that the kindly creature, seeing how sorelv I urn in neod n( linln Anil p.nmfnrk. Innrra Fnr' my master to bo at hand, I make no reply boyond a deep sigh, as I think of that faithful friend, absont when most needed; but her next words put me to shame for the selfishness born of, sorrow. v 'It'B tho mistress I'm thinking of; there's some chango over hor I don't li&o; the looks of.' 'Oh, Nannio!' And I start to tiy feet, and make 'for tlio door,' every selfish griof. forgotten for the time being, in anxious dread of evil to the JdnoL creature'. Heaven seems to have left me. But the door is quickly shut and lockod, and Nannie poiht3 with indignant finger to the looking-glass. ?♦ Lord's sako !' ^he says, 'Miss Mabol, dp y,oii. want, to,, frighten tho mistress clean daftwi' the sight of sic a face as that, and aho in mortal sickness/ arid/ easy scared 1' ' ' .. She draws me oppqsito the looking-glasj, whore' I see reflected a woo-begone,' di&ovelle;'d; white-' faced, red-eyed woman, certainly no fit object to enter a sick-room. Some women require a long' time' to efface the. trace of tears, I don't. .Perhaps this is'ia conse quence of my having littlo or no' bloom and color to lose, a fact upon which my candid friend lira. Vandaleur .was onco kind enough- , to remark. Plenty of cold water soon renders my appearance'7 Ie3 appalling, and Nannio scorns inclined to unbar the' door,' and.let ino go to our poor sufferer. But I wanted Jo understand plainly the bxtent of her fears. . ,. V ' You don't thiuk,' I say, looking pleadingly into my companion's face, '.? that Auntie 'ia very much worse to-day? . You don't think-1^—^' Bat horo it id difficult to put my thoughts into words, and I stop,'. . ; .*' v . ; . ' :.. ' I think the Lord's going to, 'take hor to him salf, Mies Mabel; 'aid' it's best to say, the. truth: ?out,: and havo done with it; I'd' be'bHlua to say fcltbcrisr words, if I darod ; but Micro's that look up'onhor face that tolls rno nho'a not long to bido wi* ua. Don't 'ce greet again, dcario— don' 'eo !' .for I' havo covered my faco with ray band 3, not to 'greet,' as Nanuio thinks, but to pray for strength to boai thia now pain. .As I enter the quiet room, whero tho shaded lamp casts a soft light on the worn face upon the -pillow, and tho thin rcatloss hand3 moving iunowily on.the coverlet, my heart fails tuo ; for ?gathering round tho oyes and mouth is that iatrange grey shado, which I know to bo the livory of death. . ' Is that you, dcario ?' -oaya the feeble voice. ' It aeonia a long time flinco you woro here, and I've no' boon feeling ju:tt well at all ; but I know the boy Donald waa with you, and I would not let Nannie call for you.' Such a sense of all I am about to loao in her —such. a sense of the loneliness that will be for mo, whon that feoblo voice is hushed, never more on earth to speak such. words of tenderness comes over me, that I throw myaolf upon my knee3 besides the bed, and cast my arms about tho poor weak frame, while the tears' stream Worn my eye3. \- Auntie does not seem surprised or distressed at this outbreak ; oho lay a her hand upon my hoad, and speakt- comfortingly to me, as though I were again the child of old days, weeping. over some childish trouble. . ?' Don't bo greoting Bae sair,'. she says ; ' it's bad to pull too hard against the Lord'3 will.' And then, as my sobs grow quiet: 'I'm glad we've found out how woll we lovb each other, before I leave you, child. My hard Scotch ways might well have made you think I had no Iovingne3s in me; but you know bettor now, don't you, dearie?' I havo but timo to pre_33 a fond kiss on tho dear worn face, when . Nannie's teatray bump3 gently againat tho door, and the scoaes make their appearance, together with a tiny china cup of rich cream. 'Try and taste a bit, if you please, mistress ?' say_3 Nannie, with a furtive scowl at my tear stained face; ''you're weak for -want of 'food, and here's Mis.? Mabol nevorhad no tea ! But it's hot and ready in tho parlor below.' Here Nannie looks at me, and hesitates a moment. ' Mistrcs3 Horsy the is below-stairs, too : she'3 called to ask. for the mistross, hearing she was no'; just so wool the day.' This last assertion ia a piece of pure invention on'Nannie'a part, a3 I discover on entering iho room where Donald's mother waits me. Sho. makes no inquiry after. Auntie, and i3 indeed evidently unaware of her increased illness ; and one glance at her face is enough to toll me what .has brought hor to Whitegates at such an uu lUiiual hour. But dreading to . enter upon tho. subject foremost in my thoughts aud hen, I take . a hurried refuge in tho commonplace, and expre33 my suprise at her boing out so late, alone. ' * 'I did not coiuo alone,' she says, 'except' fromthegate.' ? And a shiver run3 through', me, for I. know that Donald has turned away from Whitegates, like some stranger. ? ?There is silence again, and Mra. Forsytho turns very pale, and the hand that she rc3ts on the mantelshelf, trembles. I feel that the evil moment is to bo deferred no longer, when suddenly the door opens, and Nannie, evi dently in sore trouble of mind, stands' before us. _ ... 'The mistress wants you, Mistress For3ythe,' she says, her lips twitching nervously as she speaks. 'She's very low, and easy troubled, and set' on seeing you, this direotly minute.'' Then poor faithful Nannie steals inside, and softly ? closes the door. 'For the' Lord's dear sake,' she says, standing close to Mrs. Forsythe, and looking pleadingly in her face, 'say nothing to trouble the poor boddie to-night ; she's sair stricken, sair stricken, my lady ;' aud before either of us can say a word, Nannie 13 j»one. ' Is this so, Mab ? I ani so sorry ! I did not know there was any change for the -worse,' says Mrs, Forsythe. And I, standing between heraud tho door, take courage, and speak what is in my mind: ? 'Yes, it is true, Auntie is very ill— so ill. that I tbiafc.the end is near. She knows. nothing— nothing of— 'what I have to trouble, me ; and I beg of :you-^doar Mrs. Forsythe, I entreat of you, bythcrmemory of our old friendship— help mo in keeping the knowledge of it away from her !' , Sho -seems touched to some new, strange ' pity, as Tspeak; ' ;; ? : ' '* Yours is a bravo heart, Mabel { why have you let it be uncandid towards me ? Why-^. — ' . .But I interrupt her hurriedly. : ? 'Come and see Auntie now, and; after I' 'will walk-part of the way home with you.' Auntie 13 excited by. seeing Mrs. Forsythe. ' I aeem to have a new strength tp.-night,' she says, a ; flickering' pink flush upon her cheek; 'but the day's been a wearisome time. It was kind of youj-Mistress Forsytne, to call and ask for me so readily. Ah I truly I thank Heaven to leave my poor child here in such good hands' ! You' and the boy Donald will ayo watch over hor tenderly; it's just a ' tower of strength, to me in my weak noas to think of that !' I cast an imploring look at. the grave faco of Donald's mother, aqd then she answers, ' Mab will never be witnou't friends, Miss Fraser ; but I think ho one can 0V0T replace your love and tenderness to your adoptod'ehud !'. Ahme ! how my aching heart echoes the truth of hot-words ! , Never, novormore, shall I find such lovo-as that which is drifting from me now ! It ia a' bright, chill autumn night, and as Mrs. Foraytho and I walk down tho avenue, I am glad to, draw the 'grey cloud' I have picked up in the hall closely around mo. Perhaps, however, m7;feeling of cold arises from nervous agitation ; silence is so trying when we know some dreaded words are to bo spoken ; and my companion main tains a silence I daro not, and cannot, break. \- A.t kngth we cross the, stile, and enter the Alibeyjands fields. The.jwhite mist lies low, and above it the moon . sails ill a sea of dark bluo sky. Our drosaea rustle .gainst the, short crisp stubblo that is. all the s^Ide has left of the waving grain, and the cora cwfeo keep3 up its harah, monotonous, grating cry, aa.it '$ keening' over tho fields ahoftx of. their .., §)W-Mrs. ForsythjB speaks, and her -voice haa a trogbl^d, faltering sound. . ..,,.:' :l yChild ! don't you think I feel for you ? don't 'va»jthink my hoart is aching for you,' evou when' mo|it I feol that it ia host to be as it ia— best for yottj and best for Donald ?'J ? ' I ^»am hi no mood to spare mysolf, so I say; in a ham cold voice, that covors an awful 3tab of pain at&erjast; words: ? 'f You eaid X had boea uacandid. To whom, and when, ha?o I been so?' T step before her, and stand defiant in her path, so that sho cannot chooso but Btop abort. In the samo aad voice, and without boing roused to any resentment by my defiant manner, sho answers mej: '] I have often thought lately, Mabel, of some linos you once read to mo, long ago — ?Dead lovo may livo ogaia ; but through all tims ? , No.moson can up-build tho falleu towor' . Of trust. ' It has beon so with you and mo. Whon first I Was told that you had given your confidence to a sjirclngor, had spokon of mo and inino, and .earnestly entroated that what you had said mi'ht ?be religiously koptfrom mo, I suffered^I suffered intensely ; for, Mabel, I bivo loved you very dearly.' . ? ? ? ? AU my dofmat kumov is gouo. I. am trombling, as I sec the not that iu round me. 1 uccm to licur a soft, falso, lying voice tay, ' I will respect your confidcuco, deai child !'' 'When fir3t Mrs. Vandalcnr— for I do not doal in mystery, and am speaking in a full, and, maybo, last confidence to yoa— told me of what you had said to hor, filio did so in pure Utndncs of heart, wishing to let uio know that you wero troubled with Bon3itivo fears as to my full appro bation of my B»n's choice; and with. genuine distress she saw tno view I took of what was, to mo, so unseemly a confidence on yournart.'' Such a vivid picture of Mrs. Vandalour's ' distress' comes into niy raind, that I can hardly keep down on hysterical and painful laugh. Evidently troubled by my strange silenco, Mrs. Foraytho Bpoaks appealingly ; ' Why could you not trust mo, Quaenie ? Why did you desecrate our friendship by 3peaking of tuy inmost thoughts to a stranger ? Have you no explanation to give mo ?' 'No, none!' and I clasp my hands tightly together, and look up tuto hor face, ' I nave nothing to say— not a single word to say— about Mrs. vandaleur, or anything sho may have told ? you. I have done you no wrong — or your son eithor. I have given him up— given him up, -though it has torn my heart out to do so, because I saw that his love was mine no longer. And now, lot mo go, and let the paat lie ; it hurts too much, this bringing up of things that are dead.' 'Poor child ! poor child !', sho says, for my voice ha3 become a moau of pain, and the tears fall down her face. And thus I see her, for the last time, and take her hand, and hold it against my bosom ; then let it fall, and spocd through the fields. I reach the white gate, pass up the avenuo, and thero, at the open door, stands my roaster — my mastor, whom I think to be miles away from us and all our troubles ! Tho joyous exclamation of welcome die3 upon my Iip3, for on Keane Malcombe's face is a strange look of awo and grief. 'Come quickly, child !' he say3, half leading, halE carrying me up the stairs. 'Her life may be measured by minules now !' . Supported in Nannie's arms, a grey pallor on her face, each breath drawn with labor and pain, Aunt Janet's eyes are turned fondly and oxpec tantly to tho door, looking for tho child of her lovo. The excitement of Mrs. Forsythe's visit, and the unexpected arrival of the minister, may have tried her feeble strength sorely. Bo this* as it may, sho had scarcely greeted my master, when a sudden faintness and exhaustion had -come on ; and leaving poor 'troubled Naunie with her nmtress, ho had hurried downstairs 'to search for me. . I fling myself on my kneo3 by the bed, and sho raises her feeble arm to put it about my neck. ' Oh speak to mo ! speak to me, dear, before you leave met'1 I cry, half beside myself with grief. But Auntie wili never speak to me. again ; .the power of speech is gone, and ouly in the faint pressure of her hand, and in the gazo of the dying eyes that never cease to look upon my face, can I read the loving, tender thoughts that are in her heart for me. I hear ray master's voice begin U13 prayer that Christ taught, but I do not join in it ; I am watching every passing change on the. dear face so close to mine. ' Thy kingdom come !' As the words pass my master's Iip3, 1 see that Auntie is looking at mo no more, and that for her God's kingdom has already come ! All tho flowers were dead when Auntie died. There were no rose3 to put into her cold hands, no violets to lay upon her breast ; but tear3 fall on her still white face, aud Nannie and I watch by turn in the darkened room till the cold chill morning, when they take my dead from me, and I am left alone at silent, desolate Whitegatc3. Tue very day after Auntie's funeral, strango news comes to the village of the 'great folks' up at Abbeyland3. Sir Ralph Forsytho, Donald's rich and childless uncle, has died suddenly, and Donald inherits his vast estate 'down south,' whither the heir is summoned with all speed. ? ' The village i3 bewildered by so manyimportant events happening at ono time ; and the chief gossip of the place, one Sandy Sim, complains to Nannie of such an untoward glut of news, ' the noo,' when, at other seasons, hardly as much is going as will give material for a ' tidy crack wi' a'neebor, mak' as muckle of it as a boddie may!' Aunt Janet's will 'is also a subject of much public interest, for Whitegates, by the will of its original owner, passes away to a distant cousin on my mother's side ; and not all the feaity of 'the village' to 'poor Mistress 'Fraser' cap prevent many exciting and interesting speculations as to ' what tho new-comers may.be like.' ? But even yet more startling news ia to fall upon tho oars of tho community. The minister uaa 3een some mighty learned English Doctor during his stay in those uncivilised countries which lie south of the Tweed, and from him has hoard of wonderful mineral springs in some country ' out of all calculation, ye ken, sae far frae Scotland ;' and these springs work grand cures in persons afflicted like the minister's wife. And bo, with tho faint fond hope that his ' Lizzie ' may find healing yet, and. one day wander again with him among tho flowers and fields he Iove3, my master is to set off with her on a long and trying journey, and Mabel Meredith is to go with them. A new minister— a stranger, from . the far North — is to take Mr. Malcombe's place meanwhile ; and what with this novelty in the way of a spiritual leader, and fesh inmates at Whitegates, the place will be in a regular ferment, and long winter evenings will be hardly long enough to discuss the many and varied points of interest and opinion. : That Miss Mabel is.not, after all, to be 'tho leddio of the great hooso,' is by this time an ac cepted fact among our humble neighbors ; but I think Nannie is held in too great dread for .many questions to be put to her, and therefore curiosity has to remain content with the bare fact. All that Aunt Janet had to leave is mine— enough to spare me all. anxious thoughts of the future— and whou my master asks me to go with bun and bis Lizzie to a strange, distant land, I eagerly and gladly accept the loving offer ot a home~with them, for I have a ceasalssa longing, to escape from scenes that have been fraught with so much pain, and, alas ! are to mo .haunted by the ghosts of dead joys. - - i '.,-..' The river will sing the same sweet lullaby to tho lilies on its breast 4s of old, but, with no Donald to wandor with me on its banfca, what can tho song of the rivet say that is not sadness and pain? The sweet pink-faced rosea may cluster about Whitegates ; but through tho win dow thoy frame, I may never more watch for his coming ! Auutio'a chair is empty, and her half finished knitting lies on the little table by the window ; silent ia the voico that loved me, even when it was chiding my careless ways. Why should I stay where all about .me are voices that, like the 'sough' of the autumn wind in the pine-trees, only woop and wail? In thcaa days of my sorrow I aui grateful to Mrs. Forsythe, in that sho does not try to see'me beforosho leaves Abbqy lands, to go with hor son to take possession of bis new domain. I feol that aho knows another interview between us would but be added pain, and could do no good; and I am gM— oh, so unutterably glad !— to be spared' such an .ordeal again! . ?.- - - ? .. :- Not so forbearing, liqwovor, is-' mine enemy.' Lflto one evening I noo hor; as- 1 pass tho turret .window, coming up. tho avenue, attirod in a' daiuty'costum'o; ii' which' black oud'silvor-'groy ?predominate ; and I recogaise, with a cold shiver' of disgust, tb,atthia i3 what is called /'compli raootary mourning ' for dear Auntio. ? Thus I seo her coiniug, inincingly, and I rash downstairs and meet Naniiio rushing up, for she, too, ua3 espied the advancing figure I grasp her baro arm in no gentle hold ; I am weary, worn - out by a long day's painful attention to thoso . dreadful after-details or thu Ios3 of one doar -to ' us, that make tho eyes dim with weeping, and *I cannot face Mr3. Vandaleur. 'Say I'm ill— gono away— dead— anything ; but don't lot mo seo her4 ? ?? Nannio, I shall die if you let her in !' ? Nannie's faco is pledge sufficient, and I boat a hasty retreat to poor Auntie's room, leaving tho ? ? door open, so that I can hoar Nannie parloy with tho invader. ' . A soft cooing voice, with a suitable tono of grief, that renders it liko a distressed pigeon, tenderly inquires after my well-being. ? : '.Could I see her for a moment or two? tt might rouso her a little, you know.' ' It might rouse her more than would bo good for her,' answers Nannie's hard clear voice; 'and it's nothing but quiot and rest aa Miss Mabel wants, ma am. She's pretty well, and only needs sleep, and she can't seo no one— and is much obliged to you for calling to ask for hor ; and that's all tho message.' ' ' But, my good woman,' persists tho visitor, ' but you have not told her who it is. I feol aura she'would see mo.' ? ? 'Sho did seo you, ma'am, coming up the avenue, and 6ko gave the message to mo as I give it to you.' Mrs. Vandalour is apparently somewhat taken aback by this lost piece of pleasing information, and makes no f urtner attempt to storm the garri son. ? 'Give my best, my very be3t love to Misa Mabel, and tell hor I came to try and speak a few words of comfort, and say that I am going to England in a few days' time.' 'The Lord bo praised,' says Nannie, and after a long and unpleasantly suggestive pause con tinues, 'for all his mercies! Miss Mabel- don't want for friends or comfort eithor ; she's going to foreign parts before long, with the minister and his wife; and I'm a-going too myself.' There is a subtle change in Mrs. Vandaleur'a voice that tells me with what inward satisfaction she hears of my approaching hegira. 'That will be such a nice change for her. Say I shall bo so glad if I can do anything for her.' But Nannie interrupts this effusive speech. .'.There can bo no manner of occasion for any one to see to Miss Mabel while I'm here, thank ing you kindly all the same for good intentions, and wishing yoii good-morning, ma'am, andasato journey to England.' ' . I have a dreadful suspicion that Nannie, in her zealous ire, has 'let slap' the door with moro vigor than is absolutely needful ; ? and a grim smile, which adorns her hard. features, as she in forms mo of Mrs. Vandaleur's departure, rather leads uio to suppose this idea is correct. . The gloaming is coming on — that dim pleasant timo which I used to revel in, and in which dear Auntio would say that no one but an 'Kilo chiel ' would bo so fond. Tap, lap, go the long bare fingers of the rose-trees against tho bay window, and each gust of wind brings down a dancing shower of leaves from the tall willows on the lawn. My weariness of mind and body has ? reached that pitch at which complete inaction is a luxury, and the tired mind seeks rest from long painful tension in dwelling 11 pen every trivial object that meets tho eye. Tue firelight is struggling with the dying daylight for the mastery; and I lie back upon the low couch, near the window, and watch how every moment the fantastic shadows on the wall grow more dis tinct. Outside, the clouds are drifting, hurry, ing across the sky as if bound on errauds of mighty import ; and I can hear a faint murmur — faiut only from distance— which I know to bo tho sound of tho river, swollen with heavy rains, and rushing madly down the rocky falls bolow the bend, where the lilies lie in summer, and where my sweet-brier tree is shedding tears of scented leaves over the summer that is gone. I am weary enough to feel glad that everything ia past and over ; weary enough to ask for nothing but to bo left in rest and peace— so weary that even sorrow itself seems sleeping for a whiio. - Is it not often — just when we are congratu lating ourselves that tho worst is ovor, the deep ? waters all waded through, tho pain endured, and the time of rest come — that, suddenly,' we have to bear the extrcmest pang of all? I have not heard my master's quiet footstep on tbo stairs ; and he entera the room and comes over to -where I lie, almost too weary to get up and greet him. ' - ' All in tho dark, my child'/' he says, and lays a hand upon my head. I look up into the kind face, and there I see something that makes mo spring to my feet. 'What is it?' I say, gasping out the words, and clinging to his baud with the passionate ap peal of one who ha3 suffered so much, that -further endurance seoms impossible. I stand in the window leaning against the wall, and wait till he shall see fit to tell mb on what errand of pain ho come3— patient, moro from weakness than will. My master 13 not ono to keep a suf ferer in suspense long. ' I have had tho boy Donald with mo. He ia in sore trouble— 3ore, bitter trouble of spirit.' A shiver goes through mo as my master speaks ; but I do not say a word. 'To-morrow he and his mother leavo Abbey lands, and I have promised to givo you this my self, and to bring an answer to the boy ; ho is waiting for me in the lane.' -.-??? 1 'This' is a letter. Now, during our short betrothal, -I havo had but few letters from Donald. It stirs mo to the very depths of my nature to close my hand over tho letter that Donald has written to me. ? The fire burn3 cheerily, and I crouch down, after an old childish fashion of mine,- upon tho rug, and read Donald's letter by the firelight. ?This is what it says : 'It is so hard: to leave you alone iu'yattiv sorrow, Mabel.! Do you really, truly mean mo to abide by what you 3aid that afternoon ? Qoly one word— one single word — 'Come ;' and I will ' be by your side, comforting you, or trying my best to do so. Let us forget all that has' como between us, and be as we once were ; I could not sleep last night for thinking of youf loneliness and grief. I . am waiting outside for your answer. Mabel! let mo come to you? 'Donam-.'!- Tears stream from my eyes ; I kiss the letter with a passion of tenderness ; I hold it clasped ' against my breast. My master watches me in suence. ? .-. ? At length my mad ecstasy is over. The lottor ia in my hand, and I read it again ; but this time with a clearer vision. The mist b clearing away ; I sao tho right path, We cannot put aside 'all that has come between us.' . If I tako Donald's generous, pitiful impulse, and build'm'y life's love on it, I shall build upon the sand ; for ? I know Donald loves, not mo— not this weary, '? grief- worn woman standing in the firelight— but fair-faced, golden-haired Maud, his more' fitting mate ! - . ? . .1 - .- . ? t Icros3to where my master is standing, and cling about hi3 neck in an abandonment of grief. 'Oh, help m&! help me, master, to do the right! It is so hard— 30 hard ; ana lifo seems ono terrible desolation without him !' Ho holds uio clo3O, as a tender father might, and kisaes my ? upturned face ; but now, as ever, the faithful : voico shrinks not from the words of truth, bo they nover ao bitter, nover so fraughtivith pain ?! ,- \- '? Child ! if yoa are suro that you aio ^acting for the best— if voa are suic Donald's love is up . longer youra— thuu, * cut off llio right hand.' ;.- Bettor bo Hun to £jhu J your happiuesa on what ? liaa no. reality. Tho boy besought me not to influence you againnt Iiira, and I will say no moro Iban this— bo guided by your own heart. I bavo nover known its voice unfaithful to tbo truth..1' Onco uioro tbe tempter struggles for the inafitory. I picture to myself what would bo if I wero.10 fliy tbat ono word, 'Come.' I picture fchoold sound of tbe' quick step on the stairs ; and 4hon, tbts loving arms round mo, my tired, bead rosting.on bis breast, tbe dear bright face lei 6 o?or mo, bis lips on. mine ; but here tho dread memory of. that last passionless kiss cornea like a f»tab— that kiss that was the rcquiom of a dead Iovo. I dasb away my tears, and chase tho dream^fireligbt away, making the room a blaze 'rt,u0f candle- light. Quickly I trace the words that -!-? ?al my lifo to a loveless loneliness for ever : ' Thank you for your generous letter. I shall always liko to remember that you wroto it, wlion xny Borrow came upon me, and you thought I wanted comfort. Mil have to say to yon I said that day. May Heaven bless you, and all you Iovo, now and always. Mabel.' Hastily I seal my letter. Silently my master watches mb. I put it into hi* hand. Then ho says, in a faltering, tearful voice : 'Tho Lord bless my child, and comfort her in Ler sorrow !' . So ho 13 gono. And I have a second time cast from mo tbe light of my eyes, tho glory and brightness of ray life. The lane turns round at our gate, and passes behind Wbitegatos. and the window of my room looks that way. In a momout I have gained tho roam, noiaol03% opened the little casement, and am crouching on tbe floor in the dusky light, listening for Donald's footstep. There. It is coming ; he is passing below tho window : ho knows not that 1 am praying for him— 'bo near,' yot, oh 'so far away.' God bless my Donald— inine for this one short hour l-y virtue of bis pitiful tender thought of me in my grief and pain— mine never again, I know ; bat mine to weep and pray for just this onco. Faioter, fainter grow the sounds of his foot Stops. . 1 cannot hear them now at all. Listen as I will, Donald ban passed out of my life, and my Iovo-Btory is ended. Chapter VIL— Five Yeahs After. . -. I feel that it would be a very satisfactory end. ing to my story if I could tell bow some happy chance throw mo again across Mrs. Foray t ho s path, and gave me an opportunity of explaining to her all. the cruel misconception of the past, and set^us once more 'heart to heart and soul to Boal,' as in, the old days when we. loved each other so' well) and Donald— bright, boyish Donald— was so doar to both. . . '. And it may bo so oomo day— even in that day 'when thosecrota of all hearts shall bo ra vealed'— but not now, for death has made, iong Hioce, of oar estrangement an eternal record. And of my owa life, meanwhile, what shall I say ? It 13 too busy to bo Bad. The garb I wear is ono that pledges me to hard toil in the byways and tho crowdod alleys of lifo, among the poor, the Bick, and the fallen : for I have become a member of aChnich that guides her children with a firmer hand than the church of my childhood. Thus my life 13 not an nnhappy one. It is the useless, the idle, the feeble that spend their days in moaning over an irrecoverable past : tho'so ?who toil for aDivino Master could not seo to walk iu tlio way that He has sot before them, were their eyes ever blinded by tears. And Mrs. Vandaleur? One fair spring day, about five years after Aunt Janet'b death, I am uulucky enough to miss a coitain train, and havo to wait at the station for another. As I stand, looking help lessly at the clock— as though with a feoblo hope that, by eo doing, I can accelerate its progress — I hear a n3ver-forgotton voice cooing to a porter about some luggage. Yes ; there can bo no mis take, it ia BTra. Vandaleur, and about her are all tho signs of great worldly prosperity. ? As soon as she 8003 me, there is tho same fling outwards of tho fat bands, the same ecstatic glance up wards as of old. 'It & you !' she says, rushiag to war Is me, as though Lor wholo life, since wo parted, had been one wild longing to seo mo again. ' It is Mabel Meredith!- I should havo known you anywhoro by your oye3, in spite of that dress. Dear me ! I remember hearing you had joined the English Church, and. turned nun. How very interesting !'.' But I am looking beyond the voluble lady, to where a pleasant-faced woman holds by the hand a child— a child with Donald's eyes, dark-grey eyes with the black lashes. ? '? ? ' That ia Maad's eldest,' says Mrs. Vandaleur, cf tho young heir' of Abbeylands. Come here, ' Theodore, and kis3 tho lady.'. Theodore kisses tho lady, and tho lady kisses Theodore, calmly enough to all appearance, but ?with a storm of feeling running riot in her heart. Hitherto words have- not come to me very readily in answer to all tho gushing of my com panion, but as she chatters on, I see that cruel znalico lurks beneath an apparently aimless ?f torrent of questions, and I resolve that not by eo much as a passing quiver of tho lip will I gratify her wish to see me suffer. 'I am not a uun,' I say very quietly, as she again animadverts on it being ' so charming,' and ' so romantic,' to find mo in tbo sister'o dreaa. ' And I am very well, and very busy, and — '.' ...... 'Happy too, eh?' she says, interrupting mo qatckly, and with her head on ono side, as usual with her when aiming some tiny poisoned dart at 0 human heart. '? Yea ; happy .too,' I answer, looking steadily Into tho Btcel-coloied, shadowless eyes. 'How nico thatia! Of course you know that our poor friend, Mrs. Forsythe, has passed away!' I bow my bead in a silent affirmative 'Ab, poor dear! ahe died with her hand in mine!' I think Mrs. Vandaleur knows that I feel she is lying, for she looks away from me rather iiunie4l7. 'By-tue-way, she epoke of you, not long be fore oho died; sho.was unconscious most of tho tine after the— the seizure— but ehe had lucid intervals— yes— poor soul ! she knew ua all at times.' ? ? ; ? I am trying to Ueop down my wild impatience to know what my old f riond said of me, hoping that ahe sent ma aomo loving word from her bed of death, but tho consciousness that my com* pinion ia enjoying ray suspense makeSmehide jkll indications ot distress. 8ho baa told me that she and the child are tn 'route for Abbeylands, and I know the 'North train will be up in. ten minutes. Will sho tell mo before that timo is gone ? 'She apoko of mo, you tell me, Mra. Vanda lenr. What did ahe say ?*' 'Oh, nothing particular. She seemed to take Aland for you onco, for sho calledher Mab ; and on another occasion, when I was with heralone— oho liked rao to be always with her, you know.' 'An« being alone with you, she spokoof mBr 'Yea; aho Boomed to wish to see you. She -said, Why doesn't sho come ?' and i was dia :frr«3,? ' you kaow' ttat 8ne should ngitate her ' Naturally ; and, to soothe her, yon led hor to BUppoap'I was cither unable, or nnwilUn' to comor . 1 .'jWDa'J'o» ray dear' Mabel, unable:' and she tail bor hand impressively upon my arm. ' Jf o« novortold her eon' that sho asked to coo mo r -. 1 make thu remark tut on assertion,- not an in terrogation. Sho purges up her mouth and looks wise, aud gives tho faintest possible shrug of her shoulders. ' V71iy— no. You sco it would havo been use less; and, in'.leeil, sho v.'a3 never properly con scious after that occ.of.ion, poor dear I Sho ia in a hotter place, and wo ought not to mourn.' 'Yea; she ia out of tho power of muropro senUitioii now.' There is a silenco, and Mrs. Vandaleur. Iooka slightly crestfallen : then recovers herself. r' My daughtor and hor husband cannot tear themselves away from London while tho season lasts ; Maud is so much admired, and made so much qf, and Donald is so proud of her being such a brilliant star of tho fashionable world. It is really dsljghlful— Arcadian, I may say— to see how he idolise3 hor; it makes nio quite sad, . I declare, at times, when it reminds mo of my own young happy days.' I make no reply to thia tirade, and look long ingly in the direction whence tho North train will eventually appear. Mrs. Vandaleur puts on an air of gentle raillery, and shakes a playful finger at me. 'Ah, Mabel, dear, I hopo you have forgiven my sweet child her innocent supplanting of you?' '1 havo not forgiven Maud, JMra. Vandaleur. became - there was nothing to forgive. Maud was not to blame, and I'm sure things are best as they are ; I should never have been a star of tho fashionable world, and am better where I am.' ' Well, certainly ; the religious habit sait3 your style of face remarkably well.' ' And, what is of more consequence, the lifo I lead suits me remarkably well.' '' Well,' she says, giving a little sigh, as if tho interview had somehow beon not quito satis factory, 'it is altogether too delightful to havo seen you. I shall tell Maud and Donald what good news there is of you.'' I know perfectly well that she will never hint, in the remotest degree, at having seen me, and that she i3 lying with her U3ual graceful ease, so I make no leply. A few minutes more, and tho train has whirled Mrs. Yandaleur away ; tho baby-boy, with Donald's eyes, being told to ' kis3 hi3 band to the lady,' and obediently com plying. ' And I, too, presently go on my way ; not rejoicing exactly, but yet with a warm thought nestling at mv heart— the thought that Mrs. Forsythe remembered me at the last. 'Who can say with what strango keenness of intuition tho eye3 of the dying are gifted to discern tho true from the false 2 ? My master has found a home ia a foreign laud, where skilful treatment and a genial climate have restored his Lizzie to such a measure of- health and strength, as ho had nevor thought to see her enjoy. Thus the evening of their life i3 sweeter and brighter than its noontido. Kannio is their faithful attendant, and seams to have got over her feara of becoming ' ju3t a wee bit scrimpit boddio,' from feeding entirely on frog3— a penalty she had expected to pay for residing in foreign parts. The faithful creature has never quite recon ciled herself to my joining tho Hnghsh Church, and adopting my present mode of life. The first sight of me in my close bonnet and black dress was almost too much for her, and she was obliged to hide her face with her apron at intervals, aud so gain courage for another look. ? Perhaps tho calmness 'with which my master took these various changes helped to sooth Nannio's troubled iniud, fur sho said to me, just before we parted : ' Well, my lummie, wo cannot a' gang to Heaven one way ; and if one gaug3 in one dre33, and anitber in anitber, I reckon the Lord won't tako much note as long a3 the heart's right wi* Him.' Once, and once only, in all theso bag busy years I have aeon Donald, and thus it came about. My duties chanced to tako me to London for a time, and returning, late ono autumn evening, from a more than usually trying day's work, I noticed a carriage standing at tho open door of a house in ono of thosa fashionable squares in tho near neighborhood of which lie' tho haunts of want and vice-^splendor and poverty, luxury and hunger, jostling each other in a strange proximity.. . ?„ ? . In3ido tbe lofty hall of thia mansion, just where ablaze of light foil full upon her face, stood Maud, no longer girlish as of old, but still pas3ingfair. About her shoulders was gathered, in graceful fashion, something very soft ana white, and glistening, yet not brighter than tho sheen of her golden hair. , ; She was smiling up into his face— his — Donald's. A moment more and ho ran quickly down the broad steps, to give some order to the man-servant ; and, seeing my sister's dre33, with that sweet courtesy, ever such a winning trait in bis character, he bared his head a3 1 passed. With head bowed low, with fluttering heart, and failing breath, I hurried on through the long lamp-lit streets. Ah, Donald ! you did not know that it was Mabel who passed you by ! Thus, then, I saw my old love, and rejoiced with exceeding great joy, to see that it was well with him ; but I pray that I may never look npon his face again, for the old- pain stirs at the eight of the well-remembered smile. A life that ia full of purpose can never he 'un- happy, and therefore mino 13 one of content and peace ; but far away, like a picture that I once gazed upon with loving eyes that grew tear blinded, lies the memory of tho summer when Donald Forsythe loved me, and the river sang its .low song of joy as we stood by the perfumed briar in the meadow— !-tho summer long ' ago, ? when my short, sweet love-story began and ended ! 