TALES. ? ♦ ? , E D I N A . | '«v Mrs. HENRY WOOD, Author of 'East Lyxne.' rThe right of publication in Australia has been purchased by '? the proprietors of the Sydney If ail.] j Chapter XXXV. — Hard Lines. Lyixg in her darkened chamber, sick almost unto death, was Mrs. Frank Raynor. A baby, some few davs old, slept in a cot by the wall. No other child hacl been born to her until now, since that season of peril at Eagles' Nest : and just as her life had nearly paid the forfeit then, so it had again now. She was in danger still ; she, herself, thought dying. An attentive nurse moved noiselessly about the ? ctsinr) 'hv hprl. fnnnincr t.lip nnnr r*nlp room. ? 0 x''' face resting on it. The window was open as far as it ?would go, behind the blind : the invalid's persistent cry throughout the morning had been, ' Give me air ! ' A light, quick step on the stairs, and Frank entered. He took the fan from Edina's tired hand into his strong one ; and she seized on the opportunity * to go down to the kitchen to help Eve with the jelly \- ordered by Dr. Tymms ; a skilful practitioner, of repute, who had been in constant attendance. Daisy ?opened her eyes to look at her husband, and the nurse ?quitted the room, leaving them together. 'P ' ^*4 Boonget about again, my darling,' said frank, in his low, earnest, and most hopeful tones, ~at were worth their weight in gold to a sisk chamber. 'Tymtns assures me you are better this monunff.' T J # Daisy * Want 40 6et ahout,' faintly responded want to get about!' cried Frank, uncertain whether it would be best to treat the remark lightly, .a Posing fancy emanating from weakness, or to in father into it ; for everything said by his wife now bore this depressing tenor. ' you ought to know that I cannot wish it,' *he J-esumed. ' I do not know it, Daisy, my love. I know you should speak so.' 'I shall be glad to die.' I tn'i j nt a little lower, forgetting the fan. ' Daisy, .^^yand honestly believe that you will recover; that ?eo TFU® P®*®' has com? and gone. Tymms thinks are you co-ild hot have talked as you 'for * 8111 ^'8* it is so much the better to^w'Jf^i. ^.hand under the pillow, raising it slightly ?and ae&rer; hia, and epoke very tenderly Dro\S^!?? his own opinion as to her im ' XrJ J^tified, he fully believed. ?better S* are getting better, and will get Hut, were it as you ttnnk, Daisy — otherwise — all the more reason would exist for telling me what you mean, and why you have for so long a tioae been in this depressed state of mind. Let me know the cause, Daisy.' For a few minutes she did not answer, and there ensued a pause. Frank thought that she was deliberat ing whether or not she should answer — and he was not mistaken. She shut her eyes again, and he took up the fan. ' I have thought, while lying here, that I should like to tell you before I die,' spoke Deisy at laBt. ' But you don't need telling.' ' I do. I do, indeed.' ' It is because you no longer love me. You care for somebody else ; not for me.' In very astonishment, Frank let fall the fan on the counterpane. ' And who is — ' somebody else? ' Oh, you know.' ' Daisy, this is a serious charge, and you must answer me. I do not know.' She turned her face towards him, but so buried it on the pillow that hardly any of it was visible, not speaking. Frank waited ; he was ransacking his brains. ' Surely you cannot mean Edina ! ' A petulant, reproachful movement betrayed her anger. Edina ! who was an angel on earth, and so good to them all! — and older, besides. The tears began to drop slowly from her closed lashes, for she thought he must be 'playing with her. ' You will be sorry for it when I am gone, Frank. Edina!' ' Who is it, Daisy r ' A flush of hectic stole into her white cheeks, and the name was whispered so faintly that Frank had much ado to catch it. 'Rosaline Bell!' lie repeated, gazing at her in doubt and surprise, for the thought crossed him that her senses might be wandering. ' But, Daisy, sup pose we speak of this to-morrow instead of now,' he added as a measure of precaution. ' You ? ' ' We will speak of it now, or never,' she inter rupted vehemently. At least, as vehemently as any one can speak whose voice is faint at the best, and whose strength is of the lowest. And the sudden anger Frank's words gave her — for she deemed that he was acting altogether a deceitful part, and dared not speak — nerved her to tell out her grievances more fully than she might otherwise have had courage to do. Frank listened, to the s' .;vsstj;a; wit}- apparent equanimity; to the lo.-ig Irr.c * a^lo-al e nduct he had been indulging :r» c . .i-:- dav? atTren nach down to the p: » - attempt L«t refutation mad. ? vhr.v ? er ; the belief was too long ~ - r, ii. . quickly dispelled. 'I would have :r\\\ : n this,' concluded she, wii .. .. , sighs; 'all our misfbrtur ? sport to me in comparison t . ^ ?-, please. Perhaps she will feel some remorse when she hears ' I'm dead.' ' We will let it drop now then, Daisy,' assented Frank. ' But I have no more thought of RoBaliue than of the man in the moon.' ' Will you go away now, please, and send the nurse in ? ' ' What on earth is to be done : ' thought Frank, doing as he was ordered. ' With this wretched fancy hanging over her, she may never get well — never. Torment of mind in these critical cases some times means death.' 'How is slie now?' asked Edina, meeting him on the stairs. ' Just the same.' ' She seems so very unhappy in mind, Frank,' whispered Edina. ' I)o you know anything about it r ' ' She is low and weak at present, you see,' answered Frank, evasively. And he passed on. Frank Raynor was taking a mental review of the past. Of the admiration he had given to Rosaline Bell at Trennach ; of the solicitude he had e\inced for her (or, rather, fer her mother) ! since their stay in London. Of his con stant visits to them ; visits paid every three or four days at first ; later, daily or twice a day — for poor Mrs. Bell was now nearer her end than was I Daisy. Yes, he did see, looking at the past carefully and dispassionately, that Daisy (her suspicions having i been, as she had now confessed, first aroused by the tattle of the waiting-maid, Tabitha) might have fancied she saw grounds to feed her jealousy. She could not know, lacking the clue, that his friendship and solicitude for the Bells proceeded from a widely different cause. That clue she would never, as he believed, have furnished to her so long as she should live. ' What a blessing it would be if some people were born without tongues J' concluded Frank, thinking of Tabitha Float. The slight symptoms of improvement continued ; aud at sunset Frank Raynor knew that his wife's condition would bear the carrying out of an idea he had formed. It was yet daylight outside, though the drawn curtains made the room dark, when Daisy was conscious of a sad, beautiful face bending over her, and an entreating voice whose gentle tone told of sadness. ' Don't shrink from me, Mrs. Frank Raynor,' whispered Rosaline — for she it was. 'I am come to strive to put straight what I hear has been crooked.' And the few words she spoke — spoke earnestly and solemnly — brought peace to the unhappy wife's heart. Daisy was too ill to feel much self-reproach then, but it waB with some shame she found how mis taken she had been. ' Oh, believe me !' concluded Rosaline, ' I have never had a wrong thought of Mr. Frank Raynor ; nor has he had one of me. Had we been true brother and sister, our intercourse with each other could not have been more open and simple.' ' He — he liked you at Trennach, and you liked him,' murmured poor Daisy, three parts convinced, but tearful. ' People talked about it.' ' He liked me as an acquaintance, nothing more,'*' sighed Rosaline, passing over all mention of her own. early feelings. ' He was fond of talking and laughing with me, and I would laugh and talk back again. I was light-hearted then. But never, I solemnly de clare it, did a word of love, nor of affection, pass be tween us. And, in the midst of it, there fell upon, me and my mother the dreadful grief of my father's x unhappy death. I have never laughed since then.' ' I have been thinking all these past three years that he went to the house only to see you,' sobbed Daisy. Rosaline shook her head. 11 He has come en tirely for my mother. Without pay, for he will not take it, he has been unremittingly kind and atten tive, and has assuaged her pains on the way t-x death. God bless him! A few days, and I ehall never 6ee him again in this world. But I shall not forget what he has done for us ; and God will not forget it.' ' You are not going to die, are you?' cried poor puzzled Daisy. 'I am going to emigrate to New Zealand,' replied Rosaline. 'As soon as I shall have laid my dear mother in her last home — and Death's shadow ia even now upon her — I bid farewell to England for ever. We have relations who are settled near Wellington, and they are waiting to receive me. Were Sir. Raynor a free man, and had never pos sessed any other ties, there could be no question, now or ever, of love between him and me.' Daisy's delicate hand went out to clasp the not less delicate one that rested near her on the bed, and her cheeks took quite a red tinge for her own folly and mistakes in the past. A wonderful liking, fancy, admiration, esteem — she hardly knew what ta call it — was springing up in her heart for this sad and beautiful young woman, whom she had so miserably misjudged. 'Forgive me for my foolish thoughts,' she whis pered, quite a painful entreaty in her eyes. ' I wish. I had known you before: I would have made a friend of you.' ' Thank you, thank you !' warmly responded Rosa line. ' That is all I came to say ; but it's Heaven's truth. I, the unconscious cause of the trouble, am more sorry than you can be. Farewell, Mrs. Raynor* for now I must go back to my mother. I ever pray for your happiness . and your husband's.' ' Won't you kiss me ?' asked Daisy, with a rising sob. And Rosaline bent to do it. ♦« Are you convinced now, Daisy ?' questioned Frank, coming into the room when he had seen Rosa line out of the houBe. ' Are you happier?' All the answer she made was to lie on his arm and. BLUE MOUNTAINS— VIEW NEAB MOUNT VICTORIA. {Set page 7, Supplement.) cry Eilently, abjectly murmuring something that he could not hear. ' I thought it best to Ret Rosaline to come, as you would not relieve me. When I told her of the mis chief that was supposed to have been afloat, she was more eager to come than I to send her.' « Please forgive me, Frank ! Please don't be harsh -with me ! I am so ashamed of myself; so Borrv! ' 'It is over now ; don't think about it any more,' said he, kissing her verv fervently. ' I 'will never be so stupid again,' she sobbed. ' And — Frank — I think I shall — perhaps — get well now.' Rt saline had said that Death's shadow lay upon her mother even while she was talking with Mrs. Frank Raynor. In just twenty four hours after tliat, Death himself came. When the day's sunlight was fading, to give place to the tranquil stars and to the cooler air of night, Mrs. Bell passed peacefully away into her heavenly home. She had been a sad sufferer'; she and her sufferings were alike at rest now. It was some two hours later. The women had gone down stairs, and Rosaline was sitting alone, her eyes dry but her heart overwhelmed with its anguish, when Blase Pellet came to make a call of inquiiy. He had evinced true anxiety for the poor 6ick woman, and had often brought her little costly dainties, such as rare, choice fruit. And once — it was a positive fact — once when Rosaline was absent, Blase had sat down and read to her from the New Testa ment. ' Will you see her, Blase? ' asked Rosaline, as he stood still, half dumb with the news. ' She looks so peaceful.' Blase assented ; and they went together into the death chamber. Very peaceful. Yes, none could look more so. ' Poor old lady !' spoke Blase. ' I'm sure I feel very sorry ; almost as though it was my own mother. Was she sensible to the last r' 'Quite to the very last; and collected,' replied Rosaline, suppressing a sob in her throat. ' Mr. Frank Raynor called m the afternoon ; and I know he saw that nothing more could be done for her, though he did not say as much. She was very still after he left, lying with her eyes shut. When she opened them and saw me, she put up her hand for me to take it. ' I have been thinking about your father and that past trouble, dear,' she said. ' I am going to him ; and what has never been cleared up here will be. clear there.' They were nearly the last words she spoke.' 41 It's almost a pity but what it had been cleared up for her here,' said Blase. ' It might have set her un certainty at rest, don't you see. Sometimes I had three-part6 of a mind to tell it her. She'd have thought a little less of Mr. Frank Raynor if I had told.' Rosaline, standing on one side the bed, cast a steady look on the young man, standing on the other. 'Blase,' she said, 'I think the time has come for me to ask you whivt you mean. As you well know, it is not your first hint, by many a one, in regard to what you saw that fatal night at Trennach. I have wanted to set you right ; but I was obliged to avoid the subject while my mother lived ; for had the real truth reached her she might have died of it.' ' Died of it ! — Set me right !' repeated Blase, gazing back at Rosaline. 'By the half words which you have allowed to escape you from time to time I gather that you have believed my unfortunate father owed his death to Mr. Frank Raynor.' ' So he did,' said Blase. ' So he did not, Blase. It was I who killed my father.' The assertion seemed to confound him. But for the emotion that Rosaline was struggling with, her im pressive tones, and the dead woman lying there, across whom they spoke, Blase might have deemed she was essaying to deceive him, and accorded her no belief. 'Are you doubting my words, Blase r' she asked. Listen. In going home from Granny Sandon's that night, I took the street way, and saw you standing outside the shop, preparing to shut it up. You nodded to me across the street, and I thought you meant to follow me as soon as you were at liberty. When I was beyond your eight, I set off to run, and should have been at home before you could have caught me up but for meeting clerk Trim's wife. She kept me talking for I cannot tell how long, xelating some grievous tale about an accident that happened to her Bister at Pendon. I did not like to leave her in the middle of it ; but I got away as soon as I could, though I dare say a quarter of an hour had been lost. As I reached the middle of the plain, I turned round and saw Bome one following me at a distance, and I made no doubt it was you. At that same moment Mr. Frank Raynor met me, and began telling me of a fight that had taken place between Molly Janes and her husband, and of the woman's injuries, whi- h he had been then attending to. It did not occupy about a minute ; but, during that minute, while I was stand ing, you were advanciug. I feared you would catch me up ; and I wished Mr. Frank a hurried good night, and ran across to hide behind the mounds while you paBsed by. He did not understand the motive of my sudden movement and followed me to ask what was the matter. I told him : that I had seen you coming, and I did not want you to join me. When I thought you must have gone by, I stole out to look ; and, as I could not see you, thought what good speed you had made, to be already out of sight. It never occurred to me to Buppose you had come to the mounds, in stead of passing on.' ' But 1 had come to them,' interrupted Blaze eagerly. ' My eyes are keener than most people's ana I knew you both ; and I saw you dart acrosB, and Raynor after you. So I followed.' ' Well — in very heedlessness, in playfulness, I ran up to the mouth of the shaft, and pretended to be listening for Dan Sandon's ghost. Mr. Raynor seized hold of me ; for I was too near the edge, and the least false step might have been fatal. Not a moment had we stood, there ; not a moment ; when a shout, fol lowed by a blow on Mr. Raynor's shoulder, startled us. It was my poor father. He was raising his stick for another blow when I, in my terror, pushed between him and Mr. Raynor to part them. With all my strength — and a terrified woman possesses strength — I flung them apart, not knowing the mouth of the pit was so near. I flung my father into it, JBtose.' ' Good mercy ! ' ejaculated Blase. ' Mr. Frank Raynor leaped forward to save him, and nearly lost his twn life in consequence : it was an even touch whether he followed my father, or whether he could balance himself backwards. I seized his coat, and I believe — he believes— that that alone saved him.' ' Isaw the scuffle,' gasped Blase. 'I could have taken my oath that it was Raynor who pushed your lather im' 1 ' I am telling the truth in the presence of my dead mother and before Heaven,' Bpoke Rosaline, lifting her hands in solemnity. ' Do you doubt it, Blase Pellet?' ' No— no ; I can't, I don't,' confessed Blase. ' Moonlight's deceptive. And the wind was rushing along, like mad, between my eyes and the shaft.' 'I only meant to part them,' wailed Rosaline. ' And, bnt that my poor father was unsteady in gait that night, he need not have fallen. It is true I pushed him close to the brink, and there he tottered, in his unsteadiness, for the space of a second, and fell backwards * his poor lameness 'n^p liim awkward at the best of times. A stronger wnan, sure of his feet, need not and would not have fallen in. But oh, Blase, 'hat's no excuse for me ! It does not lessen my guilt or my misery one iota. It was I who killed — I, I !' ' Has Mr. Raynor known this all along ?' asked Blase, whose faculties for the moment were some what confused. J Rosaline looked at him in surprise. ' Known it f Why, he waS 'an actor in it. Ah, Blase, you have been holding Mr. Raynor guilty in your suspicious heart ; he knows you have ; and he has been keeping the secret out of compassion lor me, bearing your ill ' thoughts in silent patience. All these four years he has been dreading that you would bring the accusa tion against him publicly. It has been in your heart — I know it has — to accuse him of my father's murder.' j 'No, not really,' said Blase, knitting his brows. ' I should never have done it. I only wanted him to think so.' J ' And, see you not what it would have involved ? j I honestly believe that Frank Raynor would never have cleared himself at my expense, but he feared that I should speak and clear him. As I should have ' done. And that would have gone wellnigh to kill my poor mother. For my sake Mr Raynor has borne all | this, borne with you,' doing what lay in his power to ward off exposure.' ' He always favoured you,' spoke Blase in a crest fallen tone. ' Not for the sake of that has he done it,' quickly returned Rosaline. ' He takes his share of blame for that night's work ; and trill take it, in spite of blame not attaching to him. Had he gone straight home as I bade him, and not followed me to the mounds, it would not have happened, he says ; so he reproaches himself. Ajid that, so far, is true. It was a dreadful thing for both of us, Blase.' ' ' I wish it had been him instead of you,' retorted Blase. 'You know that our old clergyman at Trennach, Mr. Pine, was in London last Easter and came here to see my mother,' resumed Rosaline. 'I privately asked him to let me have half an hour alone with him, and he said I might call on him at his lodgings. I went ; and I told him what I have now told you, Blase ; and at my request he got a lawyer there, who drew up this statement of mine in due form, and I swore to its truth and signed it in their .presence. A copy of this, sealed and attested, has been handed to Mr. Raynor ; Mr. Pine keeps another copy. I do not suppose they will ever need to be used ; but there the deeds are, in case of need. It was right that some guarantee of the truth should be given to secure Mr. Raynor, as I was intending to go to the other end of the world.' ' It sounds altogether like a tale,' cried Blase. ' A very hideous one.' ' And, as to your going to the end of the world, Rosaline, you know that you need not do it. I am well off, now my father's dead, and ? ' She held up her hand warningly. ' Blase, you know this is an interdicted subject. I shall never, never marry in this world ; and, of all men in it, the two whom I would least marry are you and Mr. Raynor. He takes a share of that night's blame ; you may take at least an equal share ; for, had you not persisted in following me from Trennach, when you knew it would be distasteful to me, I should have had no need to seek refuge in the mounds, and the calamity could not have occurred. Never speak to me of marriage again, Blase.' ' It's very hard lines,' grumbled Blase. ' And are not my lines hard? And have not Mr. Frank Raynor's been hard? But oh, Blase, dear Blase,' she softly added, ' let us remember, to our consolation, that these ' hard lines ' are but sent to us in mercy. Without them, and the discipline they bring, we might never seek to gain heaven. ' 