GREEN HILLS (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) May 4. Although I have to mention one fatal case of scarlet fever, which has occurred in the family of Mr. James Treloar, of Condah Swamp, since I last wrote, I have much satisfaction in giving expression to the general opinion in the district that the epidemic is dying out, and that shortly its visitation will be looked npon only u a thing of tbe past. Except near Spring Creek and towards the Swamp (Condah), the fever has been of a very mild character ; so muoh so, indeed, that had it not been known that the epidemic was abroad, many instances would have been merely regarded as a common cold. Mild, however, as its character has been, it will be a relief to be altogether free from its pre- sence. The excitement, such as it was, arising from the turning of the first sod of the rail- way this week, has passed away, and the demonstration seems already forgotten — at least I never hear it spoken of. There has all along existed in this part much apparent apathy respecting the railway — an indiffer- ence arising from inexperience of the changess wrought in such a line of country as this by its bring traversed with the iron road ; and, on the other hand, by parties interested, as they suppose, in things remaining as they are. To this latter belong the numerous class of carriers both by hone and bullock teams. The Governor passed through bere on Saturday last, accompanied only by Mr. Cooke, of Murndal, ou a visit to S. P. Winter, Eeo. It was exuected that he would have been accompanied as far as tbe GreenbiiiB by some of the Portland borough members and shire councillors ; also that the members of the Ministry who had honoured tbe de monstration intended by this route visiting tbe north-western parts of the distr cL But tbe expectation was doomed to disapisiiiii- ment, and so far, Portland hu bad all the expense and all the glory of the turning of tbe first sod. The amount of traffic passing in grain, flour, ant! bark, iB still very lug and au observer would naturally suppose that bread stuffs must shortly be cheap ; but lam told that much inferior grain bu been honsed this year, and consequently the quantity of really, good flour will not be in eucli excess aa might : X wasvirited on Sunday by Vjitson fifam! Eumerel la, who bad been out -to Harton Hills to see tire ghost. His gboatabip did not,- however, put in an . appearance that eyeniag, although he did the next. Krom the descrip Hun Riven to- me, X have no doubt that -the feita cohntry' fat home- Wfll-o -tbe-Wtsp or Jack-o'-tie-Laotern- He does not present himself in any defined ebaM._bnt .luminous appearance is Been a lhort distance above the «£und, which retreata bn tire utproach of the observer, and vice cersa. - Sometimes. t ekima down the side of the gnlly (aa a bred might do) to fa tree ver » d»>P waterhole, into %Sfeh it disappear after nanamzng etationarv for a time, and again sometimes resp(whlring,' but notzdways. This „ exactly whata Will-u'-the-Wiep wonld do and I am Mot surprised -that no one bu yet been able ito catch him, even on horseback. 