EASY CHAIR JOTTINGS. THE rumour in political circles is, that Sir James M'Culloch and his colleagues were delighted that their proposal to purchase the Hobson's Bay Railway was not carried, as they will now be in a position to withdraw their whole scheme, prorogue the Assembly, and go to the country with an amended railway policy. For my own part I do not believe a word of this. No railway policy which the geniuB of man could enunciate would satisfy the constituents. The districts not favoured with railways would make common cause, and as these would necessarily be more numerous than the localities favoured with railways, the Ministry would go to smash in no time. Besides, it wi11 be quite as much as any candidate will be able to do, to carry M'Culloch- on his back at the next election, but M'Culloch plus his railway would be more dead' weight than could be carried, save in a few well bribed districts. Sir James is too wily a chiel to try any such hazardous -games. Great will be the fall of Hobson's Bay shares now that the negotiations with the Government are broken off. Already they have declined in value; but with an opposition line and a canal in prospective, and with no chance of selling' to the State, the shares will decline to and remain among the fifties—about their real value. Some persons will burn their fingers over the transaction, and if they have been lured on by political friends, the verdict will be " served them right." Sir Gavan Duffy's lecture has been quite amine of wealth to the editors of up-country journals in the present dull times. They have found a most congenial something to do in analysing Sir Gavan's thoughtful- emanation. No man who has not passed through the ordeal, can tell the utter hopelessness of an editor on the rampage for a subject for a leader. In the lecture referred to there are subjects galore, and the needy editor turns again and again to its pages for inspiration. The suggestions made by Sir Gavan are eminently practical, and of the highest value, from a social as well as from an economic point of view. The lecture cannot be too widely read or too frequently com mented on. It is difficult to say what is most to be admired—Sir James M'Culloch's pretended innocence, or his impudence. On the occasion of the debate on Mr. Bent's motion, that the price to be paid for the Hobson's Bay Railway should not exceed £80 per shore, the astute Premier read a memo from the directors of the company, stating that they would not abate from the terms agreed to by the Government. The little dodge . was . too palpable, and honourable members saw through it. You should know by this time, Sir James, that on the eve of a general election, and with their own purposes to serve, and their seats to look after, the people's representatives are not so easily -hoodwinked..: OB such occasions. ' Tbey ain't the kind of cattle ' As is ketched with mouldy corn. CI am glad to see that an effort has been made to put down the: low .dancing-roomB with ..which Melbourne in common with other large towns abound. It is difficult to arrive at an estimate of the number 'of youths of batlrBexes who owe their first '•step a downward career 'to these abominable places, fo^have ruihed, T>ofly' and sptu, many a brave youth ant maiden hair, ancL liave £roughtt)b.e gney liead ofmanya par$nt,wi^i sorrow to the grave. They should bestamped out mercilessly. Sir George Bowen has beeto following up his.genial occupation^ after-dinner speech-making. As the banquet board is about the only place where a Governor can give expression to his sentiments without stepping outside his vice-regal position, Sir George generally avails himself of it to say something witty and pleasant. His latest speech was at the Agricultural Show at Kilmore, when he said a word of praise in favour of his countrymen. " By the way (said' he) I may say that I am aware that there is a strong Irish element in the population of Kilmore. I would congratulate them on the success which attends Irish energy and ability in Australia as elsewhere. From Governors downwards, whatever Irishmen may have suffered at home, there can be no doubt but that they govern the world abroad, or at least that very large portion of the world, about one fifth, which is comprised within the British Empire. At the present moment all the Governors in Australia are Irishmen, with one single exception—Sir A. Musgrave—and he is going to Jamaica, and will be replaced at Adelaide by Mr. Governor Cairns, who is an Irishman, and brother of Lord Cairns, the Lord Chancellor of England. So the Governor of Ceylon (Sir Wm. Gregory) is an Irishman; so, too, is Lord Dufferin, the Governor- General of Canada; so also Sir Arthur Kennedy, at Hong Kong; so also Mr. Pope Hennessy, at Barbadoes ; and I am delighted to know that Irishmen pull well together in these colonies, and live in harmony with their fellow-colonists of all races and creeds. This is important everywhere, ana especially in agricultural districts. Agriculture, gentlemen, like a constitutional Governor, is of no party in politics. When my noble friend the Duke of Abercorn, the able and popular Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, visited the annual show of the Royal Agricultural Society at Galway, he was met by two processions carrying the rival orange and green flags. ' Men of Galway,' he said, 'believe me that your prosperity depends on the colour of your crops far more than on the colour of your flags. If your crops are green in spring, and orange in autumn, you need no, care about your flags." Mr. M'Bain, the chairman on the occasion, felt his national vanity touched? by the remarks of Sir George, so that, in reply to a toast, he stated that his Excellency had lavished so much praise on his own countrymen, he might inform him that there were also Englishmen and Scotchmen here, and while there was only one Irish Governor, every Scotchman was governor in his own house" and in his own district. Sir George in explanation admitted that Scotchmen had formerly governed the world, but they had all died, and if we were to believe in the old adage that a live dog is better than a dead lion, what could they say about live Irishmen being better than dead Scotchmen. It is astounding how touchy some men are. Irishmen are ofttimes abused and hard things are said about them, but as soon as they get a little praise, even in an after-dinner speech, some Caledonian gets his back up, and endeavours to dance round and make things unpleasant. Now that Mr. Wrixon has turned on his benefactor, I should say that Sir James McCulloch's cup of bitterness was nearly full. Had Koroit been added to Belfast, as it should have been, Mr. Wrixon's political days would have been numbered. Sir James McCulloch and Mr. MacPherson, however, came to the rescue, and violating every principle of their electoral scheme, created what was considered a safe place for the milk and water politician.: Mr. Wrixon, however, finding that he cannot hope to regain his seat in the Assembly if he attempts to carry Sir James McCulloch on his shoulders, at once tips that unpopular leader over and joins the tanks of the enemy. It is not likely, however, that Mr. Wrixon will succeed as easily as he anticipates in hoodwinking his constituents. The fitting reward for. his > intrigue and treachery would be his relegation to the obscurity of private life for a year or two. : The following characteristic advertisement appears in an Irish paper. The incongruous publishing of things sacred and profane is most deplorable :— Land-steward and Sub-agent wanted.— A, steward andlandagent is wanted for the Acbill Mission Estate. Applications with copies of testimonials, to be addressed to the trustees of the Achill Mission, Achill, Newport, Mayo.. ,It is requested that none will-apply who .dp not possesp the following qualifications:—1st. A practical knowledge of the reclamation and imrovement of mountain land'. 2ndly. Such a general knowledge, of masens'-and. -carpenters' .work as wpl qualify-the agept to make contracts with .. tradesmen ! for ,the erection and repairs of; buildings and to Bee that: the works are well executed. Srdly. A knowledge of bookkeeping and general accounts, qualifying the agent to collect the rents and to manage all money transactions with the tenants. 4thly. The agent must be a member and communicant of the Irish Church, whose antecedents prove him to be an earnest Christian, ' full of the Holy Ghost and of wisdom,' who can sympathise with the poor, and work before God for the benefit of the tenantry, whether Protestant or Roman Catholics, cordially and continually carrying out the orders of the trustees of the estate in all their plans, to improve their habits, their dwellings, and their holdings, and in every way to forward their temporal interests, delighting to follow the example of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, who ' went about doing good.' The salary will be, at least, £120, with a house and a small portion of land. N.B.— It is particulary requested that only copies of testimonials will be forwarded, as the trustees will not be responsible for any documents which may be sent to them. Security for ,£500 will be required. TAPLEY. 