HAUNTED. [From All the Year Round.] There broods no shadow o'er these ancien walls, Where the bright roses clamber; As flutily she mellow blackbird calls, As ailveriy the fountain spirts and falls, As what, of old, her face from yoader dumber Looked forth at dewy morning early, While yet the moon, a orescent pale and pearly, Hong low 1b tbe blue west, and all the east ni amber. There broods no shadow, Much, as evil times And fallen fortunes summon, cold and grey, Beneath whose abroad creeps the alow ghonl decay, . -. .... ? .-.. i . Slow bnt Insatiate. Wild unwonted crimes, And nameless sorrows have not pall'd .the place. With bodiless gloom, more dread than daik ness*?elf. The weird, wan>visaged erf. Solitude, voiceless mate of idlenae, keeps No endless vig&here.; A ring-dove sleeps, ScH-Traimed, upon the porch. Joy's song la ohannted By happy lips of children all day long. It is a home of peaoe and summer song; And yet, the place is haunted ! The heart-loved haunts of memory are thronged i With gentle ghosts, Oat ohm us not, nor ] chide. ; Once through these flower-pied paths a form did glide, Whose sonny eyes shine happier e'er the yean, And brighter through my tears. That far-off spring with aweeter birds was song'd Taan any summer now, becaute her Toioe 3ang refrain to all carols. In my heart The mutic ebhoes still; oh, heart, rejoice That aught so deaf and deathless tnay have birth ,? In this ?ire?umbered eatth i Here I* tbe curl she dips. Its fellows now Show silver 'gainst ita sable, yet within Ail wakes to youth at thought of her. The din Of desperate life of wild and strenuous days, Has never drowned those low, love-burdened lays She sang to me at twilight here. Ah strange! Was It last even? Here? The changeful range Of three long deoades shrinks, sad Is ! I'm poire to pulse again with the dim long ago. See, there she glides, he* long toft hair un bound, . | Her lightsome feet scarce pressing the glad i ground, More than some flying leaf! Oaa tears' so quicken sight, and phantoms •hape From snemory'sahadowa ? Thee I cannot drape With any veil of age, or garb of grief; So young, so bright, w gay, Adenfsenef day Thou wart, thou art; not even death hath : To shadow thee. This was thy favorite bower, This, tibia—and still, as ere thine eyes did dose, Tbe honeysuckle mingles with the rose, A benisbn on those soft stranger bands That have been tender with this leafy screen; In what dear visions seen On lonely nights, in far and flowerless lands! A gentle apirit-teush is on mine *yes, Soft as thy lips were. Should thy wraith arise Between me and the sun, wert then more near, Oh darling of my youth, long dead, yet doubly dear? Haunted! This garden was her best-loved realm, Prom lilac time to leaf falL Branchy elm, Peers not a face between thy leafy low 8 ward- sweeping boughs ? Ah no ! To-day the nodding roses know her not, Even the gentle lily hath forgot The gentler hands that tended, long ago, Its bnda of breaking snow. Qaiek Nature holds no.memory of the dead ; tihosts of slain blossoms, leaves that last year ahed, Haunt not her greyett hours. The roses live But for tiie living, and aolrsgranoe give To parted spirits, though their blossoms wave Above a green and unforgotten grave. Han only lives in memory** ground enchanted ; Only the heart is haunted. 