THE MERCURY: TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 30, 1876. A CORRESPONDENT, writing in another column under the MOHI de plume of " VERITAS," has taken up the cudgels on behalf of the Permissive Bill, in reply to the paper on that subject read by Professor JEVONS before the Manchester Statistical, Society, and reproduced, in a summarised form, in this journal of last Saturday. We might leave " VERITAS " and " GOOD TEMPLAR " in juxtaposition as fair exponents of two different schools of thought on this subject. But the letter of the former is such an admirable specimen of the sort of reasoning that obtains currency on temperance platforms as sound logic and unanswerable argument that, in justice to the position we took upon Saturday morning, we shall take the trouble of analysing it, and exposing a few of its' weaknesses. On great questions of this nature the office of the journalist seems to be, without committing himself unreservedly to one side or the other, to carefully watch the progress of the discussion, and assist in evolving the truth by seeing that both sides have a fair field and no favour, and subjecting whatever may be advanced, either for or against to a rigorous examination. It is our duty to tell the jury, who on this occasion are the whole people, what value they must set on the speech of the learned counsel for the defence. After a few introductory remarks which lead naturally up to his subject, " VERITAS" proceeds to reply to Professor JEVONS'S objections to the Permissive Bill. Dealing first with the PRO- FESSOR'S objection that the Bill is not likely to become law within any calculable time, our correspondent appeals to the Parliamentary history of the past half-century to show that this giant in the way is, after all, only a man of straw, who will fall ignominiously with but a single touch from the lance of truth. He bids us look back to the ballot, the repeal of the corn laws, and the disestablishment of the Irish Church and he asks with an air of triumph, whether the political outlook before those important measures, which are all now accomplished facts, was not, for a long time, at least as dark and dishearten- ing as that which at the present moment con- fronts the Permissive Bill. The inference he would have us draw from this is, that the measure which the Alliance has been called into existence to pass, will also, if diligently and perseveringly advocated, become law sooner than even its most sanguine supporters anticipate. But such an inference, we take it, can hardly hold. The Permissive Bill differs from the other measures both in degree and kind. For many years the great mass of the people had been clamorously demanding the ballot for the purpose of securing political equality. By the old system of open young men dependent upon others for their livelihood were often placed in painful positions. If the voter were a Liberal, and his employer a Conservative, or vice versa, the employer was sometimes in the habit of "putting on the screw." Three courses were then open to the voter : he must either abstain from voting, or vote for the candidate whose principles he detested, or be thrown on the world a beggar. So tyrannous was this power abused, and so many glaring and shameful cases of hardship and cruelty, owing to it, were constantly coming to light, that the working classes of England arose in their might, after the new Reform Bill of 1868, and trampled it down so effectively that not even its poor ghost will over rise again. Is there anything similar to this in the conditions of the Permissive Bill ? If there be, we have failed to discover it. With regard to the repeal of the corn laws, the grievance was felt by the whole population, except the small fraction of landholders and farmers who flourished on scarcity, and fat boned and filled their coffers while hundreds and thousands were dying slowly of starvation. There was something substantial here to agitate about ¡ no supposititious grievance, no fanciful wrong ; but a grievance and a wrong from which the nation suffered, The ports were thrown open for foreign corn and bread in England, since 1848, has been a cheap commodity, and the people have in consequence been happy and contented. Here, also, we see no resemblance to the conditions of the Permissive Bill. Then, again, with respect to the disestablishment of the Irish Church. In this case, revenues derived from five millions of people were appropriated by, and expended upon, less than as many hundred thousand in support of an alien religion. It was necessary to establish the principle that what was given by the whole nation in aid of a national church should not be squandered upon a favoured seem that only represented a minute fraction of the people. There is a radical difference between the object of the Permissive Bill and that for the dis- establishment of the Irish Church. " VERITAS" then proceeds, in the orthodox fashion, to darken counsel by words without knowledge He sets before us two opposite interests, namely, the merchants and manufacturers on one side and the brewers and distillers on the other, and expresses his belief that the former, by some unexplained means, will try to prevent the latter from amassing colossal fortunes in the pursuit of their business-which is simply nonsense. It surely cannot be correct, as advanced by our correspondent, that intemperance is the cause of certain kinds of manufactured goods being produced cheaper on the Continent and in America than in England, because the workmen of the Continent and America are quite as intemperate as their English brethren. We should rather attribute it to strikes, and high wages, and other causes, which have only the most remote connection with the excessive consume tion "of intoxicating drinks. H By way of proving that the people of England are coming round to the principles of the Permissive Bill, "VERITAS" appeals to the recent election atMaiichcster,when Mr. JACOB BRIGHT was returned to Parliament. Our correspondent could hardly have chosen a more felicitous illustration. The "so large a majority " who voted for Mr. BRIGHT was some sixteen hundred and as about forty-two thousand electors came up to the ballot-box, the " large majority dwindle down to a very small one indeed. For every hundred persons who voted for Mr. Bitunrr, ninety-six voted for his opponent and something very different from that will have The done by the friends of the Permissive Bill when that measure' comes if it should ever reach that stage to be fought out by the 'ratepayers! " Besides, the Manchester election' was not decided on Permissive" Bill principles. Probably one-half of Mr. BRIGHT'S ' supporters, and three-fourths of those of the Conservative candidate, would give their votes t dead against the local adoption of the Permissive ' Bill.' Liberalism, and the principles of the United Kingdom Alliance have not yet, we are happy to say, become convertible terms. Our correspondent next addresses himself to the" question of the" probable adoption of the , measure, after it has become law, by localities ; / and here again his arguments are illogical and his conclusions!unsound.,,, Before going further, however, let us assure " VERITAS " that both Professor JEVONS and ourselves are as sensible as he himself can be of the enormous evils of an unrestrained ; liquor traffic ; the difference between us here; as to choice of means. We advocate mild, almost unfelt, but I still effective, coercion ; he, and those who' I think with him, advocate nothing less than taking the bull by; the horns, when, just as likely as not, the bull may prove the stronger of the two. We would carefully lubricate the wheels of temperance reform, and remove the | obstacles that block up its path ; the Permissive Bill men, on the other hand, would make the delicate machine fly at lightning speed, forgetting that its works may got out of order, and that its road is filled with fatal obstructions. But to return. " VERITAS " refers us to a colliery village in Northumberland where, by a voluntary arrangement with the proprietors, a vote was taken as to whether the public- houses there should be closed or not." Out of 489 voters, 440, it appears pre nounced in favour of prohibition, and our correspondent asks us to infer that because this A small community of miners voted for prohibition, other communities throughout the country would I do so likewise. We venture to say that) gene- ! rally speaking, they would do nothing of the J sort. It is the large towns from which the one will have to be taken in this matter, and as far as we can interpret the signs of the times, the large towns will not have the Bill. And if here and there a few country parishes could be induced to accept the measure, its effect would be rendered nugatory if the traffic were allowed to continue in the neighbouring market town. As to the compensation of the licensed victuallers, on which Professor JEVONS laid so much stress, our correspondent certainly has failed in his attempt to reason it away. There is not the slightest analogy between his illustration of the hotels on our main line of road being I injured by the. formation of the railway, and the sudden suppression of a whole trade on which thousands have embarked their capital and depend for subsistence. We-are too near the end of our space, else we could easily show the fallacy, which, indeed, is transparent, of our correspondent's reasoning on this subject. With the expressions in the report of Convocation on intemperance in the province of Canterbury, with which our correspondent concludes, we cordially agree ; but we fail to see how they affect the position taken up by Professor JevoNS. On the whole, the letter of " VERITAS " strikes us as being an earnest, but not very successful, attempt to support a cause which cannot stand of itself, but it is useful as showing the way in which this subject is talked about by men who, on other subjects, are often very logical and acute. i ' TlIKlÍEl'UteBNTATlÓN OF OATLANDS Mr. George Wilson, who has represented Oatlands in the House of Assembly since September, 1871, has sent in his resignation, and his address intimating this to the electors will be found in our advertising columns. Mr. Wilson assigns as the reason for the step he has taken the fact that the claims which his own affairs make on his time prevent his' paying that attention to his parliamentary duties which he considers due to the constituency. We cannot say that we are altogether taken by surprise at the step Mr. Wilson has resolved upon, however much we may regret it. Mr. Wilson is one of a class whom we can ill spare. Thoroughly upright and independent in character, he sought in the discharge of his duty, but one object-the" good of the Colony. He was a working rather than a speaking Member, though when occasion required, he gave in few words the . reasons for the vote he intended to give, and even this was unnecessary, for whether they from whom he differed approved of the conclusion at which he arrived or not, no one over thought of challenging the integrity of Mr. George Wilson's purpose and thus his support gave to Government perhaps more moral weight and influence than the most brilliant eloquence could have done. Not exposed to being himself supposed to hanker after office, he had no sympathy with the notice of place-hunters, and we fear that his dis- like to being mixed up with the parliamentary squabbles that are evidently impending has had some influence in inducing him to seek that retirement. from public life which is more congenial to his habits. We have not heard of any movement in favour of a successor in fact, we do not suppose ! that there has been any opportunity, as though a long contemplated by himself, Mr. Wilson'sVesigua- , tion just now will likely come on the constituency ' with something like a surprise. One thing we are sure of : Oatlands may get a more demonstrative and brilliant member ; certainly not a more worthy and independent one. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN TELEGRAMS. To day being declared a holiday in South Australia in honour of the anniversary of Her Majesty's accession to the throne, all the telegraph stations in South Australia will be closed from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. UNCLAIMED TELEGRAM. There is a telegram lying at the Telegraph Office, addressed " Mrs. Johnston, 4 Warwick-street." The messenger was unable to find such a person TASMANIAN ANTIQUITIES-AcorrospondentwriteB: The first book almanack published in Tasmania was for the year 1824. Can any reader say when the first " sheet " almanack was issued ? Was there an earlier issue than 1834 SUPREME COURT.-The second term begins tr. day, and will end on the 8th July. The Court will not sit to-day., ;, as CITY POLICE COURT.-At the Police Court yes- day a man charged with having been drunk and disorderly on Saturday last was lined 5s., or subjected to the usual alternative in default of payment ;, and a man charged with having committed a similar offence on Sunday, was dealt with in the same manner. A man charged with having disturbed the peace on the wharf on Sunday was fined 10s. 6d., or ordered to gaol for 14 days. Mr. Crisp, J.P,., was the presiding magistrate, Alderman Addison,'' Brownell, and Maher, also being seated upon the bench. The second magistrate for to-day will to Mr. Jas. Robertson, J.P. BOARD OF EDUCATION EXHIBITION-The examination of candidates for the exhibitions offered by the Board of Education began yesterday in the Board Room, Public Buildings, Hobart Town, and the Education Office, Launceston. There are nine male and two female candidates. j 1 COLLECIIATE SCHOOL ENTERTAINMENT This evening the usual half-yearly entertainment by the pupils of this school will be given in the Oddfellows' Hall. GOOD TEMPLARS' M RETIÑÍ».- A public meeting in connection with the order of Good Templars is to be held in the Memorial Hall school-room this over ing. There will be addresses, readings, music, etc. TEMPERANCE GOULD-In connection with the annual festival of the Temperance Guild of S. John the Baptist, a special service is to be held on Friday next, at 7 p.m. ; when addresses will be delivered and on Tuesday, the 27th inst., a parish and guild tea-meeting will be held. LECTURES ON CROMWELL The Rev. D. Porteus is announced to deliver two lectures on " Oliver Co on well and his times in the Mechanics' Institute -the first on Monday next, and the second on Monday, 3rd July. THE BILLIARDS CHAMPION Mr. J. C. Hadley announces in our advertising columns that he is negotiating with Roberts, jun., to play a series of exhibition ma telles in Hobart Town, and his felicity early application for tickets, to enable him to complete an rangements. The subscription season tickets have been fixed at one guinea. Lists am now lying at the Criterion, Union Club, and Ship Hotel, for sub- scribers' signatures. BY,, : BANK OF AUSTRALIASIA is notified that a branch of this bank is now open at Fingal for the transac- tion of business.'; ?" So' as TASMANIAN QLIJII.-A special general meeting of members is to be held at the Club House on Monday, 26th Inst," at 4 p.m. ACCIDENT Henry Fielding, a guard on the Main Line Railway, while coupling two carriages yesterday morning, had his hand crushed between the buffers. He was removed for medical treatment to the hospital, where he remains. ORGAN RECITAL Mr. F. A. Packer, the honorary organist, gave a performance on the Town Hall organ last night, before a large and, appreciative audience. The programme comprised the following selections Overture for organ (Adams) ; Duct, "Judgment?', (Spohr); Grand March (Nicholas Heins) ; Selection, '* Puritain " (Bellini) ; Air, "With Verdure Clad," "Creation" (Haydn) Trompette de la Guerre (S. Smith) ; Fantasia (Guilmant) ;? Transcription, "Lucia" (Donizetti). The performance was of a high order of merit, and seemed to be much enjoyed by all present.' ' THE AUSTRALIAN BLONDIN. The high rope performances of Mr! Lestrange were again repeated last, night in the domain. There were about 300 people present, and their approval of the clever manner in which the various feats were performed was frequently testified. The pyrotechnic display at the conclusion of the entertainment was much admired, and a display upon a smaller scale, made before the close, was very nicely arranged, and also came in for a fair share of praise. To-night and to-morrow night are announced as positively the last occasions on which Blondin will appear. BLUE GUNSON all the drugs employed by Dr. TBucquoy, of Cochin Hospital, Paris, in pulmonary gangrene, none have given him, he asserts, better results than eucalyptus globulus. He uses it in the ' form of an alcoholic, two grammes (half a drachm) daily iii a mixture of water, gum, orange-flower water, and syrup. Out of the various cases he has had under his care at Cochin, five ended in cure, whilst in all the others there was a favourable modification of the odour of the breath-the spurs and the violent cough, after carbolic acid had failed.- A ryan, 15th June, 1870. SUDDEN DEATH, ATTRIBUTABLe: TO NIGHT RACING. -An) inquest was held on Thursday, the 1st June, at Goulburn, by the coroner (Mr. A. M. Betts), on the body of Eliza Prior, 19 years, who had died sud : denly that morning. From the Penny Post we take the following abstract of evidence:-Albert Prior, father of'the'deceased, deposed that for the last [ week she had complained of pains in her ankles and legs', and since Tuesday had been in bed. Dr. Davidson attended her, he first seeing her on Wednesday. She never suffered from heart disease or fits of any kind, and they did not consider her illness on Wednesday to be serious. Witness saw her on Thursday morning in her bedroom, about half-past 8 o'clock, when she thought she was a little better. About half an hour afterwards, in consequence of a message he received, witness went into her room and found her complaining of great pain in her head and across her chest ; he went for Dr. Davidson, and on his return he found his daughter in convulsions, and she died in about two minutes. Dr. Davidson deposed that, on Wednesday afternoon he was called to attend deceased ; he found her suffering from rheumatic fever, complaining of pains in several of her joints. He left instructions how she | was to be treated, and supplied the medicines which he considered necessary to her case. Did not hear I again of her until he was hastily summoned on [ Thursday morning, when he found her dead. He made a past mortem examination of deceased. On opening the cavities of the chest and the abdomen, the first thing he was struck with was the immense enlargement of the liver and displacement of that organ from its natural position, pressing on the cavity of the chest and interfering with the action of the organs there, especially of the heart This condition must have been of long duration, and is probably attributable to wearing her clothes tight. The jury found that Eliza Prior died from the axis tence of a fibrous clot in one of the openings of the J C heart, aided by the rheumatic, affection of that organ. THE VENOMOUS SPIDER OF NEW ZEALAND Mr. J. M. Meek, of War were, sends to the New Zealand Herald the following narrative of the effects of the bite of the Katipo, or native spider suit was on .tb^morpiug of the 24th ultimo, at 3 o'clock, my son (a man of thirty-one years of age) was awakened from his sleep by the bite of one of those poisonous insects, and came into our bedroom about an hour afterwards,' and exclaimed to his mother and myself, I am bitten by one of those spiders that the natives have so often spoken to me about, and am full of pain. See, here it is, in the bottom of the candle- stick. I looked at the insect, whose body was about 'theatre of an ordinary pea, and in colour nearly approaching to black. His mother, on looking at his back, saw the puncture the spider had made, and immediately commenced sucking the wound. I proceeded to the hotel, and obtained the services of Dr. Mohnbeer, when on my return with him to my house, my son was suffering the most excruciating pain in the groin, the virus apparently working its way in that direction. After an application of ammonia by the doctor, the pain shifted from the groin and worked its way up the spine, affecting the arms and chest during the remainder of the day and lasting till the following morning, my son moaning with pain the whole time. On Tuesday the pain became intense, the virus working its way into his legs, causing the veins to swell very much. We applied turnip poultice to the wound, and when taken off a quantity of black fluid came from the sore. During the afternoon the pain in the legs and big toes still continued. Doctor Mohnbrcr prescribed a liniment, which after rubbing well into the legs, caused a black, inky coloured fluid to emit itself through the pores of the skin in large drops, from which time my son began to improve, and has continued improving ever since, but suffers much from weakness. From the time he was bitten on the Monday till the Friday following, he lost exactly 12 lbs. in flesh. I forgot to state that, when he was first bitten, I gave him small doses of brandy at interv; h during the first two days, which seemed to have the effect of greatly relieving the pain. I am informed by To Hemora, native chief here, and also by other natives, that many fatal cases among their, ranks have taken place by the bite of the katipo ; they also believe the sufferer is sure to die if they cannot find the spider ; but, on the contrary, if they find it and burn it in the fire, the patient gets well in three days. If they cannot find the insect, they set fire to the house and burn building, effects, and everything else. In this case, the spider was found, and Dr. Mohnbeer has it preserved in spirits in his surgery. I write this to caution persons to look well to their bedclothes before retiring'to'rest, as I have witnessed persons suffering from the bite of snakes and other reptiles in Australia, but never saw any one in such agony as my son during the time the poison was taking effect." A SuRPiusEjN STORE Apropos of the danger the public, are unconsciously subject to from the smuggling of, explosive substances daily going on throughout the country, a culprit sends me an interesting confession. He says that a short time ago, having occasion to confer with a city firm on the subject of dynamite, he took with him a parcel of i cartridges of that interesting compound. On completing his business and returning westward, he took his seat in a Bayswater omnibus, carrying the parcel of dynamite in his hand, the cartridges being made up in small packages not unlike rolls of silver. He placed the parcel on the seat behind him, and for a considerable portion of the journey kept his hand upon it, and otherwise manifested a concern not unnatural considering his knowledge of the nature of the substance under his charge. But as the 'bus rolled on-he fell into a state of mental abstraction, in tho course of which he must have re- linquished his jealous hold of the brown-paper parcel. At any rate when he reached his journey's end he found that the parcel was gone. What became of it is a matter, that concerns many more people than the original holder of the sample. The thief, on opening his treasure, would discover, in place of a few pounds' worth of silver, a number of rolls of yellowish clayey substance. What did he do with it? Did he threw it aside in the open street in disgust, or is it still lying about his domestic premises till some one shall throw it at the banking the fire We are not likely to have any information volunteered on this subject. But it is, at least, an interesting addition to miscellaneous knowledge to know that there is knocking about in London an unconsidered trifle containing within itself a latent force sufficient to tumble down half London.- World. , , , A PLEA FOR THE HUMMING, BIRD Land and Water publishes the following extract from a letter from a lady residing in Westmoreland, Jamaica, in deprecation of the cruel fashion of destroying the humming-birds for the purpose of desolating ladies hats IT-", We have two magnificent costs, or silk cotton trees, not far from the house, on which there must be many millions of. dark crimson and maize-coloured blossoms, with a pat fume very much like that of the Turk's cap, lily, rather too, powerful for a bouquet, but when mingled with those of other trees by the breezes is truly delicious. I see 'the humming-birds darting about the branches like sparks of emerald and crimson fire. but, unfortunately, their number is being rapidly reduced by the womankind of England, who will decorate their silly beads with the lovely little bodies which ought never to be seen except on the wing. Unfortunately, too, such is the course of fashion, the negro women here are adopting the same mode, and I fear there is not much doubt that the humming-birds will soon be exterminated. It is, indeed, a shame to destroy those little beauties in the ruthless manner they are being destroyed at the present time." 