AN ISLAND PEARL. BY B. L. FARJEON, ATL THOR OF "BLADE-O'-GRASS," "BREAD- AAD-CHEESE AND KISSES," "JESSIE TRIM," " THE KING OF NO-LAND," "GRIF," "LONDON'S HEART," &C.; VI. MY MOTHER BELIEVES SHE SEES A GHOST. Truly, man proposes, and God disposes. I anticipated that I should be absent for not longer than twelve months, and it was three years before I stepped upon my native land again. Briefly, this is the reason why. We were bound for China, and while we lay there unloading, the agents of the vessel accepted a profitable , charter for Australia. The gold- fields had just been discovered in that part of the world, and the chance was not to be missed. I fretted at the delay, but duty was before me, and that stood first. So we set sail for the Australian coast. Our voyage was a disastrous one. When within two days' sail of our destination our ship, The Blue Jacket, was overtaken by a violent storm, which so disabled her that we had to take to our boats. It happened strangely enough that another vessel, also named The Blue Jacket, was caught in this storm, and went down with all hands. We were more fortunate. Only one man was lost—our skipper—so that the command devolved upon me. We were picked up and taken into Melbourne, and there I reported myself. My great anxiety now was to get home as soon as possible, but a temptation was thrown in my way which I could not resist. I was offered the command of a vessel belonging to the owners of The Blue Jacket. The vessel was to trade first to China, and there take in cargo for London. To successfully accomplish this to the satisfaction of my owners would be as good as the making of me. No more partings from Mabel, then, thought I, as I joyfully— though with a natural rue at the delay— accepted the offer. I wrote home to Mabel the double good news of my escape from shipwreck and my promotion. You will understand that during all this time I had no opportunity of receiving a line from her; such are the exigencies of a sailor's life. , I was kept in Melbourne longer than pleased me, and it was quite three months before I stepped on to my ship's deck with my clearing papers. The gold fever was raging so violently in those days that it was no easy task to get a crew together for a humdrum country like Great Britain. However, we managed to muster a lot of scarecrows who knew little enough of the sea or a sailor's duties, and after an unreasonably long voyage—in consequence of my. being compelled to be more than ordinarily careful because of the incompetency of my crew—we arrived safely at our first destination, and there took in cargo for dear old England. I looked upon it as the happiest of happy omens that I arrived home at Christmas-tide. I had been absent exactly three years. With a joy in my heart which I have not the power to express I set out from the Docks for the dear little cottage of shells in Brixton. It was. evening before I could get free, and the night was dark. But not lonely. Flowers seemed to rise in the snow as I walked, seemed to grow in the air as I stepped onwards. Cold ? Not a bit of it. Everything was warm and beautiful and bright, as it should be at Christmas. All my anxieties and troubles were now at an end. How grateful I was that, by God's mercy, I was spared, and enabled to spend another Christmas ashore with my darling wife and my dear old mother! I recalled the memory of the last happy Christmas I had passed in their dear society, and of the lesson of love and faith I had then learnt. And there came upon me in fuller force a dim sweet hope I had nursed and cherished through all my wanderings—a hope which I hardly dare to shape into words —that when I reached home I should see in Mabel's arms a child who would call me father. How I had dwelt upon that hope! How I had cherished it! What resolutions I had formed to bring up my child in a worthy way, and to make him proud of me, as I was of Beecroft Mariner, my father! I pictured him in my imagination, dressed as I used to be in tiny sailor clothes—(I knew full well they would dress him in no other fashion, out of love for me)—and I saw myself carrying him in my arms through the Brixton streets, and showing him with pride to the people as the grand- son of the best and bravest sailor that ever answered to the cull of duty. My heart sang within me, and either my cheeriness, or my brisk step, or -the brightness of my face, or all of them together mayhap, caused me to receive many a pleasant look from the passers-by looks, be sure, which I returned with interest. Home! dear, sweet Home! You who always enjoy it, who are never away from it, who turn to it daily as your ark of refuge, can scarcely realize the joyful feeling that fills the sailor's heart as, after months and years of absence, and after passing through such peril as had fallen to my lot, he ap proaches the spot winch contains all thai is dear to him in the world. The close dingy streets were like glimpses of heaven to me, and stars of love lighted me on my There were no lights in the Brixton lanes, but I could have found my way if I had been blind. Many a time on the wild seas, when the wind was howling around me, and not a star could be seen in the dark skies, had I in my fancy threaded my way through these paths, and seen the cottage of Beecroft Mariner shining out of the gloom with my wife and mother waiting at the door to welcome me ; and now, as I turned the lane in which our cottage was situated, a dull feeling of pain crept into my heart because I did not hear the pattering of the feet nor see the faces of those I so fondly loved. Only for a moment did this unreasonable feeling have play; I shook it off resolutely. How could they know, how could they tell, the hour and the minute I should appear among them t I called myself aloud a great simpleton, and laughed, and stepped on softly, enjoying in anticipation the happiness which in a few moments would be mine. Thought I, " There'll be a light in the cottage window, and Mabel and mother will be sitting together, Mabel with our child on her knee'—(I had set my heart on it, you see)—" prattling to him perhaps of the father his young eyes had never yet beheld; or mayhap the child will be asleep, and Mabel will be kneeling by his side, holding a shell to his ear, so that the murmuring voices of the sea may mingle themselves in his dreams; and then, at the sound of my voice, there will be .cries of joy, and happy feet running to the door, and loving arms round my neck, and baby's great eyes staring at me, wondering what it is all about." All these fond fancies were mine as I walked slowly onwards. I reached the cottage, and not seeing a light in the window, I thought that Mabel and my mother might be in the kitchen at the back. I crept thither stealthily, wishing to have a peep at them before they saw me ; but no light was there to guide me, and a kind of dismay overtook me when I found that the whole house was in darkness. I soon pulled myself together. " You clumsy, tliick-headed lubber," murmured I, " not to know that it's too late for them to be up ! They are abed, dreaming of you, and little enough you deserve it!" It was, indeed, I reckoned, quite ip o'clock by this time, and I knew that my mother was an early body, and was seldom out of bed at that hour of the night. So putting my hand to my mouth, I cried cheerily, " Yo, heave, ho!" I listened and waited, but it was clear they had not heard me. "Yo, heave, ho!' I cried again louder than before, and again waited and listened, and again heard no sound in response. " Too fast asleep," thought I, and I tried the street-door. To my surprise, it yielded to my hand. I entered the room, aud knew, though all was dark around me, that everything was as I had left it three years ago. 1 could just distinguish the indistinct outlines of the old familiar shapes. I put my bundle on the floor under the little round table in the centre of the room, and feeling my way to the stairs, I crept up them to the bedroom above. I paused at the door. " Mother!" I called; and then, " Mabel!" No answer coming, I went softly into the room, and passed my hand over the bed. It was empty. "Well," said I, after a little while, " they are out junketing, those two, not expecting me home at such an hour; mayhap they are spending the evening with a neighbour." I considered whether I should go out in search of them, or whether I should rest at home, and astonish them upon their return. But if I went I should not know where to look for them, and it would be sheer folly to wander about without an idea where one was going to. Besides, they might return in my absence. So, without more ado, I descended the stairs to the little parlour below, and there sat down in a chair, determining to wait.till my mother and Mabel came home. Until I had quite made up my mind, I did not know how tired I was. I had worked very hard during the last few days, and it was excitement only that had kept me awake. Directly I sat down, and rested my head on my hand, I was overpowered by drowsiness, and in a short time I was fast asleep. It was still dark when I awoke. What aroused me was the sound of the doorlatcli being lifted. Immediately that sound fell on my ears I was in full possession of my senses. " There they are," thought I, with throbs of joy, but with some feeling of fear also ; for it suddenly occurred to me that my appearance there might frighten them. While this thought was disturbing me, I listened for the familiar voices. I heard none, and but one person entered the room—my mother, whose step I recognised. Where was Mabel, then? Why, lingering behind, saying good-night to a neighbour, perhaps, or shutting the garden-gate ! In my excitement I rose, and stood in an attitude of expectation. I heard a heavy sigh from my mother, and the next moment a match was struck, and I saw her, with her back towards me, lighting a candle. The street door was closed, and we were alone. The silence, the drooping figure of my mother, who liad aged much during my absence— I could see the signs, although her face was hidden from me—and the circumstance of my darling wife not being at home to welcome me, changed my joy to sadness. Still, thinking to cheer my old mother, and for the purpose of dispelling my own foolish fears, I strove to utter the dear old " Yo, heave, ho!" but the familiar greeting died away on my lips, and it was but the ghost of a sound that proceeded from me. What followed during the next few moments filled my heart with unspeakable terror. I saw by my mother's attitude that she had heard my ghostly " Yo, heave, lio!" and for an instant she stood mute and still, as though petrified by fear. Then she turned slowly and fearsomely towards me. I caught but a glimpse of her white haggard face—ah, how wan and thin it had grown!—she caught but a glimpse of mine. The moment her eyes fell upon me she gave a frightened scream, and held up her hands to keep me off; and as I moved towards her a wild shudder passed through her form, the candle fell from her hands, and we were again in darkness. " Why. mother!" I said, in a soothing tone, kneeling by her side. " Is this the welcome you give nie on my return ?—and on Christmas night, too!" I strove to raise her in my arms, but she shrank sliudderingly from me. "Good God!" I cried. "What is the meaning of this? Where is my wife— where is Mabel? Do you not know me? I am Amos, your son." The name brought a glimmer of light to her mind. " Amos!" she moaned. "No, no! It is the dead that is speaking to me. I have no son ! he was killed, as his father was, by the cruel sea. Lord, have pity on me! Lord, have pity on me!" Killed as my father was, by the cruel sea! What had occurred, then, during my absence ? Could it be possible that the news of our rescue iu the boats had failed to reach home? No, it was impossible. There were my letters to Mabel, relating all tlie circumstances of our peril and our escape. Fearing for my old mother's reason, I searched about for the matches, for the purpose of lighting the candle, that she might see me bodily, and so assure herself. But I could not find them, and what passed between us took place in the dark, neither seeing the other's face. I knelt again by her side. " You foolish old soul!" I said, in a tender and coaxing tone, " do you know what you are saying? Nay, I'll not touch you if my touch hurts you! Steady yourself, mother; I am neither dead nor drowned, or how could I be here talking to you?' She could not have understood me. | " My Amos!" she sobbed. " My boy, that I loved and worshipped! The best, the bravest sailor on all the Queen's seas! My old eyes will never again be blessed with a sight of him—never again, never again!" I had strong need to apply to myself the advice I gave to her. It was as much as I could do to keep steady, so as to get to the heart of this mystery. Although I was terribly shaken I proved myself equal to the occasion, and by dint of tenderness and firmness, and a good deal of coaxing, I managed at length to convince my mother that I was alive. Then, to my amazement, part of the story was told and made clear to me. The Blue Jacket that went down with all hands, when within two days' sail of the Australian coast, waa believed by my mother to have been The ; Blue Jacket in which I served. To arrive at this understanding occupied me fully an hour, and by that time my mother was sitting on my knee, soothed and pacified, and filled with a feeling of awe and gratitude at my escape. THB INTERCOLONIAL MATCH.—The Committee of the South Australian Cricketing Association met on Tuesday and finally selected the 18 players in the forthcoming match with 11 of Victoria. The following are the names:— J. E. Gooden (Norwood), S. Moroom (Norwood), W. O. Whitridge (Norwood), T. Lucas (Norwood). S. Cope (Norwood), E. G. Phillips (North Adelaide Young Men), W. G. P. Joyner (North Adelaide Young Men), G. Green (Hind marsh), F. King (Hindmarsh), T. Cole (South Adelaide), J. Goodfellow (South Adelaide), a Bigaud (Kensington), C. H. Gibbs (Kensington), J. D. Crichton (Kensington), £. G. Millard, (Kent), L. Giles (Kent), A. R. Lungley (South Australian), A. E. Ayers (South Australian); W. Norman (Hindmarsb), first emergency; H. Stones (North Adelaide Young Men), second emergency. THE LACEPEDE BAT INSTITUTE.—The eighth annual meeting of this Institute was held in the. hall ot the Building on Friday evening, the 21st inst. The attendance was not large. The President, Mr. R. E Venn, was the Chairman. Mr. P. J. Paterson, the Treasurer, submitted a financial statement; and Mr. Matheson, the Secretary, read the report, which stated that two good rooms had been added, one of which had been used as a reading-room in the evenings; and several new periodicals and papers had been added. The reduction in the subscription from. 15s. te 10s. per annum had increased the membership. The Government, granted £145 13s. 6d. towards the completion of the structure, which still required plastering, tea. The sum of £15 odd had been received for rent. The number of volumes in the library was 540^ as increase of 55. A box of books waa received every four months from the Adelaide Institute. The circulation had reached 887 volumes, an increase of 47. Numerous papers, magazines, maps, and diagrams were in the reading-room. Five amateur entertainments during the year produced clear of expenses £34. The members numbered 43, increase 10; and the receipts, including a balance of £2813s., had amounted to £468 8s. 4d.; and the expenditure was £361 36. . 4d., inclusive of £146 3s. 10d. paid for building two rooms, leaving a balance overdrawn of £64 28\. After the statements had been adopted the officers were chosen thus:—President, Mr. R. E. Venn; Vice-President, Mr. R. Redman; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. P. J. Paterson; Hon. Secretaiy, Mr. D. Matheson; Directors, Rev. J. Sinclair, Messrs. W. E. Oattaway, D. S. Redman, W. F. Trip, J. Gat, T. Shanly, W. D. Sanderson; AUI iitors, Messrs. W. J. Walker and B. Morris. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PBOVIDENT SOCIETY.— The Town and Country Journal of January 8, in commenting upon the marvellous succass whioh has attended the operations of this institution, states that "the number of policies, issued during the past 26 years is 30,000, assuring £11,874,000, and the number of policies in force is 23,000, assuring £9,000,000. The invested funds amount to £1,712,348. Tho annual income is £407.000. The amount paid in claims was £627,000. Few societies, if any, in the world can, we imagine, show a career of greater prosperity than these figures indicate. DONATIONS TO SYDNEY UNivBBsnr.—S iys the S. M. Herald :—" It seems that provision for some of the bursaries for which Dr. Badham has been planning so assiduously, and working so hard, has actually been made, and that there is cheering ptospect of still further success. We understand that the Hon. John Frazer has placed in the hands of the Senate of the University the sum of £2,500 for the endowment of two bursaries, which are to bear the names of two of the hon. gentleman's deceased sons. These bursaries are of the yearly value of £50 cach, and the principal condition to be attached to their application is that they shall be given to students who, having passed the necessary examinations satisfactorily, afford the hope that their talents may be of service to the colony, but who require such aid to enable them to pumie their studies at the University. We believe that Mrs. Burdekin has likewise contributed the sum of £1,000 to be invested by the Senate, and applied to a bursary of a similar character, and that two other amounts—the oneof £2,0C0 by Mr. Fitzwilliam Wentworth, and the other of £1,000 by Mrs. Hunter Baillie—will shortly be placed in the hands of the Senate for the same object." A NEW THEATRE AND THEATBE BUILDING,— " The rumour of a new theatre in Melbourne has taken a definite shape. It is to be called an ' Academy of Music,' as if it were intended to . use it principally for lyrical performances." "Tahite" observes:—"I suppose, like mostother theatres, its particular use will depend a good deal upon circumstances. I do hope, however, that its projectors will endeavour to go out of the beaten track in the construction. I gather from a description that the form of the auditorium is to be semicircular, and not horseshoe. So far that is an improvement. The stalls, too,, are to be the best part of the house. That also is good.' But I hope it will be possible to have a separate entrance from the street to each several portion of the house, and not to discharge stalls, pit, and upper cirole into one struggling stream into_ the street. I hope, too, that it will be possible to get to any one seat without, on a crowded night, disturbing and making angry balf a dozen people. I hope, too, there will be no si age boxes, but that stage and house will be separated by a distinct line of demarcation. I hope there will be something more than nominal ventilation. I am strongly of opinion that ii_ a climate such as this a theatre ought to be bailt in an open place, unconnected with any other structure, with balconies connected with the several tiers, where the audience could repair in the intervals. Something is said about statues and shrubs in tbe corridors, and if this is to be anything more than make- believe, so much the tetter. In any cafe I hope the approaches will contrast with those of the present theatres, which are in a most discreditable condition of untidiness, neither swept nor garnished. I do not like the proposed oontiguity of an hotel. I never could understand the practically declared connection between the dram and the drama. I think therefore some other use might be got out of the front of the building than to devote it to liquor transactions. It Is certainly a pity, too, that some means cannot be devised to make the loungers who hang about the front of all theatres move on. It is sometimes next to impotdble to pass through the other than aromatic crowd, which persistently blocks up the way across the foctpath fronting the entrance to our theatres, and I am not sure if ladies are not sometimes deterred from going by reason of the comments to which they are subjected from the unchivalric roughs, who seem to have no business ; n life but to make themselves disagreeable to - others. Altogether I perceive a good opportunity in this new theatre project for including many neonsaiy reforms, and 1 trust they will not be Iffljt sight of." W WFSTONB WIZARD on AND MAGIO PILLS—Have cured more wonderful oases of Rheumatics, Gout, Neuralgia, Aches, Pains, Swellings,.; Caked Breasts, Burns, Scalds, and. Salt-Rheum, upon the human frame, than all the pretended remedies have since the world began. These Great American Medicines are composed of vegetable oils, healing gums, roots and herbs; and act like a charm upon pain and inflammation, — 