TIJE MYSTERIES OP CRIME; OE, ;The Exbebiences of ait Ediitbubghi Detectiye.—-No. XJI. [Published by special arrangement with., the Author.] . A mDNIGHT MURDER. <r Ahoy, there! A boat!—a boat!" These words, not nearly so ^distinctly uttered as they are here put down, struck sharply against the dull -mist hanging over the West Pier, down -at Leith, crept damply along the shrouded quay* and lingered in hollow echoes about the green and soppy steps upon which the sailor stood. Charles Dawes—or simply Charlie, as he-generally insisted on being called—listened intently for an answer, or, at least, as intently as a man "half-seas over" could listen; but the only one that came to his ears was the sound of one of the town clocks, which slowly struck the hour of twelve. " Twelve o'clock—or thirteen, I'm not sure which"—he hazily tliought, finding it much easier to think than to speak. "I'm late-rtwo hours behind time; don't believe I'll get aboard te-night. It's two miles out to the vessel in the Roads if it's a foot; and I'm blowed if all the boats ain?t gone home to bed. Ahoy, down there! A boat —sharp!" The second cry trailed heavily through the thick mist; and no answer coming, Charley grew impatient, and stooped to peer down under the wooden gangway covering the flight of stairs leading down into the water under the quay; but this action proved rash in the extreme. The green slime left on the steps by the reced ing tide appeared to suddenly pull the ground backwards from under the sailor's unsteady feet, and like a shot he slid down the entire flight of steps on his back till stopped by the landing, when he "sat xip and smiled with the utmost good nature, as if in hearty appreciation of the joke. "That'll do, shipmates; that'll do," he thickly got out, waving his hand towards imaginary companions above. " Yeneed'nt send a chap down to his hammock in that easy style. I'm neither a log of wood nor a hutch of coals, so I've got some feelin' in me when crossin' the knubly bits of the companion- way. I'm screwed jolly tight, but I can feel the comers of the steps when they're sharp for all that. Glad I've got aboard at last; I thought the boat would never come." Stretching back his head comfortably on one of the slimy steps, Charlie , went to sleep there and then, with the November mist for a blanket and the cold stone for a bed. The chill wind hustled in fiercely from the sea, sweeping up the landing stairs, and lazily lifting Charlie's straggling hair from the "rude pillow j but still he slept on; and perhaps he might have lain there in safety, and—guarded by that spe cial Providence which is said to hover over drunkards and bairns—risen unharmed, had the stillness and loneliness of the place not been disturbed by the arrival of another person. A surging ripple in the water, the grating of a boat-hook against the stones, and the muttering and cm-sing of the occupant of the boat below, were "quite unnoticed by Charlie, who in spirit was far off .in the land of dreams, but in body lying direct across the first landing of the steps. The boat, which had shot forward to the foot of the stairs, was not that of a recog nised pilot, fisherman, or boatmen, but owned and used solely by the man now fastening it up—a crimp and money-lender of, questionable reputation, named Abram Hann. He was" a kind of a German Jew, not mncli under '40 years of age; but with a muscular strength and ferocity lurking in his big frame enough to make the boldest quail. At present Mr7 Hann was in a bad temper, as. was evinced by the ceaseless working of his lips as lie cursed in his native tongue,' and the glaring of his demon eyes, which might , almost have served as' head lights to the biggest ship in the Roads. The cause of his unwonted excitement was simply the ingratitude of the unfeeling world—he had just taken a sailor on board ship with his own hands, having kept him drunk for the purpose, and, instead of re tceiving thanks from the captain, had been kicked rudely over the taffrail of the vessel into his own boat, and told sharply to go to the d——1. It is true he had the whole of the drunken man's four months' pay in. his possession in exchange for. the poisoned whisky and detestable lodgings with which he had supplied him; but still he felt aggrieved. The kick still tingled rudely through his frame, and he wished he had the captain there on that lonely landing, with his hand at his throat and his feet at the edge of the steps. " Dere vash murder in me dat time—dere ish murder in me now," he fiercely mut tered, as he finished fastening up his boat, and hastily ascended the steps, waving his clenched hands, at an imaginary foe—. "I could kill von man now, eashy—very eashy—kill! kill! the tyfel! ten t'ousand tvfels. "What for you lie there ? Miu'der! mine head is shplit!" In the midst of his raving: speech Mr. Hann had tripped on the form of Charles Dawes—toppled forward like a ninepin, and hit his hard skull rather sharply on one of the steps higher up. Gathering himself up he clasped his injured head in both his hands, while he applied one of his feet vigo rously,.in a succession of kicks, to the form of the sleeping sailor. These at last proved' sufficient to' rouse him to a half wakeful state; for he started to a sitting posture, crying as before— "Ahoy, there! a boat, a boat!" " Mein Gott;. you hall shplit my head— kilt me mit your stoopidness! What for you lie there Y I shall haff you take up." " Come on then—just the thing," said Charlie, who only hazily understood the threat; "take hold of my arm and pull. But where's the boat ?" "Poat? poat?—what want you mit my poat?" cautiously asked Hann, assisting Charlie to rise, and subduing his curses for the moment. Peering at him closely through the gloom, he could just make out the features of an easy- going sailor of thirty or so—very drunk, and almost asleep .on his feet already. " Want! Want to go aboard, to be sure," thickly answered the sailor, holding on to him with both hands to keep himself from .-falling—"out to the British Queen, in the Roads. Come on, shipmate, for I'm late.. I think I have been sleeping on the steps." "So you haff; and I fall on de top of you, and hit mein head on de shteps," said Hann, with gleaming eyes, looking the sailor all over. "Haff you gotanyleetle moiiisli? Dat ish for to pay for to sail in mein poat, and inein trouble, if I lake you out on de vater ?" "Moneys ye old grampus,?" carelessly echoed Charlie, getting his hand with some difficulty into his trousers pocket and then bringing it out again filled with gold and silver coins. " To he sure I have; enough to sink the boat and you along with it, Mr. .—Mr.—what's your name ?" "MiskterHann—effry one knows Miskter Hann," graciously returned Abram. ^1 am fery goot frient to de shailors—I lends demTmonisk, and gets dem nice lotchings, "init plenty of whisky to trink. Woot you like to go vit -me to von nice, comfortable lotching, and go to your ship in de morn ing ?" " No, I wouldn't," said Charlie, with wonderful sharpness; "I'm going aboard to-night. Ahoy, there! A boat, a,boat!" "Ton't call anodder poat, my tear frient," hastily put in Abram, with a hideous smile which was meant to' be very fascinating. "I shall take apoart your vessel if you vill tell me dekour of clock. Haff you von leetle vatch?—vonteeckare, as yoncallit?" "Of course, I have—there, look at it for yourself," was the careless rejoinder, as Charlie tugged at the chain at his fob, much as he would havo hauled at a cable, till an excellent silver lever bounced out into the Jew's hand. Abram handled it lovingly and with a watering mouth for some moments—not looking at the hour, which he knew perfectly well, but calcu lating its exact value; and then the watch was suddenly tugged back again by Charlie, and restored with some difficulty to his fob. "Gold and silfer—five or ten pounds in his pocket and a goot silfer lever—I've a goot mind to do it!" eagerly whispered the crimp, with a hasty look around to see that they were alone—a look that would have curdled the blood in the sailor's veins had lie only been sober and wakeful enough to notice and understand it. But Charlie saw neither the look nor the hateful eyes that emitted it, for he was carefully grop ing his way with his feet for the edge of the boat. "Two bob if you put me safe aboard— Mr.—Mr. Grampus, he said, still,holding fast to the Jew for support. "Don't let me go, for I'm tight as a hung, and would pop into the water like a lump of lead." "Oh,ton'tpe afraid, my tear frient; I shall not let you shlip," said Abram Hann, speaking with perfect truthfulness, as he would thus have lost both the sailor and the money. "I am not a poatman, but I shall co out to oplige you, my tear frient." " Stop—hie—if you're—not a boatman I shan't trust you, said the sailor, drawing back suspiciously. "Ha, ha! how fery funny you are," said Hann, with a horrible gleam of his teeth, patting the other tenderly on the back. " I vash only joking when I said I vash not a poatman. I am de best poatman in dis port, and I vill put you where you vant to co out dere in de Roads for two shilling." "Not—hie—not in the Roads, you old grampus, but in my. ship," corrected Charlie, as he flopped down on a seat near the stern, and then slid down into the bottom of the boat, where he crouched in a comfortable sleeping posture. "Go on, now — the British Queen—two red lights astern." "Mein Gott! vash dere ever a petter chance ?" whispered Abram to himself, as he lingered over the casting loose of the boat and watched the sailor fall fast asleep, with his head leaning helplessly against the side of the boat. "He is trunk as te tyfel, and vould co to de bottom like von lump qf lead—he said so himself—and te monish— all te monish and de vatch would pe mine!"* . He shoved off the boat as he spoke, and the mist came in on his face and hands with a cold " swish," yet it sent no chill to his heart, for his blood seemed suddenly on fire with the diabolical project he had con ceived. Out with the smooth-running river and receding tide went the boat, and every dull lamp on the pier above looked down on him like a shrouded ghost mutely plead ing for the life of the doomed man, till Abram, to get them out of sight, plied the oars with a desperate excitement that brought the sweat in streams from lii§ sallow temples, and sent the boat shooting out beyond the glaring light at the pier head at last. "As soon as this last light had faded inta a dull round moon far behind, Abram drew in his oars, and noiselessly crept towardsthe stern over the intervening seats till he was hanging in breathless sus pense over "the slumbering and snoring sailor. Charlie lay sound asleep, partly against the seat and partly against the side of the boat, with one arm resting on the seat, and the other—the right—hanging loosely at his side. Abram's eye glistened as he caught a glimpse of the dangling watch-chain below tlie sailor's fob; but, still cautious, he restrained his itching fingers while he went closer, and listened to the heavy breathing of his intended victim. The snoring was regular and even, and at last Abram ventured to extend a shaking hand towards the chain, which he clutched and quietly tugged to and fro till the watch and chain rested bodily in his hands; Such - was the force of habit that, though they were now drifting helplessly on the rocking waves, far from human eye, and completely shut in by the mist, Abram started and looked round fearfully on every side before hiding the watch and chain in his breast. . " It will pring me two or tree pounds," he exultingly whispered to himself. "I vonder if I could get at his monish mit'out making him to awake P" Stepping softly over the seat to the stern, he bent for war d_ over the sleeping man till his long claw-like fingers were slipping down between tbe rigbt arm and the trou sers pocket containing the money, which Charlie had so incautiously exhibited on the quay steps. He did not attempt to get. his hand inside, but grasped the pocket itself between his forefingers, he worked at it persistently till he had it turned inside out, and as a matter of course, bad emptied the whole of its contents into his hand. This was not accomplished without much groaning and twisting; but when Abram at last straightened his bent back, almost bfeken: with the painful stoop ing, he found that lie had in gold and silver nearly seven pounds in all. Care fully stowing this away in his pocket, he once more passed his hands over the sailor's dress, and finding that he had got every thing of value but the man's knife, pipe, and 'bacca- box, lie once more looked keenly ' around, and seeing nothing but the heavy bank of mist on every side, he bent down once more, with one leg on either side of tlie sleeping man, put his hands under the armpits, lifted him suddenly up, and with giant strength toppled him mercilessly over the gunwale into the sucking waves. ' A great roar, dying into a gurgling shriek, told him that the man was gone, and lie staggered forward to the how, and clumsily grasped at the oars. His eyes wore starting; from their sockets, and the perspiration stood; in heavy beads on his brow; yet he glanced over at the gurgling waters, where the sailor had vanished, with little remorse or compunction. . "Mein Gott, hut I liaff send some food for de fishes !"Tie hoarsely got out with an , attempt at a chuckle, and then he plunged' the oars into the water and tugged at them with a force that nearly shivered the; blades in fragments, and sent the boat flying from the spot. "I vonder how I see so many trowned men's faces on de vater; dey come up all over—with de eyes glaring at me as if dey would pull me in." He paused fearfully on his oars, and looked back into the mist behind. ' !. . " Pu—pu—puff!. h—help!" came sound ing up from the water, clearly revealing the fact that the sailor had regained his senses and was fighting hard with death in the cold sea; but, already a murderer in his heart, the monster only bent once more to' his oars, leaving the gurgling cries ,far astern, and making in an oblique direction for the shore with all the desperation of a man flying from the gallows. The light at the pier-head loomed into sight at last; but, for reasons of his own, Abram Hann did not seek to return the way he had come. Keeping as well in shore as his strength woidd allow of with the tide dead against him, he shot slowly westward till the harbor of Newhaven moved into sight, and here he fastened up his boat and got out, as he thought, unseen. He had to walk the whole distance back to his place i in Leith—fully a mile—but he did not grudge the labor, thinking, as he did, that he was thus most effectually removing every clue or scent that might lead to him being identified as the criminal. On the afternoon of the next day, I was rather startled when a smart-looking sea-, man presented himself at the Central Office, and introduced himself to me as the mate of the ship British Queen, at the same time bluntly stating his belief that he had infor mation to lay before me which might lead to the discovery that a murder had been committed at Leith the night before. ' "My name is John Watson," he c6n tinued, as soon as I had shown him to a seat and got my book ready; "but first of all let me tell you that one of .our bestmen, Charlie Dawes, a cousin of my own, is amissing, and has been since about twelve o'clock last night, when I myself spoke to him in Sandport- street, as he was stagger ing in a half-muddled state down towards the West Pier. He has never been" seen since then, though his hat was found float ing close to the pier-head early this morn ing." . " " Perhaps he slipped over into the water and got drowned ? There is nothing more common," I suggested. "-I am only astonished that it does not happen oftener." "That coidd scarcely be, as you shall hear," qxuetly replied my visitor. " Charlie, I must tell you, is well connected, was under training as second' mate below me, and had just drawn a remittance of ten pounds from his friends. Wellr when I met him he had evidently been spending freely; hut, even allowing for that, he must have had a tidy sum still ahout his person, as well as an eight-guinea silver lever,' which he purchased not long before. When I met him he insisted upon going aboard, and I, knowing that no boats could be pro- . cured at such a late hour, advised him to go to a hotel for the night. But Charlie, though a free, generous fellow, was always dead against taking advice, and so, after 1 some sharp words, we parted. To- day, as soon as he was reported missing, I and three of the men, set to trace him,, and these facts are the result. First, no seaman was seen about the pier or docks by any of the watchmen after twelve o'clock; second, a boat containing two men did leave the pier about that time, and no other left till "about half-past three in the morning; third, about a quarter or-twenty minutes past twelve the watchman stationed at the pier head lighthouse saw a boat turn out to wards the Roads containing two persons-r one a sailor, apparently asleep in the bottom of the boat, and the other a notorious : rascal of a crimp—a German Jew; named Abram Hann. This boat did not come back to the harbor, but we afterwards discovered through a tidewater that it had put in an hour or so later at Newhaven, when it con tained only one man—the crimp Hann. The boat was left there all night, and as the man's name is on it there can be no doubt as to the ownership; besides which it was sent for to- day, and taken back to Leith by a man sent by the crimp for the purpose, so there, you have the case." "Then, what is your inference from the whole of these facts ?" I quietly asked. "Do you mean me to believe that the crimp tossed him into the water for the sake of his money and his watch?" "Exactly—that is just what I do fear, and now most firmly believe," I smiled in spite of myself, and the simple ! look of incredulity appeared to be exces* ; sively annoying to my impulsive visitor. "Well," I said at last, with eomedty ness, "your inferences are certainly sweep ing enough, but we' will make some en quiries at once and see what can be done." " Oh, bother you and your: en- J quiries!" hotly. broke in the impul sive mate. "Why can't you go down and arrest the murderer at once ? While yop are inquiring he may be showing a clean pair of heels." , j " Believe me, I respect your feeling's, < though they have for the present blinded your judgment," I gravely returned, with out losing my temper. " We cannot arrest a man for murder till it is proved that a murder hes been committed, and that we cannot attempt to prove until at least a ; body is found." " Then, why not arrest him on a charge of robbery ?" "What good would that do? Could you swear to the watch if it was found on him? Has it any mark or number -by which you could identify it so as to swear to it?!' " I think I would know it if I saw it," was the hesitating rejoinder. "A silver lever, with flowered silver dial and gold figures. To be sure I mfeht be mistaken, as I do not know the number." "So I feared, and the money would pro bably be in gold, not notes," I quietly added. "Still if th§je ja anything in your suspicions, I do not despair of getting at it, if I get leave to work in my own way. I am greatly indebted to you for tte clues you have placed in my hands, and ;only hope they may lead to a satis factory issue. In the meantime vou* and your friends would do well to keep the facts strictly secret. The slightest rumour, in which his name- was mentioned, might alarm the; guilty man, and so bring about his flight and our confusion." Seeing now^ that I was really about to take action in the matter, though not exactly in the way he Jiad anticipated, the mate readily apologised for his hasty words, and promised to maintain a rigid silence on all points tending to criminate Abram Hann. This done, we made our arrangements for a visit to Leith, and my visitor took his leave. Then I called in McSweeny, and together we made ourselves up. with, much care—McSweeny as a cattle drover, and I as merchant or commission agent. • Warned most emphatically by Watson as to the desperate character of the mail w6 were' so anxious to trap, we both • carried pistols—a precaution which we had no occasion-afterwards to regret. We had both rather a hang-dog look in our new rig out; but that was no drawback, considering the character of the crimp's house in Broad Wynd, and of the wretches who there sought his aid. Down at the Tron we managed to catch a Leith 'bus, and reached Broad Wynd shortly after 4 o'clock. Hann occupied two storeys of a wretched-looking land of houses; and we had no difficulty in finding the. place out, for in one of the corner windows he had a dirty ticket stuck which invited foreign seamen to come in and partake of the inestimable benefits of the house in the shape of hoard and lodgings at fabulously low rates. Walking boldly in, we, found ourselves in the chief sitting room of the establishment, where some foreign sailors were busy drinking beer and playing cards. A polite enquiry for Mr. Ilann was at last understood and responded to by one of them pulling the greasy string sus pended from the middle of the ceiling. A minute or two later the door opened and a repulsive-looking man, with a face framed in black hai.t and eyes like those of a snake, appeared before us, and by his hideous smile and servile how, gave us to understand that we were looking on the man "wanted." I rose, and, with studied caution and much whispering, gave him to understand that we were meditating a journey, and would he obliged if he could favor us by changing a five-pound note, which I pro duced, into Dutch money. "Sliange? most certainly, my tear shen tlemen—I give shange more sheaper: den all to Odder peoples in Leet," he said, smiling in a way that made me feel thankful I was not alone. "Pe so goot as to come up stairs to mine office. Dis way,-alientlernenand he led the way up a worn stair to a dirty little den above, where he busied himself in opening up a great iron-hound trunk, from which he took a bag of foreign coin, every one of which he fingered as u the parting cost him a pang of anguish. "Perhaps you ant your goot frient here vouldlike to slitay ill mine house all te night, eef you ton't co away till te mOrn ng ?" he wheedlifigly remarked, still fingering nervously at the money. " You j woot find it so sheep beside de hotels—so j fery sheep." There was my cue, ana m a moment I had it. Nudging McSweeny gently, I quickly struck in— "Perhaps we might come hack, Mr. Hann; hut in the meantime we have some business to transact—a travelling hag, some shirts, and a watch to but/, if we can get a good one, second-hand, at a reasonable price." This I said as unconcernedly as possible, and while holding but my hand for the money, Hann started at the mention of the watch, and looked me keenly and suspiciously in the face; but seeing nothing to alarm him \ there, he turned away, moodily tapping his chin. "Ah, I see; and you vasli coing out of de countree with it?" he meditatively broke in ; while my heart began to beat so loud and fast that I feared his suspicions would be aroused, and my whole scheme frustrated. "Now, vat kind of a vatch woot you like ?" " Any koind, so as it's good and chape," put in McSweeny, with a wink peculiar to the thieving profession. " Chape; you understand ? " To be sure; to be sure," hurriedly re joined Abram, in an excited whisper. *" Te ' reason I haff for asking is dat a fery tear frient of mine wash here two hour ago, and | he • vonted to sell his vatch—a very fine lever, Worth "Sefen or eight pounds—for four pound teii". "Wash there ever such a chance?": - "Yes; but wliere,s the good of sayin' that to us now?" gravely put in McSweeny. " The man's gone now, and the watch wid him." . "I ton't know about dat," cautiously answered Abram. "De fact is, I vash tinking of buy de vatch "myself; and I cot ■ him to leaf it vit me to try. It is tirt sheep— tirt sheep." " Four pound ten," I meditatively put in as calmly as I could assume. " I don't see that it's so very cheap. Can we have a look at it ?" . "I will be topping myself to let you haff it," said Hann ; but I like to oplige mine frients"; and lie turned once more to the iron-bound box, from which, after much rummaging, he at length produced a silver watch which he placed in my hands. I looked at it keenly, and I believe as I' did so my hand shook quite as much as his own. The watch was almost hew, and had afiowered silver dial and {/old Ji{/ures. Still keeping on a grave and unconcerned face, I deftly opened .the case, and found, as I had expected, that'the watch had been " doc tored"-—in fact, the number had been re moved bodily with one dig of the graver. Still,T had 110 doubt of the identity of the watch, and determined at once to risk the arrest." Treading " twice sharply on Mc Sweeny's foot, without raising my eyes, I slowly shut the case of the watch and con veyed it to my waistcoat pocket. Abram smiled delightedly, as if highly pleased with the joke; but the next instant my right hand; which had stolen to my coat pocket, came out and rose to his face like a flash, bearing the levelled barrel ;of the cocked pistoh The moment I did so McSweeny's weapon rose quickly to the Jew's opposite ear; and before the two his . dark face became livid and ghastly with surprise and terror. Abram Hann," I slowly and distinctly got out, "I arrest you on the charge of robbery and murdw. The wat$ J sow hold in iuy possession was taken from th* person of a seaman named Charles Dawes." " Mein Gott! do polis!" gasped the vil lain in petrified amazement. " I—I know not'ing of any shaiior—I swear py holy Fadder Abraham dat I got de watch frout a frient for to shell " "StopI you'd better reserve your de fence," I said, pouncing 011 his claw-like hand, and getting the handcuffs on with a sharp struggle; and then sending him off to the station, I very soon cleared the house, searched it thoroughly, and had it locked up pending further investigation. Thus far it will be seen everything had come smoothly enough 4 but the reader, im reviewing the facts, will have no difficulty in discovering that, so far as a conviction was concerned, we had a vory weak cas« indeed. Our first business was to discover the dealer who had. sold the watch to Dawes; but, of course, without the num ber this man coidd not swear to the article. Then Ilann, by some means, induced a man to come forward and swear that the watch was Dis, and e renin a roundabout wayahow that lie had possessed it honestly for years; and the end of it all was that in lfl3s than a week the crimp had to be set at liberty. And now I nave to record one of the most strange, curious circumstances in tho whole affair; one which the reader may ho expecting, but which was as far from my mind at the time as it was from that of tho principal person concerned—Mr. Abram Hann liimself. On the second day after hia release, and just before dusk, this worthy was sitting in his " office," as he called tho den which had been the scene of hi3 arreat, when the clambering 011 the worn stair told him that visitors or customers were at hafid, and in a moment more two men, sailors, entered. One of them was well known to him as a man he liad repeatedly "obliged," and, of course, fleeced ; but it was the first glimpse of the other that chained the villain to his seat, with whitened face, and teetli chattering with terror. "Iloly Fadder Abraham! it isb dd frowned shaiior come hack from te "sea I" he gasped, and then ho nearly tumbled from his chair in helpless fear. " I'm back again/ said the first sailor, not noticing the Jew's terror. " I've been through at Glasgow with my friend here, and had a jolly spree for a whole week; hut we've come hack drained dry, and I want you to lend me some money at the usual figure." "Co away! co away! pack*to tho i crave!" screamed the horror-strickea crimp, starting to his feet and making for the door, with his eyes chained to Charlie Dawes' astonished countenance. " Co pack to de sea you vash trowned in!" " The man must be ma'd," said Charlie, star ting up in alarm. " Perhaps he heard me falling into the water that night I was so drunk that I never' knew where I was till I found myself far out past the pier head. Stop this foolery, I say—stop it; or, at least, give my friend the money we j need before you goV' He made a desperate grasp at the arm of the retreating crimp as be spoke; but the affrighted villain, now on the landing, only uttered a scream of terror, and, shrinking back with unguarded haste, reached the edge of the worn steps rather suddenly, toppled over, and fell headlong to the bottom. When they picked him up ho was quite insensible, and bleeding profusely about the head; so, after a hasty examina tion, it was decided to have him conveyed to the Hospital. Bather a noisy crowd accompanied them on the way, ac cusing the two seamen of injuring Hann by throwing him down the stair, and it was this crowd that attracted the attention of one of our priucipal witnesses at the case so recently settled, namely—John Watson, the mate, cousin ta Charlie Dftwes. This man's astonishment may be conceived on beholding nKve and in the flesh the very relative he had sup posed murdered, and it was with difficulty that l)awes himself was made to under stand the real state of affairs; for, the moment he had fouiid himself in the water, he had struck out for the pier, believing, iu his muddled state, that he had simply fallen in and been drifted out with the tide; and then, finding himself cold, shivering, and penniless, had taken his way to Ma nearest friend's lodging. On the following morning, and before the rumor had got abroad as to a sailor being missing, the two had started for Glasgow, in which place they had been buried ever since, quite unconscious of tha excitement and trouble going on in thein absence at the other end of the line. Nearly three months elapsed before Hann was sufficiently recovered as to be able ta take his trial a second time. Thi&itme; wa had Charlie Dawes for a witness, but bis evidence did not amount to much, as far as the charge of throwing him into the sea was concerned. Abram.Hann, in his rav ings at the Hospital, had revealed thia scene very vividly; but, of course, lua mad ramblings could not be hooked as evidence, and this charge had to be departed from. Dawes, however) swore most positively as to the identity of the watch found by ua in Hann's possession, and on that charge ha was found guilty. .The sentence was ona year's imprisonment; but though Abraiu returned to Leith after its completion, ha could never be said to he the same man after it. His head was always in a weak, muddled state, arising doubtless from soma injury the brain bad sustained iu tha terrible fall down his own break-neck stair. He went amissing one day, and wds found stuck fast in the mud close in by the aida of the West Pier, quite dead, aim with his claw-like hands clutching the soft oose as if it had been a treasure of gold. Clearly prisons, penitentiaries, or even the gallows are not the only punishments meted out ta murderers by the Providence which rules the world, for if ever there was a murderer in intention it was Abram Hann when ha attempted that midnight n)urder. 