THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. Stxth Day. MoxriAY. January 31. The Revs. J. Bickford and G. W. Patcheli, M.A., were requested to prepare an obituary notice of the late Rev. M. Wilson, to ba in serted in the Minutes of the Conference. A telegram which was received on Saturday from the President of the Victoria Conference, announcing that the Rev. J. W. Crisp had baen appointed to South Australia in exchange tor the Rev. W. L. Binks, was read. The Rev. R. S. Casely read a draft of tha Pastoral Addrees, which, after a brief conversa tion on some of the topics it dealt with, was adopted, subject to a few slight emsndatiosa. DiFDTATlON FBOM CHDBCHSS. At noon a deputation consisting of tha Kovs. J. Lyall and J. Henderson, from the Presbytery; the Ear. S. Mead, M.A., LL B , and Mr. G. S. Fowler, from the Baptist Association; and tha Rev. J. McEwin, from the Congregational Union, attended to express the good wishe3 of their respective Churches. The Deputations were introduced by the Secretary of tha Con ference, the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, and cordially welcomed by the President, the Rev. W. P. Wells. The Rev. J. Lyall said he was glad to appear as the representative from the Presbytery of South Australia to convey to the Wealejan CcBference their fraternal greetings, and to wish them God-speed in thair future labours. (Applause.) fie could not but remember, and deeply sympathise with them in the sad and painful event that had so recently taken place amongst them in the death of the Rev. Matthew Wilson. It was painful in one sense, although they all felt in regard to their departed friend that he had been but removed from tha scene of conflict and labour to the scane of rest and reward. (Applause.) Th3y should all be followers of him in so far as he was a follower of the Lord and of the precepts of the blessed book, which was hi3 guide through life, and by which he was cheered aud sustained in his dying hour. Personally it afforded him. (Mr. Lyall) great pleasure to be there expressing his warm love towards the Wesleyan body and his sincere gratitude— and a gratitude that was shared throughout the universal Church— that God had enabled Methodism te do such mighty works in England and throughout tha English-speaking colonies. (Applause.) He could not look back upon the middle of the last century and tee the dangers that then existed, and the work that John Wesley and his coad jutors were raised up to accomplish, without feeling that they had benefited not only the Church in England but throughout the world. (Applause.) There were some matters of diffe rence between Wesleyans and Presbyterians, but they were moro in name than in reality. His Church honoured the Wesleyans for their firm attachment to the doctrine of the Cro3s, for their warm Evangelistic spine, and the fervour they had ever shown in trying to bring sinners to the Kingdom of Jesus Christ. The Presbyterians held the great doctrine that salvation, was of God, and that the whole scheme originated in His love, while tke Wesieyans held the great truth of the free agency and responsi bility of man. But there was in .reality little difference between them, as he, though a Presbyterian, agreed in the responsibility and free agenoy of man, and most of the Wes'eyans present agreed about salvation being of God. (Applause.) All the Evangelical Churches honoured the Weeleyans for what they had done in supplying new districts of the colony with the means of worship, and for what they had accomplished and were now doing iu tho Northern Territory. (Applause.) He might tell them that during his recent visit to England ho was privileged to stand on the classic ground in Bunhill Fields where were buried many noble Wesleyan preachers, and to enter the very pulpit from which John Weelcy used to preach, aud where he (the speaker) heartily prayed that the spirit that was powerful in Wesley might rest on him and lead him to mighty labours and great success in the cause of the Master whom they a^l loved. (Applause.) The 'R9V. J. Hendebson said the Presby terian Church, which be represented with Hr. LjalJ, rejoiced to labour side by side wi;h a denomination which had learned so well to eco nomize its resources and to overtake and provide for the spiritual wants of the outlying districts of he colony. (Applause.) In this the Wesleyan Church had set a noble example, and one whish other denominations would do well to oopy. Though there were differences of opinion, they could all work together in loving fellowship and practical co-operation. While condoling on the solemn bereavement that had ju3t taksn pkee, he could not help but remark how im pressively such a visitatien taught them to gird up their loins and work while it was to-day, and before the night oame in which they could not work. ( Sear, hear. ) The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B,, as one of the representative* of the Baptist Association, was glad to give fraternal greetings to the Wecleyan Conference. (Applause.) He had passed through strange experiences during the past two years, and had been in many bow circumstances. But it was certainly a new scene for him to be present in a Wesleyan Conference. (Laughter and Hear, hear.) Ha felt it an honour to stand in their midst and on behalf of his brethren and fellow Christians to express their uncere regaid and very earnost well- wishes for the welfare of the Wesleyans aaa denomination. (Applause.) The Baptists, he felt sure, heartily sympathized with tia Wesleyans in their bereavement, for they ha I themselves very recently lost by death the Rov. Mr. Fulton, £one of their esteemed minUterd. But there was this difference between the two case?, that whereas Mr. Wilson had reachad a good old age and had done some great Barrios, Mr. Fulton was only in the dawn of his ministe rial career. Concerning tho absence of Mr. Fairey, one of the deputation for the Baptist Association, ho might say that that gentlenaau had a short time ago stated that he might no: b j able to attend the Conference of the Wesleyan body, with whom, however, he felt the heartiest sympathy, and for whom he entertained the best wishes. He (Mr, Mead) did not regret the fact that there were^ so many different denominations of the Christian Churoh, as he believed their existence had baea overruled for good. (Hear, hear.) He baliarad that the interests of God's kingdom could be best served by each one acting on the truth as God enabled him to see it; and in his opinion the Christian Churches had not yet learned the great principle of religious liberty. (Applaasa.) In the local Church with which he stood coa nectedjthey had no creeds nor catechisms, and therefore it came to pass that they had a great many varieties of thought and feeling in a snail Church. But instead of this being a bar to union, it was rather an occasion for the exersisa of Christian love, and for the full play of the principle of Christian liberty. And surely what took place in the small circle of one Church ought to apply with regard to all denominations one towards the other. (Applause.) He did not believe that the interests of the cause of God in England would have been so firmly groanded as they were at present if there had only been one denomination there durirg the past two huadred years; and the Christian Church in America would not have been what it is to-day if there had only been one denomination there, even though it had been the Wesleyan denomination. (Laughter.) He hoped the time would come when they would be able not only to attend and express their goodwill, but also to take some active part in the deliberations held from time to time. (Hear, hear.) They could all learn valuable lessons from one another. He had recently been reading John Wesley's own biography, and it showed him more than any thing else he had ever read of the zeal, earnest ness, the rightmindedness, and the large and Christian spirit that animated the mind of Wesley. But the We3leyans could also learn from the Baptists, and such names a3 Carey, Marshman, and Ward would not soon be for gotten. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Mead concluded by speaking of the mighty work which in four yeara hRd been done in India by William Taylor, a Californian, and by Moody and S*nkey in England— examples which they should try to follow, and which would enlarge their sym pathies and make them overlook all sectarian differences. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. S. Fowleb, the other delegate from the Baptist Association, endorsed the cordial greet ings and sympathy expressed by the Rev. 8. Mead, and said that in his opinion a healthy competition among churches was far better than that they should all belong to one Church, So. icsg as it did not degenerates into opposition tbey might rest assured cf its beneficent result?. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. McEwm, as the representative of the Congregational Ueiob, expressed his sincere vrshes for the * ccEticued prosperity of the Wesleyan denomination in the colony, and his heart} condolence with them on tha loss of the Kev. Mr. Wilson, whose sudden death would doubtless cast a gloom en the remainder of the proceedings of Conference. He was sorry he «as not accompanied on that occasion by the other delegate appointed, the Rev. Thos. Hope, who bad left the eclony; but he thought no better testimony need be given of the goodwill among the different denominations than tho fact that during Mr. Hope's absence hia pulpit would be supplied by Wesleyans, Presbyterians, and B&ptisto;?. (Applause.) It wa3 the Congrega tional Union which first began the system of tending end receiving deputations ia the colony, and he was glad that at hut their Wesleyan friends had followed the example. (Hear, hear.) He was very glad to assure thorn of help and sympathy ia all that pertained to the highest interests of mankind, and ho was gratified to think that in the presence of these things the days of jealous rivalry were coming to an end. He could sincerely, on his own behalf, and on behalf of the Congregational UnioD, wish the Wesleyans of the colony greater prosperity and blessing than they had yet enjoyed. (Applause ) The Pkesidkkt, in the name of tho Con ference, gave each of the delegates for the other Churches a hearty welcome. He and hu fellow ministers were exceedingly gUd to listen to the fraternal words that had been so kindly spoken; and especially did they appreciate the reforences made to the bereavement which had befallen them. He was one of those who held somewhat strongly to what most people would regard as ohimencal— he looked forward for a time when the Churches would be very much nearer than at present, and when some of them would be merged one with the other. (Hear, hear.) He certainly did cot eee why all these denominations should forever keep up their distinctive names and operations, and he believed that as the millennial knowledge began to come and millennial light to shine they would be able to come much nearer each other. (Applause.) Though it had not been customary for the Wesleyans to receive deputations such as that, it was not because of an indisposition to do so, but, he supposed, because nobody initiated it. (Hear, hear.) It was, however, initiated a year ago, and deputa tions had been received and other denomina tions had been visited, and they hoped good would result from the interchange of fraternal greetings. (Hear, hear.) The Bev. J. Bickford, ex-President, in alluding to the decease of the Rev. Mr. Wilson, said that last Friday he was in his placa in Conference, and on Saturday afternoon he was in the spirit world mingling with the blest. With reference to his dying while leaning on the Bible, it seemed that after forty-one years of successful Christian labour, Borne of which was of the highest character and performed in the highest placf a of the mission-field, he felt that it wa3 only by resting on tho Divine Word that he could wind up life safely and go up safe to God. As to the differences that existed between Weeleyana and the other Churches represented there that day, he could assure them that he believed a variety of denominations was by far the best and most likely to conduce to tiue prosperity, (dear, hear.) At all events, though he highly esteemed and heartily recipro cated the good wishes expressed he could assure them that he should not give up his own favourite doctrines. (Hear, hear.) Ho had been muoh pleased with the unity existing among the Evangelical Churches in South Australia, and when ho went to .England, as he hoped to do shortly, he should say that it was not so much owing to their deeper piety as to their better common secst) In adhering ta things essential, and in things nun - essential giving each other the most Christian liberty. (Laughter and applause.) It had always been a pleasure to him while in the colony to obsorve the absence of these social distinctions which in England were to some extent the result of an Established Churoh ; and he should evor esteem the true fraternal feeling evinced by the minis ters of other denominations. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. S. Knight said the presence amoDtrst a Weeloyan Conference of ministers representing other religious bodies seemed like tha beginning of a new era, and he was heartily glad to wol comeit. (Hear, hear.) He hoped tuat by their meetings they would be ablo to provoke one another to good works. Oa tho pra vi.us Sunday evening— for tho third time in twenty years— he took a holiday, and resolved on going to worship with tha Kov. Dr. Antliff. While trying to find out where ho waa preaching he Baw so many people walking about the streets that hs determined to visit as many places of worship as possible in order to sea the number of worshippers. (Laughter.) During the time for divine eervice he visited 11 churches in the city proper, finding in ten of them only 1,715, and in the eleventh, which was a Roman Catholic church, about 450 persons. The total of 2,165 was exclusive of Lutheran and Episcopalian churches, which he did not visit. He thought 2,000 persons out of a population of 20,000 was but a small proportion to be found on Sunday evening within the walls of eleven places of worship within the city. At nearly all the houses he passed most of the members of the families seemed to be at ho:ne; aud as for the tr:in3 to Glenclg, why he at once eaw in them tho people who should have formed the congregations. (Applause.) He extenuated the small attendance on avcornt cf the severity of tho weather; but he eci'J to himself 'This won't do.' (Ap plause.) He resolved to try if he could louse the colony iu some way or other nLen an occasion offered itsslf, though ho did not expect eo soon to have an opportunity of speaking on the subject. (Laughter.) It appeared to htm that what they wanted was work of a personal character — a house to house visitation, and to keep it up. (Hear, hear.) The Christian enthusiasm now existing was not strong enough to bring people to church or chapel on these oppressively hot evenings, and therefore they ought to be still more in earnest. As to the fraternal greetings they had just heard, he could, for the bjdy of the Conference, sincerely tender his grateful thanks for the Christian support and coopera tion which had been shown, ansi by which their hands were strengthened and their hearts cheered. - (Applause.) Tie Pbesidebt gave to each member of tho deputation the right hand of Christian friend ship, and the proceedings then closed. AFTERNOON SESSION. The case of the Rev. W. H. Pollard was re sumed. He requested that the resolution of Saturday might be read, which was as follows : —'That Mr. Pollard is deemed inadequate to the requirements of our itinerant work on account of heart disease. The Conference deeply sympathises with brother Pollard, and will keep him on trial if he desires it.' Ha then said that while he should be unwilling to remain on probation for an indefinite period, he should be very willing to do so for another year, or even longer if necessary. Since his illness, for the lo£t 16 months he had been actively engaged, and he believed that he was stronger now than a year sgo. His whole heart waa in the work of preaching the Gospel, and he hoped he might be permitted, to continue in that employment. Several ministers expressed thoir deop sympathy with Mr. Pollard in his affliction. It wa3 stated that in view of the trying character of the work the Conference could not take the responsibility of appointing him to a Circuit without his full concurrence, but as it was his wish it waa resolved that he remain on trial another year. A few verses of the solemn hymn ' Coma let us join our friends above' were then sung, tho Rev. T. Lloyd engaged in prayer, and the Pbesident introduced the subjeot of the loss the Connexion had sustained in the death of the Rov. M. Wilson. # He read a letter written by the deceased minister on Saturday morning, in which he spoke of suffering from a slight sin stroke, but believed the effects were passing away, and prayed God's blessing might rest on the Conference. They might imagine the shock which he experienced on learning only a few hours after receiving the lettsr that its writer had already ceased from his labours. He hoped they would all learn from the incident to -preach as dying men to dying men, The obituary notice read by Mr. Patchell contained the following references to the departed minister's character— 'Mr. Wilson possessed a cheerful and ami&ble; disposition. He lived a holy life, and main tained an unblemished reputation. The sim plicity of his character and eminently devotional spirit by which he was characterized aecured for bim general admiration, affection, and respect.' Mr. Bickfobd said that the portrait was by no means overdrawn, Their departed friend was a man of God, full of faith and the Holy Ghost. He hoped that the influence of his exemplary life and happy death' would long bo felt byhii younger brethren. Mr. Rica said he had learned to esteem Mr. Wilson for the sake of his character, and tdlove him as a father. lie was one of tho good men who were so scarce in the world. His nature was bo far removed from fretfulness that intercourse with him was a delight. Mr. GOLDSMITH said that the peace of mind to which Mr. Rfgg roferrei Tvas cot so much the result of constitu tional temperament as of a holy life. Mr. Burgess stated that he remembered Mr. Wilson's arival in the colony 22 years ago, and tho impression prodnced upon |him aj the spirituality of his character and the prayerfulness of his habits. A remarkably devotional spirit was one of his most distin guishing characteristics. Mr. Boras felt that a singularly beautiful character, one of those which were the light of the world, had bean taken away. He could not but mention the Lome piety exhibited by thoir sail. ted brother and his invariable readiness to serve tho Churoh. Similar testimonies were borne by other minis ters. It was arranged that a funeral sermon should be preached by the President of the Conference on Wednesday evening, in Pirie- streot C'iiurch. On account of a meeting of the Prinoe Alfred College Committoo the Conference adjourned at 4 o'clock. 