jJMEN OP1THE WORLD., , ? us" is nd doubt true; bat in spite of our devotion •;.... to material tilings,; very few^of- ua aeqnire-the first rudiments,of-iho.-great-art of -living- iti the world. We quit life in lamentable ignounderstanding the pauses of ' our constant . Kifftilure.'ll What is Called': the wisdom of ourancestors seemsto behere ofvery littleavail, -!. nor are tbore any pages of history which re- ;'••• n peat. .themselves .-with- such certain punc- \- -. tuality as those that record the persistent • neglect of- the-most simple and- enduring A conditions of life. Men and women appear : to acquaint themselves- with the blunders of \- those who have gone before thwn for no other ,-end.,-than that they may be able to : . cominlt'them again; and this truth is now ,-. so widely recognised. that we.ihave invented a .particulariphrase to characterise the few ss. who exhibit a .better knowledge of the practical rules which-govern existence. Men of the •world are in'fact men.who understand how to adjust their lives to. the circumstances that . surroundand coatrol them. They possess . 'in a high- degree that .genius for the art of living which isi so-strangely denied to the greater number of their fellows, .'and they :• . have the patience to study with due attention the facts which most men 1 deem too simple :and -obvious for -consideration. ' And .. although we may. all claim to be men of this world, in so far as we have no present access v ta any other, there are but very few who ; possess the qualifications , which give to the r. privileged class its special-distinction. - The' majority of men need more than a life's -..•experience-to-determine the exact balance between possibility -and desire; whereas the man of the world, endowed with the art of " living, leaps at once to the conclusion, and is prudent.without the-long-education of failure. He is not a ;philosopher, because he has no theory to support or expound, nor; has he the temper of those religious enthusiastawho {look, forward to some future recompense for present , ills. On the contrary, • his constant endeavor is to show by exjampie '-that life may. be endured without \- protest or rebellion, and to prove by patient acceptance of what is unalterable that 'the,antagonism between man and his fate is : : pot so bitter 1 as others suppose. Taken in ; ';.tbis:highest sense, .therefore, the term does not imply any kind of reproach. To do . our duty in that state of life .unto which it has pleased God to call us is indeed enjoined by the catechism, and the man of the world only enlarges this precept of. the church in . striving to make himself as much at home as possible on the .- earth^onwhich he finds himself. Nor is it extraordinary that a person so gifted should beldokedup to with respect, even by those' who are cast in a very different mould. The most ideal beings tare occasionally arrested by the inert force of dull facts, and in such ••-. straits/ they are naturally willing .enough .--•- to fleet aid from others who aTe well informed inmaterial things, and-to render a certain amount of homage to the man who, not being " above his place " in the scheme of creation, keeps an unshaken course bv • dint of a grave reserve of .imagination- and desire. But even the soundest creed may be travestied,; and: the principles by,which men of : the world regulate their lives are specially susceptible of caricature. Among those who ape the distinction without possessing the =ir,equalities implied by the title two varieties ; have.-always been prominent. The first consists of "persons who make a very little world ;,of,..tbeir own, and then pride themselves upon understanding Its conditions. Thevcom- 1 ...-: -mit the- original sin of mistaking Pentonvllle or Belgravia for the universe, and assiduously • cultivate a local wisdom wliich becomes the veriest folly when pushed beyond the narrow limits of their domain. They suppose that existence is dependent upon the due observance of-the most trivial Social rules, and they find in a reverent obedience; to the latest etiquette a sufficient cure for all the maladies c; that overtake the soul. It makes -but Jittle "'-"difference-'.in the essential character • of this typo whether it is found in the upper ten or ,: .the lower-.millions. In -either case the pigmy t , > individuality is about the same - size, and ;i';:;whether 'it-dictates the laws' of life to the drawingroom or the kitchen matters absolutely nothing. - -With such a person . the man of the. world J is often confused. 'The - larger ou-tlook ,over life is not distinguished from the. quick insight.'into trivialities, and it is rashly concluded, that, because a -man knows'exactly rthe most appropriate-costume for the skating rink .'or a garden party, he therefore . understands the eternal conditions of human existence: -' This type presents, of course.lthe extreme form of caricature. The second variety affects ;a more plausible',..appearance,. and .-the radical imposture is-npt quite so easy of. detection: is not only apractical.many but a philosopher; and he is able to formulate the results of his experience for the benefit of his I fellowcreatures. Heprofesses.tohave endured-in his time all the trials that overtake the most ..ideal beings,.andto -vhave; collected ja series . of maxims whicharetoserve as a sure defence against all- attacks of the rebellious spirit. No problems of the soul aro deemed top- great for Ms drivelling analysis. . Life in its'highestaspeet-is only the expression of a \---few4rite-proverbs-which™maybecommitted to memory like the rules in a Latin grammar- Once.-learned, these epigrammatic guides .' to ^conduct ought to serve for all the needs of human-existence, and the man who cannot^thrustjhis life intothe narrow dimen- Bions of ithis jdimiuuiive- philosophy iB a fool o r if ^mad^an. ^fIt-w^uld '.of-courae render princi- ' -ples^ouldbe'set to ftie'sortofdroning music in <which the philosophic"man ofjthe world .delights. „ The ,art of Jiving could then be acquired like,,a .recipe for a pudding, and failure would always be attributable to the omission of-some particular ingredient. Within the limits of a single play Shakspeare has admirably pergonified these three varieties of humanlyharacter. „ It was necessary^or-,the:full, expreSSrSn of Hamlet's r^nature that he should be'brought jnto contact Vith the exponents of practical ideas, and ~»'accordingly*^he dramatist/ -with -the utmost' refinement ofi art, has relieved his essential unworldliness.against different depths of Jthei wordly character. So refined, indeed, isjthfe' first -contrast that it holds within it an -element of - harmony. Between Hamlet and Horatio there is a close and en-' -friendship — a friendship which is in truth based upon the moat pro n . - „ . ' 18 J r TZ- • true type of the man of the world, but this, worldhnees is so nohle and u Cbeeking that j it contrasts,' without conflicting; with Ham- 1 let's ideal vision.; Hamlet is In-himself the ^expression*Ja art of the artistic attitude towards actual.facts. He is no.neaTer tojtiie world-than a spectator of a play to- the life which it symbolises, and he- is 1 as incapable of carrying on a practical drama of-'life as the same spectator, if suddenly summoned from • his' ..place -in., the; audience, . would be of completing; the unfinished action of the stage. His constant endeavour is to put himself outside • the cir- \ eumstances with-which he is brought into, contact,- and to-get far enough Laway from: tiiem to ho able to measure their value and determine their drift. This, which-he believes; to be the necessary preliminary to action, renders him at last entirely powerless-to act.: At each .step he is only carried further from the real world, and though his vision of it grows in distinctness, he; becomes only the more incapable of altering or reshaping the fixed lines of the picture which rises before ;him. ;,It.is true that his fate combines with his character to keep him thus a mere spectator of actual, life. With ' happier fortunes he j might have gradually bridged over the gulf 1 that.separated.;him from the reality, and he had already by his jovefor Ophelia attempted to_ find an ideal pathway that should lead him beyond the confines of mere speculation; but on the very-threshold of the new realm he is met by a crime that makes hitn shrink back .with-double recoil, while at the same time it compels him to terrible action. Side by side with this character we find the steadfast nobility.,of-.Horatio. Without a touch of what is sordid or selfish he nevertheless possesses the unfaltering grasp of facts -and the sober reserve of feeling which mark the ! true man of the world. He bears himself gravely, but without.cynicism or bitterness, as a man who has tutored himself to moderate desire by instinctive knowlege of the little that life has to offer.' Shakspeare- takes the earliest opportunity of showing the different realms which these two men inhabit, and their natural remoteness from one another. Horatio's incredulity about the ghost, his terror in its-presence', and his final array of precedents for such supernatural intervention are entirely characteristic of a man strong in contact with all the shapes' of earth, but weak as soon as he ceases to feel the firm ground beneath his feet. And ShakspeaTe has made Hamlet both .feel and express the support which such a character gives him. The speech in which he declares his admiration of Horatio may be. taken to sum up the; qualities that belong to the man of the world For thou "hast been : As one, in suffering all, that suffers toothing, A man that fortune's buffets and Towards Has ta'eu with equal thanks.-. And blest are J -,- ' • . those ' '"," " Whose blood and judgment ara :so , well-commingled, Tnat they, are not a pipe for fortune's Soger To sound what stop she please. Those whose blood and judgment ; are so commingled are the -only men fitted to : grapple with life as it is. They are not lost' in the trivialities -of. existence merely be-, cause they studiously limit their vision" to what is possible; nor do they ever err so far as to mistake the petty rules of conduct for a divinely inspired philosophy. ; . Between Hamlet and, Polonius the contrast is sharper and more abrupt. The man who could appreciate the worth and nobility; of Horatio's character, notwithstanding its distance from his own, did not fail to detect the social charlatanism of the old courtier. Polonius is a type of the class of men who delight to translate a narrow wisdom into a. still narrower philosphy. He holds a frail belief that the landmarks of human life aire wise saws and trite proverbs, and hia lament-' able failure to understand all tfiatvli&s; beyond the trim garden of his own mind renders his philosophy, even at his highe® point of wisdom, just a little short of[;tjh# facts which, it pretends to control vGEfe' begins by an endeavour to interpret \tHe young. Prince's nature. For a little whiie^iie indulges the belief that he knows both the source of the disease, and ijs care, and^ihtr gravely.informs the King and Queen thitjisi has rdiscovered the very cause of Hamlet's lunacy, proceeding afterwards, with a pompous decorum, to trace its growth through the different stages of sadness^ fast, weakness, and lightness, i But, like all who suppose that practical wisdom is a mere store of neatly-garnered proverbs, Polonius is, throughout the old drama, persistently at fault in his .calculations. Notwithstanding his imost laborious efforts to be- wise, he is never in the centre of the'situation, and is, at last hurried out of life without even being permitted to indulge the kind of edifying death-bed scene that would- so well 'hava suited his ceremonious folly." He could have . no part in the serious , and awful 7 climax" -towards which the drama was swiftly 'tending, and ho. : is rightly dispatched by the'-; dramatist at- the. moment when he might', •have over-heard things too great' for "hisfeeble soul to. compass. But 'Shakspeare has reserved the. most glaring contrast for. the. Jast.' The pragmatic ..wisdom of Poloniu8 r-faas.deceiyed many besides Claudius iand the:<Queen; and his glib philosophy, has been; quoted....--with approval; by;.all; who suppose thatjbrevity is the soul of wit, and that ,therules of life can be mado a short lesson. 0sric. is : a more evident 1 caricature. He ap T_- pears, at a time when'not even the true manhood of noratiois of;any avail-to stem the fatal icarrent of events, and, when his precise triviality; and elaborate devotion to -fashionable' ietiquette cast a lurid- light upon the principal action of the drama". • Hamlet admirably hits off the qualities of the race of men who flutterupon the surface of society., and pretend to a knowledge of the. world; They have " got the tune of the time and outward • habit of encounter; a: kind of. yesty collection which carries them through and" through the moat fanned and winnowed opinions,, .and do but blow them-to their trial, tli® bubbles are out;" Qsric, in his jantiqueicostnmeiisperhapsscarcelyrecognisable by his fellows of the present day, who do,not wear rapiers or speak: h& particular dialect; but he is neither. lietter- nor -worse - than, hundreds of every age who are ac-' count ed.men''of"the'woTld~fiierelybecause; t they-do not transgress ihe laws of the drawingroom. It is remarkable that .Shakspeare , has/not -endowed any of .these characters ambition.- 1 Hofati^', Pofonjusg and -Osnc h'ave all "in existence independent* h of f 1 ® E main acfiyu of tlie drama;- • ''Xhey ; aro' ' not interested in the 1 plot or "its 'ieverit^al-' though Jthey^aie prominent during its 'pro-" gress, and 'thb contrast which theyiprese'nti p 5 iih Camlet is purely .one, of ch«ert|ninfluenced by ^rtune Ic other places T Shaksp&re; 4 imaged for u/me^of the world whose-"control of facts is gained and exercised for private ,ends, and whose -prac^. tical power-is'directed byambitloiii ; -Bolingr, broko >in Eichard- II, and Octavius • Gsesar in . Antony'and-Gleopatra, are splendid examples of great power used with -distinct purpose, - But in Hamlet the dramatist has simply endeavoured-to contrast differences ,of character without the antagonism; which is; begotten by opposing interests. Horatio .was Hamlet's true friend to tho last; Polonius was not less "friendly in intent,' and Osric's diminutive brain could not have held ambition. - 