The Tichborne Romance Again. In a recent copy., of the Melbourne Herald appeared a letter from Mr. J. C. Le Sage, a gentleman who claims to be in possession of such knowledge as would enable him to lay his hand upon the veritable Arthur Orton, but is prevented from doing so. through lack of fonds. In his letter the writer expresses his willingness to give for the loan of £100 the sum of £500, should the information he possesB win for him the reward of £2000 oftered by Mr. GUbert Gnslow for Orton's production in England. In consequence of this statement, a repre sentative of the Herald -interviewed Mr. Le Sage, who is reported to have made the following statement :— All the world knows that Arthur Orton, so much talked about, landed at Hbbart Town, Tasmania, in the year 1853, where he was in charge of a pair of ponies which came out from England in the '. Bhip Middleton. Between . the years 1848 and 1850, Orton had been in South America, where he became acquainted with the D' Castro family, at a small town called Mellipilla, I became acquainted with Orton . at Hobart Town in 1853, and when I left the island to goto Victoria in the same year, he had pre ceded me by several, months. Does it not seem strange that, at the late trial, no information was elicited as to the whereabouts of Orton from the months commencing May '53, terminating about the end of '54 ? It was merely supposed that Orton was during that space of time in Hobart Town, whereas in reality he was not there at all. He was in South America during the time, and when he returned to Tasmania he came as a ship wrecked sailor, who had been picked up by an emigrant ship. Orton himself told me, when in aftertimes we met in Gippsland, and he knew the fate of the Bella, the vessel on board which Roger Tichborne is said to have sailed from Bio Janeiro. Orton told me that tbe craft was not wrecked, but that a mutiny took place aboard of her. He was always dumb when -asked what part he took in the rising of the crew. The story told by the claimant abont his landing at Port Phillip in 1854, in a three- masted schooner, called the Osprey, is a rank lie, an invention of his own. The fiction is based on the following facts :— Arthur Orton was strolling one day about the Melbourne wharves, desirous of again going to sea, and look ing for a ship. He met and was engaged by a Captain Michael Carmichael, skipper of a 64 ton schooner that had lately come out from Glasgow, via the Cape of Good Hope, and was then on the berth for Sydney. This little vessel was called tbe O6prey. Hence the con fusion. The other Osprey, the one that bothered the lawyers, never was built; it and Mrs. Harris are identical. If the schooner Osprey that came to Australia via the Cape, had picked up a boat load of shipwrecked ? mariners off the Sonth American coastr it stands to reason that the men would have been landed at Cape Town, that being the nearest port; on the route of Australia. Now it happened that, although engaged to serve as a sailor aboard thfe schooner Osprey, .Ortofc did not go to Sydney in her, as she could not get a cargo, and was consequently taken off the Sydney berth, in December, 1854, and sold. At this time Captain J.; Johnson, of Mewbura Park Station* was in Melbourne making arrangements for the building of a new— homestead, which was erected in the -following year, 1855. Captain Johnson and Orton met, aud the latter was engaged by the former to superintend the lauding of cattle at Jlobart Town, as at that .-time Johnson exported. from Port Albert, in his own craft, cattle to Tasmania. . : ? Captain Johnson soon found out that Orton was a very useful servant, and. a man likely to be of service^ both at] the Tfismanian place of landing and the stat ion of Mewbura Park,, so the captain took him over in his own craft, the Free Trader, to Port Albert After a time, in the year ,1856, 1 met Orton, and then he was engaged as stockman, on ;the Mew burn Park station. -At the end of 1856 Orton went to Boisdale station, under .engagement of Mr. Foster, and in the year 1857 , he waa sent to the Dargo. I know that, in 1658, Orton was on a 'station owned by Mr. Foster, but the place was; called by soms aboriginal name, wnich I do not remember. .' At .this time; a dreadful murder was com mitted. A man;, who, at the tame was well-known sb BaUarat Harry (real name Henry Wickens), a former shipmate of Arthur Orton,' was found shot dead. . For this murder, a storekeeper, named .Took, was; tried and acquitted.' Strange to s&y;, after the murder, Arthur Orton refused point blank to remain in the locality where the tragedy occurred. I said to him in jest, 'Are you afraid of Harry's ghost ?' Then he. grasped me by the throat with a 6udden movement, aud as suddenly released me,; remarking with a laugh, ?*' Pm. not afraid of any d ? d, ghost' . lmusttell you Orton was always looked upon as Harry's murderer by the Gippsland people. The .next thing I know about Orton is, that, at the end of May, 1859, he was' em ployed at the 'Exchange stables,' in Sale, and that he suddenly left his employ^ takimg with him a: horse, which he stole— a mare the property 'of a Mr. Blaqkham. :. This performance caused the following notice to appear in. the Police Gazette : —V Arthur Orton, horsebreaker and butcher. Height, about 5ft 9^in. Brown hair ; stout built ; very little beard j pale complexion ; a tooth missing in the upper jaw.' This personal des cription tallies to a nicety .with that given of the 'Claimant,' - Little does Arthur Orton suspect that the man he left for dead with a hole in his skull, is living yet 1 Little does he kaow that thereisaman Hying who can produce his facsimile portrait, taken by the Law, and tell that which will destroy him. After the Gipps Land murder no one hears of Arthur Orton. Why? The answer is easy,. It is not unnatural that a man suspected of a murder, and known to be a hoffle .stealer, should think a change of name desirable : and is there anything more natural than that he should adopt the name of his' former South American acquaintance, De Castro? TTirtoo -who gBT-e-attenirforL %O'Tlie tteWB paper accounts of the Claimant's - trial will remember, how adroitly : he— fearing the Crown might be in possession of facts connected with Orton's colonial career — makes the horsestealing happen in 1859 at Castlemaine, and represents the persons tried and acqnitted for the offence as two in number, — to wit, Orton and Castro. It is not true that Orton and Castro were tried together at Castle maine, for Orton did not leave Gippsland until May, 1859. The police records will show that warrants for the arrest of Orton were in the hands of the police at all: the stations in the; colony, in June, 1859; that descriptions were given of him in the Police Gazette,- aud: that no mention is made of a De Castro, or Castro. I can also: prove that Orton did not go,' up country' after leaving Gipps land, as I have in my possession a wages book which proves .that he went to Tas mania, and entered. the service of an Hobart Town batcher named William Ham, with whom be remained nntil the year 1860, when he went to Riverina, and became known as Castro, a mail rider. Castro, the ex-mailman, was afterwards well-known at Wagga Wagga as a butcher; but no one Beard anything more about the horsestealer, Orton. I am in possession of shipping records, newspaper extracts, photographs, and documents written by Orton, but I do not at present feel at liberty to disclose more.' From the above narrative it will be perceived Mr. Le Sage .' believes himself to be in a position to prove that the convict, commonly known as the 'Claimant,' is really Arthur Orton. It will also be seen that Mr. Le Sage does not pretend to say what became of Sir Roger Tichborne, though ? he authoritatively claims to be in a position tOLproye that the self-dabbed Sir Roger, of Dartmoor, is the actnal Orton and Castro of Hobart Town and Wagga Wagga. Mr. J. T. Wright, of one of the Mel bourne inquiry offices, has undertaken, under certain conditions, to advance the required sum, £1100, without bonus or charge whatever. * Mr. Johnson was for many years engaged in a flourishing business as a ship chandler, in Habart Town, migrated to Gipps Land, and was afterwards a member of the Legislative Council of Victoria; 