[?] ! WHO KILLED JOHN ! CAMERON ? ! A SENSATIONAL AUSTRALIAN j STORY. ! Gil A RTFK 11. | Introduces hls Friend.-- A Jolly j After parting with the stockman, Harry i 1 1 walked rapidly 011 so rapidly j indeed char lie soon became heated. f Bo relieve liiiiL'elt, lie threw open, 1101. j only his coat, hut his vest ; hut lie quickly i rebuttoned the latter on observing that j Ins otherwise so o; less shirtfront was i stained in two places with blood. Then j he hurried 011 faster than ever murmuring I 1 1 1 1 ! iiieonerempy as he went. I I>y this time, with a suddenness that j is peculiar to Australia, darkness had | veiled the scene,- -mid yet scarcely dark- j ness, for, save when clouds obscure the j firmament, the myriad stars that bes- | pangle the southern hemisphere are so 1 bright that there is no such thing. 'Tis very seldom indeed that surround- | ing objects are altogether lost to sight, J and nature never seems to sleep, as in colder northern climes. i Thus in the present case the glorious j constellation of the Southern Cross shone I from out the indigo heavens in a perfect I blaze of glory, with ten billion other twinkling stars as. attendant hosts ; and from every tree-top countless millions of | locusts began to buzz, till the sound i resembled the droning of bagpipes, while | from the distance came occasionally the 1 shrill cry of the mopoke, or the melan choly liowl of the prowling warrigal. | Once or twice the gigantic bat-like form of the Hying fox winging its way towards some orchard, there to gorge itself 011 peaches and nectarines until daybreak, flitted so close to him as nearly to brush his face with its huge leathery wings; and thrice a laughing jackass mocked him with its bray and concluding demon-like chuckle. Harry Hastings, however, took no lieed of these accus tomed sights and sounds, but, murmuring still, continued 011 his course, till at last the open bush gave place to the post-and- rail fence on either side, betokening that a township was near. Then shingled roofs, and chimneys, in many cases wooden too, appeared in sight, and, after passing a few wattle-and-dab and bark huts, Harry Hastings reached the porch of the " Emu," the only stone building in the place, and also the only house of public entertainment. " Good evening to you, Mrs. Mason," said the artist, walking into the bar, and nodding familiarly to the buxom and rosy hostess who was the presiding deity thereof ; " I hope you can offer me a bed " I'd manage to make one up for you though the ' Emu' was full from cellar to attic. Bless my heart, Mr. Hastings, where have you been wandering for this year and a day?" " Why, pretty well all over Australia, for that matter. I've been to Cape York, amongst other queer spots, to study the habits of the alligator in his own domain, you know. I've done a lot of overlanding, to and " ''And made yourself look a regular ghost. Why, you're as white as any sheet, I do declare," said the landlady, finishing his sentence for him. ' ' (JIi, it's the effects of fatigue, that's all. I shall be another being after a wash and a brush up," laughed the artist. " If any one will show ine my room, I will begin about it at once." " A ou've plenty of time, sir ; supper won't be ready for half an hour. Here, Mary, you idle hussy, show Mr. Hastings up to his room, his old room, and take up some warm water and clean towels." Harry walked up the staircase, closely followed by the damsel before named, to whom, on reaching his bed -room door he said, as he took from her the towels and hot water : " Well, Polly, and how is your sweet heart, brave Willie Hogan '? Are you going to be married soon ?" "Directly he has taken a bushranger and got the reward. He vows that he will do so ere long. And the reward for Morgan is increased to a thousand pounds, and for Blue Cap to six hundred'" was the reply. ' ' W ell I'm sure 1 hope he'll succeed, Polly. Either sum would set you up \ nicely in housekeeping, wouldn't it I W illie Hogan is as brave a trooper as any in the service, and I know he'll try very hard to keep his promise." "You are very kind, Mr. Hastings, to bestow a thought upon our happiness in the face of our own bitter trial. Ah! I know what makes you look pale and ill, sir -it's the approaching marriage of Miss Kate and Mr. Percy. And, though I say it who perhaps shouldn't, I think it's scandalous." " Hush, Polly! not a word against her," said Harry Hastings, " and, as for him, why, I will settle with him. I am going to change my under-linen ; will you see that it's sent to tlie wash and returned as soon as possible, for I shall in all probability not stay here more than a couple of days T Mary saw at once, by the artist's change of manner, that he did not wish to con verse with her on the subject she had broached, and so she simply replied, " Yes, sir, I will see to it," and took her departure. Harry then, entering his room, shut the door, and unstripping the light knapsack he had carried 011 his shoulders, he took out of it a change of linen, a vest of Chinese silk, and a light grass-cloth coat. These lie donned in place of the clothes lie had travelled in, and tying up the shirt and collar he had taken off in his rumpled pocket-handkerchief, with a | care and circumspection most unusual | with him, lie threw tlie bundle 011 the j bed and made bis way down stairs. j He reached the dining-room to find j the table being laid for supper. There were two or three people in the room ! whom lie did not know, and some more i were seated outside the windows, | smoking in the wide verandah. j V liilst looking around liini, apparently j carelessly but in reality taking stock of , his surroundings, a gentleman approached j him from behind, and, slapping liini heartily 011 tho back, exclaimed ; " Why, my dear fellow, who on earth would have thought of seeing you in these parts 1 " " You, least of all, perhaps," replied Harry Hastings, turning quickly round, 1 recognizing Percy Vaughan. "Well, yes, I perhaps least of all," laughingly retorted the other ; "but what of that 1 Why do you withhold your hand !" " Because I. geneially reserve it for my friends." " And how long have I been black balled from that large yet highly select circle, may I ask ?" " Your heart ought to answer that 1 question, Percy Yaughan." "My heart, like my head, is most stupid at guessing riddles." " In that case, shall I answer it for I you I" I " Well, yes, but not here, Hastings, j before sirangeis. Gome out into the ver- | riudaii, where we shall be sure to find a j quiet corner somewhere all to ourselves." I Without waiting for the artist's reply, j P.Tcy Vaughan strode across the room I and through a window out into the wid , j bro d-iioo:ed, shingle-roofed verandah that sum uii led the bush inn 011 three sides. He walked along without once pausing i or ooking back until ho reached a des rte'd portion, when he threw himself into a chair, and coolly proceeded to light a cigar. Ere lie had finished doing so the artist was by his side. "Taken weed, Hastings," said Percy Vaughan, holding his open cigar-case up to him," and, whilst you are smoking, you can the more calmly tell me what all this absurd nonsense is about." "It is 110 absurd nonsense to me, Percy Vaughan." " Hang it, so it seems ; but out with it man, out with it and iiere take a cigar if you nieau to have one, before my hand wearies of holding them up to you." "I won't smoke, thank you. I want an j explanation, not a cigar. Kate Cameron, | when are yon and she going to be I married, eh!" I "I and Kate Cameron oh, is that j where the shoe pinches, friend! Well, I suppose it will come off when you resign i in my favour, and she agrees to the i exchange." " What! do you mean to say the wedding day is not fixed 011!" asked Harry, in tones of strong excitement. " Mine isn't, that I can take my oath 011\. Kate Cameron is no more to me than she was when you were down here a year ago," retorted Percy Vaughan, pulling away so vigorously at his cigar that his face was hidden by a cloud of pale blue smoke. " But, Percy, 3 our marriage is in every body's mouth," gasped Harry, scarcely knowing what to say. " Is it ? Well, can you hardly wonder at it ? She has no brothers or sisters, and by her father's express wish I am the constant companion of her walks and rides. You know thai he has long looked upon me as a kind of adopted son. and I believe the old boy's sincere wish is that I and Kate should marry, but when a young man and girl are always together they are sure never to feel the tender passion. I am by no means a hero in Kate's eyes, whilst as for Kate, although a dear good girl, and a pretty one into the bargain, she is not so much to my taste as a certain young lady in Melbourne who shall be nameless. But then, you know, what have the poor beggars in a bush township like Wodonga, to talk about ? They must invent subjects of interest." "Forgive me, V aughan, for having be lieved such idle rumours for an instant. I ought to have known both Katie and yourself better. There's my hand if you will accept it, though, hang it, I can scarcely expect you to do so." " yes, I will ; I can make an allow ance for lovers, who are never exactly rational, you know. There ! " And Percy Vaughan grasped Harry Hastings hand and wrung it heartily. " And now tell me, old fellow, how is Kate 1 " said Harry, with all his old bonhommie of manner returned. "Oh, she's all right, and allow me to tell you that you have arrived at a most opportune time, for this very morning old John Cameron left for Melbourne, where he intends to stop a week or two.' "Yes, yes, I know," laughed Harry. "Katie dropped me aline to that effect, and hence I am here." " What, and you doubted her after the receipt of such a letter ! " " Well, I was jealous fool enough to do so, I admit ; but you will tell her nothing of my unjust suspicions, will you, Percy ! " " Why, of course not, old fellow, you have known me long enough to be sure of that, surely. Come, you can smoke a weed now, as a kind of peace-pipe, you know." " Oh, yes, I can do a cigar now, and eat a good supper too. You will see Kate when you return'?" " Yes, if she's not gone to bed ere I get back." " Well, if she should not be, tell her that I will be at the shepherd's hut at the angle of the cockatoo fence, at nine o'clock in the morning. Oid Cameron dared me ever to come near his house again, and I won't do in his absence what I would not do were he at home. His daughter, however, I must and will see." " I'm sure she will have no objection to that, my friend ; but what a thousand pities it was that you did not keep in with her father, it would have made matters so much more pleasant for you." " It was impossible to keep in with a man who measured everything on earth by a pounds, shillings, and pence standard. You know I had her mother's consent to our union three years ago, and when the poor lady died, and I came all the way from Europe to Australia to ask her father's, he grossly insulted me." " Insulted you ! How did he do that, pr-vy '? " "Well, lie received me courteously enough ; but in a week, in his quiet Scotch way, he had pumped me dry about my family, my prospects, and everything else ; then one day he called me into his j counting-house, and told me that I had j only to prove that I could draw as well as j he, and lie would give me his daughter, i I asked liini- - for I rather relished his jest j — what we were to draw, remarking that I j had never suspected him of being an j artist. He answered, 'Oh, I'll draw what I I like, and do you do the same. Only a j slight sketch, you know, for I've very j little time to spare. I shall do mine with ! pen and ink." " What a funnr idea ! " laughed Percy j Vaughan. j " Yes, but the fun was all on j his side," answered Harry Hastings. ) "I sketched off' a landscape, and in ! a quarter of an hour laid it 011 his \ desk with an air of triumph, but with j greater triumph still he placed a cheque j for a hundred thousand pounds on the j top of it, saying, 'There, that's vffiat I can j draw, Mr. Hastings. When you can j do as well, you may ask me for my j daughter's hand again, but not a day be fore.' In vain I pleaded that I could make three hundred a year by my pencil even then, and had the brightest prospects before me. He replied that he would rather follow his daughter to the grave tlian wed her to a penniless artist ; and j then he called in his overseer, and bade him saddle two horses and accompanj me j at once to the confines of the run. Tis a j wonder that I did not stiike him, I would j have done so had lie not oeeu Katie s | father." j "Well, he is a mm old fellow with | those to whom he doesn't take. But lie j has been a second father to me, so we j must each speak as we find,'' said Percy j Y aughan. ' ' Now, to revert to to-morrow, can you get to the hut that you speak of ! at so early an hour? It is a good dozen j miles from here, remember." " I can red nee it to nine by going j through the scrub." " But the scrub is very thick in places." j " What of that '? I've a bowie-knife as j sharp as a razor, and it will soon cut a way in a few places where the scrub is dense. Look at tlie beggar." Harry dived his hand into the dee), narrow pocket that formed the usual receptacle for that, to an Australian bush- man, useful article, but as quickly drew it forth again, exclaiming ; " Hang it, the knife is gone. Now where could I have left it ? " He pondered for a minute, and then said hurriedly : " I must have dropped it in the bush. What an idiot 1" "Which way did you come?" asked j Percy Vaughan. I " AlongtheeoachroadtoYackandandah, I and from thence through tlie bush," was j the reply. | " Through the bush, eh ? Then 'twas lucky that you did not come face to face with old Cameron, for that's the way he travelled. Had he met yon, old fellow, he'd have smelt a rat." Before Harry could reply the supper- bell rang, and the landlord came out into the verandah to ask Mr. __Percy Vaughan if he would carve. When the two young men entered the well-liirhted room they found a dozen people sitting at the table, which was covered with dishes of fried chops and steaks, a hot round of beef, sundry steaming vegetables, a couple of large peach pies, tea and coffee, ale and porter, and bottles of colonial wine. Supper passed gaily over, for the appetites of the company were unex- ceptionably good, and it was close upon j ten o'clock when Percy Vaughan saddled his horse to ride back to the station. " Then you still think you can be at the hut as earlj as nine?" said he, as he grasped Harry's hand. ' ' The chances are that I shall be there long before," was the laughing reply "But tell Kate nine, and then she won't have to hurry over her breakfast." " I don't believe that either of you will eat much breakfast, poor silly young people," laughed Percy Vaughan, and, setting spurs to his horse, he galloped off. To be Continued. 