LEIGH HUNT. HiB conversation was simply perfection. If he were in argument — however warm it might be — lie would wait fairly and patiently t j hear ' the other side.' L nlike most eager converters, he never interrupted. Even to the youngest among his colloquists he always gave full atten tion, and listened with an air of genujne respect to what ever thev might have to adduce in support of their view of a question. He -was peculiarly encouraging to young aspirants, whether fledgling authors or callow casuists, and treated them with nothing of condescension^ or affable accommodation of his intellect to theirs, or amiable toler ance for their comparative incapacity; but, as it were, placed them at onee on a handsome footing of equality and complete level with hiuiBelf. When, as was frequently the case, he found himself left master of the field of talk by his delighted hearers, only too glad to havo him recount in his own felicitous way one of his ' good stories,' or utter some of his b good things,' he would go on in a strain of sparkle, brilliancy, and freshness like a sun-lit stream in a spring meadow. Melodious in tone, alluring in accent, eloquent in choice of words, Leigh Hunt's talk was as delicious to listen to as rarest music. Spirited and fine as his mode of narrating a droll anecdote in written diction undoubtedly is, his mode of telling it was still more spirited aad still more fine. Impressive and solemn as is his wav of writing down a ghost story or tragic incident, his power in telling it was still better. ' Tender and affecting as is his manner of penning a love story, or a mournful chapter in history, and the romance of real life, his style of telling it went beyond, in pathos of expression. He used more effusion of utterance, more mutation of vjice, and more energy of gesture than is common to most Englishmen when under the excitement of recounting a comic story ; and this produced corresponding excitement in his hearers, fo* that the ' success' of his good stories was unfailing, and the laughter that followed him throughout wrs worked to climax at the close. Those who have laughed heartily when merelv reading his papa- entitled ' On the Graces and Anxieties of Pig-driving ' will perhaps hardly-credit us when we assert that Leigh Hunt's own mode of relating the event he there describes of the pig-driver in Long-lane far surpassed the effect produced by the written narration, polishedly witty and richly humourous as that written narrative assuredly is. The way in which Leigh Hunt raised his tone of voice to the highest pitch, hurling himself forward the while upon air, as if in wild desire to retrieve the bolting pig, as he exclaimed, ' He'll ge up all manner of streets '. ' brought to the hearers' actual sight the anguish of the 'poor fellow,' who was ' not to be comforted in Barbican,' and placed the whole scene palpably before them. — The Gentle man's Magazine. 