THE MYSTEEIES OF CRIME; on, The Experiences of an Edinburgh Detective.—No, XTX. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A BIGAMIST AND HIS VICTIM. Anonymous letters are stabs in the dark. The best place for them is the fire. So we think, and so we generally act. But the burning of the letter does not always de _prree.the_thrust of its sharpness, or the intelligence of its startling nature. If the letters come in regularly, with steady per sistence at the one statement, we^ find the subject cropping up in our minds and creeping into our discussions; and some times, in the long run. as in the following case, we really take action in the matter and have done with it:— -<£^To"the Chief of Police, Edinburgh. « Sir—I again beg to call your attention to Aspen Villa, the residence of Major Scoular, near C——. I have every reason to suspect that a sane woman is confined in that house against her will, and treated with cruelty and severity. By investigating the matter at once, you will confer a favor on, "Yours truly, " Lynx-eye." Tiie above was tlie seventh or eighth letter that we liad received within a months time; but tliougli every one of them was in the same handwriting, and contained exactly the same statement, " Lynx-eye" shrouded herself so well that we could not safely take any action in the matter. The letters mostly bore^ the Edinburgh post-mark, but by the district stamp—now fallen into disuse—we could see that they were never twice dropped into the same letter- box; and so we-gave up the idea of trying to discover her by watching the receiving-house, as we might have done had she stuck to one. It was not want of sympathy for "a sane woman, confined against her will," &c.;, that tied our hands, but a due regard for our own safety and a seasonable dread of a hoax. The few facts we gleaned in a quiet way as to Major Scoular and his surround ings appeared to confirm us in this course. He had retired from the army—a bachelor of thirty-five or so—on half-nav; and shortly after suddenly augmented his for tune by marrying a young lady, an orphan, but holding in her own right wealth to a great amount. Thus the Major's quiet and retired " apartments" in Eorres-street were exchanged for two brilliant establishments —one a country one, away in the North, and another at C , close to Edinburgh. The Major was a "fast man." This is a re spectable term, and means literally a drunken beast and a brutal libertine—at least, that is the meaning I wish to give it here. For a time, however, all had gone well. _ His young wife had either become reconciled to his failings, or had learned to submit where there was no remedy. But a fearful rupture came at last, ana it was supposed that the lady had returned to her friends, leaving him to squander in his own way the wealth she had fiung at his feet. The house at C was all but closed, an old woman being left in charge, and the Major seldom if ever going near the place; while that in the North was never occupied but when its owner chose to take a number of his boon companions to it, that they might hold their revelries undisturbed. As as 'rule, however, he kept by his splendid Mte of apartments at the West End, and seen\ed to live but for one object—how to get rid of his money. Now, putting these facts alongside of our anonymous letters, it seemed not at all unlikely that the whole had emanatedfrom spite or spleen in one of the Major's dis carded mistresses. "Women are strange beings. As they can love, so can they hate.; and J would rather have twenty men* seek my destruction than one woman. I admire women, but I fear them also—as every one must who has seen as much of their doings as I have. Perhaps, had the complaints come from more than one source, we might have moved quicker; but, as it was, the month had nearly elapsed, and then I received the following important order:— " That' Lynx-eye' again! You might just take a walk out and see what like the house is, if you have nothing in hand. Do not inteifere in any way, nor let yourself be seen. Just look about you and let me know the result." This vague order I understood perfectly; and the wary and cautious execution of the same^ was just a task suited to my peculiar likings. I walked leisurely out by the "West End thinking the matter over, and got within sight of the house. In stead of approaching it, I turned into the old churchyard, where an old gravedigger was at work, and sat down on a tombstone near him to fan myself and rest after the hot, dusty walk. " If any one in the place has heard or knows anything about this business, this man will," was my mental conclusion; and very soon we were " cracking" away like old acquaintances about the old church and its antiquities. After he had given me snuff, and the history of the box, and had retailed to me the usual nonsense traditions regarding the stone ladies and headless knights in the adjoining church, I gradually edged away to the surrounding scenery ana houses—including, of course, the lonely house, Aspen Villa, which we could just see, and no more, through the trees at a distance. But at this point he drew up and grew cold and reserved. I pressed him for a reason. iLLdinna ken—I've nae partic'lar rea son," he answered at last. " Jist, I dinna like tae speak aboot it. The fact o' the matter is—the place is haunted." "Haunted P How soP You don't be lieve in such nonsense, do you ?" " Believe or no believe, their's mair than me thinks it," he doggedly returned, "sud denly resuming his digging, as if to get rid of the subject. "Is that a fact ?" I said, simply, dropping into his own bioai Scotch "Man, I tbocht thae sort o' things were a' by wi't now-a-days." " Ay, 'but they'ie no," he quickly re turned. " It's the same world now as it .wasjong ago; so, if there was ghosts then, there must be ghosts now." This was a position which I did not for a moment attempt to dispute. " But what kind o' a ghost was it?" " I dinna ken that, though; for it has never been seen." " Never been seen F Then too dae ye ken it's there." "Because it's been heard." "Oh, hoi I see. Man, I like taehear about a' thae sort o' funny things. Tell us hoo it began, and what it s a' aboat." "It began when the Major's young wife dee'd." " Oh, his wife is dead, then ? " I said, almost forgetting myself with the start. "Yes; they didna 'gree very weel, and separated after an awfu' row. She went hame, and dee'd o' a brolien heart, they say." "And her ghost has come back again to haunt the place ?" I said, with a smile. "Exactly. I've heard it mysel,'singin' in an awfu' waefu' voice, but very weak like, as if it cam' frae far ben in the grand." " "What did it sing ? " " Aweel, I can tell ye I didna stop tae hear it. I was owre gled tae use my legs an' get away. I should never have gaen near the place—naebody does—only I thocht it wad be a nice quick cut. I wasna wrang there, either, for I was in my ain hoose afore I kent where I was." "The house appears to be all shut up now P " " Yes. There's naebody in't but an auld witch wi' a hookit nose. I hate the very sicht o' her." " Isn't she afiaid of the ghost ? " I asked with some interest. "No; it doesna seem to bother her. I think she's kind o' deaf. " Of course there's no doubt that the poor lady is really dead ? " I said, soundingly. " Oh, nane. The Major said it himsel'." " I suppose he n§ver comes near the place himself, now ?' " Oh, yes, he does. He conies oot nearly every week." " "What for The question seemed a poser. The old man scratched his head, but the answer did not come. "I canna say, I'm sure. I s'pose it's tae gie the auld harridan the money she lives Oil.'* I was beginning to think differently, but said nothing. "I suppose the old witch 'ill be a pretty good eater ?" I resumed, after a moment's thought. " That's no bad o' you ?" cried the grave digger, looking out of the earth with a Start of admiration. "Hoo did ye guess it? Somebody must have telt ye. Yes, it's a fact—she eats enough for twa." "Is the Major a nice man—I mean, is he liked about the place ?" "Hated like poison. He's a perfect brute." "Then you think he could be cruel or harsh at a pinch ?" " Cruel! If that man got ye in his pooer, the Lord hae mercy on ye! for he wad hae nand. If he's no accoontable for his wife's death, I'm. an idiot!" " Did anybody see the lady go away?" " No, no. She went away in the nicht time, and the next day the Major sent away a' the servants but the aula wife, payin' th£m their lull wages, an' sayin' that, noo tliat the Iadyhadgaenawa'taeherfriends, he" wadna need them. But the funny thing is that some o' her freends dinna seem tae ken either that~ she's deid or awa' frae the place, for I've heard that letters sometimes come even yet addressed tae her." "Ah! indeed? and who gets them ?" " Well, I suppose the auld wife 'ill tak' them in an' gie them tae the Major. But he'll only laugh, at it, for he never holds any intercourse wi' them." I relapsed into silence. The old man still talked away busily about this and other things, but my answers must have been quite vague and meaningless, for I did not hear a word of what he said. Like the anonymous "Lynx-eye," I was now be ginning to believe that a woman was shut up in that gloomy and lonely place. The only question was—who was the woman, and what object could he have in shutting her up ? Had his wife really gone away after the rupture ? It did not seem quite clear to me that she had. There was a sus picioxis mistiness about the whole concern. Then if the ghost or imprisoned woman was his wife, why should he shut her up ? Did he fear her ? Was the woman mad .J Then there were asylums in abundance to which she could have been consigned without trouble. Was she a cast-off mistress? Then why not let her drift away with the stream to obscurity and death ? In a word, why was the woman shut up? What was the object accomplished ? That was just where I was pulled up; andl had little hope of assistance from the old man, I knew, of course, that in a small village the most trifling sayings and doings are known perfectly from one end of the place to the other, almost as soon as they are in existence; but it was evident to me that the suspicions of the people had .never once been directed into the same channel as my own, and I despaired of getting much nearer the truth for the present. Still, it was worth a, trial, and I gradually edged him back to the old topic. "Did you ever hear what the Major's final quarrel with his wife was about ?" I asked, after a few leading questions. <l No, it was never kent richt what it was aboot, except that she had made some dis covery, an' wadna live wi' him ony langer." " A discovery ? what could it be, I won der? Perhaps that he had a town mis tress, or something of that sort." " No, she kent that lang afore ; for he had the impidence tae bring ane o' them oot tae the hoose wi' him one day. She was sent back smert enough the road she came, and there was a row ower it tae; but they didua separate then." "Did you never hear folk talking about the thing, and speculating on what the dis covery could be ?" " Oh ay, Ifoe heard mony a queer story, but they're blethers." " Let's hear one of the (blethers/ " " Well, mind ye, I dinna say they're richt; but there are some that say the Major was manit afore." "Well, there's no harm in that, is there ?— that couldn't cause them to separate, could it ?" " No, if his first wife was deid at the time." " Ha! I've got it now!" I cried, with a jump. " Got what ?" asked the old man, looking up in surprise. " I mean, I understand it now," I said, with some incoherency, noticing the slip I had made, " Ah, but it's only a story, ye ken." " Ahf of course; you said'so before," I vaguely returned; and then he got leave to dig away -without interruption, while I tried to put all the stray pieces of informa tion together into one unbroken chain, with the aid of the fresh clue which I believed I had lighted upon. The title of this paper gives the reader the whole gist of my thinkings and suspi cions ; but I need scarcely say that it took me a considerable time to get at it. And even then I was by no means certain that I had hit the truth—the thing seemed pro bable, that was all. Now, I like probable things, and in variably fasten on them in preference to anything wonderful or supernatural. If the Major was a bigamist, and the know ledge of the fact had come to the ears of his second wife, he had a great deal to hope from keeping her shut up, and every thing—the loss of the fortune he had sinned for, the hootings of the world, the revenge of an insulted woman and her relatives, and the loss of his own liberty and reputa tion.—to fear from letting her go free. I would listen for the ghost that night. But as it was possible I might afterwards wish to enter the house, and I could only do so with the concurrence of the old Irish woman in charge, I thought it would be best to return and report progress, and at the same time secure the assistance of McSweenv. There is akind of freemasonry between tne Irish, and I had before found it quite as serviceable as threats and a search warrant. I looked at my watch. The afternoon was young yet, and in little more than half an-hour I could get a coach back to Edin burgh. I felt disinclined to walk, but as I have a thorough belief in never being a moment idle, I thought the half-hour might be profitably spent in the company of any likely lounger about the coach office. Ac cordingly, after thanking the old man, I bade him " Good day," and shifted my ground. As luck would have it, after booking myself for a place, the first person my eye rested on in looking round was Major Scoular himself. I had watched and no ticed him repeatedly before in town, where he appeared to be the centre of attraction to a wide circle of friends, companions, and hangers-on. But here the whole thing seemed reversed; no one took the slightest notice of him. The commonest person seemed to shun him like a pestilence. He stalked up and down, glaring- fiercely and haughtily on every one and everything, and slashing impatiently at his trousers with the riding-whip he carried—alone in the midst of a chattering, lively crowd. By and-bye, after studying the man's brutalised and debauched countenance, and not being mightily pleased with the prospect, I was attracted to a noisy trio gathered round a newspaper, and arguing warmly as to the meaning of the words "decree absolvitor." One was perfectly right, and the other per fectly wrong; but wishing to see how thev ■would settle, I did not interfere, or offer an opinion. All at once-a harsh, voice be hind ns toolr the "matter up, with the words It means that the man is legally ab solved from all claims." Every one looked up in surprise, for the speaker was Major Scoular; but not one look of intelligence showed that they ap preciated his opinion, or even recognised his presence. A dead silence fell on tlie group; they fidgetted uncomfortably, and stared stupidly, but doggedly, before them. Like a flash it came to me that now was a chance for me. There was nothing about me to indicate that I was not a country bumpkin like the rest, so with as stupid^, look as I could manage to put on at a mo ment's notice, I drawled out enquiringly— " What way can they no say that in the paper ?" "What's the use o' pittin' in these lang-nebbit words that naebody under stands?" " Because it is a Latin phrase which ex presses the idea more tersely," said the Major, evidently relieved at some one taking notice of his remark. " I suppose, sir, you're a lawyer yersel', and understand a'thae things ?" I said with a clumsy bow. '•lam not a lawyer, but I was intended for one, and do know a little about such things; but, I beg your pardon—you were about to speak ?" "There was a funny thing I saw in a paper a while ago—maybe you could tell me what it means ?" I continued, thinking how I could purposely mispronounce the words. "It was something like uxor em incarcero ?" The moment the two words fell on his ear, the Major's face whitened to the lips; his twitching fingers tightened on the riding whip in his hand, and his ferocious eye be came chained in a tigerish glare to my face. No answer came, but I saw that my probe had struck the right spot, and I was now neither to be frightened nor diverted from following up the advantage. " Doesn't it mean something aboot shut tin' up or imprisonirC a wife ?" I said, as simply as possible, but speaking the last three words with a clear, firm emphasis. There was a sudden swish througTi the air, and, before I could interpose a hand, I got the ridingwhip like a red-hot brand across my cheek. I would have been through the air and at his throat like a flash—for in a moment my blood was up, and I had forgotten all but the sudden cut and burning pain—but those at my side, with well-meant kind ness, instantly threw their hands upon me and held me back. "Don't move—he would kill you," whis pered one, as I struggled to throw them off. "Take that, for an insolent knave!" foamed the Major, who also had forgotten himself and made an admission, but was for the present too furious to be aware of the fact; "and think yourself lucky—I have killed a man for less. You will know me better the next time we meet. "And you me!" I retorted, and then he was gone, with a haughty stalk and a look that was meant to petrify all present. He took the inside of the coach, first class, and I took my seat on the roof, where I moodily wiped away the trickling blood from my skinned cheek, and wished that things had only been a few stages further in advance, so that I might have used the handcuffs clicking in my pocket there and then-on the brutal ruffian now riding com | fortably, beneath me. My companions on thejoofj I was glad to firid, did not under , stand the sudden outburst, and strongly advised me to inform the police and bring the Major up for assaultbut I need not say I had quite another plan chalked out in my mil d« Half an hour's reflection in the empty compartment below me seemed to liave convinced the Major that his passionate outburst in such a place and about such a suggestive topic had been dangerously un wise, for when the coach stoppedatPrincess street, he got out hurriedly and picked me out of the crowd. "Pardon me; I was foolish," he said, trying to soften his look of hate into a mollifying expression, as he touched my shoulder and produced his purse. "Take that, and say no more about it," and he held out a sovereign. I looked at him and then at the sove reign, but merely turned away without a word. "Why don't you take it?" he cried, catching my sleeve. "Because I dinna want it." "Look here—don't be a fool. I would rather not have the thing mentioned to the police, so iust say what compensation you would like." "Nane; and if the police dinna ken aboot it already, they'll no hear o't frae me." And with that I left him to gnaw his fingers and stare after me in rage and suspicion. I felt some satisfaction in seeing such a villain cringe; but I don't know that I would have enjoyed it so well had I known what followed, and which I did not learn till next day. The moment I left him, he turned round on the driver of the coach— "Who is that man, John? i Do you know him?" " Yes; he's a detective—Ma name's McGovan. An instantaneous stagger and whitening of the Major's face showed that the intel ligence had gone through him like a shot. "I—I think you must be mistaken ?" he gasped. " No a bit o' me," said the man, with ex quisite enjoyment of the other's agitation and terror. "I've seen him often before. I didna ken him at first, either^ he's dressed, sae funny; but there's his name in black an'white," and he held up the list of booked passengers, in which, by an oversight on my part, my own real name figured conspi cuously. The quick confirmation of his very worst fears for a moment appeared to deprive the passionate scoundrel of his senses. He cursed and swore like a trooper, then rushed into the coach office and asked for a trap tb1 take him back to C instantly, then countermanded the order by saying he would walk, and finally calmed down a little, and engaged a close carriage fot 24 hours, to be ready for him at 12 that night, saying that it was to take him out to C——, and thence to convey himself and a heavy parcel a considerable distance westward. Meanwhile, after making sure that I was not watched or followed, I made my way to the Office, and so stated the facts that X was not only allowed McSweeny's assis tance, but armed ■with a search-warrant as well, though this latter I did not intend to use except as a last resource. At half-past ten that night we started to walk out, and in less than an hour were treading with hushed breath the lonely path leading down to Aspen Villa. Had I been less excited and interested I believe the appearance of the place would have struct me as just the locality for a ghost. The house was chill and solemn, and almost shrouded in trees, and everything about it weedy, tangled, and neglected. There was an iron railing, with a gate and a bell in front; but we did not seek admittance there. "We went further along, pressed through the hedge, got over a low paling* and stood close to the house among the trees. "I don't like this place at all," whispered McSweeny to me, with something like a shiver. "I don't believe there's a livin' sowl in it barrin' the ghosts, an' I think I see heads—queer heads an' no bodies to them—over beyant there among them dark trees." " That's only the big leaves moving in the wind; it's a peculiar kind of a tree." "Very peculiar," he emphatically as sented. "I hope it won't take legs to itself and begin to walk. Ss-s-sh! what's that ?" Something like a long-drawn wail came from the house and rose distinctly on the air. It had a mournful, "eerie" sound, and certainly did appear to come from the depths of the earth below the house, with a wavering, spirit-like sigh. The effect on McSweeny was instantaneous. " Oo-oo-ooh! that's it now, an' we're ■dead men!" he cried, in terror-stricken ac cents, grasping at me for support, with the eyes starting out of his head, and his knees knocking violently together. " Why did I ever come near it at all ?" " Shut up! and don't be a fool. What are you afraid of " The Banshee." "Who's he ?" "Don't you ask to see. Didn't ye hear ' it?" • - " Yes, and 1 hear it again. It's a woman singing—listen."' Very faintly, but with inexpressible sweetness, the sound of a woman's voice rose on the air, singing one of the plaintive songs of Beethoven, and McSweeny became calmer, and even curious, as he listened. " Are ye sure it's not the Banshee ?" he asked, "for divil a word of it, I under stand. It spakes a furrin tongue intirely." " It's German." " Then it's a German ghost ?" " No, it's neither a German nor a ghost— it's an English lady singing a German song. We must try to get in somehow. Go you first and try your hand." "But I can't spake German, and she mightn't think it polite," he returned, evi dently not relishing the task. " You'd better go first, and if anything happens I'll be ready to fight like the divil for ye." " Ay, or to use yoiu' legs at the first sound in the direction of Edinburgh," I said. " No, I'll stand by you; but you must try to 1 multaver,' as you call it, the old woman into an admissionas to the lady being there, and, if possible, discover where .she is con fined. We might hunt for her all night in vain, if the Major is the man I take mm for." This did not seem unreasonable, and he consented at once. - , ) ') t We approached the front door and Tang the bell with a force that roused up every echo in the place. The' singing instantly ceased. - * - No one appeared to stir; so we rung again louder than before. • This was more effectual, for now we did hear a sound; and 1 presently caught sight of a glimpse- of : light through the key-hole, and then heard ; the words— "Is-that you, sir?" 1 nudged McSweeny, who instantly an swered, in his gruffest tones— "Yes; open the door." We heard the old woman pike at the rusty lock with all her might, hut it would not yield. " I can't move it. Why didn't ye come round by the hack?" she growled at last.. " Comin through them long, cowld pas sages 'ill he the death of me." " Why were you singing ?" imperatively demanded McSweeny. "I wasn't." "I heard it." "It must have heen//er," whispered the old woman through the key-hole, in reply. " She does it often when I'm asleep: ye should punish her for it, 'cause people are beginnin' to talk about it." I gripped McSweeny hard by the wrist, and shook all over as the welcome intelli gence fell on my ears. "Go round, sir, an' I'll open the dure," she added, and then the light retreated, We did go round very quickly; the bolts were shot back, and then we burst in on her and handcuffed her in a twinkling. She screamed, of course, but that did not disturb us; we were more interested in an instantaneous echo of the sound from a I lifted up the candle she had dropped, lighted McSweeny's lantern and my own, and then produced from my pocket a little ebony staff, topped with a miniature crown in silver, which I held up before her eyes. "Do you see that ? It is not thieves^but the police you have to deal with. Lead the way to where she is confined." . , Not a word, not a sign, indicated that the old hag had heard me. "Ye'd better, an' save yer own skin," suggested McSweeny, tugging her not very gently to her feet. " Do it, mavoumeen, an' it s meself will say a good word for ye when your trial comes on." The delicate hint, though it brought a scowl to her ugly face, had a magical effect. After a few more words, she led the way downstairs to the kitchen, and thence by a trap in the floor to a damp range of vaults beneath—probably intended originally for coal or lumber cellars. The only closed door in the range she first pointed to, and then unlocked, and McSweeny and I rushed in together. I think I see now the picture that greeted us. A lady with long dishevelled hair, white face, sunken cheeks, and great eyes almost maniacal in their brilliancy, stood facing the door—her-hands clasped tight against her heart, her bosom 'heaving, and her whole form trembling and swaying with eager expectation. One glance at the two lanterns, our strange feces, arid the little staff still in my 'hand, and then with a great scream of joy she sprang forward and sank at my feet, convulsively embracing my knees and even kissing1 my verv feet, with such a burst nf hysterical sobbing as I never before heard or saw. " Speak to me! speak to me!—only let jne hear your voices!" she cried, at last. " I think I am mad!" I could only get out a husky gurgle, but McSweeny cfieerily put in— 8 "Divil a bit, ma am—axing your pardon. -You're not mad at all, an' we're no more "ghosts than you are yourself. We're the police, an' you're as safe now as if your mother's arms were about your neck. " And I am to live—and be free—and see the sunshine, and sky, and glorious earth!" she cried, with such wild fervor that I began to fear her brain was really turned; and then her eyes and clasped hands were raised, "Oh, Heaven! how shall Ishow my gratitude?" At this moment the rumble of carriage wheels in the lane in front struck on my ears, and I turned sharply on the old woman— "What's that?" "I don't know. Nobody comes down here but the Major, and he generally walks." " Go and see; and, if it is he, say a word about us being here at your peril." " Yes, and I'll go along wid ye, to see that no ghost grips ye by the ear," said McSweeny, with a wink. '• If it's him, I can get behind the dure, an' see tbat ye djn't let out a word by mistake and they disappeared together, while I arranged with some difficulty that the lady should allow herself to be locked in and receive the abhorred visitor as if nothing had occurred. I left the key in the door and got into the next cellar; and then the sound of voices told me that the Major was ap proaching, cursing the old woman at every step for her tardiness in opening. He car ried a great horsecloth over his arm, and as he unlocked the door of his captive's cell I was a little curious to know what it was intended for. As I crept forward in the dark passage I touched McSweeny, and we peeped in together. The Major took no notice of his wife—or rather his victim —but coolly spread out the horsecloth and pointed "to it, while he unrolled a ball of stout twine— "Lie down there," he said, in harsh tones. " I am compelled to remove you fromhere; but you must be well covered up, to prevent the night air from injuring your delicate frame. Resist, and I will lnll you. For a short time you are to be a large parcel, and that you may act the character to perfec tion, this is for your mouth," and, with a cruel smile, he held up an ingenious con trivance inthe form of a gag. The poor lady shrank and shrank agrif •ehained or iascmated by4he power of-his eye, «nd from her drooping eyelids I saw that she ' was going to faint, and touched 'McSweeny significantly on the arm. With-* out a word, we dashed in, pinned his arms .to his side, and snapped on his wrists the steel bracelets which had already adorned those of the old woman. The whole' thing was done so cleanly and swiftly that it was •over before he could find voice, but then the oaths, curses, and threats came freely enough. ""Who are you, and what do you want ?" was the first intelligible question I could make out in the stream of horrible words that flowed from his lips. I faced him, and turned the glare of the lanterniull on my own face. "My name is McGovan. I said you would know me the next time we met. You are ariested on two charges—first, bigamy; .second, detaining and confining this lady against her will, to prevent her making known the fact. What other cruelties «nd crimes you are .guilty of will soon ap pear." - ' r Yes, a.11' well trate you an' the owld woman to a ride in your own coach all the way to Edinburgh for nothing," said McSweeny. " You'll go in ours the next time—over to the Calton Gaol." The Major at once relapsed into sullen silence; then we were conveyed bodily to Edinburgh in the vehicle he had brought* where lie was at once locked up: after which I drove with the lady first to a lawyer—whom we roused out of his bed— and then to one of her friends, who was equally surprised and bewildered at the unexpected arrival and disclosure of vil li-ny. the case at the trial caused considerablo stir—as some, who can see through the fictitious names I have used, may tomem* ber; and on the double charge the Major was tried, convicted, and sentenced to ten year's penal servitude. A narration of tbo cruelties he had practised on the poor lady would fill a book. "Who " Lynx-eye" waa I have never properly ascertained; but I have often suspected that it was no other than a scertain lady in the neigliborhoodi who privately took an active interest in tho trial as it proceeded, but could not bo per suaded to appear in Court as a witness though her evidence was important—by either threats or entreaties. As for tbo old woman, her share in the business cost h«r six months' imprisonment. 