TALES SIS SliTOHiS. ESADGAP VIOLET.* BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author o* A Pjuhce£3 or Tuple, Tubed Chameb 2S.— Settiho Out. Mr. Qcorgo Miller arrived in duo courso ; and very handsome tho joung fellow looked aa ho stepped ashore from tbo steamor to shako hands with his friends on tho quay. Violet had been persuaded to accompany tbo others; and she could not help greetiug him with a pleasant smile — indeed, thoro was somothing in this and uen meeting mas rccaiicu oiuer unya. mm great prudence, too, ho fcrboro to oxpreoa any special pleasure in seeing her again. Sho was only ono of tho littlo group of frionds. Ho ad dressed himself almost exclusively to Mrs. War rener, aa thoy proceeded to find their way up to Castlo Bandbox. Nor, on thia firet evening, were any of Violct'o predictions fulfilled. All tho happy old timo had not completely gone. Thoy woro quito as joyous and homely aaevor; and a certain dis eursivo orator had aa largo a skiro of that talk which could only by courtesy be called convcr eation ; that is, nobody olso bat) a ahoro. Mr. Miller laughed and enjoyed Himself with tho rest ; bo did sot embarrass Violet with tho least specialty of attention ; hia wholo interest was apparently absorbod in his chances of gotting a shot or two before starting in tho yacht, and in the proaperta held out by tbo Sca-Pyot of a com fortable voyage. All waa so far well. It waa only by degrees, aad that almost impor coptibly, that hia influence in this small house hold began to tell. He waa a young man of sys tem, of minute observation, of careful, business like provision j and could not understand at all tho happy-go-lnclry carolessnesa which marked moat of Mr. Drummond'a arrangemonts. With him a nino o'clock breakfast meant a nine o'clock breakfasJ ; not a breakfast at tcD, or half- past nino, or a quartor-past eight, aa chance might dictate. For tho first time hia friends perceived that tho pattern of tho wall paper waa rather ludicrous, and that a defect in thJ framework of tho window produced a draught. They wore ashamed to confess thoy could not tell him whether tho local whisky was under or over proof ; indeed, none of them know exactly what proof meant. Thoro waa now no vague- loitering on tho hills for tho con templation of landscapo, nor needless waste of time over luncheon ; tho ground that had to bo ' got over was got over in a proper fashion. Moro ovor, there waa much loea missing now ; tho young man showed himself an excellent shot, and there waa no amount oi fatigao or discomfort which he would indolently shirk if ho believed there waa a chance of getting a single bird. Old Peter had enough of it now ; he waa pretty nearly walked off his legs by this now pupil ; while hia formor pnpil ignomirtiously gave up the chase, lit a pipe, stretched himself on tho heather, where he Could command a view of Morven, Mull and Lismoro, and told his com panions to como back that way for him when thoy choso. Moreover, tho incorrigible carelessness of tho head of the hooso- became- all tho moro apparent, for hia accoutrements now lacked much of Vio let's superintendence. She had been accustomed to com© down early— before any of tho others — to look after hia cartriJgo-bag, hia boots, log gings and what not; but now she never ap peared till breakfast waa announced, and then sho invariably came downstairs with Amy. Thoy EcneraHy found Mr. Miller impationtly pacing np and down in front of the homo, and looking at hia watch ovory third minute. They bad beautiful moonlight nights at thia timo ; and they were accustomed, to go out for a Btroll after dinner, cither up into- the black hills, where tho wan and mystic light was palely shining on the farze and rocks, oi down to tho shore, whoro tho long monotonous rush of tho waves on tho coast alono disturbed tho profound and mysterious silence.' Here, too, thero waa a groat difference. The party waa broken op some how, Violet resolutely' and invariably walked with Amy Warrener, chatting, when they did chat, about schoolgirl themea ; Mra. Warronor generally stayed with them ; Mr. Drurnmond and hia guest led tho way, the latter giving all tho latest information about big-company swindles, stock exchange transactions, tho cooking at tho Judamm'j and so forth, 'Why do you never talk to Mr. Miller, Violet 7' Amy Warrener asked ono night. ' I don't understand politics, and I don't caro about . commercial matters,' replied tho young ?lady, evasively. . ' ' ' 'I don't mean that atall/'her. friend said. 'Why do .'yon scarcely ever address a word to him, evenat dinner?' . . 'Good littlo girla shouJd bo seen and not heard. I sneak whoa I am spoken tOj' waa' tho reply. It wa3 very clear that Violet did riot at all care for tho presence of Mr. Miller in Castle Bandbox. Sho seemed restrained and dispirited. A sort of indefinite apprehension appeared to hang over 'her, which Mrs. Warrener did not fail to notice.- ....'. ' '' Now Mr,, Miller, from tha moment of fcis arrival in tho Highlands, had been most con- sidexate to tho girl, and, whatever ho might judgo to bo her feelings towards him, ho had not sought to intrudo himself, upon her in tho slightest degree. But after all a young man ia but a young man, and ho grew to think that, considering their past and present relations, sho was 'dealing vary harshly with him in so ob viously and systematically avoiding any private conversation with him. Hia difficulty waa to find an opportunity o! speaking with her atone ; and it almost appeared aa if sho recog nised tho fact, and was detcrnuagd to outwit him. At last ho caught fcer. Sho had inconsiderately ventured down to breakfast without her ordin ary companion, under tho impression that Mrs. * Published by special amngciflCBt pitntnc author, All rights reserved, ? Warrenor had preceded bar. When sho opened tho door of tho room, and Baw Mr. Miller thero alono, sho would havo retreated, but it waa too late. ? ' Violet,' said hc,'I want to speak to you for a second.' Sho know what was coming ; oho advanced into tbo room, outwardly calm, but inwardly foil of dread. Sho -was vaguoly awaro that hia faco, was palo. ' Havo I* offonded you ?' 'No.' Sho spoko in so low a voico that ho could hardly hear. 'Why do you avoid mo so? Why won't you speak to mo?' Sho did not answer. ' I am surq I havo not persecuted yon, over einco you scorned to wish to bo loft freo ; haven't I dono ovorytuing you could wish ?' 'Yos, you havo,' sho answered, with a triflo moro emphasio. ? . 'Thonwhydo you treat mo aa if I wero OQ onomy— aa if you wero afraid of mo ?' ? 'Oh, Ihopo I don't do that,' bIio said; but her eyes wero still fixed on tho ground. For a second or two sho stood irresolute, and then sho scorned to summon up her courage to speak frankly. ' And if I am afraid of yon, in howovcr alight a degree,' bIio said, in clear, low tonoa, ' I havo mysolf to blame. I am deeply to blame — I know that. I — 1 wish I had never soon yon, nor you mo; that would havo beon belter for both of us.' v 'No, no, Violet,' ho said, kindly, and bo camo a stop nearer, ' that is what every girl saya— natural timidity, you know— eho doesn't know what ia before her, and ia afraid. For my part, I am very glad wo havo mot, whatever coinoo of it ; and if you would only givo mo a chance, I should soon euro your mind of all that appro* henaion. But how can I do that if you always avoid mo? Don't you think it ia hardly fair? Would you treat any other friend of jouia like that?' ' Oh, if I waa only sure,' sho said with a sort of despairing earnestness, ' that wo wero friend?, and only friends, how glad I should bo to do all you wish. Boliovo that of me, any way. If you would only let mo think that—if yon wero satisfied with that— I should bo co grateful to you. Will you V Sho waa looking at him now; with her ejeo full of entreaty. He, on tho other hand, appeared to bo wholly astounded. ' Violet,' said ho, slowly, 'you havo hinted thia onco or twico before. Do you really mean it ? Bo you wish mo to abandon all hope- of our being anything to each othor ¥' It waa precisely what she did wish, but thero waa a reproach in his tono which aho felt keenly ; and for tho sake of old timea aho could not biing herself to wound him too cruolly. 'No, not altogether,' aho said, quickly, 'Wo need not become strangers; -vo might always remain frionds. If I could only persuado you not to think of anything elso 1' Ho was deeply mortiCod of courso ; ami yet ho could not quito bolioro her. Her liking for him had been declared years ago. Thero waa no obataclo that ho could ego to the marriage. Ho had not oven a rival. At thia moment stops were heard on. tho stairs.' Ho seized her hand for a second, and said, rapidly — ' Don't make thia final, Violot. Thero is somo misunderstanding. You must let mo hope.' Sho did not answer as sho left tho room ; bnt thero was that in her face that rendered him somewhat uneasy. Waa it truo, then, that her aversion from all thought of marriago with liin vza something moro than mcro girlish timidity I Was it truo that aho really wiahod him to abandon all hopo of securing her for hia wife ? Ho pot on his cap, and went out into tbo fresh morning air; ho wished to be alono for a low minutes ; for thero was something about all this that ho could not well understand. Again and again, aa ho walked up and down tho bit o£ gravel, ho tried to acconnt for Violet's chango o£ feeling towards him— or, at least, for her chango of intention ; and ho could soo no reasonable- ox* planatbn. At this moment bo heard lit. Drum* mond inside calling '. Violot ] Violet.' A tvild fancy struck him. . Was it truo that ho had no rival ? Coold it bo poasiblo that tbo girl had let her declared admira tion— her worship, almost— of this middle-aged man run into a more passionate feeling ? Tho racro suspicion sent a flash of firo tingling ? through bia heart; and ho found himself rapidly running ovcraEcriea of incidents, unnoticed at tho tiwq, which now appeared to givo at least plauaibililj to thia random conjecture. In tho most commonplace of natnrcfi tbcio in always enough of imagination to fan tho fires ci jealousy; tho rolations existing between Mr.' Drammond and hia girlish pupil noiv a«sriined a wholly duTeront complexion ; in his imt flush oC anger, and mirpmo, and envy, tho young man was ready to accuso his friond of having inveiglod Sir Acton North's daughter into his house, that ho might marry an hehresa. Bat after all, Mr. Miller 'was a sensible and prudent young fellow. Ho reasoned wilb himself. Was it likely that thia gay-hearted, hanilsoino girl, rejoicing in all tho boundless Lopc3 and activities of youth, should give awaj her life to a moping, dreaming, middle-aged man, v/bo bad just enough money to keep a- moderately decent eoat on bia back ? Sho waa very fond cf him— 33 his nieco waa. She had a profound admiration forhun — aa hia sister had.' Mr. Miller reasoned himself out of his first glow of belief and anger : but lie went in to breakfast in a somcwbr.t sullen and suspicious mood. ? ? Now, indeod, tho omallcst trifles wero magni fied in tho young man'o alarmed imagination.' Ho noticed how aho brought tho nowepapcx - and placed it beside a certain cup. Ho felt sujo that eho : hC'.i been out to bring in tho fresh bell* heather, ferna, marigolds and fuchsias for tho table. When all had sat down to breakfast, ha observed that Mr. Drummond addressed most of his chance remarks to her ; and that uho. invari*. ably looked up with a bright Blanco of gratitudo when ko did so. A sufficiently trifling incident occurred. Mrf Drammond, liko most rather ahy.and scnaitivo folks, had a nervous duliko to being natcbfid t-» furlivo gl.ir.ci'S, especially at uical-timcrt. Ho would iimniteiy havo prcforrcd to go without CmuUird, or butter or anything o£ that sort, ratlior than bo roniiudcd that boiuo oao was con tinually observing bis plate. Nov.', oiu this occa , eion, ho happtmod to look up, and finding bis sister's oyea fixed curiously on him, ho callod out— ; ' On my solomn word o£ honor, Sarah, I am only goiug to oat _ an egg. la, thoro any thing awful iu that !' . . His sister looked shocked and offended, where* npon he continued, in great good hainor— 'I doclaro that thoro is in the world only one human being with whom it ia comfortable* to havo breakfast— who leaves you alono to strugglo with your fish-bones—who novoi turm her eyes upon you oxco'p't when Bho speaks to you : who is it ? Do you all give up ? 'It is Violet, of course, uncle,' eaid Amy Warroner, with a laugh, ' Violet ia always right.'' How surely there was not much in compli znonting a girl for minding her own plate at a breakta-it- tablo; but all tho samo the young man looked upon tho innocont exclamation of Violet's schoolfellow as only confirming some of his gloomiost suspicions. But ho would obser79 still fcoforo speaking or acting. Moanwhilo thoro waa a great bustle convulsing tho ordinaxy quiot of Castlo Bandbox, in the midst of which no ono had time to notice how .Violet troated hor former lovor. Everyone waa preparing Eor tho approaching voyage' in the Sea ryot ; Mr. Drunimond making the wildest sug gestions about potted meats, condensed milk and Jbaskbta of soda-water; Mrs. Warrener making xaoro uober calculations about thonece33ary stores for a week's cruiso ; tho girls anxious about water proofn aud thick shoes; and Mr. George Miller, with groat caro and accuracy of method, getting his Bshing-taoklo into order. They knew thoy were about to play at keeping house, just liko go many childron ; and every one pretOBded to know a vast deal about those very things which, in serious living on land, thoy had treated ?with iaJiflforenco. TheSsa-Pyot, which they could now distinguish lying at her moorings in tho bay, was a yawl of Bomo thirty-two tons register and about fifty tons yacht incasuicmont ; but sbo was an exceedingly roomy and coinfortablo vessol considering her sizo. She, had a fairly, commodious ladies' cabin, a couflo of state-rooms for single gentlemen,' and a spacious Saloon; no. ldss than twelve feet six inches iu beam. For' the rest she wa^' any. thing but a quick sailer with light winds, but sho could stand a thoroughly stiG' breeze with absolute safely/ andtkon she coulcV do her nine or ten knots an hour, She 'was i 'worked by four men and a lucJ; tho, latter o'fticiatjrijf as cook and steward. ' ',' ' ; . : ' ', ' '.? ' '; / ' \ Itwaa universally resolved that, ay Miss Violet ?was the most oxpariepcod voyager of the party, aho should go on board and overhaul the table linen, locker accommodation, bedding, porinanent stores, and tho like, and this commission sho gladly accopted, while stipulating that the othora should accompany hor. It was with the eager excitement of a party of discovery that they entered the gig which had been sent on shore for thorn, and woro pulled out to tho yacht. Tho Bkipper— a handsome good-humored looking man of thirty-five or so, with a sun-tanned face1 and a light yellow beard, who waa an old friend and ally of Mr. Druminond's— received them with much ceromonious dignity at tho gangway, and, in showing them over hia ship, seemed particularly anxious to gratify tho tall young lady, who was continually asking him abrupt and business-like questions. Bho was graciously pleased to express her approval til tho whitonoss of tho decks, the spaciousness of tho saloon, and the painting of the skylights, but she was of opinion that the small state-room noxt tho forecastle ought, to' havo been a pantry, ' and sho gently but firmly remonstrated with Captain Jiin my for not having a swinging-table En the large cabin. 'That is truo, naom,' said the yellow-beardod flkippor, with just a trace of Highland accent, .' I hof often said that to Mr. Sinclair, audit will not cost £5the' more.' 'Come, Violet, it isn't fair to look a gift horso in tho mouth. You ought to bo sufficiently gratoEul to Mr. Sinclair,' eaid Mr. Drummond. 'Sol am,' 8ho said, doubtHilly, 'but sup pose aho is lying well over from the wind, how are wo to got anything to eat and drink?' 'Hold on to yoor glass, and mako the plates uleady each othor.'^ 'Then supposing' wo are beating up to wind ward, every timo she is put about everything will go flying across to the obher aide.' ' Woll, tho people on the other aids can catch thoni ?' ????.....* 'In their lap!' 'Why not?' ..? ? , : Howevor, tuoro were ho great 'fears on that acoto, aud the party 'returned home only regret ting that a night miiat intervene before starting. A. great joy of expectation, indeed, prevailed through Castlo Bandbox that evening, for tho talk was all of .tho wonderful places thoy would boo, and of the wonderful adventures they would ? moot, and no one had any suspicion that they woro takinga Jonah on board. Giumer XXI;—' Rain, Wind, akd Speed.' Fiorco and glad was tho weather in which the Sea- Pyot spread out her great white wings' and prepared for northward flight. From over the tumbling Atlantic qamo varying -'guat3 and squalls; tho main-boom swung this way and that, and the loud flapping of tho Bails drowned the clanking of tho windlass ; rushing by wont the hugo groen waves to tho shore ; and the hurryipg clouds as they' cam© sweeping over from the Bca— causing the islands to disappear and reap pair, and disappoar 'again— sent 6uddeh showers across the vessel's deokfi and made' the voyagers tighten up still further tho necks of their water proofs Abovoaud below the same confusion and Lustlo prevailed; nobody know whether tho fresh' butt6r'had been called for anil brought aboard ; excited questions were asked about tho joint hung, at tho stern; and the voice of ono tall person wa3 heard declaring ia most solemn Ian guago that he would blow' up the powder maga tines, -lo3troy tho balkheads, and lash tho taff . rail toHuo'top-gallant-riiaat if sbmobody. did nut help him to stow away tho bottled beer. Then: thore was, a sudden cessation of' noise ovorhead.y Gradually tho ealooa JLiltod over, and Ihore was a muffled Gound as of ru3bjng wator outside.'1 Whon tho person who had been stowing away the1 beer put hi3 hoad, which wa3 adornod by a huge sou'-westor, up tho companion-way, and looked;, around, behold ! tho Soa-Pyotwas running gal-' ?Iantly out to sea, tho tack of hor mainsail still haulod up, and Captain Jimmy, with tho rain running down his ruddy faco, observing to a' young lady who stood beside him that ho could* not as yet relinquish to hor the tiller, ,.' 'Tuia is a nico sort of day to start in,' ob served a yenng, man who was gloomily trying to keep the rain from getting inside the nock of his waterproof. ' . 'What bettor could you wish for?' shoan awored, with a bright laugh. ' How fast is sbo going, Captain Jimmy i' The skipper glanced at tho water running by. ' About echt knots, I think; but we'll got a bit : more wind by-and-by, when we got round Lis more.' ' Couldn't you let us have the topsail up ?' she asked, throwing a critical glance upward. ' A shrewd, cautious smile appoared on Captain Jimmy's faco. . ? {: ' She 11 go ferry well without tho topsail in a! little while ; and it iss bettor not to bo too eager;! You will get plenty of sailing when we will be going up the Sound.' And indeed there, was a good deal of sailing whon once thoy got round the lighthouse of Lis more, and wore beating up the Sound of Mull. A heavy sea was rolling down the Sound ; the wind freshened further until it dipped' the bulwarks of the Sea-Pyot in the rushing waves; and the voyagers, sitting on deck-stools up to windward, had to hold on by such objects as wore handy to provent their suddenly rolling down the slippery' decks. Where wero the mighty mountains of Mull and of Morvcn that they had gazed at from afar on many a still summer morning? The voyagoro wero close to them— running up the channel that divides. them, in fact — but all that could be seen wore but dim and vague shadows behind tho cold grey curtains of tho mist. Water and sky seemed one ; the gusts' of wind were also gusts of rain ; the sea swallows that flashed about, dipping, darting, and. uttering shrill cries, seemed but as ghosts in the aqueous vapor. And yet the voyagers appeared so little disconcerted by tho weather thoy wore encoun tering that their mirth grow wilder as the wind blow more fiercely, and the. seas that camo .thundering on tho bows of the yacht, and sending showers of spray right over the crouching figures, : were only met by . derisive shouts of laughter. Only ono of theso figures remained silent, and sullen. Mr. George Miller did not seem to enter much into the sport. It was tho private, notion of at least one of his companions that the plunging of the Sea Pyot among tho waves was rendering the young man uncomfortable ; but such was not the fact. Neither the motion of the vessel, nor the fierce rain, nor tho numbing position in which he was compelled to sit, was responsible for tho gloomy preoccupation of Violet's suitor. Ho had, indeed, other things to think about. Yet surely, on board a yacht, in such weathor, there could be little to increase his auspicions. It is true that both Mr, Drummond and Violet were obviously enjoying themselves. ; that generally Mr. Drummond addressed to her his profound impessions .of life on board the Sea-*. Pyot ; and that, indeed, both of them seemed bent on amusing themselves just as if th'ey were a couple of children.' And then, when Violet went below, to seo that the lad Duncan was prop erly lay iBg the cloth for luncheon, and to assist him in ferreting out the socrot3 of the lockers,' no one volunteered to help hor but Mr. Drum mond, simply because he had stowed most of the things away, and that in a fashion which no ono elso could understand. 