THE NEW SHEEP DISEASE IS VICTORIA. I From the Observer. J We have from time to time laid before our readers accounts of the havoc recently made among the flocks in certain districts nf Virtnria bv thft nrevalence of a peculiar disease, the accurate diagnosis of which has proved a puzzle to veterinary surgeons. Some of the authorities have maintained that the disease is nothing more nor less than the liver-rot so well known at lome; while others have very strongly upl eld the idea that the -complaint is a new one. The summary by the Chief Inspector of Stock in Vic toria, of an elaborate report by Messrs. Vincent and McGwire, the veterinary authorities who were appointed by the Victorian Government to enquire into the matter is on the whole reassuring, and is evidently .the result of much painstaking study, although in some parti culars it is not altogether satisfactory. The investigation was ordered to a great extent on account of the action of the Government of New South Wales, who had, on the statement of a veterinary surgeon that the disease was anthrax, placed a strict quarantine on all sheep crossing the Border from Vic toria. Great inconvenience naturally resulted, and stockowners will doubtless be much gratified with the opinion given in the recently-issued report — that the disease is not anthrax, but leukcemia. In other words, it is a non- contagious species of fever which, originating in the blood, attacks the whole assimilating system, and thence spreads through all the softer tissues, including the heart, lungs, muscles, bowels, kidneys, liver, and spleen. Although their diagnosis thus far is satisfactory a considerable diihculty is involved in it, for leukcemia is a secondary and not a primary malady ; and as to what the ex citing cause of the present stage of the disorder was the report is a little uncer tain. It is true that Messrs. Vincent and McGwire give it as their opinion that the malady is traceable to the ingestion of food containing a deficiency of potassium. To prove this point the veterinarians have apparently relied entirely on the fact that an analysis of the blood of the diseased animals invariably showed that the quan tity of potassium was abnormally small. They do not appear to have made any attempt to prove by a chemical examina tion of the food whether the deficiency of potassium in the blood of the animals was really traceable to that source. That such is the case is high'y probable ; still it seems to us that, in so serious a matter, the point ought if possible to have been absolutely settled. The disease unhappily not only affects the blood, but, as we have said, even the muscle3 and skin of the animaL The whole system in fact seems to become completely disorganized. As regards the non-infectious character of the disease, the report is very decided. Had this not been so, it is pointed out, the disease would have been much more widespread and would not have died out so rapidly as it has done. With respect to the causes of tha disease, the opinion seems to be that it has originated to a very great extent in overstocking. The authors of the report emphatically Btate their opinion tH&i; if the stock kept on ron8 were reduced by twenty per cent. the disease would be absolutely unheard of. Overstocking causes the springing up in the pasture* of imperfectly-nourished herbage — that is, grasses that have not drawn from the soil the due amount ot inorganic material. Such grasses are, says the report, deficient in potassium, and hence sheep fed upon them suffer in the way ve have indicated. The following is the mode of treatment suggested by Messrs. Vincent and McGwire for infected -flocks. They say — ' The treatment indicated is of an essential y preventive nature, and should consist in remov ing affected animals to saltbosh country if possible. Where this is impracticable they ihoold be placed on short, iresh, succulent herbage, and in addition be supplied with those inorganic constituents of which their systems art. deficient. Tha chloride of potassium, -sulphur, and iron are the medicaments moat urgently required; and though common salt with sujphate of iron alone is undoubtedly serviceable in many sheep disease?, ic cannot here supply the missing element, viz., potassium. To obtain the crude pearlash (carbonate of potass) we eui-gest that stookowners should collect wood a.-£es, but more especially those derived from tbe leaves and shoots of trees. Having dote so, it remains to lixiviate them with water, then boil, and having strained off the hot lye, evaporate it down to a syrup, which will be found to contain a large amount of potassium corbonate, and which may be con verted into a chloride by the prior addition of muriatic acid. The syrup, if so prepared, and sufficiently thick, will solidify on cooling into a hard lunip, which can be broken up and given in combination with Eulphata of iron, and, as a vehicle, common salt ; but to such as are willing to give the remedy a fair trial we would recom mend the sheep lick as prepared by M.\ Sullivan, a Melbourne manufacturing chemist, which, as we understand, contains no soda salts, but okly potass, sulphur, and iron in a soluble form, and in the proper propor tions. Lastly, we would strongly advocate as measures of the greatest hygienic importance, and as ultimately rendering all medical ad ministrations unnecessary, both as regards Sake, other entczoa, aud typhoid leuktemia, the under-draining, where practicable, of the wet pasture lands, and also the removal or burning of all debris in the shapo of dead timber, scrub, and rack herbage. The treat ment recommended consists in the administra tion of iron, sulphur, and potass as prepared by Mr. Sullivan, or in the admixture of chloride of potassium, obtained as above directed, with sul phate of iron and common salt as a vehicle ; but tae latter method is at best but a poor apjlogy for the properly-medicated lick.' While agreeing with many of these sug gestions, we are inclined to think that drainage would not in all cases prove so effective as they suppose. We believe in many instances it would be found that the pastures have become so thoroughly diseased, that notliing except a complete breaking-up of the ground and subsequent cropping could possibly restore them to a healthy condition. We are also inclined to think with Mr. Curr, the Chief Inspector of Stock, that too much stress is laid upon medicine as a means of restoring the diseased animals. No doubt such a plan would prove effica cious for a time. It would fail, however, to strike at the real root of the evil, and would simply be providing by artificial means what it ought to be the object oi owners to give their stock by natural means, namely, proper food. So long as runs are overstocked so long will disease exist among our flocks. If overstocking is discontinued leukcemia and other cognate diseases will in all probability be stamped out. ? The Eastek-~ Questiox. — The tele gram which we publish in another column conveys an item of intelligence which, if true, is likely to produce some discord in the proceedings of the Conference at Constantinople. It is said that a despatch has been received from the Vilayet or Government of the Danubian Provinces, stating that Russian agents are inciting the Bulgarians to send a deputation to Constantinople to ask for the occupa tion of the Provinces by the Russians. It is of course quite possible that these agents may be acting without any autho rity from the Czar, and that they are merely the emissaries of the GreekChurch. In any case, however, their action will awaken fresh jealousy of the move ments of Russia, and will be looked upon as an attempt to take the settlement of the question out of the hands of the Conference. We should hope that the proposal to send a deputation to the Cenference will not, be carried into effect If it should be, it is almost sure to lead to fresh complications. Dahagkg Land Belonging to the Cou-Cil ok Educatioh. — At the usual weekly meeting of this Ccuncil on Monday, December 18, Mr. Glyde stated that persons ia tho neigh bourhood of Port Pirie were in the habit of depasturing stock on tha Council's .Reserve there, and that they had even begun to cut dowa the timber. The President (Mr. Hartley, B.A.. B.Sc) promised to send a surveyor uo so Port Pirie without delay. Popil Teachers' Examinations.— An exami nation of candidates for certificates as teachers under the Council of Education was begun at the Model Schools, Adelaide, on Monday, De cember 18, and 13 to be continued during the present week. The officers conducting tho exa minations, under the President 3f the C ropcil, are Inspectors Hoskins* and Bureau. Absut 40 candidates, male and female, were in attendance on the opening iay. The Council of Education and the TeacHEBS. — At their meeting on Monday, December 18, the Council cf Education resolved not to receive communications fron branches of the Public Teachers' As^osiation osoptiag through the Central Committee. Tho Kdpan-ia Branch had forwarded two resolutions p.w-ed by them ia reference-. to text books and examination papers. The Smith Memorial. — Wo havo rosslvod from Messrs. Cullen & Wig!ey a printsd copy of the memorial to His Excellency in favour of Mr. W. V. Smith. Wallaroo Hcshtal.— We are infortn9.1 thit Dr. Hamilton has been appointed Moiicil Superintendent of the Wallaroo Casualty Hoioital in the room of the late Dr. Sholi. KO0NTA MlNR— Tha Directors of this Mitring Company have declared their 5oth dividend, the amount bcInzlOi. par shara payable oa and after December 29. The Murray Trade.— The railway authori ties (says the Ballarai Courier) have refused to receive any mora consignments for the present at the Western Station for conveyance to Echuca, owing, it h alleged, to the difficulty of clearing off the large quantity of good3 j7hieh now lies at that port on tha Murray. This 13 a serious matter to somo Ba'.larat firms engaged in ssii'iiEg chaff and pressed hiy into Naw Sauth Wales, and has caused one of the:n aioaa to dis charge no less than 50 hand?. Thb P. & O. Gohfabt's 8sbvice.— A late Argus *ays-.— ' An application was made to the Pofctmaeter-Qeneral by the Hon. E. Ward, Minister of Agriculture for Bouth Australia, during bia visit here, relative to an alteration or thecaiting-place for mail steamers. At present the steamers land the mails at Glenelg, but the weather there is frequently Btormy, and it is deeired that the eteanieni bhould be allowed to call at a place more sheltered a littlo nearer Adelaide. The matter has not yet been settled.' We presume the more sheltered place referred to is the Semaphore. School fob Wallahoo 8at.— The Council of Education on Monday, December 18, accepted the tender cf T. K. Heatn, of Wallaroo, to build a schoolhouse to aocommedate 400 children, and a teacher's residence, at Wallaroo Bxy, for £3,849. Abt Exhibition.— An exhibition of works of art, including oil and water-ooJour paintings, &c;, by colonial and other artiste, will be opened this morning in the refreshment- room of the Town Sal], under tbe patronage of the Governor and Lady Musgrave. Glsxelg Yacht Club.— A meeting of the members of this Club has bean convened for to day at the office of Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co., to appoint officers, elect new members, arrange for a regatta, &c; The Entkbtainmest at Hahdwicke House. —With reisrence to our report of the above entertainment, Mr. W. B. Chinner writes: — ' Mr. LyonB is noc the music master, but the singing master; while the piano pupils aid those who study harmony and counterpoint are under my tuition.' INQUSST.— An inquest was held by the City Coroner on Monday, December 18, on the body of the unfortunate young man, Wm. Fitt gerald, who was drowsed in the Port Creetc on Sunday morning. Tbe Jury found 'That de ceased was accidentally drowsed whilst bathing in the Port Creek.' The Bellbecgers.— The Lynch Family of Bellnpeers performed at the Institute, Yacka, on Friday, December 15, and attracted a large audience. ESTERTA1NMEKT IN STOW CHURCH LbCTURE HaLL. — An entertainment under tke auspicea of the Adelaide Young Men's Society was given in Stow Church Lecture Hall on Monday overling, December 18, under the title of 'ChrisimaB Customs and Carols.' There was a very large attendant e, acd the Rev. W. Koby Fletcher, M A. , presided. The choir, which numbered about 18 persons, was under the conductorship of Mr. Jas. Shakespeare, who officiated at the har monium, Mr. T. H. Jones preuding at the piano. The entertainment, whicn consisted of carols sung by the choir, together with appro priate readings by Mr. Fletcher, elicited hearty applause from the audience. The carol*, ail of which were well knowD, were very well sung, especially the solo from the ' Musciab,' 11 hejoico greatly, 0 daughter of Zion,' by Mrs. Harris. The most noticeable of the other songs were 'Christmas Day' and ''From far away.' Judging from the applause wita which the various pieces were received, a thoroughly enjoy able evening was spent. At the close of the entertainment votes of thanks were passed to the choristers and the Rev. W. Roby J*'«etiher. The entertainment closed wi:h the Nitiona'. Anthem. Thb Fakir of Oolu.— On Monday evening, December 18, Dr. SrK ester presented his f ourtn change of programme. The attendance was below the aversgo, but the singing and acting of Mr. and Mrs. T. Emps-on, the impersonations of Mus Daisy Silvester, the doling of Madame Silvester, and the amusing utterances of the educated lion 'Leo' were well received. A new ghost sensation entitled 'Caristmas Bells' was produced, which, though rather im probable a? to plot, served to introduce among ethers spectres of the The Demon Avarice, Father Christmas, a good angel, and a couple of death scenes. The shadow effects were well managed, and the whole affair may emphatically be said to be a most successful one. The pro gramme concluded with the fairy fountain, whose ever-changing hues is a source of gratifi cation to all spectators. The fountain was play ing in the early part of the evening, and had the effect of considerably lowering the tempera ture of the theatre. Fjre at Dry Creek.— About 12 o'clock on Thursday morning, Deoember 15, a destructive fire broke out at Dry Creek on tbe property of Mr. John Jones, a limeburner in that neigh bourhood. It ib said that some dry grass, max a haystack, by Borne means caught tire, and although the alarm was immediately given and assistance promptly rendered, all endeavours at arresting the progress of the fire were futile, and in a very short time the dames had reached the stack, said to contain £100 worth of hay, and before long had gained complete mastery over the inflammable material. The hay wa3 not the only loss sustained, for a lot of new timber lying close to the staok was consumed in the general conflagration, besides a chaff -cutting machine being injured. It is unknown how the fire originated. Fire at Daveyston.— A fire occurred at Daveyston on Friday, December 15, in a shed belonging to Mr. Christian Finck. and but for the united and prompt efforts of the residents it would have assumed gigantic proportions and disastrous consequences, being near the large haystack of Mr. Dienhoff and the growing wheat crops of Messrs. Finck, Wehr, Dienhoff, and others. The shed, about two acres of vines, and a goat were burnt, the flames spreading with such rapidity that it was impossible to rescue the poor animal. Mr. Farrell, of the Mounted Police, Tanunda, attended shortly after, and on Saturday a private investigation into the cause of the fire was held before Mr. Roberts, J.P., of Walton. After carefully enquiring into the matter he deemed it unneces sary to hold an inquest. Soiree.— The closing soiree for the present season of tbe Literary Club took place in tbe Flinders-street Baptist Lecture Hall on Monday evening, December 18. The attendance was large, and the Bev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.8., the President of the Club, occupied the chair. The programme combined songs, recitations, readings, pianoforte duets, glees, &c;, and was gone thr«u2h in an admirable manner by all who took part in it. The proceedings opened wi:h a pianoforte duet from JRosuni's opera ot 'Sami- ramide' by the Misses Wheewall and Marshall, and notable amongst the other pieces wiiicii followed were a sacred selection, 'David foresaw,' by Mr. Pluccmer, and selections from Longfellow's 'Courtship of Miles Standiih,' read by Mr. Cornelius Proud. Sheridan Knowles's scene, entitled ' Love,' wa3 also per formed in a prai39worthy manner by Messrs. C. A. Howard and F. C. Bosher, who repraseated the characters, ' The Duke,' and 'Huon' (hi3 slave) respectively. In the second part Mr. Charlton .was recalled for a humorous re:iti tion, as was also Mts Ererets for singing 'Good night, sweet mother.' Mr. A. H. Neale recited Pofc'd 'Baven' very cleverly and with almost perfect enunciation, and he was loudly ap plauded for his effort Another scene, entitled 'The Heir-at-law,' the parts of which were taken by Messrs. Dacness, Bosher, and Howard, brought a couple of hours' entartainmant to a very pleasant clcse. Firb at Unley.— The peaceful residents of Ualey were alarmed on Monday morning, December 18, by a fire, which began in a shed and threatened to consume a house and spread through the township. Some workmen em ployed in building a house for Mr. Broad in West-street about 11 o'clock observed names issuing from a wooden shed in Mr. James Rcgers's garden, on the south side of Mary street. They immediately hastened with buckets of water, which was throvrn on, and neighbours in large numbers collected and assisted them. The wind was blowing to the westward, and saved Mr. Fail field's stable, which was imme diately in the rear. Tho garden fonce and hadge were burnt, and tha grass in front of Mr. Cte-Isid's fence was also consumed. The shingles of the roof of Mr. Bogers's house caught alight, but fortunately the hose had been affixed by Mr. Bonn6y,andwasplayedsuc2essfully,and8avedthe dwelling-house. The fiaciea continued until 1 o'clock, when the shed was totally destroyed. The Bhed contained poultry, which were barnt alive. The house u owned by Air. Chance, and was insured. Much praise 13 dua to the work men already mendoned, one of whom .received a ca^ty cut iu the head from a piece of the tUlrii faring upon hiu. Xo oae so9Ei9d ablj to svggcst the origin of tho ure, although the pra ic:ses ia question appoared safe liva minute before tho flames vrero noticed. ? Mortality ok Adelaide.— The Aiutrolosia* In commenting upon a rtcent article published by us Eajs: — 'Tne South Australian Register draws attention to the important fact that tbe d.ath-rate in Adelaide during 1375 was more than 40 per cent, greater than in the remainder of the colony. It is evident that where bo great a dibproportion as this exists between the deatti rate in a city and that in the country district! there is something seriously wrong whioh could acd Bhould be remedied. There ia nothing in the local situation or ciim&te; to account for the cifference. And although people often suppose the contrary, there is nothing inevitably asso ciated with tbe congregation of a large Dumber of people on a tmall area of ground that u un favourable to health or longevity. Of course many new conditiots are eilled into exutecce. It becomes necessary to attend more closely to ventilation and drainage and to guard more carefully against contagion. But when all proper precautions are taken tnere is nothing specially injurious in town life as compared witn country life. Indeed, it may be said that in towns, as people are usually more copiously Eupplied with water, and ot a batter quality than much that ia used in scattered mining districts or bush settle ments in a very arid country, and a) medical attendance is more readily procurable when required, towns should, as they are sometimes found to do, poetess an advantage instead of exhibiting an inferiority when compared wita the rural districts. Yet here we see in the capital of an important colony 40 deaths In toe hundred arising from purely preventive causes, and no measures taken or proposed to remedy so shamefully discreditable a oondition of attdiTd. That in the face of this disproportion in the death-rate the Mayor of tha city ia his annual report deserioes tne city as being in a ' very healthy condition' will not surprise any one who knows the wonderful mastery of the arc of leaving their most essential work undone, an i even un thought of, which seems to came to all Corpora tions as though by instinct.' ,. StBlCULTDRE.— We have been shown by M% S. V. Pizey a quantity of very fine oocoons from his own place at Tnird Creek, near Morialta. They are quite up to if not above the average 6lze, and the silk is of excellent quality. The grain from which tbe silkworms were raised is- a part of that selected from grain supplied by Mrs. Wurm and distributed by the Chamber of Manufactures. Mrs. Pizey, wnoundertakes tha management of the msgnanarie, follows the ordinary system— viz., that ot placing sprig* in a framework of wood for the worms aoout to spin, and sa far as experience shows the plan is a good one where the space devoted to silkworm education is limited. The worms are the Black Milan varieties, and the fact that they produce both buff and white silk goes to support Mr. Thorup's theory that there is no real difference in the produce of the two species. Mr. Pizay'a silkworms this season have been fed upon the white and Japanese mulberry leaves, and have thriven well, there having been little or no mortality amongst them. The leaves were obtained from the Magill Orphanage plantation, and were picked by children employed for the purpose. Tee Port Pirie Railway Btation.— Our correspondent says:— 'The people are still made to walk from the Railway Station to the town, although it was clearly understood that the Ccmaissiocer of Public Works had given instructions that the engine should not have the carriage uncoup'ed before delivering the mails. It is certainly absurd to see people after coming 32 rciles by train having to walk three- quarters of a mile and the engine going steadily alongside with nothieg'but H.M. mails on board.' Stolen Death at Port Pirib.— On Friday, December 15, a mau named John Partridge, a late arrival by the Hesperiies, died very sud denly at Port Pino. He was to all appearance well and hearty in the morning, and was called J to dinner when that meal was ready; but owing to the heat it was not thought strange he did i not come. Some time after, on going into his room, he was found sitting up in the bed quite j dead. An inquest was held, and a verdict re turned that he died from natural causes. Dr. lIcGowan, of Gladstone, who was in attendance, j did not consider a post-mortem examination nece:« I sary, the appearance of the body clearly indi i eating heart disease to be the cause of death. I He leaves a wife and two children at Port Ade laide. Vehicle Accident at Two Wells. — On Saturday, the 16th inst., an accident happened in the Township of Two Wells, which fortu 1 nately did not result more seriously. As the : mail coaoh was passing the Council-Chamber a horse attached to a dray belonging to Mr. ' Impey, and driven by a man named Hazlewood, j was backed furiously into the coaoh, and in spite of the activity displayed by Mr. Opie (the driver of the coach) a Jearful shake ensued. I One of the occupants of the dray, a little boy, ! was] thrown out and very much bruised. Mr. ' Opie immediately drew r6ins to ascertain whether or not any strioos misohief had been done. Dr. Doenau being at the Council Chamber at the time of the accident the little suffered was examined and cared for by him. The Philadelphia Exhibition.— The Argus eayB : — ' A communication has been received by the Chief Secretary of Victoria from Mr. R. C. Levey, Secretary to the Victorian Commission at the Philadelphia Exhibition. Be mentions that it was expected that the Exhibion would close on Novemoer 10. The judgment obtained by the Commissioners against the owners of the Skerryvore had not been satisfied, and the pro spects of the amount being recovered were vague and unsatisfactory. Objects to the value of £500 have been presented by the Commissioners to the* Agent-General, as agent for the Govern ment of Victoria, but they expect him to pay 1 the cost of packing and transmission. Mr. Levey uentiocs that tbe Ocean Gem has sailed from Montreal for Melbourne and Sydney with a cargo of Canadian products and manufactures.' Supreme Court.— The Chief Justice and a Jnry were occupied on Monday, December 18, «ith tbe case of Spargo v. the District Council cf Willunga— an action for diverting the course of a creek, and thereby injuring the plaintiff's land. The plaintiff's case only had been got through when the Court adjourned shortly before half-past 4 o'clock till this morning at 10 o'clock. The Primary Judge will sit ia Equity to-day at 10.30 a.m. The Way to Make Fruit-boxes.— Specimens cf various kinds of fruit-boxes and packages in use in the United States of America have been forwarded to Victoria from San Francisco by Bis Honor Sir Redmond Barry, and the Argus publishes the folio wing description of them: — 'The smaller boxes are designed toholdeachone pound weight of strawberries or raspberries, so that the fruit can bo carried to market without being damaged. The wood they are made of i3 pine, sawn down tt» the thickness of l-24th of an inch, and there are larger boxes, or cratss, meant to hold 16 of the small ones whilst they are being carried to market The selection also comprises stronger bozos for holding 4 lbs., 6 lbs., and 8 lbs. weight each of similar fruit, as well as round drums for cherries or figs, and oases for holding 30 lbs. weight each of prapas. The boxes are well worthy the attention of our fruit growers, many of whom, especially those at good distances from Melbourne, have bean Imvy sufferers through the difficulty of bringing such fruits &9 strawberries and raspberries to market - in a saleable condition, owing to their being crushed by their own weight and the jolting of conveyances. The ought also to be seen by bandbox makers and sawmill proprietors, as the smaller boxes are evidently made from wood such as is often wasted in those trades.' Kid Glove Material.— Galignani states that recently several lads were seen to enter the main sewer on the left bank of the Seine at Paris by ore of the barred outlets to the river. A police lr an, curious to know what they were about to do, followed them, and found them seated by the edge of the turbid current fishing for rats with a strong line and hook, the latter baited with a morssl of bacon partially fried. When taken to the Commissary of Police they ex plained that they Bold the sEin3 of wat3r rats at 20c. to 30c. each, according to slza, for manu facturing into ' kid' gloves for ladies. Rifle Contest Between Ladies. — The Cheshire County ^\T«r* of a late date states that ' A riiie contest of a somewhat novel charastar tcck place at the butts of the 8fch Warwickshire iiide Volunteer?, at Nuneaton, where a nuoibar of ladies, among whom were represensativas from boieo of the leading families of the neighbourhood, conipEtsd for ptizja. Th9 con test wa3 witnessed with considerable interest by those assembled, same of tea fair campatitora osl I Ufog no litt.'o amiutt of skill aacl Joxleriiy in the use of tha rifle.' 