TBIPOJSTSIW r irirn wnicn is INCORPORATED I Well's fife in Wictaxm ? J 4SSWSBS TO CORRESPONDENTS. TU IF. lid wd O^ tbe 'secretary of the club or the Meetmtf. £"» .Qdl infornl ua ? o*"61801,,1 W-wnnot gratify your dwlre, but «£. Md Robin H"od we much bl*ger than feS-f,bM ?w"" thick Oiftt .»? «»M«1 «. «. *»* withers. ^ Rawlfnion'S OoronMlon won th« W»«>ato "na ^ babits, absence of eod?UDg^n Hke traits famish rich material wind, and traiw » f ^ eccen. for tb.e {^me cnmea, and indiscriminating tricI- iB«BTdeclM«the life forfeited because Eiffwffiff of hidden faculties, uucou ?reliable, because disorganised. «ir +ViAn in dftnseronfl. inord so tili&n; f171, !? which kUls the drunkard; for t,!f M^LoIvm a teste and a habit which tbe vltfntMide the former is the creature 0t ne««« *... nhvsiological effects, raised. And the Jmowieageoi me "»««». in Bome instance, prevent the existence ot ^During the early stages of dementia in duced by mental anxiety, tejta us in his " Diseases of Modern Life, there ie jiofcbing more than Bn increased teneion of the minute vessels which sapply thfffi. In later stages, the substance of the nerrouB tissue itself undergoes amodifi Stion I? which its activity to permanently lost These are the physiological conse ImAnnes. most briefly summed up. The first Symptom is a want of full bodily vigour; then fnltows craving for mora work, disturbed SSTlcS seMitiveness to external impres rioDB and, finally, strange figures Mid sounds ft® seen and heard. This condition may MS to J«W j®l th. rijK «J faeein to accept abnormal creations as natural. Dr. Richardson cites a case of a merchant, who for a week retained in his virion the spectra of three lights, oval w shape, of the size of an egg, and so clearly defined to the observer that he would watch them half-conBciously as they floated before him on the wall, the ceiling, or m space. In this stage of the disease lies the foundation of all hypotheses of ghost-seeing, of ecstatic viBions, and even of poetic frenzy. A. curious instance, directly in point which came to our notice very recently, is that of a veil-known writer on the pren who, for some time past, has devoted attention to the subject of morbid menial condi tions. This gentleman, in a letter to a fljtiiy journal, states himself to be the victim of the horrible spectacle of two men hanging from a gallows-a sight which he onoe beheld while acting as a city reporter. The BUS Ended corpses are dearly brought before m by the sound of xatn (the execution occurred during a rainstorm), and also by the sound of laughter, since, through some un controllable impulse, during the banging, he was induced to utter mi untimely peal of merriment. That the writer's brain Is In jured, possibly by the excessive mental strain peculiar to his profession, seems pro bable ; and the lesion is manifested, as already described, by the constant recur rence of the apparition. It is a well-known Tact that we have two natures-one purely organic and emotional, the other subject to toe reasoning powers. The organic nervous chain exists in the bod] as a link between emotional mental acts filjj vascular out, upon i . ... so that these centres, excited by anxiety, or grief, or joy, or sorrow, influence the waves of blood pawns through the system, and the brain promptly feela the imperfect regulation of the supply. Under varying tensions of the vessels there are flashes, chills, coldness of the extremities, and other oppressive symp toms, while in addition appear the distress ing ringing or hammering sounds In the head. These sounds are arterial murmurs, vibra tions of the blood which press with saeh im pulse of the heart on the bony surroundings of the relaxed carotid cans], situated at the base of the skull. The canal is In direct oon nexion, by solid conducting subetanoe, with the organs of hearing, ana thus the faintest vibration is detected. The sound produced, when it is sadden and unexpected, as in moments of fear, is occasionally mistaken lor a sound proceeding from without with no obvious cause. Thus, the sufferer is likely to see visions ana hear strange noises, impalpable so to 5e6k' k?,t M purely physical as the most common things in life, in some t»mt%n<yMi they are actual perceptions of real facts or objects, caught by an extremely snsoeptible and delicate nervous surface. In others they ktoMlficd recognition of movements within the body; but in the vast majority of mBtanoes they are actual impressions made at some time on the organism, and now re eled and rendered more definite by con »tant recurrence. .i£! P0^, If the mental powers be .{lowed teat, and the fountains of oars be °°very t may take plaoe; but if the tbe disease assnmes 2nD" There is a maddening coupled with the J? iu 4 fc£e Pbyslcalpowers are mow 'ni® 01,11 ,aro laws of me 5**° of business foroeta im fe irritable, distrusts WmseU most, makes mis. WAlft^*>*«»i!*f*'JgLaccumulatlBg mn» Tfvn on uxmseil. 'i.'U9 P06^ "^r/> become over-sentimental and mound; W® man troubled with remorse for gout ©oa» fesses bis crime, or commit* founds. The downward oounie is rapid; iaoas case epilepsy occurs, in another paralysis, a tnlta developes tome hereditary malady^ lin cancer,a fourth die* from nervous nwu* and local disease of tone vital organ. The majority, escaping these special endtL be. come prematurely old, sad (Aide helpleMly into death. The brain beoomes disorganised, the balance is broken, aad ansrohy suooeeds to what onoe waa order. In every brain, in fact, there is set up primitively a kingly foroe, to whloli all other forces bend. TheVtag mar be goad or bad, he may be an hereditary king or a warper, bat be holds the balance: km the kin*, and, in ninety«nine cases one of a hundred, the kingdom is made chaos and dark night. 