^FICTION. .<From SagUsh, Amerlenn, and other Periodicals.) tíETTXCE TÏÏORNELOW. ?.A Tale of the Midlands during the Civil War. rí * CHAPTER III. MILDRED. Love took up the glass of Time, and turned it in bia glowine I banda, ¿very moment, lightly ebnkcn, ran itselfln golden sands -Tenny$on Several, days passed happily bj for the reunited family of the Thornelows, and melan- choly reflections on the approaching parting were : not suffered to hold tnueh sway over the members of the now joyous circle. On Lcttioe this reunion had a most beneficial effect, The vanished roses oarao back to her delicate check ; tho merry, happy light to the sweet eyes that had so lately a far off look in their tender depths ; and the musical sound of lier low, rippling laugh was frequently heard in -the old house or ita spacious grounds. Absorbedin present delights she detorminately refusod to anticipate the time when the light, the a unthill o of her life should onoo more go forth, and lçave Denley Court more joyless to hor then before. For Lettice, though she scaroely yet admitted it to herself, had learned to lore her brother's preserver. She Baw in him the realisation of her ideal ; she surrendered up hor heart unreservedly to him. She could not help it. Gilbert was her hero, her personifica- tion of all that was noble and chivalrous ; ho alone, of all the young men she had known, could worthily compare with her gallant brother In their intercourse, which was froe and un- restricted, she found ID bim a delightful com- panion.* Dclmayn's powers of conversation were great, and, as his odooation had been excellent, he talked well A lovor of literature, he bad not failed to improve his advantages Ho was fami- liar with the works of Chaucer, Sidney, Spenser, Shakespeare, Ben Jonspn, and Marlowe ; he had studied the writings of Asokam, Raleigh, and Baoon. He had beon introduced to John Milton, tho dawning of whoao magnificent genius had boen recognised in his famous " Ode," " Masque' of Oomus," " Lyoidas," and many v other works. He bad travelled, too, and that in an aga when travelling was difficult and ex- pansivo. He had visited Paris, Home, Venice, Florenoo, and Naples; he had sojourned m Brussels, Antwcip, Rotterdam, and Amsterdam. Stories of his wanderings, and descriptions of the treasures of art contained in these old cities, he related to Lottioc, who was always a pleased and intelligent listener Ha had made rambles in the romantic land of Spain, ana oould'tell her of the glories of the Alhambra, and the quaiut, Saracenic beauty of some of its oldoities. > And so their intimacy grew, and Speedily ripened into unspoken love , * ' Gilbert had never cared for any woman before He had admired many, but their beauty had never yet woke his heart to love Dark eyed maidens^of Italy, haughty and graceful olivc ekinned ladies of Spain, had only aroused\n bim the artist love of the beautiful that most culti- vated minda are susceptible to; and fascinating nn8 elegant girls of his own London had failed equally to bagot in him any warmer sentiment than admiration To Lattice the full tide of his affection flowed out at onpo and for ever, His deep rich love waa lavished upon her, and whether aoaoptod or rojeoted, Gilbert Dol mnyn Ttnow that he should novor love again. His was a nature, that, seemingly light and buoyant, WAS passionately oarno3t and profound Love and sorrow do not lightly touch suoh a nature : they penetrate to its deepest recesses, » aud leavo au ineffaceable impression npon it. Captain Thomolow and his lady suspected the state of affairs, and were not Jll-ploascd thereat ïThey^kncw that in every sonss it would bo a _ fitting jiatoh for their daughter, and Gilbert had ~EO~wonTipûn their regánTthat they "feinfto bo ' impossible to refuse what1 they saw would'be his request before his visit expired.; They were, in- deed, grieved at tho, thought of paring with Letticp, bat they were sensiblo people, and know that such separations Were'natural and inevitable,'-and consoled themselves'with the re- flection that tho^home'Gilbertrwould give bia bride would be equal in comfort to the one she would resign. i j As for Hugh, it was but tho consommation of his seorct wish. He inwardly rejoibed at the proBpeot of a near alliance, with his deareat friend. ?> y jvt So the courso of thoir love seemed-" fair and1 smiliDg, and no shoal or rooka wero> visible, as i- * i . yet, upon which the new craft was likely-to bfl stranded^ Gilbert saw much of Lettioe, and frequently enjoyed a tète a-iite with her. They rode om to* gether, too ; 'for Lettioe waa a good and fearless borsowoman, and was fond of the exercise She played on tho harp, aud Gilbert would sing with her, in bis bass voice, tbe psalm tunes then in vogue. The time flew by on feathered wings it never lags with lovers when the current runs Bmoothly j bat now and then it would reour to Gilbert, rather unpleasantly, that their felicity must, for the present at all events, be inter- rupted. One thing he resolved upon-to sock Captain Thornelow's consent to win Lettioe, and then tell the story of bia love to its object. Hugh was out much and frequently. He bad found a magnet that attracted him with well ñigh irresistible power from Denley Court. And in this wise it came about. Biding into Birmingham one morning with John Palmer, who was going to receive payment from a butcher in the town for some cattle,- he went about two miles from that place, overtook Dr Gayton, the ohief medical practitioner in Birmingham, and who had always been family dootor to the Thornelows. " Good day to you, Dootor," said Hugh. " A fine season for the ingathering of the crops, is it not?" " It ia," rejoined the dootor ; " but how is it that my young friend ÍB at home again ? I thought, Hugh," he added familiarly, " j ou were serving the Parliament against the traitor Charles." - " And so io truth I am pledged to do ; I arc spending but a brief visit at Desley Court, I think the movements of the-armies will even- tuate in a battle ere many weeks have passed I shall go, when I leave hore, to collect my troop and join the Earl of Essex." "Our emitbs are busy day and night, and bavo been for weeks/'eaid the doctor, " making swords for my Lord Essex. The King is, I hear, highly dûpleascd beoause the townsmen have refused to supply any arms to his foroes. He bath beard, moreover, that the Parliamentarian leader hath procured several thousands from Birmingham, and thia hath added to his wrath. Should' he or his generals prevail in this district they will wreak sore vengeance on our weak and defenceless town. And, to tell the truth, I am somewhat troubled at the thought." " Why so, Dúotor?" enquired Hugh. "I thought you were the last man to apprehend danger of any sort. I know you have the heart of alion" " Well," laughed the doctor, shaking his tall sinewy figure, till his steed- started, "I knew very well you would not impute want of courage to me. Nor am I afraid of loss' of property. For the matter of that, if I lost all I possess hero, I should still be fairly off, for I have taken care to secure the bulk of it. But, Hugh, I have lately had a new, and to me rather novel, responsibility thrust upon me; and in these unsettled tiniea I cannot help regarding it as a heavy one. I have reoeivod an unexpected legacy." " A legaoy 1 Is that so very burdensomo a responsibility?" said Hugh. " Do not rush to a hasty conclusion, my dear lad; it is not one of money, land, or houses It is the care and supervision of a girl not quite out of her teens." " That is altogether a different matter," re- sponded Hugh. " Is the young lady a relative, dootor ?" " My brother's only child. She is an orphan, poor girl. She never knew ber mother, and her father died, only nine months ago, and left her, and a very small fortune, to my eare. As Henry is now married and settled, we are alone, and tho charge, in other and happier times, would have been a real blessing to us. Indeed, it is so now, for the dear girl is a regalar sun- beam in the house, and hath found her way to our hearts already." " You should have brought her to the Court, dootor, to ^eee Letty ; my sister would be re joiood to make a new friend and oompanion, es- pecially one fio nearly her own age." " I have intended doing so ; but have lately found scant opportunity for anything but my professional duties. And I did not like to£let her coma with other protection thanr mide own." By this time they bad arrived at what is now | known as Camp Hill, and the spire of St Martin's Church stood up before them, towering over» the group of"low houses at its foot, the rest of the town straggling up the acolivity be- hind it. Where now are miles of streets, densely packed., and innumerable tall ohjmney staoks, nothing but pleasant orchards and meadows, in some of which lowing oattle idly chewed the cud, then greeted the eye. Won- drous, indeed, has b*en the transformation ' John Palmer^ after respectfully saluting the dootor, háQ ridden on in advanoo. Passing, the Crown Houso,* even thon a famous old'building, with its curious gables and massive timbers, at that time the residence of the Djokson family, on tho right," and the Chanel of StNTohn-j- on the left-the latter a very different, far'moro'pieTuresquo, and much smaller struoture than the present ohurôh-they crossed the Boa, a olear, limpid stream) vory unlike the filthy ditch that now laves the sides of numerous busy, but not very clean or odorous industrial hives, and quitting the pretty tree lmed'¿ntrance to the_ town, plunged into a narrow, irregular Btreet.- This unpavod tho roughïare, lined with v small timbered jind thatched bouBos, was known as Dor yat end J It contained numerous workshops and smithies, md tho horsemen oould hear, as they passed, the continuous olang of the hammer and roar of the bellows in the forge, and know that inside swords wero boing fashioned that were destined to shed English blood. Possibly the thought struok both, for they rode slowly on in Bilence A.8 they gained the open square now known as the Bull Bing, the bell of the old ohuroh tolled out disrnally. " That mast be for my pow patient, Hoggtcs, the saddler/' said the dootor, " I saw he could not last 'many hours yoBtcr evening. Poor fellow ! he suffercd'muoh." " What caused his illness, dootor ? . I-knew bim wellj'havo oftentimes vmted'hia shop." *Now converted into a tavern. It bears the sign of " Yo' Old Crowne House " It Kas.'however«under- gone no mutilation of importance, beyond snb divison into7two. dwellings. The smaller portion is a confectioner's shop. r*'* t The present church of St. John, which is entirely destitute of any architectual merit, and built of red brick, i unadorned and unrelieved, was erected m 1735\. The old chapel stood many feet further back from the load, which was lined on either side by venerable tree?, , " <t " s- r r ¡ \ Otherwise, pentend. This is the modern appella- tion. Der-yat-end was derived from Deer-gate end This is 8a68factonly<proved, I consider/Joy Mr. Toul min Smith, m his '*' Traditions of the Old Crown ¿Jouce^flneL.Account of Dentend Chapel-in Memo- rials of *01d Birmingham." Dirtyend as itian,ot un- ir *quently called in guide books, is manifestly a mis- nomer, as also is Denington, "Some injury to the head received in «fight when in his cups, arising from a dispute'- con- nected with the national qunrrel," replied the doctor. " Yon know he was a cholerío fellow. He bath paid dearly for his espousal of the Good Cauee.' His neighbours sympathise strongly with his family, and, it would fare ill* with bis antagonist were he seen in the town just now." "Do you know with whom he fought?" asked Hugh. "It was-Shadraoh 8orogga, & -swaggering blusterer, servant to Master Edward Goriook, of Broom Hall, who, you may have heard, hath joined tho King's army with eight troopers, among whom is counted, probably, this foul tongued bully." " I do not know the fellow, but I have hoard of him," said Hugh ; " and what I have heard is not to his credit." While thus tal king, Jthey haóTpiBsed through High street and Dale End, and were approach- ing the dootor's house, situated just outsidothe town, which then extended in that direotión no further than about half the length of modern Dale Ead Hugh suddenly halted, and was about to bid the doctor good day. " You will step in now you are so near, surely," said the doctor ; " I do not know when I shall see you again We oannot tell what may happen to a soldier. And I may feel it wiso to move to the capital, too. You must be our guest this day. So oome on, unless you are afraid to faoe my niece." " Thank you, dootor, I will. I know your kind hospitality of old. For the sake of sharing it, and seeing my old friend, Mistress Gayton, I would brave more than the presenoe of a stranger, however awe inspiring. But I shall be glad to see this one ; I am anxious to know your nieoe. Letty will be delighted to hear ,of her proxi- mity." They bad reached the house by this timo, and resigned their horses to the doctor's serving man, who stood at the gate to receive them, and led them away to the stables. Hugh followed the dootor aoross a formal-looking lawn tojhe house, whioh waa gabled and antique, but; olean and cheerful, and were admitted by a staid-looking domeBtio. ' Strains of music prooeeded from the apartment to whioh the dootor turned. He advanoed on tip-toe, and signed to Hugh to do the same. The door was ajar, And they could seo in un- observed without mach difficulty. A young girl was seated on a lew ottoman, with her back to them, and hor fair, silken hair, negligently confined by a band of pearls, fell in rich waving masses, a crown of golden glory, over her snowy neok and shoulders. Sae was singing, in a clear, sweet voice, not without somo fire and energy,'aooompanying herself on the guitar. They listened-Hugh entranced. The lines of the song wero rugged but cnthusiaBtio, and were indicative of the spirit'animating the Puritan party, such, at least, of them as did not wrap themselves in the garment of self-righteousness. Sweet Peace, we love thee'ever, But tor thy maintenance will never, Abjectly cringing, bow the knee, Or yield our cherished liberty. We al woy a will be free. Better that War's rude hand Should Bhake our much lov'd land, With fierce and deadly throes, s And bring its heaped up woes, Tban we enslaved should be. We called not for tho sword; We trusted in the Lord, But, einoe 'tia drawn to light, . We'll show how Furltans oan fight, When fighting for dear Liberty. Our foe?, whene'er they hear, Our rolling drums, shall lear Our valour and our might, Inspired and armed by right Our dearest birthright-Liberty, i ( From our vlo'orlca, dearly won. From our brave deeds, nobly done, A goodly trie shall grow and spread It's wide, lull branches overhead The stately tree of Liberty. * The singer paused a moment, and the recom- menced with greater verve : And In the time to come, , This tree sholl mark the sum Of oil we suffered, all we gained. By foughten fields, blood stained, That our children might bo free. It ever shall becur boast, Form Cornwall s craggy coast. To Scotia's furthest bound, Eohoinp, with trumpet sound, That Britons will be free. The young girl oçased, and a momentary silence filled the room. It was broken by the dootor stepping in. At tho sound of his approach the fair head turned quiok round, and there dawned upon Hugh & face of such surpassing loveliness as he had never dreamt of. She was a vision of beauty. Her clear, sparkling eyes were the colour of heaven's brightest blue, and were fringed with long, drooping lashes. Her features, without being dollish, wore almost perfeot, and the contour of her face suoh as to send an artist into ecstasies. Her oomploxion was brilliantly, but healthily fair ; and the animated expression of her faco, the laughing, joyous smiles that danced on her ruby lips and beamed in her eyes, made her quite irresistible to Hugh. No wonder she was the light of the old house ; no wonder that the worthy dootor esteemed the guardianship of suoh a treasure a weighty responsibility. " You have returned more speedily than is your wont, dear uncle," she said. " Yes, Millya darling," replied he, " and I have brought an old feiend home with mo " Hugh Btepped forward, arid was introduced by her/ únelo to JMistreßB Mildred Gayton. ; " I am thus early in our acquantanoo your debtor, Mistress Mildred," said he, "for the song you just sang so admirably, though pro- bably not for my behoof" "Indeed no. . I knew not that you or any- one else was near me I suppose you endorse the spirit and rosolution oppressed in the words," said Mildred. " Most assuredly ; I am a soldier of the Com monwelth of the people." « v . " As I should be, wero I not a weak woman I should rejoice to bo able to defend, sword in hand, the trampled rights of Eagluhmcn But our mission is different, and I must e'en | learn to be content with it," she said, " And what, my horoio little defendedor* the national liberties, do you oonceive your (woman's) mission to be," demanded the doctor " To animate, to oheer, to sustain th e stronger sex iu their struggle with oppression To nurse, to tend, to help, and minister in aught wo can to their oomfort. ¡ While suffer- ing, to be streng ¿ when losing, to despair not ; when sorrowing, to bo resigned ; and to inspire greater fortitude in men by the Bight of our calm enduranoe " ? Mildred's glorious OJOB had kindled with enthusiasm as she spoko, and a rioh glow lighted up her countenance. Hugh gazed .upon her as he would have gazed on 'the face of an angel, His was expressive of. 'reverent admiration. 4 j "Well, my bravo child," said Dr. Gayton thoughtfully, " this mission, BO nobly described/ may perhaps" bo yours sooner than you imagine." " Happy the man," thought-Hugh, " who is so blessed as to hava BO sweet a oonsoler at bis side io tho hour of trial and anguish," \- " Your definition ¿pf woman's mission ia the truest-'and noblc8¿-jou oould have'' given," said -he aloud, - " It gladdens me to find you do not, like some men, pooh-pooh my aspirations," rejoined Milly. -' At this junoturo, Mrs Gayton, a stout, good tempered looking dame, about forty five years of age, entered the room. " Ah, Hugh," said she "I ám right glad to see you again. It ia after many days " " It is, indeed," he responded. " You are looking well and hearty, Miatross Gayfon." " The dootor himself oould find lifle to oavil at in your appearance, however dosirous of seouring a patient," laughed the matron, gazing at Hugh's sunburnt faoe. "No, haply for bim, Hugh stands in no need of my nostrums," said the dootor. " I have had enough of your nasty compounds in my time, dootor, though, and have no desire for more. I thankfully acknowledge my in- debtedness to your skill, however, and will most obediently drain the nauseous draught again, should it at any future period become necessary." The Dootor laughed. " Ah, wo are all glad to purchase relief from pain at the expense of a little discomfort and the taking of a little noxious, physio," said he r " But, after ally nature more frequently works the oure than people are prone to imagine " Hugh prolonged his visit until sundown Ho sang and talked with Mildred, and reoounted his adventure on the road to Nottingham to her, and told how gallantly Gilbert Dolmayn oame to his reliof. On parting, he begged the dootor to allow him to oall for Milly, and esoort her to Desley Court, to seo Lettioe, and spend a few days there. As the doctor waa intending to be absent on 'a visit to the oapital for a few days, it was arranged that Mildred should not leave her'aunt until his return, when she should immediately proceed to Desley. Hugh was fain to be oontent with this arrange- ment; and so promised to briDg his sister into Birmingham during the dootor's absonce, to pay Milly a first visit. Ho then bade them adieu, and rode off in tho 6lowly fading light. In the Bull Bing a man hailed him, Ho stopped, and the speaker approached " Good even, Master Kill Sin Dabba," said Hugh. " What want you with mo ? I wish to get home before twilight deepens into darkness. So I must beg you to be brief in your discourse." The individual addressed was a tall lank man, dressed in sombre fashion. Hia drab coloured hair was cut close to his head, and his faoe wai smoothly shaven. His features woro harah and nnplcasing, and ho affeoted a sanotimonious air Hugh know him well, and his exhortation to bo brief was not superfluous, as Master Kill Sin was wont to deliver himself of long homilies on any and evqry occasion when he could obtain a listener. I will not detain you long, Lieutenant Thornelow," ho said ; " but I was dosirous of knowing if you and your troopers were going to form part of the detachment now gathering in this town to assist theoitizecs of Coventry to de- fend that city against the lewd Popish traitors " " I think not," replied Hugh j " but where- fore do you wish to know ?" " Because I should have beon pleased to enrol myself among so godly and well- ordered a oom pany," was the response. " If you proceed not thither, I shall remain here, and reserve my sword for the defence of this town. It is likely to need it, I fear." > " I think it most likely I shall join the foroes of my Lord of Eiset," siid Hugh. " Well, good night, Master Thornelow, and may the God of our fathers preserve you m safety, and utterly confound the malignante," unctously ejaculated the fanatic. " Farewell, Kill-Sin ; the Lord keep you," said Hugh-" from sin," he added misohievously, as ho rode away. "Ishould be sorry to have that ranting knave always about me," he mused " Moreover, I strongly doubt his sinoerity. I hope lam wrong, and that I am misjudging the man ; but his 'sudden affection for me is rather mysterious." Thinking thus, he quiokened his pace, and gained the paternal roof tree just before darkness settled down. At the table be told thom about Dr. Gayton'a nieoe,and Letticopromply and delightedly agreed to fulfil the promise Hugh had made for her to visit Birmingham. On the following morning she rode into that town under the protection of her brother and Gilbert, and there found a friendship with Mil- dred as deep and lasting aa that subsisting be- tween Hugh and Gilbeit With a woman's penetration, she soon perceived that her brother had been fascinated by the beauty and graoo of thoir new friend. Delmayn also guessed tho state of affairs, Bnd merrily rallied Hugh upon it when they were alone. Under various pretexts Hugh rode almost daily into Birmingham, and invariably found h;s way to the old gabled house wherein was en shrined the being ho paid suoh willing homage to. ' J And Gilbert and Lettioe soiroely missed him. Theirs was the first dream of lova It was well that it should not bo disturbed for that short time. War, tumult, sorrow, and ruin hovered near, and times of Irial were olose .upon thom. : CHAPTER ' IV. ¡ ' THE PARTING We are Timos subjects, and lime bid's begone -Sh ilcspeare " Jane, my dear, hero's tp our next meeting, said Amos Warlow, raising a hugo jug to his lips, and taking a deep draught " And, per adventure it be in more peaceful times, I'll, maybe, ask ye a question it is jn my mind now to hazard." " And why cannot it bo put to-day, Amos ?" gauoily interrogated a maiden sitting the other sido the table "Because it wilLkeep, Susan," replied Amos scntentiously. "At least whiloyou are hero It is like your pertness 'to ask suoh a question Wish me God speed and safe return," he con tiouod, bending towards the girl he first ad "dru ed. ,"" I do, Amos," she returned. " " I will oar neatly i pray the good Lord to bring you back unsoathed, and that this dreadful war may speedily cease;" ' The speaker was a neat, modest, and blooming maiden, olean and spruoo, and wmBome enough to attraot more fastidious young mon than Amos Sho was a kind of upper servant, and acted as , .moid to Mistress Thornelow and Lottioo. I -,' They were siting in the great roomy ki toben of Deeloy Court, over the morning meal. The 'aspect of the apartment*.bespoke ease and plenty, and good living Prom the beams bf tho ceiling \- -depended a plentiful supply of hams ; fhtohas ' of bicon of greet size adorned the walls -The great dresser was amply supplied with crockery, .and all the culinary) appurtcnanoos of a well ordered house-hold wero present. A long rough table of oak,-polished by continuous use, and benohes on either bide, with a large settle before the yawning fireplace, and a couple ,of! high; backed oaken chairs completed the furniture. ^ Susan, ono of the dairymaids, a ruddy strap- ping girl, ona of the speakers, was seated at tho ' table. Tbo oook another girl, and two or three mon, farm servants, study fellows, vwere also discussing their breakfast. Joeeph Hinch-- Old Joe, ag he was familiarly oallcd-the gardener, was the patriarch and oracle.of the servant's hall. " Wo shall ba glad to welcome thee back, lad," spoke up Old Joe. " Thon wilt let the mai ¡guanta know what a shot thou art, ere long, I'll warrant," he added. "No doubt of that, Joe," Amos replied. "But I like not the shooting of my'fellow creatures, I can tell yo. It's different to rabbits -very. When I shot that trooper in Not- tinghamshire, when Master Hugh bade mo fire, my hands trembled so that I soareo could pull the trigger. But I suppose I shall get accus- tomed to (¡he business of fighting soon. Yet Td far rather turn to my work a¿ain, I think." The young man, having finished his repaît, roso and walked to the settle, ' pulling J ano down into tho seat beaido him. As he did so, his athletic proportions became visible. He was more than six feet in height, and bia frame was I massively built. His muscular limbs gavo evidence of the enormous strength of whioh he was possessed. His bead waa rather large, and covered with a mass of oo&rse; black hair, out rather short. His faoo was strongly marked, and a thick moustache and short ourling beard ooverod the lower part of it. A jovial, light-hearted man was ho for a Puritan; but bis attachment to the popular oause was none the less strong and sincere for that. He was fonder of a song and a tankard of ale than a psalm ; but he wes strictly tem- perate, and abhorred profanity. Those who knew him best esteemed bim the most highly. They knew he was true as the' good steel he had so often weldod into swords. They were sensible that thoir trust in him was well plaeed, that his support was thorough, his sincerity un- impeachable. Suoh was the trusty companion who had oh osen to identify his fortunes with those of Hugh Thornelow. Ho waa devotedly attached to Hugh, and was willing to follow him anywhere To other people he was wont to exhibit an indepsndeuoe of manner that was not vory common with men of his station at that period. Brought up in Birmingham to earn his living as a smith, ho despised service, and only followed Hugh from personal regard for him and a lovo of adventure. Years ago, too, when boys, Hugh bad ohival rously protected Amos, when the latter was in the power of a big bully, muck his senior, one day in the streets of ike town. ' « Thus it happonod :-Hugh, who was four yoars Warlow's senior, was walking one day past the Church of St. Martin whou he saw a mast unequal combat wag'ng between two lads, one a full head taller than tho other. The love of fair play, ever strong in Hugh, promptod him to interfere. He strode up and demanded to know what tho quarrel was about, and told tho big boy to unhand his vio tim. The lad insolently refused, and defied the new oomer, threatening loudly to chastise him also Hugh's blood rose, and in a momeat he thrust himself between the lads and reocivod a blow. Upon this he assumed tho aggressive, and, though rather slighter- than -his enemy, soon, by cxeroiso of greater skill and agility, succeeded in giving him a thrashing, and mak- ing him howl for mercy. Little Warlow waa loud in his gratitude and admiration at the way in which Bully Scrogga, tho boy who had lorded it over the youth of Birmingham for two or three years, had been beaten in fair fight. He never offered to molest Amos again. From that timo Warlow regarded Hugh as a patron and friend, and was eagar to do him any sorvico. Amos had found an attraotion at Desley Court, moreover, of another kind He saw the modest country maiden, Jane, and, having be- held, he loved. Nor was ho therein bl a m cable. Ho bad, he thought, found a heart that res- ponded to his own. It was, perhaps, because he was sanguine that bis affeotion was returned that he had not yot told his love. Ir, however, shone from the depths of his honest, fearless brown eyes, and Jane, artless as abo was, had, from the state of hor own feelings, learned to comprehend what was meant by his deep, earnest gaze, and why his tones softened when he addressed her. " More love," my roaders will say. " More troubio," they will remark presently. The Thornclows had determined to join the army of Lord Essex, and had fixed the day for their departure But a summons came before tho time tbey had decided on, and this day, therefore, tbey weie oompellod to leave Dealcy. Gilbert, of course, accompanied them. He had whispered the oft-told tale into tho glad ears of Lettice, and won her consent to be his wife. Previously ho had gained that of her parents. Ho was sod on this day-a woight jay on bim that his usual blythe spirits wore powerless to oast off A vague presage of trouble and disas- ter seomed to haunt him KOW, and inwardly he longed wildly to transport Lettice to London, where he believed she would be safer than else- where. For himself ho had no fear. But that might not be; ho was fain to control and re- press his rising foreboding*, and comfort his sorrowing betrothed. She was borne down with distress. Fathor, brother, lover-all were goiog to the oruol war But she summoned all her native courage, and endeavoured to proserve her calmness. They spoke of the hoped-for reunion ; of-at least, Gilbert did-their marriage ; and Lettioe listened with a throbbing bosom and a Bhy delight. " Ah I Letty, darling, we will part no more when next wo raoet, I hopo," said Delmayn. "And, mino own, the joy of anticipation takeb muoh of the sting of present grief away,-doth it not?" ~" ^ « - " It doth^soraowhat," she rpplied ; " but'me thinks that of parted friends thoso left behind are evor the saddest Tliey miss the dear fa ra i liar faceB from the familiar plaoos : all "scorns BO blank, so vaoant, and drear." " I think you are right, my love ; but dwell n-1 on the present woe ; rather look forward to bright days to dawn-to that day when ¿he shall meet agajn. 0, featus ,diea! J Would that I could fix it ! Our most vivid faiioj cannot too brightly pioture the delight of meeting' Tho- pang of parting ia Blight com- pared with tho bliss of reunion. i And so be strove to comfort her iwbile be whiskered the last adi ux.~~ " ' Their hasty departure rendered it impossible for Hugh to Bee and take' leave of Mildred This he deeply regretted, as, he strongly, desired to loam whether the affection he had lavished í ii upon the dootor's fair ward was returned. He hoped and believed it was, but he wanted tv confirmation of his hopes, a settler of hifrdoubta, from Her lips before going forth to war, perhaps to death. But the call of duty was imperative, and there was no help for it As, fate would have it, Mildred had left Birmingham for a few days, and was visiting some of her unole'a,, frionds in Worcestershire, near Kidderminster, and Hugh oould not, tborefore», as he ^wished, ride ovor and bid her farewell. . The last moments devoted to leave-taking bad como. Up and down tho road eight troopers rode, waiting., for- their superiors. Outside the house, on the broad gravel drive, threo horses, well caparisoned, wore held by farm servants, and the animals were impatiently pawing the ground, eager to be off. Inside, the owners of the horses were utter- ing their last farewells. They were moro than ordinarily warm. Tho parted ones might never more behold eaoh othor ; the ohanqes of war ever present that melancholy probability, and impart a tinga of unutterable sadness, absent in other partings, to the word good-byo. There is reasonable hope of mooting happily again in other cases ; when friends go to play at tho deadly game of war, wo know they onter tho arena whence Death, the great divider, reaps his goodliest harvest. As we said before, Lettioe's heart was very sorrowful. Mistress Thornelow was not less affected. The unbidden tears would gash forth, though striven against. " Keep a good heart, my darling sister," said Hugh. " You shall hear from us shortly." He turned and fondly embraced his mother, who bad clung to1 Captain Thornelow with a warmth of affeotion as strong as when moro than thirty years ago thoy had first olasped hands as man and wifo. "'Tis hard to say farewoll to you, my bride to-be," said Gilbert, bas he pressed Letty to his heart ; " but it shall naljba for long," he added, passionately. " I shall come to bear you away to London soon, to be my own for life." « They bad now reached tho hall, and here ha took her onoe more in his arms, and imprinting one lingering kiss oa her lips, arossed tho door- way and vaulted into the saddle. Hugh had mounted his steed. * Captain Thoinolow pausod to give his daughter bis blessing and farewell kiss. " May God preserve you from all danger, my dear Letty, and give you patienoe that you mummur not at His dispensations," he 'said, laying his hand upon her fair, bowed head. Another moment, and ho waa gone, and Let- tice, raising her tear-dimmed oyes, saw thora ride slowly down the drive. Just where it rounded they took off their hats and waved them to her and her mothor, who was likewise watching them Then they disappeared from view. The la'ies lingered on the threshold until the sound of tho horses' hoofs had Ipng died away, and then turned sorrowfully into the house, now to them so desolate. In their Borrow all lookod dark. Theirnsun bad gone behind a cloud, and nothing but gloom scorned to compass them. But the morrow carno, andLsttioo soon began to learn that the bloud of her grief had a silver lining, that the bitterness of her trial was not wholly unalloyed. She took no slight oomfort from the knowledge that abo was loved, and, after tho fashion of youth, in a few dayB began to dream of a golden time to como. Aod a} in fair visions of the future, she took refuge from the dull present. CHAPTER V. FATIIER AND SON. Barely the All-oceiog, Who joys to see us «vlth Ills gifts agreeing, Will never give him pinions who entreats Such Innocence to ruin. -Kants "I tell you emphatically, father, that no other woman shall become my wedded wife " " Pshaw, boy 1 It oannot bo ; nay, more, ii shall not. I forbid you to dream of suoh an alliance. The girl and all her family aro Puritans to the very core." "I know it; but Lettioe can be cured of auch leanings. As for the rest of the family, I care not." " Doubtless the scaffold or the battle-field will olaim the father and sou," replied the seoond speaker grimly. " But Edward, mark me 1 I will assuredly disinheritryou if you croas mo ia this matter. Marry Bettioe Thornelow you shall never with my oobsont. Without it, of oourso, being of age, you can ; but, if you do, I oast you off uttorly and for over. I do not relent." And the speaker brought his elenohed fist down upon the table in vehement confirmation of his words. He was a man verging on sixty. His hair, thiik and coarse, grizzled by time, flowed down over his shoulders in rough abundance, amply supplying the place of tho wigs then so com- monly worn. His features wore dark and strongly defined, and his prominent nose and wido, cruel mouth, displaying his white, gleam- ing teeth conspicuously when he talked or smiled, gave him a orafty and forbidding ar poaranoe A sneer hovered perpetually on bj oouutenanoo, and his dark, deep-set eyes, övor shadowed by thick, gray brows', usually shone with a steady light that was at once inscrutable and disquieting. At the present moment an angry fire flashed from them upon the person opposite. That person was his son, Edward Gorloek. The father waa Sir Henry Gorlook, Bart., and they were seated in the library of Broom Hall, in Staffordshire, some six milos north of Bir- mingham. It waa a dark and gloomy old mansion, built partly of stone and, partly of timber. On one side of it lay a deep moat, and tho stono walls were humid and green from the blaok, stagnant water Tbiok, dark-foliaged trees almost Bur roundod it, and added to its eombroncsa. It was. not in good repair. Its ownor's extrava- gance'in early life had enonmbered the c'state, and ho had not, by parsimony in his lator years, yet been able to completely disentangle i\ I*, waa his hope -indeed, hispían-that Bdwardshould marry an heiress, with whose money tho old Hall should be repaired, and the remaining debts cleared off. This, suoh a'modost dowry aa could fall to Lettioo Thornelow, would fail to accomplish. Henoe one groat cause of the baronet's opposition to his BOU'S choice. But this was not the chief. Ho hotoi Leonard Thornelow with ar bitter and undying batrod, for he believed that gentleman had sup- planted bim id the affeótions of the girl ho had chosen, and who afterwards beoame the mother of Lettioe. > , Not that ho eared for her very tanah, <hor^Jp>r perhaps he oared for her Wmuch as it wasjSr^ bia bard, sjlfish nature to de; but'bis pride arid self-love were deeply wounded that bis rival, an untitled .yeoman; should be preferred to him, who could traoe his ancestors baok in a straight line to ono of the adventurers who orossed the -^HáññeTwith William the Nôrman7""~ " This was an affront he oould not forgive, and through all the long- intervening years ho bad cherished hopes of revenge. His patience in quest of vengeance was tireless This he hoped Vjot to obtain. He, howéverj-rawly saw his "^»F^Bnemy, and uofrequently beard of bira. He once met Hugh at the bouse of a mutual friend, aud treated him with such studied inso- lence that the host-a worthy man, and food of bia young friend- seeing how Hugb writhed under, the old baronet's insults, remonstrated '-with the latter, and Sir Henry at ' once, and in high dudgeon, quitted tho roof of his genial entertainer, muoh to Young Thomelow's relief. '- When the contending factions-Royalists and Parliamentarians-oame to an open rupture, Sir Henry Gorlook saw a prospeot of his long < deferred revenge being in some way aooom \- plished at laat. ' He waa aware that Master Thornelnw would acolare for the cause of tho people. Tho baronet waa a thorough supporter of'the King, even in his most arbitrary attempts to curtail the freedom of ihenation. Ho badalia tyrant'slovoof power ; and this was fully exemplified on his estate. His dependents loved him not. They obeyed his imperious commands, it is truo ; but , it was out of fear. Few liked to come into , oontact with the scowling lord of Broom Hall Even ohildren shunned his pith By in Etinot that erred not, they droaded and disliked him H¡8 smile failed to reassure ; it was \- scarcely less terrifying than his frown. People avoided tbe darksome old bali. It . bad not a good name. Its mistress had long ' boori dead. Idle folk whispered all manner of things concerning her end, but none of these whiapcrs ever got to tho husband's eura. Well for the tattlers,they did not. But it was gene- rally- believed that ho in some way baBtoned ber exit fiom a joyless existenco It was 1$. certain that she soon pinod away after JSm the birth of her seoond child, in that JMS ill-omened house When she entered Us pon . , derona doors she was a merry, light-hearted girl "' .In a few y cara, in company with her ungonial partner, the light Vanished from her eye, the springiness from her step, tho cheery ring from her voice, and she passed away, seemingly unre grettcd by the heartless old tyrant who had doomed ber to so loveless and barren a life. Unsympathetic, harsh, and atbeistioal, he bad crushed this poor flower under his feet remorse- lessly She left him an heir ; that was all he oared for. There were other women in abun- dance; but he did not want another wifo. Ho had no love to give, and wanted no lave; but 'bis lust was strong, and he was unscrupulous in the means he sought of gratifying it. This he sought to do at any cost of woo to others. Mysterious and discreditable stories of "this man's amours were breathed among the vil- lagers; and more- than one family in that part of the oountry had reason to believe that the disappearance of one of its most cherished members was traceable to his machinations. But hitherto no proof had ever been given ; and if suoh wore really the / case, the baronet had been too wary to afford ahy clue which oould be usod against him Ono thing was undisguised and undeniablo; " he had made conoubines of so many of his ser- vants that at last none oould be got to enter hie service. An ancient crone, whoso reputation ' was not less evil than his own, was his house- keeper, and the only fomalo within the walls of his mansion His other servants were few in number, and .stood in great awe of him. Ho paid tbcm fairly, but treated thom with the utmost dis- dain. His old valor, Andrew Jakes, who had lived with him for moro than twenty yearp, 'was the only one ho ever spoko to with an ap- pearance of cordiality; and even Jakes got -more oaths than halfpence. Yet the man once saved his life. The character of his son Edward will develop "further on. Briefly, as ho sits, he shall be de- scribed. Ho was a handsomo ohip of the old, evil "block. With most of his father's features, he wore a heavy, doggard look, that rarely loft his face. His oountenanee was likewise somewhat Bonsuous. Ho was young yet, howevor, and had not grown so callous as his parent. After the emphatio and resolute deolarotion of the older man, the two sat for a minuto or "two glaring at each other. Tho silence was again broken by the father. "Not only would I disinherit any son of mine'wbo wedded in the Thornelow family, but my bitterest curse should follow him," said ho. " Cursos, like chickens, frequently return . homo to roost, I have heard, sir ; and I mis- doubt me but yours would prove no exception to the general rule," replied the son in oynioal tones. ' " You unfilial dog ! I believe that, but for the power I wield over this property, you would defy mo," said the baronet. " You aro right," returned Edward moncha lantly. " But of course I know tbo estate is not entailed, and am therefore conscious that you oan play the despot ovor a needy son. As for *lt^ my conduct being unfilial, you are yourself a fine jp .. .- example of that. My grandfather cursed-" _ "Hold!" thundered Sir Honry. "Enough -of this., We understand each other, I thipk I do not look for lovo or duty at your bands obedience' to a certain point I will exact ; but in general, you will not deny, I let you go your path unfettered-ond make an ample allow ance," be added, after a pause. " I have done," said the young man sullenly. The Baronet regarded him with a suspicious glance for a minute, and then resumed. > ' - " I do not wish that 'our conversation on tbo matter Bhould end thus. Listen " " I am all attention," muttered Edward, without relaxing his expression t " Well, then," said his father, drawing his chair a little nearer the fire (it was a damp, chilly evening in September, and growing t, rapidly dark), "my plans were and ure-for they obange not-very different for you. You know the estate is still, spite of my efforts, ? somewhat encumbered ?" " I do. Was it when you succeeded to it ?" queried hie son. N " It was slightly, sirrah, though you havo no right to ask such questions," said the baronet, frowning. " Why will you, fooljsh boy, thus i «eek to anger me when I have no wish-to quarrel with you? Beware, though, or we shall y'et oomo to an issue." " I will he moro becdf.nl as to my word, sir ; but you make no allowance for the galling of the fetters which bind me." & " I had no desire to chafe t your proud BOUI, M^ my son, neither do I wish to restnot your T¿ ' aotions. I will now continue what I was about to say." ^ ? " I will not interrupt you'again, father," said Edward, in response to U questioning look^be baronet catt at bim. - ¡ , . r~ Sir Henry prooeedcd. - " "I wâsgoîng to obTervo'tbat I had long fell the"ncçomtyjthere was fpr your marrying m'onoy -that ls7*an heiress-in order to sot freo tho lands of Broom, Wo aro a proud race, and do not like to see our fortunes decay. This houso also wants ropairs. The timber portion ought to have been rebuilt1, to match the stode part orcotcd by my grandfather; but its last two proescssors have not been able to sparo the funds requisita for tho purpose I should liko it to be atícomplished by my successor." " It Certainly needs some repair, and par- tially refurnishing,'' remarked Edward. " I suppose you think it soarooly the'place to bring a young brido to," laughed tho baronet sardonioally. "It doth well enough for me, aud hath in past time done for my bride, though I confess it is rather grim at present. Thank Heaven 1 it invites few visitors. You need not be uneasy, boy ; you can alter it when I am gone-though I do not intend to die just yet ".And again Sir Henry Gorlook laughed hi* harsh, grating laugh. Besuming, ho said, " You will not bring your wife to the hall in my lifetime. While I livo there eau be no change here. You under- stand ?" " Perfectly," was the reply. In the tim pie word there could bo nothing to rufflo the baronet; but tho tone in whioh it was conveyed evidently displeased him. Be straining himself by an effort, however, he pro- ceeded. ' " You know I entertain a long and deop rooted hatred of Leonard Thornslow, a hatred that extends to all his kith and kin ? ' "I do." "It ia so great, that were his daughter dowered with all the riches of M xico, I should still hesitate to give toy consent. But; my son," and hero the speaker's voioo lowered, his eyes emitted a wiokod gloam, and his lips parted with a smile suob as MepTiis tophi les himself might have worn whon on bad deeds most intent " but the times are getting more lawJeBa, and will do so during tho civil war : the day may como when Lettioo Thornelow may bo safely obtained. In plainer language, there is little you dare not do, and the days aro drawing nigh whon your daring may seoure for you this young Hebe as your mistress." The face of tho younger man had brightened as his wioked sire unfolded his suggestion, and and the markod resemblance between the pair carne out in stronger relief as he oonoluded. " Bo it as you say father. I may not wed her; she shall still be mine. And perhaps I should never have won bor by fair means, for I hear that a young Londoner, named Delmayn, a friend of hor brother's, hath already secured the prizo so far that they are betrothed. Not that this fact, save for your prohibition- and the oxigenoics of the oa<e, oould have daunted a Gorlook. They aro not wont to be deterred by obstacles-oh, air ?" " You are right, Ned," observod Sir Honry, with another of his saturnino smiles. " I may count on your assistance, then, sir, in this enterprise ?" " In a measuro, yes But I appear in noth- ing you undertake. I cannot compromise my- self publioly. My house, servants, and purso are at your command." " I understand fully." " Thon you will try and pluok this flower whoso sweetness and beauty have charmed your souses, and wear it for a time, and then cast it from you faded and forlorn ?" said the old man, interrogatively. " Yes, to your fanoiful metaphor," replied his son. " Good," muttered the baronet to himself " At last a prospeot of revengo on the girl who lilted mein the not distant futuro. Truly had it been aaid ' Bevenge is sweet.' I would not forego it for land or gold." For a few minutes the pair remained silent, caoh oooupicd with his own thoughts-in each case they were black enough. It had grown nearly dark during the forego- ing conversation, and the fitful light of the fire oast fantastic shadows all about the dismal arartmont The room was panelled in oak, and one aide was oooupied by a largo bookoise filled with volumes that were now little u ed. The father of the present baronet had boen fond of theso works, and among them were the best classics and the pro duotions of the greatest English writers-tho men who adorned the Elizabethan era. Tho massive oaken furniture looked stiff and unpre- possessing as the owner, and two or threo por- traits of warriors in armour on the wall}seemed to frown upon the silent pair. "Father," at longth broke out Edward) " have you ever heard aught of Reginald aince bo, like a young fool, ran away ?" "No; oursod whelp thot he was. I never want to see him moro in this world " " Or tho next either, perhaps," suggested the son. "D-ni" shouted the baronet, "keep your suggestions to yourself." "I thought you did not believe in Another world," aggravatingly rejoined Edward. " You need not th nk at all about it I am not io a mood to be trifled with," irascibly re- torted Sir Henry, his features distorted with rage. Once more they relapsed into silence At length the baronet reached a decanter of wine, filled a glass that stood near bim, drained it, end then poured out another. He then passed the wine towards his son, who silently and moodily helped himself. " I believe that Reginald is dead," said the baronet suddenly. " Is not the wish the begetterof the thought?" asked Edward. "Possibly tho wish goes with it ; but I say I do behe\e the young oub is dead." "He is not dead," said a shrill voice behind him With a vehemently uttered imprnoation, the baronet bounded to his feet, and faced the in- truder " Why, in the foul'fiond's name, do you creep into the room like this, you hideous old Heoate?" he roared, foaming with, passion. "And what," he added, "'do youknow about Reginald ? Tell me instantly." And he shook his fist menacingly at the woman, who stood unahrinkly before him. The flickering light from the wood firo.illu-, mined a countenance that was almost appalling in its ugliness, and went far to justify the words he had applied to her. Her faoe was yellow and puokered into a thousand wrinkles. Her long hooked nose nearly met her protruding chin, on whioh waa * considerable growth of gray .hair ; her upper lip being also similarly adorned. Two huge yellow teeth, the only remaingones stuok out like fangs, and imparted a savage aspeot to the 'old beldame, who was rendered if anything more .frightful by her- Btrajoge bead-dross, whioh was of a high antique shape, and in hue a yellowish dirty-w'hito. """ " ' Raising her. skinny forefinger, aho mado a deprcoatory, gesture, and replied. " Your violonoo is oauscloss, Sir nonry. I but carno to trim "the lamp for you, as tbo light hath faded." _ : " Woll, you have no occasion to steal about noiselessly and come upon us without; knocking I hate your gliding motions. I do bolievo your are a witch," staring at her. "And pray what do you know about Reginald, lot mo ask again ?'* oontinued ho. " I know nothing," she returned doggedly. " But I am well assured he is not dead." " Your oonviotions or assuranoes," ho sneeied, " are nothing worth. Is that all the ground you have for your belief? It really matters nothing to ma whether he be dead or alive ; only if he is still in cxistonae it would bo well to knöwv" " Had ho died, the Gorlook death signal would have been seen,"' said tho hag, as she turned to leavo thq room. The face of the baronet grow reflective as his anoient housekeeper closed the cjoor bo hind her, and left parent and son again alone together. " Old Hester is right," ho said, " the lad cannot be dead If alive, as ho must bo, will he ever cross our path again ! ' " He had better not obine into collision with us ; he would inevitably be antagonistic to all our plans." " There is no doubt of that," said Sir Henry ; " he was ever a stubborn disposition, and, like his mother, oould. not be threatened and per- suaded out of his own assumption of what was right. By Heaven, I grow wrathful now, when I think' how ooolly that boy, child as ho then was, bid me do my worst, when I sought to bow his will to mine." " It was not for that he left though, was it ?" said Edward. " No," replied the baronet, looking curiously at him, " no, it was not. To ohauge the subjeot, allow me to,esk whether you really intend to join the Royalist foroes, or was your announce ment to that 'effect a mere pretenoe to wheedle money out of my coffers ? If not, it is high time, for both your credit and mine, that you completed you«1 preparations." " It was not a pretenoe to extort money from you, sir (though I did want it), and in proof thereof 1 shall prooecd to-morrow, with my men, to join tho King's army. - ,1 shall attach mysolf to Prince Ruport's division. Have you any, moro monoy to spare, air ?*' ho oonoludcd. " I will replenish your purse bofore you set out on the morrow," responded his father. Tho conversation hero, branched off on the prospects of the monarch and his opponents, and amicable relations were preserved for the remainder of tho night between the pair. Long after they had retired to their oham-' bcrs tho old bousokeoper, Hester Brooks, wan- dered about tho dreary, deserted passages Uko an uncanny ghost, muttering to herself. " He is not dead. I know ho is not dead, Would to Heaven he were !" (To be continued.) 