TICHBORNIANA. MORE EVIDENCE. The following is from Tuesday’s Herald: — In Saturday’s Herald a letter appeared, written by Mr J. C. Le Sage, a gentleman who claims to be in pos session of such knowledge as would enable him to lay his hand upon the veritable Arthur Orton, but is pre vented : from doing so through lack'of funds. In his letter the writer expresses his willingness to give for the loan of £lOO the sum of £5OO, should the informa tion he possesses win for him the reward of £2300 offered by Mr .Gilbert Onslow for Orton’s production in ■England. . ■ , Believing that any new circumstances, real or alleged, connnected with this romance of real life, can not but prove interesting to pur readers, a representa tive of the Herald interviewed Mr Le Sage, who most courteously placed him in possession of a narrative which will be found below in almost the narrator’s own words, with only a few verbal alterations, and such cur-, tailment as the pressure upon the space of our columns demands, Mr Le Sage said to our representative:—“ All the world knows that Arthur Orton, so much talked about, landed at Hobart Town, Tasmania, in tho year 1853, where he was in charge of a pair of ponies, which came put from England in the ship Middleton. Between the years ISIS and 1850, Orton had been in South America, where he became acquainted with the De'Castro family, 'at a small town called Mellipilla, I became acquainted with Orton at Hobart Town, 1853, and when I left the island to go to Victoria in tho same year he bad pre ceded me by several months. Does it not seem strange that, at tho late trial, no information was elicited as to the whereabouts of Orton, from the months commencing May, ’53, and terminating about the end of ’54? It was merely supposed that Orton was, during that space of time, in Hobart Town, whereas in reality he was not there at all. Ho was in South America during the time, and when he returned to Tasmania, he came as a ship wrecked sailor, who had been picked up by an emigrant ship. Orton himself told me, when in aftertimes we met in Gippsland, that ho knew the fate of the Bella, tho vessel on board which Roger Tichbourne is said to have sailed from Bio Janeiro. Orton told mo that the craft was not wrecked, but that a mutiny took place aboard of her. He was always dumb when asked what part he touk in the rising of the crew. The story told by the * Claimant’ about his lauding at Port Phillip in 1854, in a three-masted schooner, called the Osprey, is a rank lie, an invention of his own. “ The fiction is based on tho following facts:—Arthur Orton was strolling one day about the Melbourne wharves, desirous of again going to sea, and looking for a ship. Ho met and was engaged by a Captain Michael Carmichael, skipper of a 64-ton schooner that had lately come out from Glasgow via tho Cape of Good Hope, and was then on the berth for Sydney. This little vessel was called the Osprey. Hence the confusion. The other Osprey,' the .one .that bothered the, lawyers, never was built; it and Mrs Harris are identical. If the schooner Osprey that ciine to Australia via tho Cape bad picked up a boat- load of shipwrecked mariners off the South American coast, it stands to reason that the men would have been landed at Cipo Town, that being the nearest port on the route to Australia. B ow, it happened that, although engaged to serve as a sailor aboard the schooner Osprey, Orton did not go to Sydney in her, as she could not get a cargo and was con sequently taken off tho Sydney berth in December, 1854, and sold. At this time Captain J. Johnson, of Mowburn Park Station, was in Melbourne making arrangements for tho building of a new homestead, which was erected in tho following year, 1855. “Captain Johnson and Orton met, and tho latter was engaged by the former to superintend the landing of cattle at Hobart Town, as at that time Johnson ex ported from Port Albert, in his own craft, cattle to Tas mania. “Captain Johnson soon found out that Orton was a very useful servant, and a man likely to be of service, both at the Tasmanian place of landing and the station of Mewburn Park, so the captain took him over in his own craft, tho Free Trader, to Port Albert. After a time, in tho year 1856, I met Orton, and then ho was engaged as stockman on the Mewbum Park Station. At tho end of 185’3, Orton went to the Boisdalo station, under engagement to Mr Foster, and in tho year 1857 he was sent to the Dargo. I know that, in 1858, Orton was on a station owned by Mr Foster, but the place was called by some aboriginal name, which I do not re member. At this time a dreadful murder was com mitted. A man, who at the time was well known as Ballarat Harry (real name Henry Wickens), a former shipmate of Arthur Orton, was found shot dead 1 “For this murder a storekeeper natnedToak was tried and acquitted. Strange to say, after the murder, Arthur Orton refused point blank to remain in the locality where the tragedy occurred. I-said to him in jost, ‘Are you afraid of Harry’s ghost?’ Then ho grasped me by tho throat with a sudden movement, and as suddenly released me, remarking with a laugh, ‘ I’m not afraid of any and and ghost.’ I must tell you, Orton was always looked upon as Harry’s murderer by the Gippsland people. Tho next thing I know about Oi ton is, that at the end of May, 1859, he was em ployed at the Exchange stables in Sale, and that he sud denly left his employ, taking with him a horse, which he stole—a mare, the property of a Mr Blackam. “ This performance caused the following notice to ap pear in tho Police Gazette —‘Arthur Ortou, horse breaker and butcher; height, about 5 ft 9.J in; brown hair, stout build, very little beard, pale complexion, a tooth missing in tho upper jaw.’ This' personal de scription tallies to a nicety with that given of tho claimant. Little does Arthur Orton suspect that the man he left for dead, with a hole in his skull, is living yet I Little does ho know that there is a man living who can produce ‘his fac-similo portrait, taken by the law, and tell that which will destroy him. After tho Gippsland murder no one hears of Arthur Orton. Why ? The answer is easy. It is not natural that a man suspected of a murder, and known to be a horse stealer, should think a change of name desirable; and is there anything more natural than that he should adopt the name of his former South American acquaintance. Do Castro ? Those who gave attention to the newspaper accounts of tho claimant’s trial, will remember how adroitly ho—fearing tho Crown might be in possession of the facts connected with Orton’s colonial career—makes the horse stealing happen in 1859 at Castlenmne, and represents the per sons tried and acquitted for tho offence as two in num ber—to wit, Orton and Castro. It is not true that Orton and Castro ware tried together at Castlemaine, for Orton did not leave Gippsland until May, 1859. The police records will show that warrants for the arrest of Orton were in the hands of the police at nil the stations in the colony, in June, 1859; that descriptions were given of him in the Police Gazette, and that no mention is made of aDe Castro, or Castro. I can also prove that Orton did not go ‘up country’ after leaving Gippsland, as I have in my possession a icages-book, which proves that he wont to Tasmania, and entered the service of a Hobart Town butcher, named William Ham, with whom ho remained until the year 1860, when he went to Riverina, and became known as Castro, a mail rider. Castro, the ex-mailman, was afterwards well-known at Wagga Wagga as a butcher, but no one heard anything more, about tho horse stealer, Orton. I am in possession of shipping records, newspaper extracts, photographs, and docu ments written by Orton, but I do not at present feel at liberty to disclose more.” From the above narrative, which, as before stated, is given almost verbatim, as it fell from the lips of Mr Le Sage, it will be perceived that be believes himself to be in a position to prove that the convict, commonly known as the “ Claimant” is really Arthur Orton. It wiU also be seen that Mr Le Sage does not pretend to say what became of Sir Roger Tichbome, though he authori tatively claims to be in a position to prove that the self dubbed Sir Roger of Dartmoor is tho actual Orton and Castro of Hobart Town and Wagga Wagga. 