THE RED HOUSE. CHAPTER IV, I rose early and was absent the greater part of the next day, engaged in surveying for our new line. It was nearly night when I returned to the Red House. Mark Voss, smoking a short pipe, was sitting on the doorstep. The door beliind him was open. A lighted lantern was placed beside him. " It's you is it ?" he said, as he moved a little to let me pass. "It grows uncommon dark, don't it. I thought it might be the master coming along ; and yet it did not sound like his footstep neither." " He s not in, then ?" " Not yet. He's Drettv sure to be late to-niuht. He's got work to d« — these assizes haye brought work into the town, after a way. It's a joke to think of his working, though, isn't it ? I used to work once. Now it's his turn; and serves him jolly well right. But to be called ' the master,' and to be obliged to work for the two of us — for such a fellow as me, as well as for himself — it sounds queer, doesn't it? But b/", must earn money somehow, you see, or WP shouldn't get along anyhow. He had a Rower of money once, to be sure ; but it's all "gone now. Still he is a scholard, is the master . It would be easy enough for liim to earn mqiiey if he chose. But he don't choose — that's where it is. He wop't work more than he can help. He's got a spell of writing to do now — just for a bit copying for the law stationers behind the market-place. These lawyers that comes down to the assizes always "wants copying done, you see. There's forever something turning up at the last moment, even after the trials begin — that they wants to instruct counsel about. That's what people tells me ; bless you ! I don't pretend to understand it myself — it isn't likely, you know. I only repeats to you what I've heard others tell on." ir.j. IT i v .lvlchk y oss was garruiousiy disposed. A certain good humour possessed him, the result, as I judged, of his potations. But what was this he was saying ? "The master" a sort of copying-clerk at the law stationers', behind the market-place ! I had been permitting myself all kinds of surmises about "the master" and Mark Voss, his man, but I confess this had never occurred to me. At first I had thought that he was insane, and that Mark was with him as his keeper. But now that seemed but an indifferent explanation of the case. Why, then, should Mark lead a wholly idle and unprofitable life, supported by his master ? What hold had the dependant upon liis superior ? Why did not the master rid himself of such a servant ? I could not make the matter out at all. "Don't you get trusting him," Mark said pre sently. 41 He's got a earning way with, liim when he likes. He'll make out that he's much to be pitied, very likely. But he's a bad lot, is the master — a thorough bad lot, take my word for it, and I'm one as knows him well — too weliq by a deal. He was a child in arms when I fww set eyes on him. It wasn t such a lucky day for me when I first met the master, I can tell you." There was the sound of a footstep. The master appeared, .advanaingte wards the entranoe, Mark rufittl ihe lantern, not to aid his master, but the better to we his faoe. "YcKtoi&QBft; of your luuaty tempere," Mid Mark, it's no use your denying it, for I can see it with half an eye. Ypur.faceisas whiteaa> a ghost's, and you're shivering as though yon had the ague. And what's that upon your hands — not Wood, sorely not ! I see it isn't — it's ink." This was not a pheasant speech, nor one likely to have a pacifying effect upon an. angry man,. The master s'cood glaring at his servant as though longing to spring at him. . " Stand harik j" cried Mark. "None of that. Don't try to come that game. I know you'd like to kill me if you dared. But take care ; we're not alone. There's a witness here. Stand hack, or it. will "be the worst for you." With an effort the master controlled himself. " There's money for yon," he said, and he f/ung at Mark a handful of silver and copper wins. Some of them struck on his face rather severely. " You know what you deserve," said Mark, holding up a threatening forefinger. " You de- nerve to be taken before the Judge sitting there in court. You ought to be made an example of, you ought. Hanging's too good for the likes of you. But the Judge would find some way of giving it you, I daresay. Justice would be done any hows. I wouldn't have to ask twice for it. " " Hold your tongue, can't you ?" ' ' Be civil then, or take care I don't drag you before the judge. He'd see. justice done me, in double quick time. And where would you be then, I should like to know?" I withdrew. Carious as I was in regard to the two men, I did not care to be any longer a wit ness and an auditor of their angry discussion. J retired to my own room, and having lighted a candle, was sitting at the table, on which I had unrolled a map, drawn on a large scale, of a "portion of the neighbouring country through nnr lino tmc fn T\a_cc f T \xr?L R Tinhpff in pencil the direction of the railway, with memo randa as to gradients, etc. " The master " entered abruptl7. Then, as though recollecting himself, he paused, and stood for a few moments with an irresolute air near the door. "I beg your pardon," he said. "I'm in truding upon you, I know. But, you must think all so strange here, and, worse than that, so shameful. I would explain matters if I could, but that can hardly be. For myself, it doesn't matter so much ; I'm used to it. But you must have been used to such a very different state of things. I really think that you'd — that it would be well for you to leave us. The Red House is no place for you. And Mark is such a scoundrel. You heard him just now ! I could have struck him dead for his insolence ; he de served no less. No ! I don't quite mean that, either. But it was hard to bear, wasn't it ?" " Why do you bear it ? Why don't you get rid oi him ? He is your servant, isn't he ?" " Well, yes. He's my servant, after a fashion. But you don't know how hard it would be to get rid of him. I can t well explain it, but it would l>e very difficult So old a servant, you see. I detest him, but I can't bring myself to turn him adrift." He spoke with a curiously evasive air. " Not but what it's too bad, a great deal too bad. He grows worse and worse. He's most .abusive, he's rarelv sober, and he won't do a stroke of work. I have to support him whether I like it or not, and I don't like it. But I take care to earn as little as I can, for the more I earn the more he wants. And he spends every farthing in drink. So I only work now and then, by fits and starts, as it were. I earn enough to keep body and soul together ; only that. But I've said enough about myself and t hat wretch, Mark. More than enough, you'll ' >e thinking. You're welcome here ; stay as long a you like for that matter. I don't grudge you the shelter of this tumble-down old place ; only, when all's said, the Red House is no place for you to be living at. What's that ? A map of the connriy ? It's on a very large scale." I explained to him the object of the map, and my occupation in regard to it. " I wonder whether Mervyn Court is marked down on it?" "Yes. I know it is. for I was there to-day. We're going to cut through the park." ' What a shame ! I mean I'm very sorry to hear it. The poor old park !" ' ' The house is a ruin. " ' ' Y es. It was nearly burned down some years ago." " You know it well ?" " Very well. I ought to. I was born there. It belonged to my family for many a long year. But what am I saying ? That is a very old story now. And so you're going to carry your line i nrougli the park WelL why not ? What's tiie park to me ?" He had now moved from the table and was Manding by the fire, leaning against the mantel piece. His face was in the shadow. It wore, I c<>uld see, a subdued and even pained expres sion. His voice was low and melancholy in tone, and lie spoke in a self-communing way. What's the park to me now ?" he repeated. " It was something once, but that's all over now. And the court-house— it was thought to Lr a line plaee, a show place ; people came from miles around to look at it. Well, it's a blackened ruin now -. like my life like mv life !" J He was silent for a moment. " I'm intruding," he said presently. " I've no right, I feel that, to trouble you in this way. Pray pardon me. When you go from here it is probable that we shall not meet again. I would only ask you to think as well of me as vou can. I mean, don't bear too hardly upon me. Al- 1 hough I admit it, I deserve my fate. Think vie mad, if you wilL I know my words must sound very strange to you. Think me mad. Per il ips that will be best. And so good-night, and good-bye." He bowed his head, and without another word strode from the room. I was left lnne tn mnsp over the strangeness of his speech. CHAPTER V. Mervyn Court had belonged to his family, so he had admitted. I had noted it in the course < if the morning. Of the house itself little enough remained, but there could "be no question that, Mervyn Court had been a very noble property. Who was this man then ? Was he the victim of a delusion ? No, there had been nothing as it seemed to me, of craziness in his discourse, al though he had bidden me think him mad. A loud knock at the door. "Come in." Mark Yosa entered unsteadily, for he had been drinking. He advanced in Borne haste, as though fearing to fall if he walked slowly, and stood half leaning upon the table and clutching the back of a chair, the better to support himself. ' ' ' The master's been here," he said,' thickly. " Don't deny it, because I heazd him tdklng. He thought I was asleep, but I wasn't. Now take care. you. - Dont yen have na dealings with him. Don't put no Gonfi- dence mTiim. Distrust him ; keep him at arm's length, or, as sure as fate, hell be doing you some mischief.1' " Nonsense !" " la it nonsense ? You'll not find it so." " What harm can he do me ?" " Every harm when the fit takes him. Murder, perhaps ; who knows ?" "Murder?" " Why not ? Can't you see murder in his eyes ? I can, times and oft. There's a red glare comes into his eyes, I tell you ; he means death to you if you will but let him come near enough. He's a murderous villain, if ever there was one." ' 1 You're mad to say so." Mad, am i ? A likely story. As it i aian t know the master after all these years. " " You 're ungrateful, then. Doesn't the master, as you call him, work for you, and keep you ? I don't often see you working. " " I take care of the house. And didn't I tidy up your rooms for you ? The master says you re to pay nothing for them — that it is his house. And so it is, that's true enough j it is his own freehold — the last scrap left him of his property. Still, you know, a poor man such as me likes a few odd shillings now and then to buy whiskey with, or 'baccy, or what not. He can't get on without such like. No, I don t do much work, that's true ; but I can't— it isn't in me to do much work. But I do deserve something for tidying up your rooms for you now, don't I ? And it's true what I told you about the master. He's all I said he was, a murderous wretch, if ever there was one. You don't believe it ?" "Frankly, I don't." " You don't believe he ever tried to murder me ?" "He doesn't like you, he hates you, very likely : but for wishing to take your life " Yah !" he cried, with an air of extreme dis gust and an impatient stamp of his foot upon the ground, "it makes me sick to hear you talk. Defend him, do ; pity him ; make him out a kind ef saint. Yet you'll have to hark back to the truth, after all And you'll know what he really is when you wake up some fine morning and find his hot, murderous hands upon you. Yah ! Why, look here. Doesn't that look like murder ?" As he spoke he bared his throat, roughly prilling aside his ragged beard, and exposed a long, angry- looking scar, left by what must have been a very formidable wound. It was hard to believe that a man could have received such an injury and have lived after it. "You mean " " That he done that. Now, mayn't I call him a murderous wretch ?" " If — " I began. "If ?" he repeated scornfully. "Have your throat hacked at like that, and you won't talk about ' ifs !' " I could say nothing in reply to this. My amazement was too great. "Perhaps you 11 allow now that I know more about the master than you do. Perhaps now you'll think that I have not had such an easy time of it, living alone with him all these long years, and not knowing what might happen from one moment to another. Perhaps now -cnrrll n\m T mav as utaU oc rrnfc IaL Viirn cm nti J WW. — — W " working to keep the two of us ; though, drat him, he'll work as little as he can, to starve me and spite me if he could. What, would you have me work for the likes of him ? No. I've done enough for him, and suffered enough for him, if it comes to that. As for getting rid of me, he couldn't do it ; if he tried never so, he couldn't. And he dursn't. I'd have the law of him. I'd have him punished for trying to mur der me. You see if I wouldn't." " But the man's mad." "Who says so? Mad? A kind of cunning mad, then : mad enough to commit murder, ana cunning enough to keep unhung for it. Mad, eh ? Don't you trust him. Don't you get nearer to him than you would to a tiger in a wild beast show ; or, leastways, have your pistol ready and keep your powder dry ; or have a sharp knife handy about you, for there is no knowing what may happen ; and may the Lord have mercy upon us ML And so good night. And, as L told you before, keep your door locked." CHAPTER YL I was in the neighbourhood of Mervyn Court on the following day. The ruins had the reputation of being haunted, I learned, and even the park was viewed as a disagreeable sort of place to be alone in after dark. The property Had belonged time out of mind to the Helston family, of whom, it was believed, there was now no survivor. These were "a wild lot, my informant stated, and had been so for generations. It was like father, like son, with them all. Something of a hereditary taint of insanity there might have been among them. As much had been many a time said of them at any rate. The old court-liouse had been the scene of many a strange event. It had almost stood a siege in Cromwell's time, when it had been pretty7 well battered about by his troopers and cannoneers. It had been restored, nearly rebuilt, about a centuiy later, after which time little of the original building, which was of Henry YLL 's date, could be discerned. The fire took place some ten years since. That was in the time of the last of the Helstons. It was said, and generally believed at the time, that he lost his life in the fire. But there came to be two opinions on the matter afterward. No one was forthcoming, however, who could plainly assert as a fact within his own knowledge that the last of the Helstons was yet alive. I had some difficulty in eliciting even this in formation. The old man with whom I con versed on the subject spoke with evident reluc tance. He was the village sexton, I think ; at aTl\7 rutn Iia 3 1 1 i i l — _ — — .ut me enure 11 Keys, ana conducted me over the church, being very par ticular to point out the many monuments in its chancel erected to the memory of various mem bers of the Helston family. It was clear to me that he knew more than he cared to telL He replied to my inquiries civilly enough, but his answers were but brief. Possibly he detected, what was indeed the truth, that the motive of my investigation could not pretend to be much more than idle curiosity. But I grew more and more interested, and pressed him with further questions. He became, perhaps, accustomed to the sound of his own voice ; he lived but a lonely life, it was clear, and gradually he was stirred to communicative ness. And then, one of my inquiries acted as a sort of password. Dc yoivknow the name of Mark Yoss ?" " What !" he cried with a start " Do you tow that name? Then Why question me tout Mervyn Court and to Helston family ? Voh know as much as I do about them, if noft-inra ' "No, indeed. I know little more of Mark Voss than his name, and the fact that he served the family for many years, although in what capacity I can scarcely tell you. " " He managed the boats and the fishing, had charge of the water meadows, and was a sort of under gamekeeper as welL The river runs through the park, as you can see for yourself any time. People call it ' the lake,' but it's really the river banked up and its course altered a little. There used to he very7 good fishing there, and it was Mark Voss's business to see about it. But he Was a very bad character, was Mark Yoss — a common, illiterate, evil-speaking and evil- looking fellow. Yet he contrived somehow to acquire great influence over the young squire. l ney were always Togemer, iwuu-nuvi-gwtu The squire loved sport ; he was never a lad that cared for his books, although, of course, he'd been put in the way of having a good education. But nothing would do ; he must be always hunt ing, or shooting or fishing. And his favourite, Mark, was ever with him ; although he was no fit companion for a young gentleman. But Mark was clever at finding sport for him, or what's called sport, vermin to be killed, or, may be, a badger to be baited, or something like cock-fighting to be ventured on the quiet. And there was smoking and drinking and riot ing until the court- house seemed to be turned into the worst sort of tavern, and as the neigh bourhood roundabout— I mean the respectable people, for some were willing to join in the reveling — cried shame upon young Helston and his goings on. But he wasn't in his right mind, that was the plain truth of it. There s been something wrong in the head of many of the Helstons. They do say that insanity was brought into the family by the Spanish wife that old Jasper Helston married beyond the seas, and treated so cruelly, after he got her up here at the court away from her friends. I should have thought him mad from all the stories told about him ; but no. they say the madness began by the children born of the Spanish wife. She. poor wretch, died raving in an asylum — there's no question about that. Well she might go mad, being cursed with such a husband ! But that s a long time back. The madness showed itself in the last squire before very long — he was quite a young fellow still — and soon there was rare trouble indeed at the court house. But you've heard the story. It made noise enough at the time." He was so confident that I was well informed upon the subject that it was with difficulty he could be brought to enter into any details in re gard to it. " There was a quarrel at last. It was only to be expected ; the friendship between Mark and the young squire could only end like that. I can't rightly tell you all about it, even if I was so inclined ; and I'm bound to say it's not a story such as an honest man need take pleasure in either telling over or listening to. They fell out ; it was about a woman, if you must know. Mark had behaved like the villain he always was. The squire was angry, jealous and violent ; he cried like a child, threw himself upon the ground, and writhed and grovelled there like one in con vulsions ; stamped and screamed with passion ; ctththi lvc avapv.1 i ,V» i n cr Via flapml "f.ViiiL Via would be revenged to the full for all the wrongs Mark V oss had done to him and to her. Then th mad fit took him. At least to my thinking, he must have been mad. " " Well — and then ?" "You know what happened. One morning Mark Voss was found in his bed, dreadfully wounded. It seemed impossible that lie could recover. He was insensible — speechless. The crime had been committed with a sharp hunting- knife. Suspicion fell upon the squire. It seemed scarcely possible that any other but he could have been guilty of the cruel act. His quarrel with Mark had only happened a day or two before. He had been heard to threaten him — to swear that he would have his life. Who could doubt his guilt after that ?" " He was tried for the attempted murder ?" " No, there you're wrong. He was never put upon his triaL Not because he was mad, stark mad — although, that would have been good reason enough for his escape. But — there was no evidence against him. " " Why not ! Mark recovered." " But he declined to say a word upon the subject. He could not be forced to speak, and he would bring no charge against the young squire. Without Mark's evidence no conviction was possibla From that time they were friends again, or seemed to be so, although there were nl aivla- sar flint. t.ViA tur/i lro-nt trrr>tVixiv \\\x cause the squire was mad, and Mark Yoss was his keeper. Anyhow, Mark fastened upon him — was provided for for life. While the squire possessed a penny piece Mark was sure of half of it, although it was freely said that they liat-ed each other, that not a scrap of the old liking now remained between theiu. So things went on again, very had and shameful, indeed, up at the court, when the fire came. It broke out in Mark's room. It was with the greatest difficulty that he could be saved, for his door was foimd to be fastened on the outside. However, he saved himself by jumping from the window at the risk of his neck. The fire was the work of an incendiary, so all agreed. It was the squire himself they suspected, though few cared to say as much. After that there seemed to be an end both of the squire and Mark Yoss. They left this country for good, and I can't say that there ' was a soul left to be sorry over their going away. " " Is it known what became of them ?" "Well, the squire was ruined over and over again. The property here was seized by his creditors, who put it into chancery, as I believe, and there it remained ever since. The squire, it was said, went abroad ; of course with Mark Yoss. I can tell you nothing more about htm for certain, i aon t oeneve ne s ever set foot since in the park here, though there's people to tell you they'e seen his ghost walkiug alongside the river, with Mark Yoss following him closely, pointing to the wound in his throat ; and I've heard, too, say that he's been met in the town yonder, strangely altered from what he was, yet still the same Squire Helston. I know the Hel stons did own an old house or two up in the town yonder, but whether he's really there or not is more than I can say. Only one thing is very certain. If Squire Helston's living there, Mark Voss isn't far off. He always stuck to the squire like a horse-leech ; and if they're both living, Mark Yoss is sticking (dose to him still, Ell go baiL That's all I can tell you, sir, about Mervyn Court, and the last of the Helstons. Thank you, sir, much obliged. Good morning, sir. CHAPTER VII. On my return to to town I packed up all my possessions and quitted the Red Souse forthwith'. 1 entertained a great reluctance to remaining there bnother night. " I raidM&rk; Yoss the five shillings rent I had rendered myself liable for. " The master" I did not see. He was at work, presumably at the law stationer's. Mark ex pressed no surprise at the suddenness of my de parture. He was civil enough, if he might have been more sober. I removed to a pleasant vil lage some miles distant and easily accessible by the railway. But my stay in that part of the I country was not destined to be of long duration. I was tempted to quit England by the offer of a very well paid appointment upon an Italian line then in course of construction. I was absent some five years altogether. I never again set eyes upon the Red House, upon Mark Voss, or upon "the master." Yet flomAfkinor T ftf fKptll I ha/1 been away six months or so when, studying by chance a London newspaper, then some ten days old, I found myself reading a para graph with the conventional heading of " Awful Tragedy — Suspected Murder," From the de scription it soon became clear to me that the scene of the crime — for crime it was beyond all question — was the Red House, and the victim Mark Voss. A dead body had been discovered in an empty red brick building in the immediate neighbourhood of the assize town of which I have written. The house was in a ruinous, dis mantled state ; it had long been an eye-sore and a source of annoyance and reproach to the authorities, who had, however, been without power to interfere, the house being private pro- pert7. The body exhibited signs of very violent treatment — was, indeed, cruelly injured. The peculiar circumstances of the case precluded the notion of suicide. The house had been deserted for some days before the police, upon the invita- tion of the neighbours, had been induced to force an entry7, when they7 encountered the dreadful spectacle of the dead body7. Two men, it was said, had resided in the house, but little was known of them. They had for some time been viewed with suspicion by the polics, who entertained an idea that they had been engaged in coining. One of the men. however, was stated to be of superior education, and to have from time to time earned small sums by "writing for the well-known law stationers in the vicinity of the market- place. The murdered man rarely quitted the house. It was supposed that his name was Mark, but no one seemed to be sure of the fact. The other man had disappeared altogether. The police had been busily engaged in making enquiries concerning him, and were understood to be upon his track. For obvious reasons, however, they had withheld from pub lication such discoveries as they had made. I read subsequently that an inquest had been held upon the body of Mark Yoss, and that a verdict had been returned of "'wilful murder" by some person or persons unknown. After that the matter seemed gradually to drop out of the newspapers, and to fade from public attention. The murder of Mark Yoss was added to the long list of unpunished crimes. The arrest of " the master," the last of the Helstons, was never ac complished to my knowledge. Certainly7 no further tidings of him ever readied my ears. — All the Year Rou?id. 