General News The Jewish celebration of the Passorer, commemorating the 3200th anniversary of th« departureof the Jews from Egypt commenced on the 8th inst., and lasted to April 17th. The Gazette den Tribunaiix states that 149 persons were arrested in Paris on New-Vear'sday, being so manifestly drunk that the most indulgent policeman could not avoid taking them up in spite of the laxity shown on those exceptional occasions. They were discharged when sober. The Paris Prexsa gives a - letter ftom the Isle of Reunion, dated the 14th of December, which states that a fall of rock and soil from the mountains in the district of Salazce, a short distance f om the hot springs, had buried 62 victims under a bed of dcbri-i 50 metres thick*. Nothing could be done to extricate them. The Arenir de la Vcnde states that, in consequence of the prices of everything having risen, manual labour as well as the fruits of the earth the Bishop of Lucon has decided upon a rise in the price of masses. The magg that has hitherto cost one franc is to be charged one franc and a half, and so on in proportion. A firm in Treves, Germany, manufactures fire-bricks of refuse tan just as it is taken from the pits. They are made in a simple manner, without special apparatus, and without being baked, and are said to almost equal the best stone-coal in flame, duration, and heating power. They appear to be nothing more nor less than dry tan faturated with gas tar. They are very heavy, and where broken the fracture is a brilliant black. They born at first with a bright flame, which gradually slackens, and at last they burn dead like coke. The reprint of the Ti?ne~' annual summaries fo» the last quarter of a century is a marvel in other respects than of cheapness and interest. A volume of 590 pages, it was set in type by lads working at two composing machines, and keeping up the rate of 2750 lines a day. They accomplished the task in ten days of eight hours each. The book was printed from stereotype plates in perfecced sheets, each containing 128 pages, which were thrown off from the. Walter press at the rate of 12,000 an hour. A fire broke out recently in a salt mine at Bochina, Galicia, over 900 feet deep, while an inexperienced assistant engineer was engaged alone cleaning the engine. The hemp he was using caught fire from a naked light in the mine. The assisart went away after an ineffectual attempt to extinguish the flames, which then ignited some adjacent woodwork. Two hundred men were saved, but three were left behind, and three others were killed in attempting to save their comrades. When the side gallery was opened in search of other men who might remain in the mine, the fire broke out more violently than ever, and the pit was aRain closed. Councillor Winderkienitz and Herr Kirdzek, mining inspector, together with two miners who re-entered into the burning pit, lost their lives. Eight lives have been as, lost far as is at present known. The Yokohama (Japan) Jlc.rald relates a remarkable occurrence which shows that some of the Japanese have an extraordinary capacity for withstanding the effects of fiery potations. An Osaka man offered a prize to any one who would drink one sho—one quart, one pint, and one half gill—of a certain native liquor about as strong as spirits of wine. A coolie performed the feat, but he died the same day from the effects of it. They buried him in a shallow grave, and about midnight the next day the earth absorbed the liquor from his well-soaked body, and he woke up from hia debauch. Pushing off the light soil that covered him, he rose from his grave in a white shroud and startled some robbers near by who were counting and dividing their money. They took the strange apparition for a ghost, and ran off in dismay. The coolie picked up the cash, and returned to his wife the some night, a sadder but a richer man than he was before his spree. J. M. Baker, a young farmer, of Bell County, Texas, was recently murdered by Tom Williams, a negro desperado, who was duly arrested tried, convicted, and sentenced to be. hanged. During the trial the court room was crowded, and when sentence was pronounced, and the prisoner was ironed and taken back to gaol, it wasopenly threatened that he should be burned, as hanging was too goad for him. On tVe 26th January a crowd gathered around the gaol and demanded to be admitted. The sheriff had gone home, leaving the gaol in the keeping of a deputy. The doors were opened, and a dozen men entered Williams was pointed out to them, and he was taken and bound securely to the back of a horse. The mob then mounted their horses and made off on the Bell Coun'y road about two miles. Dismounting in a patch of wood by the road-side, they bewed two mesquite saplings, fastened them together, making a stiff arch, to which they bound the negro by a chain. His feet were made fast to the undergrowth, faggots were collected and piled up under him, and then set on fire. He begged piteously to be spared, but his executioners knew no mercy. For nearly an hour his tortures were continued. The combined capital of the Rothschilds ia stated by Emile Burnouf, the well-known publicist, to have attained in the past year to the almost incalculable sum of seventeen billions of francs, or 3,400,030,003 dollars. The significance of these stupendous figures, says the " New York Sun," may be rudely conceived in comparison, but there is nothing in the history of private wealth with which they can be compared. The capital of the Barings the estates of Lord Dudley, the Marquis o, Bute, and the head of the family of Grosf venor, belong relatively to a humble category,, to which the city of New York has contributed the fortunes of Astor, Vanderbilt and Stewart. The financial resources attributed to the Rothschilds can best be measured by contrasting them with the funded debts of the richest countries on the globe. The capital of this house, as estimated by M. Burnouf, is about equal to the whole funded debt of G'reat Britain, or that of France, and considerably exceeds the national debt of the United States. A single century, or the possible span of one man's life, has sufficed for the accumulation of this fortune, and the rise of its authors from a shabby rookery in Frankfort to the financial domination of Europe. At the period of Rothschild's first decisive triumph on the London Exchange—the day after Waterloo, just sixty years ago—John Jacob Astor was already a rich man. The great fortune which the latter bequeathed is not believed to exceed at present fifty millions of dollars, while the inheritance of his Hebrew contemporary has been swollen to more than sixty times that 