Tnt Paxton ITurn A,-Tho Prineo o Im. porial Is of aver gv hplght, well mado, a;nd good looking, Ills ,taoth are extremely white and regular I his eyon'ato@ lnigd ?id bright, and of dark gray lile mouth In like that of the Empraei, While' thlb fret ol' hi fn'ao resem)iles that of Ils fathlier A maiel dark brown mouitnpl p Is by'gjgingy tp show itself on his upppr lip, 1ils vielus In full, sonorous, and woll fltted to' oobmmaed, 1i* is gay, imagnatilve, elegant, ,ant doee crWhe "pthpis r hlI YrJhnli " by ~ilon J ,,' ! who have bad an opportunity? of studyling him. He preserves all his school exercises and copy-books' in a small cabinet, and avers that he has "the greatest Pleasure in seeing them, because he is so glad to think he has not got to do them dyer again I' IHis daily round of study and occupation is extraordinary for one of his age. He rises at daybreak. and gives his whole morning to study. His professors-all. English come down from London to attend him, it having been decided that he should pursue the course of study as thouah at Oxford, but without leaving Chiselhurst. After lunch b'he rides out. He has three saddle horses. one of them heing Hero, the well. known sorrell of the late Emporor. Some. times, in fine weather, he walks with the Empress; who never posses a day without walking in.the park. He goes three times a week to London, to take lessons in fencing which is his great amusement, and he also practices the same at home with Coult Bassano, son of the Duke do Bassano, who was Grand Master of Ceremonies at the Imperial Court, and who had accompanied the Empress and her son in their exile. The household of Ohiselhurt, Ihowever, is directed by Count Cleary, another devoted friend of the Imperial family. Without being. attached to the British Army, he occasionally takes part in the drill of a hottery of artillery to which some of his Woolwich comrades belong and who regard as ai file the presence of the Prince at Alder. shliot. All whlo approach the Prince are charmed with him, regarding him as an exceptionally fine young fellow,fully equal to the claims and responsibilities of the high position that may not improbably be his before many years have passed.- Herald's "Paris letter." A STnexos Fesu -Ga-gnanai gives the following strange description of a new iolithyological curiosity. It says:-" M. Leortet has just sent to the Acadeny of Sciences an aouoent of a kind of fish of Lake Tiberias, whioh broods over its eggs (if we may say so) in a most singular way, viz., by keeping them in its mouth. The fact is not absolutely now, Agnas;z having remarked it in a species inhabiting the Amazon River. Sitico ithen, the naoropode has been brought over from 3hinn. These two species belong to the great g'oup of LaByrintho branchim, and Agasiiz main. tained.thatfishbes of that order alone could hatch their eggs in such an ahnormalbway, thanks to the sort of blind alleys existing hetween the gills, within which the eggs can find shelter. But the fish mentioned by M. Lortet does not belong to that family ; it is the crtomis pate'familias, a sort of Wrasse, the gills of which are not provided with the ahore ' blind alleys,' but are composed of simple lamelhform leaves, and have no special organ whatever for keeping the eggs or fry in their places; and yet the creature protects and nouri. shties as many as 200 in its mouth and bron chial cavity, and the strangest ciroumstance is that the mals alone undertakes this duty I When the female has laid her egs in a sandy depression, or among bunches of reeds, her.mate comes and draasstho eggs into its mouth by inhalation. This done, he makes them got between his gills by certain jerks shiol have not yet been well observed. The pressure exorcised by the lamel!o of.the gills is sufficient to keep the eggs in their places. Theor, in the midst oat the respiratory organs, they undergo all kinds of niotamorplhoses; the little ones grow rapidly, and seem ill at their ease in their narrow prison. They quit it, 'not through the gills, but by the opening the latter have toeomamunicate withl the mouth. There they remain huddled together in large numbers, like the grains of a paino. granate, The mouth of their affectiounato lpap is.thein so muuh distended that he is absolutely prevented from closing his jaws; his cheeks are swollen, and he presents 'thi oaddes 'aspect imaginable. hiiwm of the f?g,.tlhough"they have alttairied' i perlect biato, cotuinue to live in the bronohial ca vities, with. their heads directed" towordo the buoal oritice, but M. Lortet says he has u'evbr beo"' able to catch the' moment ol their leavin!t this secure birth of theirs. Though numerous, they stick to it' with pbrtinabity, and how they keep their :hold is still .a' mystery, as well as the period s'hon'tt~iy leave the ' paternal roof' to lead an ludependent lilb,." 'Tn? MULTAN AD SATiN.?-ThOro is an, Easturn story of, a ultuuan' who 'ov'rsluli, himspolf so as not to awaken at the hour of prayer.: So the devil camr and waked him' ied 'told him to pray, ' Who are yo'u,Y' ~sd tilo 'ultan, ' "h, no matter; rdeplicdti'oa other I my, not is good, is it notP No mat. tur.who does the notion, so long as it s 4Lbodi ..".Yes,' repliod. the' Bulali,(, but I think you '?ro Satdn,i I know your lace; you hEvoe sohio'bad `motive,' ' But,' says the other;' lasth not so bad as l tam lihiitod, You see I 'ltuv?,i'lle olf'i'?hlior'us aadiy! 'tail, I am a .pretty good fellowv,..after all. Iteas an.angel once, and I still keep some, of'ony origlan?lgoodnos?eu , That's till very; well,' replied ,tIoe sagaoious and prudent Sultan, 'but you are the tempter r thit's your busnesdi;'ihld' i wlsh toknow t ly you iant ne to lget utl. nid priiy.' Weull,' sold the du?vl, wit fliart of iapatilenco, ! if'you must; know,,.1 will toll you., I1' you lind slept and forgotten your prayers you would hare been sorry for it afterwards and punl. tent I but if you go on as now and io nuot negleot a singl'u prayer lor ten years, you Silll bb do batbllud wi'tt yourself that it will he worse for you'th itn'f you 'had midsaod one ocaslonally and' repented of it, ' God loves your faults mixod with puiltoanu more than your, virtues seasoned with pride,' An 3lcoc:NTIao GioeT.:'Tho London GObla says' thlitttloliu?tsi eliari reountly he. eanru nuals morey ritud'itnhiaqir nilfoaluta lions thaiu in iis ohl) thei, hltwrn thely al. 5nys appiu'ar i d ih 1tisa?ll? rb', arita aont hroulug tthe nsamnto' t ef 'reuryporf'oris. s!!ro:;n4 ribrao1; ai It is wall' )in'on, 'Inp1 ggdttýtilig'fjr ý4t r at t t{ýqt flib rge eani hIerielf to hiim i?nd'a comp`any of ad. miring spiritualists with the most charming freedom, not even flying from the glare of the electric lihght. He also granps myste. rilus hands, which fade away in the grip, sometimes leaving flowers in his possession. In'America n ghost ihas taken to displayine its presence in ways even more impressive Ihan those with which Mr. Cronkes has marde us familiar. Every reader of * Alice nn Wonderland" must remember the cat which astonishes the little lady by vanish. ing into space, its grin alone remaining. According to tile Netw York Timnes the gbhost which is nnwfliling Ameriann spiri tualists with delightful horror has taken a hint from this peculiar animal. It appears before "cireles" as a pair of eyes resemblinig halls of fire. Theso .eyes " float through the air of a crowded. room, and produce such a sensation among the spectators as no previous ghnost las over produced." Tldre is evidence that the eyes are not so. litary phenomena, hut belong to a body, for " the ghost. is in the habit of dropping into a lady's bed-chlmhber at untimely heaours, and of ciirying away the bed.elothes, and occasionally also the unfortunate occupant of the bed." Of course no one knows why the strane being should manifest itself by its oye 'alone. The fact is curious, but all religions have their mysteries, and this par tieular mystery is left unexplained by the spiritualists. A COmprehensive Preventive and Remedy. A medical preparation which so admirably regulates and invigorates the whole internal organism as to protect it against every hurtful influence, and which completely removes thle various cnuseswlielh give rise to dyspepsia, urinary complaints, rhioumatism, neuralgia, female disorders, and general debility', is certainly a most comprehensive preventive and remedy. This is the charoeter assigned by physicians to Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps, HoLLOwAY's OINTarnN AND ]PILLS.- At the present time it is necessary mauch watohfulness must be exercised, and the earliest evidences of ill hbalth im mediately checked, or a slight illness may .result in a serious malady, Relaxed and sore throat, diphtheria, quineey, coueghs chronic cough, bronchitis, and most other ipulmonary' affections will be greatly re lieved by rubbing this cooling ointment into the skin as nearly as practicable to tile seat of rmichlief. This treatment, atones simple and effective, is admirably adapted for the removal of such diseases during infanoy and youth. Old asthmatic invalids will derive marvellous ease from the use of Holloray's remedies, which have broughit round many such sufibrers, and re-estab= lished health after every other means had signally failed. The lleroeil of Monday ]ant gives the following epitome of suggestions received regarding the improvement of the Sydney water supply. Several of our correspon. dents have favoured us with their ideas of the best method of meeting the threatened calamilty of a water filmine. One gentle mati proposes that the Government should "at once employ an army of sail and tent makers, and sct them to work to construct a gigantio hose, long enough to reach from the Warragamba or Nepean to the reser. voir 'at' Paddington," to be placed on a wooden bhd just inside the railway line, If gravitation would not bring the water down then he would have a pumping engine area. ted and a largo tank of masonry constructed. In view of the necessity which he conceives to exist, ho, would have workmen pressed into the service from all private works in and about Sydney. Another correspondent advocateis 'milder measures. 110 slubmits that' if thereservnirs at BJatny were sunk a few foot lower than the surface of the ad. j?ining ocean, the water would percolate through the sand and flow perfectly pure into the reservoir-all the saline particles being retained by the sand, He points out that the experiment could be easily tried, and: the outlay would be small, Another gent]onian thinks that preossure and the filter principle, if rightly applied, could be made availaible to give us a never falling supply of pure o'fresh water from the water in the harbour., A fourth .ootrorspadont would dliponsb with physical moans to'pronure the long- wished.for rain, but urge all chliurches, fitmilicl, and individuals to unite in prayer. Yet another correspondent is of opinion that ant abundant supply might be obtained by ileabi of artesian wells, niid and he siugge't that at all events the experiment sltouldbbe triod of sinking ono such well, say on thie Flagstafl Hill,-' He thinks two a?p th·iorthousand pounds laid out' in, this way would he money well slibet, ast would ?ot tli quoestion at rest oither one 'ay or the other, Thle. growing woltlh of liverpool and of its citlzonn iseogmpliflad by the sums be. quoaZ'iy'e'sthiaeo i tiroihiadingmen of the *town,u1.who died during the past twolvo month ,; .It will boon seen from the follow. ing list that the legaioles of olght of those gCntmiol , represent ina the ,aiggregato. up. w'ards of' £4,000,000 OO,-lohcrt Gladstone 860 ,000; J' mlIugghton, £500,000 I rtielurcd Hot ouittnn, £,G00,000 .Oharles Turner, M. 1', £,Q( 00tf ,1ii·nl Tyror, £2tt0'0000; ]IJ, , IJu0s,£3i0f000'; , Itows, £40,000 1 and il. Dawsvon, l6tip00,000 UiooatUoN. :l tNi?tNsoanBe--Sir Jonlih M asn;cirbeently. tira atsum of £1100 00Dfaor the erouetion of it soleni llo colhieu ii ilirmjingliiimn, and Euhaequenltly a lurtlher smotl' between '120,000 and £110 0'0, It I ts'i?iov announced that ho il anlout to pro. oant h'e the sato inaetltution the unllre amontn tilultl: lieo, Iets, revoived. for hisa g ti lle pun factory' this will prolably Ih, .? 0ot0. 'Slel JdOlh hi e alroady built an orphanegeo nndnalsahu~ .in litrmingltum, at a out of.£di,t?OO lmoni Nota, pnA t.p4iorr'u li' Itºthi, int'nid1 OGOorge' oliiperd, eli'li'ed 'trisa Ohlti ln ile , but is a RIaliht by Ihe plloit in the sater ia the Oireular'Q, ty, wheure' hltd tplhuii odhih ý, I centipede, meoae tenlflig iehet in length, was caught in an hotel, at Tenterfield, crawling up a person's arm. 