WHAT 18 IT ? There resides in the neighborhood of Now Orleans a certain individual by the name of Tom Sudbu)y. His acquaintances, how ever, for the sake of brevity, have shortened it to " Suds." Not long since Suds, who usually enjoyed good health, was taken sick, so sick that lie was confined to his bed, Now there was nothing remarkable in Suds being taken ill, as this is a casualty likely to occur at any time to any one, but it is a remark able coincidence that Suds's favorite cat, while out serenading the night previous, had caught in various parts of his body about a handfill of duck shot, and had dragged him self into Suds's room, under the bed, into the clothes basket, and there yielded up the ghost. Towards evening the neighbors dropped in to see how Suds was getting on, generally cutting their visits short flout some unexplained cause. Such remarks as, "Old Suds is bad oil; I tell ye." 1' Don't feel quite well myself; pity he don't let some air into the rorom." " Wonder what's the matter with the old mnan 4" was freely interchanged. Tihe next evening the interest manifested in Suds's room became, if anything, intensi tied. Finally Suds, who, between the ex citoment, whispering, and the mellifuous fragrance diffilsed around'the room, had be. come really sick at the stomach, concluded to send around for Bud Thomas and Pete Scranton, to set up with him all night. To. wards midni"'ht, Suds, worn out. dropped off into sleep. Bud Thomas, seeing his chance, slipped out of the room, soon followed by Scranton. " Wot yer 'spose is the matter with the old man," said Thomas. "Dun' no," said Scranton. "' But blame me if he don't smell wuss'n'er than a dead buzzard." " Mebbe he's got the small pox," eaid Thomas. " Dun' no, " replied Scranton; " Mebbe he bhas, but I'll be dad swingled to dingna tion if I can stand it there much longer." " Well," said Thomas, ' let's go back and try and stick by the old man a little longer." Upon this Thomas and Scranton returned to the sick room again. "Bad," whispered Suds," after the watch. era had been in the room awhile. " I'm not going to last much longer, old boy; I've omminuced to mortify already. Reach un der the bed, old feller, an' gimme a cleau shirt to die ii." Bud Thomas complied at once with Suds's request. Reaching under the bed for the desired article, he pulled the clothes basket into the middle of the room. Plunging his hand among the clothes he pulled it out again with some celerity. "Wot's the matter ?" said Scranton, "Nothink's going to bite yer," and with that he reached in his hand and dragged forth the half-rotten cat. "Sweet Josepheus !" gasped Thomas. '! That's wot's been smollin' so. Oh, my goodness, I'm so sick !" "Great Jehosaphat 1 " howled Scranton, when he at length comprehended what was in his grasp. " Lemma out, somebody," and bolted for the yard, with teeth set close together. Thomas immediately followed and both were hastily joined by Suds himself. Now if any one wants to see green fire come fiom Suds's eyes, lot him ask him if he wants to die in a clean shirt. - Danbury News. 