THE municipal efforts at water supply have not been successful. At the bare mention of the subject there probably arises before the aldermanly vision, the ghosts of a patent water-lifter and two four-hundred, gallon tanks. Through a dusty vista may be seen a pair of horses toiling wearily along the street with a tank-laden dray behind them, and behind the dray an almost imperceptible track of moisture. Sueli was the Council's first. and last essay at water supply, and there were naturally some doubts as to the effectiveness of the scheaie. . Yet, situated as the town is, it certainly cannot be denied that water supply could be managed very simply, and at a comparatively, small cost.. The sister colony, Victoria, has a comprehensive water scheme in every town of any size, while New South Wales is in a perpetual fidget about the water supply for her chief city. Had we been anywhere else than in 2few South Wales we jshouljl have had a water supply years ago. In this case there are no abstruse questions of hydraulics to be considered. We have 'the river at bur doors, and all that ie required is required is a reservoir, say at Cuurch Hill, and a pumping engine. With the smallest possible expenditure, not only could the inhabitants bo given a plentiful supply of wholesome water but the town would have the "best practical security ;against a disastrous conflagration. ITnder the present state of affairs the inhabitants have to use for domestic purposes water that is poisonous to drink, and by reason of its hardness utterly. unsuited for. washing. Nor must the- very trivial question of expense be allowed any weight. A water-rate would speedily reimburse the "Government for'the cost of. the work, and in a short time the scheme would be payable. We maintain that in each ofthe larger provincial to wnsParliameiit should take immediate steps for a proper system of water-supply. It is but the .existence,of^^that indolent and utterly muddle-headed spirit which appears to characterise every,individual member of the Assembly, which has prevented -such -works being earried-out. Between "members who are corrupt, and members who are Idiotic, this colony as about the -most ill-govemed that «an be imagined. - The public convenience is entirely l<>st [sight - of in the greedy rush for office—for it.is in the desire for portfolios alone that members show any amount of' consistency. • .We are accustomed to hear the wealth and stability of New South Wales lauded to the skies. In very truth, she may well possess both these qualifications -for success, or she wouldlong ago have been: governed into ruin; What can .the past -ten years show in respect of progress ? A few miles of railway, which mulish Parliaments have /been goaded into forming. And yet this.-is- in.-a young- -country - which '.is capable -of progi'ess without hardly any assistances -.She 'would progress if left to herself, such, are her resources. Yet after tea-years of an inaction which is absolute retrogression, we haye sapieat fingers'pointing triumphantly ai; our supposed " pi'ogress." Surely it is time that these absurdities were ended, and s ! the people made ' a demand for honest legislation. Will the popular :eye„ for jgyei^blink,. mjldly, at the_ oft-^ - recurring ladies ?" Will the crafty timeserving humbug be always regarded by the public- -as Tan-, honest- legislator -? Surely no - reasonable excuse can be found for the neglect of so important a subject ' as water- supply.i Sydney^ of course, is to have Iter wants in''this respect: fiilly attended to, and why should not the. : ^provincial towns receive similar consideration. In nine .cases out of ten a simple system could .be-adopted which would 'soon repay its eost. • But assuming that the Government ; prefers to ignore our claims to consideration in this matter,, is; not the. idea worth 4he consideration of a private company 1 .The scheme, we repeat, would be a comparatively an expensive one to be launched: Willingly, we" are siire, would the inhabitants pay for wholesome and useful water instead of-the impure substitute which they now use. This, added to the feeling of security from fire, which, a plentiful water supply, always induces, would be quite sufficient to obtain a good reception for the speculation. When we consider the indifference of Parliament to local events, we must inevitably come to the conclusion ithat the matter must be left to private enterprise. That this has some objections we are aware ; and equally so . that siich a work -belongs properly to the Government. But when a Government is such a combination of sleepy stupidity as ours, how can we hope that our require- ments will be recognised? Better & private water company by all means than none, and the last will assuredly be bur lot if we rely upon the Government. 