Theatre Royal. MB EDWIN ADAMS AS « HAMLET." It has been well said that a thing of beauty is a joy for ever, and thus, when well represented, wo never tire of witnessing the masterpiece of Sbakespere. And sure we are, that no one tired last night at Mr Adams's impersonation of tho ' Princo of Tk»nTTi«rk. Dreiimv. lovim. itr.niiltntw nh. stracted, philosophical — it was from be ginning to end an admirable and well- worked out conception of the character,. In the first net Mr Adams rose to greatness. Nothing could bo finer than his acting in the apparition soenes, The reader of Sliuk- spero will remember, that after tho inter- view with Horatio, Marcellus and Bernardo, in which the story of the manner in which, in the dead wa3tc and middle of the night, the ghost of the buried majesty of Denmark had revisited tho glimpses of the moon, is so solemnly related, that Hamlet, when loft alone, thinks aloud thus : — My f athoi 'a spirit iu arms I all is not well ; I doubt eomo foul play ; would the night wero come ! Till tboa sit still, m- sou: ! foal deeds wid rise, 1 lough all tbo earth o'orwholm them, to men's eyes. It is from this, tho true standpoint, that Mr Adauis plays the character. Hamlet suspects his uncle. There is not sufficient evidence to convince twelve jurymen that murder has been committed ; but circum stances, which lead directly to the door of proof, wero quite sufficient to warrant Hamlet's suspicions. And, therefore, he is prepared for the awful revelation on the platform of the,casile at Eleinoro. In this great scene Hamlet is to the apparition what tho needle is to tho magnet. As tho spirit recedes, Hamlet glides away with it. Poor Walter Montgomery used to make a great mistake in this part of the tragedy. On getting to the wings, he turned his back on the ghost, and pointed his drawn sword at Horatio, Marcell3i,and Bernardo, as much as to say, " if you follow mo, death will be tho penalty.'' In the awful position in which he was placed, there was no room in Hamlet's mind for moro than tho nll-engrosBing idea which occupied it, "Now for the revelation I" That is the qnestion, And the way in which Mr .Adams worked this conception out was one of tho finest things wo over witnessed ou the stage. Picturesque in attitnde, breath less in expectation, intenso in voice and manner, tbo performance in this scene held the honso spell-bound. At some points the nctiDg was so lino that stillness was un broken for many minutes. This is the highest applause au actor can wiBh for, AH the soliloquies were admirably delivered. Mr Adams is a master of the pause. In the reflections on his mother's hasty marriage, aud the meditations on death, this powcrfu elocutionary requisite was employed to great advantage. The Ophelia of Miss Kate Douglass wns highly creditable. Mr Adams was called before the curtain at the close of every act of tho tragedy. Hamlot will bo repeated to-night, Owing to tho success of Mr Adnms in Hamlet, this tragedy will bo presented at the Theatre Royal on Monday and Tuesday evenings, whdti tho public will havo a further opportunity of' seeing one of tho grandest impersonations of the Princo of Denmark over soon on tho Melbourne hoards, 