DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From a Correspondent.) The Sisters of Mercy attend the church three times a week for the purpose of preparing the children for first Communion. The catechists appear to feel their beneficial influence and to profit by their instruction. The Sisters go every second Sunday to Eaglehawk to instruct about 150 children in the Christian doctrine. I may remark that the church there is a little gem of ecclesiastical architecture. It is built on an elevation which commands a view of the neat little township. The Catholics of the place have got together members for a choir, and have purchased a very fine harmonium. Great preparations are being, made at Echuea for the opening of the new church by the Bishop, to take place on the 25th June. The Festival of the Ascension was celebrated at St. KiliauV, on Thursday week, by a High Mass at 11 o'clock, at which the Vicar-General, the Rev. Dr. Backhaus, officiated as celebrant. The reverend gentleman's voice has lost nothing of its sweetness or power. Mercadante's Grand Mass was rendered by a full choir in the most creditable manner. The members of the choir, many, of whom gave their services gratuitously, spared no pains to acquis* a thorough knowledge of, and proficiency in their respective parts, and all those who attend or visit the church are struck with the ease and accuracy with which they render the most difficult pieces. In the evening the Rav. Dr. Backhaul preached a very eloquent sermon on the festival the church was celebrating. His discourse, • which was. listened to with the greatest attention, abounded in vivid illustrations from the Holy Scriptures, and practical truths suggested by the Fathers. On Sunday morning, at eleven o'clock, Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Dr. Backhaus, who also preached from the Gospel of the day, taking as his /text, "Thess things I have spoken toyou that you may not be scandalised.'" . The reverend preacher said that it. would Tiave been an aot of the greatest condescension for the Son of Godtocome amongstiis at all,..even if surrpunded with splendours iancl glor&8,<£f, he had coine amongst nt in the .midst of pleasures, and joys, and grandeur; but that he should humble i himself, and deprive himself : of his Majrsty, and heavenly delights and become like into a servant, becoming absolutely like the most humble of us in all things, save sin, was what the Jews, nor the Apostles either, could for a long time understand. But He came to wage war against sin and iniquity, against the power of the devil, ana against the world; therefore His life was not a life of pleasure and grandeur ; it was not a life cherished by the world, but it was a life of suffering, of persecution, ending finally in a cruel death. The Son of God came down from heaven to minister unto us, and to live in the midst of persecutions and torments, and to die on the cross, amidst the jeers and scorn of the multitude. The empire understood by the Apostles was one of this world, but Christ told them it was not to be so, that it would not be an empire of solace and content, but of trial, suffering, and hatred from the world. " I have many things to say to you" He told them, "that you cannot understand, but when the spirit of truth, the Paraclete, shall come He shall teach you all truth, therefore it is expedient for you that I should go." After the coming of the Holy Ghost, the Apostles understood what trials, sufferings,andmisery preaching the doctrines of Jesus Christ entailed as he fortold them, those who put them to death sang poeans of delight thinking they'd done a service to God. How many are there to whom the world is everything, and who do not understand how great are the advantages of eternity over the advantages of this miserable world; but to us it has been a familiar idea from our infancy that this world is nothing; we have been taught to side with Christ, with the Almighty. The Apostles soon understood the sublimity of the cross; they soon understood that there is nothing which cau compare in grandeur with that which the world considers the most foolish of all things; and thus they longed for the time when they would leave the world to gain the light of heaven. One ray of that glory being worth more than all the glory of this world. "To be least in the House of God, said the Eoyal Prophet," is more delightful than to be for years with the sinners of this world. And St. Augustine, who spent his youth in wicked and riotous living, said—"Oh God! what a pity I have begun to know and to love Thee so late." Let us pray then as the Apostles prayed, that this Holy Spirit may come upon us, and teach us what is right to do, and what is right and profitable for our own souls. Let us not cling to this world, to its allurements, its temptations, and its final ruin —let us not hunger after the fleshpots of Egypt; but let us pray to obtain the victory through Jesus Christ. At Yespers on Sunday evening, the sermon was preached by Rev. Father Moore, who in a forcible maimer drew attention to the wonderful changes which took place in the Apostles after the descent of the Holy Ghost, showing how they laid aside all their former weakness and want of faith, and never swerved from the path of duty. I regret to say Dr. Keville is suffering from a severe attack of rheumatism. 