SYDNEY LETTER. i [moil A COIUlKSrONDENT.] AH wits expected, nftor much talking timi ««ste of tiniu, tito Education Dill lilts again boen shelved, au hon. inomhor having discovered nt tile very last niomont that it had been brought before tho House in au informal manner, which, of courso was a very convenient way for all parties, especially tho liovorn liiunt, to got out of a ditlloulty. .On the whole tho debate wiU bear ginni fruit, as it has shown puoplo in their true colon», and tho dotlootion of many of tho lending lights over tn tho sido of tho Longue, while proving that tho days of Donominatioiinlisni aro numbered, also shows thnt ninny of our politicians ure not gifted with stable minds, nut note which way the winni blows before recording their votes, lt is to lie hoped that with this bill out of tho wny, tho House will see its way clear to do some public busi- ness. As yet, but littlo has buen done beyond talking and spurring, mid how business men eau sit nijht after night listening to thu rehashing of old speeches, and tlio dreary platitudes put forth by many of thu members, bents even tliuse luuuh-ubusuil public ser- vants, thu ruportura, whose pencils aro worn to the stumps in taking down speeches which, alas, are but seldom rend when printed. While on this topic 1 limy say that wo hnve not ninny ublu spunkers in tho lloiisu now, but thu admirers of one of tho ablest (Mr Parkes), determined not tu let his utterances bu lost to thu world, hnvu just issued a revised collection I of his speeches upon various public mutters within thu lust fuw yours, wliiuli lill ii voluiuo of -KM pages, und has been published by Mr (I. liubcitson, book- seller, of Melbourne. This is thu pruner way to encourage trade, and in thu absence of n I'lirlinincn tury Hansard, many other members of Piirliaiiiunt anxious to shine, might go mid du likewise, us it is too much tu uxpuut newspaper proprietors to till their papers day nftor day with what at thu best is rather dry rending to thu majority of their subscribers. Another dry topiu hus buen before thu public within thu lust fuw days in reference tn thu strange system of grammatical analysis as nt present taught in thu Public .Schools, which has been stated by learned authorities, snell us Dr. Lladhnui and others, to be n cruel waste of thu teachers mid pupils' time, resulting in a smattering of useless technical terms and n lamentable ignorance of thu English language, its etymologies and formation, or even its common uso mid meaning. 'Thule has already been sume warm work over the matter in the papers, and of course, if thu present system will not hold wntor, tho hotter \ way is tn abolish it. It is a singular met Hint oven amongst highly educated people nero, there is a ten- dency to let tho temper run away with the judgment, and thu "stabs" givun by the pou in some of thu corruspondoiicu published upon thc matter uro rather amusing, though it is n pity to seo now-n-dnys thnt educated people cannot argue a point for n few minutes without fusing their temper. However, wc , aro now gotting so dreadfully polished mid particular thnt much nf thu pith is taken out uf everything, und, haunted by thu ghost of grammatical analysis mid public criticism, tho futuro of thu writing men nf this colony looks very dubious. Those who have been j behind the scenes-thu printers-know thnt this analysis or touching up soutenues is ti sad stumbling , block with many of our authors, who, if permitted, i would polish und polish until but littlo of tho original manuscript wns left. Muuy of our grout English j public writers have also been sadly haunted by this ' skuloton, and thu rending public littlo know the caro mid trouble bestowed by both nutlior mid printer ilium liuiiiy of tho word pictures set liefere them. With regard to the present Electoral representation of thu colony, I note that thu papers hero aro advising the " rest and caution " policy, so mitch thought of in Queensland by a prominent member of the Legisla- ture thole, ii fow years since, lu au article upon tho proposal to bring in n new Electoral bill, by a private member, tho lirlio says :-" We cannot say that in practice thu lack of representation has been a very serious misfortune to any constituency. Wc do not know of a single casu in which tho want of members can be said to have been tho cause of any real or imaginativo injustice dono to constituencies. If tho Clarence ¡iud Itiohuioud district, for instance, hud four representatives instead of two (; ono) there would have been no greater likelihood of a vote being passed for a railway from Grafton to Tontorlleld. Tho real dilliculty in gutting that voto has been the result nf tho surveys ; tho grunt cost of the work compared to its probable value, and tho evident opinion in tho country generally that thu money might bo »pent to moro advantage in other directions. Ko doubt it is a great blow for any district to feel that a work it is asking for has to bo postponed for tho presold, that it is not so important to tho country as it appears tn be to thu district in particular, and that whilo they think they have a chum they must learn to wait. '' And after summing up tho present state of political all'airs lands thu reader at tho conclusion that matters in thu political world at present aro in a sad state of muddle. Cf course, this is just a .Sydney view of tho question, and it is not for nie to say whether tho outside con- stituencies will endorse those statements. An interesting, but rather incomplète return of tho gold produce ot this colony has just been made pub- lic, which shows that during tho year I87.1, '201,77U ounces were received !>y escort, of which I "ill,211 ounces were from thu western, 42,-lu7> ounces from tho southern, amt (IHil! ounces from thu northern districts, showing n falling off nf ,'18,Mf) ounces, 47(1 minces, and 2108 ounces, from tho western, southern, and northern districts respectively, upon the returns for tho year 1874. Tho value of gold from several liulds luis also decreased, ns in 1874, thc richest gold emile from Tamhnroora, mid was vnltied nt£.'t lt's .'ld nn ounce ; hist year Burrangong headed the list with JU!! 18s iud. During; 1874 thu Mint receipts for coin- age purposes amounted to fifi 1,04(1 ounces ¡ the coin issued wns valued ut £2,0,'ifi,b'l 1. Last year's re- ceipts were 017,484 ounces ; coin issued, 122,000 sovs. The total quantity of gold coined nt tho ?Sydney brunch Mint from its establishment in 18ñTi to Hist December last wns (1,021,4lñ ounces, valued at ,C2.'), 1011,7:12. y ut so bad for one industry ¡ but lifter nil, it is questionable, in some cases, whether the cost of gutting tho gold is not grouter tlinii thc amount afterwards obtained for it. Complaints have appeared in the papers hero with- in thu last fuw days, of interments in thc cemeteries situated within this crowded city,-tho dilapidated mid tumble-down appearance of one or two of which are enough to givu a person thu blues when jiassing by them, as the tottering tombstones, black with age, aro fulling into thu earth, mid crumbling walls give freo access to the goats or othor quadrupeds, wliilo perchance soinu inebriate, tired of thu bustle nf thc city, mid afraid of tho police, seeks shelter therein, mid with his head upon a tombstone rust» his weary bonus. Talk of meditations mnongst thu tombstones ; much might bu written upon some of thu old churchyards mid cemeteries in this city, where sleep tile remains of many ol' those who helped tn lay tho foundations of this colony, und ployed prominent parts therein, while thu rustless crowd of evurydny lifo sweeps by, and know» and caius but little for thu histories of those who mu gonu buforu thuin. Tho cemeteries ut Haslem Creek, a fuw miles out of town, aru very nicely situated mid well kept, mid contrast- ing them, nnu is forced to ask whothcr mir city eutuuturies could not bo better kejit, mid » hilo no burials should bu permitted therein, ut least some respect bu shown to thosu who have fought tho linttlu of life, mid who, no doubt, in yours gone by, lind sorrowing relatives mid friends to follow them to their last resting placo, mid decorate tho now mouldy tombstones mid sunken graves with Howers. lu spite ut' thu Dog Act mid thu I'uliuo regulations in this city, thu number of thusu interesting com- panions of niau have much increased of lute, mid ns sovornl instances hnvo lately occurred by which theso pets have exhibited a decided antipathy tu thu human fnrin divine, a raid is now being iiiadu by thu police upon thu owners or keepers of savage dogs, soinu of whom have been heavily llnud-ii vury dusimblu statu of things, aa in thia dry hot weuther it is very nnplca snut to bu brought up suddenly when taking u walk, ! hy sntnu usuless specimen of thu untiitiu species nbout I ns big ns a young bullock, who show» Ins teeth ami I growls about thu want of food anil water, (hushing up I by making win k for thu tailor mid dnutor upon your j person. I As thu dry weather still uunlinues, thu Corporation ; nllicors uro bringing coiisumurs tu hook who allow water to run tn waste, aa ninny na twenty-four per- sons being lined tho other morning for this uH'oncc. lt cnn hardly bu urcdited that whuu so ninny jieujilo mu sulfuring from thu want nf this essential nf life, mid thu supply hi thu llotnny ilnms only reckoned nt sixteen days' consumption, others could hu found so insnnu or enrólese us tu allow it to run to wnstu-but such is thu fact. It is pleasing to lenin thnt, consequent upon tho exertions of Mr .1. K r'nllim, our Australian wines aro rapidly liudlng favour In Iiulln, Lingo orders hnvo boen recoived fruin that country, mid are nnw being exuuutcd nt thu cellars ill Albury. I'urhnps your vlgeriioiis might do worsti than limit in the same diruu tina for a market. . Mnroh 2,1. 