A RAILWAY ADVENTURE. i I NEV£B saw euch a change in a man in my life ! When we last met, Jock-well, I mu>t not give ! his real name, cons-.dering wliut I am going to I relate, so I'll call him .lack 1'jllunt-WAR, OB hs I bad ever been since T knew him, one of the I lightest-hearted, cheeriest fcllous tn the world, full of fun, and up to everything;, and as gentle and tender as a woman, with the courage of a lion. And now, what did I find him ? Even' though but three months had elapsed, lie had become a grave, dejected, saddened man . in a word, hardly recognisable, cither mentally or physically. I was shucked, and of course he saw that. 1 was. lie enme tn sec me, indeed, the moment he heard I was in town, that I might learn from Iii« own mouth what had t happened, instead of at second-hand. I jock hud ulways bern more or less a spoiled boy- only SOUB arc always more or ICSB spoiled -and having lost hie mother whon quite a child, it was not wonderful that his poor old dad made much of him. But ho had taken the spilling kindly, and, beyond making him perhaps a littlo idle and thoughtless it had done him no harm. There waa no vice in the fellow ; ho spent, more 1 money than he should, but many young soldiers ' do that, without coming tu much grief iu the ; long-run ; and His father, a soldier before him, Í regarded thc failing leniently; paid IH'B bills, and ' I looked pleasant. Beyond adding that he was a rather short, dapper little fellow, I need not say much moro about him ; I have only to try and put into coherent ahope Hie strange mid tragical business which had so fearfully altere! him. His account of it was so disconnected, and sn falter- ing at times, through the emotion which the recital cost him, that I make no attempt to reproduce his story in his own words, lt all happened in a railway carriage ; and though we have had enough and to sparo of talcs of murders, robberies, strange meetings, ghosts and lunatics, which have had a railway carriage at their place of action, I venture to believe that there is still something novel in the circumstance which led to my friend's sad transformation. He wat coming to town one autumn evening for a few day's leave from Ounnersliolt, where he was quartered. I caa see him OB plainly as if I had been there, springing into the first earriage that offered room, without regard to who was in it ; for he wat thc least fastidious of men, without the slightest of * haw-haw ' pride and nonsenee, or that stand-off-ishness of manner, too usual with men in his position ; ready to make himself happy wherever be was, or in whatever company. Fond of talking to everybody, liking to draw them out, as he enid, and studying character with the full conviction that there wat something to be learned from everybody j duffing and laughing, or sympathis- ing and helping according to the occasion. Why, 1 have seen him helping a mother or nurse with half-a-dozen childred in charge, as if he hBd been a 'Paterfamilias, dandling the baby, or chucking it under the chin, or squeaking at it, tickling tbs little boys under the ribs until they went into fits, or making the little girls lough with bis comical stories end humorous ways. Quite at variance, indee'd, was the private life of Jack Pallant with that of the ordinary British soldier; h¡B brother-officers were oftentimes eghost at bis proceedings, until they came to know and like him. Therefore, I say, I picture him taking the first seat that offered, and ready to talk to any one in the carriage who would talk to bim. Butit so happened, it appears, on this occasion that hs got into an empty carriage ; at least he thought eo, for it wat twilight, and be did not observe for the first moment the figure of a woman, seated in a farther corner, dressed in dsrk clothes, and thickly vsiled. The sudden discovery that he was not alone rather startled bim for a moment, and it may be, as he said, that the evening before having been a guest-night at mes«, bis nerves were not quite up to tbeir USUBI tone. He was not the lad, however, to be long in such a situation without making some remark to his fellow traveller, though in this cate an unusual hesita- tion to do so came over him, owing to ber mys- terious appearance and extreme stillness. The betwaen-Ughts or the carriage-lamp and the evening sky prevented him from discerning details ; but there ehe sat, perfectly rigid, and with not a vestige of her face visible, through the thick blsck veil. .Ahem! ahem I1 he said at list, shifting one swat nesrer to ber and nearly opposite ; ' I hope I have not intruded on yon ; I thought the ' carriage waa empty. I may be disturbing you, I fear.' He would say anything, in a random sort of way, to break the iee, as he called it. No answer. A long pause. ' Very singular,' he thought ; and he moved to a seat exactly opposite to the figure, making another common- place observation. No response, or any move- ment. 'Asleep, I suppose,' he eaid to himself; and he sat, quietly watching her, whilst the train rattled on for a mile or two. A station was reached, and a stoppage made, with the usual accompaniments ol screech, and whistling, and slamming of the doors, but without producing any change in the pasture of tbe occupant of the opposite corner. Tbe train again moved on. 'Can't be asleep,' be muttered. ' What's the matter with her ?' The window was close shut j be let it down, with a tremendous clatter and bang, remarking tbat 'he hopsd es the evening was fine, the weather warm, aud the carriage close ' (for he declared to me tbere was a peculiar ordour hanging about which struck him from the first), 'she would not object to a little air ?' Still, no reply. Then he eaid : ' Ho feared abe waa not well ; would elie like him to pull the bell for the guard, and bare the train stopped again ?' Bat nothing he could eay or do elicited any sign of life from her. Jack now became seriously uncomfortable and alarmed on her account. Be thought she could not be asleep, but had fainted. Suddenly it crossed his mind that she was dead I Night had now closed in, but as the last tinge of twilight faded from the sky, tho carriage-lamp gained ite full power, and revealed every object more plainly than hitherto. Jack leaned toward the motionless form. A lang black veil, frilling from a olose-fitting bat like bonnet, enveloped nearly tbe whole upper part of her figure ; indeed, on close inspection, it hardly looked like an ordinary veil, but more like a large black silk handkerchief. Her drees was of common black stuff, much worn and frayed, from amidst the folds of which appeared the ends cf a piece of rope that must have been fastened round her waist ; ond one band, encased in an old ill-fitting black glove, lay plaridly on her lap. Full of uncomfortable sensations, Jack was about to lift the veil, when, for tbe first time, tbe figure moved ; its other hand stole slowly from beneath the folds of the dress, and the veil was gradually lifted, and thrown up over the head. Involuntarily my friend shrank back into the corner of his eeat, for a face was revealed to him which no one could have looked upon with- out a sense of awe. It waa that of a woman somewhat paBt middle age, thin, haggard, and pale to a degree which only death could parallel. The features, finely chiselled and proportioned, shewed that at ODS time tbere must have been supreme beauty, whilst, though the iron-gray bair looked a little dishevelled and j unkempt, the glance of the eyej waB steady, calm, and determined. I In this glance lay, chiefly, the awe-inspiring I exprcsiion of the face, for, in addition to the penetrating look, there wae u persistency in it, i and at the same time a fascination, quite j terrible. It flied itself upon Jack from tbe : first moment that eye met. eye, and for sevonl ! minutes not. a word was spoken on either side. Presently, however, be tried to pull himself together, and to assume his usual light-hearted manner, which bud thus for a minute been eo strangely atm unusually disturbed, and he said briskly ; ' 1 beg vour pardon ; 1 was afraid vou were ill.' She gently bent her bead, hut spoke not a word, nor withdrew lier glance. He felt more ond more that, it was costing him au effjrtto bo himself. Uer slow, stealthy, alheit lady-liVo demeanour added greatly to the effect already pcoduced, and u curious sensation was gradunlly creeping over him, that -impossible as it might seem-that face w.is not strange to him. Little as he, with his temperament, was given to "pcoulation or introspection, ho found himself rtriring to look back for some event or circumstance in his life which might give him a clue. Had he erer dreamed ot such a face, or had he seen il in childhood ? Be »us puzzled, tiffctcd, quite put »ut. And still the deep penetrating eyes were fined on his, piercing as it were into his very soul. And tim hinds! what were they doing ? Toking oil the gloves as with a set, deliberate pur, rae; and the long white, thin, almost cluw-like fingers worked strangely and nervously; slowly cloding and opening upon the palm, as il preparing to grasp something. Again, lie strove to throw off the unpleasant, unusual sensation which had crept orer him. 'I can't stand this,' be thought ¡ 'I was n»vor »o uncomfortable iu my life! I must do something, or suv something to put a stop to this, to uj;.kfi her tnko her eyes off mc I' Be moved abrubtly to the farther corner of the carriage, and to the eame Bide on which the woman sat. ' I'll try and dodge her in that way,' be said to himself ; ' she ehull not sit and glare at ine in this fashion !' But elie too immediately shifted her place, and, rising to her full height, which was very groat, went over to thc seat which was exactly opposite to him, never for one single second dropping ber eyes from bis. Be looked out of window with a vague notion of getting out of the carriage; when suddenly, passing a little station which he recognised, but at which the train did not stop, an idea «truck him-an idea ofter his own heart-a comic idea! He availed himself of it on the instant, and assuming an ease which doubtless sst ill upon him, and which be was far from feeling, bo pointed with his thumb back towards the station they had just past, as he said mysteriously in a hollow voice : 'Bo you know that place P' She seemed to answer in the afllirmative by a slight inclination of the bead as before. 'Ah! you do. Good! Longnoor,' ho went on ; then I don't, mind telling you a secret.' He paused. (TH frighten her,' he thought.) 'Criminal lunatics,' he said aloud: 'lam one of them. I have juBt CBcaped from there !' He leaned forward, as if to impress her with his words ; she also bent forward until her lips almost touched his ear, as she hissed into it : ' So have I !' Witb what bad already gone before, this put the finishing touch ta jack's uneasiness of mind. It was not, SB be said, tim mere presence of the woman, or the revelation which hui joke had elicited, which scared him, though the circumstance in itself might be unpleasant enough. * I should have fsoed it right away from the first, as any man would have done, bad it not beenforthe remarkable influenceherfaceand look had upon me ; that unaccoi ble feeling that she was no stranger to me, .1 was, that unnerved, end even appalled me.' No sooner had she uttered the words, ' So have I;' than Jack sprang to the card com- municating with the guard's van, for be felt their truth, and saw in them a key to the whole mystery. But ere hie hand had reached the cord, ehe had seized him round the waist with one arm as with the grip of a vice, and at the same instant he felt one of those terrible hands at his throat. Every effort to release himself was fruitless ; her strength seemed superhuman, and wes as far beyond his as wae her stature. Her face glowered close down upon his now, still with with the esme fell expression. ' The only thing I could have done,' went on Jack, in describing the scene to me-and just here, he shall speak for himself: ' the only means by which I might perhaps hare made her relax ber told would have been by aiming one or two tremendous blows with m j right fist (which was at liberty) st ber face. Had it been a man's there woola hare been no hesitation ; had it been indeed tbat of an ordinary woman, at such a pan I should not hare hesitated to strike her, to stun her, ii I could, by any means ; but that toss that face, that I seemed to know so well, yet so mysteriously, I could not raise my hand against it, end, aa my arm swung up with the first impulse, to deal ber a blow, it fell helpless by my side. Tain were my efforts to get lier hand away from my throat ; there wai a terrible swaying to and fro for a minute of two, I felt the grip of tbe long fingers tightening, and myself choking. Suddenly we fell, tbs whole carriage seemed to be falling- ibero waa a fearful jerk or two, a strange upbearing of the floor, a tremendous rattle and crash-I appeared to be thrown headlong to some great distance, and -all was darkness !' Tho termination of that deadly struggle was brought about in a manner as marvellous and unlooked for as could well have been imagined. Some fifty SOUIB, say, were travelling in that train; all, eave one, in apparent security. .Tack's life alone was in danger. When, Io ! by one of these marvellous coincidences which do happen at times in the supreme moments of existence, the rescue came, but at the cost of many a life, which, but just before, would have seemed worth treble the purchase of Jack's. At the very instant that his might here depended upon ano'her tightening grip or two from the hand of a maniac, a frightful catastrophe occured to the train. The tire of an engine-wheel broke, and - half a dozen carriages were buried down a steep embank- ment. The scene that succeeded is, un- happily, of too common an occurence to need more than a word of reference here. Seven passengers were killed outright ; double that number slightly or badly hurt : thc remainder escaping, as by a miracle, with nothing worse than a severe shaking. My friend was amongst the shaken. He had been thrown clear of the debris, on to a grassy spot, half-bank, half-hedge; empha- tically, hie life waa saved ! At length, aa a sickly dawn was beginning to appear he endeavoured to discover the spot where the carriagchehadoccupiodhadfallen,and to retrace his steps to the place where lie found himself lying after the catastrophe. By this time fae had made himself known briefly to some officials that a woman was missing, who had been in the carriage with him, and one or two of them followed him in his queBt. He scrambled through tbs hedge, and there, on the opposite side, on the eloping bank of a ditch, he beheld, lyiag quite still, her dark unmistakable form. Tie ran forward, and bendirfg over her, and looking'down upon the marble, upturned faoe, san- at a glance thar there was nothing dangerous «bout her now ; those terrible eyes were closed for ever ! One of the surgeons here came hurrying up, in answer to a summons. 'Good heavens!' he exclaimed; 'hero she is, then, at l»st! Why, elie muBt have been in the train. How on earth did sh» manage it ?' ' TC bo is she ?' inquired Jick earnestlv, with a stranen return of the old en< xplie.-ible sensation. 'Whi is she? Tau appear to know her. Pray, tell me.' 'Oh, one of our inmates: she got away yesterday morning; no one knows how,' was the answer. ' You aro from Tjongraoor, then. How long I has she been there P What is lier name ?' I ' Oh, elie haB boen there upwards of twenty j yenrs, I believe ; long before my time.' * Ah her name?' 'Upon my word, at this moment, I can hardly,' went on the doctor, mechanically passing Iiis fingers over one of the pulseless wrists before him, and with a calm hesitation which contrasted strongly with Jack's earnest impetuous manner-' I can hardly remember. I think she was committed for the murder of her > own little girl. It was a ead case, 1 know. Ah ! her nome ; I have it,' went on the doctor euddenlr : ' ber name was Pallant-Rachel Pallant.'' Jacik sprang from the kneeling po«'nre in : which he was, as if lip Ind buen n'mt. Why, tint was bis own dead mother's name ! But pshaw ! what of that P Well, it was rathor a startling coincidence; th.t was all ! Ay, but was it all P Indeed, no. The inquest lcd to a revelation. That inquiry fully explained what had been the nature of the I influence which the weird pale face and strange f presence had had upon my friend, j Tho strong but subtle link which no time or absence can quite sunder, existing between i mother and eon, had made itself felt the instant ; those two eat face to face, for the unhaupy I woman was indeed no other than Jack's own ! mother ! ! He had never been told ; in fi ct, it had been ' carefully kept from hit?1 : why run the risk of clouding for life that bright and happy tempera- ment? He was only four years old when the ' dreadful business happened. Hence he had I scarcely known a mother's ca'c; she wu. Hst to him, to the world, HB completely ns if sue had died. Nay, dead would have been a mercy by i comparison, and it was genera'!y i.ssutned that she was demi ; only a few very intim-ite friends knew the (ruth. The poor lady's mind had given way suddenly after the birtii of a child, who did not live. Within a week, the homicidal mania possessed her : by the merest chance elie had beep prevented from committing some frightful outrage upon her little boy, my poor friend Jack ; and restraint not having boen put upon her in time (for ber malady had hardly been suspected, so unlooked-for waa ita ap- pearance), she consummated her deadly propen- sity upon her eldest child, a girl, fifteen years of age : killed her, in a word BS she lay asleep. And here, after a lapse of twenty years, was the climax and end of the tragedy, as dreadful as anything that had gone before. The order for releäBe, whenitcama,'broughtwithit as much euffi-ring (to bli but one) as had the other for captivity. No wonder that Jack was an altered man : 1 have never seen a smile on bis face since -though I trust that time, with its healing in- fluence, may at least soften the blow. diambers's Journal. WEST kind of sweetmeats were therein the Ark P Preserved pairs. " DOES this razor take hold well ?" asked the smiling barber. " Yes,'- replied the unhappy victim, " it lakes hold well, but it don't let go worth a cent." A REMABKABLE OFFBB.-A coloured man living on Fort-street east has a sign on his bouse reading, " Meals for eight cents." The sign attracted the attention of a hungry man of colour the other day, and he steoped in and said ho would have a dinner. A slice of bread and a bowl of water were placed on the table, and he was told to draw up. " What sort of meal is dat?" he demanded, drawing away instead of drawing up. " Dat'» an eight cent meal my friend." " I isn't prepared to squar' ofTin front of no such dinner," growled the stranger, getting out of doors. "It isn't no festival, dat'« true," replied the proprietor, " but when the price is limited down to eight cents you must spec de food will be limited down to about two courses. Dar's bread and dar's water, and is you want to make it 10 cents, I'll put on the pepper-box and a knife and fork."-Detroit Free Frees BOCEHSVPTOII.-Printed by O. H. Busioorr, sole pro- prietor, at tbe Bcu.ms steam printing Offloe, Ventuun-atreat, December 2,1676. 