THE REFORMATION IN MEXICO. The New York Churchman contains . the following interesting statement !' The Protestant Reformed Church in Mexico looks upon the Protestant Episcopal Church in America as her fostering mother. It is well known to Churchmen that the House of Bishops, during the last session of the .General Con vention, received application from these " Old Catholics" in Mexico for tlie .Episcopate, they having certified to two of tlieir'. number as haying been elected Bishops. A commission . of : seven was appointed, .consisting of the Bishops ! of Maryland, Delaware, Ohio, Pennsylvania, ; .Western New York. Pittsburgh,;; ahd-: Long j Island, to care for .this Mexican; Church,. .and; full power was granted them whon they saw fit, j to . presont the candidates to the ' presiding j Bishop for Episcopial 'consecration. ; The testi- : .monials which had been prepared by the Mexican! (Church, were deemed by. the Bishops to ..be; scarcely an equivalent of the formula under; which our own Church had received tho Episcopate, and they therefore' recommended: that further testimonials be supplied. This; haying been done, the foribal reception of ' the j same will probably soon be made : by the coin- j. iiiission of seven, and their consent, given to; .the 'consecration of the Bishops elect ;; and in! a;short time we hope to annoimce the time, and: place of coiisecration 'of the first ' Reformed ; Bishop of Mexicb. ; This is joyful news for the. Church . in this country. The Liturgy of the: Mexican Church is. not the same as ours; though: in all' essentials! ((of ' doctrine;' '. worship, and; discipline, the tiyo bodies are iclentieal. Nor is| it" requisite that " the .formulas, should be' the; same ih the two !Litiirgies. ' 'The; !Chureli iff Mexico is ' simply, reforming itseff— -shaking off- tlie" yoke of .'Rome. . ' ' ' , With propriety, 'this newlyrefbrmedv Chiirch! looks to us for orders. England 'concedes :. this, for, thoiigh the , British and' Foreign: (Society, sent to' Mexico the /bibles which ,. initiated; the; movement, she; has sent ' no missionaries, ; and held ho services within the," tetiitory;: ; A;, great work lies before usi ; ; Through this opening door of - Mexico, a;> way ;/ Is (.madd for reaching South America, .and'thataccompbshed/Spainivdll feel the majestic ; A brief 'review .of thb;' work 'already accom-; plished, and ah ' account of/th'e lab'ours' of the Bishops elect wnU not be amiss. " An interesting description', of; the /".Reformation inj Mexico," by Bishop Lee, of Delaware, appeared last year! . in the Anierican ..Quarterly. Church Review ,; mitten; . after his return from 'visiting' this Mexican Church. That was' a memorable day for, that body of faithful Christians— February 24, : 1875, when the first ordination by an American; Protestant Bishop was held in the old convent chapel of San Francisco. ' Let such as find significance in numbers, consider that: the portion ; of Scripture appointed , for the ' Epistle contained'.' the command of' the Apostie. to " look out'seven men full bf the Holy Ghost,": that seven candidates then received the diacon- \- ate,: -were afterwards made seven priests, and this by the official act of one Bishop acting for the commission of seven. , For 300 years, Mexico, under the Spanislv Government, had no religion but that of the ,'Ghu rch of Rome, and, when' freed from Spain in' 1821, this form; of : religion still predominated. The Liberal Republican party were triumphant in 1857, and the' Romanists were overthrown, . their convents ; and; monasteries closed, and much of their Church property confiscated.' ' Taking advantage of this change of affairs, Spanish bibles were sent in large numbers into . Mexico by the British . Society. .These were freely circulated, . and read,; and, seconded by 'the efforts of a converted Romish priest, Fran- cisco, Aquilar, were "the-means of kindling the fires . of Reformation. The President, Juarez, desirous of establishing a national Church; favoured tho new movement, protected the re formers, 'and gave them the use of two large churches. An earnest layman, before a Romanist, one Prudencio Hernandez, aided Aquilar greatly by his influence and zeal. He was a successful merchant at the time, but soon became persecuted, .was intrigued against, ;.- and his business completely ruined by the en- raged" Romanists. Erelong, Aquilar was re- : , moved by. death, but not until he had accom- : plished a noble work in starting the Reformation! On his deathbed, he commended the execution of his work to ' his frieud Hernandez, who '. solemnly promised to' carry it on. . Right nobly lias _he done so. . A man of rare intellectual ability, of influence and power, he has laboured earnestly and faithfully. The seed has already spriihg up, "the little one has become a ( thousand," aiul this Hernandez is the present . Bishop elect.' of the new Mexican branch of the Catholic Church. At tliis time there are two . of the old Romish churches in Mexico, occupied by this Church ; there are fifty-seven congrega tions, an orphanage, schools, bible and publica- tion depot; and there are two periodicals published regularly, one in Central, tlie other in South Mexico. 