~THE HAUNThD HOUSE, THE STIADOV4,,krIVER HraLL. Ilr Mirs. J. II. hItsDnL, Auuaon or A Ltrs, A. a rc.. Adsza, d(?i)e GuTil, &c.; OCrrIuiE I:I(JONTrrUED). Anman "f about fity, well and plainly 'dressed, wjro did ntrrppcar to be in ill. heailth??,ect whdslresomplu eion, had' a .blanched lsiok, lilie forced 'aa-kale; a 'roanof undor, 'ratl than over middle height, rot ofaSlight'?nle, but lean as if the flesh had boen wsorn off the bones; a mars with sad, o;xiora, outlooking, abstructed eyes, wvith a nose slightly hooked, without a trabe'of vhisker, With l hir thin' and 1ttraight, and flanked with ,, white, active and lithe in hisinovemonts, a swift walker, though he jad a slight halt. While looking at hitrr!tlsrown up in relief agiinst the glowrr.g sky, I noticed, what had provious.y escaped rmsy attention, 'that leo swas ak~little de formed. ]His right shoulder ros *'tther highor than 'tlhe other. Ar mroaswith a atory in his ruory, Iirnaginod a oa n who had beon jilted by thl girl be loved, or who had lost Iser by death, or' whose wife had proved fo;ttlloss; whose lifo, at all events, had been..rurred bya great trouble So, irs my folly. I decided; for I wats yorrog tlhen, nrrd romantic, and had oxperiornced "some' arros mny.sll :con nectod wit'l pecrniary or artters. , For tire lirtter reasoos, it um;er par hrps' bccurred to roe to rsrouiatit the trouble of ray rew ncqurairrtrnco; if hie could he co iliod, with money anosy oncas. I know, or thought I kiroer, at al ovents, the expression loss of fortune atorrpR on a mrrn's.fsrce; and the look which ]rarnted me for da'; 'rftor had nothirrg in it of disconlent,'or solf-asser tion, or strsrggling gorrtility, or v'elhmrrrt protest ab·ainst the decrecs of fortune. Still less wors it rlsrumissive. As I havo saiddit Iruoted rrr.for days, thea the memory gross loss* rivid, thlen 1 forgot 'YiJsri-i5.U'i''PtOgther. Irrdeeul, we b)e Canm so absor" ~ A~.stgigit between M ?iss Blakeo a.Ld (.olonbrh".;i '.:.-tlst we . had little timroto devote to thiu ,sidera: tion of other irs stter's. True to her promise, Miss "3lalce appeaored next morrring in Brrokinghrrm -Street.. Without bestowviag.upon rise evren tlr.courtscy of good morrring, she pluhged into tire subject exit' to her heart - .".Did you see ihim r' she asked. I told her I Irad. I repeatedr mrcci of what he said; I assured her lie was determined to.fight the roatter, and tlat althougrg I really did not thinc any jury would give a verdiot in Iris favor, still 1 believed, if th.e matter ersime into aourt, it would prevent our Idtting the house ogarin. -, ((I should strongly recomrrscrrd you, ~Isiss Blalco" I finished, " to keep what ho-~offers, and let us try and find another tcn'ant~ . A, And who arsked yost to recommend anything, you fast young man ?" she demendod. "I am sure you di? riot, rind' Mr. Craven world not " bo eost s'?pleriscd'to know: his clerks we're~setting themselves up higher than thoir; master. Yeou would .nover find William Crave'n geivng' liimslf, airs suo as .you young whippor-snappors think make you seemh of soae consequence. I' will just teli hiun what I vant done,-and he does 'it, and you will please to do the same, and m'Idfvc fise?h writ on that villian without an hour's del,~yy7 ." ,i?: [Iasked' on what- grounds we were to servo the writ. I pointed out thiit Colonel Morris did not owte her a penny acd wouldinot owe her a penny for some orronths to comei and in reply she said she wouelr-merely inquire if I reant tliat she and her poor niece were to go to 'tire orkhousd. uothiis-.Iansweretd that the amount ,,rcndy remitted by Colonel NIor, is would prevent such a calamity, but she stbopped.' my attempt at consolation by ielling me not to talk about things I did not understand. -' " 'Give me William Craven's addreso," ijl'deld~is adedand I· will write to Juic dilc"t." I 'eonder ithat he means by lea iiig a-parcel of ignorant boys to at tend to his olients while he is away en joying himself] Give me his addreso; and some paper and en envelope, and I can write my letter hlirs." . I handed her the paper and the e~nvelope, and plaeed pen and iiik eon veniently before her, but I declined to give her Mr. Crayvn's address. We would forward the letter, I said; but wlhn :Mr Craven went away for is holiday, he was naturally nurious to leavu business be, hird' as miuchl as possible. Then Miss Blake took steady in, and fired at me. ]Broadsido aftcr broadside did alho pour into my unprotected ears ; she olscaed the vials of her wrath and over whclmed me with reproaches ; she raked up, o11 the grievances sls eind for years baln cherishing against England, and by. icme sort of verbal legerdemain misde nwe leuponsible fer every evil slhe could recollect as ever laviing happened to bar. I1cr sister's marriage, her death, h]r 1alnsdalq's suicide, thie uisatisfactory ,i,: (f his affairs, ti~e prejudice agains[ Itis 'r -lall, the defection of Colons Mdrri--all these thing she-leldat my dobr,, anc insosted on making me rdipon esieln for "them. ", Ar A"ild now ," she finished, pushing bahk her bonnet and pullinp off hrorglo s " I'll just write my. opinion of you to M?ri Craven and. I'll wait till you direct the envelople, and I'll go with yeti to the pbst and. .'ll see you put the letter in: the box. Ifyou and your fine Colonol Morris- think you frighten or flatter me, you-are both mueh mistaken, I can tell you that I" I I did notansver:her. I was too greatly affronited' to express what l'felt in words [ sat on the.othersideof the table.--for I ,Jould not leave Thor alone in .Mr. Cravon's office-sulking, while she Wvrote her letter, wltichl sire did. in a great fat, :splashing sort. of hand, with every other word inderlined ; and when ,she had done, and tossed the missive over me, I directed it, took my hat, anid prepared to aceompany her to the Chnring Cross onfice. VIo went down the staircase together in silencnup ]unelninghnm Street, caross the Stirand, rind so to Chiaring Crone, wheorr she saw roe drop thi letter into the box. A11 this time we did not ox change Ia shlanhlo, but oben, after rais ing'my lat, 1 swas about to turn away, sir seized hold of riry arm, snd, " Don't let us part)'in tad blood. Though you are only a clerk, you have got your feeling, no doubt, rind. if in mry temper I hurts them, I :am sorry. Can I sry more' . 'You are a iecoent lad enough, ais times go iii :England, and roy bark is worso thanr.in ii bite.- I didnt't write a .word about -ou to Williaso Craven Shake hands, and don't hear malice to a poor lonely ?;o'nen." - Thus exhorted, teooak her hand and shook it, anil then, in token of entiie ariity, she told coo shre had forgotten to bring her pursae'oith tier, and oosrld .I let hoi iaes a sooereign. She would pay nor, she doelaredlsolenuly, the first day she cameo sainito tire office. Thisnof nourao ldidont believe in tire lnast, neverhroles :I gave her owhat she requirod--nnd.,ticavtin nknwoov, sover elges wore soearc:enoughl wvtlo ris then \--thankfully, and frlt siunerely obligeod to her for mnakin~ herself my delitor. liisI? Blake did sometimes ruffte one'a foeatheis most cdrifourdedly, anrd yet I knew ht would lihvo grieved mi had wo parted is tinirty. Sometimes, nary, wheln I look upon lier cjuit .and utterly respeatable old ego--whovirI contemplate hier pathi etie grey hair.and eonrventional lane cap -orwtlior T'vlv: lher nlothred like other people arid in her. right orhind, I ran very glad to remolinhnr'tlha~t I ad ho second tlhoughlt about that sovereign, hbut gave it to tier oith. all the veine of icy henrt as she would have emphasized tire pro oceding..'"-. 'I Though you have no name to speak of," obofrved Miss Blsihd as shre pock eted t!he coils, "I thing there must he Someanort bf blood in'onu. 1 knew Pattd?lsons once whon we; connected by ri?ruago owith a greet JUl-e in tIre WVest of IrolaidT""Cann . your esyi?yb chlants you cani trace rclitionshrip to aoy_ uf them ?" " J eau say n;:ost certahily nut, Misn Blaik,". I replied. "Weo are Pattnr sons of no where and relationse of no " Well, well," remarked tre lady, pitingly, "you can't help that, poor lad, And if you attend to your dities, you ,iny yet be a rid, City alderman. With wldoh.confort sielo left ma, and wended her eoray .hroromeward through Sait- Marlin's Lana and tire Seven Diale. CHIArm?I V. • THc. TRIAL. Next day but one Mr. Craven anton ished us all by ?walkieg into the offced about.ten o'clook. Ho looked stout and woll? sunburit to a dcgreco, and ali the better physicallyfor his'trip to' the sea side. Wo were unfoignedly glad to see him. Given a good employer, and it must be a bad oinployes evlio rojoioed in his absence. If we were not saints, we were none of us ?'ery hlack sheep, and accordingly, from the porter to the managing clerk, our faces brightened at the sight of our prinoipal. ]3ut after the lirst genial how are you nod good morning, Mr. Cravon's 'face told.telcs. Ho had come bock out of sorts.. Ho wvas vexed with Miss Blake's letter, and, astonishing to relate, he wvs angry with me for having called upon Oelanel 2forris. - " You tako.too much upon you, Pat terson," heo remarked. "'It is a grow ing habit with you, and you must try and check it.' I did not answer him by a word ; my heart seemed in my mouth;.I felt as if I was choking. I only inolined my head in token that I heard and under stood, and assented; then,'having, for tunately, work to attend to out of doors, I seized an early opportunity of slipping down the staircase and wnlking off to Chancery .Lnoe. When 1 returned, after hours, to Buckingham!Streeot, one of the small boys in the outer office told mo I was to go directly to ir. Craven's room. ".You'll catoh it," remarked the young fiend. " H has asked for you a dozen times, at least. ! " What can be wrongl now ?" I thought, as I walked straight along the passage lo Mr. Craven's office. " Patterson," he said, as Iannouncsd i:y return. Y Yes, sir I'" " I spoko hastily to yon this morning and regret having done so. " "Oh I sir ," I cried. Anld that was all. We wore better frienud than ever. Do you wonder that I liked my princi pal? If so, it is only hdause I am unable to potray him as hlereally was The age of chivalry is past,!but still it is no exaggeration to say I would hove died cheerfully if my dying could have noraed Mr. Craven. Over dessert ho opened ly mind to on on the subjeot of thu Haunted souse. te said the evil woas bcomijg ono of serious miegnitudce. le declared he could not imagine what the reaultiiiight prove. "'Vith all the will in the world," he said, "to assist Miss Blsks and that poor ehild, I cannot undertake to provic'e for them. Something must bo done in the affair, and I am sure I cannot see What that something is to be. B'ince Mr Ehnsdale bought rho place, the neighbourhood has gona down. If we sold the freehold as it stands, I fear we ehould not got snore than a thousand pouude for it, aed a thousand' pounds would not last Miss Blake three years' as for supposing she could live.on in terest, that is out of the question. The ground might be cut up aud let for busi. ness purposes, of course, hut that. would be a work of time. I conl'es, I do not know how to think about the matter or how to act in it." . . .. "Do you suppolse thso place really, is' haunted "" 1 at last ventured to in quire. * "1aunted ?--pool I nonsense," an swccrcd Mr. Craven, pottishly. "Do I suppose this rooen is hassnted; do I believe my oiicea are haiunted? No sane masn has faith in any folly of this kind; hot tile plaice hlas got a bad name I suspect it is unhealthy, aild the tan ants, when they find out that, seice on on thu firat oxeu-e that offers it is known we-have coanp'oeiised a' good mn~ny teinancies, and I am afraid we shall have to fight this ease, 'if snly to shoi we do not inteond being paticent for over. Besides, ve shall exhaust tihe matter: we shallhoar whlait the ghost-seers have to say for themselves "on an oath. There is little doubt of our getting a vordiet, for the British juryman is, as a rule, imaginative." "I think we shall got a verdiet," I agreed; " but I fancy we shall never got another tcnnant" "There are susiely as good fish in the sea as ever came out ot it," lie ansi¢ored rith a smile, "and we shall come across some worthy country squire, possessed of pretty daughters, who will be deligltaed to find so cheap andasweet a nest for his birds, when they want to he near Lon don." . "' I wish, sir," I said, "you would sea Colonol Morris yoursolf. I am quite certain that every statesmest'he nmado to me is true in his belief. I do not say, 1 believe him ; I only say, what he told me justifies the inference that some one is playing a clover game at River Hall," and then [ repealtd all the circumastantes Colonel M.[orris had eommunicated to ano, not excepting the wonderful phc noaneaosi witnessed by Mrs. Morris of a man walkting through a closel door. SMr. Oraven listened to sae in siloece, then lhe said, " I will nlot see Colonel Morris. What you tell mee'only confirms my opinion that we must fight this question. If he and Isis witneoses ad here to the story ydu repeat, on oath, I shall then have somo tangible ground upon which to stand ,sith -'Miss Bloke. If they do not-and,' pcrsonally, I feel satisfied no one who told such a tale could stand the test oferoses-exmisatiou -we shall then haves defeated the hlid -dniCenomsy, Who, asa believo, lurks ho hild'all' tlis. Miss ,A3luike. is ria.lat in wehat lshe said to ye-i : Jisl,ert Elundalo must huaivr bhd sisaiisy- .,'oodl hater. Whetlier ho uor 'inspired tliiitfldig?enit sort of dislike hirl, aleadsa si man to carry on a warin secret, aud try te injure his' opponent's family after dsat'li, I have no means of knowing. ' But we must teat tihe matter sow, ?'aitotrson, nnd I thlink you had better call oh Colonel Morris and tell hiii so." Thius ervice, hoe-ever, to Mr. Cravou's intense astonsishment, I utterly de elined. I told him--reopsctfully, of-courso: under no possible 'conditions? of lifo couid I have spoken other than respect-' fully to a man I loved'so well--that if a message were tobe delivered from our office, it could not be 'so' delivered by meo. I mentioned, th~o faot that I felt no desire to be kicked dowhstairs. I do elarod thatI. should.oonsidsr it an un seeoly thing for me to engage in .por sonal conflict with a gentleman of Colonel Morris' years and sooial posi tion, and, as a final argument, I stated solemnly that I believed no nnmber of interviews would change the opinions of our late tenant or induoe him to alter his dstermination. "Ito Bays he nill fight," [ remnrked; as a finish to my speech, "ond'I am confident he will till ho drops." " Well, well,".•said Mr Craven, " I suppose lie must do so then ; but mean~ time it is all very herd uponme.'" • A: And, indeed, so it proved ; what with Miss Blake, who, of course, required freluentcadvcnccs to sustain her strength during.the approaching ordoeal; wlhat with policemen, who could not always undertake to be watehing River IIall; what with watchmen, who hkept their. vigils in the nearest public house as long cs it was open, and theot peacefully rotu med. home to sleep; what with possible tennants, who oamre to ui imagining the place was to let, and whom we referred to Colonel Morris, who dismissed thlem, each and all, with a tale which disenelhanted them with the " desirable residenco"-it was all exceeding hard upon .r. Craven and his clerks till the quarter turned when we could talke action about tho matter. Before the new year was well com mcnccd, we were in the heot of the battle. We had written to Colonel •Morris, applying for one quartero's rent of Rivcr I-fall. A (lisreputable black guard of a solicitor would hove served him with a writ ;, but wo were eminlently respectable: not at the bidding of her most Gracious Mn\jcsty, whoso name we invokced on many of our papers would M[r. Cravel have dispensed with the prelihinary letter; and 1 feel bound to say I follow in his footsteps ill that respect. To this eotice Colonel lorris ropliod, referring us to his solicitors. We wrote to them, eliciting a reply to the effect that they would receive service of a writ, and then1 as Colonel Mlorris intended to fight, instructed counsel. Meaanwhile the "IHaunted House," and the furniture it contained, was, as Mrr. Taylor tresely oeprossed thoe nat ter, "going to the devil." \Ve could not help that, however,- war was put upon us, and go to war we must. Body and soul we all went in for MIiss Blake, and Helena, and the " ?aunted -iouse." Even MIr. Taylor relented, and was to bo seen rushing about with papers in hand relating to the impending suit Blake v. Morris ', She is a blank, blank woman, ' he rembrked to me; " but still the ease is interesting, -I don't think ghosts have vror beforooeme into court in my ex perience" And we were all of us of tlo same opliion. She patronised us all, I know, and said she should like to tell our mothers they lied reason to be proud of-their sons. And then cane a dreadful solemn morniing, when we wont to \VEstmirster aud championed Miss Blake. 'Never in our memory of the lady hIad'sho appeared to such advantage as wlheii we moot her in Edsward the Con fessor's Hlll. She looked a little paler than usual, and we felt her general get op was a credit to our castahishusent Shre wore an iminenso fur tippet, which, though then of an obsolete fashion, made her look like a three per cent. annaui taut going to receive her dividends. 11or throat evas covered with a fine wvhite lawn handkerchief; her dress was merci fully long enough to coniecel her hoots; hior bonnet was perfectly straight, end the strings tied by someono who under stood that bows should'be purlled out and othorwise fancifully manipulated. As she carried a muff s. large as a big drum, shee had conceived the- happy idea of dispensing altogether withs glovee, and I saw that ohe of the fingers she gare me to shake *as adorned withl a diamond ring. " Miss Elmedolo'si" whispered Mir. Taylor to me. "It.belosged to her mother." llearing which, I at once understood Helena hlad superintended her aunt's toilet. " Did you ever see Mbis Elmsdalo 7" I inquired of our manager. "Not for years." was the, answer. " She bade fair to be prdtty." "Why does niot M?'iss Blake bring lier out wvith ser someitimes ?" I then asked. "I beliosve she is expecting the Queen to give her assent to her marry. hog the Prince of WVales," explained Taylor, " Iiind shid does not wish her to appear muoh in public until after the weddiiig." The court was craelmod. Somehow it hlad got into the papers--probably through Cohomiol Morris' gossips at the club-that ours was likely to prove a very iuteresting ease, and thoughWthe morning was damp and wretched, ladies and gentlemen hlad turned out into the fog end drizzlo, as ladies end geintlemen will winos there seems the least chanoe of a now sensation beiiig provided for them. Further, there were a lot of reporters " It will be in every paper through out..tho kinigdom,'. groaned Taylor. e \Ve'ltad--bettsr by far have left the Colonel aloue.'"- .. Thlat lied always bee;ibeo.onln, hut S0only said, " Well, it is of-noe ii~'uk il.,g hack iiow." Of course our case lay in a nutshell We hlad- lot the piaec, and Colonel Morris had agreed to take it. Colonel Morrisnowv wanecd to be rid of his bar e'-:.l,,and we were determined to- keep Ihim to it. Colonel Morris said that the house was haunted, and that any body could not live it it. We said that the house was not haunted, and that anybody could live in it; that in every respect River Hall was suited for the residence of a family of positiome--,se edvertisoments in Tilmts and onRotrsao POST. To this doy" I bolieVo that our hopes would havo boon justified by the result had not some demon of misohiof put into thoi'ead of Taylor--who Ilad the management of the 9ase--that it would bo a good thing to got Iigs Blake into tlib witness-box. "She .will amuso the.jury," he said, and juries hive always a kind feeling for any person who can amuse them " . Vhich was all very well, and might be very true in a general way, but M?ise Blake proved the exception to his rule. Of course she amused the jury, in fact, she amused everyone. To get her to give a straightforward answer to any question was simply impossible. Over and over again the judge ox plained that 'yes' or 'no' would be amply'dufficient; but all in vain. She launched out at large in reply to the counsel, wfho, nevertheless, when he sat down, had gained this point. Miss Blake declared upon oath that she had never seen anything worse than heorself at River Hall, and did not be lieve anyone else ever had. (To nE CONTINUED). 