THEI CLOSING SCENE. The following is pronounced by the West minster Rerie,o to be unquestionably the finest American poem over written: Within the sober realm of leafless trees, The russet year inhaled the dreamy air; Like some tanned reaper, in his hour of ease, When all the fields are looking brown and bare, The gray barns, looking from their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widening into vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills, On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed and all sounds sub dued. The hills seemed farther and the streams sang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a muffled blow, The embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold; The banner bright wish every martial hue, Now stood like some sad beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight; The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint ; And like a star, slow drowning in the lighlt, The village church vane seemed to pale And faint. The sentinel cock, up in the hillside crew Crew thrice-and all was stiller than be fore; Silent, till some replying wardep blew His alien hobep, and then wgs heard no more. Where erst the jay, within the elm's tall crest, 3fade garrnlous trouble round her un fledged young; And when the oriole swung her swaying nest By every light wind like a censer swung. When sang the noisy martins in the eaves. The busy swallows circling ever near Forebodipg, as the rustic mind believes, An eatly-harvest and plenteous year. Where every bird that wake4 the vernal feast Shook the sweet slumber from its wings at morn, To warm the reaper of the rosy East- And now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; Alone the pheasant drumming to the vale, Ilade echo in the distance to the cottage loom, There was no bud, no bloom upon the bowers, The spiders moved their thin shrouds night by night, The thistle down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by- passed noiselgts out of sight. Amid all this, in this most dreary air, And where the woodbine sheds upon the porch Its crimson leaves, .s if the yearstood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torch, Amid all this, the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheel, and with her joyous mien Sat like fate and watched the flying thread. She had known sorrow. He had walked with her, Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen crust, And in the dead leaves she still heard the stir Of his thick. mantle trailing in the dust. While yet her cheek was bright with suummer bloom, hler country summoned and she gave her all; And twice war bowed to her his sable plume Rcgave the sword to hang upon the walL Ilegave the sword, but not the hand that drew And struck for liberty the dying blow; Nor him whi, to his sire and country true, Fell mid the ranks of An invading foe. Long, but pot loud, the doining wheel went on, Like that low murmur of a hive at noon ; bong, but not loud, the mnemory of the gone lstenth'l through her lips a sad and tremu long tone. At last the thread was snapped, her bead was bowed; .ife dropped the distaff through her hands serene; And loving neighbours smoothed her care. ful shroud, While death and winter dosed the autumn scene. 