GLEANINGS: GRAVE, GAT, AND GROTESQUE. •TexraxAX-x&c; is aiming at the marvellous. The Tw* runs a special Irani every morning j frv'in London to the Lancashire centres of life | and industry. A quarter ot a ecu tun* ago who would have'droamed of the latent force hidden in the word "competition!" The Jupiter of the Press enlists in liis service the twin powers of steam and electricity, and seeks hv golden remuneration to monopolise their favours. lie bus secured a six hours' monopoly of the Channcl cable between Eiiirland ami ^Eniiicc. The writer of 4* London News Talk' in the -irgus savs that tlie Daily Tebyraph, trite to its name and aspirations, -'is actually laying down a submarine cable of its own.'* Ho ventures the opinion that nobody cares for 1'reucli ne«s. We are not so sure of that. The interlacmirs, interfusions, and the interdependence of the politics of the nations of Europe are so complicated, important, and delicate, that the news of the different capitals, and the action of the different State cabinets, are of interest everywhere. . Pugilism and brutalism may he taken lor synonyms. Drink, quarrelling, and fisticuffs . are often correlated. On Sunday, the Gih instant, the battered bodv of an ioseusiblo young man, onlv twentv-two years old, was found in Bell's paddock, Sydney. He was taken to the . hospital, where he died the same day. The name of the man who mauled Murphy was Assenhcim, who is now in custody. However desirable a peaceful death may be, . it 6carcclv seems consonant with, our notions of the solemnity of that event that we should some . morning be found dead in bed. "V err few men retire every night with their circumstances and . consciences so accurately adjusted that no . omission or transgression would detract from the reputation of the dead, or discompose the living. These thoughts were set a-going by a recent paragraph in an exchange where we [ read of a man being found dead in his bed by . the landlady with whom he lodged. Death * under such circumstances is not uncommon, but it is awfully sudden, and should teach us to leave nothing till to-morrow which can be done to-day. " A fair exchange is norobbeiy." So thought that 'cute Ballarat storekeeper who weighed the four pounds of nails required by his baker with a loaf supplied by him. TV e do not know which "most to admire, the shrewdness or the politeness of that proceeding. No gentleman could have given a hint more delicately, ' and no slander could be construed out of so ample and equitable a course. It is dangerous to call a man a rogue even when he is one; but to demonstrate that fact before his own eyes, • and by his own evidence, is manifestly a safe thing. "Wasted genius is a sight to make sad the philosopher as well as the philanthropist. " Full many a flower is born to blush unseen." The worltl teems with unused or undeveloped possi' bilities. What a resource of power is neglected in the larrikinbsm of Victoria. There lies a talent for organisation, co-operation, and generalship that might excite the envy of our salaried military officer*. A member of the organisation gets into the hands of the " Bobhies," between whom and tlielarrikin exists a bitterfeud; the prisoneru spots" a friend, the friend j whistles, and the banditti of the streets obey the signal instantly to the number of nearly a hundred. It reminds one of the romantic atones of Robin Hood and his merry men. Is there a Maid Marion amongst the lawless crew f There is amongst them a spirit of mischief and rebellion. The code of regulations is impregnated with Ishmaelitism. Why does | not the Victorian Government enlist them, and j put their misapplied genius to profitable uses ? Are politics aud Christianity incompatible ? A Victorian paper states the precocious daughter of a rising poiit ician of South Australia was asked, by the pastor of the church where hc-r father attended, whether she thought that her paternal relative were a Christian. To which she j*rtly and indignantly replied, "No, certainly not; my father is a member of Parliament!" That young lady was only ten years o;d. She had already progressed considerably in modem ideas about tlie dissociation of religion from secular matters. The town of Clnlwell, in Victoria, isreporfed to be haunted by a ghost. Its habits are regular: 1 it apjiestrs at a certain hour in the evening, as ' is customary with spectres.- To test evidence and j gratify curiosity, a valorous individual armed himself with a gun. betook himself to the giiostlv haunt, the shadowy object appeared, bang went the gun, the marksman hastened to bag his game, when, lo! it had vanished! Either his*shot was bad, or his hand trembled, or—there was no ghost. Brisbane is not the only hot place in the .Australian colonic. "We leani that Hay, in the Riverina district, is sometimes rather warm. Standard says that the thermometer, one .day, at 1 o*clock, marked 104 degs. within doers .^atthe office of that paper; whilst under the . verandah of a jeweller's shop, it reached 10S •degs. Practical jokes are sometimes very entertaining to the feeble witlings who indulge in them. In such things it would be always safe •to adopt Paddy's advice to a simpleton who attempted to frighten him by presenting an amload'd musket at him: *'Don't, "William, for fear it should go off, loaded or unloaded." A week or two ago, seme young ladies were bathing in the sea at New \Vallsend, in New South "Wales; one of them dressed herself in male attire, and went into the water amongst the rest. A Miss Boyd, seeing what she doubtless concluded to- be a inan approacliing, dived into the water, and was not seen again. Her little poodle pet jumped in after her, and doubtless shared her fate. . Several sharks were seen by a man who plunged into the sea to try to rescue the unfortunate vouug lady. There cannot be much doubt that the and her dog were seized bv the sharks. "We guess that the mischievous cause of this sad catastrophe will in future eschew practical jokee. A post-oHico clerk nt Qnennbeyun has heon sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment for oi>emng letter. He had almost sole charge oi the post otfice: about JJO,000 letters annually passes! through liis hands; anil up to May last his saint}' had hecu at the l-ato of £(j'U per [ Milium: since then it hail hecn at the rate of I £100 per annum. The judge, "who passed sentence, very properly remarked that the I wretched pittance which" prisoner had received was a direct temptation to crime. Those are our sentiments. The drones in the Civil Service hive are well paid, fat, and nourishing, whilst the workers are miserably under-paid; having the alternative of semi starvation or dishonesty. Mistaken identity sometimes leads to ludicrous scenes. "When a sober, respectable young gentleman, of quiet habits and thoughtful mind, strolls homeward, deep in a meditation begotten by the silence and darkness, and is suddenly met by a jealous or angry woman, who confronts ldm, slaps him in the lace, claws him like an unary eat, the situation is slightly perplexing. The two are strangers to each' other. The self-possessed young gentleman remonstrates: "My dear madam." The'injured woman interrupts: "Don't ' dear madam* me. Here vouve been out to this time of the night, and all the ehildreti sick at homo.'* By this time a perception dawns upon that impassioned woman's mind that she has made a mistake by taking a well-behaved young bachelor for her truant husband: and she vanishes in shame towards the nearest house. This occurred in Australia. 