CRABTHORN'S CORRESPONDENCE. A SQUATTER'S PROTEST. Dear Geoffry—A red line has crawled like a noxious reptile across the tracing of my little leasehold, pursuing its blindworm course through thick scrub and over red sandhills with the irrepressible pertinacity of that " thin red line" whose fatal force is recorded by the historian of the Crimean war. As the line in_question means that the surveyors are on the march to sweep me and my flocks away like useless lumber to make room for reckless farmers of unfarmable land, I cannot be blamed if I venture to wish them in heaven, though I doubt whether my kindness will be properly appreciated No matter! the benevolent aspiration will be the same, and I feel so delighted at being thus introduced to public notice, even at the cost of two-thirds of what I once thought my worldly gear, that I have given vent to my ecstatic thrillings in a few stanzas which I venture to send you, trusting that you may find space for them in your correspondence.—I am, &c.;, PASTOR. Western Plains, August 10,1876. COMING EVENTS CAST THEIB SHADOWS BEFOBE. Events ere they come cast their shadows before them, So Campbell relates, and I find it is true; " Red lines" are those shadows! confound those who score them! They cause luckless squatters to look very blue. A drought or grasshoppers are nothing beside them, Although they're so slender, and silent, and still; I wish most devoutly some earthquake would hide them, Their cold- blooded colour it makes me quite ill. 'en though without reason they're drawn; still, no matte,' Their Upas-like shadows are deadly, I ween, And mutely betoken collapse to the squatter If once on his tracing or near it they're seen! Last year I felt jolly; I mused with complacence ' How sixty-four's drought was a thing of the And thought to a monarch I'd scarce make obeisance; But now I must suffer and bend to the blast. For misfortune's red line has swept suddenly o'er me, And I'm no longer jolly or forward for fun, But think of the offers that then used to bore me Of at least thirty shillings per head for my run. While now, if my holding were put in the market^ Some wretch to deride me might bid three and six; And although to bystanders 'twould be a good lark, it Implies for Pilgarlic a regular fix. For I am not the squatter poor Pasquin called lordly, Who, rolling in thunder, pervaded the street. I drove my own wagon through seasons untowardly, And lived on cold johnny-cake, oft minus meat. I thought that my holding, so scrubby and sandy, Might pay in the future if good seasons came; But dreamed not e'en vaguely it e'er would seem handy For Carr as a sop to the farmers to claim. With debt and with dingoes, with sand and salt water, I battled fer years, till the great drought betel* When those who infested this now craoked-up' quarter Meet heartily wished themselves—say down ft well! * How time seemed to linger, while death was so busy In taking the " jumbuckV—»aunt ghosts e'er they died! The trouble I went through, Miss- Fortune, the " hizzy," Could not have augmented howe'er she had tried! Then wool sold in England at five pence two farthings, With twopence off that for expenses they said; Some fat ewes were melted, bus fate could so mar things, They netted me just two and tenpence per head. When at last on the sandhills fell pluvial sprinkles I still had existing threa thousand queer sheep, With debts quite four thousand, while premature wrinkles Indented my.visage with crows' feet so deep. And when old Dame Fortune, her bandage outwitting, Aeain on the squatter determined to smile, I little by little succeeded in quitting My good banker's clutches, and raised a small pile. Thereupon, with the cash for my produce, then selling At capital prices, fresh wells were begun; Tarks 1 made for rainwater, erected a dwelling Instead of a shanty, and fenced in the run. Like a blockhead I fancied I thus was increasing My worldly possessions. Oh, dear, what a sell! I since have discovered, on runs one is leasing, That money is sunk when you're sulking a welL For it seems that no sooner have you, by long toiling And outlay and hardship, established a home, Than Wapstraw and company, eager for spoiling As flies to the Carr-cuss, compel you to roam. 1 You must budge to "back country" when youth has departed, StiMH JB& Although you can't rough it as when you-were young; But I, as one victim, before I am started, Thus give the usurpers the length of my tongue. 