LARRY'S LUCK. A SEQUEL 10 " HABDY AND FOOLHAEDY," CHAPTER VI (CONTINUED.) How still and deserted it all looks whore so short a time before there had been so much noise and life 1 and my heart sinks within me One of the fishermen gives a loud shout, and Mr. Bell a long shrill whistle, and at once something moves in the shadow of the cliff, and Larry without his coat comes rushing down to the beach. " Where's Bertie?" " Poor little chap, he's asleep;" aud sure enough there lay Bertie, wrapped in Larry's coat, fast asleep, as quietly as if he had been in his bed at home. I can't tell you half that I felt just then. I think I lost my head altogether. I fancy I tumbled out of the boat and rolled about on the shingle, for I remember being picked up by Mr. Hutton and shaken, and WB saying, " Why, Tom, Tom, my good boy, whatever are you about ?" I know when Bertie woke up I got hold of his arm and never left go of it until wo got back to Highmore, though it was very inconvenient getting in and out of the boat. The Doctor was almost as much overcome as I was, but, of course, ho would not show it, and to hide it, he went into a groat rage and blew up Larry nearly all the way back. Bat Larry was so used to being blown up, that it ran off him like water off a duck's back. We did not get much out of them that night, except that they bad been in the cave when the rest started for the steamer, and when they came out they found that it was getting dark fast and that no one was to be seen on the shore; that the boats were gone, and that even the steamer was out of sight. You can fancy how frightened they were when they found out that they had been left behind ; but Larry hid his fear and treated it as a capital joke. Bertie told me all about it afterwards ; he said how dreadfully quiet it all seemed as they came out into the air again, so different to what it was when they went in. " But Larry was not a bit frightened; he laughed till I really got quite cross with him, and then he said he guessed all the boys had eaten so much tea that they were afraid the steamer would sink it they were all in it together, and so they had left us behind while they took the others to Saltby, and that they would come back and fetch us as soon as ever they had unloaded. Forgotten us ? not a bit of it; it was only that they knew we were just the two who would not mind it, and for his part he thought it rather fun than otherwise. And then I said that perhaps the sea would come in and wash us away before the steamer came back; but that, he said, was all stuff an l rubbish, as the sea could not come beyond high-water mark were it to try ever so hard I did not mind it half so much when I found how jolly Larry was about it," Bertie went on, " but I got so cold and shivered so, and just then Larry said, ' The bother of having to wait about here is that one gets so smothering hot, so I think I'll take off my coat a bit as there's no fine company.' And then when I said I was not hot at all he made me put it on. The moon was getting up then, and it threw all sorts of queer black shadows all round, and I began to think of the stories of the lights and noises the fishermen told of. I always thought, Tom, that Larry was a little })it afraid of ghosts; he. used to talk sometimes- ; of banshees and things his old Irish nurse had told him about as if he more than half believed them. But do yon know, Tom, I don't think that he's afraid of anything. I asked him that night, ' Larry,' I said, ' do you believe in ghosts?" and he said, 1 Ghosts ? why, you are a silly little duffer; ghosts never come near the sea; they are as afraid of,a drop of water as a mad dog. They are regular land-lubbers, and no mistake, and besides, there are no such things at alland then he found us a snug place out of the wind, aud we sat close together, aud he told me all about the Doctor's birthday last year, and I was so tired and you were so long in coming that I dropped off fast asleep, and when I woke up you were there." Do you think I'd have let the little chap come to harm ?" Larry said, angrily, when I tried to thank him for taking care of Bertie. " It was just my lack that it happened at all, so get out with you." But you may be sure I did not like Larry any the less, CHAPTER j TIL Soon after the Doctor's birthday, a report began to. creep about among the boys, very vague and uncertain at first, but gradually getting, more shape. I do not know who heard it, or who brought it to the school; or whether it leaked out from one ofthe wasters: but I rempmber, yet}' \well how % heard it first. It was Bertie who told mo.: I was writing a letter, homo; and Bertie came in from the playground with such a white, frightened face, that I threw my pen down, $nd jumped up, saying, " What's up now ?" " Oh, Tom," he cried, not knowing that Larry had followod him in, and was standing at the door, hearing all ho said. " Oh, Tom, do you know what the fellows are saying ?— thnt " The Rose of Killarney " has been lost at sea, and Captain Brady aud all on board drowned ?" I held up my hand to stop him; but it was too late, Larry had heard every word he saidj a queer look came over his face, as if his breath was taken away, like one feels when a big wave comes over one out bathing, and then he looked just the same as ever and he came forward to where we stood, and threw his arm ovef Bertie's shoulder, as ho often did. " Come now, you fellows," ho said, " you're never going to be so shabby as to hear all sorts of uousenso and not tell me. Lost, did you say? "The liose of Killarney?" That is a good joke! Why, there's not a better -ship going than the old " Rose;" and I wager you don't find such another captain as she's got. Come, Bortie, tell us all this cock-and-bull story." So Bertie told all that he had heard, which was not much, and be could not tell where the news had come from. Larry only laughed at it,; and seeing he was so sure, Bertie and I felt sure too. And Larry still went on looking through his cracked telescope at all the ships within sight, and still stalled at a noise, and watched for any comer. But he said less about it than he used, and the boys left off chaffing him about his father coming home. The time of the Midsummer holidays was coming on, and Bertie had written home to ask if wo might invite Larry to come back with us, as he had nowhere to go to j and mother mote at once to say he would be most welcome, for we had told her a lot about Larry, and how good he had been to Bertie. She scut a kind message to Larry himself, and a note to tho Doctor asking his lea\e. The Doctor would have consented very gladly, for Larry was the only boy who was not going away for the holidays; and the school was to be painted and whitewashed all over ; and the Doctor and his family were going off to some friends in Scotland ; so our plan would have been most convenient. But much to our disappointment and surprise, we found that Larry himself was opposed to it. Nothing that we could say would move him; no, it was very good of us, he'd never forget mother's kind message, but he could not go; his father was coming back, and would come to Highmore to find him, aud at Highmore Larry would stop. The Doctor himself tried to persuade him, but he begged so hard to be left at Highmore, declaring that he could sleep anywhere, and eat anything, and would never be in the way : that at last the Doctqr agreed very unwillingly. He told Larry that the owners of " The Hose of Killarney " had received a telegram fium Hong Kong, saying that an outward-bound vessel had met with heavy storms off the Cape, in the end of May, and had seen a vessel in distress, which was thought to be " The Rose of Killarney." He also told him that " The Rose of Killarney " had been delayed in starting on her return voyage by different accidents until the end of April: but that he hoped they should soon get news of her; and that that the bad report given by the telegram might prove to be unfounded. Larry came out from his interview with the Doctor looking so bright and grinning that I thought he must have received some good news; indeed, I think he thought it was so, aud he almost talked us into thinking the same. "He won't be long in coming now," he used to say every morning almost. " Why! I shouldn't wonder if ,he were not here before the holidays now," But the holidays came and no Captain Brady, They began on the 1st of July and lasted till tho end of August, two months altogether. The last thing that we saw at Highmore was Larry helping up with the luggage, and looking as bright as ever, and not a bit down in the mouth. It took tho edge off our pleasure at going homo, leaving Larry behind, all by himself; and the first evening Bertie said to me, " Oh, Tom, if Larry were here how jolly it would be, but the thought of him spoils one's pleasure." We both thought of him a great deal the first few days, and we told mother all about him, and what a queer-looking fellow he was, and how dreadfully unlucky; but after a time we thought less about' him. It is so difficult to be sorry about anything for very long in the holidays, when there is so much that is pleasant going on, and so little to remind one of sorrowful things. I must not stop to tell of all we did in those holidays: how we went down to see a friend of ours" Colonel Morris, at Silverbridge, and then into Devonshire with father'and mother. I could tell a great deal about it, but all I must say now is, that it put poor Larry quite out of our heads; and I really felt ashamed, when we were on our way back "to school again; to think how much I had eryoyed myself and how little I had thought of him. The same thought must have been in Bertie's mind, for he suddenly began, "I wonder if Captain Brady has come back yet?" I answered, " Oh, yes, ho must have come by now, or Larry would have written." "Bat doa't you think he would have *> written if his father had come." Perhaps he hadn't time, or didn't think of it." "I wonder if his father will take him away from Highmore," "Larry thought he would. How dull school will be without Larry ! I shan't like it a bit." But we might have spared ourselves tho fear of dullness without Larry, for the first person wo saw, as wo drove up to the school door, was Larry himself, standing on tho steps to welcome us, and looking just the same as ever. Did he look quite the same, though ? Not quite, I thought, after the first minute or two; he was grown, for one thing, and his clothes had not grown too, so there was more wrist and grey sock showing than ever, and his clothes were very whito at tho elbows and knees. He grinned as widely as ever, but somehow it was different,—it .did not seem as if his heart was grinning too; and there was a queer hollow look about his eyes that gave him a hungry look that nsed not to be there; and as I looked at him I guessed, without his telling me a word, how he had spent those long two months that had seemed so short and happy to Bertie and me. How he had listened, and watched, and waited, waited, and watched, aud listened, till his heart was sick with the great suspense. He did not tell us much about his doings all alone at Highmore, and he did not speak a word about his father and the ship ; but he made us tell him all about our holidays, and where we had been, and he laughed Mid talked, and chaffed much the same as ever. His hands had not been idle through tho holidays, for he had made a wonderful cage for Bertie's white mice, and had built a fleet of little ships of all shapes. One of them ho had named " The Larry's Luck." This was the one he had taken most pains with, and he showed it to us with great pride. It was a queer fancy of his giving it such a name, and I tried to persuade him to alter it, and to call it " The Sea Mew," or " The Petrel;" but he stock to it, and the name seemed to bring bad fortune with it. We went out, the first day we were at school, to tho large pond near the house, to try the boats, and they all went beautifully, and looked very jolly on tho water. " The Larry's Luck " went better than any, and cut out into the middle of the pond aB neat as could be; but all at once a sudden puff of wind struck it, and it turned over, filled, and went down before wo could get at it, and it must have stuck in tho mud, for it never came up again. It shows what a queer excited state Larry was in, for he was quite upset about this boat. At other times he wouldn't have cared a snap of the finger if all the boats had sunk, but now he would not stop a moment longer, but turned and went straight back to the house. We called after him, but he took no notice, and he was silent and dull all the rest of the day, and when I chaffed him about it in the evening, he Baid sharply, " There, shut up; it was the * Larry's Luck,' and she's gone down," and I'm sure he took it as a bad omen. He was so touchy too, when any allusion was made to his luck, and when one day he spilt the ink, and one of the boys laughed, and said it was " Larry's Luck," he got quite fiery and snappish over it. We had not been back at school a week belore another letter came from tllo owners of tho "RoseDf Killarney." We all guessed that news had come, and bad news too, when Larry was sent for one morning to the Doctor's study. The post-hag came just before breakfast, at eight o'clock, and the Doctor used to open it in the hall and hand out the letters to the different boys'; and Larry UBed always to watch the letters, as tho Doctor road the addresses out slowly, and turn away with a half sigh when his name' was not among those called. That morning I am sure he know there was something for him, when the Doctor drew out a largo blue envelope and read the direction, and then looked quickly up, and wont off to his study, without finishing giving out the letters. Larry stood quite still watching the study door, till it was opened and ho was called in. Bertie and I and a good many other boys • stood waiting for him to come out, breJ^ess to hear what the blue lettter contained**^ knew at once when we came out, though he was not crying and he did not speak; but ho looked quite daZed, and he tottered at the door and had to catch at it to keep himself from falling; and then he walked alross the °, »gtoseoany of us, and Ut oat of the door into tho playground; and lie M not como into breakfast, ortomoraing' school; aud the inaafcorabidus lcaVo him fllo»o> far it would be ldn do* to do so. Wo hoard sooflwhat the Ifctter bad told,—-that tho shipoWuors bad received full accounts by tho China mail of tUo loss of " The Huso of Killarnoy" nnd nil on board. It told tlio latitude and longitude, and we looked it oat 011 tho map, and found that iC was not very , far from the -Capo of Good Hope. She had f started from Song Kong at the end of April, nnd it was supposed that she had a pretty good voyage till she neared the Cape, when aovero weather sot in, and she was driven a long way out of her course. An outwardhound vessel sighted her in tho rniddlo of a tremendous gale; she was then giving signs of distress, but tho ship was running before the wind, and could not go to her help. Howover, after the gale was abated, tho ship put back to see if 8ho was still in sight, but it was then too late. They only found an overturned boat bearing her name, and a lot of broken spars; and that was all that they found of *' The Rose of Killarney " and her gallant crew. They went on to Hong Kong, from whence they telegraphed to the owners, and sent tho full particulars by the mail. Every one folt deeply ftyr poor Larry, and as to Bertie, ho was quite heartbroken, nnd could not get on with his lessons a bit that day. At dinner-time Larry's seat was empty again, but at the calling over before tho afternoon lesson he answered to his name and was iu his usual place, and for tho rest of tho day ho seemed trying to behavo as if nothiug had happened. After we were in bed that night Mr. Hutton came in and sat on Larry's bed talking to him. The other boys, I think, were asleep, and I kept wishing that I was so too, that I might not hear Larry's sobs. Qe was so quiet at first, when Mr. Hutton begun, and answered all his questions, and actually laughed once ; but all at once he began sobbing, and I stuffed my fingers into my cars, it was so dreadful to hear. Mr. Hutton spoke very low, but I heard him asking Larry whether he knew of any relations they could write to, or any one with whom Captain Brady wonld havo J eft instructions i about him; but Larry seemed not to know of anybody now his grandmother was dead. And then I heard good Mr. Hutton telling how God took special care of the fatherless, nnd how the day would come when the sea would givo up its dead, and there would be no tnore sorrow or death, and God would wipe away all tears ; and byand-by Larryfe sobs grew less violent, and Mr. Hutton went away. CHAPTER VHI. Evil is wrought by want of thought as well as want of heart, I remember mother saying once; and this saying was brought back to my mind by a dreadfully cruel thing which was done next day by one of the boys called Jervis; and yet I am sure it was out of pure thoughtlessness and nothing else. It was after dinner, and we were collecting in tho class-room for afternoon lesson. Larry ..was not ready , with his exercise, and Bertie was looking out ^-orda for him in the dictionary, and I was helping; and while we were doing it somotliifig drove up to tho front door, and there was a loud ring at the door and a bustle in the hall. It happened unfortunately that at that very moment Jervis was crossing the hall, and as ho came into the class- room he thoughtlessly called' out, " Hallo, Barry! hero's your governor. 1 ' Larry leapt up in a second and rushed to the door, and before he got there lie felt it wr a hoax, atid without looking out into the hall he turned back, and I saw his two hands . go up to his head, as if with sharp pain, and I: board him givaajnoan,just like somo dumb' animal hurt to death." One of the first- class I follows was taking sorn^i books down from a she,If as this happened; iiis name was Wells, but wo always called him " Swells,'' as he was such a swell in bin dress. Hfc used scent on his handkerchief, and , wore Javendcr kid gloves bn Sundays, and always walked very slowly, and spoke' with a drawl, and wo thought him rather a duffer ; but lie heard what happened, and ho saw Larry's face, and in a second he came striding across the room, and bad got hold of. Jprvip by his collar and ono. ear, and shook liim till his teeth shattered in his head, and he spoke out so quick and sharp, «*, Xqu ypuug; .blackguard,, you deserve to be hung!" and thenjjw $ung him over a form into, a cqper like bundle of dirty clothes, and inarched out of the room, not seeming to know that he had crumpled Iris wristbands and made his ; hair all rough, ibut wPjiaover called old Swells a duffer again;- > r $&at; first fortnight at school was, a. sa<| urne Ib'r us 1 all, • Vft ^bi^'lor Lariy | "Utjbis trouMes wore not ended. " It never say, " and ^fortunes never come singly^] I have told you_that. .Clarkson's father was money, and on his birthday, whlcii in of a five-pound note. > Now Bertio and I looked with groat respect on a bit of gold, even a ten-shilling piece ; but t had nover had a five-pound note in uiy hand before y and the crisp, crackling paper looked mystoriously Valuable in our eyes, abd in tho oyes of a good many otlidr boys at school, for Clarkson Hashed it about at every chanco, and plainly thought that, it addeVgrcatly to' his importance. Now if it hafli come to Bertie, or Larry, or mo, we Bkould have had a hundred plans for spending it; aud, indeed, we sometimes amused oursolvos with deciding how wc should lay out imaginary tips \ but Olarkson did not tieeirl to have any wishes to gratify, for he was a sleepy, stupid sort of fellow, who did not caro for anything much cxccpt bed. He carried his note about with him all day, showing it to anyone who cared to look. One night in the dormitory he took it out and looked at it, then he put it back into his purse on tho table—we all saw liim do it—aud then we went to bed, and tho next morning tho five-pound note was gone. The purse was there on tho tabic, a Russia leather purse with a strap rohnd it. The other woaoy in it was thero, but tile note was gone. We could scarcely beliovo our cyoS, or ears cither, when Clarkson, taking up the purso to put it iu his pocket, opened it to see that his note was safe, and found that it was gone. (To be continued.) 