ECHOES FROM THE BUSH. By Geoffry ueabthokv. I have been much exercised by Mr. Ward's quotation at the Working Men's banquet last week from Charles Mackay's well-known sons. He is generally aa sood at defence as he is at attack, and can make the best of a bad cause with any man in South Australia. But he must have been very hard up for an excuse in behalf of tho ' prosperity - on - prosperity' policy when he besought his hearers to — ' Let work and hope go hand in hand, And know, whate'er befall That little fools will hope too much, But great ones not at all.' This was decidedly rough on his friend Mr. Ross. Unless he intended to imply that that gentleman had been 'hoping too much' — which he certainly has— the quotation was altogether irrelevant. Granting its appropriateness it of course affirms that the Ministry are not great fools, but that is a very negative praise. I suppose their bitterest opponent would concede that much to them. Besides, it was a rash thing to quote the song at alL Not only does it cut both ways, but if you take other verses it cuts very deep. What, for instance, would Mr. Carr say to its maxim: — 14 Remember Heaven bestowed the grape To cheer boih great and small— For little fools will drink too mucb, Bat great ones not at alL' How will Mr. Colton like the application of another verse to his obstinate silence all through the finance debates: — 'Speak boldly if your cause be just, Nor shriek from duty's call — For little fools will talk too mucb, But great ones not at all.' ? Or how would Mr. Ward, who is noto-- rious for attending to anything rather than his departmental duties, like to be reminded :— : ' Believe your toQ with bard- won play, Of bloth ba not the thrall— For little fools will work too much, But great ones not at all.' Altogether I don't think that quotation was a very happy one. Who was that gifted benefactor to his species that published a book purposely to teach mankind ' how to cook eggs in a hundred different ways]' Would that he were in South Australia at the present moment, and could be induced to give us a similar treatise with regard to the be3t methods of dressing the rabbit ! Thehost upon whose table this article of food so frequently appeared as to provoke his satiated guest into returning thanks for Rabbits hot and rabbits cold, Rabbits young and rabbits old, Rabbits tender, rabbits tough, Thank the Lord, we've had enough had evidently studied something of the art, but unfortunately carried the thing too far. Kot even the most fastidious epicure could, however, find fault with an occasionalmealofftherabbit,eitherciUTied, stewed, roasted, or boiled, either buried in a pudding or baked in a pie. With sheep runs depopulated and farms ren dered unproductive by the enormous appetites and marvellous propagative powers of these troublesome, yet withal toothsome rodents, it is a pity that such a deep-seated antipathy to their use as an addition to the larder should exist in the hearts and stomachs of coloniallybrought up country people. It is an astounding thing that the 'horny-handed' should prefer to pay a ruinous price for inferior mutton when rabbits are so plentiful that 136,800 have been killed on one run alone for .the sake of their scalps. With town folks it is different. Unlike their country cousins they cannot get enough of the rabbits at a price to suit their pockets. In fact, to adapt the old adage— 11 Wapstraw will not when he may; Townsfolk will but they have nay.' In the face of the sweeping slaughter re corded in the war of extermination now being waged against ihe tribe, I don't wonder at my Honourable Arthur grumbling at having to pay half a crown for a pair of rabbits. The question is, can the bunny be utilized as a cheap and general article of food? If the town and country markets were regularly supplied from the famous hunting grounds in the District of Light, would a constant and profitable trade spring up in the new com modity] I fear not—not yet awhile, at any rate. Prejudice is strong and as hard to exterminate in the provincial mind as are the rabbits themselves on the Anlaby sheep run, and the cause will not ba aided by renowned legislators like my Coglin saying that 'he had never eaten a rabbit or a hare in his life, and did not mean ever to do so.' When M.P.'s thus publicly proclaim their prejudices, the rabbit for years to come is likely to remain ca\iare to the general. Let my mistaken Coglin lay the foregoing lesson to heart, and to the end that he may the more easily remember it here is the whole thing lightly served up in rhyme. COGLIN'8 RE30LVE. Enow ye the member who ne'er ate a tabbit, And doesn't intend to indulge in suoh fare, Who boasts that he hasn't contracted the habit Of catching and cooking that creature, tho hare? With a loathing so strong 'twould be hard to destroy it, May he ne'er be reduoed to a diet of game; May mutton ne'er fail him while he can enjoy it! I don't share h-s taste, but Til tell you his name. Paddy Coglin it i3 set 3 so poor an example To over fastidious farmers and such, Who'd starve, I believe, though the stock might be ample, Before they would venture a rabbit to touoh. But how can poor Wapstraw be blamed for refusing To dine off the rabbits o'errunnlng his farm, When he finds an M.P. the cheap diet abusing, And shunning as though it would do him great harm! When statesmen like Coglin avow suoh bad habits, How can you expect weaker judgments to stir! Yet if questioned—' What ought we to do with these rabbits?' I can but say— Eat 'em and store up the fur. Believe me the battle might quickly be won if I'd Power to make Coglin eat rabbit eaoh day: Agriculturista' meals, like themselves, should be ' bunnified,' And this vile rabbit nuisance would vanish away. I have always looked upon Mr. Taylor, the member for WestTorrens, as decidedly above the average of M.P.'s. He does not weary the House with long speeches about everything under the sun, and what he says is generally to the point. But I cannot compliment him upon the wisdom of his remarks anent the appointment of a City Coroner. He is reported to have said that 'his duty as a J.P., honorary or not, had led him to a great many inquests in his district, and he had always attended them with the greatest of pleasure; but there had been occasions when he had been quietly 'slummed' with regard to inquests in his district, and a Coroner had been sent from town.' Surely this was treatingMr. Taylor very un kindly, seeing how, according to his show irg, he dotes upon an inquest. Nothing ensures the perfect performance of a dis agreeable duty so much* as a genuine liking for it, and as Mr. Taylor appears to invest an inquest with a charm that I am sure no One else can find in it he might be offered the position of Honorary City Coroner as a reward for his enthusiasm, just in the same way as other people are knighted for their services. Thereby he would be able to gratify his peculiar taste, while the salary would be saved. The quest of Sir Gawaine of old was for the Holy Grail, but a Crowner's quest, it seems, will satisfy Mr. Taylor. His speech appears to have wakened up some body's muse, for a ' Hindmarsh Brick' sends me the following :— LAY OF A J.P. He joined not in tbe sportive sprees That tempted other folk; He never yearned for larks like these, Nor cared for pun or joke. No heed gave he to balls or plays That common men doMght; Eispleasure took another phase Where none opposed his right. No vulgar games for such as he, Not any larks for him! fie longed a Coroner to be Upon some inquest grim. n inquest was the sweetest joy That came within his range; He'd gladly ' sit' on man or boy, Or hayBtack for a ohango. He'd condescend to intercede For pleasures of this sort. And waxed extremely wroth indeed If others held the Court. No rival he in Hifidmarsh brooked, And would indignant be If he were ever overlooked For any town J.P. Such are his joys, and, sooth to say, He does tne work full well; . But earth's beat pleasures pass away When Fate proclaims their knell. How sad to think that when he's oolu, And laid upon the shelf, He cannot call a Court and hold An inquest on himcslt! I observe a paragraph in my Beginter about Mr. A. Othen, the diver, who must be the swiftest of men, for he has managed to overhaul the Lightning. Apropos of this feat an eccentric corres pondent sends me the following lines, accompanied with the query— whether tliis A. Otlien is any relation to King lake's E-bthen? 'OTHENTIC.' Othen, the diver, dived under the Lightning, And saw that no harm had befallen the ship; 'O, then,' the agent remarked, his face bright ening, ?' The vessel won't need to be put on the dip. On the Trowbridge her hip Nearly got a sad nip, But we shan't get her skipper to giro her the slip.' CRABTHORN'S CORRESPONDENCE. A Squattepw's Protest. Dear Geoffry— A red line has crawled like a noxious reptile across the tracing of my little leasehold, pursuing its blind worm course through thick scrub and over red sandhills with the irrepressible pertinacity of that ' thin red line' whose fatal force is recorded by the historian of the Crimean war. As the line in]que3tion means that the surveyors are on the march to sweep me and my flocks away like useless lumber to make room for reck less fanners of unfarmable land, I cannot be blamed if I venture to wish them in heaven, though I doubt whether my kind ness will be properly appreciated^ No matter ! the benevolent aspiration will be the same, and I feel so delighted at being thus introduced to public notice, even at the cost of two-thuds of what I once thought my .worldly gear, that I have given vent to my ecstatic- thrillings in a few stanzas which I venture to send you, trusting that you may find space for them in your correspondence. —I am, -fcc./ Pastob.. Western Plains, August 10, 1870. C0MIKG EVEKTS CAST THEIR SHADOWS B^POBa Events ere they come cast their shadows hef ore them, Bo Campbell relates, and I find it is true; ' Red lines' are those shadows! oonfound those who Bcore them j They cause luckless squatters to look very blue. A drought or grasshoppers are nothing beside them, Although they're bo slender, and silent, and still; I wish most devoutly some earthquake .would hide them, Their cold-blooded colour it makes me quite ill. E'en though without reason they're drawn; bUI, no matter ! Their Upas- like shadows are deadly, I ween, And mutely betoken collapse to the squatter If once on his tracing or near it they're seen 1 Last year I felt jolly; I mused with compla cence i How sixty-four's drought was a thing of tbe past, Ajid thought to a monarch I'd scarce make obeisance; But now I must suffer and bend to the blast; For misfortune's red lino has swept suddenly o'er me, And I'm no longer jolly or forward for fun. But think of the offers that then used to bore me Of at least thirty shillings per head for my run. While now, if my holding were put in tho market. Borne wretch to deride me might bid three and six; And although to bystanders 'twould be a good lark.it Implies for Pilgarlio a regular fix. For I am not the squatter poor Pasquin called lordly, Who, rolling in thunder, pervaded the street. I drove my own wagon through seasons tm towardiy, And lived on cold johnny-cake, oft minus meat. I thought that my holding, so scrubby and sandy, Might pay in the future if good seasons came ; But dreamed not e'en vaguely it e'er would Mem handy For Carr as a sop to the farmers to claim* With debt and with dingoes, with sand and salt water, I battled fer years, till the great drought befel ; When those who infested this now cracked-up quarter Most heartily wished themselves— say down a well! How time seemed to linger, while death was so busy ! In taking the ' jumbuck's'— gaunt ghosts e'er ' they died 1 The trouble I went through, Miss- Fortune, the 'hizzy,' Could not have augmented howe'or she had . tried! Then wool sold in England at five penoetwo farthings, With twopence off that for expenses they said; Some fat ewes were melted, but fate could so mar things, They netted me just two and tenpenoe par head. When at last on the sandhills fell pluvial sprinkles I still had existing three thousand queer sheep. With debts quite four thousand, while prema ture wrinkles Indented my,visage with crowa' feet so deep. And when old Damo Fortune, her bandage out witting, A pain on the squatter determined to smile, I little by little succeeded in quitting' My good banker'B olutohes, and raised a Bmali pile. Thereupon, with the cash for my produee, then Belling At capital prices, fresh wells were begun; Tanks 1 made for rainwater, erected a dwelling Instead of a ahanty, and fenced in the ran. Liko a blockhead I fanoiod I thus was increasing My worldly possessions. Oh, dear, what a sell! I since havo discovered, on runs one is leasing, That money is sunk when you're sinking a well For it seems that no sooner have you, by long toiling And outlay and hardship, established a home, lhan Wapstraw and company, eager for spott ing As flies to the Carr-cuss, compel you to roam. You must budge to 'baok oouatry' when youth has departed, Although you can't rough it as when you were youDg ; But I, as one victim, before I am started, Thus give the usurpers the length of my tongue. 