the story-teller. &JARSCLIFF; ROCKS. 11 BY E. S. MAINE. Vol. ii.— Chapter IL — Fickle Lading. It seemed ages to the rescuers, it was in reality scarcely a minute of .time before every thing that could float rose to the surface— oars, bladders, black heads quickly reappeared. Happily for Allele the sudden norror deprived Maud of all power of movement ; and while hold ing her firmly with one arm he managed to get hold of an oar, and pass it under the other. Her dress helped, with the float, to keep her up, and he had soon her head above water. To keep her in this position was all he could attempt to do till the boat came up. Jamie Mathison rose some little distance from them; for him and for the others the danger was smaLL The fishermen had been sufficiently alive to the risk of the " Mary- Jane's " situation to have time to free themselves from any entan glements which could sink them with her. Even Sandy, in his anger and misery, had mechanically set himself free, and rose to the surface with all his senses about him — his greedy passion completely cooled— and no other feeling for the moment but anxiety for his boy, for whom he looked eagerly about. Jamie Mathison had been beforehand with him, and had clutched the lad in a strong, firm grasp, adjuring him to haud still wi his airms an' legs." The little fellow could swim, but he did as he was bid from a habit of obedi ence, what Maud did through unconsciousness. As it happened Jamie and the boy came up nearest the rescuers. A few swift strokes brought them alongside of Willie Dixon's boat, into which the ehildwas hauled -up, and then Jamie swam back to Alick's assistance. In the movement he made to get hold of a part of her dress the oar Alick was supporting them both by swung round a little and hit Maud on the shoulder; and her hair, which the water had floated out, got entangled round the oar. The blow roused her partially ; she opened her eyes and stared up at the sky. She said afterwards that she thought she was dying, and had no special feeling of any sort. She never moved, and almost instantly relapsed into unconscious ness, so that it was easy now. for them to keep her abovo water with the help of the oar till the boat came alongside. The skipper picked the crew of the " Mary Jane " upas he came to them : first Hie boy, then Geordy Hardy, then Sandy, and then David Maxton, and, being ignorant Maud was of the crew also, came last to the assistance of Alick and Janiie. " Lord save us, there's a woman !" he ex claimed in utter astonishment, and leaning over the side of his boat he drew her up by her clothes, with the help of one of his own men, while the two men scrambled into the boat the best way they could. The oar had to be dragged ui tvxui ucr, an m was iiujjubeu.uxo wj uuroii bougie her hair from it. " To think it sud be Maud Eliot!" again ex claimed the horrified skipper— who had started before Sandy the night before, and did not know of Maud's having joined the herring-fishers — laying her down on the nets gently, and then giving place to Alick, who kneeling by her, tried to raise her head and free her hair. It was so twisted and tangled that all his efforts were useless. Jamie and the skipper equally failed, and at last the two latter solved the diffi culty. ' " Well hae to cut it — mair's the peety !" he sensibly remarked, producing a clasp knife from his pocket, and handing it to Alick. Then he raised her head as tenderly as a woman, and held it so that Alick cold sever the thiek tangled masses of poor Maud's greatest beauty from the oar. Alick felt as if he were commit ting sacrilege, and wondered how he could dare to doit. The operation was not a very easy one, and in the middleof it theskipper stopped it, and laying the unconscions girl's head down again on the nets, called out for the whiskey which the men were handing about to each other, and . managed to pour a little down her throat. Then he raised her head again quickly. " Feenish't afore she comes to !" he said hastily, with some show of fear. And AHck obediently cut away at the thick locks with a celerity which left much to be desired in the matter of form. The oar had scarcely been pushed away, and her poor head oomfortably rested on a soft piece of dry net, when Maud opened her eyes, and fixed them in bewilderment an the unknown face of the kipper. "Shell no ken wha I am, pnir lassie !" said that worthy, hastily withdrawing himself, and giving Alick a push nearer Maud. A light oame into the astonished eyes as he bent closer over her, and a tinge of colour came'into her bps and cheeks. " Saved 7" she whispered In a donbtfui tone, as if she expected to be contradicted. "Yes, saved !" he whispered back; and added, with involuntary fervent tenderness, a passionate " thank God, my darling 1" The colonr deepened a little in her lips and cheeks, but Maud made no attempt " to turn away from the passion and tenderness. Scarcely The Proprietors of "The Weekly Times " have pur- «ed .the sole right o( publishing this tale In Vic- for the moment oompMhemdina anvthin 1 M Ail $5 SSPit Aliok who had saved her, and she was Mad in a confused sort of way. She lav stiSTa few Wnyte looking withaaort of &emnity; into Aliok a lovrng eye while the life gradually began to return to rher. Presently shSbeoame aware that somebody was tugghiatheTtoet and she raised herself half unconsciously. It doing his best to pull off her wet boots. Sittmgalmost opposite he was Sandy, holding the bottle of whiskey, and regarding her with an expression in which anger and pity were curiously mingled. Maud'ses wandered back againto Jamie, and then became fixed on hghted P angrily, and with to toL PWifr f her bfe and her senses re- twned to her as she sat upright, and put both hands to her Wet head. " T'was a mortal peety after a' ; ye might nor that> ye fules !" buret vent for his anger, and f&oUd;'8headandnatthe Maud s sense of fun overcame Her momentary dismay as she and Sandy sat staring ruefully at each other, and she heinui fa « lr.- half-hysterical way. ' y'8 temper got the better of him. It s fine to laugh when it's naethin' but a W Turn that's lost 1" he muttered savagely. Maud stopped laughing, and began angrily — It was all your fault, all your wicked , .thing need have happened to ub 1" .j n if I hadna been sic a fule as gang to sea wi a landsman and his lass I mightna hae lost the boat an' the ladin'. It's Jonah that ye've been to me thisnicht, Maud Eliot !" retorted Sandy, half out of his mind at the thought of his loss. " Whist ! Sandy Mackay, whist 1 haud yer tongue, man. Mightna ye ha' been a corpse at the bottom ? Ye're temptin' o' Providence, Sandy Mackay !" said his fellow-skipper re provingly. " Providence has been unco kind to me an' mine this night. Nane o' yer preachin to me, holy Wulhe !" " Man, dinna blaspheme !" returned Willie Dixon solemnly, quietly ignoring the con temptuous name applied to him, in considera tion of Sandy's pitiful condition; "there's Johnnie, Sandy, man ; wha was't tied yon blad der roond him ? Ye wadna hae likit to gang hame till the mistress wantin' Johnnie. I'm thinkin' 1" ' Sandy cast a glance sideways at the boy, who, now that he was safe, was enjoying the whole business mightily, and looked, in spite of his dripping conditon, the very personification of life and brightness, and as likely a boy as could be seen to be the darling of his mother's heart. " Faither, ye're no to fleioht yon lassie 1" said young Johnnie, with mnch decision, looking with concern at Maud, who had stooped down to help Jamie with her boots, to hide the tears 1 1 Ol 1 4 m wnicn oanay s rude words had brought to her eyes. The boots had to be cut off in the end, and her feet wrapped in a dry jacket. "Saut waiter's no like fresh, Miss Eliot," said the skipper kindly, as he brought her a dry coat, and placed it round her shoulders ; "ye'll be nane the waur 'gen it's ower. We'll sune be hame now !" he added. And devoutly Maud hoped they would. Every minute was bringing them nearer to the harbour. Willie Dixon had no lading to hinder him ; for such is the uncertain nature of herring-fishing that one boat may be as success ful as Sandy's, and another, a very little dis tance off, return to the quays as empty as Willie's. Alick Gordon sat by Maud without speaking. He had heard Sandy's retort, and had instantly longed to fly at him and throw him out of the boat ; but a look at the man's face had sent a thrill of pity to his heart. Poor Sandy ! the loss of his boat meant endless poverty and misery to himself and his wife and children. What might not a man be forgiven under such circumstances. Even Maud in the midst of her own wretched ness realised its temporary nature as compared to Sandy's. " Mr. Gordon," she said, in a low voice, " what does a boat cost ?" "One like Sandy's would be worth about £160 — nets and all. " Well, it's a great deal, but I must see that he has it all the same !" and some of her old spirit came back to her as she spoke. It would AtiltT Tin QTtnf hnv vnsit nf -.11 VAAAJ MW oiuvwuw jww. AV WbrtlWUU ftL(«r 211, lOr she had plenty of clothes to last a year ; and then Aunt Mary At this point Maud became absorbed in the composition of such a letter to her aunt as should reduce her almost to tears with the affecting description of how her dear niece had nearly met with a watery grave, and how a whole family had been ruined by her caprice, and how sorry she was, and how she wished she were rich, eto., etc., till she almost forgot her present miseries. "I can get it for him, I'm sure !" she said rather louder ; and then she bent towards him and called, " Sandy !" "Aye !" " Don't fret," said Maud, in a commanding voice. Sandy's only answer was a dreary laugh. " Because I'll make it up to you, ' take' and all," she added with decision. Unbelief, hope, astonishment passed rapidly over Sandy. The Eliots were not rich enough to spare the money for a new boat. The girl was talking al out what she knew nothing. " It'll be a maiiter o' near twa hundre'," he said sensibly ; " but ye're a gude lassie, Maud Eliot ; an' a ax yer pardon and as he spoke the man drew his sleeve over his eyes. TTih trouble and Maud's kind words unmanned him. Maud coloured scarlet. " I should never have gone out with you !" she said hurriedly. "But, Sandy, I mean what I say. Uncle Reginald, you know, is very good to me," she added, secretly determining to do ' it as much as she could without assistance. Sandy looked at the girl's honest face, and his hopes overturned his own belief. A dark flush coloured his weather-beaten face, and a light returned to his eyes, hut 11 he said was a courteous repetition of "Ye're a gude-hearted lassie, Maua Eliot 1" But Maud knew he believed in her. Instead of sitting with a firm hold of the whiskey- bottle, from which he had been faking occa sional sips, he laid it down, stood np and shook himself, and turned his face towards home. " She'll be the last in, Wullie, a'm thinkin'," he shouted to his mate, with a different ring in his voice, and holding out his hand for theglass, he favoured the rest with his observations. "There's a unco wheen o' the wives at the jetty t Some o' them hae glasseB our way ! They'll ken something depend on't ! There's a' the Mathisons, Jamie I Aye, lad, they're unco fond o' ye !" and so on, till Hie boat was near enough for everybody to see for themselves. he had said, very crowded :1 JS? Pr . u< to be keenly, sensible of Jgroniny of her situation. Bareheaded, Jritti short, jagged, wild, wet hair barefooted, and oovered with the seamen's jackets; .with her senses about her, and perfectly able, as he knew she woulcl be, to walk through toe crowd and up the village in her dripping gar. mental What an object of pity, and compassion, and of good-natured ridicule she would be. All sense of the danger she had been in sunk into insignificance before the cudeal to be passed on the jetty. "Could you not have helped it, Jamie?" she said, in a vexed pathetic way, appealing to the lad, who was occupying himself w disentangling the hair wrapped round the oar. _ " Ye see, we were feared to hurt ye, Miaq Maud. But see, it's comin' aff I Ye'll get ver hair yet." . B y "And it's all the same whether it grows on my head or off it, I suppose ! Oh Jamie, Jamie, who taught you the wicked deceits of our heads? Don't bother, yourself. It'll never be fit to be seen tangled like that." But Jaime went on with the operation, and succeeded in getting several long off the oar. They were now close up to the jetty, and it was easy to see that expectation was /roused of some unusual event, for all eyes were fixed eagerly on Willie Dixon's boat, mid a chorus of shouts greeted their approach. "Ech, sirs ; Sandy, man, whaur's the boat ?" "Wullie, Wullie, wha's a' thae ye've gotten for a ladin ?" " Aye, lad, ye're like the apostles — yeve been catohm' mair nor the herrin !" " Ech, look at her, poor lassie ! Wha'd hae kent Maud Eliot ?" This last remark was heard by poor Maud, who turned to Alick pale with shyness. What shall I do, Mr. Gordon ? How ever can I land amongst them all like this ?" "You look very nice," said Alick, with such utter imbecility that Maud burst into a merry laugh, which did her all the good in the world," and made a sensation on the jetty. " Hear till her lauchin' ! Aye, but she's a braw laassie ; an' her near drooned ! I aye said Maud Eliot was a weel-plucked lass !" said Ailsie's mother admiringly, pressing forward to have a better look at her. And there were no thing but kindly glances and kind words bestowed on the queer figure Maud presented as Willie ran his boat close up to the jetty, and Alick sprang ashore and held out hp hands to help her to land. Question after question was poured forth, everybody speaking at once, and everybody answering. Sandy's wife was close to the landing, with two bairns clinging to her skirts and one in her arms, pale and tearless, but terribly anxious till she was sure her husband and child were in the boat. Johnnie had seen her, and had stood 1TD and shfinf.P f/l linr an/I a ilvrr oaK a low " The Lord be thankit !" was her only an swer. And now, as the boat shoved up to the landing, the men made way for her, and turned their heads aside as the poor woman, after a clutch at her boy, clung to her husband with the tears of relief coursing down her cheeks. "Houts, Marget, lass, never greet whan yer man comes hame to ye !" said Sandy, putting his arms round her and giving her a hearty kiss, and to hide his own emotion stooping down and lifting one of the bairns on to his shoulder. Let's awa' hame an seek oot some dry claithes," he said, m airing way through the throng ; then recollecting Maud, he turned again. Alick was just helping her out of the boat, and partly from nervousness, partly from the encumbrance of the long wet folds of her serge dress which clung tightly to her, she slipped as she landed, and but for Alick's hastily catching her in his arms would have fallen. " Not hurt !" he asked, looking anxiously into her face — more than anxiously, tenderly, lovingly — and holding her close to him a mo ment. Maud quickly disengaged herself, and called ont to Sandy : "Sandy, Sandy ! won't your wife take pity on me, and dry me a bit before I go home ?" and without waiting for an answer she took hold of the woman's hand. " Gome," she said, " I'm so cold and wet !" and, piloted by Sandy, passed quickly through the crowd, pitying murmurs and compassion accompanying her and follow ing her. " Who is she ?" asked a voice in Alick's ear as he gazed after her ; and turning suddenly with a start of surprise, and a face from which every vestige of colour slowly faded, AHck found himself face to face with a woman whose -dress and appearance had apparently no rela tion to that of the fishermen's wives and sweet hearts. As she asked her question she looked straight into Alick's face, and he stood gazing at her without answering it. " It's oor Barb'ra, Mr. Gordon," said an old woman standing beside her, as if in reply to Alick's surprise. Alick looked at the speaker for a moment like a man in a dream, and then turned away without a word, and made his way quickly through the crowd. Some of them looked after him. "He's clean dazed wi' his dook, poor fallow ! Aweel, it's no a' folks can put sae braw a face on droonin' as yon lassie, remarked Ailsie's mother. " And noo, Jamie, my laddie, come yer ways hame wi' ine," said old Mrs. Mathison, who had only eyes and ears at that moment for the handsome sailor boy who had been restored to her. Jamie forgot Maud for a moment in the con fusion of landing, and the surprise at the sight of his long-lost cousin, whom the oldwpnian had instantly pointed 'out to him, as she caught hold of him with — " Aye, Jamie, laddie, the Lord be thankit, ye're presairvit ! An' d'ye no see Barb'ra ?" — to which Barbara had replied .with a smile, and had turned away to watch AHck Gordon help Maud Eliot out of the boat. And now, obedient to his old aunt, and having lost all chance of helping Maud, Jamie turned homewards, with the Mathisons following after himT " Sandy's gotten his life, but whaur's he to get his fivin' noo?" said a practical man amongst the group, more as if stating a fact than asking a question. " Hell hae a hard time ot, but he mannna want," responded another. "Na, na," we'll not alioo that," echoed several voices at once. " Na, lads," said an old man, as he slouched away slowly with his hands in his pockets, having satisfied his curiosity to the full, " yer gude lads, an' it'll be some o yer ain turns the neist, mayhappen." " Ay aye," responded the fishermen, " we're nane o' as sure 1 Fair Sandy I An' a !wrBOP M I ©a1 wha was't tdlt ve she was fiekle laden ? Mid the fisher who hed pushed his boat out. without waiting for Mand triumphantly, as they .separated ' CHAPTER Itl.— WHAT WAS THE Reason. Maud was not to be allowed to go home with Sandy's wife, and be dried and comforted before she presented herself at the rectory. She had not gone many steps before she saw the figure of her sister coining quickly down the long street to wards the jetty. Gertrude's anxiety had kept her awake the greater part of the night, mid she had risen many times from her bed to gaze out into the starlight and watch for the faintest indica tion of bad weather. But each time she had looked out the soft still, summer night had quieted her fears. Towards morning she fell asleep, and when she next woke it was about ax o'clock ; so she got up and dressed, watching the brown sails of the boats coming inland as she did so, and thinking that she would be just in time to reach the jetty as the boats came in. Y All 11 liotyA 1 A Y _A fill v _ , — dug wuw reau y9 UAueu; sue said, putting her head in as she passed the kitchen-doer on her way out. " Hinna you fash yeursel', Miss EHot," re sponded Janet. " I'm no forgetlin' the bairn, nae mair nor you," she added in a rather cross voice ; and her mistress retreated hastily, and stepped out into the early morning with a thankful heart that the night and its anxieties were past. The air was fresh and sweet, and the sun was brightening everything with its light and heat. Gertrude was not by nature an early riser, though she was punctuality itself as regards keeping to hours, and the unaccustomed walk was pleasant and novel to her, and refresh ing after her long night. She did not hurry thinking she had plenty of time, till she was near enough to the jetty to see that it was very crowded ; and Maud had seen the soHtary figure in the street some minutes before it dawned on Gertrude's mind that something was the matter. Then a horrible fear paled her cheek, and she began to run as fast as her trembling legs would carry her. Maud turned and stepped behind Sandy's wife, giving her a Httle push. " Go on and meet her, and tell her," she said. _ But the woman was not yet recovered from the shock of the violent and repressed emotions of the morning, arid could not take in what she was to do. Then Maud, dripping all oyer, set out boldly in the face of everybody, with a brave attempt to run to meet her sister, and save her a second or two of horror and suspense. And it must be admitted that she loooked a Httle absurd with the heavy wet folds of the serge clinging to her, and no boots on, and no hat, only her short, jagged hair covering her head. " Maud ! Maud ! Is it you ?" screamed Ger- trude, iorgetting ner dignity, as she flew along. The moment Maud was sure she was" recognised she stopped her struggling running, and ad vanced with more composure. As soon as they were close to each other she began to laugh; and putting ont both her hands out at arm's length, she seized t Gertrude and held her at a distance. " You'U be wet through in a minute if you come any nearer." " Oh, Maud !-— oh, Maud ! Oh, look at your hair 1— oh, child," was all poor Gertrude could exclaim, pale and trembling all over ; and, in spite of Maud; she got her arms round her sister and pressed her to her heart, and began to sob hysterically. "Now, Gertrude, if you want to be the death of me, you'll keep me standing here, a spectacle for men and boys, and Half dead already with cold aod fright into the. bargain, ' said Mand impatiently and sensibly, disengaging herself after giving Ger trude a hearty kiss, and setting off as fast as she could go up the street. And while she went she told her sister a Httle of the reason of the sorry plight she was in. But all the doors were beginning to open, and heads looked out, and violent exclamations of astonishment and concern greeted her progress and distracted her narrative. " Gude sake !" whatever's come to the lass ?" said each wife who happened to be at her door ; and a row of heads on each side of the street stretched their necks out after the sisters. "Gertrude, this is awful ! I must run. Good bye 1" said Maud, getting hotter and hotter in the face, and colder and colder about the body. And, seizing her serge in both her hands, she lifted it away from her bootless feet, and set off as fast as she could go, with her head down, and her eyes steadily fixed on the ground. Gertrude followed as fast as she could, but Maud got home first, and burst into the kitchen upon the horrified Janet, and sat down breathless on the first chair. " Eh ! my bairn ! Lord-sake, what's a' this ? Ye've been drooned wi' they fules !" she ex claimed. " Will this be you ?" " Well, ghosts are generally white, and I'm sure I'm black enough. Look at my feet !" and Maud held up her muddy, wet stockings and began1 to laugh, and Janet's face made her laugh more ; and the natural consequence of it all was that she speedily began to cry in a wretched and ignominious manner, and had to be put to bed, and warmed and comforted ; and at last fell asleep, worn out without excitement, before either Gertrude or Janet had arrived at the correct explanation of her miserable con dition. Mr. EHot showed considerable feeling and a Httle astonishment when he was made to un derstand that " Httle Mand" could not appear at breakfast, because she had been nearly drowned. "But how did it all happen — on such a fine night too ?" he asked, bewildered. "That's jostwhat I can't make out from Maud's account. She was really not fit to be questioned. I wish Mr. Gordon would come," said Gertrude. " Ah ! to be sure. " We shall hear all about it from Gordon. Lst me know when the child is awake ;" and Mr. EHot shut himself up in his study to hide what he felt, and caliii bis nerves with his books. Let us hope they were not en tirely of a theological nature, but were other wise comforting. Maud slept long, and woke none the worse for her troubles. She would not Hsten to Ger trude's entreaties that she would be cautious and stay in bed. Now that she was rested and warmed and fed, she was ready to teU the whole story from beginning to end, and to laugh at the endmg of the tragedy ; and even she was able to take a Hopeful view of the oondition of her head. "You know you object to chignons on principle, Gertrude; ana really, now that I have dipped it a little streigHty it isn't so unbe: % invaded her father's fltndy, ftnofted by Gertrude, as soon as die was dressed, ohd was sitting on a stool at bis feet in a subdued mood upon the whole, and Had been recounting her fitoiyquiefcly enough. Mr Eliot stroked the short remaining locks tondly, aad was quite indifferent as to the loss of the lest of them. "Thank God, my Httle girl is safe !" he said reverently enough, adding, with a shadowy smil "minus her beauty!" 7?-' J®ddyl how dare you !" ex- ami i i 8hs sprang up <»bimmww herself in the glass over the and thin e<«! er head first on one side and then on the other consideringly. plaintively. that' ?" ; she asked '1A11 i" lonely hair, dear Maudie !" mar- ' C00ld Mr- mI' .wa7' has Mr. Gordon been down?" Maud inqmrea, while the colour deenpmi in ner cneeks. " No, not yet ; he is sure to come soon." her sister answered -confidentty; and so Maud thought he was. She looked at herself aJin to iffbiT if 7 till the remeXLce of the fond folly of his " You look very nice when she was conscious in Wffiie's Dixon's boat of bemg such pitiable object, came back to her, 5? /j i f8 an smhed to herself a little. She did look very nice now. If the loss of her hair had altered her a good deal, it was not an alteration much for the worse. The thick short brown locks were wavy and curly, and were by no means unbecoming now that they had been dried and brushed, and the effect of them was to make her look younger by two or three years than she really was. If AHck Gordon thought she looked " nice " even in the boat, he could not think her so very objectionable now. How g®®d he had been to her ; how kind and helpful ! What was that he had said when she clutched him in her agony of fear, the girl asked herself, and remembered too well to answer. After a ' little time she went away by herself, and said she was going to rest a Httle more. She drew her arm-chair up to the window, and basked in toe warmth of the soft summer day, and did not read the book that lay on her lap, but looked lazily out on the sea, and occasionally leant for ward to see if anybody was coming down the hilL " Do you want to drown me too, my darling ," she said softly to herself now and then. Ah yes ! there was more than "friendliness" now in those bine eyes ; and how strange it was that she should be glad ! Had she fonnd hiru at last, her imaginary Hero ? Or was it that he was no hero— only AHck Gordon, the man she had failed to teach to be worldlv. the man wKn La/l interested her more than any other man, the man who had saved her from drowning (she for got that Jamie Mathison had made the floats), the man who had called her his " darling," the man she — ah ! was it true ? Did she love bim ? And was this her fate— this to be the end of her vague longings and half-ambitious dreams — that she should ao like everybody else, and fall desperately in love with a man simply because she saw him every day and there was nobody eke ? Oh no — no. Mand assured herself, No ! That wasn't the reason. The reason was that — not that he was handsome, for so was Dick, so were all the others ; not that he was clever, for he was neither cleverer nor stupider thstn other people ; not that he was a saint, she bated saints ; not that he was rich, for he was poor ; not that he had a grand name, for it was only veiy middling indeed, his "family." Then what was the reason ? Just that he was AHck, and she was his " darling," and — well yes, it was no good pretending to herself not to know — and that life had been a different thing to her since she'had known him, and that . At this point she blushed all over her face and neck, and leant forward to look eagerly up the road. "Will he never cornel" she murmured im patiently; and yet she thought somehow she woold'rather not go down if he did. " Fancy me growing shy !" and Maud laughed at herself. She might have spared herself her hesitatiofis, for he never came ; neither that day nor the next. (to sb coktxmtxd.) 