HAUNTED HOUSE, TIHE SHADOW AT RIVER HALL, DY M?is. 3. 1. IIIDDSLL, AUTIlOs OF A LIsa'S A'sszr, GisanO G05Tru, &c.; COsArrtit XIlI (Co5TIUEDa). To this hour, I do not know how we managed to carry him into the drawing teem. I cannot imagine how our trembling hands bore that inert body out oe tho library and across the ball. It seems like a dream to me calling up i1rs. Stott, and then tearing away from the house in quest of further medical help, haunted, every-stop I took, by the memory of that owful presence, the nmre sight of which had stricken down one of us in the midst of his buying, and bargaining, and boasting. I had done it-I had raised that ghost-I had brought that man to his death; and as I fled through the night, innocent as 1 had been of the thought of such a catastrophe, I understood what Cain must have felt when he went out to live with the brand of murderer upon him. But the man was not dead; though he lay for hours as one from whom life had departed, he did not die then We had all the genius, and knowledge, and skill of London at his service. If doc tors could have saved him, he had lived If nursing could have availed him, he had recovered, foe I never left him. When the end came I was ahuost worn out myself. And the end came very soon. ' No more doctors,' whispered the sick mitt; ' they cannot cure me. Send for a slergymau, and a lawyer, Mr. Craven as well as any other. It is all over now; and better so; life is but a long fever Perhaps lie will sleep now, and let me sleep to. ~es, I killed him. Why, I will tell you. Give me some wcino 'What I said at the inquest about owieg my worldly prosperity to him was tisue I trace my ps cuniary success to Mr. Elmsdale; but I trace also hours, months, and years of anguish to his agency. My God I the nights that man has made me spend when he was liviog, the nights I have spend in eon sequente of his death-' lIe stopped; ho had mentally gone over a long journey. He was retracing the road he had travelled, from youth to old age. For he was old, if not in years, in sorrow. Lying on his death-bed, lie understood for what a gaim he had burnt his candle to the socket; compre hended how the agony, and the suffer ing, and the suspense, and the long. long fever of life, which with him never know a remittent moment, had robbed him of that which every man has a right to expect, some pleasure in the course of his existence. 'When I first met Mr. Elmsdale,' he wenton, ' I was a young man, and an ambitious one. I was a clerk in the city, and had been married a couple of years to a wife I loved dearly. She was p.ossessed of only a small dqt; and after furnishing our house, and paying for all the expenses incidental on the coming of a first child, we thought ourselves fortunate in knowing there was still a deposit standing in our name at the Joint Stoek Bank, for something over two hundred pounds. S'Nevertheless, I was anxious. So far, we had lived within our income; but with an annual advance of salary only, amounting to ten pounds, or there abouts, I could not see how we were to manage when more children came, par ticularly as the cost of living incre-sed day by day. It was a dear year that of * which I am speaking. ' I do not precisely remember on what occasion it was I first saw Mr. Elms dale; but I knew afterwards he picked me out as a person likely to be useful to -him 'IHe was on good terms with my em players, bid asked them to allow me to bid for some houses he wanted to pur chase at a sale. ' To this hour I do not know why he did not bid for them himself. He gave me a five pound note for my services, and that was tho beginning of oar con nection. Off and on, I did many things for him of one sort and another, and made rather a nice addition to my salary out of doing them, till the devil, or he, or both, put it into my head to start as builder and speoulator on my own ti count. "I had two hundred pounds and my furniture: that was the whole of my capital; but Mr. Elmsdalo found me money. I thought my fortune was made, the day he advanced me my first five hundred pounds. If I had known if I had known--' 'Do not talk any more,' I entreated. ' What can it avail to speak of such matters now ?' He turned towards me impatiently. ' Not talk,' he repeated, ' when I have or years been as one dumb, and at length the string of my tongu~ is los 5eoed ! Not talk, when, if I keep silence now, he will haunt me into eternity, as he has haunted me in time!' I did not answer, I only moistened his parched lips, and bathed his burn in? forehead as tioderlv as my unse cstoeurd hands understood how to per form such orrises. ' Lift me up a little, please,' hI said; and I put the pillow in position as deftly as I could. * You are not a bad fellow,' he r-e marked; ' but I am not going to leave you anything' YtGod forbid!' I exclaimed, involun tarily. ' Are you not in want of money ?he asked. ' ' ' ' Not of yours,' I answered.. M Mine,' he said; 'eit "is not. mine, it is his. Hie thought a great deal of esoney, and ho has come bock for it. He can't rest, and he won't let me rest till I have paid him prineipal and in terest--compound interest.. ,Yce,: well [ am able to do that even.' We sat silent for a few minutes, then he spoke again. 'When I first went into btisihess with my borrowed capital, nothing I touched. roally succeeded I found myself going bahk-back. MFr better was my pbsi tion as clerk, then at least I slept soutid at nights, and relished my meals. But I had tasted of so-called independence, and I could not go bnek to be at the beck and call of an employer. - Ah ! no employer ever made me work so hard as Mr. Elmsdloe; no beck' and call were so imperative as hi . . * 1 pads over a long time of anxiety, struggle, and hardship .The .world thought me a prosperous man; probably no human being, save Mr. Elmedale, understood my real position, and he made my position attost unendurable. ' Uow I came first to bet on races, would be a long story, longer than I have time to toll; but my tefting begun on a very small scale, and I always won -always in the beginning. I won so cleverly, and so continuously, that finally I began to hope for deliverance from Mr. Elisdale's clutohes. 'I don't know howv'-tho narrative was not recited straight on ias am writ ing it, but by starts, tis strength served him-' Mr. Ellmtdule ascertained I was devoting myself to the turf: all I can say is,' ho did ascertain the fact, arid followed me down to Ascot to make sure tierer was no mistake in his informa tion ' Atkthe previoui Derby my luck had began to turn. I had lost then, heavily for me, and he taxed me with having done so. ' In equity, and at law, be had then the power of foreclosingf on every house and road of ground I owned. I was in his power--in the power of Robert Elmsdale. Think of it-But you never knew him. Yonng man, you ought to kneel down and thank God you were never so placed as to be in the power of ouch a devil. ' If ever you should get in the power of a man like Rtobert Elmsdale, don't offend him. It is bad enough to owe him money; but it is worse for him to owe you a grudge. I had offended him. He was always worrying me about his wife-lamenting her ill- health, extolling her beauty, glorifying himself on having married a woman of birth and breeding, just as if his were the only wife in the world, as if other men had not at home women twice as good, if not as handsomo as Miss Blake's sister. " Under Miss Blake's insoleuce I writhed; and once, whenmy usual pru dence deserted me, I told Mr. Elmsdale I had been in Ireland and seen the paternal Blake's ancestral cabin, and ancbrtained none of the family had ever mixed amongst the upper thousand, or whatever the number may be which goes to make up society in the Isle of Saints. 'It was foolish, and it was wrong; lut I could not help saying what I did, and from that hour he was my mortal enemy. Hitherto he had merely been my ereditor. My own imprudent speech transformed him into a man lying in wait to ruin me. 'fle bided his time, lie was a man who could wait for years before he struck, but who would never strike till he could make sure of inflicting a mortal wound. Elo drew me more and more into his power, and then he told me he did not intend to continue trusting anyone who betted-that he must have his money If he had not it by a certain date, which he named, he would foreclose. 'That meant he would beggar me, and I with an ailing wife and a large family ! ' I appealed to him. I don't remem ber now what I said, but I do recollest I might as well have talked to stone. 'What I endured during the time which followed, I could not describe, were I to talk for ever. Till a man in extremity tries to raise money1 he never understands the difficulty of doing so. I had been short of money every hour since I first engaged in business, and yet I never comprehended the meaning of a dead-lock till then. ' One day, in the City, when I was almost mad with anxiety, I met Mr. Elmsdale. ''Shall you be ready for me, Hao ringford ?' he asked. " I do not know-I hope so,' I an swered ' Well, remember, if you are not pro pared with the money, I shall be pro pared to act,' he said, with an evil smile. To be Continued. 