MELBOURNE. December 15. Mr. Graham Berry has tabled a motion of want of confidence against the Government. The follchving intended addition to Mr. P. I Norton's race programme for Boxing Dav reached us too late for insertion in its proper place — Seventh Race. A Trotting- Race, for a Gentleman's Saddle, to start at 5,30 ; 10 stone up ; twice round. [Advt.] A. K. Bruce, Kent-street, has unpacked his third original case of those highly-approved Seltzogenes, which he now offers at a less price than before. These Machines produce Aerated Waters at a cost of one halfpenny per bottle. — [Advt.] The iron steamer built at the Vulcan Foundry, to the order of Messrs. J. H. and R. G. Gilbert, will be launched from thfe Victoria Ferry .at eleven o'clock this morning. Efforts are being made to continue the moonlight concerts. The trial trip to Tin Can Bay of Messrs. Ramsay and Co.'s new steamer would appear to be perfectly satisfactory. She returned to the mill last night, having in tow a large raft. Mrs. R. B. Sheridan, we notice, has opened a subscription list with the intention of regal ing the Hospital patients on Christmas Day. So commendable an object will recommend itself to everyone. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Council will be held on Tuesday. The follow* ing notice of motion has been tabled by the Mayor : — ' That in order to enable this Council to mature and carry out a comprehensive scheme for draining and sewerage in this Municipality, the Government be asked to set aside the unsold lands within the Municipal boundary (as per schedule) for future sale, the proceeds to be ajJ^lied to constructing such contemplated work.' The following are the eleven chosen to rep sent the Undaunted Club in the match against the Aengarie Club on Boxing Day : — Messrs. J. Murphy, Jas. Hatton, A. Goodwin, W. Good win, J.' Stunim, J. Fulton, J. W. Scott, G. H. Burn, J. Pierce, R. Hughes, and J. E. Noakes. Emergency — T. Kramer, J. Bartholomew, R. Halpin, and T. Miller. Those members who find that they cannot take part in the match will only be acting fairly by giving early notice to the secretary. Mr. Seymour, the Commissioner of Police, visited Maryborough by the Lady Young, steamer. The constables were paraded before him, and he inspected the police barracks, making memoranda of certain requirements that were brought under his notice. A MAN came to the police station last night with a strange tale. He said that 'he had walked from Cooktown in search of work, and that when he left he had no blanket or swag, and only half-a-crown in money. His appear ance denoted that he had undergone great hardships. He was accommodated with a feed and a night's lodging, and as he says he is a wheelwright he should have no difficulty in obtaining employment. A man named J, Brown, narrowly escaped j very severe injuries th& other day. He was employed at the construction of the bridge over the Amameor Cfeek^dn the Imbil Itoad. - He' was working on th4 stringers, when, losing his balance, he fell _a;!idepth of sixteen feet. His elbow struck the -head of a pile, and thence he fell into the water '-of the creek. Strange to relate, the bones of the arm escaped being broken, and the man escaped with a severe shaking. Mr. Bragg, tbe District Inspector of Roads, returned to town on Wednesday, after a gene ral inspection of the southern portion of the Wide Bay District, namely, Gympie, Maroochie, Imbil, Widges, Broonya and Miva. It is pro posed to repair the roads at once near Ydsidina, between Gympie and Glastonbury . probably bridging Eel Creek. There are jflso several other repairs contemplated on this road. The proposed site for the bridge at Miva was fixed. It will be in a line with the present road. Mr. Byrne, the District Surveyor, is now taking sections of it. The country in the neighbor hood of Widgee, Broouya, and Grlastonbury, Mr. Bragg informs ns, looks very well, though the creeks are dried up, otherwise, the country igenerally is much in need of rain. \ A Mrs. Moore, living in North-street, caused same alarm in her neighborhood on Thursday evening. Her husband was absent from home, and her only companion was a young girl. When about :to retire to bed she remembered that she had left the parrot on the verandah, and went outside to bring it in. Inside her garden, and crouching in the shadow of the fehce, she saw, or thought she saw, a black fellow. TheEndah Road outrage rushed to her mind, and 6he immediately concluded that the intruder must be a Kn.na.lrn.. Unearthly screams, culminating in a fit of hysterics, roused the neighbors, but before their arrival the man, or bogie, or whatever it was, had disappeared. The Xmas holidays begin at the Primary School to-day. Nobody, we are sure, will be grudge the insufficient and hard worked staff of teachers their well- earned rest, nor will their pupils be the worse for a few weeks respite from the unhealthy influences of crowded school-rooms, in trying weather like the present, when the atmosphere is teeming with miasma The Queens Hotel was robbed during the week. The landlady's bedroom was entered and a pair of boots and sundry trifling articles abstracted. The matter was placed in the hands of the police, and the goods traced to the possession of a girl ten years old, who had been seen loitering about the premises. We shall probably hear more about it. We regret to say that numerous indications point to the approach of another epidemic of typhoid fever, similar to that which swept over the town two or three years ago, claiming numerous victims as its tribute. There are numerous cases in the town, and we -have heard of an alarming outbreak on some of the farms up the river, of which we have been unable to obtain any definite particulars. This discouraging visitation is' no doubt attributable to the scarcity, and consequent bad quality of the water used for domestic purposes, and it would be idle to expect any material allevia tion until the district has received a thorough drenching from the clouds. All the rain that has fallen during the last three months would barely suffice, if compressed into the space of a single week, to maintain a healthy degree of terrestrial humidity during that brief period ; and until we are visited with more copious sup plies, the prevalent unhealthy conditions of earth and sky will necessarily continue. It is practically impossible for the great majority, whose time is already more than fully occupied- to comply with the precautionaiy injunctions of medical science — e.g., to boil or filter all water beifore using, and to devote long hours to ' cleaning up ' and sanitary improvements in and around their dwellings. This sort of advice looks veiy well on paper, but people who have to toil hard from morning till night, no matter how oppressive the weather, to pro cure the barest necessaries for their families, know how hollow it is when addressed to them. Unless copious rain Mis soon, we much fear that all the hygienic preaching in the world will not preserve the town and itsjneigliborhood from paying a heavy tribute to mortality. The examination of 'Captain Cook,' the islander who was called as a witness for the prosecution in the Iindah road case, on Wed nesday, is memorable as being the first instance, in Maryborough at least, of the admission of tne unsworn evidence or a Polynesian under the Oaths' Act. And it must be confessed that the result in this instance amply justified the relaxation of rigid formularies which that measure will be instrumental in bringing to pass. ' Captain Cook's' testimony was ten dered with a straightforward and simple dig nity that bespoke more credit than the loudest asseverations, fortified with an oath on the Styx itself, would have done ; and those who were present in Court on that occasion will agree with us that the ' boy's'' demeanour in the wit ness-box and evident conviction of the solemnity of the proceeding on which he was engaged, would have shamed many a white. The non-arrival of the steamer from Bris bane on the accustomed date, ban been the cause of much inconvcnience to business people and correspondents in this town. No cause has been assigned for delaying her de parture, nor does the traffic manager appear to have considered it necessary to advise the Maryborough agents of the A.S.N. Company of her movements, as up to a late hour yesterday we were wholly unable to procure any informa tion respecting ? the time of her probable arrival. But . for the opportune arrival of the Edina, early in the week, and the newlyesta blished mail service via Noosa, we should have been but poorly off for southern news this week. [It was not till past four yesterday that we were made aware, by a public telegram posted at the telegraph office, that the steamer (Lady Bowen) hacl left for Maryborough at one o'clock that day. She is therefore due here ? this afternoon.] Theiie was ' almost' a big fire on Thursday evening. A kerosene lamp burst in Mr. Sims' house, it Lennox-street. It was standing, at the time of the explosion, on the table, in the midst of a quantity of dress material wh ich Mrs, Sims was engaged in ' making up.' The burning kerosene communicated the flames to the dress fabrics, and a monster blaze was the result. Fortunately, Mr. Sim, who was in the room at the time, had the presence of mind to smother the fire with a blanket, and thus, when the neighbors, attracted by the glare, came to the rescue, the danger had passed. Let tyrants tremble ! The Btmdaberg Star announces that it is intended to hold a public meeting on Saturday week outside the Court House at four o'clock in the afternoon. The object of the meeting, is to give utterance to the wide-spread feeling against the obstructive policy pursued by the Upper House, particu larly in reference to railways and other pro gressive measures ; to urge its abolition as at present constituted, und the substitution of an elective body. Who would be an M.L.C. under such alarming circumstauces ? Br the courtesy of Mr. Postmaster Kelly, we (^Bundaberg Mail) learn that the Miriam Vale or Baffle Creek mail was despatched for the first' time at 9 a.m. on Friday morning last. The contractor is Mr. Alex. Walker, of Bingera. Passing across the Burnett at Bingera, this mail reaches. Baffle Croek on Friday evening, leaves on Saturday morning and arrives at Miriam Vale the same evening, picks up the Gladstone and Rockhampton mails and returns to Baffle Creek on Sunday evening ; leaves there on Monday morning and arrives in Bun daberg the same evening at 4 p.m., in time to catch the southern mails via Maryborough on Tuesday morning. The establishment of this new overland rente will obviate the delay in sending letters for Gladstone and Rockhamp ton to Maryborough, there to await a steamer to take them to their destination. Rockhampton seems to have been visited by a terrific storm last week. The Northern Argiis records that a cottage situate on the flat below the Hospital, was dismantled by the hurricane, which forced in one of the gables, and carried the roof, both the iron and wood work, right away. The occupants of the house were . in the sitting-room at the time. The children, a little scared, had got under the table, when the lamp was blown out by a gust of wind, and on the inmates looking up they missed the roof, not a, sound being audible except that produced by the dash of the wind and rain on the frail tenement. The family took refuge in the adjoining cottage, thank ful to have escaped injury. After the storm jhe house was found to be seriously damaged. The verandah had also been carried away, and the chimney-stack turned partly round, in a rather ornamental fashion. The gable was the only part that had fallen inside, and in its descent it smashed a hand basin iu the bedroom. An idea of the force of the wind may be gathered from the fact that the roof was carried right over an adjacent tenement, and driven with great vio lence against the chimney at the further end, which it threw down. Hie bedding and every thing else in the cottage was found soaked with rain. We also heard that the window of a cottage situated near the Range, had been blown in. The other casualties of the storm were confined to matters of less note, such as the ripping off of verandah roofs, &c.; The New Guinea Mission. — A private letter just to hand from Torres Straits says : — 'November 22nd.— The wife of Dr. Turner, one of the missionaries, died last night. She had scarcely been married k year, poor thing. Her . baby was born a few days before she died. The climate of New Guinea has proved fatal to her. She never should have been allowed to come. It is no place for weakly enthusiastic women. Strong men are bowled over in a very short time. The John Williams takes away the wretched remains of the teachers she brought, here two years ago. About fourteen only out of thirty-four survive! Mr. Lawes has been compelled to abandon Port Moresby on ac count of the deadly climate, and the lavish ex penditure of the last two years might as well have been pitched into the ocean for all the results. It is really pitiful to see men like Mr. Lawes sacrificing their health and lives : and more so to see their unfortunate families sub jected to such frightful risks. Better far to be killed outright by the savages than be slowly tortured to death by the deadly fever of New Guinea. Port Moresby has been fitly desig nated 'The grave of the Mission.' The rev. head of the ' mission' takes care to keep himself^ and belongings in Gaiety'— Telegraph. An awe inspiring and mysterious episode occurred at trie last meeting of Hie Toowooiuba Municipal Council. Preparatory to commenc ing the regular proceedings, the members of the Finance Committee went apart, like a jury, -to consider their verdict in a s palate room. In a few minutes His Worship thu Mayor re appeared at the door, and, in a solemn manner, beckoned the remaining aldermen to follow him, very much in the monner of the Ghost in Hamlet Obedirnt to the summons, the aldermen filed in. and the door was shut. There remained outside three ^active reporters — we beg their pardons, three intelligent editors - and the Town Clerk. 1 he three active — that is to say intelligent editors. with one accord' by a common pro fessional insi inct, made a move for the keyhole, but recol ecting each other's presenee, falter d and refrained lhe next ten nainu'es were occupied by these lofty intellects in trying (ineffectually) to convince one another that they were not at all curious about what was going on inside, the only indifferent person being the Town Clerk, who is not deserving of the least credit for his collected manner, inasmuch as he is accustomed to collecting, and besides knew he was certain to learn all about it. After a period of agonizing suspense, the mystic portal re-opened, and the solemn conclave marched out in procession and resumed their p'aces at the table, while the Mayor mounted his throne* and, observing the torturing curiosity painted on the noble features of the intellectual three, before seating himself he assuaged their agonies by — blowing his nose. — Darling Downs Gazette. A telegram from Stawell, Victoria, states : — Mr. John Holt, justice of the peace, and owner of Ledcourt Station, squatter, has been found drowned in a dam adjoining his house at Ledcourt. Mr. Holt left Ms house about eight o'clock this morning, and was not seen again until his body was found in the dam. It is supposed that the deceased gentleman com mitted suicide. The news created a great sen sation in the district, as Mr. Holt was well known and widely respected. Mr. Holt was in Satwell yesterday, and consulted a medical man. He was advised to go home quickly, as he was then in a high state of fever. [The de ceased gentleman was connected with this district, having been the proprietor of Cother stone station.] —Peak Downs Telegram. 