A STOBT OF CRATHORNE CHASE. ALMOST in the centre of Orsnborne Chase, onoe part of the New Forrest, and which, aa late as 1828, contained some twelve thousand deer, looked Bfter by six rangers under the orders of Lord Waters, there stands, seven miles from Cranborne, a small public-bouse called tba Bald headed Stag, with half a dozen keepers' and shepherds' houses to keep it company. Dp one of the low grassy tracts, which are called in Wiltshire "ox drives," and rounds shoulder of the rolling down where three low lines of grassy rampart showed that a Beman camp had once stood, esme a sturdy young keeper, bis trusty gun on his shoulder and his dog at his bsels. He was a fine well- knit young fellow of, say, three-and-twenty ; his face shrewd and defiant ; his step firm and light. His old brown velvet shooting jacket waa rubbed white on the right shoulder, and he wore in bis grey felt bat, which was girt with trout flies, a little green tuft from a king-fisher's wing. His flesh had that peculiar hardness about it tbat implies perfect health, and he locked round with that sort of command that supervisors acquire, aa he scanned the woodlands and copses scattered here and thera>beIow bim. The slightest thing seemed to catch his eye : a tuft of lark's feathers, where a hawk had been feeding ; a few scattered badger's hairs ; a fresh mole-hill ; and the print of deer's feet, or a scrap of rabbit's fur he observed and noted as he passed. Once he stopped, and eat down on a little grassy mound, which a wheatear vacated for him, to scrape out bis blsok brier-root and quietly reload, while his dog searched the next tussock of dry grass for a rabbit, and juBt then an old gentleman rode around the corner of the camp and pulled up bis horse when he saw him. " Young Garge," as the keeper was always called, touched bis wideawake with the fore- finger of bis right hand. " Don't you stand up in this oountry when you meet a gentleman ?" said the ranger, petu- lantly, at the same time striking one of his gaitered legs with his " crop." "Only when we knows 'em, mister," said George, rising civilly as he addressed the ranger. '.' I know every one round here, but you be a étranger to me." " Do yon idlemucb of your time away smoking like that, my friend P" inquired the stranger, sharply. " What right have you to inquire how I spend my time, mister," said George, a little " up " at this interference. " If you want to know, this is my meal time, aud I choose to spend it smoking. Don't you never spend time worsp? " You're an impertinent fellow," broke out the gentlemen, in a fury, "and I beg to tell you I sm Herbert Harcourt, Esq., of Beauchamp I Lodge, the new ranger, and I have power I to diimiss you or any other insolent keeper from his post at one word. I Bm not goiog to let I things go to ruin as my predecessor did. The I poachers kill the deer here, I am told, with im- j punity, and all owing to lazy fellows like you." ¡ ?'There has been no buck ever shot in my 1 walk," said George, bristling up, and throwing ¡ his gun carelessly on his right shoulder. " The ¡ one killed a fortnight ago was in Woodgatea j Walk, old Joe Levison's walk." " Ob, then you have not heard," said the new ranger, " that a buck was killed last night, nota ' mile from Dowberry Rings ?" . j " No, sir, I hive not." | " There wa« then, and the forequarter was ; found in a hollow tree near the big oak in Rush- ! mere Walk. His lordship is very angry, and 1 declares he'll turn away the next keeper who ' loses a deer from his beat. There is connivance j with this gang suspected somewhere, and we I must get to the bottom of it. I am a arranger here, but they tell me that a rascal named Blaok I Jack, of Woodgates, actually mikes a living, i killing and selling his lordship's deer, and some at least, of the keepors are conniving at the robbery. Were you at the Big Oak last night P Bushmen Walk is in your beat, I think. It is set down so in the book they showed me this morning." ? " Rushmere was in my walk," said George, boldly, not flinching a hair's breadth ; " but Iast week Lord Waters sent and ordered us all to change about ; so old Bolton took Rushmere and I took Woodgates. There has never been a deer, sir, killed in any walk I've had since I've been here." " Perhaps so, perhaps so ; but, I can tell all you keepers, things are not going on as they have gone. I'm going to have better watch. Those rascals learn your beats from some of you. Now come, don't you ever get talking at the publichouse about the line you're going to take et night, with threats sod brags of what you'll do if you meet a deer-Btealer-now, come!" " Never, sir !" said George, quietly. " I don't tell even my own father the line I'm going to take. I make it a rule." " And have you no sweetheart-come, now that you sometimes talk ,to about it, and who, perhaps, goes and tells aome friend of these rogues P" George's cheek slightly reddened, as he fulled about the dog-wbistle at his button-hole, and made no reply ; for the fact was, be often told pretty Hetty Dawson where he should be in the Chase at a certain hour, that he might meet her on ber way home from Shaftesbury Market In half an hour's time such a pleasant little meeting might, indeed, not improbably take place at Duncastle Ring, Ab ! I see ( I've hit it at last. So you men go and tell your sweethearts, and they tell their other lovers, who tell come of the gang, and so my lord's deer get killed." The young keeper's cheek flushed quick and angrily. " Hetty," he said-" I mean the only young woman I ever mention my walks to-has no other lovers ; and nothing; I am sure ever escapes her lips." " Oh, bf course not ! women are so reliable, and never have two strings to their bows ! Take my advice-tel] no one ; for so «ure as another deer is killed, and the poacher not caught, away go the whole lot of you, and FII try some of my Yorkshire men from the estate which Pve been superintending. I will not have men who are in correspondence with deer-poachers." "There is nc stain on my character, sir," said the young keeper, proudly. " I've never been found off my post the sevan years Tve been here." " I can only judge from what I find now," said the ranger's depnly ; "and it is as bad as bad can be. If you had been all Border men, there would bave been none of this shameful deer-stealing. Now, mind what I bare said: those who can't obey me go. Keep to your own walk to night, and I'll send and tell old Bolton to keep to his. I'll havs none of this piecemeal business." And es saying, the angry Jack-in-office struck the handsome chestnut cob be rode with his i crop, and dashed off straight across the Downs at a sharp canter. He left the young keeper a : thoroughly unhappy man-bis pride burt, his suspioionsroussd,hisopinionof mankind lowered. i If honest service brought no better return than 1 this, and the reports of such men were to be all : that Lord Waters beard, what chance had he of ever rising from the ranks P How came the j deer-poachers to get intelligence of the keeper's walks P Whioh waa the black sheep among hil . fellow! r It could not be, surely, honest old Bolton or fiery Ned Holmes, who had been nearly killed in a poaohing fray, or silent Fred Hume, who spent all his time trapping by him- self P A sudden thought struck bim. He would not ero» into old Bolton's walk, where Dun castle Bings were, but he would climb the hill abor« tbe camp, and, if hs saw signs of Hetty on her way from market, signal to her to come across. A few minu'es' run brought bim to the top of the highest ware of the Down. Here be waited and waited, ranging over the Talley and scanning every rabbit that Sashed from furze to furze, and erery orow that alighted within five hundred yards. Suddenly, a little figure ran round the shoulder of the ring of Druidical stones, and waved handkerchief. George started, and held up his gun ; and down the figure cams into the valley, and up the hill to tbs camp. He strode down to meet her, and she, rosy with the run, came laughing towards him. " Why, how lats you are, George," she said, in reply to half a dozen kisses, " a nioe, gallant lover, I'm sure, to let me wait up there ten minutes ; and I'd prepared Buch a surprise for you. Fd hidden behind the big stone, ready to jump up like a ghost when you came into the Bing. Oh, George, eggs are so nice and dear at Shaftesbury to-day, and I get suob a lot of money for Auntie. But you don't look your- self to-day ; you're not ill P It's that horrid night- watching in the cold." * " fee ; Tvs been vexed, Hetty. The ranger's new deputy has been rating me about the deer posohsrs. Thors wss another buck killed last night, up by the Big Oak." " But that was not your walk, George, last night." " No, not mine. Old Bolton, you remember I told you, would exchange last night. It's that Black Jack again. Hetty, I'd give a year's wages to have my fingers on that man's throat." " Oh, George, don't look like that. I never like to ees you look like that. You did once, do you remember, when you were jealous with me for speaking to Black Jock, and accepting bis prssent at Salisbury Fair." " It would maka you look so, Hetty, to be suspected by a stuck-up fellow like that ; and, you know, I would rather cut off both my hands here, at once, than mix myself up with rascals like Black Jack and his gang, and lose my character with Lord Waters. Now listen here, Hetty," He took her hands as fas spoke, and sat ber down beside him ou the grass. "Is it anything very seroius," said Hetty, laughing. " Am I going to be put on my oath like people at the 'Sizes?" "Don't laugh. Hetty i it is really very serióos," said George, still holding her bands firmly in bis, and looking straight into her clear, brown eyes. " Tell me, have you mentioned to any one that I and old Bolton were to change our walks last night ? The deer-stealers have beard of that. They can do what they like with him. You know bow he drinks." " Am I on my oath-solemn, binding oath," laughed Hetty, shaking hsr lover's hands up and down. I ''Yes, really." I ** And you won't be very, very angry if I tell you? "Of course not, Hetty ; how could I be angry with you ?" j " Well, then, I did ; but don't ask me who." ; There was a smile of good natured mischief in 1 her eye, as she looked down and then up. j " But I mu«t know who. That is all I have i to work upon." j " Oh, it wasn't a deer-atealer. Don't imagine it was Blackjack!" " No. I am sure it wasn't, Hetty. But now : tell me, Hetty, for I'm mad to get a clue to j these fellows." I " Must I ?" said Hetty, coaxingly. I " You must ; if you love me, you must." " And you won't be vexed or angry ?" I " No. Why should IP Tell me at once." *' You'll be angry." " Never mind. Tell me. I feel sure it will I give me some clue. I know it is on the strength I of this the villains went to Rushmore." I .' Osn't you guess P'' .* No." " Then it wes my uncle from the Baldbeaded Stag" " Your uncle !" gasped George, and his hand shook so that his gun almost dropped. " Then that's where they meet. I suspected it." " And is this the wsy yon are going to leave me ?" pouted Hetty, with a pretty affectation of injured dignity, BS George prepared to depart. " li's B matter of life and death, Hetty ; end if you love me you wouldn't keep me. I shall see or hear of these rasoals st the Bald-headed Stag." " Oh, dn not go after them. That Black Jack will kill you. He fears nothing." " No mors do I, Hetty. There, good-bye," and he olasped her in bis arms. " I think I'm on their track now. Wish me success." " I do, George, I do !" and ai the young keeper sprang down the hill, Hetty sat down on the grass end burst into tears. A few minutes more, and young George stood at the door of the Bald-headed Stag. He stepped quickly into the parlour of the little village public-bouse and looked round. All his sus- picions were confirmed. There, among one or I two keepers and half a dozen disreputable loafers, sat old Bolton, his fellow keeper, very drunk. By the fire; with his back to the door, sat Dawson, the landlord, Hetty's unole, in Close confabulation with a short, red-bearded man, well known as a comrade of Black Jack, tbs deer-poacher. " Why, it's our young Garge," ssidoldBolton, staggering up to him and slapping him on the shoulder ; " come and have some yell ; there's no yell like Bald- headed Stag's in these 'ere parts, and we've had ranger here this morning, swear- ing away about that buck that was killed yester- day! and I told him it was the one Lord Wolverton's hounds worried wheu they esme here, and tbst he'd never get over it. But he said, ' All very well ; but that don't scoount for the bind quarter being gone ;' so I up and told him, that very likely you had taken that to the kennel to give to the younds. I trioked 'un at la>t, didn't T, Master Dawson P Stuck up fool ! telling people their dootiei, who know 'em better than be does. ' I say, George, if you ever comes across Black Jack in one of those businesses, you take my advice-square it as I do." The half-drunken companions af the old keeper cheered this sentence, and called George to ehare the pot with them. " We don't change walks to-night, George," said old Bolton, filling a long pipe with a shaky hand, "so you needn't go back till duBk. Ranger bas ridden off Salisbury way, to see if he could trace tbe venison ; but, bless yer! that's st Lunnon-town by this time." "VU not drink with yon, Bolton," said George, "nor with your companions either. They're not the sort of men I want to associate with. I'm after the men you signalled to just now. Dawson, I ask yon, in Lord Waters's mme, was not one of those men Blsck Jsck P Your lease ii nearly up j and I warn you that unless you tell me the truth, I will indict you as an aider and abettor of deer-poachers. All I want to know is, was that Blaok Jack you sig- nalled to, and the way hs is gone ?" "Now, don't se go after him, George; now, don't er," maundered the frightened landlord ; " he's a dead shot, and he's sworn he'll kui the first man who lays hands on him. He said it of Îrou, not half an boar ego, 'n thu very room. I ike you, lad, and my niece Hetty likes yon. Now, don't throw your Hf« away like that, for Jack is a desperate fellow when his blood's up. Tate my advice : let well alone, or Jsck'll eli sot ee dead, as if yon were only a wild oat." " Then it was Black Jack ; and m have bim," said George, grinding his teeth ; " yon mind my gun, Bolton, for I won't be drif.n into murder." '? I wouldn't; George ; he'd think no more of shooting ee than though you were a stoat," cried old Bolton. "Do af I do-square it. Here, men, hold him back ; it's murder to let him go. Who'll mind our families if we get Bhot f " The men olosed round George, and tried to detain him with friendly grip, with coaxing and by force ¡ but George struck them asunder, flew to the door, and was down the road and over the hedge in a moment, like a deer, in the direction he had seen the signal waved. " I always thought they were a bad lot at Woodgates," he thought to himself as he stood and rested, holding on to a young saplin beech ¡ " but I didn't tbink they bad been bought over in a lump like that, and then the whole gang will drop asunder. He's scared them all, and if I could nab him, who knows if I might some day get head-keeper and live with Hetty in that fine h«i»e at Craubome ? One can't get such a prize without a tussel." It was about Ave o'clock, and very hot, and George half thought it might be as well to go and get a cup of tea, ata friend's close by, before starting on a four or five hours' search. The lad half tprned back towards Woodgates, when, looking down over the covert, from s^me high ground which commanded a view, he happened to catt his eyes up to the right towards Stock Copse he saw a man walking slowing up the side of it, with a gun under his arm. George immediately started in pursuit, and drawing near recognised the man be wanted. Black Jack turned bis bead and seeing bc was pursued sprang over a stile into a field, and the chase b 'gan in earnest. But let' us tell this part of the story in young George's own identical words : " When I saw it was he," said George, " I almost gave it up as s bad job. He was so far in advance of me, with all them sheep hurdles in between, and now and then he looked round in a mocking kind of manner, as much as tossy you are a stout man if you think to take me ; and be seemed so lissome like, and ao aotive, that I verily thought I should have bad to put it off for that day at least. But, somehow, I considered within myself that I would not allow bim to beet me ; and I was a youngish man then, sir, and not easily daunted by anything, eo I took a resloutoin to follow him, come what would. In a few moments I had bundled through the hurdles, and scrambled through an adjoining hedge, and looked about me for my man. Him I beheld at a good distance off, making his best pace to outrun me at once, and and so get off clear. I started behind, end did my best, but it WJS trying work over the heavy land. I th' lUght at one time that I should never make the distance shorter between us, but by degrees I got nearer, so near that I could hear his laboure ! breathing and puffing. This gave me some encourageaient, *nd I continued to follow, though et eeve.el vsrda behi'id h iping to snap him by-und-by. You may faocy that at this time I was not altogether in a state to keep up the chats, and if it had not been fir a feeling that I would take bim, if possible, I could not have reserved many minutes longer in following, A few minutes more brought ue both to a place on the Blandford-road, haring run four miles, and I was still jogging on, thinking how I should get up to him. All uf a sudden he etappped short and turned round, at the same time pre- senting bis gun full at my body, swearing as he did so, that if I came nearer be would fire into me. The gun was cocked all the time, and loaded with twelve slugs (as afterwards ascer- tained). Almost immediately, however-I don't jknow what made him hesitate-ho ran forward ag lin, all down through an entrench- ment. I was gaining on him-I felt it. My blood was up ; I would have him, and was al- ready within ten yords of him/ hy din' il sheer struggling i a few minutes more, and I should come to close quarters. I looked up and saw him again facing me-the gun pointed at my bead, and his eye looking along the barrel. I sprang forward and knocked up the gun with one band, and rammed the fingers of my other in his red neck-bandkercher. " Not a word wai spoken : but Jack knew he had to fight, for it, or bis hour bsd come, and to it we went, sir, hot enough I can tell you. With his heavy- tipped boots he kicked at my legs, every kick cutting me as if you bad Blashea them with a reaping-hook. The bones were bare before we bad been ten minutes at it, and be leiped and struggled like a mad bull, and cursed himself, no doubt to himself, for not having fired when he had had the chance. I thought, when I tried to pinion him, that he would have torn my two arms off, and I had to beat bim heavily in the face before I could qniet him and get hie gun from bim and in my left hand, and hold him fast with t he other, as I tried (I was far from home) to drag him to the Thorney down public-house. " We had not proceeded far, even then, before he rebelled, so I was forced to put the gun down and tackle bim again, Io all my life I never met with such a man. He never seemed to give in, and he kicked my shins so that I could scarcely stand. When be tried to get at his knife, I felled him three times running, and as for pounding we were both pretty well pounded ¡ and the moment I had girenthe man into Lord Waters's custody at Bushmen, I fell down in whit they call a faint. Yes ; it had been a great struggle, sir." I need scarcely say thst, after this tumble, Georee's fortune rapidly rose. Hetty's uncle bolted in the night, and after Black Jack's transportation for life, the deer-p>aching gang of Cranborne Chase quickly disappeared. There was a rapid supply of new keepers, the deputy ranger's interference was promptly stopped, and George very soon rose to tbe dignity of head keeper. When I last saw him he wa« landlord of the Bald-headed Stag.--iff the Tear Sound. Wm ia a lady at a ball like an arrow? Because she can't go off without a beau, and is in a quiver till she gets one. MATBI-MONY.-Wife-"You said you woulp grudge me nothing, I was so very dear to you ?" Husband - "But, dear, the word does not always mean expensive !" " To WOKAH!"-A neweong has been recently published dedicated to woman, wherein the poet declares that be loves ber still! Our married man says that's how he prefers ber. A Mut lately adrertised thst, for fire shillings he would send to any address a handsome package containing one hundred presents. Each package turned out to be a paper of pins. SIMPLE PEOOEBS.-The way they weigh hogs in Kansas is as follows :-They first tie the hog to one end of tbs rsi!, balance tbe rail on a fence with rocks tied to the other end, and then guess how much the rooks weigh. TH« southern negroes sra mystified over the recent visits of cyolones and hurricanes, and an aged Savannah darkey remarks-" If dese yer winds can't be toned down a little, what's de use of bnying mules and 'cumulating a family ?" LANGUAGE OF FLOWEEB.-A young lady re- ceived the following note, accompanied by a *' bucket of Sours ;"-"I send you bi the boy a bucket of flours. They is like my luv for u, the night shade m OBOS keep dark, the dog fenil means i em your slave, rosis red and posis pale, mi luv for yon shall never fais." _ Boctsunrax. - Priste! bj C. H. BOTICOTT, «ole çro Sletor, at the BCLUTIS steam printing Once, soham-street,'Juty s, 1876. 