CHRISTMAS. It may seem strange at first eight that of all the Christian festivals, Christmas should be singled out as the great annual opportunity for social enjoyment. If we revert to our firsi; Christian principles, we can hardly allow that this great event which we commemorate now, holds a more prominent place in the Divine Scheme than the Resurrection or the descent of the Holy Ghost to the Church. These festivals have a character peculiarly their own, but that character has never assumed the more social aspect of Christmas. If, however, we consider the purely social changes brought about by the Nativity, we will see that Chistmas festivities are but the natural expression of what all Christians feel that the Nativity did for the human race. Previous to the coming of our Blessed Lord, our Christian idea of love was un known. There was no word in either the Greek or Latin languages to express our idea of Christian love. All doubt as to the morality of a man having more than one wife was finally removed. Even the affections were shorn of their grosser attributes. The position of the woman has been raised. Love, which in the classical acceptation of the term meant little more than an instinct, has since the teaching of our Blessed Lord attained the rank of an acquired and cultivated virtue. Hence the hospitals and charitable institu tions which are indigenous in Christendom. All this we owe wholly and solely to the coming of our Lord. Hence the social as well as the religious aspect of the Nativity. However marred the Feast may be by the personal failings of indi vidual Christians, it is right and natural that it should be the best opportunity for family gatherings and social unity. Eighteen centuries ago the angels sang ' Peace and good will towards man,' and it is a sign of the vitality of Christianity that the echoes of that great song have not yet died away, but have found a ready re sponse in customs which after all are a rough expression of Christian love. Of course it is not to be -expected that as long 3s the wheat and chaff are mixed together every one will keep the Feast as it ought to be kept. The real interest of Christmas centres in the most awfully miraculous event that ever took place, and the way in which it is regarded by good Catholics is by no means one of unthinking levity or boisterous mirth. The Feast of Christmas calls us back through the mists of by-gone ages, to a scene at which was enacted the happiest event that ever took place in connection with our race, The thoughts kindled by such an event tend to elevate us into a higher and purer and more heavenly atmosphere than that in which our every day lives are spent. No earthly considerations can fill up the vacuum which the absence of such thoughts must create. Without them our happiness sinks into mere boisterousness. At such a season as this, to forget the religious character of the Feast in our keen appre ciation of its social character is, to say the least, ungrateful. To snatch a benefit without thanking the Giver, is hardly the way to commemorate the great doctrine which was first preached on Christmas Day. 