EPITOME OF NEWS. egf We compile the following from the various jour nals to hand:— jEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— I was told the other day that a deservedly popular Victorian novelist and litterateur has had addressed to him an invitation from tlie proprietors of the ' Daily Tele graph' (London) desiring to know on what terms he would join the staff of that paper. I have little doubt but that on the terms named his services will be accepted, and I am further sure that he won't discredit his Melbourne training. And, by the way, I believe that Mr. Bellew, formerly on the Melbourne press, is now acting young lovers' parts at the Haymarket Theatre, London, with con siderable success. The ' Herald' says:—A lucky thing for Captain Scott is the delay that has oc curred in the passage through Parliament of the Contempt of Justices Bill. The improved state of the Police Magistrate's health has for some few weeks past enabled him to take his proper place at the opening of the Court. The hon. member who has the bill in charge may surprised learp that tu;b or three of the unpaid magistrates look upon the presence of the Police Magistrate as an intrusion—an insult—a contempt, in fact—and instead of taking a seat 011 the Bench at the opening of the Court nurse their dignity and their indignation in the private room until Captain Scott leaves the Court, when with an air of injured innocence they make their public appear ance, and rush into the chair just vacated by the head of the department. A Honolulu paper says:—In March, 1875, two canoes, with some sixty persons on board, undertook to go from one is land to another of the Gilbert Group, but were blown off out of sight of land. They drifted for more than a month to the Westward, and one canoe was lost with all on board. The canoe withtwenty-two persons sighted Ebon (Marshall Group), soon after which it was broken up by the sea, and the people were, one by one, eaten by sharks, four only getting to land on the outrigger. They were kiudly cared for by the missionaries and the people of Ebon, and returned to their home by the Morning Star, during her last cruise. iEgles, of the * Australasian,' writes :— It does not always follow that a first-class mathematician could boil potatoes. An editor, although popularly, and not un justly, presumed to know, and to be able to do, everything, might not all at once realise a fortune by the business of clear starching. And here is a further illustra tion of the occasional unfitness of things. An eminent university man, second to no one as a professor of history, formerly lived in South Australia. He was owner of a small station, which he stocked with wethers only. At the end of the lambing season he was disappointed at finding there had been no increase. He mentioned this (the latter fact only) at the club in Adelaide, and a squatting friend told him he should buy some rams and run them with his flocks. He took the hint, and was next year as disap pointed as ever with the result. It was only after two seasons' failure that this accomplished gentleman—one, in his particular branch^ of learning, unsur passed in Europe—appreciated the mis take he had made. Recently a fire broke out in a small grocery store, kept by Mr. Edward Lee, in Bay-street, Sandridge. The fire, fanned by the stiff breeze blowing, burned with great rapidity, and soon extended to tlie premises of Mr. Alex ander Kerr, bootmaker, whose establish ment was under the same roof. Both shops were totally destroyed. The flames also reached the shop of Mr. May, butcher, which was slightly damaged, and the overhanging roof of the police station caught fire, but was extinguished before much damage was done, although the furniture of the watch-housekeeper's quarters suffered somewhat from precipi tate removal. The following are the particulars of the damage and insurances given by the ' Age':—Edward Lee, grocer, building and contents totally de stroyed, damage estimated at .£300, in sured in the New Zealand for £205. Alexander Kerr, bootmaker, building and contents totally destroyed, damage estimated at .£600, insured for £500 in the Imperial. The two buildings were insured in the Victorian and Australian for £400. Elizabeth Noel, a servant in the employ of Mr. Lee, states that she had locked up the house, and was going to turn off the gas at the meter. She took a kerosene lamp with her, which she placed upon the ground, when it imme diately exploded, and set fire to the premises. Mrs. Lee, a somewhat aged lady, was in bed at the time, but was removed from the burning building in safety. HSgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— Men of liberal views were pleasantly sur prised to find the Rev. J. Stobb, Pres byterian minister, taking part in a full cathedral service the other day at the Town Hall. And it is no less gratifying to hear of our old friend the Rev. Dr. Bromby, of the Church of England, occu pying the pulpit of the Scots' Church in Collins-street. Somehow I don't think that the want of apostolic succession in one case, or pronounced prelacy in the other, did any hearer a pennyworth of harm. And the sense of Christian good will and forbearance was certainly stimu lated. The ' Western Star' says :—As a proof of the sharpness of the police of Roma, we may state that Mr. White, a watch maker of this town, was a little surprised and amused, on Tuesday morning, by Sergeant Smyth stepping in and enquir ing if all his Albert chains were right, and he answered in the affirmative ; but the sergeant persisted they were not. Mr. White, to satisfy him, collected and counted them, when he found one of his chains had disappeared, causing him to stare at his enquirer. The sergeant left, and returned again in about twenty minutes with a rather suspicious young man, and coolly pulled the missing chain out of his pocket, which Mr. White im mediately identified as his. The young man was invited by the sergeant to fresh quarters at the West End. On Thurs day morning this case came before the Court, when the thief was sentenced to four months' imprisonment. A N. Z. paper says :—The importance of swearing witnesses properly was illus trated at thd Dunedin resident magis trate's court a few days ago. A Roman Catholic witness had been sworn on a!. Protestant bible, and when asked whether!1 he considered tlfe oath binding on hisv conscience, he distinctly replied in the i negative. The ' Bay of Plenty Timesr>publishes the following particulars of the* -Maori murder at TairuaAn ' old Maori, named Petera Kokohi, has been murdered by three natives of the Wangareawea J tribe. The old man had been for some tim^S'uspected as a priest of the black art, and several deaths lately were attri buted to him. It was said that he had maku tried on the chief, Te Minihi, who died a few days ago. On Saturday, Jan. 8, three natives proceeded from Whanga uiatta to Tairua, where the old man resided, when he met the three natives. He asked if Minihi was dead. They re plied " Yes." He then said, "I suppose you have come to kill me," after which he rubbed noses with them, and adjourned to the public house. All got under the in fluence of liquor. The old man was then ordered to take his hat ofl", which he did, and received a crushing blow from a tomahawk, killing him instantaneously. Recently, at Maryborough, Qd., the wife of a labourer named Rixson died suddenly. Although a medical man stated it as his belief that she had died from apoplexy, subsequently her husband was arrested on a charge of murdering her. The Lithgow cor. of the 'Herald' writes :—Another very serious accident has occurred in connection with the rail way. It appears that one of the perma nent way men, named George Ford, who was working at Clarence Tunnel, was going /home to Rydal to (see one of his children, who was in a dying state. His family consisted of four children, the eldest of whom was thirteen years of age, and they resided with their aunt, their mother having been burnt to death some time ago. He was travelling by the mail train, and at Wallerawang got out for a few minutes, when the train started off j without him. There was no alternative but start to walk, so he set out on his journey of six or seven miles. When he got about two or three miles from Wal lerawang, it is supposed he sat down to rest and fell asleep. The mail to Sydney, which arrives at Wallerawang about fifteen minutes to 2 o'clock, ran over him. It 1 is supposed that when he heard the train approaching, he started up in a fright, and that the engine came in contact with his head, the top part of which was taken off just above the ears. Death must have been instantaneous. An inquest was held upon the body on Saturday, and a verdict of " accidental death" was recorded. No blame was attached to any one. He was not drunk at the time, as he was a sober, hardworking, industrious mau. A London cor. of the Melbourne ' Argus' writes :—On board the ill-fated Deutschland, which the men of Harwich did not rescue as they should have done, wereayoungcouplewhohadnever seen one another before, but who were destined to be a good deal—and very close—together ere the voyage was over. The youth was a German, Herr Hermann; the girl, a Miss Petyold, of New York. When the ship had struck, and the rising tide was submerging her, and drowning the poor women, he took her up with him into the rigging, and there held her throughout that terrible night. Beneath them were death and ruin ; sights and sounds un speakably awful. Some good creature in the shrouds above them handed down a bottle of whisky, corked (I mean the cork was in the bottle, for it was not a time to be fastidious as to the taste of anything). Hermann knocked its head off, and endea voured to administer the contents. " You are pouring it down my neck," observed the lady quietly. (She seems have been a miracle of good sense and courage.) It must have been difficult, indeed, to j drink out of a broken bottle, high in air, I and in a snow storm; but at last she ef- I fected it. Then the brave young fellow's ' limbs were dead, and by his directions she stamped upon his feet, and restored the | circulation. There were incidents more ! startling even than that, for the poor purser, who had no one to stamp on him, lost his foothold and came headlong past them to his death, striking the girl in his fall, and almost carrying her with him. "I made up my mind there and then," says Hermann, "that if we were saved this girl should be my wife ; and now the shipwreck has been no loss to me, but a gain, for she has promised to marry me." Will Honeycomb, of the ' Dubbo Dis patch,' writes :—A good story has been related to me. A gentleman bought a lot a lot of sheep from a squatter in the neighbourhood of Dubbo. The bargain was that there were to be no lambs. When taking delivery he came across some old ewes, whose gums were as free of a tooth as a back block in the present season of water. The buyer re jected them. The seller requested to know the reason why. "I objected to take lambs—I expressly stipulated there were to be no lambs." The vendor looked at the man for a minute, perfectly stupi fied—didn't know whether he was mad or only foolish, and then blurted out— " Lambs be hanged, man—they are not lambs." " What else are they? look at their mouths—not a tooth yet." The seller laughed loud and long—he saw the blunder. " Why, man alive, they are old broken mouthed ewes—what we call gum mies." The dealer looked again—'' Well, all right, I suppose I can't object—but really I thought they were lambs." -53gles, of the ' Australasian,' writes:— There is a gentleman engaged in busi ness in Melbourne who is really remark able for his smartness—a smartness which, however, is not incompatible with a cu rious obliviousness of minor liabilities. To recollect an open indebtedness of 2s. fid. is quite beneath him although his bill might be good for thousands. When he gives his I.O.U. for a small amount, that is scrupulously paid. Now, a certain stout miller has a long-standing proclivity for a toss or a shake in the hat, and, meeting the gentleman I have just indi cated, he proposed a spin for 5s., the winner to entertain the loser with a friendly tankard. Said the gentleman addressed, "I have no money in my pocket." Then said the jolly miller, " I will lend you 5s., but you must give me an I.O.TJ." "But," said his friend, "I have no paper upon which to write it." " Look here," said big Sam, " write it on the lamp-post!" And this was- done. Now, a week or two afterwards, on meet ing has friend, the miller reminded him of the liability of 5s. " What 5s. ? I don't owe you 5s." "Oh, but you do," said the creditor, "you wrote me an I.O.U. on a lamp-post." " Very well," said the other, " if you can show me that on a lamp-post I'll pay you." A cab was called, and the friends drove off. Arriv ing at a particular place, they got out, and the miller confidently advanced to a lamp-pillar. There was nothing there. He tried another, with a like result. He examined every pillar in that long street on both sides. And then the truth Hashed upon him—the lamp-posts had been freshly painted. He has now regis tered a solemn vow against I.O.U.'s. which can't be carried in a waistcoat pocket, or which may suffer by the en dorsement across the document of a City Council paint brush. \ I JEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes :— At a station in the North-West there is a gentleman who fulfils the triple office of station, post, and telegraph master. (It is almost unnecessary to say that he is the brother of a former member of Parlia ment.) The telegraph was gazetted as to be opened on the beginning of this year, \ and it is now duly furnished with instru- 1 ments, wires, batteries, and a conspicuous notice-board. But the misfortune is that the telegraph-master can't operate upon the instrument. When any telegrams are addressed to the place referred to, they have to be transmitted through an other telegraph station, about 16 miles off1. A message to a poor farmer thus cost him the other day £2 for delivery, instead of Is. When the incompetent station master is remonstrated with, he calmly assures the malcontents, in order to save them trouble, that he has sufficient politi- j cal interest to maintain him in his ap pointment under any circumstances. Aud I believe he is perfectly truthful.—Some j of the lately returned visitors from Tas mania have been greatly interested in ob serving the easy-going style of traffic on the main-line railway. I am told that the train pulls up on being hailed by a passing swagsinan desirous of a lift! A j few days ago the engine suddenly stopped without any swagsman being in sight. The passengers on getting out found that the Hriver had'seen a snakerfin' the track. So these simple-minded people assisted to despatch the reptile with a shovelful of hot coals from the furnace, and having resumed their seats, the train resumed its leisurely journey. A miraculous escape from being crushed to death under the wheels of a locomotive engine occurred at the Benalla Railway station, Victoria, and is reported by the * North-Eastern Ensign.' When the 8.30 train was coming into the station, Mr. Morze, the guard for the next journey, was walking towards the edge of the plat form to receive the staff from the driver, when he stumbled over a small cask which he had not observed, and fell or. the rails immediately in front of the moving train. The engine was over him almost instantly, and everyone seemed horror-struck at the terrible fate so momentarily dealt before their eyes. A speedy stoppage was effected, and then it was ascertained what a narrow escape the guard had made. On falling off the platform, Mr. Morze's presence of mind alone saved his life ; he instantly turned himself over between the rail and the platform Avail, lying as close as possible, and quite still on his back, thus escaping the wheels, but not the grease boxes, which, had lie been a stouter man, must have mangled him horribly; as it was they roughly scratched and squeezed different parts of his body in passing over, leaving marks on his head, arms, and hips, but nothing of a serious nature. His watch was crushed, and the vest in which it was placed was also torn to pieces. ri<]gles,of the1 Australasian,'writes:—In the report of the Bendigo School of Mines for 1875 there is much to approve. And nothing, perhaps, more than the detailed examination papers for engine-drivers, captains of shifts, and underground man agers. If all companies in the district insisted on their employes having certifi cates of having successfully passed such examination, the danger of accidents from ignorance would hftgreaily reduced. A significant point i^B^flscription list is a gift of £250^^^^^^Kindhurst City Council^ Thi^^^^^^^^Bacogrption cf, the claims of^^^HPt^ffiiuhg interest, and might, wflJMt much straining, be construed as ^hint as to what the state might do for an interest to which the whole community is indebted for its pro gress, if not for its existence on its present scale.—The congregations which under pay their parsons may take heart of grace. It is the proper thing to do. At any rate the verdict of an English coroner's jury upon the late occasion was, that death from starvation was, in the case of a clergyman, " a natural cause." The Rev. R. Saunders, B.A., a clergyman of the Church of England, and 70 years old, died at Leamington. He held no bene fice, but had a paltry annuity. In a letter produced to the Jury the deceased had written that for several years he had lived on 3d. a day, subsisting on bread and milk, cheese, and cocoa, and never touching meat, ale, or spirits. And the Jury's verdict was, " Died from natural causes The ' Newcastle Chronicle' says :— During the disposal of a rather numerous array of inebriates yesterday morning, the name of a party named Chambers, " bail," was called several times, experi mentally, and he did not answer. The other business being disposed of, another attempt to ascertain if he were in the vicinity of the Court was made with more success. This time he came, but in such a state of hopeless imbecility and see-saw and stagger, that lie was promptly relegated to the cells, where he will re main, unbailed, but in security, until again called upon. The ' News' gives the following as the awards in the L. P. P., A., and H. Asso ciation's first ploughing match at Tam worth :—Champion Prize, £5, to W. Laid law, his work being best finished and most regular in his lands. Second prize, £2, to John Stanton, his work being the best packed, but badly finished, which is his only fault. P. Croak's work not good enough for a prize. Prize for best plough team, £2, W. Laidlaw. Since, consider able enthusiasm has been aroused on the subject of exhibition ploughing, and many farmers have contributed so liberally that no less than £50 is to be raised for prizes. The matches are to take place in a few months, and will, we understand, be con ducted independently of the Association. The same journal says of the weather :— We have nothing of a pleasing character to report on this most discouraging sub ject. In all departments of business the effects of the drought are beginning par ticularly to be felt, in Tamworth as well as all other towns of the district. Little or no mony is in circulation, people hav ing wisely resolved to husband their re sources against the troublous times im pending. From all directions comes the cry, " Whatever is to become of us," and the query has a very serious practical sig nificance. The following mem., from a Gunnedah correspondent, is suggestive :— " Gunnedah, 23rdMar., 1876. No C.P.'s to-day. Intending purchasers will not take up land while the drought continues ; and there is no prospect of either food or water for stock." The e Newcastle Pilot' says :—A miner named Alfred Book, aged 45, died sud denly at his residence, Glebe, on Tuesday evening. He had been under medical treatment for three years for heart disease, and, at the recommendation of his medi cal advisers, some time back proceeded to New Zealand for change of air. On his return he seemed much better in health, but was recently again under medical treatment. On Tuesday evening a mes senger arrived for Dr. Alcorn, with the intelligence that Cook had burst a blood vessel. Dr. Alcorn returned with the messenger,\a<3 found Cook dead, and his clothes covered with blood, which had flowed from his mouth. It appears that the unfortunate man, while at tea, was eating a pi^ce of bread-crust, when, he was seized with a fit of coughing, and, on going outside, vomited a large quantity of blood. He then lay down, but con tinued bleeding, and death resulted in about ten minutes. We are informed by Dr. Alcorn that the immediate cause of death was the bursting of an aneurism of long standing.—The unfor tunate young woman, Mary E. Pendle bury, who was knocked down and run over by a horse, ridden by a lad named Hammond, in Darby-street, on February 15th, died on Tuesday evening ; and, at an inquest held yesterday afternoon, a verdict of "accidental death" was re turned. The lad Hammond is at present under remand on bail from the Police Court, for carelessly riding on the occa sion on which Miss Pendlebury was run over. A libel action, brought against the pro prietor of the 1 Monaro Mercury* by the Rev. Peter Campbell, the well-known " Bush Missionary" and temperance ad vocate, has terminated in a verdict for tho defendant, with costs. The ' Mercury' says, of tho show com mencing at W. Maitland on the 22nd inst. :—It is impossible to deny, while at ' the same time it iihsubject for regre^AhsHJ'"* the sixteenth annual show of the parent Agricultural Association of the Northern district, is a comparative failure. It is useless to speculate upon the causes that have contributed to this refeult, but of the fact there can, unhappily, be little doubt. Something is due to the prevailing dryness of the season, and something, of course, to the circumstance that last week a show was held at Muscle Brook, to which show cattle, belonging to gentlemen who have frequently shown in Maitland, were ex hibited. With the exception of one exhibitor from Singleton, who has re mained loyal to the older Association, there were no entries from any breeders of stock out of the Maitland district, and the consequence was a beggarly account of empty sheds. The animals exhibited were of good quality, but the entries were not numerous enough to afford that hearty competition which has been usual in for mer years. The same remark will apply to the horse classes. The animals were good, but tho awards went too generally by default of competition to be satisfac tory. Altogether, the results of the show of tliis year should induce the committee to consider whether, under the new cir cumstances in which the show must ba held, a change should not be made in the' date of holding it, or otherwise, so as to recall the success which has certainly de parted this year. In one respect, where weakness was to have been expected, the contrary was experienced. The large pavi- J lion containing the general exhibits was j fuller, and more interestingly and vari- * ously filled, than we have ever seen it. In this department visitors will find a multitude of articles well worth a careful J inspection ; and even in the stock classes, those who prefer quality to quantity can in general be amply satisfied. The ' Grafton Observer' says :—On Monday afternoon Mr. W. Deery, the Grafton postman, while pulling some maize he had growing at the back of hisl premises, was bitten on one of the fingerq of his left hand by a snake. It was , whip snake coiled round the foliage and when shook off he did not stoop to see what effect his grip had. Mr. Deery immediately rode to Dr. Morton, whom he fortunately applied remedies. Mr. Deery was about his duties next day, so effectual had been the treatment he re ceived. The ' Grafton Argus' says, of the 10th annual exhibition of the Clarence P. and A. Society:—This was held on Tuesday and Wednesday last, on the Society's Show Grounds, in this city. The weather on both days was anything but favour able, occasional showers preventing many from attending, while the threatening ap pearance of the weather deterred, it is feared, a great number who live at a dis tance from undertaking the journey into town. On the first day (Tuesday) the number present could not have exceeded 500 persons, while on the second day (Wednesday) the number visiting the ground was fully 1000. The takings at the gates on Wednesday were £68 7s. 8d. The arrangement of the ground was a vast improvement over last year. The exbibitiou waB, as usual, but very poorly patronised by the agriculturalists, and the exhibits in the horticultural sec tion were certainly far less in number than we should have expected to have been called upon to inspect. The show of agricultural implements was the poorest we remember for years, and far below what they were last year, there not be ing a single exhibit of either buggies or light carts of any kind. The horses and cattle were the chief attraction of the Ex hibition. The same paper says .-—Richard Newby, on remand, was brought before the Court, charged with driving cattle without hav ing a proper delivery note, and was dis charged at the request of the police. The ' C. and R. Examiner' says :—An inquest was held at the Brushgrove Ho tel yesterday, before the district Coroner, on the body of John Dymond or Diamond, who was found drowned in the Clarence River on the 19th instant. From the evidence adduced, it appeared /That the deceased had travelled the country as musician, and was a passenger by the steamer Agnes Irving from Sydney, last trip, landing at Brushgrove on Friday last. After playing at the races, he left the Royal Hotel, at 1 o'clock on Saturday, and was afterwards seen during the even ing ; but some time after, part of a fiddle being found on the river bank, and a hat being seen floating on the water, a search was instituted, and the body was found on Saturday evening, in about six feet of water, by Constables Travers and Manning. The Jury found that the de ceased came to his death by drowning in walking over the bank into the river, while in a state of insanity, induced by domestic troubles and previous hard drinking. The' Western Independent'says Mr. D. C. Williamson, of the Bathurst bakery, visited the Asiatic Circus on Tuesday evening, and tendered as payment what he imagined to be a one-pound note, and received the correct change. On arrival at home (writes the 1 Western Independ ent), after the performance, Mr. William son found himself minus a five-pound note, which he knew he had in his pocket earlier in the evening, but, as he had changed other one-pound notes, was by no means certain where the mistake had been made. However, Mrs. Williamson went to the manager of the circus, and that gentleman at once told her that in making up the accounts they found four pounds more than was accounted for, and expressed great pleasure in re storing the money to the rightful owner. While places generally are suffering from drought, extremely heavy rains have fallen at Broad Sound and Mackay, H. Qd. The Casino correspondent of the c C. and R. Examiner' writes:—I regret to have to record a couple of accidents dur ing the past week—both occurring to chil dren while playing. The first happened I to a little girl, a daughter of Mr. Dock erill, of South Casino. The child was playing with its brothers and sisters jump- 1 ing off an empty box on to the ground, when one of the others pushed it as it was about to be pulled, and it fell with its arm beneath it, breaking it near the .shoulder. The second instance is that of a fine little boy about three years of age, a son of Mr. George Tiernan, who man aged, while his father was absent at his i work, and the mother was also away for a short time, to possess himself of a sharp shingling hammer, which his father had been using. A brother a few years older got it from liim, and was trying to stick it into a post out of the little fellow's reach, when the younger boy put up his hand along the post, and two fingers were severed clean off, and the third nearly so. The poor little fellow ran down to the town, to where he thought his _ mother was, a distance of a third of a mile, with the blood running down his arm, holdmg up the severed stumps. With the assist ance of some neighbours, the hand was ►bounTfupTas well as they knew how, and I am glad\to learn the wounds are pro gressing favourably. ? The Camden Haven cor. of the ' Times writes ;—A l^aijl accident happened at the Laurieton Mill last Wednesday evening, to a young map named John Smith, Jun. He was kicking^ the sawdust underneath the circular saw when in motion; in doing so his other foot slipped, and came in contact with the saw, which literally tore his toes and boot in pieces. The ' Pastoral Times' says :—Intense heat has prevailed at Deniliquin almost without interruption. On Sunday the sky became overcast, and hopes were entertained that a thunderstorm was about to clear up the heated and oppres sive atmosphere, but the few drops of rain which fell only had the effect of mak ing matters worse. An intense muggy ■ heat was experienced on Monday, when the thermometer reached 148" in the sun, and 109- in the shade ; on Tuesday and, Wednesday 104" and 108" respectively were registered at Deniliquin telegraph office. Thursday and Friday were almost as bad. Such a continuance of intense heat is most unusual in the month of March, February usually being regarded as tbe last month of summer. Rain is now badly wanted to moisten the soil and restore animation to the parched up grass and herbage. The ' B. F. Press' says :—Our readers will remember that in the early part of last month a ferocious monkey, the pro perty of Mr. D. Mayne, broke loose from its chain, climbed over into Mr. Madden'/, yard, and viciously attacked two of Mr. Madden's children. One of the little ones—the oldest, a boy about five years old—recovered from the shock, although he suffered severely for a time from the wounds inflicted by the animal's teetlx. The youngest child, however—a little girl ouly two years old—never rallied from the injuries and shock, and, after lingering in great pain for about five weeks, died on Monday ; morning last. Previous to ck upon the children another thAnate fi^he one, allujlgd to, hence Madden's yard i and chased two of the servant girls. Mr. Madden thereupon discharged a gun at the animal and wounded it, but he was summoned to the court and fined. The 1 Central Australian' says :—Mr. J. N. Taylor, of Ballycastle, near Louth, a sheep owner, a short time back em ployed an aged man to tend a flock of sh5&p;, giving him instructions as to the country, and supplying him with water for the day's consumption. He missed him, and concluded he had deserted his post. He found the sheep wandering about without a shepherd. He imme diately took steps to ascertain what had become of him. He sent a man named Schulte on horseback to track the man, which he did. His horse knocked up ; he was furnished with a fresh one, which un fortunately fell with him, rendering him insensible ; on coming to, he reported the matter at Kearnie station. Mr. Taylor ultimately sent three blackfellows to try and find the deceased, but without suc ceeding in doing so. Mr. Geo. Kelfie, overseer for Sir Wm. Wilson, while re turning from the Darling to Kearnie sta tion, came across the body of a man lying under a box tree, a short distance off the road. The remains were identical with those of the shepherd recently lost by Mr. Taylor, and there can be little doubt of them being so, and that the unfortunate man had wandered away to get drink, and not obtaining it perished. The excessive heat which was expe / rienced at Bendigo on the 15th instant told severely both upon man and beast. I Every living thing, in short, which was exposed to the scorching rays of the sun suffered more or less. The ' Advertiser' speaks of a fatality having occurred to a valuable horse at New Chum. The ani mal was drawing a dray, and without the slightest premonitory symptoms, it sud denly dropped to the ground, and in a short time expired. Its value is said to have been no less than £45. Telegram from Melbourne, in the * Echo':—Intelligence has been received ... Ahafe- tNiwrly flll- the- scfit to Ballarat are dying, as the temperature of the water is too high. Forty-three boxes of salmon ova were opened to-day, at Ercildoun, of which about one-third is good. Mr. Youl's packing was found to be decidedly the best.—A stringent bill has been introduced to put down Chinese lotteries, which, from the report furnished to the Attorney General, are, it seems, growing tremendously. There are a hun dred and fifty lottery agents' shops in the city, and the business is spreading to the principal streets. According to the calcu lations made by an actuary, a person would have to invest £222,790 before he would draw a £75 prize. Ditto from Adelaide:—Three men, named Johnson, John Jenkins, and Au gustus Jenkins, are supposed to have been drowned on Saturday, at York's Pe ninsula. Portions of a boat and clothing were found. Tbe Messrs. Jenkins are sons of the Rev. Mr. Jenkins, Episco palian minister, near Brighton, England. A destructive fire occurred at the Junc-. tion, Warrenheip, near Ballarat. The ' Star' says that about noon a steam threshing machine was employed on the farm of Mr. Hugh M'lvor, when a stack of straw caught fire from a spark from the chimney. Notwithstanding all the men employed were on the spot, and took im mediate steps with a view of extinguish ing the flames, they Bpread to other stacks, which were totally destroyed, the machine ""also being involved in the ruin. The loss by the fire was considerable, but we learn that Mr. M'lvor had his stock insured in. the Australian Alliance Company. Telegram from Gulgong, in the ' Ech<p' of 23rd inst, :—Gold was struck this af ternoon in Howe's paddock, three miles from Gulgong, at forty feet sinking ; there was a full dwt. to the dish. The whole of the ground is taken up. Ditto from Brisbane :—The news from the lately-discovered gold fields in the Cooktown country represents the alluvial as patchy; the reefs are innumerable, and gold is visible in every bit of quartz ; the excitement is intense at Cooktown. Mulligan and party have applied to the authorities for protection for their find. Where they have prospected the gold is got in lumps in every small ravine. There is a splendid road from Cooktown to the newly discovered gold countiy; a buggy can be driven, and the horse may gallop all the way. Mulligan states that gold is traceable for miles, and the auriferous country presents an extent of thirty miles in length and ten miles in width, bearing heavy gold. A great rush is anticipated, and would seem to be warranted.—The following are the results of the Palmer Reef crushings :—Edmondstown Albion, 60 tons stone, 242 ounces of gold ; Queen North, 110 tons, 930 ounces ; Smithfield, 40 tons, 192 ounces ; the Mountain Maid crushing shows 4 ounces to the ton. Ditto from Melbourne :—At a sale of city property to-day half one block in the best part of Collins-street brought £39,600 or £600 per foot; bought by Mr. Geo. Petty. A similar area, in Bourke-street West, fetched £9500, or £145 per foot.— In the Assembly this evening, the second reading of the Income Tax Bill was only carried by a majority of three, the num ber's being 35 to 32. Sir James M'Cul loch then moved the adjournment. This practically disposes of the question of the income tax. Several members were ab sent on both sides of the House. Ditto from Adelaide :—Mr. J. H. An gas offers £200 towards Mort's freezing experiment, provided other colonists will subscribe £1000. The ' M. and D. Advertiser' says :— Several letters having lately been missed from the Camperdown post-office, a watch was set, and an ingenious "fishing- up" apparatus discovered in the letter-box, which it is trusted will shortly be traced to its owner.—Scarlet fever is spreading over the district with great rapidity. Two deaths occurred yesterday and Sa turday within the borough, and some very severe cases exist. It is noticeable that in the case of girls a recovery is generally to be hoped for, but the disease j seems to lay hold on boys with far greater I severity, and instances have occurred in j which boys attacked during the niglit with j scarlet fever were dead before noou the inext day. The ' B. F. Press' says :—On Tuesday afternoon a very severe accident hap pened to Mr. Randal], of the firm of Randall and Slack, blacksmiths. Mr. Raudall had gone out a short distance on the Orange Road to repair a waggon which a teamster had been driving, and which vas heavily loaded with goods. In order to effect his purpose he had to get par t-ally underneath it, and while engaged ii< the work the propstick gave way, and tie loaded vehicle tipped np, the falling eld crushing Mr. Randall and pinning hitn to the earth. After remaining in that dangerous and painful position for about fifteen minutes the sufferer was extricated, a spring cart was procured, and he was conveyed to his residence, the services of Dr. Cortis being called in. *V injuries sustained was i atRnrst-mjubtful, but giveiNto I understand that one of the ribs is broken, and the hip or thigh injured, in addition to severe internal bruises. On enquiry yesterday we learned that the sufferer was progressing slowly. The 'Newcastle Pilot' says :—A man named John Brennan, an employee at the Castlemaine Brewery, met with a painful accident on Thursday. He was assisting to raise a cask by means of the American lift, when one of the fastenings slipped, and the cask fell on one of bis arms, which was broken near the wrist. The wife of Wm. Stark, residing near Toowoomba, having died rather suddenly, it was found at the enquiry that the cause of death had been apoplexy. Mr. Watts, the town inspector at Warwick, has had his thigh broken, through being knocked down by his horse. The ' Telegraph' says :—John Swatkins, aged 18, living at the One Mile Swamp, South Brisbane, was admitted into the Hospital this morning from Messrs. M'Ghie, Luya, and Co.'s saw mills, where he had got his hand entangled with the circular saw. The two middle fingers of the right hand were cut off, and the other fingers lacerated. The following singular telegram, from Maryborough, appears in the same jour naI •—The examination before the Police Court of the man Rixon, who is charged with the murder of his wife, has been again adjourned. The man declared that he saw the ghost of the murdered woman, who described to him the manner of her death. He says he then told the police, and hence he was arrested. The evidence is said to be very strong against birr) A Coonamble cor. of the ' Dubbo Dis patch' writes :—I have not written for some time, as there was nothing to write about but the old story—is it going to rain 1 When will this end ? Old hands here say that this drought is worse than that of 1868. They were then better off for grass. Now there is nothing to eat for the stock. On a great many cattle stations, the Cumberland has made its appearance ; but those herds who were inoculated are less affected than the others. No stock moving. One station is mustering, and I believe its draft will be the last sent from these parts for some time. The ' Gazette' says :—Richard Taylor, the oldest inhabitant of Wellington, died at Nanima on Thursday last, and was buried on Friday afternoon. Richard Taylor came to the colony in 1825, in the ship Marquis of Hastings, on her first voyage. He stayed only an hour or so in Sydney, and then came on to Wellington, where he resided ever since. He has for some time back been a fixed resident on the Nanima estate. He was not in good health for a year or two previous to his death, and he fully expected death to come very soon. He was a native of I London, and had been in Wellington just | half a century. | The ' Mercury' says, of the second day j of the show at West Maitland :—"The ! attendance on the second day was between five thousand and six thousand people—a complete and very gratifying success in that respect. The special trains were well filled, and Singleton and Newcastle sent many visitors. The weather on Thurs day was cloudy, and rather warm, "but not unfavourable or unpleasant." At the dinner, several members of the Associa tion objected to remarks made in the ^ Mercury' as to the first day's show, while others said they were the truth. Mr. Eipper, the writer of the report, de fended it. Nine sheep have been selected in N. I S. W. for the Japanese Government. | They are good types of various breeds— Merinoes, Lincolns, Hampshire Downs, a Leicester, and South Downs. A large meeting of miners has been held at Bulli, in favour of the proposed Sydney and Ulawarra Railway Telegram from Brisbane, in Saturday's 'Echo' :—The Banshee (s.) struck on Cape Sandwich, Hinchinbrook Island, on Tuesday afternoon, and went to pieces in five minutes after striking. The sea was running mountains high, and the wind blowing a perfect hurricane from the South-East; the land was not visible, owing to the thick weather, until the rocks were seen fifty yards ahead. Every wave demolishing the steamer, all hope of saving life passed rapidly away from those not able to gam the shore. The Leichardt (s.) has since picked up six survivors, who left the wreck to proceed to Cardwell, making 33 saved and 19 lost. The survivors are Captain Owen, Coutts, mate; Parsons, engineer • Ro binson, Bains, Jersey, and Jones, fire men ; "Whittaker and Woods, crew; Antoni, cook ; Mrs. James, stewardess ; W. Foley, E. Mullens, James Smith, Thomas Harley, William Burke, Patrick Ryan, E. Price, Fred. Price, Hugh Hughes, J. F. Taylor, Andrew M'Kay, John Cappell, H. Burstall, Peter Con nolly, Alexander Gordon, John Maca nelly, Lyons, John Hagan, and four others, names unknown. The names of some passengers amongst the lost are Mr. and Mrs. R. Walch, four children, Mes dames E. Darcy, Matheson, Antoine, A. Tong, Messrs. J. Anderson, Richard Elworthy, Thomas Hanraher, and Ed ward Hanaber. The vessel was insured for £2000 in the New Zealand Office, but reinsured. Captain Owen and James Burns, of Townsville, were half owners. The 'Riverine Herald' states that a reward of £200 is offered by Mr. Lloyd Jones, of Avenel, Va., for the conviction of the person concerned in the shooting of a bullock his property, and the Govern ment offers a further reward of £50 for the discovery of the perpetrator of the outrage, as it is supposed to have been committed with a view to intimidation, and to thwart the ends of justice. On the night of the arrival of the A. S. N. Co.'s steamship Victoria at Cook town, a large and powerful Newfoundland dog belonging to the ship went ashore and lay down in the water up to his middle, to cool himself. Captain Lake, who was observing the dog at the time, saw a huge alligator rise from the water and rush at the dog, seize him by the breast, and disappear with him in deep water—the dog struggling violently with his antago nist and growling terribly to the last. The dreadful noise awoke the whole ship's company. Only a moment before, op pressed by the intense lieat, Captain Lake had thought of bathing in that very spot. The ' H. T. Mercury' says :—An Eng lish newspaper posted at London was re cently delivered, according to its address, to an inhabitant of the Bream Creek dis trict, Sorell. On opening the paper it was found that two letters had, in some singular manner, slipped in between the newspaper and the cover. That it was purely accident was plain from the fact that both letters bore the addresses of people residing in England. The pre sumption is that the paper had been de posited by mistake in the box intended for letters instead of in that appropriated for newspapers, and had thus in handling picked up the letters. That the letters should have travelled so far under the nerrspaper cover is singular enough, but the strangest part of the story is yet to come. The person to whom the paper was addressed at once returned the truant letters to the local postmaster, who found that one of them was addressed to his own brother residing in England. Thus a let ter intended for a person within a few score miles of London had travelled 16,000 miles to fall by accident into the hands of a brother of the person for whom it was really intended. When that letter goes back to its proper ad dress in England, it will possess a pecu liar interest to the family. A friend travelling in America writes to the 'Gippsland Mercury,' and, after de scribing the comforts of Pulman's sleep ing cars, he says : " There is one thing against them, you can hear the other passengers talking. In the car I tra velled in there was a new married couple, and it appears they had had a tiff, and the husband, not wishing to go to sleep till he had made friends with his wife, begged of her to kiss him ; she was obsti nate, and would not, and all the rest of the passengers were kept awake by hear ing the poor fellow imploring his Alice to forgive him with a kiss. It was a con tinuation of ' Alice, do kiss me ! oh, Alice dear, do kiss me !' It was fun for a time, but we got tired of being kept awake, so an old military officer put his head through the curtain, and sang out, lustily, ' For goodness sake, Alice, do kiss your hus band, and let's go sleep.' We got to sleep after that." Will Honeycomb, of the ' Dubbo Dis patch,' writes :—Babies at Church, pub lic entertainments, and meetings are very enjoyable little creatures. It has been my fortune—good or bad I won't say—to be at a meeting where I have been flanked by babies. Everything goes on quietly for a time. At last, one little item of humanity sets up a wild squeal; and im mediately the others join in concert. If there are fifty babies in a room, and one pipes a gentle solo, depend upon it the other forty-nine will join in cliorus. The other night, for instance, at the meeting, after the cakes had been discussed and the tea put out of sight—I was in the vi cinity of two little ones. One set up, during the Bishop's address, a wild skirl, and soon the other joined in. Never did I hear such a row—the pair roared louder than any bull of Bashan ever did—and positively one couldn't hear a word of what was going on. After Monday night, I can easily understand why, at the foot of some theatrical notices, is placed the announcement—" Children in arms, one guinea."—Poor Walker's horse and dray —these last relics of the old fellow—came under the hammer of the Curator of In testate Estates' agent, on Tuesday last; and found their way to the possession of one who looked well after Walker in life. The old horse seemed melancholy as he was drawn up before the crowd on Tues day. He had, no question of it, an idea what was going on, and probably he felt sorrowful that in his old age—his 31st year—it was rather hard that he should be brought to the hammer. Well, I wish his new owner all luck with him. One thing is certain—the old bay will never bolt anything but his food, and he will have to do that, for teeth he has none. The ' H. T. Mercury' says :—Henry Surridge, who sustained ' a compound fracture of his left leg off Saturday last, through falling from ajs^ep ladder at Mr. Hammond's house, died in the hospital shortly after seven/o'clock last evening, from tetanus. / 