RELIGIOUS. Wouse than Being on a Juky.—Tho Con-] clave of Gregory X. lasted two years, during which the Church of Home was without an' infallible head. Clement IV., the predecessor ' of Gregory, died tit Viterho, and the cardinals* not being able to agree upon the choice of a successor, were preparing to leave the town,: when St;-Buonaventura,- the disciple of St.' Francis of Assissi, persuaded the inhabitants1 to shut their-gates, and not let the* cardinals go till a Pope was made. The people took the; 5aiiitVadvice, and not only shut the gates of; the town, but set a guard over the cardinals at. the doors of the palace in which they met; and; informed them that they could not even leave • the palace until they had elected their Pope. However, even then the cardinals could come to no agreement; they went on from- month to month, still voting without producing the requisite majority, till one day the Cardinal del Porto exclaimed that the ifoly Ghost could never come down and inspire their ' choice as long as they had a roof over their: heads. The people of Yiterbo took this profane joke seriously, and unroofed the ,palace. This measure, again, was still ineffectual, and the cardinals, it seemed, would never: have airived at any determination had the device not been hit upon of diminishing the supplies of their tables. This measure succeeded. Hunger effected more than rain or irind had done and Gregory X. was elected.' Gregory XV on his election, issued the Bull that all future Popes should be elected in conclave—that is,by an assembly of cardinals locked up1 together,' and subject to specified restrictions; as to "diet and attendance until the election was over.T-^' From u Papal Conclaves" in the u. CornMll Magazine." ' Dangkus of Intovfebentism,—The Catholic Review (New York) says, Why is there b*o much crime abroad to-day ? Because our' young men and women no longer say their prayers morning and night. Because they no longer go to church. Because they have lost' their faith, and believe in nothing but the gratification of their inclinations. '.The; strongest social argument in favour of religion, is, we think, to bo found in the fact that the man or woman who is truly or sincerely religious, not only obeys the laws of God, but also those of uian. When a man is sincerely religious, he is also sincerely virtuous. He may fall seven times a day, but his faith alone has * prevented his falling seveuty thousand times. Why do we hear just now such terrible stories of vices and crimes, the wickedness of which seems almost beyond belief? Simply because the writers in our papers and books are teaching atheism, and, although thero^mav be some apparently excellent citizens who have'no faith in God, still we think ourselves; pretty correct when we assert that, it we examine closely into their lives, we shall find much to disgust and terrify Christians. 