RUSSIAN PROVERBS. When Peter the Great ordered his subjects to shave, these conservative Nonconformists be- 1 sought him to cut off their heads rather than their beards, ond not " to destroy Christ s Hkeness. " From the penalty then enacted from ; them arose the saying, " Without a rouble thou cans t not ieat thy beara grow. ivmong ordinary mortals two conflicting proberbs arr current. As the moujik is always bearded, he says, " A beard is honourable, but even a cat has 'moustaches to which a Zapadnik, or Western, may reply, " Moustaches for honour, but even a goat has a beard." While alluding to the schismatics we may mention that, ac cording to them, " Tea, coffee, tobacco, and potatoes have been cursed by seven General Councils that " He who smokes tobacco drives out of himself the Holy Ghost that ' 1 Who drinks coffee, him shall thunder slay J and that " He who drinks tea must not hope for salvation." With respect to the latter beverage, a more poetic saying laments the feet that " Into Russia has flown a Chinese dart, and fixed itself into the peasant's heart." More consolatory than these statements is the schismatic's opinion that " la the other world every pockmark will become a pearl. Simi larly conservative, but conceived in a rational spirit, are the moujik'e opinions with regard to the deference due to age, the respect to be con ceded to parents. ' Even in the Horde are old folks revered," is a time- honoured adage ; and a sad picture of unrespected age in suggested by the statement that " The Devil is old, yet he has Ho birthday" — or rather no nameday, for the Riif-si&us; honour not the anniversary of a -the- - saint whose nariio lid briars: As a general rule, age and wisdom go tdgotferi,' arid a greybeard's "advice commands respect, for " An old crow croaks not for nothing. Sometimes, hoNteVeiy a man ' becomes vicious in advanced life, and cf him folks say, "There's grey in his beard and fite I devil in his ribs." As regards the treatment of ! a wife by her husband proverbs differ. " Love your" Wife like your soul, and beat her like your sKutid " (oVercoat of furs), says one of a stern Clrisri, tri' which another responds in the same spirit, "Not loiig'horit the bumps from a loved one's thumps. " Wivria HaVe Undoubtedly been subjected to much iU -treatment in Russia, where many husbands have always of the opinion that " He who gives his wife Rberty robs himself or " Liberty spoils a good wife?,5 Some proverbs are cynical as to the advantages of rnatrirnony. If " The bachelor cries ' Oil, oli !' the married man cries 4 Ai, ai !' " and those who " Wed onee, wail always." Nor can the marriage yoke he got rid erf, however much it may gall. " A wife is not li guitar ; when your playing is done, you can't hang fieri up on the wall nor is she " A saddle which a man ban fling off his back. ' ' One of the brief dra matic /ricVe'rbs tells a mournful tale. " Why so blithe ?" — " I'm going to be married. " " Why hangs your h'e'rtd?"--" I've got married." But this is one of the skife ort women famifiar to all lands. More complimentary to the married state are such remarks as, " God help the bachelor ! the housewife helps a husband " TMr master is the head of the house, the mistress ifo «oul or the statements that " The cuckoo coxriplains because she has uo nest," and " It's a bore to go alone even to get drawned or this recommendation — " A good wife ahd rich calibane-soup : other good things ; seek not !: " — Quarterly Review. 