THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. Fourth Day, Friday, January 28. The Rev. A. Bigg gave a lengthy explanation of the reasons which had induced him to seek a transfer to the Victorian Conference. He said he had carefully sought Divine guidance in the matter, and with reference to the future was humble but hopeful. The Rev. T. M. Rows expressed his thanks to the Conference for their kindness in reinstating him in bis former position. He trusted his past experience would guide him in his future career. He was consoious of many infirmities, but hoped by his life acd labours to justify the confidence which had been manifested towards him. A letter was read from the Rev. J. LyaU, re questing the Conference to receive him and the Rev. J. Henderson as a deputation from the Presbytery of South Australia, and suggesting Monday at noon, when the deputation from the Baptist Association was arranged for as a con venient time. The Letter-Writer was directed to reply, informing Mr. LyaU that the Con- . ference cordially agreed to his request. The remainder of the day was occupied with ministerial appointments for the next year. In the course of dealing with the stations a resolu tion was carried making the ex-President's super nomeraryehip absolute. _Mr. Bickford will therefore in a few months visit England, and he may probably be absent 18 months or two years. A united love-feast was held at the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church in the eveninsr. The President of the Conference was in the chair, and Messrs. C. Webb, W. Paddock, W. Pengelly, and Sim mons acted as Stewards. After devotional exercises the Revs. J. Biokford,- S. Knight, T. M. Howe, C. T. Newman, and C. EL Goldsmith, and Messrs. Langford, sen., and Graee, and Mrs. Southeran, spoke on spiritual experiences. The proceedings were closed by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson offering prayer, and the Rev. W. P. Wells pronouncing benediction. About 150 people attended. Invitations had been sent to other Methodist bodies, which, however, could not be accepted, as other important meetings of their own were being held at the same.time. The Revs. J. Way and W. L. Sinks* were also unable to be present because of other engagements. Fifth Day: Satubday, January 29. It was agreed upon the motion of Mr. Bubgess—" That on Monday at noon the Con ference be open to the public, that being the time when the deputations from the Baptist Association and the Presbytery are expected." It was suggested that the Connexional Com mittee should also be open to the public; but it was represented that this was a proposal on which members of that Committee might expect to be consulted, and the motion was withdrawn. The remainder of the session was occupied with the consideration of the stations of the ministers for next year. It was agreed that the conditional leave of absence granted to the Rev. T. Edmeades should be made absolute. The following is a list of stations as read a second time and published under correction. The final revision is not expected to take place for several days:— L—Southern District. Adelaide (Pirie-street)—Samuel Knight, Henry T. Burgess (Gilbert-street), Joseph Nicholson (Glenelg), James Bickford, Supernumerary. Adelaide (Archer-street)—J. B. Stephenson, James Y. Simpson (Brompton). Adelaide (Kent Town and Norwood)—W. P. Wells, Charles T. Newman; T. Raston, Super numerary. Prince Alfred College. Port Adelaide—Hans Mack. Gumeracha—Matthew Wilson, Supernume rary. Wilunga—Jamas Haslam. Clarendon—James Allen. Mount Barker—Albert Stubbs. Strathalbyn—Benjamin G. Edwards. Yankalilla—James Read. Mount Gambier—Charles H. Goldsmith. Narracoorte—One to be sent. Goolwa—George Lee. Port Lincoln—John EL Trevorrow. Pfclmerston—Paul C. Thomas. IL—Northern District. Gawler—Thomas C. Laurence. Templets and Freeling—William H. Pollard. Kapunda—Thomas Lloyd. Angaston— One to be sent. Kooringa—Geo. W. Patchell, M.A. Clare—David O'DonnelL Auburn—Archibald J. Bogle. Melrose—To be supplied. Elinman—William T. Carter. Broughton—Home Missionary. Port Pirie—H. Henwood Teague. Belalie—William IE. Rofe. Laura—Samuel I. Prior. III.—Yobke's Peninsula District. Moonta—Robert S. Casely, Robert W. Camp bell. Kndina and Wallaroo—Samuel T. Withington. Port Wakefield—John D. Langsford. Troubridge—Thomas M. Rowe. Minlacowie—To be supplied. Maitland—Robert Kelly. IV.—Western Australia. Perth—"William Lowe. t York—William Traylen. Geraldton—William S. Worth. Albany—James B. Atkins, a supernumerary of the Irish Conference. W. L. Binke, supernumerary minister, and Alfred Bigg, are transferred to the. Victoria and Tasmania Conference. T. Edmeades has leave of absence for one year to visit England, Sixth Day, Monday, January 31. The Revs. J. Bickford and G. W. Patchell, M.A., were requested to prepare an obituary notice of the late Rev. M. Wilson, to be in serted in the Minutes of the Conf6renoe. A telegram which was received on Saturday from the President of the Victoria Conference, announcing that the Rev. J. W. Crisp had "been appointed to South Australia in exchange for the Rev. W. L. Binks, was read. The Rev. R. S. Casely read a draft of the Pastoral Address, which, after a brief conversa tion on some of the topics it dealt with, was adopted, subject to a few slight emendations. DEPUTATION FROM CHURCHES. At noon a deputation consisting of the Revs. J. Lyall and J. Henderson, from the Presbytery; the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL B., and Mr. G. S. Fowler, from the Baptist Association; and the Rev. J. McEwin, from the Congregational UnioD, attended to express the good wishes of their respective Churches. The Deputations were introduced by the Secretary of the Con ference, the Rev. C. R. Goldsmith, and cordially welcomed by the President, the Rev. W. P. Wells. The Rev. J. Lyall said he was glad to appear as the representative from the Presbytery of South Australia to convey to the Wesleyan Conference their fraternal greetings, and to wish them God-speed in then: future labours. (Applause.) He could not but remember, and deeply sympathise with them in the sad and painful event that had so recently taken place amongst them in the death of the Rev. Matthew Wilson. It was painful in one sense, a'though they all felt in regard to their departed friend that he had been but removed from the scene of conflict and labour to the scene of rest and reward. (Applause.) They should all be followers of him in so far as he was a follower of the Lord and of the precepts of the blessed book, which was his guide through life, and by which he was cheered and sustained in his dying hour. Personally it afforded him (Mr. Lyall) great pleasure to be there expressing his warm love towards the Wesleyan body and his sincere gratitude—and a gratitude that was shared throughout the universal Church—that God had enabled Methodism te do such mighty works in England and throughout the English-speaking colonies. (Applause.) He could not look back upon the middle of the last century and see the dangers that then existed, and the work tbat John Wesley and his coad jutors were raised up to accomplish, without feeling that they had benefited not only the Church in England but throughout the world. (Applause.) There were some matters of diffe rence between WeBleyans and Presbyterians, but t-bey were more in name than in reality. His Church honoured the Wesleyans for their firm attachment to the doctrine of the Cross, for their warm Evangelistic spirit, and the fervour they had ever shown in trying to bring sinners to the Kingdom of Jesus Christ. The Presbyterians held the great doctrine that salvation was of God, and that the whole scheme originated in His love, while tfee Wesleyans held the great truth of the free agency and responsi bility of man. But there was in reality little difference between them, as he, though a Presbyterian, agreed in the responsibility and free agency of man, and most of the Wes'eyans present agreed about salvation being of God. (Applause.) All the Evangelical Churches honoured the Wesleyans for what they had done in supplying new districts of the colony with the means of worship, and for what they had accomDlished and were now doing in the Northern Territory. (Applause.) He might tell them that during his recent visit to England he was privileged to stand on the classio ground iu Bunhill Fields where were buried manv noble Wesleyan preachers, and to enter the very pulpit from which John Wesley used to preach, and where he (ihe speaker) heartily prayed that the spirit that was powerful in Wesley might rest on him and lead him to mighty labours and great success in the cause cf the Master whom they all loved. (Applause.; The Roy. J. Eeedehson sail tho Presby : fcerian Church, which be represented with Vt. Lyall, rejoiced to labour side by side with a denomination which had learned so well to eco nomize its resources and to overtake and provide for the spiritual wants of the outlying districts of the colony. (Applause.) In this the Wesleyan Church bad set a noble example, and one which other denominations would do well to copy. Though there were differences of opinion, they could all work together in loving fellowship and practical co-operation. While condoling on the solemn bereavement that had just taken place, he could not help but remark how im pressively such a visitation taught them to gird up their loins and work while it was to-day, and before the night came in which they ootid not work. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. S. Head, M.A., LL.B., as one of the representatives of the Baptist Association, was glad to give fraternal greetings to the Wesleyan Conference. (Applause.) He had passed through strange experiences during the past two years, and had been in many new circumstances. But it was certainly a new scene for him to be present in a Wesleyan Conference. (Laughter and Hear, hear.) He felt it an honour to stand in their midst and on behalf of his brethren and fellow Christians to express their sincere regard and very earnest well-wishes for the welfare of the Wesleyans as a denomination. (Applause.) The Baptists, he felt sure, heartily sympathized with the Wesleyans in their bereavement, for they had themselves very recently lost by death the Rev. Mr. Fulton, lone of their esteemed ministers. But there was this difference between the two cases, that whereas Mr. Wilson had reached a good old age and had done some great service, Mr. Fulton was only in the dawn of his ministe rial career. Concerning the absence of Mr. Fairey, one of the deputation for the Baptist Association, he might say that that gentleman had a short time ago stated that he might not be able to attend the Conference of the Wesleyan body, with whom, however, he felt the heartiest sympathy, and for whom he entertained the best wishes. He (Mr. Mead) did not regret the fact that there were so many different denominations of the Christian Church, as he believed their existence had been overruled for good. (Hear, hear.) He believed that the interests of God's kingdom could be best served by each one acting on the truth as God enabled him to see it; and in his opinion the Christian Churches had not yet learned the great principle of religious liberty. (Applause.) In the local Church with which he stood con nected.they had no creeds nor cateohisms, and therefore it came to pass that they had a great many varieties of thought and feeling In a small Church. But instead of this being a bar to union, it was rather an occasion for the exercise - of Christian love, and for the full play of the principle of Christian liberty. And surely what took place in the small circle of one Church ought to apply with regard to all denominations one towards the other. (Applause.) He did not believe that the interests of the cause of God in England would have been so firmly groanded as they were at present if there had only been one denomination there during the past two hundred years; and the Christian Church in America would not have been what it is to-day if there had only been one denomination there, even though it had been the Wesleyan denomination. (Laughter.) He hoped the time would come when they would be able not only to attend and express their goodwill, but also to take some active part in the deliberations held from time to time. (Hear, hear.) They could all learn valuable lessons from one another. He had recently been reading John Wesley's own biography, and it showed him more than any thing else he had ever read of the zeal, earneBt uesB, the rightmindedness, and the large and Christian spirit that animated the mind of Wesley. But the Wesleyans could also learn bum the Baptists, and such names as Carey, Marshman, and Ward would not soon be for gotten. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Mead concluded by speaking of the mighty work which in four years had been done in India by William Taylor, a Californian, and by Moody and Saukey in England—examples which they should try to follow, and which would enlarge their sym pathies and make them overlook all sectarian differences. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. S. Fowleb, the other delegate from the Baptist Association, endorsed the cordial greet ings and sympathy expressed by the Rev. S. Mead, and said that in his opinion a healthy competition among churches was far bettor than that they should all belong to one Church. So long as it did not degenerates into opposition they might rest assured of its beneficent results. (Hear, hear.) Tbe Key. J. McKwin, as the representative of the Congregational Union, expressed his sincere wishes for the continued prosperity of the Wesleyan denomination in the colony, and his hearty condolence with them on the loss of the Rev. Mr. Wilson, whose sudden death would doubtless cast a gloom on the remainder of the proceedings of Conference. He was sorry he was not accompanied on that occasion by the other delegate appointed, the Rev. Thos. Hope, who had left the colony; but he thought no better testimony need be given of the goodwill among the different denominations than the fact that during Mr. Hope's absence his pulpit would be supplied by Wesleyans, Presbyterians, and Baptists. (Applause.) It was the Congrega tional Union which firBt began the system of sending and receiving deputations in the colony, and he was glad that at last their Wesleyan friends Lad followed the example. (Hear, hear.) He was very glad to assure them of help and sympathy ra all that pertained to the highest interests of mankind, and he was gratified to think that in the presence of these things the days of jealous rivalry were coming to an end. He could sincerely, on his own behalf, and on behalf of the Congregational Union, wish the Wesleyans of the colony greater prosperity and blessing than they had yet enjoyed. (Applause.) The President, in the name of the Con ference, gave each of the delegates for the other Churches a hearty welcome. He and his fellow ministers were exceedingly glad to listen to the fraternal words that had been so kindly spoken; and especially did they appreciate the references made to the bereavement which had befallen them. He was one of those who held somewhat strongly to what most people would regard as chimerical—he looked forward for a time when the Churches would be very much nearer than at present, and when some of them would be merged one with the other. (Hear, hear.) He certainly did not see why all these denominations should forever keepuptheirdistinctivenamesand operations, and he believed that as the millennial knowledge began to come and millennial light to shine they would be able to come much nearer each other. (Applause.; Though it had ! not been customary for the Wesleyans to receive deputations such as that, it was not because of an indisposition to do so, but, he supposed, because nobody initiated it. (Hear, hear.) It was, however, initiated a year ago, and deputa tions had been received and other denomina tions had been visited, and they hoped good would result from the interchange of fraternal greetings. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. Bickford, ex-President, in alluding to the decease of the Rev. Mr. Wilson, said that last Friday he was in his place in Conference, and on Saturday afternoon he was in the spirit world mingling with the blest. With reference to his dying while leaning on the Bible, it seemed that after forty- one years of successful Christian labour, some of which was of the highest character and performed in the highest places of the mission-field, he felt that it was only by resting on the Divine Word that he could wind up life safely and go up safe to God. As to tbe differences that existed between Wesleyans and the other Churches represented there that day, he could assure them that he believed a variety of denominations was by far the best and most likely to conduce to true prosperity. (Hear, hear.) At all events, though he highly esteemed ana heartily recipro cated the good wishes expressed he could assure them that he should not give up his own favourite dcctrines. (Hear, hear.) He had been much pleased with the unity existing among the Evangelical Churches in South Australia, and when he went to England, as he hoped to do shortly, he should say that it was not so much owing to their deeper piety as to their better common sense In adhering te things essential, and in things non - essential giving each other the most Christian liberty. (Laughter and applause.) It had always been a pleasure to him while in the colony to observe the ab; etice of those social distinctions which in England were to some extent the result of au Established Church; and he should ever esteem the true fraternal feeling evinced by the minis ters of other denominations. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. S. Knight 6aid the presence amoDarst a Wesleyan Conference of ministers representing other religious bodies seemed like the beginning of a new era, and he was heartily glad to wel come it. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that by their meetings they would be able to provoke one another to good works. On the pre vious Sunday evening— for the third time in twenty years—he took a holiday, and resolved on going to worship with the Rev. Dr. Ant iff. While trying to find out where he was preaching he saw so many people walking about the streets that he determined to visit as many places of worship as passible in order to see the number of worshippers. (Laughter.) During the time for divine service he visited 11 churches in the city proper, finding in ten of them only 1,715, and in the eleventh, which was a Roman Catholic church, about 450 persons. The total cf 2,165 was exclusive of Lutheran and Episcopalian churches, which, he did not visit. He thought 2,000 person out of a population of 20,000 was bat a small proportion to be found on Sunday evening within the walls of eleven places of worship within the city. At nearly all the hcttses he passed most, of the members of the families seemed to be. at home;. and as for f;he trains to Glenelg, why he at once saw in " them. the " _ people who should have formed the congregations. (Applause.) He extenuated" the small attendance on account of the severity of the weather; but he said to himself "This wou't do." (Ap plause.) He resolved to try if he could rouse the colony in some way or other when an occasion offered itaalf, though he did not expect eo soon to have an opportunity of speaking on the subject. (Laughter.) It appeared to him that what they wanted was work of a personal character—a house to house visitation, and to keep it up. (Hear, hear.) The Christian enthusiasm how existing was not strong enoogh to bring people to church or chapel on these oppressively hot evenings, and therefore they ought to be still more in earnest. As to the fraternal greetings they had just heard, he could, for the body of the Conference, sincerely tender his grateful thanks for the Christian support and co-opera tion which had been shown, and by which their hands were strengthened and their hearts cheered. (Applause.) The Presides T_ gave to each member of the deputation the right hand of Christian friend ship, and the proceedings then closed. AFTEBNOON SESSION. The case of the Eev. W. H. Pollard was re sumed. He requested that the resolution of Saturday might be read, which was as follows: " That Mr. Pollard is deemed inadequate to the requirements of our itinerant work on account of heart disease. The' Conference deeply sympathises with brother Pollard, and will keep him on trial if he desires it." He then said that while he should be unwilling to remain on probation for an indefinite period, he should be very willing to do so for another year, or even longer if1 necessary. Since his illness, for the last 16 months he had been actively engaged, and he believed that he was stronger now than a year ago. His whole heart was in the work of preaching the Gospel, and he hoped he might be permitted to continue in that employment. Beveral ministers expressed their deep sympathy with Mr. Pollard in his affliction. It was stated that in view of the trying character of the work the Conference could not take the responsibility of appointing him to a Circuit without his full concurrence, but as it was his wish it was resolved that he remain on trial another year. 1 A few verses of the solemn hymn "Come let us join our friends above" were then sung, the Eev. T. Lloyd engaged in prayer, and the President introduced the subject of the loss the Connexion had sustained in the death of the Eev. M.. Wilson. He read a letter written by the deceased minister on Saturday morning, in which lie spoke of suffering from a Blight sun stroke, but believed the effects were passing away, and prayed God's blearing might rest on the Conference. They might imagine the shook which he experienced on learning only a few hours after receiving the letter that its writer had already ceased from his labours. He hoped they would all learn from the incident to preach as dying men to dying men. The obituary notice read by Mr. Patchell contained the following references to the departed minister's character— " Mr. Wilson possessed a cheerful and amiable disposition. Ho lived a holy life, and main tained an unblemished reputation. The sim plicity of his character and eminently devotional spirit by which he was characterized secured for him general admiration, affeotion, and respect." Mr. Bickford said that the portrait was by no means overdrawn. Their departed friend was a man of God, full of faith and the Holy Ghost. He hoped that the .influence of his exemplary life and happy death would long be felt by his younger brethren. Mr. Bigg said he had learned to esteem Mr. Wilson for the sake of his character, and to love him as a father. He was one of the good men who were so scarce in the world. His nature was so far removed from fretfulness that intercourse with him was a delight. Mr. Goldsmith said that the peace of mind to which Mr. Bigg referred was not so much the result of constitu tional temperament as of a holy life. Mr. Burgess stated that he remembered Mr. Wilson's arival in the colony 22 years ago, and the impression prodnced upon |him by the spirituality of his character and the prayerfulness of his habits. A remarkably devotional spirit was one of his most distin guishing characteristics. Mr. Sinks felt that a singularly beautiful character, one of those which were the light of the world, had been taken away. He could not but mention the home piety exhibited by their sainted brother and his invariable readiness to serve the Church. Similar testimonies were borne by other minis ters. It was arranged that a funeral sermon should be preached by the President of the Conference on Wednesday evening, in Pirie-street Church. On account of a meeting of the Prince Alfred College Committee the Conferenoe adjourned at & o'clook. Seventh Day, Tuesday, Febbuaby 1. The whole of the day was occupied with a meeting of the Connexional Committee, which consists of all the ministers in full connexion in the colony and an equal number of laymen nominated by the Financial District Meetings, and meets annually, for the purpose of reviewing the whole financial operations of the Church. In addition to the ministers attending the Conference the following gentlemen were present:—Messrs, J. Carr, M.P., J. Pearce, D. Neck, M.P., G. W. Cotton, W. F. Wincey, J. Scott, J. S. Greer, G. Sara, T. S. Carey, J. W. Parsons, J. B. Hack, E. H. Butler, and D. Davidson, The Pbesident expressed his pleasure at seeing so many of the lay gentlemen present, and his gratification, in prospect of the business to be brought before the meeting, that they were well tried and zealous guardians of the interests of the Church. He thought they would be glad as a matter of information to have the statistics of the Church laid before them, the principal of which are as follows:—Churches, 190; other preaching places, 108; ministers, 40; local preachers, 292; adherents, 34,218; class leaders, 369; Church members, 4,986; ou trial for membership, 832; Sabbath-schools, 167 ; Sabbath-school teachers, 1,854; scholars, 13,042. Mr. Patchell referred to the unsatisfactory relation of the young people to the -Church, and proposed that strenuous efforts should be made to reetify it. Mr. Peabce and ethers deplored the fact, but did not know how to suggest a remedy. The Pbesident said that in view of the action taken by the General Conference, no legislation was possible this year. Mr. Knight thought that even without legislation a regula tion might be made, and described the success of recent movements at Gawler, where one fourth of a school containing 400 scholars were gathered into classes and receiving suitable religious training. Mr. Binks was tired of passing resolutions on this subject. If some one would strike out the right course and take definite action it would be far better. It should be clearly recognised that our baptised children belonged to Christ and His Church. After some further conversation on the disproportion between the members admitted on trial and those received into full connexion, the subject dropped. The various connexional funds were then con sidered. These funds are styled connexional because they are raised by and distributed over the whole Australasian Connexion, a General Treasurer being appointed by the General Con ference, and Colonial Treasurers being appointed in each colony, who submit their accounts to each Annual Conference. 1\. Children's Fund.—This fund has for its object the support of ministers' children during their early years, in order to equalize the ex penses to be borne by the respective Circuits, and is raised by a levy on the Circuits in pro portion to the number of their members. The balance-sheet was read by the Rev. ft. S. Casely, showing income, £890; disbursements in South Australia, £720; remitted to General Treasurers, £170. It was reported that the levy until the next General Conference be 4s. per member, and the grant be £7 16s. for each child per annum. The balance-sheet was adopted, and the thanks of the Committee presented to the Treasurers. The fact of the levy being made ou the membership led to a discussion on the im portaace of securing accurate returns, in which Messrs. G. Sara, J. Pearce, and others took part. It was alleged that many members of the Church evade their responsibilities, and contribute literally nothing in their classes. Mr. J. Scott spoke of the practice of pleading poverty as most demoralizing. The general scale of giving bore no proportion whatever to income, and he hoped that both from the pulpit and the press very decided utterances would be given. 2\. Fund for the Education of Ministers' Chil dren.—This fund was established for the purpose of assisting ministers to meet the educational expenses of their families, and is sus tained partly by public collections and partly by annual subscriptions from the ministers themselves. The balance-sheet sub mitted by the clerical Treasurer (Rev. W. P. Wells) showed a total income of £146 4s. 51., and expenditure £176 14s. Mr. Nock drew attention to the Supplementary Fund which it had been attempted to raise and regretted, its collapse. The Rev. S. Knight drew attention to the duties of the Colonial Treasurers, some mis understanding having arisen. The President ruled that all payments must be made through the Chairmen of Districts. The balance-sheet was adopted, thanks were presented to the Treasurers for their past serrioes, and the Rev. H. T. Burgees and Hon. J. Colton were ap pointed Treasurers for the ooming year. 3\. Fond for the support of Supernumeraries and Ministers' Widows.—The title of this Fond sufficiently indicates its purposes. It is main tained by the ministers' persons! contributions 5 of £6 6s. each per annum, a similar amount per minister raised by collections, and half the amount contributed from Circuit Funds. The balance-sheet read by Mr. W. Rhodes stated that the amount received in the colony from all sources was £508 8s. 9d. The disburse ments were made by the General Treasurers. Thanhs were voted to the Treasurers, and ap pointments made for next year. 4\. Foreign Missions.—The report was read by Mr. J. B. Hack. Mr. Cabb feared that the ' exclusive connection of the South Sea Missions with the Australasian Church had unfortunately diminished the interest felt in other parts of the great mission field. He moved—"That it is desirable that the missionary notices of the Wesley an Missionary Society in England' be more extensively circulated in the colony, and extracts therefrom read wherever practicable at the monthly missionary prayer meetings." The motion was carried. Home Mission and Contingent Fund.—This and the Church Building Loan Fund are knovra as Colonial Funds, inasmuch as their operations are limited to this colony. The Home Mission Fund is supported by annual collections and sub scriptions obtained 'throughout the oolony, Bud provides both for the incidental expenses neces sarily incurred in the management of the Coloniti Qhurch and for its extension andsupport in.the - more remote and sparsely- populated districts. TheBev. J. Bickfoed submitted abalanoe-sheet, from which it appeared that there-had been raised in the Southern District last year £679 10a. lid., and in the Northern District £863 9s. 2d. Mr. Peabce, in moving the adoption of tha report, spoke of the expense of printing. Mir. Bubgess, as one of the Secretaries, under took that the utmost economy., should, be practised. Thanks were presented' to the - Treasurers and Secretaries,, and the necessary appointments made for next year. It was - resolved that' as far. as possible the.-balanco sheets of the several accounts submitted to this Committee be previously printed.. The follow ing gentlemen were elected members of the ELome Mission Fund Committee for this year— Hon. J. Colton, Messrs. J. Carr,.M>P., D. Nock, M.P., J. Pearce, C. Drew, andT. Davis. ■ Church Loan Fund.—This fund was origi nated. at the time of the jubilee movement, and has been increased since that time by annual grants from the Home Mission Fund, and donations from trusts [and individuals, so that at present it amounts to about £7,000, which is usefully employed in saving interest and . reducing debts on Church properties, beingleat without interest on condition that it be repaid in five equal annual instalments. An elaborate and exhaustive report of the state of the Church, property was read by the Rev.. S.\ Knight. It called special attention to the financial condition . of certain Churches whioh ought to have primary consideration with the view of affording relief, to the state of titles and the neoesrity of careful registration, to the burdensome debts allowed to remain on seme new erections and especially on the parsonages. It was mentioned as a notice able fact that in 1866 the sum of £17,798 was raised for purposes - connected with. Church buildings; in 1868 (the year of depression) £24,000; and in the last year, one of the most prosperous the oolony had ever known, with 35 additional churches, and 11 more ministers as compared with 1866, the amount raised was only £23,832. As far as could be asoer- • tained by the schedules,- many of which were imperfect, the total cost of churches had been £142,9022 and .of parsonages £13,608. - The debt remaining on churches was £36,328, and on. parsonages £4,412trthe rate of iiquida-. tion bring in (most instances extremely slow. A. lengthy convention ensued on the various points .. raised by the report. Mr. Rbabgh suggested that; an amalgamation of some Southern Circuits would be necessary. Mr. Pabsohs differed. entirely. He .believed they, would be able to bold their own and pay their way. Mr. Biokfobd mentioned that the item " entire cost of Choroh ; property" was in certain eases erroneous, and a : correct statement would largely reduce the. percentage of debt. . Mr. Wufosz re ferred to cases in which title-deeds^ were improperly held, and urged the impor. tance of their being carefully guarded. Mr. Binks said that he had collected upwards of 80 deeds, and had been greatly assisted by Mr. G. W. Cotton. He moved that Mr.- Cotton, with the President of the Conference, be the custodian of deeds. Mr. Bubgess moved as an amend ment that the President be appointed custodian, and that he be authorized to secure a competent person as. Secretary. The amendment was carried. The servioes of Mr. Bickford as cus todian for last year were suitably acknowledged. The recommendations of the Southern District Meeting were agreed to, viz.:—That a column be inserted in the Circuit Schedule to show the present value of Church property, and a column also in the General Returns to show the number of " churoh buildings" other than churches. A cordial vote of thanks was presented to Ur. Knight for his able report, and he was requested to prepare a similar report next year. It was suggested that special carp should be exhibited in the preparation of all the schedules with a view to next year's report being printed and circulated. The Treasurer's report was taken as read, and he was requested to prepare an abstract for insertion in the Minutes of Conference. The Hen. J. Colton and Rev. W. P. Wells ware apointed Treasurers. The Rev. S. Knight was requested to continue his services as Secretary of the Auxiliary Loan Fund, which it was stated had reached the sum of £80 per annum, thereby considerably augmenting the amount available for loans. A resolution from the Northern District Meeting recommending an annual col lection for this fund was strongly urged by Messrs. Knight and Campbell, but was nega tived by the meeting. Cordial thanks wore pre sented to Mr. T. G. Waterhouse, of Surrey, for his gift of £120 towards the Loau Fund, and also to other contributors. The following reso lutions were adopted without discussion:— " That this Committee has heard with deepest regret that several of the trusts in various parts of the colony are so heavily burdened with debt, and earnestly urges the Trustees in those localities to do their very utmost as soon as possible fcto bring their several trust estates within the requirements of our connexions! rule." "That Superintendents of Circuits be instructed to do their utmost in every future case of erection or enlargement to utterly prevent any erection or enlaigement unless our connexiontd rule is observed." The above Rule provides that not more than one-third of the total cost of any church shall be allowed to remain as a debt after the opening services. The affairs of Prince Alfred College were next considered. A report was submitted by the Secretary and taken as read, from which it appeared that the net profit of the institution during the previous nine months had been £155; the liabilities on December 31,2S75, £3,888; and the attendance during the same period had increased from 145 to 153, including boarders, day scholars, and students. The generosity of Mr. T. G. Waterhouse in offering to supplement all amounts raised in the oolony by 50 per cent, was thankfully acknowledged, as were the services of the Committee of Management, the Treasurer, and Secretary. On the proposal to reappoint the Committee, Mr. Feaece gave notice that he would move next year to enlarge the Committee from subscribers to the Institution. A long discussion took place on the constitution of the College and its exact relation to the Wesleyan Church, which issued in the following resolution being adopted :— " That the Prince Alfred College be requested to appoint a Sub-Committee«to investigate the relation of the College Trust to the Connexion, and report to the ensuing Conference on the' best method of amending the Constitution." Book Depot.—In the absence of the Book Steward (Rev. W. L. Binks), Mr. Boegess submitted the accounts of the Book Depot, which -showed a profit during the past year of £287 17s. Id., and since its establishment of £1,736. The report was considered extremely satisfactory, and was adopted without discussion. Thanks were presented to the Book Steward, and the President of the Conference was ap pointed as his successor. Thanks were also voted to the Auditors, Messrs. W. Rhodes and T. J. C. Mann. Jubilee Fund.—This is an amount which was contributed at the time of the Jubilee towards a theological institution, and the interest on which is devoted to the training of students for the ministry. The Treasurer stated that the amount was £834 17s. 10d., which was lent to the Book Depot at 5 per cent. The report was adopted, and it was resolved that the Depot be required to pay 7 per cent, for the future. Resolutions from District and Quarterly Meetings on lay representation, intercolonial changes, furnishing parsonages, and op9n Con ferences, were read by the Secretary. With regard to the former of these subjects, Mr. 1^ 0 c k proposed that the discussion be postponed till the meeting immediately preceding tho next General Conference. Mr. Scott seconded. Ho hoped the matter would ultimately be settled without any conflict of feeling. Tho alienation of the people led to deplorable results, and he believed that whatever influence laymen might possess would be used for tho good of tho Church. Mr. Rigg agreed with the spirit of the resolutions, though not in all ca3os with the language. He only wished the laymen would come in and do the work— stationing and" all—for much of it was extremely distasteful to him. Mr. Knight announced himself as thoroughly converted to an out-and out Liberal on tHs subject. Mr. Hack was gratified by the evident desire of the ministers to meet the wishes of the laymen. The Passi BENT stated that the subject was now under dig cussion in I&agland;, and steps were being taken to obtain an Imperial Aet so that changes might he made in the constitution of the Australasian Church. In view of a probable communication from England before next Conference, it was decided to' take no action, and the motion was withdrawn. On the motion of Mr. Cabb, the proposition respecting furniture was not enter tained. The subject of open Conferences was introduced, and it was resolved that the next meeting of the Connexional Committee should be open to the public. The earnest attention paid to the business of the Committee by the laymen was gratefully reoognized by the ministers; and on the motion •f Mr. Cabb, seconded by Mr. Scott, and sup ported by Mr. Saba, cordial thanks were pre sented to the President. The meeting closed with the doxology and benediction shortly after 10 o'olook. Eighth Dat : Wednesday, Februaby 2. The resolutions of the Connexional Com mittee were taken as read, and formally adopted by the Conference. A telegram was read from the Bev. B, Chap man, Missionary Secretary, stating that min isters were urgently required for mission work in Fiji and elsewhere, and requesting supply. The Secretary of the Conference was instructed to reply that there were no men to spare from South Australia. The Conference Letter-writer was directed to prepare a letter of condolence to the widow and family of the late Bev. M. Wilson, expressing the deep sympathy of the Conferenoe with them in their bereavement. The Conferenoe was greatly affected by a telegram from a respected official of the Church in Moonta, which stated that his wife, who was at the point of death, desired to express her gratitude to God for blessings received through Methodist agencies, and prayed that they might be more successful than ever in their glorious mission. At the suggestion of the President the business was suspended, and the Bev. S. Knight engaged in prayer on behalf of the sender of the message. The remainder of 'the day was occupied with the consideration of the appointments for next year, in the course of which it was resolved that aB domestic affliction renders it necessary for the Bev. A. J. Bogle shortly to leave the Northern Territory, a request be sent to England for a minister to supply his place, and that Mr. Bogle be requested to . remain at Palmers ton, if possible, till his suocessor arrives. This closed the day's proceedings. 