Supreme Court MONDAY, DECEMBER '4. I BEfoRE his Honor Sir James Cockle, Chief Justice, and a jury of twelve. MISDEMEANOR UNDER THE INSOLVENCY ACT. The trial of Robert Armour, indicted for a misdemeanor under the 29th section of the Insolvency Act of 1874, was continued. The Attorney-General and Mr. Garrick, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, appeared for the prosecution and Mr. Pring, Q.C., and Mr. Real, instructed by Mr. Wilson and Messrs. Roberts and Liddle, for the defence. J. H. Medhurst, recalled by Mr. PRING : It was between nine and ten o'clock in the morning of August 22, when witness went to Armour's store and signed the blank receipts ; Mr. Clark opened the door to him Mr. Clark saw witness and defendant together ; if the servant girl at Mr. Armour's swore that Armour was in his own house at that time, attended his sick child, she would be perjuring herself. James Henry Faulkner, examined by Mr. GARRifiK (continued) : iVat in Medhurst's employ in all 1875, and up to February, 1876 was storeman there when witness was absent, John Robinson received the goods at Medhurst's when he was not receiving goods, witness was sometimes packing and getting the goods ready for-sale ; the goods received at Medhurst's were first put into a store facing the river ; they were taken from there to different parts of the premises where they were used in the business ; goods received by witness were entered by him in a receiving back ; the book produced is that in which these goods were entered ; did not remember receiving any sugar at Medhurst's from Armour and Co. in August, 1875 ; looking at the receiving boofc,'witupsa could see no entry of sugar received from Armour and Co. in August, 1875 ; received no sugar from Armour and Co. in August, Iff. 5 ; did receive some crushed loaf -. sugar in September from Armour and Co.-; it was in 2 cwt. casks ; there were thirty casks entered £3 having been received on September 2 ; received no other crushed loaf- sugar -for Medhurst's from Armour and Co. in the month of September ; received none in the month of July ; twenty casks were received in June ; there was an entry of it in the book produced ; sawyer entered as having been received on June 16, and ten on June 17; it was all" from Robert Armour and Co. ; witness was in Medhurst's store every working day in august from eight till six ; did not at any time in that month see sixty-eight casks of crushed loaf: sugar in that store ; would have seen it had it been there in the beginning of August, 1875, Hare were a good manycasksof crushedSoAf sugar in the store (about twenty) ; but at the end not more than about nine or ten ; the receiving store was about 60 feet by 25 feet ; no such quantity . c8 sixty-eight casks of sugar could have come in Medhurst's store during business hours without " witness knowing it no other store was used for receiving goods until the one referred to had been filled in August, 1875, no crushed loaf sugar was put into any other store by reason of that being full. Cross-examined by Mr. Pumo : If witness was not present would have seen the sugars (if delivered on August 14 when he come back was not long enough absent for it to be taken away ; would not SWORE that it was impossible for the sugar to have been delivered without his seeing it would swear that he was not absent from the store on any one day in August for more than an hour ; but for nothing in the book could not have been so sure of the date, but would have known that it was in September that thirty casks of sugar were received from Armour; Medhurst did occasionally receive goods in the absence of Robinson and witness ; had never said that if Medhurst set up in business he would make it hot for him did not start with Robinson in the cordial business until after Medhurst's insolvency; Medhurst filed his schedule in December, and witness and Robin- son started in business on February 4, up to which he was in Medhurst's employ; there were two stores on Medhurst's premises, both the same length and breadth, and exactly similar in external appearance ; there was a partition between the two ; there were four doors leading outwards, one at the end of each leading on to the wharf, and one at the other end of each opening into the yard ; they were side by side with their ends to the river in August the store was full to the door of other goods than sugar ; believed that the room for the thirty casks sugar on September 2 was made by packing a lot of old bottles and making room for it 4 the other store was Hourly full of vinegar, lucid, and cordial cases ; the place between the store and the manufactory was kept for oils, essence--., Ac. ; there was but little sugar in this store during the whole of August, 1575 not more than 50 casks at any time ; dare say before the Police Magistrate that there were not more than ten -casks of sugar in the store in by August, but that sower referred to the 14th 1 by of that month ; the receiving store was locked up at night and the toys were hung up in Mr. Medhurst's kitchen- Mr. Medhtrstkept the keys; 'he store had an upper and a lower floor, and a cellar underneath ; there were 1:0 means of put Eng goods into the boiler from the ground door ; the cellar opened into the river, but could be reached from the ground floor by an opening in the: door ; there was a block at J tackle for lift tug goods from the outside up to the top story that was in working order up to the time witness left ; knew a storekeeper on Spring Hill James Aitken ; remembered Kid and Max burst being together in the store five or six times- could not say whether it was in August or Se$e<;niber ; heard them «jMuiltiiig or tartaric acid ; a'. one time when he saw Aitken there, in January 1875, there were a hundred casks of sugar in the store ; would not have thought it aiiythiut.-ixtraordinary to see so large a quantity of sugar it the store ; Medhurst's business would have warranted a much larger quantity than sixty- eight casks of sugar ; from independent memory, could swear that the twenty casks and the thirty wore the only two lots that came in the whole of £375. By a Juryman The sugar casks were about 2 feet a inches in height, and fifteen or eighteen inches in diameter, made of pine that was the usual size ; there were some other casks very much like them in the store at that time. By Mr. Pnixc. The crushed loaf sugar casks resembled casks of bottled beer; had looked at Medhurst's stock-book, which should have contained an account of the thirty casks of crushed beet-sugar received on September 2 ; did not find the entry ; searched in the part where it should have been might sometimes have been absent five or six times during the day, but never for more than an hour at a time ; had seen in the papers that Medhurst had stated that if he had sworn certain things he swore falsely ; he (witness) still adhered to what he had before said there was a wharf on to which these stores opened at the extreme end of the wharf there was a break in the bank at the extreme right of the right hand store there was 0 gate in 1875 a dray could go down to the gate and take goods away ; could not take anything over the wharf, as it was in bad repair ; casks could not be taken from the cellar and punted away ; there was no lowering tackle ; it could not have been done without a good deal of trouble ; the decking of the wharf was washed away by the flood ; the level of the wharf was lower down than the ground floor of the store by seven or eight feet ; a punt could not come within sixty feet of the door ; the wharf had not been raised, as far as he knew, since August, 1875 ; in loading goods there, a dray would go down behind the immigration barracks the road ends at Median st's store; there was only one small dwelling-house between Queen-street and that store, except the buildings at the rear of the barracks. Re-examined by Mr. GARRICK : PetUgrow's watchman looked after the whole of the premises on again looking at the stock-book already produced, could say that there were no entries for 1875 in that book ; could distinguish between casks of crushed loaf sugar and those of bottled beer in January, 1875, was the only time during which any such quantity as 100 casks of crushed loaf sugar was in the store ; the stores were locked, but there was no fence, so that the whole of the premises could not be locked up in the upper floor of the receiving store, in 1875, there were corks and bottled beer ; there was no sugar there there was none in the cellar ; there was very little planking on the wharf in 1875 ; where an order from Armour and Co. was too large to be delivered in one load it was usual to give a receipt for each | 1431 load, but this was not always done, 1431 CCL mu rea erect a 1 won for rub h Che stat rien exam note J. deli the that of a very, bool it 1 and then with care the of b coir butt blue butt with) paper note made butt the n t delay Neil Neil ink note and differ) but the bow butt than delay same 1513 show By Mr. PRING The thirty casks in September would not have required three receipts if they came together ; but if they had come at intervals each lot would have got a receipt in the case of sixty-eight casks delivered in six loads by two drays, there would have been nothing extraordinary in one receipt being given at the end of the day, if Armour's storeman and the receiver were present to count them ; witness would not have received them in that way. John Robinson, examined by the ATTORNEY GENERAL, stated that he resided at the Ulster Hotel, Elizabeth-street, and was a cordial manufacturer was last year in the employ of Mr. J. H. Medhurst was employed by him during the whole of that year as manufacturer ; he also assisted in the store ; Faulkner was employed to receive goods coming into the store ; when Faulkner was absent, witness received them ; it was very seldom he received any ; when he did he reported it to Faulkner, giving him the delivery note ; never received any casks of crushed loaf sugar during Faulkner's absence ; witness' duties kept him employed about the place all day ; received no sugar in the month of August, to his knowledge ; during the mouth of August, 1875, there might have been from ten to twenty casks of crushed loaf sugar in the store ; there was not at any time in August as much as fifty casks of sugar ; fifty or sixty casks of crushed loaf sugar could not have come on the premises without witness seeing it no such quantity came there in August, 1875. Cross-examined by Mr. PRING : He meant he did not see it come there was not often absent from the store ; could not swear from independent memory that he was on the pro- mises all day on August 14 e, if witness and Faulkner were both absent Medhurst would take delivery of goods on August 14, 1875 there was in the store nearest the roof casks of bottled beer, acids, corks, and such things ; it was not nearly full I remembered sugtr-coniing three or four months before the insolvency ; could not swear that no crushed sugar came into the store in August. Re-examined by the ATTORNEY-GENERAL The sugar to which he had just referred was from twenty-five to thirty casks-about two and a-half or three, loads ; no other of shed loaf sugar came within a month before or after that time ; did not remember both Faulkner and himself being absent from the store at he same time. By Mr. PRING : There were two men and two or three boys in addition to Faulkner and witness employed about the yard. By the ATTORNEY-GENERAL The men were laborers, and the boys were employed to bottle it! cordials. By a Juryman : If goods had been delivered in the absence of witness and Faulkner, they could not have been stowed away before their return ; not a quantity such as sixty-eight casks of-sugar. Francis Havvtree, examined by the ATTORNEY GENERAL, stated that he was a town traveller for Mr. R. D. Neilson, merchant was in his employ in August, 1875, as clerk ; received goods sent to Mr. Neilson; Mr. Neilson and the defendant had two or three transactions about that time ; remembered their receiving some sugar from Mr. Armour ; there were two dray loads ; saw the delivery notes ; would know them again if he saw them ; those produced are them ; the sugar ewes delivered on August 14, 1875 ; one of the notes came with each load. Mr. PRING objected to the reception of these receipts, as having nothing to do with the case before the court. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said it would be remembered that in his opening speech he had alluded to the book now in evidence, said to contain the butts of the receipts. He had stated that he could produce genuine delivery notes, given during the month of August, 1875, and that he would show that they wore printed on different paper and written with different ink from that used in the butt of the receipt-book from which they were supposed to have been taken, and most cover that he could produce the genuine receipt 1931, which had been given for goods delivered to Mr. Neilson. The fact which it was desired to prove, therefore, was that the receipt-book that containing the butts of the receipts-was not a genuine one that it was not in use in 1875 ; but had been made up since. His Honor decided to admit the documents subject to directions. The two delivery notes were both dated August 14, 1875, for 48 mats of sugar each, and were numbered respectively 1430 and 1431. Cross-examined byMr PaiNO : It was extraordinary that there should be two delivery notes on the same day, with the same number ; would think it extraordinary to find in the butts 1423 coming after 1426 ; could say on looking at the book that this was the case ; 1423 was on August 25 ; there were two receipts numbered 1423-one in its right place; Mr. Neilson found the two delivery notes produced ; the whole of the forty-eight mats of sugar formed part of one and the same order By the ATTOBÍIEY-GENKIUL : Could not swear that he had ever soon the book containing the facts before ; the drayman generally carried either loose receipts for signature or the butts v th the receipts attached. malcolm McIntyre, storeman at Clarke, Hodgson, and Co.'s, examined by the ATTORNEY GEN: HAI" stated that he was employed in the same capacity in the month of August last year ; the firm had received goods from Armour and Co. witness generally took, delivery of them ; they were always accoi|i]>uiccd by a delivery note ; remembered receiving the delivery note produced on August 10, 1475; the receipt came, with the goods mentioned therein, from Armour and COPRA another receipt produced), dated August 23, 1875, and auction dated Aug list 30 of the same year, came with goods from An moist and Co. The three doftveiy-iiotcs, limit Hired 1452, 1184, and 1513 respectively, spoken to by the witness, were then put in evidence. Mr. PriNG again objected to the admission f there receipts also ; but his Honor ultimately decided to admit them. Cross-examined by Mr. Purse There is one receipt for twenty bags of Magarey's (flour that would take two drays ; there was only one re accept ; two drays often went together, and the men helped one another in that case only one receipt would be given ; the marks on one of the receipts were probably caused by the sweat from a man's hand ; seven cases of galvanised iron would be four loads ; there was only one receipt for them ; did not sign for each dray load as a rule. Karl Theodor Staiger, Government Analytical Chemist, examined by the ATTOIINI.V-GI:M:IIAI., stated that he had had twenty-five years' experience in the use of the microscope ; he had examined under a microscope the five delivery notes in evidence and the receipt-note signed "J. H. M." ; found that the paper of the five delivery notes showed itsolfidautic.il ; examined the receipt note signed " J. If. M." ; the paper of that receipt-note was of a different kind to that of the five delivery notes ; the difference was very visible ; looking at the butt of receipt book witness said he had never seen it before; the receipt signed "J. R. M." and the butts were like one another ; they appeared to be the Home, looking at them with a small magnifying glass; it would require careful microscopical examination to say more ; the five delivery notes, compared with the book of butts, by the same means, were found not to correspond in the quality of the paper ; the butts seemed to be a coarse paper, and the blue was in a larger quantity in the paper of the butts than in that of the delivery notes at witness' office he had looked at both sides of the paper of the delivery notes and of the receipt note ; here, he had only looked at the written side of the butt; looking at the backs of the butts and of the delivery notes, he found that the distribution of the blue in the paper at the butts was different from that of the delivery notes. [Looks at butt 1431 referring to Neilson's goods, and the delivery note 1431, Neilson.] The paper was different in the two ; the ink also seemed different that on the delivery note appeared to be an order ink ; 1430 butt and and 1430 delivery note also showed the same difference ; both in ink and paper ; looking at butt 1402, Clarke, Hodgson, and Co., there was the same difference in paper, and a difference between the ink of this and the corresponding butt the ink on the delivery note was far older than that in the butt ; looking at butt 3184 and delivery-note 1484, he stated that there was the same difference in paper and ink as in the others ; 1513 butt and the corresponding delivery note showed the same difference in paper and ink ; butt | 1431 in the name of Medhurst, and the receipt 1431, signed " J, H.M.," appeared similar ; the wish se day at the pen 11 dilli out tent gran spec ollie the true Echo Farm faC'llO cor]) Act folio men ac, both TI by 1 their march large good the i corn on a sent in a 15 the c on the TI expli pearl So ment Hiibu prop humor fence for a reply be) to the li in th explo mern book had been perforated to allow of the receipts being torn out, between the butts in our notes , applying the receipt note 1431 to the butt 1431' Medhurst so as to make the horses complete, showing the original perforations md as far as he could make it out, the Medhi List receipt did come from the Mid hill st but t looking with magnifying ghost is differ' t to say, without more investigation, which could not be made in court, whether they did c correspond opening the defendant's journal it pigs 204, witness stated that he had cousin jd the entries on the page with a strong longing lying glass , under date August 17.3 an entry R Medhurst \\. Co 322 18s and in the same 1 me there was No 121 the words "Medhurst and Co was written on a part of the paper on v which an erasure had been made, and in power ak than in the beginning if the day, in the low it part of the 2 of the 121 he discovered two dots , the ink in the figures scene 1 to be the same as in the words "Medhurst and Co, in the £ joUiinn the numbers 322 were formerly only 3 , the 3 stood in the only place in the s Adlinga column the S was added to a which was formerly there what is now £322 18s was formerly £3 Is , the entry on the previous line v. as, a Cosh sales, Grand IM monds, folio, 120, £3 lbs in the words " Grey and Ldui finds, the work of 1 almonds seemed rather now in the figures £3 10s the " 0 was fort) jelly " 5, and the figure 3 in the £ column was also very new in , there were three additions at the bottom of the page , one of the car was " 558 15s is , the figures were form- erly £235 15s 5d , the other two totals were £3966 0s. 6d, the first of those was for nearly £8643 Os 6d, and the other was the sir ne on page 205 the totals had both been c. and over £3966 0s bed and in each of these natiuiccB also the figures had or gin ally been £3643 0s. 6d looking back to page 201 saw an entry on August, 1875, ' John Morse, for 112 £6 12s 4d , found that it was formerly £6 11s , had discovered all these alterations by means of a magnifying glass Cross-examined by Mr PRING was first called in in this case on Tuesday or Wednesday last, the erasure on page 204 was pointed out to witness, the words "Medhurst and Co were on an erasure visible without a glass , could not say what had been erased to make room for Medhurst and Co , inkstands isuiificquently produced-a blot, and its color was slightly dark end , the fact that it had been written over an erasure did not account for the darker color , judged the difference by the color , there was no difference of the twelve months between the color of ink used over an ex- a sure and that on the un erased paper, there was diUeienco when the ink was fresh, there was a difference between the receipt note "J H Al and the five delivery notes , would swear that they did not all come out of the same book , the influences of exposure to the atmosphere would not account for the difference , the differences could not have proceeded from natural causes, the distribution of coloring matter was diUcrcnt looking at two of the denver y notes, 1917 and 1131, he could say that one was all blue and the other had three white stripes on it, which might have been caused by dampness , water, d imp, Min, of chemicals would have on effect on the color of the paper, there was no water line in the receipt note, nor in delivery note 1430 Re examined by the ATTUHM V Gi NI II VI Such influences which affect the distribution of color in paper, and the texture too the cob I would wash out with water, and the texture would get loose , nothing of that kind had happened to my except that with the stripes (1513) could say from his kinetoscope that no hitch change, had taken place in any of the five delivery notes us would prevent him from aspect taming whether they were the same papers our it , used the word water mark in the sense of a stain from wet, not a manufacturers mark the AuoiiM v G M UM tendered in evidence the defendant H day book On the application of the ATTOIIM i GTM it is, the book of delivery butts, the five delivery notes, and the receipt note were handed over to Mr Staiger for find they ox animation On the application of Mr Pulver, the bail was renewed Mr S Howes was accepted as a surety in the place of Mr M'Kell in, who was prevented from being present, owing to illness, and Mr J Moiso again acted in the other surety The court adjourned at MIX of el >ck p m, until ten o'clock tim of It w. "B (HUG) UIOI made 