TALES. ? ? EDINA. By Mrs. HENRY WOOD, Author or ' East Lv.vne.' | ? ! [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by tho proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter I. — Hhaud at Midnight. The Ullage was called Trennach ; and the scene about it was bleak and bare and dreary enough, J though situated in the grand old county of Corn- j ?wall. For, mines lay around, -with all the signs and j features of miners' work : yawning pit mouths, ]ead- j ing down to their rich beds of mineral — some of the mines in all the bustle of full operation, some worked I out and abandoned. Again, surrounding these, might ! be seen miners huts ana other dwelling-places, j The little village of Trennach skirted this tract of labour ; for, while the mining district extended for some miles on the one side the hamlet, on the other side half an hour's gentle walking brought you to a different-looking land altogether — to trees, and pas ture land, and luxuriant vegetation. The village street consisted chiefly of shops. Very humble shops, most of them : but the miners and the other inhabitants, being Qut of reach of better, found them good enough. Most of the shops dealt in mixed articles, and might be called rather general shops than special ones. The linendraper, for instance, j added brushes and brooms to his cottons and stuffs ; i the grocer sold saucepans and gridirons ; the baker did a thriving trade in home-made pickles. On a -dark night, the most cheery-looking shop was the i -druggist's: the four globes— red, green, blue, and 1 amber — displayed in its windows sending forth their ? colours on the face of the passers-by, and tinging the ; puddles in the road. This shop had also aided j another branch of trade to its legitimate one— that j of general literature : for the one - doctor of ; the place dispensed llis own medicines, and j the sale of the chemist's drugs was not great. ; The shop boasted of a small circulating; library ; or, j as it was called there, a book-lending club ; tlie i miners and the miners' wives were, like their betters, ; fond of sensational fiction. The books consisted en- ; tirely of cheap volumes, sold at a shilling or two ! shillings each ; some indeed at sixpence. The pro- j prietor of this shop, Edmund Float, chemist and : druggist, was almost a chronic invalid, and would ? often be laid up for a week together, Tlie doctor j told him that, if he would give less of his time to that ! noted hostelrie, the Golden Shaft, he might escape ! 'these attacks of sickness. During their continuance ' -he business of the shop, both as to its drugs and i books, was transacted by a young man, a native of ! Falmouth ; one Blase Pellet, who had served his ap- ?? prentieeship in it and remained on as assistant. i The doctor's name was Raynor. He wrote him- ' self Hugh Ravnor, M D., being a member of the j Boyal College of Physicians. Tliat he, a man of fair ! ability in his profession and a gentleman as well, should be content to live in this obscure place, exer- : cismg the drudgery of general practitioner and apothe cary, may seem a matter of marvel — but his history shall be given further on. His house stood in the j middle of tlie village, somewhat back from the street- j line : a low, square, detached house, with a bow j window on either side its entrance, and' three windows above. On the door, which always stood open in the daytime, was a brass plate announcing liis name, j '?Dr. Raynor.' The bow window to its left was shaded bv a brown wire blind, bearing the word ' Surgery ' in large white letteis. Tlie blind reached about half-way up the window, and Dr. Raynor's ' white head, or the young head of his handsome I nephew, might on occasion be seen over it by the foot ; passengers, or by Mr. Blase Pellet over the way. ! For the doctor's house and tlie druggist's shop faced j each other ; and Mr. Pellet, being of an inquisitive [ disposition, seemed never to tire of peeping and peer ing into his neighbours' doings generally, and especially into any that might take place at Dr. Kaynor's. At either end of this rather straggling | 6treet were seated respectively the parish church and the Wcsleyan meeting-house But most of the miners followed their fathers' faith — that of Wesleyan Methodist. It was Monday morning, and a cold bright day in j March. The wind eame sweeping down the wide . street ; the dust whirled in the air ; but overhead the j sun was shining. Dr. Raynor stood by the fire in his j surgery — the fireplace being opposite the door — looking over his day-book, in which a summary of the cases under present treatment was entered. He j was dressed in black, A tall, grand-looking, elderly , man, with a pale, placid face, very quiet in manner, | and carefully-trimmed thin white whiskers shading 1 his cheeks. It was 8 o'clock, and he had just come , into the surgery ; his nephew had been in it half an | hour. Never was there a more active man in his work than Dr. Raynor had been ; up early, and to I bed late ; but latterly his energy had strangely failed him. ' Has any message come in this morning from Pol io ;k's wife, Frank?' he asked. 'No, sir.' ' Then I suppose she's better,' remarked the Doc tor. closing the book as he gpoke, and moving towards the window. j A square table stood at the end of the room, facing ; the window. Behind it was Frank llaynor, making up mixtures, the ingredients for which he took from, i some of the various bottles that were ranged in rows upon the shelves behind him. He was a slender, gentlemanly young fellow of four-and-twenty, rather above the middle height, and wore this morning a suit ! of gray clothes. The thought that passed through a stranger's mind on first seeing Frank Raynor was, how good-looking he is ! It was not, however, so much in physical beauty tliat the good looks con sisted, as in the bright expression pervading his well-featured face, and the sunny gladness in his \ laughing blue eyes. The face lacked one thing — j firmness. In the delicate mouth, very sweet and j pleasant in form though it was, might be traced his J want of stability. He could not say no to a petition, | let it be wliat it might : he might be swayed as easily as the wind. Most lovable was Frank Raynor; but he would be almost sure to be his own enemy as he went through life. You could not help liking him ; everybody did that — with the exception ot Mr. Blase Pellet across the road. Frank's hair was of a golden brown, curling slightly, and worn rather long. His face, like his uncle's, was close-shaved, save for the whiskers, which were of the same colour as the hair. ' What a number of men are standing about !' exclaimed Dr. Raynor, looking over the blind. ' More even than usual on a Monday morning. One might tliink none of them were at work.' ' None of them are,' replied Frank. ' As I hear.' 'No! what's tliat for r' Frank's lips parted with a smile. An exceedingly aruused look sat in his laughing blue eyes as he answered. 'Through some superstition, I fancy, Uncle Hugh. They say the Seven Whistlers were heard in the night.' Dr. Raynor turned quickly to face his nephew. ' The Seven Whistlers !' he repeated. 'Why, who says that 'r' ' Ross told me. He came in for some laudanum for his neuralgia. As there is to be no work done to day, the overseer thought he might as well lie up and doctor himself. A rare passion he is in.' ' Can't he get the men to work 'Not one of them. Threats and promises-alike fail. There's safe to be an accident if they go down to-day, say the men ; and they won't risk it. Bell had better not come in Ross's way while his present temper lasts,' added Frank, with a broader smile, as he began to screw a cork into a bottle. ' I think Ross would knock him down.' ' Why Bell in particular r' ' Because it is Bell who professes to have heard the Whistlers.' ' And none of the others r' cried the Doctor. 'Well, I fancy not. Uncle Hugh, what is tlie superstition ? — what does it mean ? I don't under- | stand : and Ross, when I asked him, went into an explosive fit, instead of answering me. Something i ridiculous ? ' Dr. Raynor briefly explained. This superstition of i the Seven Whistlers arose from certain sounds heard in the air. They were supposed by the miners, when heard — which was very rare indeed^ intliis neighbour- ' hood— to bode ill luck. Accident, death, all kinds of calamity, in fact, might be looked for, according to ] the popular superstition, by those who had the mis- ! fortune to hear the sounds. Frank Raynor listened to the Doctor's short expla nation, a glow of amusement on his face. It sounded . to him like a bit of absurd fun. : ' Yeu don't believe in any such nonsense, surely, ' Uncle Hugh!' j Dr. Raynor had returned to the fire, and was ' gazing straight out before him ; some speculation, or . perhaps remembrance, or it may be doubt, in his gray ? eyes. ; ' All my experience in regard to the Seven Whistlers ; is this, Frank — and you may make the most of it. ; Many years ago, when I was staying amid the col- , lieries in North Warwickshire, there arose one morn ing a commotion. The men did not want to go down j the pits that day, alleging as a reason that the Seven ' Whistlers had passed over the place during the night, ' and had been heard by many of them. I naturally ! inquired what the Seven Whistlers might mean, never ! having heard tell of them, and received in reply the same explanatian I have now given you. But work men were not quite so independent in those days, Frank, as they are in these ; and the men were forced to go down the pits as usual.' ' And what came of it f' asked Frank. 'Of the aroing down? This. An accident took phice in the pit that same morning — through fire damp, I think ; and many of them never came uj* alive.' ' How dreadful ! But that could not have been the fault of the Seven Whistlers r' debated Frank. 'My second and only other experience was here at Trennach,' continued Dr. Raynor, passing over Frank's comment. ' About six years ago some of the miners professed to have heard these sounds. That same day, as they were descending one of the shafts after dinner, an accident occurred to the machinery ? ' ' ' And did damage ?' interrupted Frank, with grow ing interest. 'Yes. Three of the men were precipitated to the bottom of the mine, and killed, and several others were injured more or less, some badly. I attended them. You ask me if I put faith in the superstition, Frank. No ; I do not. But these experiences that I have told you are facts.' A pause. Frank was recontinuing his work. 'Are the sounds all fancy, Uncle Hugh?' ' Oh no. The sounds are real.' ' What do they proceed from? What cause* them ? ' ' It is said that they proceed from certain night birds,' replied Dr. Raynor. 'These flocks of birds, in their nocturnal passage across the country, make plaintive, wailing sounds ; and when tbe sounds are heard, they are superstitiously supposed to predict evil to the hearers. Ignorant men are credulous. That is all about it, Frank.' 'Did you ever hear the sounds yourself Uncle Hugh?' ?'Never. This is only the third occasion that I have been in any place at the time they have been heard — or said to have been heard — and I liave not myself been one of the hearers. There's Bell I' added Dr. Raynor, perceiving a man leave the chemist's opposite and cross the street in the direction of liis house ; for the wire blind did not obstruct the view outwards, though it did that, inwards. 'He seems to be coming here.' ' And Float the miner's following hiin,' observed Frank. Two men came in through the Doctor's open front door, and thence to the surgery. The one was a little, middle-aged man, who carried a stout stick in his hand, and walked somewhat lame ; his countenance was not very pleasing at the best of times, and just new it liad a gray tinge on it that was rather remark able. This was Josiah Bell. The one who followed him in was a tall, burly man, 'with a pleasant face ; his cheeks were as red as a farm labourer's, his voice was soft, and liis manner meek and retiring The little man's voice was, on the contrary, loud and. self-asserting. Bell was given to quarrel with every one who would quarrel with him ; hardly a day passed but he, to use his own words, 'had it out' with somebody. Andrew Float had never quarrelled VIEW. OF DOUBLE BAY. «n his life ; not even -with, his quarrelsome friend Bell ; but he 'was one of the most peaceable and. easy-natured of men. Though only a common miner, he was brother to 'the chemist, and«also brother to John Float, landlord of the Golden Shaft. The three brothers were usually distinguished in the place as Float the druggist, Float the miner, «nd Float the publican. ' I've brought Float over to ask vou just to look at ihis arm of his, Doctor,' began bell. ' It strikes me his brother is not doing ?what's right for it.' There was a refinement in the man's acccnt, a readiness of speech, an independence of tone, not at all in keeping with what might be expected from one ?of a gang of miners. The fact was, Josiah Dell had originally held a better position, lie had begun life as a clerk in the office of some large colliery works in Staffordshire ; but, partly owing to unsteady habits, partly to an accident which had for many months laid trim low and lamed him for life, he had sunk down in the world to be what he now was— a labourer in a Cornish mine. ' What, won't tlie burn heal.-' observed Dr. Ray nor. ' Let me see it, Float.' ?'If ye'd please to be so good, sir,' replied tlie big man, with deprecation, as he took off his coat and Erepared to display his arm. It had been badly umed some time before ; and it seemed to get worse instead of better, in spite of tlie doctoring of his brother the chemist and of Mr. Blase Pellet between -whiles. ' I have asked you more than once to let me look to your arm, you know, Float,' remarked Mr. Frank llaynor. ' But I didn't like to trouble ye, Master Raynor, ye see. I thought Ned and his siaves could do for' t, ?sir' ' And so you men are not at work to-day, Hell !' began the Doctor, as he examined the arm. ' What's this absurd story I hear about the Seven Whistlers ?' Bell's aspect' changed at the question. The gray pallor on his face seemed to become grayer. It was n grayness that attracted Dr. Raynor' s attention : he had never seen it in the man's face before. ' They passed over Trennach at midnight,' said Bell, in low tones, from which every bit of inde pendence had gone out. ' I heard them myself.' ' And who else heard them ?'* ' I don't know. Nobody — that I can as yet find out. The men were all indoors, tliey say, before midnight. The Golden Shaft shuts at 1 1 on a Sun day night.' ' You staj'ed out later?' I came on to Float the druggist's when the public-house shut, and smoked a pipe with him ai.d Pellet. It was in going home that I heard the Whistlers.' ' You may h^ve been mistaken — in thinking you heard them.' 'No,' dissented Bell. 'It was right in the middle of the Bare Plain. I was stepping along quietly ? ' ' And soberly ?' interposed Frank, with a twinkling «jf the eye and in a tone that might be taken for either .feat or earnest. 'And soberly,' asserted Bell, resentfully. 'As sober as you are now, Mr. Frank Raynor. I was stepping along quietly, I say, when the church clock began to strike. I stood still to count, not believing it could be 12 — for I didn't seem to have stayed twenty minutes at the druggist's. It was 12, how ever, and I was still standing stockstill after the sound of the last 6troke had died away, wondering how it could be so late, when those other sounds broke out high in the air above me. Seven of them : I counted them as I had counted the clock. The saddest sound of a wailing cry I've ever heard — save once before. It seemed to freeze me up.' ' Did you hear more?' asked Dr. llaynor. 'No. And the last two sounds of the seven were «o faint I should not have heard them but that I was listening. The cries had broken out right above where I was standing : they seemed to go gradually .away to a distance.' 'I say that you may have been mistaken, Bell,' persisted Dr. -Raynor. ' The sounds you heard may not have been the Whistlers.' Bell shook his head. His manner and voice this morning were more subdued than usual. ' I can't be mistaken in them. Nobody can be that has once lie&rd; them, Dr. Raynor,' ' Is it the hearing of them which has turned your face so gray?' questioned Frank, alluding to the peculiar pallor noticed by his uncle ; but which the cider and more experienced man had refrained fiom remarking upon. ' I didn't know it was gray,' rejoined Bell, his re sentful tone cropping up again. ' It' 8 as gray as this powder,' persisted Frank, holding forth a delectable compound of ashy- hued stuff he was preparing for some patient's palate. ' Arid so, on the strength of tliis night adventure of yours, Bell — or rather of your ears — all you men axe making holiday to-day ! ' resumed the Doctor. But Bell, who seemed not to approve of Frank's personal remarks on his complexion, possibly taking them to be made only in ridicule — though he might have known Frank Raynor better — stood in dud geon, his back against the counter, and vouchsafed no reply. Andrew Float took up the word in his humble, hesitating fashion. 'There ain't one of us, Dr. Ravnor, sir, that would venture down to- day after this. 'When Bell come up to the mine this morning, where us men was collect ing to go down, and said the Seven Whistlers had passed over last night at midnight, it took us all aback. Not one of us would hazard it after that. Hoss, lie stormed and raged, but he couldn't force as.*' ' And the Golden Shaft will get tlie benefit of you instead ! ' said the Doctor. ' Our lives is dear to all of us, sir,' was the de precating reply of Float, not attempting to con fute the argument. ' And I thank ye kindly, &ir; ; for it feels more comfortable like. They burns be nasty things.' ' They are apt to be so when not properly attended to. Your brother should not have let it get into this ' Well, you see, Dr. Raynor, sir, some days he have been bad abed, and I didn't trouble him with it then ; And young Pellet, he don't seem to know much about they bad places.' ' You should have brought it to me. Bell, how is your wife to-day?' ' Pretty much as usual,' said surly Bell. ' If she's worse, it's through the Seven Whistlers. She don't like to hear tell of 'em.' ' Why did you tell her r' Josiah Bell lifted his cold light eyes in a sort of wonder. ' Could I keep such fe thing as that to my self, Dr. Raynor? It comes as a warning of evil, and must be guarded against. That is, as far as we can ^card against it.' ''Has the sickness returned?' w For the matter of that, she's always feeling sick. I should just give her some good strong doses of, mustard and water to make her sick in earnest, if it | was me, Doctor ; and then perhaps the feeling would £o off.' 'Ah,' remarked the doctor, a faint smile parting his' lips, 'we are all apt to think we know other peopfc'g bmwnees best, Bell. Float,' added he, as the two men were about to leave, ' don't you go in for a bout of drinking to-day. It would do your arm no good.' 'Thank ye, sir ; I'll take care to be mod' rate,' re plied Float, backing out. ' The Golden Shaft will have much of his company to-day, in spite of your warning, sir; and of Bell's too,' observed Frank as the surgery door closed on the men. ' How pray and queer Bell's face looks ! Did you notice it, Uncle Hugh r' ' Yes.' ' He looks just like a man who lias had a shock. The Seven Whistlers gave it him, I suppose. I could not have believed Bell was so silly.' ' I hope it is only the shock that has done it,' said the Doctor. ' Done what, Uncle Hugh ?' ' Turned his face that peculiar colour.' And Frank looked up to him as if scarcely understanding. But Dr. llaynor said no more. At that moment the door again opened, and a young lady glanced in. Seeing no stranger present, she came forward. T ' Papa ! do you know how late it is getting r Breakfast has been waiting ever so long.' The voice was very sweet and gentle : a patient kind of voice that somehow imparted the idea that its owner had known sorrow. Whe was the Doctor's onlv cliild : and to call her a young lady may be regarded as a figure of speech, for she was past thirty. A calm, sensible, gentle girl she had ever been, of great practical good sense. Her pale face was rather plain than handsome ; but it was a face pleasant to look upon, with its expression of sincere earnestness and its steadfast, truthful dark eyes. Her dark brown hair, smooth and bright, was simply braided in front and platted behind on the well-shaped head. She was of middle height, light and graceful ; and she wore this morning a violet merino dress, with embroidered cuffs and collar of her own work. Such was Edina Raynor. ' You may pour out the coffee, my dear,' 6aid her father. ' We are coming now.' Edina disappeared, and the Doctor followed her. Frank stayed a minute or two longer to make an end of his physic. He then turned down liis coat-cuffs, wliicli had been turned up, pulled liis wristbands lower, and also passed out of the surgery. The sun was shining into the passage through the open entrance door ; and Frank, as if he would sun himself for an instant in its beams, or else wishing to get a more comprehensive view of the street, and of the miners loitering about it, stepped outside. The men had collected chiefly in groups, and were talking idly, shoulders slouching, hands in pockets ; some were smoking. A little to the left, as Frank stood, on the other side the way, was that much-frequented hos telrie, the Golden Shaft : it was evidently the great point of attraction to-day. Mr. Blase Pellet chanced to be standing at liis shop door, rubbing his hands on his rather dirty white apron. He was an awkward-looking, undersized, un fortunately-plain man, with very red-brown eyes, and rough redclish hair that stood up in bristles. When he saw Frank, he backed into the shop, went behind the counter, and peeped out at him betw een two of the glass globes. ' I wonder what he's come out to look at now?' debated Mr. Blase with himself. ' She can't be in the street ! What a proud wretch lie looks this morn ing ! — with his sleek curls shining, and that ring upon his linger 'Twenty of them, at least, in front of it, ready to go in 1' mentally spoke JFrank, his eyes lixed on the miners, standing about the Golden Shaft. ' And some ot them will never come out all day.' A sudden cry arose, close to Frank. Some little child, in a nightcap and coloured pinafore, had over balanced itself and fallen in the road. Frank went to the rescue. ' Here we go up !' cried he, in his loving, cheery voice, as he raised the little one, gave it a kiss and a halfpenny, and sent it on it& way to Mrs. Stone's sweetstuff mart, rejoicing. That was Frank, llaynor all over: he had many faults, no doubt, but he wss full of loving-kindness to old and young, rich and poor.1 He vvent in to breakfast. The meal was laid in a small* baqk parlour, behind the best sitting-room, which was 'pn the opposite side of the passage to the surger y, ani faced the street. This small back room looked down on a square yard, and thence to the bare open country : to the mines and to the miners' dwelling- places. Theylay to the right as you looked out. To the left stretched out a bare tract of land, called the Bare Plain — perhaps from its dreary aspect — which we shall come to by-and-by. Edina sat at the breakfast-table, her back to the window ; Dr. Raynor was in the seat opposite to her. Frank took his usual place between them, facing the cheerful fire. 'If your coffee's cold, Frank, it is your own fault,' said Edina, handing him liis cup. ' I poured it out as soon as papa came in.' ' All- right, Edina ; it is sure to be warm enough for me,' was the answer, as he took it and thanked her. He was the least selfish, the least self-indulgent mortal in the world ; the most easily satisfied. Give Frank Ravnor the poorest of fare, and he would never have murmured. ' What a pity it is about the men !' exclaimed Edina to Frank ; for this report of the Seven Whistlers had become generally known, and the Doctor's maid-servant had imparted the news to Miss llaynor. ' They will make it an excuse for two or three days' drinking.' ' As a matter of course,' replied Frank. ' It seems altogether so ridiculous. I have been saying to papa that I thought Josiah Bell had better sense. He may have taken more than was good for him last night, and fancied he heard the sounds.' «« Oh, I think he heard them,' said the doctor. ' Bell rarely drinks enough to obscure his faculties. And he is certainly not fanciful.' 'But now, Uilele Hugh,' put in Frank, 'you cannot seriously think that there's anything in it !' ' Anything in what ? ' ' In this superstition. Of course one can readily understand that a flock of birds may fly over a place by night as well as by day, and that they may emit sounds and cries on the way. But that these cries should forbode evil to those' who may hear them is not to be comprehended, or believed.' Dr, Raynor nodded. He was languidly eating^ an egg. For some time past, his appetite had failed hun. ' I say, Uncle Hugh, that you cannot believe in such a farce. The incidents you gave just now were but accidental coincidences.' ' Frank,' returned the Doctor, in his quiet tone, that latterly had seemed to tell of pain, 'I have already 6aid so. . But when you shall have lived to my age, experience will have taught you that there are some things in this world that cannot be fathomed. We must be content to leave them. I told you that I did not myself put fath in this popular belief of the miners ; but I related to you at the same time my own experiences in regard to it. I don't judge : but I cannot explain.' Frank turned a laughing look upon his cousin. ' Suppose we go out on the Bare Plain to-night, and listen for the Seven Whistlers ourselves ; you and I, Edina?' ' A watched pot never boils,' said Edina, quaintly, quoting a homely proverb. ' The Whistlers would be sure not to come, Frank, if we listened for them.' Chapter II. — Rosaline Bell. Frank Raynor had been a qualified medical man for some few years : he was skilful, kind, attentive, and possessed in an eminent degree that cheering manner which is so valuable in a general practitioner. Con sequently he was much liked by the Doctor's patients, especially by those of the better class, living at a dis tance ; so that Dr. Raynor had no scruple in fre quently making Frank liis substitute in the daily visits. Frank alone suspected — and it was only a half suspicion as yet — tliat his uncle was beginning to feel himself unequal to the exertion of paying them. It was getting towards midday, and Frank had seen all the sick at present on their hands near home, when he started on his walk to see one or two further off — calling at home fust of all, however, to give Dr. Raynor a report of his visits, and to change liis gray coat for a black one. Every inch of a gentleman looked Frank, as he left the house again, turned to the right, and went down the street with long strides. He was followed by the envious eyes of Mr. Blase Pellet, who, in the very midst of weighing out some pounded ginger for a customer, darted round the counter to watch him. ' He is off there, for a guinea !' growled Mr. Pel let, as he lost sight of Frank and turned back to the ginger. ' What possesses Mother Bell, I wonder, to go and fancy herself ill and in need of a doctor I' The houses and the church, which stood at the end of Trennach. were soon left behind ; and Frank Ray nor was on the large tract of land which was called the Bare Plain. The first break he came to in its monoton ous bleakness was a worked -out pit, or mine, on the left hand. This old pit was encompassed about by mounds of earth of different heights, where children would play at hide-and-seek during the davlight ; but not 'one of them ever approached close to the mouth of the shaft: Not only was it dangerous in itself, being entirely unprotected— and children, as a rule, are given to run into danger rather than to avoid it — but the place had an evil reputation. Some few years back, a miner had com mitted suicide there : one Daniel Sandon had deli berately jumped in to destroy himself. Since then, the miners and their families, who were for the most part very superstitious and very ignorant, held a belief that the man's ghost haunted the interior of the pit— that, on a still night, anyone listening down the shaft might hear his sighs and groans. This caused it to be shunned: hardly a miner would ven ture close to it alone after dark. There was nothing to take them near it, for it lay some little distance away from the broad path that led through the middle of the plain. The depth of the pit had given rise to its appellation — ' The Bottom less Sliaft :' and poor Daniel Sandon must have died before he reached the end. For anyone falling into it there could be no hope : esca2-e from death would have been an impossibility. Frank Raynor passed it without so much as a thought. Continuing his way, he came by-and-by to a cluster of miners' dwellings tliat lay away on the plain to the right. Not many : the miners chiefly lived on the other side of the village near the mines. Out of one of the most commodious of these houses there chanced to come a girl, just as he was approach ing it ; and they met face to face. It was Rosaline Bell. Never a more beautiful girl in the world than she. Two-and-twenty years of age now, rather tall, with a light and graceful form, as easy in her movements, as refined in her actions, as though she had been born a gentlewoman, with a sweet, low voice and a face of delicate loveliness. Her features were of almost a perfect Grecian type; her delicate complexion was fresh as a summer rose, and her deep violet eyes sparkled through their long dark eyelashes— eyes that, in spite of their brightness, had an expression of fixed sadness in them : and that sad expression of eye is said, you know, never to exist but where its owner is destined to sorrow. Poor Rosaline ! Sor row was on its way to her quickly, even now. Her dress was of some dark kind of stuff, neatly made and worn ; her bonnet was of white straw ; the pink bow at her throat rivalled in colour the rose of her cheek. Far deeper in hue did those cheeks become as she recognized Frank Raynor. With a hasty movement, as if all too conscious of her blushes and what they might imply,* she raised her hand to cover them, malting pretence to push gently back her dark, beautiful hair. Nature had indeed been prodigal in her gifts to Rosaline Bell. She had been brought up well, had received a fairly good education, and profited by it. ' ' How do you do, Rosaline?' cried Frank, in his gay voice, stopping before her. 'Where are you going?' She let her lifted hand fall. The rich bloom on her face, the shy, answering glance of her lustrous eyes, were beautiful to beholcl. Frank Raynor ad mired beauty whenever he saw it, and he very espe cially admired that of Rosaline. 'I am going in to find my father; to induce him to come ba£k with me,' she said. 'My mother is anxious about him : and anxiety is not good for her, you know, Mr. Frank.' ' Anxiety is very bad for her,' returned Frank. 'Is she worse to-day?' ' Not worse, sir ; only worried. Father heard the Seven Whistlers last night, and that disturbs her.' Frank? Raynor broke into a laugh. ' It amuses me beyond everything, Rose— those Whistlers. I never heard of them in all my life until this morning.' Rosaline smiled in answer — a sad smile. ' Father believes in them firmly,' she said ; ' and mother is anxious because he is. I must go oil now, sir, or I shall not get back by dinner-time. ' Taking one of her hands, he waved' it towards the village, as if he would speed her onwards, said his gay good-bye, and lifted' the latch of the house door. The door opened to the kitchen ; a clean and, so to say, rather tasty apartment, with a red-tiled floor on which the fire threw its glow, and a strip of carpet by way of hearth-rug. A mahogany dresser was fixed to the wall on one side, plates and dishes of the old willow pattern were ranged on its shelves ; an eight day clock hi its mahogany case ticked beside the lire place, which faced the door. The window was gay with flowers. Blooming hyacinths in their blue glasses stood on its frame half-way up ; on the ledge beneath were red pots containing other plants. It was easy to be seen that this was not the abode of a common miner. ._ Seated in an arm-chair near the round table, which was covered with a red-and-gray cloth, her feet on the strip of carpet, her back to the window, was Mrs. Bell, who had latterly become an invalid. She was rubbing some dried mint into powder. By tliis, and the savoury smell, Frank Raynor guessed they were going to have pea-soup for dinner. But all the signs of dinner to be seen were three plates warming on the fender, and an iron pot steaming away by the side of the fire. ' And now, mother, how are yeu to-day r asked Frank, in hi warm-hearted and genuine tone of sympathy, that so won his patients' regard. He drew a chair towards her and sat down as he spoke. The word 'mother' came from him naturally. Two years before, just after Frank came to Trennach, he was taken ill with a fever ; and Mrs. Bell helped Edina to nurse him through it. He took a great liking to the quaint, well-meaning, and rather superior woman, who was so deft with her fingers and ready with her tongue ; he would often then) partly in jest, call her ' mother he called her 6o still. Mrs. Bell was seven-and-forty now, and very stout; her short gray curls lay flat under her mob cap ; her bright complexion must once have been as delicately beautiful as her daughter's. She put the basin of mint on the table, and smoothed down her clean white apron. 'I'm no great things to-day, Master Frank. Sometimes, now, sir, I get to think that I never shali be again.' ' Just as I thought in that fever of mine,' said Frank, purposely making light of her words. 'Why, my good, woman, by this day twelvemonth you'll be as strong and well as I am. Only take heart and patience. Yours is a case, you know, that cannot be dealt with in a day ; it requires time.' Lito the further conversation we need not enter. It related to her ailments. Not a word was said bv either of them about that disturbing element, the Seven Whistlers ; and Frank went out again, wishing her a good appetite for the pea-soup. ' Putting liis best foot foremost, he sped along, fleet as the wind. The iiare Plain gave place to pasture land, trees, and flowers. A quarter of an hour brought him to the Mount — a moderate-sized man sion, standing hi the midst of its own grounds, the residence of the St. Clares. By the sudden death of the late owner, who had not reached the meridian of life, it had fallen most unexpectedly to a distant cousin : a young lieutenant serving with liis regiment in India. In his absence, his mother had given up her house at Bath, and taken possession of it ; she and her two daughters. They had come quite strangers to the place about two months ago. Mrs. St. Clare — it should be mentioned that they chose their name to be pronounced according to its full spelling, Saint Clare — had four children. The eldest, Charlotte, was with her husband, Captain Townley, in India ; Lvdia ?was the second ; the lieutenant and present owner of the Mount came next ; and lastly Margaret, who was several years younger than the rest, and indulged accordingly. ' Mrs. St. Clare was extremely fond of society ; and considered that at this place, tlie Mount, she was no better than buried alive. The great entrance gates stood on tlie opposite side; Frank Raynor never went rouiid to them, unless he was on horseback : when on foot he entered, as now,, by the little postern gate that was nearly hidden by clustering shrubs. A minute's walk through the narrow path between these shrubs, and he was met by Margaret St. Clare ; or, as they generally called her at home, Daisy. It very frequently happened that she did meet him : and, in truth, the meetings were becoming rather precious to both of them, very especially so to her. During these two months' resi dence of tlie St. Clares at the Mount, Mr. Raynor and Margaret had seen a great deal of each other. Lvdia was an invalid — or fancied herself one — and the llaynors had been in attendance from tlie first, paying a visit about every other day. The Doctor went himself now and then, but it was generally Frank. And Mys. St. Clare was quite contented that it should be Frank. In this dead-alive spot, Frank Raynor, with his good looks, his sunny presence, his attractive manners, seemed like a godsend. She chanced to know that he was a gentleman by descent, and had met members of his family before : Major Raynor, and old Mrs. Atkinson of Eagles' Nest. She did not know much about them, and in her proud heart she secretly looked down upon Frank : as she would have looked upon any other general practitioner in the medical profession. But she liked Frank him self, and she greatly lilted his society, and asked Mm to dinner pretty often, en famille. The few visit able people who lived within reach did not con stitute a large party ; but Mrs. St. Clare got them together occasionally, and made the best of them. Margaret St. Clare would be nineteen years old to morrow. A slight-made, light, pretty girl, putting one somehow in mind of a fairy. Her small feet seemed scarcely to touch the ground as she walked* her small arms and hands, her delicate throat and neck, were all perfectly formed. The face was a fair, piquante face, quiet and rather grave when in repose. . Her eyes were of that remarkable shade that some people call light hazel and others amber: and in truth they did on occasion look as clear and bright as amber. She was fond of dress. Mrs. St. Clare's daughters were all fond of it. Margaret's this morning was some fine texture of light blue, that fell in soft folds around her, white lace on the sleeves and round the throat. A thin gold chain, Holding a locket, was on her neck. Her hat, its blue ribbons streaming, hung on her arm ; her light brown hah was somewhat rufiled by the breeze. As she came forward to meet Frank, her whole face was lighted up with smiles of pleasure ; its blushes were nearly as deep as those that had lighted Rosa line Bell's not hall' an hour before. Frank took both her hands within his in silence.. TTis heart was beating at sight of her ; and silence hi these brief moments is the best eloquence. Rapidly indeed was he arriving at that blissful state, described by Lord Byron in a word or two, ' For hunthere was. but one beloved face on earth.' Ay, and arriving also, was he, at its consciousness. Even now it was ' shining on him.' She was the first to break the silence. ' You are late, Mr. llaynor. Lvdia has been all impatience.' ' I am a little late, Miss Margaret. There is always plenty to do on a Monday morning.' Lydia St. Clare might lie impatient, but neither of them seemed impatient to hurry in to her. The win dows of the house could 'not be seen from hence ; clustering evergreens grew high and. thick between, a very wilderness. Li fact, the grounds generally were little better than a wilderness ; the late owner was an absentee, and the place had been neglected. But it seemed beautiful as an Eden to these two, strolling along side by side, and lingering here, lingering there, on this bright day. The blue sky was ahnost cloudless ; the sun gilded the budding trees ; the birds sang as they hopped from branch to branch, building their nests ; early flowers were coming up ; all things spoke of the sweet spring time — the sweet spring time that is re newed year by year in nature when bleak whiter dies ; but which comes to the heart but once. It was reigning in the hearts of those two happy strollers ; and it was in its very earliest dawn, when it is freshest and sweetest. 'Oh, see,' said Margaret, stooping, 'a beautiful double daisy, pink fringed ! It lias only come out to-day. Is it not veiy early for them He took the little flower from her unresisting hand as she held it out to him. ' Will you give it me, Daisy?' he asked, in a low, tender tone, his eyes meeting hers with a meaning. Her eyes fell beneath his, her fingers trembled as she resigned the blossom. He had never called her by that pet name before : only once or twice had he said Margaret without the formal prefix. ' It is not 'worth your having — worth anyone's ' having,' she stammered. ' It is only a daisy.' ' Only a daisy ! It shall be my favourite flower of . all flowers from heneeforth.' »» Indeed I think you must go in to Lydia.' ?' I am going in. There's a sweep of wind ! You will catch cold without your hat.' «' I never catch eold, Mr. Kaynor. I never have . anrthing the matter with me.' « Could you give me a pin r' «« A pin ! Yes '—taking it out of her waistband. \- ' Here's one. 'What is it for r' He put the daisy into his button-hole, so that its piuk-and- white head just peeped out, and fastened it with the pin. Margaret protested hotly. ' Oh, don't; please don't! Mamma will laugh at vou, Mr. Raynor. Such a stupid little flower !' ' Not stupid to me,' he answered. 'As te laugh ing, Mrs. St. Clare can laugh at it as much as she pleases : and at me too.' The house was gained at last. Crossing the flagged entrance hall, they entered a very pretty light mora . ing-room, its curtains and furniture of a pale green, bordered with gold. Mrs. St. Clare, a large, fair woman with a Roman nose, lay back in an easy-chair, a beautifully worked screen, attached to the white marble mantleyiece, shading her face from the lire. Iler gown was black and white : gray and black rib bons composed her head-dress. She looked half dead with ennui ; those large women are often incorrigibly idle and listless ; she never took up a needle, she never cared to turn the pages of a book. She was indolent by nature, and she had grown entirely so during her life in India before the death of her hus band, Colonel St. Clare. But her face lighted up to something like animation ?when Mr. Raynor entered and went forward. Mar garet fell into the background. After shaking hands ?with Mrs. tit. Clare, he turned to tlie opposite side of the fireplace, where, in another easy-chair, en veloped in a pink morning- wrapper, sat tlie invalid, Lydia. She was a tall, fair, Roman-nosed young woman, too, promising to be in time as large as her mother. As idle she was already. Dr. Raynor said all she /wanted was to exert herself: to walk and run, and take an interest in the bustling concerns of daily life as other girls did ; she need talk no more of nervous ness and chest- ache then. Prank felt her pulse, and looked at her tongue, and -inquired how she had slept ; with all the rest of the usual questioning routine. Lydia answered fretfully, t and began complaining of the dulness of her life. It ?was this wretched Cornish mining country that was making her worse ; she felt sure of it. ' And that silly child, Daisy, declared this morning that it was the sweetest place she was ever in !' added Miss St. Clare, in withering contempt, meant for Daisy. ' She said 6he should like existence, as ?it is just at present, to last for ever I' Frank Raynor caught a glimpse of a painfully blushing face in the distance, and something like a smile crossed his own. He took a small phial, con taining a tonic, from his poGket, whiehhe had brought with him, and handed it to the invalid. ' You will drive out to-day as usual, of course, Miss St. Clare ?' said he. ' Oh, I suppose so,' was the careless answer. ' I \- don't know how we should get over the hoursbetween luncheon and dinner without the drive. Not that I care for it.' ' Talking of dinner,' interposed Mrs. St. Clare, ' I want you to dine with us to-day, Mr. Raynor. Is that a daisy in your coat ? What an absurd orna ment r' ' Yes, it is a daisy,' replied Frank, looking down on it. ' Thank you. very much for your invitation. I will come if I can.' ' I cannot allow you to say If.' Frank smiled, and gave a twist to the lavender glove in his hand. He iiked to be a bit of a dandy when he called at the Mount. As to dining there — in truth he desired nothing better. But he was never quite sure of what he could do until the hour came, ' A doctor's time is not his own, you know, Mrs. St. Clare.' ' You must really give yours to ujs this evening. Our dinners are insufferably dull when we sit down alone.' So Frank Raynor gave the promise — and he meant to keep it if possible. Ah, that he had not kept it ! that he had stayed at home ! But for that unfor tunate evening's visit to the Mount and its conse quences, a great deal of tliis history would not have been written. The day went on. Nothing occurred $o prevent Frank's fulfilling his engagement. The dinner hour at the Mount was 7 o'clock. It was growing dusk ?when Frank, a light coat thrown over his evening dress, started for his sharp walk to it, but not dark enough to obscure objects. Frank meant to get over the ground in twenty minutes : . and, really, his long legs and active frame were capable of any feat in the matter of speed. That would give him ten minutes before dinner for a chat with Daisy ; Mrs. and_ Miss St. Clare rarely entered the drawing-room until the last moment. ' Going off to dine again with that proud lot at the Mount!' enviously remarked Mr. Pellet, as he noted Frank's attire from his usual post of observation, the threshold of his shop door. ' It' line to be him !' 'Blase,' called out his master from within, where have you put that new lot of camomile blows ? ' Mr. Blase was turning leisurely to respond, when his quick red-brown eyes caught sight of something ?exceedingly disagreeable to him : a meeting between Frank and Rosaline Bell. She had come into the village apparently from home ; and she and Frank ?were now halting to talk together. Mr. Blase was splitting with wrath and envy. He would have given his ears to hear what they ?were saying. Frank, was laughing and chattering in that usual gay manner of his that most people found so attractive ; ^he was listening, her pretty lips parted with a smile. Even at this distance, and in spite of the fading light, Mr. Blase could see her shy, half-conscious look, and the rose-blush on her checks. And Frank stayed there, talking and laughing with her as though time and the Mount were nothing to him. He thought no harm, he meant no wrong. Frank Raynor never meant harm to living mortal. If he had but been as cautious as well-intentioned ! ' Blase !' reiterated old Edmund Float, ' I want to find they new camomile blows, just come in. Don't you hear nje ? What have you done with them r' Sir. lilase was utterly impervious to the words. They had parted now : Frank was swinging on again ; Rosaline was coming this way. Blase went strolling across the street to meet her: but she, as if purposely to avoid him, suddenly turned down an opening between the houses, and was lost to sight, and to Blase Pellet. ' I wonder if she cut down there to avoid me ?' 'thought he, standing still, hi mortification. And there was a very angry look on his face as he crossed 'back again from his fruitless errand. Daisy was not alone in the drawing-room this evening. Whether Frank's gossip with Rosaline had been too long, or whether he had not put on as much speed in walking as usual, it was just a minute past ' 'J when he reached the Mount. All the ladies were assembled : Lydia and Daisy in blue silk ; Mrs. St. [ Clare in black satin. Tlieir kinsman had been dead six months, and the young ladies had just put off | mourning for him; but Mrs. St. Clare wore hers still. I Daisy looked radiant ; at any rate, in Frank's j eyes : a very fairy. The white lace on her low body and sleeves was hardly whiter than her fair neck and arms ; one white rose nestled in her hair. ' Dinner is served, madam.' Frank offered his arm to Mrs. St. Clare : the two young ladies followed. It was a large and very hand some dining-room ; the table, with its white cloth, and its glass and silver glittering under the waxlights, looked almost lost in it. Lydia faced her mother ; Frank and Daisy were opposite each other. He looked well in evening dress ; worthy to be a prince, thought Daisy. The conversation turned mostly on the festivities of the following evening. Mrs. St. Clare was to give a dance in honour of her youngest daughter's birth day. It would not be a large party at the best ; the neighbourhood did not afford that'; but some guests from a distance were to 6leep in the house, and re main for a day or two. ' Will you give me the first dance, Daisy ?' Frank seized an opportunity of whispering to her, as they were all returning to the drawing-room together. Daisy shook her head, and blushed again. Blushed at the familiar word 'Daisy,' which he had not presumed to use until that day. But it had never sounded so sweet to her from other lips. ' I may not,' she answered. ' Mamma has decided that my first dance must he with some old guy of a Cornish baronet — Sir Paul Trellasis. — Oh, going, do you say! Why: It is not yet 9 o'clock.' 'lam obliged to go,' he 'answered: 'I promised Dr. Raynor. I have to see a country patient for him to-night.' Making his apologies to Mrs. St. Clare for his early departure, and stating liis reason, Frank left tlie house. It was a cold and very light night : the skies clear, the moon intensely bright. Frank went on with liis best step. About half-way across the Bare Plain he met Rosaline Bell. The church clock was 6 1 liking 9. I ' Why, Rose ! Have you been all tliis time at Granny Sandon'6 r' ' Yes ; all the time,' she answered. ' I stayed to help her into bed. Poor granny's rheumatism is very bad : she can scarcely do anything for herself.' ' Is her rheumatism, bad again ? I must call and see her. A cold night, is it not ?' ' I am nearly perished,' she said. ' I forgot to take a shawl with me.' But Rosaline did not look perished. The meeting had called up warmth and colouring to her face, so inexpressibly beautiful in the full, bright moonbeams. A beaut j- that might have stirred a heart less suscep tible than was Frank's. ' Perished, are you 2' he cried. 'Let us take a J dance together, Rose.' And, seizing her by the two hands, he danced about with her on the path, in very | lightness of spirit. j ?' Oh, Mr. Raynor, pray don't! I mu6t be going | home, indeed, sir. Mother will think I'm lost.' ' There ! Are you warm now ? I must go, also. I Just a good-night kiss, Rose.' And before 6lie could resist — if, indeed, she had meant to resist — Frank Raynor snatched a kiss from the lovely face, released her hands, and went swiftly awav over tlie Bare Plain. I There was not much harm in this: and most assuredly Frank intended none. .That has been ! already said. He was apt to act without thought ; to do mad things upon impulse. He admired Rosaline's beauty amazingly, and he liked to talk and laugh with her. He might not have chosen to steal a kiss from her in the face and eyes of Trennach ; but what harm could there be when they were alone in the moonlight ? And if the moon had been the sole spectator, no harm would have come of it. Unfortunately, a pair of human eyes had been looking on as well — Mr. Blase Pellet's. After shutting up the shop that night, ill luck had put it into Mr. Pellet's head to I take a walk over to Mrs. Bell's. He went in the hope of seeing Rosaline; in which he was dis ! appointed ; and was now on his way home again. Rosaline stood gazing after Frank Raynor, No one but herself knew how dear he was to her ; no one i ever would. The momentary kiss seemed still to tremble on her lips ; her heart beat wildly. 'Wrapt in this ecstatic confusion, it was not to be wondered at that she neither saw nor heard the advance of Mr. Pellet ; or that Frank, absorbed in her and in the dance, had previously been equally unobservant. With a sigh, Rosaline at length turned, and found herself face to face with the intruder. He had halted close to her, and was standing quite still. ???Blase!' she exclaimed, with a faint scream. ' How you startled me !' ' Where have you been ?' asked Blase, in a sullen tone. ' Your mother says you've been out for I don't know how many hours.' 'I've been nowhere but to Granny Sandon's. Good-night to you, Blase; it is late.' 'A little too'late for honest girls,' returned Blase, putting himself in her way. ' Have you been stop ping out with Mm ?' pointing to the fast-disappearing figure of Frank Raynor. ' I met Mr. Raynor here, where we are standing ; and was talking with him for about a minute.' ' It seems to me you are always meeting him,' growled Blase, suppressing mention of the dance he had seen, and the kiss that succeeded it. ' Do you want to quarrel with me, Blase ? It seems so by your tone.' ' You met him at dusk this evening as you were going to old Sandon's - if you were going there ; aud you meet him now in returning,' continued Blase. ' It's done on purpose.' ' If I did meet him each time, it was by accident. Do you suppose I put myself in the way of meeting Mr. Raynor ?' ' Yes, I do. Come ! ' j 'You shall not say these things to me, Blase, j Just because you cliance to be a fifteenth cousin \ of mother's, you think that gives you a right to lec- ! ture me.' j ' You are always out and about somewhere,' con- i tended Blase. ' What on earth d'ye want at that old Sandon's for ever r ' i ' She is so sad and lonely, Blase,' was the pleading answer, given in a sweet tone of pity. ' Think of her sorrow! Poor Granny Sandon ! ' ' What do you call her ' Granny ' for ? ' demanded Blase, who was in a fault-finding mood. ' She's no granny of yours, Rosaline.' Rosaline laughed slightly. ' Indeed, I don't know why we call her 'Granny,' Blase. Everybody does. — Let me pass.' ' Everybody doesn't. No : you are not going to pass yet.' I intend to have it out with you about the way you favour that fool, Raynor. Meeting him at all hours of the day aud night !' Rosaline's anger was aroused. In her heart she disliked Blase Pellet. He had given her trouble for some time past in trying to force his attentions upon her. It seemed to her that half the work of her life consisted in devising contrivances to repress him. ' How dare you speak to me in this manner, Blase Pellet ? You have no right to do it,~and you never will have.' ' You'd rather listen to the false palaver of that stuck-up gentleman, Raynor, than you would to the words of an honest man like me.' ' Blase Pellet, $iear me once for all,' vehemently retorted the girl. ' Whatever Mr. Raynor may say to me, it is nothing to you ; it never will be anything to you. If you speak in this way of him again, I shall tell him of it,' She eluded the outstretched arm, and ran swiftly home. Blase Pellet, standing to watch, saw the light within as she opened the door and entered. '/« it nothing to me !' he repeated, in a chapfallen tone. ' You'll find that out before we are a day older, Miss Rosaline. I'll 6top your fun with that proud fellow, Raynor.' Chapter IH.— On the Bake Plain. ?' In vain I look from heipht and tower, No wished-for form I see ; In vain 1 seek the woodbine bower — He comes no more to me.' | So sang Rosaline Bell in the beams of the morning sun. They came glinting tlirouph the hyacinths in the window, and fell on the cups and saucers. Rosa line stood at the kitchen table, washing up the breakfast things. She wore a light print gown, with a white linen collar fastened by a small silver ! brooch. j An expression of intense happiness sat on her i beautiful face. Tliis old song, that she was singing j to herself in a low undertone, was one that her j mother used to sing to her when she was a cliild. j The words came from the girl half unconsciously ; for, while she 6ang, she was living over again in thought the past night s meeting with Frank Raynor on the Bare Plain. 'Rosie!' The fond name, called out in ber mother's voice, interrupted her. Putting down the saucer, then being dried, she advanced to the staircase door, which opened from the kitchen, and stood there, teacloth in hand. 'Yes, mother? Did you want me?' ' Has your father gone out, Rose?' 'Yes. He said he should not be long.' ' Oh, no, I dare say not !' crossly responded Mrs. Bell ; her tone plainly implying that she put no faith whatever in any such promise. ' They'll make a day of it again, as they did yesterday. Bring mc up a drop o' warm water in half an hour, or so, Rose, and I'll get up.' ' Very well, mother.' Rose returned to her teacups, and resumed her song; resumed it in very gladness of heart. Ah, could she but have known what this day was destined to bring forth for her before it should finally close, I she had sunk down in all the blankness of despair ! But there was no foreshadowing of it on her spirit. ' Twas at the dawn of a summer morn My false love hied away ; O'er' his shoulder hung the hunter's bora, , And his looks were blithe and gay. *' ' Kre the evening dew-drops fall, my love,' He thus to me did say, ? I'll be at the garden (fate, my love * — i And gaily he rode away.' | Another interruption. Somebody tried the door — of which llosaline had a habit of slipping the bolt— ! and then knocked sharply. Rosaline opened it. A j rough-looking woman, miserably attired, stood there : , an inhabitant of one of the poorest of the dwellings in ! this quarter. j ' I wants to know,' cried this woman, in a voice as j rough as her words, and with a pronunciation that needs translation for the uninitiated reader, ' whether they men be at work to-day r' ' I think not,' replied Rosaline. ' There'6 that man o' mine gone off again to the Golden Shaft, and he'll make liisself bad, as hei did j'esterday 1 What the plague does your father go and fill they up with lies about the Whistlers for ? Now then ! that's what I'd like to know. If Bell had heered they Whistlers, others 'ud heered they.' 