TALES. E D I N A . Bt Mhs. HENRY 'WOOD, Author or 'East Ltxne.' [The riglit of publication in Australia has boon purchased by ] the proprietors of the Sydney J fail.] Chapter IV. — Idle Days. 'I can't tell you anything at all about it, Mrs. Janes,' returned Rosaline, civilly but very distantly ; for she knew this class of people to be immeasurably her inferiors, and held them at arms' length. ' You can ask my father about it yourself: he'll be here by and by. I can't let you in now ; mother's just as poorly as ever to-day, and she cannot bear a noise.' Closmtr the door as she stioke. and slirminp- the bolt of it, lest rude Molly Janes should choose to en ter by force, Rosaline took up her song again. ' I watched from the topmost, topmost height, Till the sun's bright beams were o'er, And the pale moon shed her vestal light — But my lover returned no more.' 'Whether the men were still incited by a dread of the supposed ill-luck that the Seven Whistlers had I ?warned them of, and were really afraid to descend into the mines, or whether they only seized on that pretext to make a second day's holiday, certain it was, ^that not a single man of them had gone to work. Ross, the overseer, reiterated his threats of condign punishment again and again ; and reiterated in vain. Mr. John Float, at the Golden Shaft, was doing a great stroke of business these idle days. As many men as could find a seat in his hospitable house took .possession of it. Amongst them was Josiah Bell. Few persons had ever seen Bell absolutely intoxi cated ; but he occasionally took enough to render him more sullen than usual ; and at such times he was sure to be quarrelsome. * Turning out of the Golden Shaft on this second 'day between 12 and 1 o'clock, Bell went along the -street towards his home, together with some more men ?who lived in that direction. Dr. Raynor chanced to be standing on the pavement outside his house, and ?accosted Bell. The other men walked on. ' Not at work yet, Bell ?' ''Not at work yet,' responded Bell, echoing ihe words as doggedly as he dared, and standing still to face the Doctor while he said it. 'How Ion g do you mean to let this fancy about the Seven Whistlers hinder you ? 'Wlien is it to end:' Bell's eyes went out straight before him with a speculative look, as if trying to foresee what and where the end would be, and his tone and maimer j lost their fierceness. This fancy in regard to the Seven Whistlers — as the Doctor styled it — liad evidently taken a serious, nay, a solemn hold upon him. Whether the other men anticipated ill- fortune from it, or no, it was most indisputable that Bell did. ' I don't know, sir,' he said, quite humbly. ' I should like to see the end.' 'Are you feeling well, Bell?' continued Dr. Raynor, in a tone of sympathy — for the strange, gray pallor was on the man's face still. ' I'm well enough, Doctor. Why shouldn't I be:' ' You don't look well.' Bell shifted his stout stick from one hand to the other. ' The Whistlers gave me a turn, I suppose,' he said. ' Nonsense, man! You should not be so supersti tious.' ' Look here, Dr. Raynor,' was the reply — and the tone was lowered to something that sounded very like fear. ' You know of that bad hurt I got in the pit in Staffordshire — which lamed me for good r Well, the night previous to it I heard the Seven Whistlers. They warned me of ill- luck then ; and now they've warned me again, and I know it will come. I'll not go down the mine till three days have passed. The other men may do as they like.' He walked on with the last words! Mr. Blase Pellet, who had been looking on at the passing inter view from over the way, gazed idly after Bell until he had turned the corner and was out of sight. All in a moment, as though some recollection came suddenly to him, Blase tore eff his white apron, darted in for his hat, and ran after Bell, coming up with him just beyond the parsonage. * j What Mr. Blase Pellet communicated to him, to ] put Bell's temper up as it did, was best known to himself. If the young man had any conscience, one would think that a weight of remorse, fbr what that communication led to, must lie on it to his dying day. He was telling tales of Rosaline and Frank Raynor, representing the latter gentleman and matters in general in a very unfavourable light indeed. I 'If lie dares to molest her again, I'll knock his head oif,'' threatened Bell to himself and the Bare ; Plain, as he parted with Pellet, and made his way* j across it, muttering and brandishing his stick. The i other men had disappeared, each within his home. I Bell was about to enter his, when Mrs. Molly Janes j came out of her one room, her hair hanging, her ; gown in tatters, her voice shrill. She placed herself before Bell. ' I've been asking about my man. They tells me he is in a-drinking at the Golden Shaft. I'll twist his ears for him when he comes out on't ! And now I'm a-going to have it out with you about they Whistlers ! i What the ? ' j Mrs. Janes's eloquence was summarily cut short, t With a sharpish push of the hand, Josiah Bell thrust ?, her out of his way, strode on to his own door, and j shut it against her. j Rosaline was alone, laying the cloth for dinner* S Bell, excited by drink, abused his daughter rou;idly- j accusing her of ' lightness ' and all kinds of unor thodox things. Rosaliae stared at him in simple astonishment. j ' Why, father, what can you be thinking of?' she exelaimed. ' 'Who has been putting this into your head r' '?Blase Pellet,' said he, 'And I'd a mind to knock him down for his pains — whether it s true, or whether it's not.' ' True ! — that I could be guilty of light conduct !' returned Rosaline. ' Father, I thought you knew me better. As to Mr. Raynor, I don't believe he is capable of an unworthy thought. He would rather do good in the world than evil.' And her tone was so truthful, her demeanour so consciously dignified, that Bell felt his ill thoughts melt away as if by magic ; and he wished he had knocked Mr. Pellett down. The day went on to evening, and tea was being par taken of at Dr. Raynor's. Five o'clock was the usual hour for the meal, and it was now nearly 7 ; but the Doctor had been some miles into the country to see a wealthy patient, and Edina waited for him. They sat round the table in tlie best parlour — the one whose bow-window looked on to the street. Its warm curtains were drawn before the window now, behind the small table that held the beautiful stand of white ccral, brought some years ago by Major ' . Raynor ; the fire burned brightly ; two candles stood. near the tea-tray. Behind the Doctor, who sat facing the window, wus a handsome cabinet, a few choice books on its shelves. Frank, reading a newspaper . . , and sipping his tea, sat between his uncle and Edina. ' ' This was the night of the ball at the Mount. Edina was going to it. A most unusual dissipation, for her; one she was entirely unaccustomed to, Trennach afforded no opportunity for this kind o£ . visiting, and it would have been all the same to Miss Raynor though it had. As she truly said, she had not been at a dance for years and years. Frank was making merry over it, asking her whether she could, remember her ' dancing-steps.' ' I am so sorry you promised forme, papa,' she suddenly said. 'I have been regretting it ever since.' ' Why, Edina r' ' It is not in my way, you know, papa. And I have had the trouble of altering a dress. ' Mrs. St. Clare was good enough to press for your company, Edina — she candidly told me she had not enough ladies — and I did not like to refuse. She wanted me to go,' added Dr. Raynor with a broad smile. ' I'm sure, papa, you. would be as much of aa. ornament as I shall be — and would be fer more wel come,' said Edina. 'Ornament? Oh, I leave that to Frank.' ' I daresay you could dance even now, as wdl as I can, papa.' Something like a spasm crossed his face. He dance now ! Edina little thought how near — if matters in. regard to himself were as he suspected — how very near he was to the end of all things. ' You look tired, papa,' she said. ' I am tired, child. That horse of mine does not seem to carrv me as easily as he did. Or perhaps it is I who feel his action more.' Dr. Raynor suppressed a sigh, and quitted the room. Frank rose, put his elbow on the mantlepiece, and glanced at his good-looking face in the glass. ' What time do you mean to start, Edina ?' ' At half-past 8. I don't mean to go in later thm 9\. It is a shame to invite people at so late an hour!' ' It is late for Trennach,' acknowledged Frank. 'Mrs. St. Clare has brought her fashionable hours with her.' At tlxat moment the entrance-door was pushed ?violently open, and an applicant clattered in, in a des perate hurry. Frank went out to see. Mrs. Molly Janes ?was lying at her home, half lulled, in immediate need of the services of either Dr. or Mr. Raynor. Mr. Janes had just staggered liome frem his day's enjoyment at the Golden Shaft : his wife was unwise enough to attack him in that state; lie had retaliated and nearly ' done ' for her. Such ?was the substance of the report brought by the mes senger— a panting lad with wild eyes. ' You have to go', Frank,' Baid the Doctor. ' I aim sorry for it, but I am really not able to walk there to-night.' ' Of course I will go, sir,' replied Frank, in his cheery Mid ready way. ' I shall be back long before Edina wants me. 'What are Molly Janes* s chief in juries ?** he asked, turning to the boy. 'He've stamped on her like a fiend, master,' answered the alarmed lad. 'He've broke all her bones, he have.' A bad account. Frank prepared to start -without delay. lie had left his hat in the parlour ; and while getting it he said a hasty word to Edina — he had to go off to the cottages on the Bare Plain. Edina caught up the idea that it was Mrs. Bell who needed liim : she knew of no other patient in that quarter. ' Come back as quickly as you can, Frank,' she* eaid. ' You have to dress, you know. Don't stay chattering with Rosaline.' ' With Rosaline !' he exclaimed, in surprise. 41 Oh, I see. It is not Mrs. Bell who wants me, Edina ; it is Molly Janes. She and her husband have been at issue again.' With a gay laugh at Edina's advice touching Rosa line, and at the rather serious and certainly meaning tone she gave it in, Frank hastened away. ' The fact was, some odds and ends of joking had been heard in the village lately, coupling Frank's name with the girl's, and they had reached the ears of Edina. She intended to talk warningly to Frank about it on the first opportunity. 'When about iialf-way across the Bare Plain, Frank saw some man before him, in the bright moonlight, who was not over steady on his legs. The lad had gone rushing forward, thinking to come in for the tail of the light, should it, haply, be still going on. 'What, is it you, Bell!' exclaimed Frank, re cognizing the man as he overtook and passed him. J' You've had nearly as much as you can carry, have you not ? ' he added, in light good nature. Bell, it was, staggering home from the Golden Shaft. A very early hour, indeed, considering the state he was in, for him to quit the seductions of that hostelrie. He had been unwise enough to go back to it after his dinner, and there he had sat till now. JIad lie kept sober, the matter whispered to him by Blase Pellet would not have returned to rankle in his m bid ; as it was, it began to do so ominously. With every cup he took, the matter grew in his imagina tion,* until it assumed an ugly black picture. And he had now come blundering forth with the intention of ' looking out for himself,' as ingeniously suggested to him by Blase Pellet. In short, to track the steps and movements of the two implicated people ; to watch whether they met and all about them. 'Perhaps other folks will have as much as they can carry soon,' was his insolent retort to Frank, lifting the heavy stick in his hand menacingly. At which Frank only laughed, and sped onward. A terrible savage mood came over Josiah Bell. Seeing Frank strike off to the right towards the row of miners' dwellings, he concluded that it was to his bouse he was bent — to see Rosaline. And he gnashed his teeth in fury, and gave vent to a fierce oath because he could not overtake the fleet steps of the younger man. Bursting in at his own door when he at length' reached it, he sent his eyes round the room in search of the offenders. But all the living inmates that met Ilia view consisted of his wife in her mob cap and -white apron, knitting as usual, in her own chair, and the cat sleeping upon the hearth. ' Where's Rosaline r' Mrs. Bell put down her knitting — a gray wsrsted stocking for himself — and sighed deeply as she gazed at him. He had not been very sober at dinner-time ; he was worse now. Nevertheless she felt thankful that he had come home so soon. ' She's gone out! ' he continued, before Mrs. Bell liad spoken; and it was evident to her that the fact of llosaline's being out was putting him into a furious passion. 'Who is she along with? ' ' Rose went over after tea to sit a hit with Granny Sandon, Granny's worse to-day, poor thing ! I'm expecting her back ever}- minute.' Bell staggered to the iire- place and stood there lifting his stick. His wife went on with her knitting in silence. To reproach him now would do harm in stead of good. It must be owned that his exceeding to this extent was quite an exceptional case.; not many times had his wife known him do it. ' Where's Raynor r' he broke out. ' Raynor !' she echoed in surprise, ' Do you mean Mr. Frank Raynor ? I don't know where he is.' ' He came in here a few minutes ago.' ' Bless you, no, not he,' returned the wife, in an CRsy tone, thinking it the best tone just then. *' Tell ye, I saw him come here.' ' The moonlight must have misled you, Jesiah, Mr. Raynor has not been here to-day. Put down your stick and take off your hat, man ; and sit down and be comfortable.' To thi| persuasive invitation Bell made no reply. Yet a minute or two he stood in silence, gazing at Hie file; then,- grasping his stick more firmly in his hand, and ramming his hat upon his head, he stag gered out again, shutting the aoor with a bang. Mrs. Bell sighed audibly : she supposed he was returning to the Golden Shaft. Meanwhile Frank Raynor was with Mrs. Molly Janes. Her damages were not so bad as had been represented. Leaving her a model of artistically applied sticking- plaster, Frank started for home again. The night was most beautiful ; the sky clear, save for a few fleecy clouds that now and then passed across it, the silvery moon riding grandly amidst them. Just as Frank came opposite the Bottomless Shaft he met Rosaline, on her way home from Granny ~&andon;'B. They .stayed to speak — as a matter of course. Frank told her of tlie affray that had taken place, and the punishment of Molly Janes. 'While Rosaline listened, she kept her face turned in the direction she had come, as though she were watching for some one ; and her quick eyes discerned a figure approaching in the bright moonlight. 'Good night — you pass on, Mr. Frank,' she sud denly and hurriedly exclaimed. ' I am going to bide myself here for a minute.' Darting towards the Bottomless Skaft, she took refuge amongst the mounds by which it was sur rounded mounds which looked just like great earth batteries, thrown up in time of war. Instead of pass uig on his way, Frank followed her, in sheer aston ishment ? and found her behind the furthermost jmound at the back of the Shaft. ' Are you hiding from me V he demanded. 'What js^it, Rosaline: I don't understand.' 'Not from you,' she whispered. ' But why didn't on ! Hush ! There's some one going to pass thfitl don t want to see.' ' Who is it ? 'Your father ? I lie is gone home.' ' It is Blase Pellet,' she answered. ' I saw him at .the shopdoor as I came by, and I thought he followed me. He talks nonsense, and I would rather walk home alone. ' Listen t Can we hear his footsteps, do you think, sir? He must bo just going by now.' Frank humoured her : he did not particularly like j Blase Pellet himself, but he had no motive in being j still, save that it was her wish. On the contrary, I he would have preferred to be travelling home- ! wards, for he had not much time to lose. Whistling j very softly, scarce absve his- breath, his back against I the nearest mound, he watched the white clouds coursing in the sky. I 'He must have passed now, Rosaline.' I She stole cautiously away, to reconnoitre; and came back with a beaming face. ' Yes,' she said, ' and he has made good speed, for he is out of sight. He must have set off with a run, I thinking to catch me up.' ' I wonder you were not afraid to go through the mounds by yourself and pass close to the Bottomless Shaft!' cried Frank, in a tone of raillery, and ne longer deeming it necessary to lower his voice. ' Old Sandon's ghost might have come out, you know, and eaten you up.' ' I am not afraid of old Sandon's ghost,' said Rosaline. ' I dare say not !' laughed Frault. Iu a spirit of bravado, or perhaps in very lightness of heart, Rosaline ran suddenly through the zigzag turnings and windings, until she stood close to the shaft. Frank followed her, quickly too, for in truth lie was impatient to be gone. ' I am listening for the ghost's groans,' she said, her head bent forward over the yawning pit, her ear turned in the attitude of listening. ' It was a danger ous position: the least slip, one incautious step nearer, might have been irredeemable ; and Frank put his arm round her waist to protect her. Another half moment passed, when tliey hardly know what occurred. A bellow of rage, a heavy stick brandished over them in the air by some intruder, and Rosaline started back, to see her father. Old Bell must have been fiiding amongst the mounds on his own Bcore, looking out for what there might be to sec. Down came the stick heavily on Frank's shoulder. An instant's scuffle and a push ensued : a yell from a despairing, falling man ; a momentary glimpse of an upturned face, a shrill cry of horror in a woman's voice ; an agonized word from her companion ; a heavy thud, as of some dull weight dropping into the earth at what sounded like a frightful distance, and all was over. And Francis Raynor and the unhappy Rosaline were alone, standing together under the pitiless moonlight. Chapter V. — Waiting fok Bell. The fire threw its glow on Mrs. Bell's kitchen — kitchen and sitting roe.ni in one — lighting up the strip of bright-coloured carpet before the fender, and the red tiles of the floor ; playing on the plates and dishes on the dresser-shelves and on the blue hyacinth glasses in the window, now closed in by its outside shutters. Stout Airs. Bell, her cheeks as red as the fire, sat by the round table in her white apron and mob cap. plying her knitting-needles. On the other side of the hearth sat a neighbour, one Nancy Tom son, a tall, thin woman in a check apron, with pro jecting teeth and high nose, who had come in for a chat. On the table waited the supper — bread and cheese — and a candle ready to be lighted. The clock struck 9. Mrs. Bell looked up as though the sound half startled her. ' 'Who'd ha' thought it!' cried the visitor, whose tongue had been gouig incessantly for the last hour, causing the time to pass quickly. ' Be that clock too fast, Dame Bell ?' ' No,' said the dame. ' It's right by the church ' ' Well, I'd never ha' said it were 9. Your folks is late. I wonder where they be ?' ' No need to wonder,' returned Mrs. Bell, in a sharp tone, meant for the absentees. ' llosaline's staying with that jpoor Granny Sandon, who seems to get nobody else to help her. As to Bell, he is off again to the Golden Shaft.' ' You said he had been in.' ' He did come in : and I thought he had come for good. But he didn't stay a minute ; he must needs tramp out again. And he was further gone then, Nancy Tomson, than I've seen him these three years.' Mrs. Bell exercised her needles vigorously, as if her temper had got into her fingers. The visitor plunged into a renewed sea of conversation — which had chiefly turned upon that interesting episode, the even ing fight between Janes and his wife. At half-past 9, Mrs. Bell put down her knitting and rose from her seat. She was growing uneasy. ' 'What can keep Rosaline ? She'd never stay out so late as this, let Granny Sandon -want her ever so. I'll take a look out and see if I can see her.' Unbolting the door she pulled it open, admitting a flood of pale moonlight — pale compared with the ruddier glow of the fire. Mrs. Bell peered out across the Bare Plain in the direction of Trennach ; and Nancy Tomson, who was always ready for any di vertissement, came forward and stretched her long ,neck over Mrs. Bell's shoulder. ' It's a rare light night,' she said. ?' But I don't see nobody coming, Dame Bell. They topers sticks to it.' Feeling the air cold after her place by the hot fire, Nancy Tomson -withdrew indoors again. She was in no hurry to be gone. Her husband made one of the topers to-night, and this warm domicile was pleasanter than her own. Dame Bell was about to shut the door, when a faint sound, something like a suppressed moan, caused her to look quickly out again, and to advance somewhat farther; than she did before. Sitting against the waU on the other side^the window was a dark object ; and, to Mrs. Bell's intense sur prise, she disco veied it to be Bosaline. Rosaline, in what appeared to be the very utmost abandonment of grief or of terror. Her hands were clasping her raised knees, her face was bent upon them. Every low breath she took seemed to come forth with a suppressed moan of anguish. ' Wliv, child, what on earth's the matter r' ejacu lated the mother. ' What are you sitting down there for r' The words quickly brought out Nancy Tomson, whose exclamations of wonder, when she saw Rosa line, might have been nearly heard at Trennach. Rosaline's moans had subsided into silence. She slowly got up. they putting forth their hands to help her, and went indoors. Her face was white as that of the dead, and appeared to have a nameless horror in it. Down she sat on the first chair she came to, put her arms on the table, and her head upon them, so that her countenance was hidden. The two women, closing the front door, stood gazing at her with the most intense curiosity. ' She has been* frighted,' whispered Nancy Tom son. And it did indeed look like it. Mrs. Bell dis I 6 en ted, however. ' Frighted ! 'What is there to frighten her : What s the matter, Rosaline;' she continued, ^ somewhat | sharply. ' Be you struck mooney, child r' i Nancy Tomson -was one who liked her own opinion, and she held to the fright. She advanced a step or : two nearer to Rosaline, dropping her voice to a low ! ' Have you seen anything o' Dan Sandon ? Maybe | his ghost showed itself to you as you came by the Bottomless Shaft ?' The words sent Rosaline into a desperate fit of trembling : so much so that her arms caused the table, which was not very substantial, to shake as I they lay upon it. ' Then just you tell us what else it is,' pursued | Nancy Tomson, eager for an answer — for Rosaline I had made a motion in the negative as to Dan San | don's ghost. ' Sure,' added the woman to Mrs. ! Bell, 'sure Janes and her be not a-fighting again! | Sure he haven't been and killed her ! Is it that that j have frighted you, Rosaline r' I ' No, no,' murmured Rosaline. | ' Well, it must be something,' urged the woman, half rampant with curiosity. ' One can t be frighted to death for nothing.' ' A notion, like a flash of light, seized upon Mrs. Bell. And it seemed to her so certain to be' the true one that she only wondered she had not thought of it before. She laid her hand upon her daughter's shoulder. ' Rosaline ! You have heard of the Seven Whist lers !' A slight pause. Rosaline neither stirred nor spoke. To Nancy Tomson the suggestion cleared up the mys tery. ' That* sit,' she cried, emphatically. 'Where was my wits, I wonder, that I never remembered they ? Now don't you go for to deny it, Rosaline Bell : you have been Hearing they Seven Whistlers.' Another pause. A shiver. And then Rosaline slowly lifted her white face, 'Yes,' she answered. 'The Seven Whistlers.' And the avowal struck so much consternation on her two hearers, although the suggestion had first come from them, that they became dumb. ' Father heard them, you know,' went on Rosa line, with a look of terror in her eyes, and an absent sound in her voice as though she were dreaming. ' Father heard them. And they bode ill-luck.' 'They bode death, as some says,' spoke Nancy Tomson, lowering her voice to an appropriate key. 1 ' Yes,' repeated Rosaline, in a tone of grievous wailing. 'Yes: they bode death. Oh mother! mother !' But now, Mrs. Bell, although given, like her neigh bours, to put some faith in the Seven Whistlers — for example is contagious — was by no means one to be overcome with the fear of them. Rather was the superstition regarded by her as a prolific theme for talk and gossip, and she entirely disap proved of the men's making it an excuse for idleness : had she heard the Whistlers with her own ears, it would not have moved her much. Of course she did not particularly like the Whistlers ; she was willing to believe that they were in some mysterious way the harbingers of ill-luck ; but for anybody to be put into an alarming state of terror by them, as was now dis played by Rosaline, she looked upon as altogether absurd and unreasonable. ' Don't take on like that, child !' rebuked she. ' You must be silly. They don't bode your death : never fear. I'll warm you a sup o' pea-soup. There's some left in the crock.' She bustled into the back kitchen after the soup and a saucepan. Rosaline kept her head dowai ; deep, laboured breathings, as of one who has run beyond his strength, agitating her. Nancy Tomson stood looking on, her arms folded in her check linen apron. ' Whereabouts did ye hear they Whistlers, Rosa line ?' she at length asked. But there was no answer. ' On the Bare Plain, I take it,' resumed the wo man. ' Were' t a-nigh they mounds by the Shaft? Sounds echoes in they zigzag paths rarely. I've heard the wind a whistling like anything there afore now.' A moan, telling of the sharpest mental agony, broke from Rosaline. Dame Bell heard it as she was coming in. In the midst of her pity, it angered her. ' Rosaline, I won't have this. There's reason in roasting eggs. We shall have your father here directly, and what will he say ? I can tell you, he was bad enough when he went out. Come ! just rouse yourself up.' ' Father heard the Whistlers, and — they — bode — death!' shivered Rosaline, pausing between the words. 'They don't bode yours, I say,' repeated Dame Bell, losing patience. ' Do yousuppose deathcomes to every person that hears the Whistlers 5 — or any ill luck either ?' ' No, no.' assented Nancy Tomson, for Rosaline did not speak. ' For one that falls into ill-luck ©fter hearing they Whistlers, ten escapss. I've knowed a whole crowd o' they men hear the sounds, and nothing have come on't to any one on 'em.' 'And that's true,' said Mrs. Bell. Rosaline could not be persuaded to try the pea I soup. It was impossible that she could swallow it, ' she said. Taking a candle, she went up to her room — to bed, as her mother supposed. 'And the best place for her,' remaked Damer Bell. 'To think of her getting a fright like this !' ? I But poor Rosaline did not go to bed, and did not undress. Her shoes off, she began to pace the few yards of space in her narrow chamber, to and fro, to and fro, from wall te wall, in an agony the like of which has rarely been felt on earth. She was living over again the night's meeting at the Bottomless Shaft and its dreadful ending; she saw* the white, upturned face, and heard - the awrful cry of despair of him who was falling into its pitiless depths, and was now lying there, dead : and it seemed to her that she, herself, must die of it. The clock struck 10, and Nancy Tomson tore her self away from the warm and hospitable kitchen, after regaling herself upon the sup of pea-soup re jected by Rosaline. And Mrs Bell sat on, knitting, and waiting for her husband. When Rosaline, her hands lifted in frantic distress, tore away from the Bottomless Shaft that evening, and the tragedy that had been enacted there, and went flying along the Bare Plain towards her home, Frank Raynor, recovering from the shock of horror which had well-nigh stunned all his faculties, went after her, and ran with her side by side. Two or three times he attempted to say a word to her, but she took no notice ; she never answered ; it was as if she did not hear. When they reached the narrow cross line that j branched off to the cottages from the broad path, there she stopped, and turned her head to him. ' We part here. Part for ever.' I 'Are you going home r ' he asked. ' ? ' Where else should I be going?' she rejoined, with a burst of anguish. ' Where else have I to go? ' j ' I will 6ee you safe to the door.' I 'No. NoJ Good- bye.' And, throwing out her hands at him, as if to ward him off, she would have sped onwards. But Frank j could not part thus ; he had something to say, and ' detained her. A few hasty words passed between I them, and then she 'was at liberty to go. He stood to j watch, her until she drew near to her own door, when he turned back on his way across the plain. ! In all his whole life Francis Raynor had never felt as he was feeling now. An awful weight had; settled upon his soul. His friends had been wont to gay that no calamity upon earth could bring down Frank's exuberant spirits, or change the lightness of his ways. But something had been found to do it now. Little less agitated was he than Rosaline ; the sense of horror upon him was the same as hers. He was now passing the fatal spot, the Bottomless Shaft; its surrounding batteries, or hillocks, shone out in the moonlight. Frank turned his eyes that way, and stood still to gaze. Of their own accord,, and as if some fascination impelled him against his will, his steps moved thitherwards. With a livid face, and noiseless feet, and a heart that ceased for the moment to beat, in its dread consciousness, he took ths first narrow zigzag between two of the mounds. And — but w iiat v was it that met his gaze ? As he came in view of the Shaft, he saw the figure of a man standing on its brink. It was so utterly unexpected a sight, and so unlikely a one, that Frank stood still, scarcely believing it to be real. For one blissful moment he lost sight of impossibilities, and did indeed, think it must be Josiah Bell. Only for an instant. The truth returned to his mind in all its wretched nakedness, together with the recognition of the intruder. Mr. Blase Pellet. Mr. Blase was gingerly bending his body forward, but with the utmost caution, and looking down into the pit, as if he were listening for what might be to be heard there, just as the unhappy Rosaline had pro fessed to listen but a few minutes before. Frank had made no noise ; and a gust of wind was just then sweeping the mounds, deadening all sound but its own. But, with that subtle instinct that warns us sometimes of a human presence, Blase Pellet turned sharply round to look, and saw him. Not a word passed. Frank drew silently back — though he knew the man had recognized him — and pursued his way over the plain. He guessed how it was. When he and Rosaline had been waiting amidst the mounds for Blase Pellet to pass, Blase had not passed. Blase must have seen them cross over to the spot in the moonlight ; and, instead of continuing his route onwards, had stealthily crossed over after them, and concealed himself in one or other of the narrow zigzags. He must have re mained there until now. How much had he seen ?? How much did he know? If anything had been capable of adding to the weight of perplexity and trouble that had fallen on Frank Raynor, it would be this. He groaned in spirit as he pursued his way homeward. ' How late you are, Frank !' The words, spoken by Edina, met him as he entered. Hearing him come in, she had opened the door of the sitting-room. In the bewildering confusion of his mind, the perplexity as to the future, the sudden shock of the one moment's calamity, which might change the I whole current of his future life, Frank Raynor had lost all recollection of the engagement for the evening. The appearance of Edina recalled it to liini. She was in evening dress : though very sober dress. A plain gray silk, its low body and short sleeves trimmed with a little white lace ; a gold chain and locket on her neck; and bracelets of not much value. 'Are — are you going, Edina?' ' Going! ' replied Edina. ' Of course I am going. You are going also, are you not ? ' Frank pushed his hair off his brow. The gay scene at the Mount, and the dreadful scene in which he had just been an actor, struck upon him as being frightfully incongruous. Edina was gazing at him : she detected some curious change in his manner, and she saw that he was looking very pale. 'Is anything the matter, Frank ? Arc you not well ?' ' Oh, I am quite well.' ' Surely that poor woman is not dead ?' ' What woman?' asked Frank, his wits still wool gathering. Dr. Raynor, leaving his chair by the par lour fire, had also come to the door to look on. 'Have you been to see more than oner' said Edina. ' I meant Molly Janes.' ' Oh — {iy — yes,' returned Frank, passing his hand over his bewildered brow. ' She'll be all right in a few days. There's no very serious damage.' \ 'What has made you so long, the.n?' questiened. the Doctor. ' I — did not know it was late,' was the only excuse poor Frank could call up, as he turned from the fixed, gaze of Edina. And in point of fact he did not, ' even yet, know whether it was late or early. ' Pray make haste, Frank,' said Edina. ' You. can dress quickly when you like. I did not wish, you know, to be so late as this.' He turned to the staircase to seek his room. There . was no help for it ; he must go to his revelry. Edina could not go alone ; and, indeed, he had no plea to offer for declining to accompany her. Not until he was taking off his coat did he remember the blow on his shoulder. When the mind is at rest, the body feels its ailments ; most certainly Frank Raynor, in his mind's grievous trouble, had neither felt the pain, left by the blow, nor recollected it. Yet it was a pretty severe stroke, and the shoulder on which it fell was stiff and aching. Frank, his coat off, was passing his hand tenderly over the place, per haps to ascertain the extent of damage, when the door was tapped at and then opened by Edina. 'Here's a flower for your button-hole, Frank.' It was a very beautiful hot-house flower, looking like white wax. ' Dr. Raynor had brought it from the patient's house where he had been in the afternoon,, and Edina had kept it until the last moment as a sur prise to Frank. He took it quite mechanically, thanking her, it is true, but very tamely, his thoughts evidently far away. Edina could but note the change : what had become of Frank's careless lighthearted ness ? ' Is anything amiss with your shoulder r' 'It has got a bit of a bruise, I think,' he lightly answered, beginning to splash away in his basin. She shut the door, and Frank went on dressing, always mechanically. How many nights, and days, and weeks, and years, would it be before he could get out of his mind the horror of the recently-passed scene ! ' I wish to heaven that she-demon, Molly Janes, had been there !' he cried, stamping his foot on the floor in a sudden access of grief and passion. ' But for her vagaries, I should not have been called out this evening, and the terrible calamity could not have 1 happened!' Edina was ready when he went down, well cloaked and shawled ; her silk gown pinned up caiefuUy, a warm hood upon her smooth brown hair. The doctor did not keep a close carriage ; no such thing as a fly was to be had at Trennach ; and so they had to walk. 1 Sirs. St. Clare had graciously intimated that she would send her carriage for Miss Raynor if the night turned out to be a bad one. But the night was fine and bright. ' You will be sure not to sit up for us, papa,' said Edina, while Frank was putting on his overcoat. I ' It is quite uncertain what time we shall come home.' ' No, no, child ; I shall not sit up.' 'When they came to the end of the village, Frank turned off on the roadway, at the back of the parson i age, Edina on his arm. She asked him why he did so : over the Bare Plain was the nearest way. 'But this is less dreary,' was his answer. 'We tehall soon be there.' ' Nay, I think the Bare Plain is far less dreary than ?the road, especially on such a night as this,' said ?Edina. ' Here we are overshadowed by trees : there we get the fuil sheen of the moonlight.' He said no more ; only kept en his way. It did jK»t matter: it would make but about three minutes' difference. Edina stepped out cheerfully ; she never made a fuss over trifles. By-and-by, she began to wonder at his silence. It was very unusual. ' Have you the headache, Frank ?' ' No. Yes. Just a little.' Edina said nothing to the contradictory answer. I Something unusual had decidedly occurred to Frank. ' How did. you bruise your shoulder r' she presently asked. ' Oh — gave it a knock,' he said, after the slightest possible pause. 'My shoulder's all right, Edina; don't talk of it. A little more right than that con- ] founded Molly Janes' s bruises are.' And with tlie sharp words, sounding so strange ?from Frank's good-natured lips, E 1irca caught up the notion that the grievance was in some way connected with Molly Janes, perhaps the damaged shoulder also. Possibly she had turned obstreperous under the young doctor's liands, and had shown fight to , 'him as well as to her husband. j The Mount burst npon them in a blaze of light. I Plants, festoon6, music, brilliancy ! As they were j going into the chief reception-room, out-of-door J wrappings removed, Edina missed that beautiful white wax flower : Frank's coat was unadorned. ' Frank ! What have you done with your flower?' His eyes wandered to the flowers decorating the rooms, and then down to his button-hole, all in an ?absent sort of way that surprised Miss Raynor. ' I fear I must have forgotten to put it in, Edina. I wish you had worn it yourself : it would have been more appropriate. How well it would have looked in your hair !' ' Fancy me with a flower in my hair V laughed Edina. ' But, Frank, I think Molly Janes has scared some of your wits away.' Their 'greeting to Mrs. St. Clare over, Frank found a seat for Edina, and stood back himself in a corner, behind a remote door. Oh, how terribly did this .-scene of wordly excitement contrast with the one enacted so short'a while ago ! He was living it, per . force, over again, going through, bit by bit, its short lived action, that had been all over in one or two : fatal moments : this, before him, seemed but a dream. The gaily-robed women sweeping past him with light laughter ; the gleam of jewels ; the pomp and pageantry.: it all seemed but the shifting scenes in an imaginary panorama. Frank could have groaned ?? aloud at the 'bitter mockery; life here; gay, heedless, joyous life ; and there, Death— death violent and -sudden. Never before, throughout his days, had the :? solemn responsibilities of this world and of the next . pressed upon him in. all their dread, 6tern reality. ' Oh, Mr. Raynor, I thought you were not coming. Have you been here long ? ' The emotional words, spoken in surprise, came from a fair girl in a cioud of white — Daisy St. Clare. Frank's hand went forward to meet the one held out to him ; but never a smile crossed his face. ' How long have you been here, Mr Raynor ? ' 'How long? I am not sure. Half-an-hour, I think.' ' Have you been dancing ? ' ' Oh, no. I have been standing here.' ' On purpose to hide yourself ? I should not have seen you but that I am looking in all corners for ? Lydia'g card, which she has lost.' 'He did not answer : his head was throbbing, his heart beating. Daisy thought him very silent. ' I have had my dance with Sir Paul Trellasis,' -.said Daisy, toying with her own card, a hot blush on her face, and her eyes cast down. At any other moment Frank would have read the ? signs fast enough, and taken the hint : she was ready ?to dance with him. But he never asked her : he did not take the gilded leaves and pencil into his own 'hands and write down his name as many times as he pleased. He simply stood still, gazing out with vacant eves, and a sad look on his face. Daisy at .length glanced up at him. ' Are you ill?' she inquired. ' No ; 'only tired.' ' Too tired to dance ? ' she ventured to ask, after a rpause, her pulse quickening a little as she put the suggestive question. ' Yes. I cannot dance to-night, Miss Margaret.' ' Oh, but why r ' His breath was coming a little quickly with emo-, tion, not caused by Daisy, and her words, and her ; Slope of dancing — but by 'that dreadful recollection. Stilling his tone to calmness, he spoke. ' Pray forgive me, Miss Margaret, I really cannot -?dance to-night.' And the cold demeanour, tlie discouraging words, threw a chill upon her heart. What ha-1 she done to Mm, that he should change like this ? With a bear .intt that sought to be proud, but a quivering lip, Margaret turned away. He caught her eye as she was doing so— caught the -expression of her face, and read its bitter disappoint ment. The next moment, he was bending over her, . .pressing her hand within his. ' Forgive rue, Daisy,' he whispered, in a tone of i leading tenderness. '' No ; indeed it is not caprice : —I cannot dance to-night. Go you and dance to your heart's content, and let me hide myself here -until Miss Raynor shall be ready to leave. The kindest thing you can do is to take no further notice -of me.' He released her hand as he spoke, and stood back ?again by the wall in the dark corner. Margaret turned away with a shivering sigh. Her delight in tthe evening was gone. ' And lie never wished me any good wishes. It might just as well not have been my birthday.' 