THERESE BOITEAU. ? ! Bv MARA. | [The exclusive riglit of publication of tUiB tale has been purchased by the proprietors ol' the Hyuney Mail.} , Chapteii I. — Stuange Doings in Minekva' e Hai/ls. ! ' Help ! help ! For pity's 6ake, make haste ! ' were the wrords screamed out at the top of a boy's shrill voice, at about 3 o'clock in the morning, in one of the large dormitories wherein lay sleeping, some twenty of the hundred or so of pupils whose waking minds were daily sown with the 6eeds of future wisdom and greatness at a large boardiag- school situated in a quaint old town of some historic importance in la belle 1' ranee, about hve-ana- twenty years suice. Again the words pealed out in the keenly cold winter's morning air, which found ite way into the many-windowed sleeping-room, and startled sleepers tumbled and scrambled from their beds, and in the dim light cast into the apartment by the partially obscured moon shiveringly gathered themselves around a bed in which, sitting bolt upright and sob bing from fright, was a lad of about 12 years of age, and from whom the alarm and cries for help appa rently proceeded. ' What is all the row about, Charlie? ' 'Who's killing you?' and a dozen other questions were put by the half-frozen lads now clustered around the bed of the disturber of their rest. ' ' Oh dear ! where is Mr. Arnold ? Some one look ; for I saw him just now all covered with blood, lying dead ; and it has frightened me so. I suppose I was dreaming. But oh ! do some one — you, Harry — do knock at his door, and see if he's all right.' j ' You precious young muff, you want cobbing, for making all that row in your dreams and waking us | all up; and it's precious lucky for you that Mr. Arnold hasn't been roused by your screeching, for he'd have covered you with blood in no time, you young nightmare ; lie down with you and go to sleep, and take care you don't frighten us out of our senses again, or I shall have to warm you up a bit myself, Master Charlie,' quoth the senior boy and junior teacher of the school, Henry Eldon. ' But, Harry, I tell you I saw him lying dead as plainly as possible; and perhaps' ? ' Oh ! stuff and nonsense, young ene ; we know all about dreams ; so just shut up now before all this talking wakes Sir. Arnold up. There, don't be a nervous goose, Charlie; but do as I tell you!' and, with a few parting benedictions upon the luck less dream-haunted youngster' b head, the boys scam pered back to their beds, and were soon again sleep ing the deep sweet sleep of the young. The troubled and unnerved dreamer, however, still tormented by the recollections of his vision, could only close his eyes in vain attempts to sleep — tossing and turning restlessly from side to side, full of a strange dread of evil which fairly banished all further rest from him, ' Ding ding, ding ding, ding ding,' rang out, at last, the 7 o'clock morning-bell, much to the relief of the weary lad. ' Ding ding, ding ding,' finally clanged the brazen- voiced bell ; and with eyes eagerly and hopefully turned towards the door of Mr. Arnold's room, a small enclosure formed by partitioning within the dormitory, Charlie Leslie watches for the appear ance of the English under-master's kindly face. On other mornings Mr. Arnold has been up and about the dormitories long before the bell h»9 ceased to ring ; calling up, shaking, or good humouredly hunting out of their warm beds the sluggards and sleepy lads. Tliis moniing a few only of the youngsters had taken the plunge into tiie cold air of the room, the majority still postponing the evil moment until Mr. Arnold's voice shall be heard uttering his usual kindly commands to turn out. But Mr, Arnold must be sleeping unusually soundly* for he still appears not ; nor is there any sign or sound of his moving about in liis room. The boys begin to wonder thereat ; but those hi bed are in no particular hurry to commence the day, and are content to believe that perhaps even the master himself is this morning to be caught napping beyond orthodox limits. Henry Eldon lias been up and away to the other dormitories, to see that all there are up to time; and now, finding, wii-h no little surprise, that Mr. Arnold has not issued from his room, he quickly hunts the lazy juniors out of their nests, aud proceeds to knock at the under master's door. As he does- so, he starts quickly back as he feels that one of his shoeless feet has trodden in a little dark-looking and almost thread-like stream which he now perceives has trickled into the dormi tory from beneath Mr. Arnold's door ; and as he be holds a deep red stain upon liis stocking, the foot whereof is saturated with jthe sickening-looking, moisture, his face pales, and he exclaims, ' Gooa God, it is blood!'' and forthwith runs away to sum mon the head-master, Monsieur Boiteau, proprietor of the pension. On heaiing Eldon's exclamation, and observing hi» alarm, tlie terrified boys huddle away together to the farthest end of the dormitory, and not one of them would face the perils of passing that door, now re maining so strangely closed. Soon in fyct, though an age to the waiting, frightened lads, il. Boiteau appears* on the scene, accompanied by Eldon and the two French under- masters. ' Now, zen, you Henry, where is ze big rivare of blud which you put your foot to, you say, and what is all zis nonsense about Mr. Arnold dead ? Ah, bah? he sleeps heavy oily. Knock, and he will soon make you stupide boy6 come again to your senses.' ' But see, M. Boiteau, tliis is what I stepped into — this little stream, and it is blood.' 'Pouf— silly — with your blud! Water from hi® wash-jug,' says M. Boiteau incredulously as he stoops and places an experimental finger into the threadlike stream; but, on seeing his soft fat digit stained with a deep-red stain, he hastily wipes hw hand, and his face assumes as ghastly a hue nearly as that of poor little Charlie, who is watching all this ia breathless suspense and half dead with fright as he thinks of his dream. ' Take all zese boys away,' says M. Boitean to one of the masters. ' Monsieur Arnold must be malade- — . has malade.no doubt; and we must have a doctaire at once. ' And now that the dreaded door is guarded by the presence of all the masters, the lads eagerly and willingly leave this, to them, chamber of horrors. All save Charles Leslie, whose overwrought imagina tion has subdued his strength ; and, under the con viction that the opening of that door shall witness* the fulfilment of his dream, he swoons away, and i» carried out of the dormitory. Believing that the door is secured inside, M. Boiteau knocks loudly thereat, and calls upon Mr, Arnold by name ; but no reply is heard. M. Boiteau then tries the door and it at once opens ; and this i» what meets the gaze of the horrified, spectators : Lying partly in the bed, and prevented from falling; to the floor of the room by the support afforded by a. chair at the bedside, is the form of Mr. Arnold ; the face resting upon ^tlie seat of the chair and turned towards the door — a face with eyes widely distended*, but glazed with a death-like glaze ; lips opened a» though to speak, and a fixed expression of horror settled upon every feature : surely a face to haunt it beholder's mind even to the last of his days on earth ! One hand of the dead man lies across his breast, pressed with open palm against his blood stained shirt, whilst tlie other hand is tightly clenche® —clenched indeed with the grip of grim death's vice like c*asp. Beneath the hand pressed over his heart, doubtless, are the cruel wounds which have stayed that heart'* beatings for evermore, and formed the fountain-head of tliat dark small steam which has slowly crept it* way across the uneven floor of the uncarpetod room, and beneath its door — the sickening, almost imper ceptible stream into which Eldon's foot had so un wittingly been, plunged, and whose crimson dye hacl 6taiiied the unbelieving M. Boiteau' s soft white hand. ' Mais, mon Dieu ! zis must be murdaire,' shutl Aeringly, and with voice subdued, says that gentle man, when he recovers somewhat from, the effect of the ghastly tableau presented upon the opening of' 3fr. Arnold's door. ' Good heavens, but zis is awful! — a murdaire in my school — it will ruin me,' sigh» the proprietor of the pension, with far more keenness* of regret for his own prospective loss than for the miserable fate which has befallen the hapless English tutor. ' Perhaps he is not dead — only badly wounded, ' says Eldon ; and he steps nearer to the repulsive looking figure whose eyes seem to look so sternly and. reproachfully at them; and Eldon places a hand, upon the clenched one of him so lately moving, amongst them in all the pride of health aud vigour of early manhood ; but as Eldon's life-warmed pain* touches the icy cold hand of the yet bleeding body, he no longer doubts whether the spirit lias taken it» flight from this earthly tenement. ' Dead enough, poor fellow — and, great heaven J who could have murdered him ? ' Even as tiie words pass his lips Eldon's eyes wander to the mur dered man's body, still partly lying within the bed* I and to the fearful evidence of the Woody deed, so. I lately perpetrated, now staining indelibly the floor*, and to something which has caught his sight as it lie* i there, steeped almost in the luebiood of the dead Arnold. Eldon starts violentiy ; but, recollecting himself, he steps back to where the other three gazera. are standing. One of them, M. Jean Paul Rene, asks Eldon the cause of his startled movement, but receives only & dreamy answer, and Eldon remains silently watching: the scene before them. ' Come, we will go from zis horrid room and send for ze polis inimediatement; but, parbleu, it is alt mysterious to me. What for could any one kill my English master ? And you, Eldon, with your bett close — so close as to touch his wall almost — did yovt hear nothing in ze night, no noise — rien de tout ? ' ' No, M. Boiteau, not a sound; and (vet whoever has done that deed,' pointing to Arnold's body* /' - ' must have come into this room by the door, for, see, all the shutters ar§ still closed, and the window fastened too, I believe;' and he steps past the dead man's*, head to look at the window fastenings. ' Mais oui — yes, yes, zat is so, Elden ; and so it confounds me more and more, for L do tiiik zat no one could go into zis room, and make ze strug gle, and kill ze pauvre Arnold, and not wake yevt up, eh ? Parbleu ! so I do say,' and a malicious, twinkle plays in M. Boiteau' s eyes aa he utters the words and looks at Eldon. ' I sleep soundly, M. Boiteau, and I have said that I heard nothing last night, at least— but, goodness* fcowstrange it seems now ! ' he murmurs, as the recol lection of Charlie's dream and the disturbance occa sioned thereby flashes across his mind. ' What is so strange, if you please, Master Eldon, eh? Have you remembered suddenly zat you saw Mr. Arnold killed — or zat you killed him yourself, per liaps, eh ? ' sneered M. Boiteau. '* How can you say such things, Monsieur : But come away out of this miserable room, and from tliat pitiable sight, and I will tell you what did occur last . night, although I cannot account for or connect it in any way ; ' aud then, as the backs of his companions ! were turned to leave the room, Eldon quickly and noiselessly stooped and picked up a small lace em- j broidered lady's handkerchief which was lying just within the dark stain upon the floor — tlie object, indeed, which had occasioned him to start when first liis eye had rested upon it, and which he has now, .stealthily and unseen, succeeded, as he trusts, in safely concealing, ere he, too, leaves the dead man's .room. Chapter II. — C'est le premier pas qui coute. Assembled in M. Boiteau's private room an hour or two subsequently to the dreadful discovery of the fate which had befallen the English tutor, are two active and intelligent members of the French police, or rather the bold gendarmes of the little town, who did the generally small amount of peace-preserving usually required at their liands. M. Boiteau, the two under-masters, and Eldon are also in the room. The ' active and intelligent' aforesaid have inter viewed, as we should nowadays term it, the dead Mr. Arnold, and are agreed upon the point that a diabolical murder has been perpetrated. The evidence of the medical man, Dr. Sangbleu, called in to examine the ] % body, is conclusive as to the cause of death, 6ince he I discovered beneath that hand so firmly pressed on the xegion of the dead man's heart three dagger or knife j wounds reaching to that heart's innermost depths, | and Dr. Sangbleu is quite satisfied that the wounds ! were not self-inflicted ; for, as he points out, with perhaps superfluous perspicuity, and much rising and ' felling of die shoulders — shoulders taking a most active part in all the doctor's many and lengthened perorations — ' it is possible, certainly, ma foi ! that a i man should stab himself to the heart once, but not a j second and a third time ; also, Messieurs, he could not afterwards have hidden the weapon — and you have found none, I believe r' Eldon has narrated the disturbance made in the night by the dreaming boy, Charles Leslie, who has also been questioned by the ' active and intelligent ' on the subject, but with so little satisfaction — the lad being still in a most wretchedly nervous and excited state — that the gendarmes twirl their long mous tachios viciously, and express their opinion to M. Soiteau that tliis dream is all a canard — or, as our i own idiom more familiarly expresses it, a cockand a-bull story; and when at length Messieurs les gendarmes took their departure, it is certain they carried with them quite as fair an opportunity and . occasion for displaying their sagacity as human blood hounds as had, perhaps, ever been afforded to them since they first commenced to twirl their now grisly mous tachios in the service of their country. ; _ It may have been that Eldon attached but slight importance to the discovery made bv him of that ' dainty article of a lady's apparel in the murdered man's room. _ Certain is it, however, that he did not mention it, either at the inquiry just concluded in M. Boiteau's apartment, or to anyone. TTis face, throughout the cross-questioning to which he had been subjected, and indeed since the moment when he ® dexterously contrived to conceal tiie handkerchief lud been deadly pale. But the gendarmes are gone, and Eldon's relief thereat seems intense as he mutters to himspJf ' Thank God ! no one saw me do it.' \ Eldon is, however, painfully conscious that, throughout the interview ji®t terminated, both M. Boiteau and the police officers had received his state ments and replies with the air of men who distrusted him ; and this feeling, coupled with the knowledge that he has .kept something secret which a still small voice warns him he should make known, doubtless gave to his answers, and manner in giving them, an uncertainty and embarrassment little calculated to be favourable to him in the estimation of his lis teners. Neither of the police officers as yet, perhaps, be lieved that Eldon had taken any active part or share in the perpetration of this dec-d of bloodshed ; but assuredly each felt a firm conviction that the pale, hesitating youngster could tell more than he had chosen to. M. Boiteau, indeed, hesitated not to say as much, and would have experienced no small pleasure in seeing Eldon arrested there and then as a 'suspect:' but after a few moments of whispered conversation aside with one of the officers, M. Boi teau reluctantly refrained from any further com ments. Not a trace of any weapon with which the murder could have been done had been obtained ; and even when the public investigation of tliis most mysterious case liad been held and concluded, very little more liad been elucidated than what had already transpired at the meeting in M. Boiteau's room. Eldon contrived to obtain better mastery over liis feelings as the time wore on which separated the present from that past fatal morning, and during the examination in the court, and even when under severe questioning from M. le President as to whether he liad stated all that he knew about the matter under I inquiry, lie has clearly and distinctly answered. ?' Yes, Monsieur, I have told everything !' Fatal first false step in thy young life ; and heavy and bitter shall be thy penance, and low shall thy head be bowed under the afflictions which shall fail upon thee. Unthinking and self-sacrificing though thy act may be, hoping by thy deception thus to save disgrace and shame, or may 'be ghastly death, from one dear to thee, still is thy crime a damnable and wicked one, and surely shall its punishment overtake thee, unhappy and mistaken boy. Charles Leslie's strange dream could not, of course, fail to create a considerable amount of excite ment, as by this time the version thereof in current circulation in the town is richly garnished with the supernatural and terrible. Ghosts in abundance had been seen by the whole of the boys in the school, so went one account, marching up and down the dormi tories with innumerable bleeding wounds pouring forth torrents of blood, and with accusing fingers sternly pointed at the head-boy of the school, Henry Eldon, upon whom the kindly but horror-loving to wnfolk have cheerfully fixed as being, if not the perpetrator of, at least a most active participant in the murder : thanks, no doubt, in a very great measure to M. Boiteau's expressed distrust and animosity towards Eldon since the tragic occurrence But poor little Leslie's nightmare, when described by him to M. le President in the realistic atmosphere of the court, although regarded by the educated por tion of the audience therein as being a most re markable dream under the circumstances, yielded no grain of information, which might ultimately, under the fostering care of those most painstaking and patient labourers, Messieurs the police, produce a crop of discovery in the case before the Court. To M. le President's question: 'Did you hear anything in Mr. Arnold's room during that night, or see anyone, any 6tranger, for instance, such as would account for your dreaming that he was injured, or in danger — as you say you dreamt ; was there any noise, or anyone moving, in Sir. Arnold's room — can you recollect r' j Little Leslie can only reply ' that lie heard or ! saw nothing, excepting that Mr. Arnold was lying dead and bleeding — of course, iu my dream, I mean — [ but it was so clear to me that it frightened me as much as though I had indeed seen it.' And the boy's eyes fill with tears as he recalls that wretched night's terrors. M. Boiteau's evidence furnished the Court with all that was known in the town as to who and what Mr. Arnold was. The gentleman who had filled the situa tion of English master, some two months before the advent of Mr. Arnold at the pension, had been obliged suddenly to return to England to attend at the deathbed of a near and rich relation, and M. Boiteau had found himself placed in considerable difficulty in having to obtain another master at so short a notice. He advertised in English newspapers, and about three montlis before the night of the murder he received a visitor, Mt. Arnold, who had come over from England on the chance of obtaining the situation, preferring, as he said, to meet the prin cipal of the pension rather than the agent. He showed very satisfactory proofs of his' qualifications, and was at once accepted ; M. Boiteau not, however, telling the Court that a great influence upon him in the engagement thus effected being that Mr. Arnold was satisfied to accept about half the amount of salary which had been paid to liis predecessors at the pen sion, not being entirely dependent upon his earnings, but desirous of residing in France for a time for his health. M. Boiteau could tell nothing about Mr. Arnold's friends in England, nor was there found amongst the dead man's small wardrobe and personal belongings any clue whatever as to his connections or antece- , dents — not even the papers which M. Boiteau declared j to have been produced to him, and by which he had i learned tliat the applicant for the mastership had graduated at an English university. I Not a scrap of writing or letters of any kind to be j found, only a few clothes — few, but of very superior j texture and quality ; and M. Boiteau informed the Court that Mr. Arnold had said that his luggage would arrive presently from England, he not having cared to be encumbered with much until he should I know whether he would remain in France. 1 The English police authorities were communicated with and every effort made by them to discover who | the Frederick Arnold found murdered at the school I in France could be, but in vain, for no clue to his j identity wras to be obtained. I During his short residence amongst them, Mr. Arnold hadgainedtlieaffectionate liking of nearly every boy in the school ; and when it became certain that no anxious and loving relatives or friends in England would claim him as theirs, and perform the funeral customs for his remains, but that the unknown and friendless, but kindly teacher must be buried in the cemetery of the old French town, a subscription was quickly raised — not laTge in amount, for pocket-money did not pour into M. Boiteau's pupils' hands very freely, but sufficient to pay for a neat marble slab, which was placed over his grave, and engraved upon it were the words : — HIC JACET FREDERICK ARNOLD, AGED — TEARS, WHO WAS FOUND CRUELLY MURDERED IN HIS BED DECEMBER 12, 1S48. THIS TABLET WAS ERECTED IN AFFECTIONATE RESPECT TO HIS MEMORY BY TIIE BOYS 01- THE SCHOOL OF WHICH HE WAS THE WELL-LOVED ENGLISH TEACHER. ' VENGEANCE IS MINE, SAITH THE LORD.' Great was M. Boiteau's tribulation over the cloud which had thus risen and rested over his hitherto prosperous and well thought of pension ; for he could not but feel convinced that, when the tale of this unaccountable murder should reach the ears of the parents of his English pupils, mostly well-to-do tradespeople, it would be the means of damaging his school in their estima tion. Amongst the mothers of the boys especiaUy, did M. Boiteau reason, would the feeling of danger attending the placing of their beloved offspring at this distant French school, where English masters were murdered in their beds, be particularly potent ; and he gnashed his teeth and muttered what might only have been a prayer to heaven, but which sounded very like a protracted sacre-e. And then, as though this were not trouble enough, there remained to M. Boiteau the annoyance occasioned by the fact that, despite his own all but openly avowed suspicion of Eldon's complicity in the murder, the Court had not caused the young Englishman to be arrested. But fortune still further persecuted the troubled school proprietor at this juncture. 'War's alarms had been prevailing more or less since the return to France of the erstwhile prisoner of Ham, the future Emperor and our little town was in the throes of the revolu tion, and the utmost excitement prevailed there, as elsewhere in this land of chronic excitement. English visitors, residents, school boys and girls, were hurrv ing or being hurried away back to England, and amongst them the whole of M. Boiteau's English pupils, excepting Eldon and Leslie. These two° re mained at the school for the simple reason that neither of them possessed relatives in England with the means or inclination to pay for their A turn there, or in whose homes the boys could have claimed or received a wel come. The stories of their young lives were not dissimilar in several respects, and both were sad. Eldon, now a well-grown, handsome, fair-haired youth of nineteen, had been a pupil at M. Boiteau's since he was ten years old until he was sixteen, and up to that time had been both liberally and punctually paid for bv his father, who had brought Henry Eldon to England from the place of his birth, Jamaica, where Mr. Eldon had once held considerable property, amassed by sugar-growing ; and, in obedience to the advice he solicited from an old acquaintance, Harry's father placed him at M. Boiteau's for five years, and Mr. Eldon returned to the West Indies. Six years passed, and still Harry remained, and tidings had reached him from time to time of mis fortunes accumulating upon his father in business matters; in the third year at the school Eldon's mother had died, and ere the sixth year was well counted out, his father also died, and in insolvent cir cumstances. No more remittances for M. Boiteau. and alas ! no more peace of mind for young Eldon. T -vo things only in this world occupied any place in the French schoolmaster's small heart and 'mind — the love of money-getting and devotion for Mademoi selle Therese Boiteau, his only child. For everything and everyone else, M. Boiteau's feelings were a very ? L. fortress ; a Cronstadt that there was no scaling or ob taining a foothold in ; and he who had never in his whole life given a sou or its worth to any beggar or craving fellow-creature was not likely to feel very much sympathy for an English orphan boy thus sud denly thrown upon his mercy, and things must have gone hard with young Eldon only that his talent for acquiring languages was an exceptionally keen one, and. the English boy's French was declared by Mdlle. Therese to be better than papa's even, and acknow ledged by that 'gentleman to be very good — so good that M. Boiteau was willing to feed — in a fashion, and to clothe — out of all fashion, Henry Eldon, 011 condi tion that he undertook the younger French classes of the school. This drudgery had he faithfully performed up to the time of the murder. Charlie Leslie, now a delicate lad of twelve,, had been at M. Boiteau's for two years ; his father, only dead a few months, had been a struggling and unsuccessful professional man in London, and had left a wife and family almost unprovided for. And now, at the end of each quarter, when the remit tances should have been forthcoming for his pupils, and when perhaps some days' delay would occur in the arrival of the few pounds which poor Mrs. Leslie pinched, screwed, and almost starved herself and her other children to save, so that her eldest-born and only son should receive some education ere he be cast into the world's great arena of toil and trouble, to bear his share of the labour curse of humanity, M. Boiteau's wrath would be loud and deep, as the spirit of filthy lucre which possessed bim would whisper of probable loss, or at least deferred payments ; and the little man would almost dance round poor Charlie whilst he stormed at and abused him and Ins whole race of relations in terms not only worthy of such a devotee at Mammon's shrine, bnt also in such a coarse and brutally unfeeling a manner as to bring the hot tears of shame and indig nation into the eyes of poor Mrs. Leslie's small son. Since his father's death Charlie has been more and more anxious to leave the school and return to his family, but his mother's entreaties and her gentle ? words of encouragement, ' that, for the sake of the ?power it m&v; give him presently vo help her and his sisters, he must remain awhile at the school and learn all he can,' have hitherto prevailed with him. But Mr. Arnold's death, preceded, or accompanied, for -we know- not which it was, by that dream of his, has so thoroughly disturbed Leslie's health, bodily and mentally, and rendered the school hateful to him, that he declared his intention, in sorrowful confidence to his only friend and champion, Eldon, of running away. ' 'Where to, young oner' ' Anywhere in the world, Harry ; so that it is away from this beastly school.' ' Patience, little lad, awhile, and may be you shall have company in your travels,' is the comforting J answer of his confidant. J 