MR. DALLET ON THB SPIRITUAL PHENOMENA OP KIAMA. The speech of the Attorney-General a the banquet at the opening of the Kiama Basin may be regarded aa tbe moat effectual ' laying' of tbe local ghost that has yet taken place. It was tbe exorcism of laughter, which is, after all, the most thorough way of dealing with bad spirits who have not the dignity and character of the Platonic middle intelligence between gods and men, which, in the Symposium, is said to be ' the uniting link which completes the chain of being.' ISTow tho Kiama Ghost was essentially a low, vulgar, m«lr-vr-lpnf- snirif, A n Mv. TialloTT nnfa if: he was rather a dirty specimen of a base, scheming politician — a 3ower of dissensions — a hater of true liberty — a sectarian, rascal ; as little like a respectable gentlemanly ghost (to borrow an illustration from Persian Mythology) as the genii or demons in the kingdom of Onnuzd (or light) are like to the genii in the kingdom of Ahriman (or darkness). And yet what a powerful spirit for mischief he was for a considerable time. What an organizer of lodges and associations and diabolical con fraternities for the narrowing of human. symypathies — for tho intensifying of in tolerance — for the destruction of the true harmony of citizenship ! It is all very well to laugh at him now ; but there v/as a time when to affect or proclaim disbelief in him was to expose one to the imputa tion of being a sympathizer with murder. It is only fair to Mr. Dalley to say that he always laughed at tlm spirit;, and laughed louder than the roar of the fanaticB, whose supernatural leader was conjured up at Kiama. It must consequently have been a source of peculiar fun and gratification for the Attorney-General to have visited the haunted ground, and spoken in tho very birthplace of the spirit. The mock gravity with which he related his npiritual istic studies, giving his hearers to under stand that he was thoroughly familiar with the marvels of Mrs. Crowe and Mrs. De Morgan, of Breveir and Robert Dale Owen, of Epes Sergeant and Adin Ballon, of Wil liam Howitt and Emma Hardinge, but; that with all this weird and mystic learn ing he had not up to the time at which he spoke been px'ivileged to see Kiama, must have been irresistible. He had read 'From Matter to Spirit,' 'Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World,' 'The Deba table Land,' ' Planchette,' tho ' History of the Supernatural,' and a library of similiar publications, but his eyes bad not before rested on the witcheries of Kiama. This is how he is reported in the Herald of Friday, 22nd instant : — Gentlemen — Although I have read with eager and thrilling interest Mrs Crowe'u ' Nightsida of Nature' — (laughter) ~a variety of works on deiuonology and wicchoraft — (laughter)— and indeed have a pretty fair acquaintance with the literature of &ppa;~itions — (laughter) — I have never, up to the present time9 had tho privilege oE visaing Kiama. (Roara of la,ughter.) Ib may eaom to you that my love of the superna tural and my sympathy with spiritualism are both faint enough when I make this confession-— (renewed laughtor) — for at tho smallest aaorifioe : of time and money I might at any time in a few houra have passed out of the real world of flesh and blooi and human passiona into thia land of shades and eepnlchres. (Laughter and cheers.) Gentlemen, now thafc I hnvo seen this beautiful country I am more than ever convinced that ifc is haunted ground — that ifc is a place of enchantments. (Cheers ) Bafc it is haunfcp.d by tho spirit of beauty, and its enchantments are those of the most perfect loveliness of natnro. (Cheers.) Not to be associated with that diamal and dilapidated old Fenian spirit — (langhter) — who was once conjured up im your midst, and who was eeafc upon a melancholy political mission to bo for ever pursued with inextinguishable laughter— ? daughter and cheers) — but to be tho home of all QWeot and generous epiritB, who brighten and ennoble and make joyous our human life ; of thopo beautiful aud benevolent fairiea and creations of the elder time of which the great German poab spoke so nobly. ' The intelligible forma of ancient poets™ Tiie fair humanities of old religion — Tho power, tho beauty, and the majesty That had theii1 hauntB in dell or piny moua* Or forest, by gIow otream or pobbly spring. (Ohoer/3.) Those are 6ho opirits whioli ehoalfl '?'?.- ???'-'?. :??????? ? j'-./'v -?-:J- ''?'?' for ever haunt ouch a witchery of loveliness as this, in which ? st Kiamn slumbers vobed -with mist, All glittering in tho dewy light.' (Cheera.) Living politiciano, ovon though they be fair bonoofc, liberal men, are ccarcely in har mony with this tranqnil beauty ; butghoatlypoli ticians, coming out of their graves to bow dissen sions, inapire auBpicions, and make ub all hate one another, ought to bo banished eternally from this lovely plaoe. (Chearo and laughter.) It was well that the people of Kiama should be told that if there are any spirits about they are fairies, not Fenians, and that the worst spirit that can possibly visit them is the one who will actuate them to suspect their neighbours, to hate their fellow-citizens, and to play by childish terrors and appre hensions into the hands of political spiritualists who have made the study of spiritual or psychic phenomena (to ; borrow the jargon of the sect) an intellectual re creation which may be profitably com bined with a study of the electoral lists. But after all this laughter, it is difficult to divest ourselves, as citizens, of a senti timent of shame and humiliation about the whole of this melancholy business. When we remember the infamous suspi cions of the time, the insolence of every grovelling bigot who saw official favour increased pay and promotion in the culti vation and dinplay of intolerable bigotry, one is come what ashamed of the small in telligence and fairness of the community. With the leading oi'gans of public opinion silent, with a cowardly Legislature, and with tens of thousands of ignorant people in a state of terror, it was little short of a miracle that we passed through so terrible an ordeal without any other harm than the infliction of bitter insulto, which re mained unresented. 