The old English proverb ridiculing ebsurdly false'' reasoning, which affirmed Tenterden Steeple to. be the cahse of the Godwin Sands, has lost noDe of ife paint, even in these dayB of noiycreal enlightenment. f The long-headed country people oh the coast of Kent were quite peranaded of the Connec tion between the. two. objects ; for when ever the Sands became unusual); visible on a favorable day, they . store Also always able to discern the Steeple very clearly. Besides, if the Steeple was -not the Canse of the Sands, what else on earth coold be? Specimens of similarly poweiiallofcic be picked ont of the leading columns of certain Victorian free-trade orgahs aliRost any day in the vreek.. For example, in the state of Pennsylvania thdre is St present a considerable amount of poverty, and there Is likewise a protective tariif fn-operatioo. Does ;not t£e dullest reader perceive at a glance that, this being so, protection is.the cause of the poverty:in Pennsylvania? Snch isoneof the dioicest specimens -offree-trade reasoning with which the public jhasjately been favored. One might well imagine, upon reading the article of which it forms the harden, "that, Fluellen himself; was the writer. ' " Maoedon and Monmontb both begin with an M, and there is a river in both." Similarly, Protection and Poverty bdth ' begin with k P : :«ryo,"the Erst muBt be the cause of the "Second! Against" "such argaihe'tits, what position could be maintained ? Is it not as silenc ing as the "aasertioir that Tetaterflenafe&ple; most be the cause of the Godwin Samta ? . The advocates of "-reasonable protection to native industry may just 'as well give up their case at once,' and acknowledge' "them - selves utterly beaten and vanquished; ' ''Aye they fiotsmitten hipanii tfiigh with. Perin- sylvanian poverty and protection.? !' , We can fancy to ourselves - the hearty laugh of any intelligeut Pennaylvaniau upon reading the dismal -rubbish - we are quoting. At this precise moment there is ope city within the English - speaking portion of the habitable globe- which presents to the eyes of all beholders each a spectacle of enterprise; prosperity" wealth, 'and energetic industry, astbe wofld never "before saw ex celled,. £be spectacle is,, in fact, unlgpe. .The 'newspapers all oye "the jearih' ' are speaking of it with admiralkm'and. wonder. In America they are almost entirely filled with this one subject. Now, thatcih' .f unparalleled prosperit) is the capital of 'toe State of ' Penhsylyanr '. -tiwHoan- "tenhial Exhibition is bel bfeld. ' By 'that matchless un dertaldngi Piffiadelphia has not alone placed itself .in the. same rank with Lobdoh,Paris; ' and tfie oti'ergneatcapitals of Europe, but it baa made itself, for the time, the metropolis of .the civilised -world's ihdnrtnal fenteri>riisel JWhaV would be said j to the man whoj' surveying the tvonders of ; that magnificent Exhibition, 'would undertake to tell the Philadelphia's that what he wit- nessed only convincedlBim that their indus- : trial energies were paralysed by an irra- tioual.fiscal system, that their -commeqoo was languishing, their trade decaying, their' work people unemployed, and the popula tion of their BUtte Jf as tjdtjvqg into pauper ism? Would he not be simply passed by as the unhappy subject of a harmless craze ? Would any rational human Jbeing dramjjpr a moment of aigniqg seriously with him?. And if he were to put his absurdities into print, would not every casual reader of them charitably suppose that rthpima jpna beot 'bn" a mild joke " fif " the ' brciaiJefct Actemus Ward type ? " If there be any virtue in protection, Pennsylvania ought to be pre-emiaentiy . juoBperous," argue the wiseacres. Then, of conrae, ell that bound, less and superb display of the products of industry gathered within the wondrous Exhi bition is dear evjdenceof poverty and decay! And those tens of thousands of respectable, energetic, opulent people who daily crowd ts mile-long courts are, for the moat"parfc> paupers and"" vagrants ! Our readers wi)l agree with us, we think, that arguments of this kind quite throw the illustrations drawn from the Tenterden Steeple and the Godwin Sands, and from Macedon and Monmouth, into the'shade/ To quote the 'Penhsyl vania" of Saptember, 1876, as ..a -shocking example of "poverty, is" aboht equal to quoting thfe ' Rgth&ghim;>6 of tbe=period asepedmene of a beggared rfatmly, ; London asa melan choly instance of BTuined and-deserted dty- or this present colony of Victoria as a Bad warning against the evils accruing to the world from abundance of land, wool, and gold. ; But leaving the wiseacres and their topsy turvy logic all by themselves, let us devote a few lines of space to enquiring into the causes of the temporary outbreaks of poverty even in prosperous countries. Now, it is undeniable that in America generally, there is si ways a considerable amount of- destitu tion and vagrancy even in the most pros perous times. It is even possible that, at the present moment, amongst the three millions and a half of the Pennsylvanian population there may be, as alleged, 170,000 "vagrants. But what then? .-Riches and poverty have always co-existed, like heat land cold, motion and rest, and there is no reason to doubt that they always will. The 'thousand chances and accidents of life, to iwhich all alike are—subject, are honriy jcreating diversities of conditions in every isociety- In such a country as America, more especially, the continuous influx of a 'mass of poor immigrants from ail parts of jthS ; wdfld is of itself isnffidect' to keep jnp a standing army (so to speak) of paopers in the country. But the bulk of this pauperism is fluent, and is constantly following the direction in which it is most likely to find charitable relief. Now what are the facts aa to Pennsylvania ? Why, that for some years back it has enjoyed an unusual degree oof - prosperity;, commerce has been- active, trade busy, employment abundant, and .wages good. The. natural consequence, is that the roving mass of vagrancy has turned thither in hopes of finding, if not honest Work, at Iea .generpus;he>lp. , 58us.is.Jhe jsole cause of the temporary increase of pauperism "in; the -State."1 Wheresoever the -carcase is -=the proverb is fatbertrite. So far, ;theii, from' being any evidence of its decaying1 "prosperity, 'the icflnx of vagrants into the State proves -the existence bf the precisely opposite state of things. It is not the Pennsylvanian people theni: , selves that are losing their 'employ meiit and' means of livelihood.. Neither, trade, nor Commerce, nor industry, is stagnant Offionet them. Bat they are open to the incursions pf paupers from without, just as tire door bf a liberal wealthy man is a good mark jfor all the poor and distreBsed:specimeM'-J'! humanity to C$H at, .That is the whole mystery. The fads have no. - deeper sig nificance. The explanation bf them lies upon the snrface. And the attempt to reason from the fiscal system of Pennsylvania downwards to. its temporary influx of vagrants, may' safely " be' left 'to those FluelleUS of the fre™ press who can trace the -logical connection between two things even more widely apart, in the' prj. cess of causation, than Monmouth, Macedon, or the Tenterden Steje an(j Godwin Sands, ._ The derision given by Mr Gaunt, in the Sevastopol Police Coprtyon Thursday last, shows that there is a very big screw loose in onr arrangements with reference to the State forests. Six persons were charged by the 'districPtengei- with--cntting " down trees ..below the Regulated thickness, bnt, .before the charge was enquired Into, Mr Gaunt asked Mr, Hale, the ranger, under what authority the proceedings were insti tuted. - Mr HALE rtplied, under a' procla mation by the Gbverhor-in-Coniicil ; where upon Mr Gaunt said that, although the Governor-in-Conocil could forbid a certain tbing being done, he could not pTOVidb a penalfyj andj Ua the Xiegiriature b|id sot supplied the latter requirement -in this : instance, tike prosecution conld not stand. 'The cases were accordingly dismissed, and the defendants left tl»; court, aery. -much' Surprised, . no doubt, at the torn the proceeding had taken.' The Government will certainly have to lookioto this matter at once, and mike good the defiriency. It will be impossible to protect tbe young growths frqpi destrnction, if the law. is as incomplete as Mr Gaunt has'ftllf iiiS we ha ve nodoqbt whate ver that Mt-Gacnt is right, because his decisions .are, not often impugned,, .api still hgp raily reversed. As matters Btand, "ail" the young trees would -jippear to beat. the mercy of any individual, orparty of men, who 'riioose to cut them down ; and the Forest Boards and their officers are powerless to prevent, these acts of vandalism; because, although the Gdvernor-in'Oounral has 'forbidden such timber to be touched, no penalty can be imposed for its removal. This is a great defect in the law, and it behoves the Go vernment to rectify it without dehjP-?5- It wffi be. seen by a tvlegram which Appears elsewhere that several members of tbe Opposition were oifhnsisticalljt leted at Bushwortb last night. Over 400 persons attended the banquet and soiree, and a crowded public meeting followed, the ball bang ctammed. virile members who were present were the Hon. Graham Berry, the Hon. F. Lalor, the Hon, F. Longmore, . Major Smith, and Mr Gaimson. W) hear that' in the Amending HegulationB and Inspectiohur' Mines Bill, a 'clause -will Ue intro- dwrad knafcing statutory managers responsible for mining accidents only in their official capacity. The damages given by the courts will fall upon tee plants and other assets of . the compangs. e'-yjiv- A Chinaman, named Chin Eye, was arrested yesterday morniotr. at the Chinese Gapip, oa a charge of .allowing disordly characters to as- eemble in nis house.. It appears" the .police were looking- for "a Woman who'for 'some time"past baa been oohabiUng witb the prisoner-end -believing that she was in his house, they knocked for ad mittance. Aa no answer was received tbey com menced to break in the JpoTtpUKm which prisoner made hit appearance in a "nolle state. . On searching tbe home a little eirl, aged eleven or - twelve yekri,' was fonnd 'Ieropchod behind a bed,-and : freizi. what' she: said it would .ippeartbat.the Cfonanumdiad decoyed .er into bis bdnae and cotnmitted'a capital offence epon ner. A secifnd chaigdfcfr -tins' onca was ac cordingly entra-ed ageinSt aha prisoner. 'Tbe girl, who is named Huge, was also lodged in the Town lock-np, charged with being a neglected child. Both prisoners will bgjggnght before the' Town Police Court this morning, and probably be re manded until Monday, 1 A report has reached ns that there are over! 2000 elieep running , between Little Bendigq and ; .Dead Horse which' aie seriously affected with scab. ' fhe BcV. fit C. E'tfortii (says diillhnr Fx- . press) has been appointed to the -rdl vgn' td -'All Saints' Church, BaUarat. j The following, ja a roPIt-Of titv JWl'ialmdi bail been introduced in the Legislative Assembly bjr Mr Purres and rite Horn J. Bamsay, " to prtrride redress for wbrds --(itnpntuig'- anriiasti ty to a female": — "An action may be maintained by aj female, whether married or single, to recover damogeefor .words-hereafter spoken imputing «n-j chartity to btr,<Mid1it kbill not 'be necessary tq allege or prove special dsmages in order to mHn- tuip such qtiotL . Aotfops a married. woman may sne albne, add'ahy recovery therein shall be her sole and separate property." Tbe City Council, at the.reqneat nf .Itenprn-, mittecof management, tasaplasufwIuiSilayoifand city clerk to act as honorary members of the Vic torian Shipwreck Relief Society. These gentle men .make an earnest appeal for aid this morning In onr advertising crdomns, and' it is much to be hoped that they" will meet with a liberal response, because funds ate greatly required by the society to are rise extreme cases of ditfaess that have been earned by. the recent disasters ring the AuStrahan smssf. '31ie Dandenoug disaster is aktrong case- in "point, though it is not the only one tiiat hisronsed the sympathies of the society named. The mSyWand City clerk will receive subscriptions at the City Hall, and it is to he hoped that the amounts sent in will be in proportion to -the requirements, and creditable to the whole community of Ballaxat. We ire glad lo be able to report that the Town. Council is in a good financial position. The mayor, ip Ins report read at the council meeting .- last night, alluded to the fact, and matters became more apparent when a little later :on.lhe treasurer reported that lie had -received for . the fortnight £1012 0s 2d, at which- 3E77ir-14»'6d was Govern ment subsidy. Councillors were, of coursp, jubilant," at this satisfoctolystite' of affaire, and looked forward to undertaking public frorks daring the coming year which are urgently required. . A report .of - the. proceedings , of the council will be found in another column. ' A heavy penalty was inflicted by the (Sty bench yesterday upon David -Thomas, -for allowing his yard to be in a very dirty -condition. Defendant pad been fined twice before for the same offence, and their worships were accordingly of opinion that it would require a heavy fine tomeet the circum stances ' of the case. Defendant was therefore ordered to pay. £5, with 26s costs. , ! At the sitting of the City Police Court yester day, a groom named William Hassell was diaijged with stealing a mare, valued at £40, the property of Thomas Wilson, horse-trainer, residing at Minerarest, The mare was .taken from ,a paddock near the racecourse on tlie 4th ultimo, and disposed bf by prisoner toayonng.man. named . Markillie, In whose possession the horse was found by Con stable Gardiner, who arrested prisoner on the fol lowing day in a brothel' in BaUarat West. Pri soner while in the dock made no statement, and was committed to take his triaLat the next Court' bf General Sessions, to be held in December. The local board of health met after the meeting of the. Town Council yesterday' evening. The matter of the 'balance of £5 doe to Dr B trace was' ordered to be -taken; into -consideration by the council: — Dr Badcliffe was- formally- appointed officer of. health under seaL -The £S-due to Dr Bnnce was subsequently referred to the mayor and Councillors Josephs and Russell, to finally deal With. Dr Badcliffe, who was present, reported that. the health of the town had considerably im proved, and that scarlet fever had greatly abated. The meeting then terminated.' \- We have received a copy of the prize list for the spring show of the Smeaton, Spring Hill, and Bul- larook Agricultural Association, which will be held on Thursday and Friday, the 16th and 17th of next month, at Smeaton. - James Moloney, a lad apparently about fifteen years of age, pleaded, guilty, at tbe City Police Court, yesterday, to tb'e charge of entering the. dwelling-place of David Miller, at' Bungaree, and stealing therefrom a.double-barrelled gnn, a horse- pbtol, a Xlrnote, and some other articles, on the 18th ultimo. -The robbdry. was committed injpbm- pany with an other boy. Prisoner was- remanded ! to tbe Bungaree police court, where lie will ap pear on the 11th instnnt. ConatablejParsons last, night arrested the second youth who -is said to have been concerned in the robbery. " The accused gave his name' as Cnmmins,' and he will be - brought | before the Town Court to-day, find 'also remanded t(» Bungaree. , ' The require an. owner for a light draught light bay mare, heavj foal,blaee face, bind legs white, black points, cart. Jsnu saddle' marked, branded H onthe bear elwnlder. Ihe psare ws found in tbe possession of . William_ Hassell, who has been committed to take his trial at tbe next" General Sessions for horec-Stealiog. - - I A revival gathering of the artisans connected with tbe Fhoeoix Foundry "was held last evening in their schoolroom, at which -a large number attended, Mr Hugh Bod occupied the chair, and delivered an address, urging the yonnger members to lose ne opportunity of acqttiripg knowledge be longing to their business, for their instructors were gentlemen who are wsQ qualified to impart infor mation. Sotigs and reritMions were given by Messrs Thompson, Willli, Morgan, Jenkins, Miliar, Carnegie, and others. If tbe students display the same ability in mechanical as they do in musical aod literary matters, they will be en abled to take their part in the world with very great credit to themselves and friends. The Victoria street toll-gafe was yesterday offered by auction by Mr H. I. White, bnt the biddings were by no means spirited, and did not reach the restive ; the representatives of tbe local bodies interested therefore to decided to keep the' gate, to be leased, or a man to be placed in posses sion to collect the tolls. The bidding yesterday iwas up to £150 per month. The inaugural match of the City Cricket Clnb, which was postponed last Saturday on account of 'the weather, will be played to-day, weather per mitting. The match will be between the first eleven and all comers, and will commence at half- ,past two pun. Mr W: Neale Lansley, of-Lydinrd- street, has .just finished the handsomest production in the shape of an address which has yet been brought under onr notice. It is intended for presentation ;to Mr Robert Clark, J.P., president of the Wim- merathire Conncil, end is nea tly engrossed, hand somely bordered, and elegantly lflnminated. A 'sketch of tbe shire ball, wBch is in ceorse of erection, appears at the top, and a small photo graph of Mr Clark fills "the hollow . of tbe letter T which commences the address. The whole pro- | daction does great credit toMr Lansley, and will ' no donbt give much satisfaction to Mr Clark. The Town Council and the Bungareeshire Coun cil invite tenders this morning' foV leasing the . Humffray street "toll-gate with fhe Cemetery gate and its bar as a'-check-gate, and for leasing the Humffray street gate alone, assuming that the collection .of tolls at the Cemetery gate ceases. Particulars can be obtained at -the town clerk's office, Ballarat Esst. where tenders will be received up to one p.m, uf Monday, the 30th instant. It is announced that a band will. be in attend ance at tbe gathering of the BaUarat Skating Club this evening. ...: - The BaUarat Cricket Club will open tbe season to-day by playing. a match on the Eastern Oral, Married v Single. There is an excellent wicket, and as the season is expected to be a busy one, some good playing is anticipated. Oar advertising columns announce that Mr A. Oliver has returned to Bdhitt,«st resumed the watchmaking and jewellery business, at No. 17 Bridge street. The following is ihe notice-paper for the general meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee next Tuesday evening r — House committee's report; report of sub-committee on the. admission of one child named Anstis (referred to Messrs Long and Roff) ; report raf sub-committee, on new rules ; payment of last ' month's accounts ; general busi ness ; fresh applications. Mr Corrie Johnston'.will preach his last sermon in the Alfred Hull to-morrow evening, at fifteen minutes past eight o'clock. There will be the usual Town Mission enter tainment to-night.' The Rer. Mr Leslie and a number of well-known singers are to be present. Mr J. Russell, J-P„ will take the chair. The ad mission is free. - - - - The Government invite tenders this morning for punter's work and repairs to Venetian Minds at the Office qt Lauds and Siuvev," Ballarat. "Parti culars wilTbe found iq.our..adverlising" columns,' A meeting of ratepayers interested in the erec tion of a Statc-scbooi'at Wendouree was held last tfight in "the Wesleyan sdroolkaom) "HMeasaht street-"- Mr '.Lohgley:«ccndS3 vthel cbaltt-r'lMr Comrie y»£ eleoted jStfxgetayy. jUx Macgosran, who was present at the mreting, stated that the school boaid of adfire Nad' Aeen requested to chooee a site for thlwrection'of a scttool: This hhd been done,, and thb site-'sras approved of bjr the Government. A Wolimi was then carried to the' effect tbat a dejiutattoh Srait opbn -the School board' of ndvice, aslring thera ta nrge upon the Government the erectioq of a school at once, and that while the school was tbeing erectcd a stioel- mastqr -be appointed to jiare charge.of the build ing. -The meeting thea;-ek>eed wfihia vote at thanks to Mr Msegowan and the chairman. - . Mrv3ilt6n, :Bgen| for Bsinef's ;drtrt>ma Ifif the jsencap Wtr, has hit npop tie 'andtrgqr in- genions mode of advertising. By. tbeaid of apiece of soap he tdererly produces on the windows and looking- glasses of the various hotels, -&c; artia- tically axecnted lettering which tells all that is needed about the diorama, and. attracts obterva- - tion because of its originality. The ornamentation . is so well done, torn tiiaVat first dance it is mis taken for erabresed-'orfrostbd glastwoik. " '"Tlie HCr. ilordedi Maedonaldj'Istelr' arrived . from "Sco dsn ci.an d how settled' In' the 'Trashy to- xianGharch,Tooiak, anUproLdi thAannireoaiy sermons is St- Jcboji Presbyterian Chnrcb, Peel street, to-morrow, morning«nd>erening. , .. The Age states thnt'the twp leading actors |n the' fiQcfls at the Melbourne "Club WereGaptain Standish and Captitin Maoiell. It seems mat Captain StmMrininiclAy apme action of bis! opPSnrSkedSmppered brute,' Olid always were," at wlihffiCiptain MacbelL -look_nmbragB._tin9_Capialn EtahdWi then with4 dreartbe remark. The ctorm was for a whUelllnis quieted;' btit -'Gsptaih- MacheU did DUt appekr-'to have been retisfied, -and bhe yekt mornlng hCre- paired to the breakfnst-TOoftfiftBreGap&ici-Stan-;" dish was conversing with some of his friends, and demanded on apology. This Captain Standish rehired, as he -thought he had made ample amends for any discourteous expression ho might have made use of; and Captain Macheli then drew a riding- whip from behind his bath, arid struck him violently across the face. Not content with he continued to strike at him, and Captain Stan dish thereupon seized a large pair of tongs need for placing billets of wood upon the fire, andas pre paring to defend himself, when some mutual friends interfered and prevented farther mischief. If they had not done so, there is no knowing what might have been the res alt. As it is, Captain Standish is co much injured as to be confined to his room. The committee" of the club were on Thursday engagedin .ihvestSgiriing the matter, and there is very little doubt bnt "that one of the com batants, if not both, will be obliged to sever -con nection with the .dub. The thanks of the ' community (remarks .Jbe Maryborough Advertiser ) are doe to Councillor Taylor for a proposition made to theshire council, on Thursday, viz., that the BaUarat City Council be appUed to for a supply of perch ova, for the purpose of stocking the waters of the district. Councillor Taylor stated that.he had reason to.her. Here therequestwohld be acceded to by the Bal- larat Council, and tbe council agreed to solicit tbe favor. It is rumored (says the Ovens and Murrrag Ad -. eerttser) that Mr P. Hanna, tired of party strife in the Lower House, will seek-sechision-in the Upper Chamber, by offering himself as a candidate for the Eastern Province. One of the sufferers by the accident on- Wednes day night in the Crown Cross No. 2 claim, suc cumbed (says tbe Pleasant Creek Mews') to the in- i'uries received on Thursday morning, in the Pleasant Creek Hospital. John Williams, the de ceased, was a- nativeiof Penrhyn, Merionethshire, and about forty-seven years old. Williams was one of the early pioneers of Pleasant Creek, and had been absent for a number of yeais at Sandy Creek, Sebastopol, and other diggings, but had re turned toStawoll about, three months "ago.' De ceased was single, "ana is tiot-bellerbdlto have had anvretatiops in the colony. The other sufferer, John Sergeant, is progressing as favorably as could be expected, and is likely to recover. The .finance -Commit tee. of the Filzxoy Town- Cotmcil Me diligently engaged day .after day. (says- theylye)'Ih the Investigation of the town accounts', for the purpose of testing the balance of the late town clerk. The utmost retiopiyci' nuriniMiwl however, as to what may have been discovered, as ihe finance committee hold that they are bound to . report 'to the council before they aUowthe remit of their investigations to transpire. It seems that no less thnn seventeen widows and thirty -one childrenbave been left unprovided for in Victoria through the late marine disasters around this coast. The Shipwreck Relief Society has taken up thfi matter, and will do its best to relieve these unfortunate human beings. At a meeting of the society held on Wednesday," the following additional contributions were reported: — For the society, £111 Us 7d ; for the Dandenong : fund, £565 16s 6d ; for Mrs Irwin (the widow of' the late captain of the Dandenong), £102 2s 63, making the total subscriptions at present available as follows Specially for the Dandenobg sufferers, £S7$ l$a4d; for. Hie Shipwreck Relief Society, £777 Is Id ; specially for Mrs Irwin, £102 2s 6d — total, £1755 ISs. lid. In Sydney about £100 have been collected for the suffevets by the Dandenong: The Melbourne correspondent of the Mary borough Advertiser teams from a private source that there is just a possibility of the celebrated Pere Hyaeiotije visiting 'Melbourne. It is also confidently stated in soma circles that (he Rev. Henry. Ward Baecher intends to take a trip to Abe- colonies 'shortly, and it is believed to be a certainty that he will come out. The Creswick Advertiser hears that the Hon. Mr praser has not abandoned the idea of testing the validity of the late election for the North-Western Province. A telegram in last night's Bertdd statestbat the: constables who are charged with the murder of Father Healey have been let out on bail, the case having been postponed, of only £10 each, A meeting of tbe Teacher' Association will be aeid at St&te;»schooi Ko. 33, this afternoon, at half- past two o'clock. Mr Arthur FatchcU Martin, bon. secretary of the Melbfvrnt Rede w, is announced to be en gaged on a work irhicb, irben published, should command an extensive circulation. The title is to be " The Sweet Girl Graduate — a story of Melbourne life;" And as Mr Martin possesses considerable literary ability, a really interesting tale may be safely promised. The publishers will-be Messrs «f. and A. M'Cmley, proprietors of MeUfourne Punch ; and tlie new work will be sold at Is a copy. The new gold outbreak on the West Coast of New Zealand has already (says the Berald) made serious havoc among our mining population, and on Friday afternoon tlie steamship ALhambra took away no less number than 100 mioere far Bokitika, the nearest seaport to the scene of the goldfields. A large diamond snake, 5 feet long, fonni Its way into Elizabeth street; Melbourne, yesterday, and was speedily despatched out of existence. On being opened,li was found to coainno lees than ten young.onea. . 5 , Numerous actions against the steamship Barra- bool-for roDBiBg down tbe Queensland, are ou the list (Bays the Herald) "for the next jury sittings of the Supreme Court.' .The Eastern and Australian Mail Steamship Company, owners of the Queens- laud, sue for £7339, -as already, published, and Captain Craig, of the Queensland, snep for £1000. In addition to these, the following notions .ere. entered againsMhe Bambool byofihsrs and petty officers of the Queensland?— -John TattereonoUef .officer, £200? DrPettfeieir, £300$ L;N.Northeyt -£250 Dopgal MColI, .£200 ; Walter X192 ;19s| Fergus Cameron, £130; THmcah Htfberson, |£120. Tbe "loss of lata " is geoecal tferm for the damages sostamed. The Sydpey authorities (writes the Herald) are eridently _ alire. io Ufe importaoe of gMng tbe population a chance to get out into the country. Arrangements hare been made for special excur sion trains, lea ring Sydney on Saturday morning- far the Blue Mountains', and returning oii Monday morning, in time for passengers to rea<& Sydney on Monday morning at nine o'clock. Xhejates hare been fixed upon the Tery 'moderate Scale of1 2d pernile fint><dass, Id per mile second class, for the. double journey. - - . The following description of a visit to OotAtowm is taken from a letter received by a gentlemap In Melbourne, hem a party who haq-had enough .pf . the diggings " A . stranger . upacqnainB pith tbe many mTseriee of Cooktown, Coming suddenly from . the most, populated -part of the— diggings, would think, that- the day of i resurrection bed arrived, 'all tbe' mien .looking so ghost-like a&d; supernatural. , You puuot find a mid dte -condi tioned man oh the diggings, all being sb Udn that their bones actually. protrude Jthrough their skin ; in . fact, although I tiifve bi m the . army rand almost every country in tW '. world, . I never 'came acrioss snch vretdmd-IooluDg people, nor ever lived in such a wretched country as ihaf north of Queensland. . - The Glasgow Herald' publishes ihe following simple remedy for curing burns. It was suggested by Lord Ebuty. ' Tbe -common whiting bf coin: merce, reduced hy cold water to the thickness bf cream, is to be spread on a light linen ng, and the whole burnt aurfaoe instantly, covered, -and Abua excluded from the air. The ease it affords is in stantaneous, audit only requires to be kept moist by subsequent occasional sprinklings of add water to prove en effectual enre. ' " - ' IhgdditioQ to tbe' .attractions of the iocama of tlie 'American War, at the MecbanicaInstiSitc, last nht, Mr Bjttiy Stanley leased tbe audiencc i by, giving m local song, contaming -.soniE capital hitt wjrfijold vrell," and were loudly applauded. Ttie principal gift of the evening, ahandsome clock, foli to Mr Tweedie. There will be an afternoon exhibition to-ihiy for schools and famines, to which Mr Bainer hae kmdly invited all tlie bid people of the Benevolent Asylum, who desire us tqhset him on their behalf for the invitation. This ee&r; ing, iBjadditihnto the nsnM gifla,' viittdtarwill re- ceire the following useful .hoosdiold arlides : — A live pig, a pur of dncks, bog of flour, a pair of fowts,a aadevif -potatoes, a ieg of -poric; -tes, -sugar, &C.; On Monday (the last night) will be given away, free, all the remaining stock of presents, in cluding a splendid gold watch. The levees of Chookiczee, the giant, continue to be well attended 13 Bridge street, and am donbt a vmy targe camber will wait, upon the usat Cdestial visitor Joday. . V. ' 