TIHE NOVELIST. KENTUQKY'tS. GHOST. (BY TIE AUTIIOR o " GATES AJAR." ou sof{Cdtrv'Costinued.) Well, things went along just about so with us till w6' ndared the Cape. It's not a pretty place, the Cape, on a winter's voyage. I can't say as I ever was scar't after the firsttime rounding it, but it's not a pretty place. I doent se to remember much about Kent along dhere till there come a Friday at the first of December.. It was a still day, with a little haze, like white sagd.sifted across a sun-beam on s kitchen table. The land was quiet like dl'l ?;, chsling me about with his eyes. "Sick?" says I. "No," says he. " Whitmarash drunk?" says I. i To" s?.?s he . tl ?ei i.fer' dark I was lying on a coil of ropes, napping it. The boys were havig'thbe! Bay. of Bisany quite lively, and I waked up on the jump in the choruises. Kent came up while they were telling "How sheo lay Ij'On thlt day,; In lIlheay'ot Bier 0 1" He was not singing. He sat down btka. n.c...,s~u..., first I thought I wouldn't trouble myself' about him, and then I thought I would. .So.I ?pens one eye at him en d3utaging. " Ile crawls up a little cleaer- to?te.; It was rather dark iore bs.?at,- with a great groenist, sl?dei dropping from the mainsail. TL'*ind ` asup a little, and thelight at ihelplook '?ilckery and red. ' J4?e," isai lie all at once, "'where's youeýernthel, I, •ý .-"lstlavenl" says' I, all" taken ibk sad :if.even I came nigh what jotm might call U . little, disrespect to lýsate,, was on that occasion, so aback. ' said be. " Got any women qt heb?ho?ythab4 would miss you?" I, " ldnt awondor." that heosits still a little with 1 eiYbows on his kniees; thln'he speers at ue sldewise a! while; then said Ihe, "' I s'pse I've got 6 mother to home. Iran sa.*from, her." S;Thl, 'tls4 you, was the first time 'e oha ver, spoke about his folks since Itqdeaueieabeird. I . 8i' ESe WM. asleep down inlthe south chamber'I got out of the window. ThIsr was oeo white shirt sho'd indao formoetln' -and- such. - I'vo. never worn it out here. I hadn't the heart. Ib.lhasia?cillar uand some cuffs, you know. She hadL headache maklugof it. She's been follering me round all \- day, a sowing on that shirt. When I come in she would look up bright-like and snmiling. Father's dead. There ain't nobody hut me. All day long she's been follering of. me round." So he gets up an joins the lads, and tries to sing a little; but he comes back very still and sits down.. We could see the flickery light upon the boys' faces, and on the rigging, and on the cap'n, who was damning the bo'sen a little aft. "Jake," says he, quite low, . look here. I've been thinking. Do you reckon there's a chap here-just one, perhaps-who's said his prayers since he;came aboard?" :' No/" said I, quite short: for I'd have bet my head on it. I can remetnber, as if it was this morning,just how the question sounded, and tile answer. .I can't seem to put it into words how it came all over me. The wind was turning brisk, and we'd just eased her with a few reefs; Bob Smart, out furling the flylug jib, got soaked; me and the boy sitting silent, were spattered. I remember watching the curve of the .great swells, ma hogany colour, with the tip of white, and thinking how like it was to a big creature hissing and foaming at the mouth, and think all at once something tabout --Him holding of the sea in-. a balance, and not a word bespoke to: beg His favour respectful since we weighed our anchor, and the: capn ryonder'calling: on Him just that minute to send the Madonna to the bottom, if the bo'son hadn't dis obeyed his orders about the squaring of the after-yards. " From his Affecshunate mother who prays, For you evry day, Amen," whispers - Keontcky, presently, veryl soft, " The book's tore up. Mr. Whit marsh 'wadded his old gun' with it. But I remember." Then said he : "It's 'most bedtime to' home. She's setting in a little rocking.chair,-a green one. There's a fire, and the dog. She sets all by herself." Then he begins again : "She had to bring In her own wood now. There's a gray ribbon on her cap. When sthe goes to meetin' she wears a gray bonnet. She's drawed the curtains and the door is locked. But she thinks I I'll be coming home sorry some day' I'm sure she thinks I'll be coming home sorry." . Just then there comes the order, "Port watch alloy I Tumble up there lively I" so I turns out, and the lad turns in, and the night settles down a little black, and my hands and head are full. - Next day it blows 'a clean, all but a bank of gray, very thin and still, -about the size of that cloud you see through the side window, Tom,- i which lay just abeam of us. The sea, I thought, looked like a great purple pincushion, with, a mast or two stuck in on the horizon for the pins.' " Jake's poetry," the boys said t that was. By noon that little gray bank had grown up thick, like a wall. By'sun. ] down tihe cap'n let his liquor alone, and kept the deck. By night we were in chop-seas, with a very ugly wind. "Steer small, there!" cries Whit marsh, growing hot about the face, for we made a terrible crooked wakes with a broad sheer, and the old hull I strained heavily,-" steer small there, t I tell youl Mind your eye now, t McCallum, with your foresaill Furl the royals! Send down the royalsl Cheerily,'menh Where's that lubber Kent? Up with you, lively nowl" Kentucky sprang for'ard at the order then stopped short. Anybody as knows a royal from an ancllor wouldn't have blamed the lad. I'll take oath to't it's no play for an old tar, stout and full in size, sending' down the 'royals in a gale like that; lot alone a boy of flftcoeen years on hie first voyage. But the mate takes to swearing (it would have turned a parson faint to hear him), and Kent shoots away up, -the great mast swinging like a pen dulum to and fro, and the roof-points I snapping, and the blocks creaking, and the sails flapping to that extent as you wouldn't consider possible unless you'd ' been before the mast yourself. It re minded me of evil birds I've read of, I that stun a man with their wings; I strike you to the bottom, Tom, before you could say Jack Robinson, . Kent stuck bravely as far as the cross.trees. ' There he' slipped and struggled and clung in the dark and noise a while, thlencomcs'sllding down 4 the back-stay. i "I'm not af'ald, sir," says he; ' but I cannot do it." - ' SFor answer Whitmareh takes:to the rope's.and. So.Kentucky is up again, and slips and 'struggles and clings again, and thlen lays down again. -At this the men begin to grumble a little low. ' \- "Will you kill the lad ?" said :I. .I get a blow for my pains, that sends Mle offlmy feet none too easy; and when I rub the stars'out of my eyes the boy Is I up again, and tile mate behind him with tllerope. Whitmarsh stopped when heo'd gone far enough. Tile lad climbed on. Once he looked back. iHe never opened hls lips a; hcjustlookedback. IfI'veseen him onca since, iu my thinkinlg, I've seen himn twenty timss,-up in tihe shadow of thire great gray wings, a looking hack. After that there was only. a cry, and a splash, and thire Madonua rroing along with thie gale twelve knIuots. If it hand been tho whole crow overboard, she could never have stopped for them that night. " Well," said tile cap'n, "you've done it now." Whitmarsh turns his back.. By and by;. when the wind fell, and the hurry was over, and I had the time to think a steady thought, being in the morning watch, I seemed to see the old lady in the gray bonnet setting by the fire. And the dog. And the green rocking-chair. And the front door, with' the boy walking 'in eon a sunny afternoon to take her by sur prise. Then I remember leaning over to look down, and wondqring, if the lad were thinking of it too, and what had happened to him now, these two hours back, and just about where lie was, and how he liked his now quarters, and many other strange and curious things. And while I sat there thinking, the Sunday-morning stare cut through tihe the clouds, sliand the solemn Sunday morning light began-to break ipdn the sea. We had a quiet run of it, after that, into port, where we lay about a couple of months or so, trading off for a fair stock of palm-oil, ivory, and hides. The days were hot and purple and still. We hadn't what you might call a blow, if I recollect accurate, till we rounded tihe Cape again heading for home. We were rounding that Cape again, heading for home, when that happened which, you may believe me or not, as you take the notion, Tom-though why a man who can swallow Daniel and the lion's den, or take down t' other chap who lived three days com fortable into the inside of a.whale, should make faces at what I've got to tell I can't see. It was just about the spot that we lost the boy that we fell upon the worst gale of the trip. It struck .us sudden. Whitmarsh was a little high. He wasn't apt to be drunk in a gale, if it gave him warning sufficient. Well, you see, there must be some body to furl tile mainroyal again, and lie pitchedontoMcCallum. McCallum hadn't his beat for fighting out the royal in a blow. So he piled away lively, up to the to'.sail yard. There,.all of a sudden, lie stopped. Next we knew he was down like heat-lightning. His face had gone very white. "What's to pay with &ouP;" roared Whitmarsh. S?aid McCallum, " There's somebody up there sir." Screamed Whitmarsh, "You're gone an idiot!" Said McCallum, very quiet and dis tinct : "There's somebody up there, sir. I saw him quite plain. He saw me. I called up. He called down, says he, Don't you come up!' and hang me if I'll stir a step for you or any other man to-night." I never saw tile face of any man alive go the turn that mate's face went. If he wouldn't have relished knocking the Scotohman dead before his eyes, i've lost my guess. Can'tsay.what he would have done to the old fellow, if there'd been any time to lose. He'd the sense left to see there wasn't overmuch, so he orders out Bob Smart direct. Bob goes up steady, with a quid in liae cheek and a cool eye. Half-way amid to'.sail and to'gallant lie stops, and down lihe comes, spinning. "fBe drowned if there ain't I" said lie. "IHe's sitting square upon tile yard. I never see the boy Kentucky, if lie isn't sitting on thatyard. ' Don't you come up I' he cries out,-' don't you come up I'" " Bob's drunk, and McCallum's a fool I" said Jim Welch, standing by. So Welch volunteers up, and takes Jaloffe with him. They wore a couple of the coolest hands aboard - Welch and Jaloffe. So up they goes, and down they comes like the rest, by the back stays, by the run. "IHe beckoned of me back I says Welch. " He hollered not to come up ! not to come up I" After that there wasn't a man of us would stir aloft, not for love nor money. Well, Wihitmarsh he stamped, andi Ine swore, and he knocked us about furious; but we sat and looked at one anothor's eyes, and never stirred. Something cold, like 'b frost-bite; seemed to crawl along from man to inn, looking into one another's eyes. ." I'll shame ye all, then, for a set of cowardly lubbers I" cries the mate; and what with the anger, and tie drink lihe was as good as his word, and up the ratlines in a twlnkle: ' In a flash we were after him,-ho was ouiir officer, you see, and we felt ashamed,--mo at the head, and the lads following after. I: got to the futtock shrouds, and there I stopped, for I saw him myself, -a palish boy, with ajerk of thin hair on his forehead; I'd have known him anywhere in this world or' t'other. 'I saw him just as distinct as I see you, Tom Brown, sitting oni that yard quite steady with the royal flapping like to flap him off. I reckon I've ihad as much ex perience fore and aft, In tine course of fifteen years nboard, as any man that ever tied a reef-point in a noir'eoaster; but I never saw a sight like that, not before nor since., I won't say that I didn't wish mysolf well on deck; but I will sny that I steluck to thIe shroudo, andti looked :on steady. Whitmarsh,.swearing that the royal should be furled, went 'on and went up. It was after that I heard the voice. It came straight from the figure of the boy upon the upper yard. But this time it says, " Come up I Come up I". And then, a little louder, " Come up I Come up ! Come up I" So he goes up, and next I knew there was a cry,-and next a splash,-and then I saw the royal flapping from the empty yard, and the mate, was gone, and the boy. Job Wllitmarsh was never seen again, slow or aloft, that night or ever after. I was 'telling the tale to our parson this summer,-he's a fair-minded ohap, the parson, in spite of a little' natural leaning to strawberries, which I always take in very good part,-and he turned it about in his mind some time. "If it was the boy,'"says' lhe-" and I can't say as I see any reason especial why it shouldn't have been,-I'vo been wondering what his spiritooal condition was. A ,soul in hell,"-tlle parson believes in hell, I take it, because he can't help himself; but he has that solemn, tender way of preaching it as makes you feel he wouldn't have so much as a chicken get there if lie could help it,-" a lost soul," says the parson' (I don't know 'as 'I get the words exact),-"a.soul that has gone and been and got there of its own free will and choosing would be as like as n6t to hiinl another soul' alongside if he could. Then again, if the mate's time had come, ybu see, and his" chaneces were over, why, that's the will of the Lord, and It's hell for him whichever side of death he is, and nobody's fault but his'n; and the boy might be in the good place, and do the errand all the same. That's just about.It, Brown," says he. "A man goes his own gait, and, if he won't go to heaven, he, won't, and the good God himself can't help it. He throws the shining gates all open wide, and He never shut them on any poor fellow as would have entered in, and He nevor, never will." Which I thought was sensible of the parson, and very prettily put. Theresa Molly frying flapjacks now, and flapjack's won't wait for no man, you know, no more than time and tide, else I should have talked till midnight, very like, to tell the time we made on tlat trip home, and how green ithi harbour looked a sailing up, and, of Molly and the baby coming down to meet me.in a little boat that danced about (for we cast a little down the channel); and how she climbed up a laughing and a crying all at once, about my neck, and how the boy had grown, and how when he ran about the deck' (the little shaver had his first pair of boots on that very after noon) I' bethought me of the other time, and of Molly's words, and of the lad we'd left behind us in the purple days. Just as we were hauling iip, I 'ays to my ,wife: "Who's that ol, lady setting there upon the lumnber, with a gray bunnet, and a, gray ribbonin her cap?" For there was'an old lady there, and I saw the sun all about her, and all on the blazing yellow boards, and I grew a little dazed and dazzled. "I don't know," said' Molly, catch ing onto me a little close. " She comes there every day. They'say she sits: aud watches for her. lad as run away." So then I seemed to know, as well as ever I knew afterwards, who it was. And I thought of the dog. And' the greed rocking-chair. And the book that Whitmarsh wadded his old gun with. And the front-door, with the boy a walking In. So we three went up the wharf, Molly and the baby and me,-and sat down beside her on the yellow boards. I can't remember rightly what I said, but I remember her sitting silent in the sunshine till I had told her all there was to toll. " Don't cry!" says Molly, when I got through,-which it was the more surprising of Molly, considering as she was doing the crying all to herself. The old lady never cried, you see. Sihe sat with her eyes wide open under her gray bunnet, and her lips a moving. After a while I made it out what it was she said: "-The only son-of .his mother--and sho"-- By and by she gets up, and goes her ways, and Molly and I walk home together, with our little boy between us. THE END. 