SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, uiondav. Chief- Justico Sir R. Hansen died sud denly yesterday of heart disease. The establishment of a quarantine station at Port Adelnido is strongly urged. A Port Dnrwin digger obtained 150 ounces of gold at Pooley's Creek in three weeks.. Sales of Stations.— No less than Jour sta tions in this district aro advortised (or, saio by Ryan and Hammond, of Melbourne, to. bo held iit Scott's Hotel, on tho 10th iust., namely the Springs nnd Emit Stations in the "Beuaila district, and the Thologoiong and Keelaogia Stations, about -10 miles from Albnry, and hiving, a Iroutngo about uiue miles .on the. Yietoriau sido of tho River Murray. The stations' arc stocked with sheop nhd cattle, and arc in every way ready for immediate operations. Inqbsst at the Ovens District Hospital: — Aniuqnest was held by Dr Dobbyii. Deputy Coroner, and a jury, ut this institution, on Suturdny afternoon, touching the death of Roger Hunter, an elderly man, well-known about Beecbworlh for many years. He had some days before been received into the hospital, snfferiug from a broken limb, but finally succumbed to a disease now sciontifi: eally known as meningites,. which means a disease of the brain and spinul marrow, or other branches of tho spinal system.. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. ' , ' The Quickest Passage fro it England.— It has been for sometime upheld in' certain quarters that steamships, by tho long voyage round the Capo, could be constructed.tb com pete successfully with tho ocean and- overland route; hut the idea was scouted. It in now, liowevor, being proved to be possible.' The Zuh-'nilia, built flir the Sydney and California trade, lately made an extraordinary passage from England to Melbourne. A sister ship, ior the same trade, has jnst made her first voyage from Plymouth to Melbourne in 41 days, 7 hours, aud' 15 minutes, excluding;, all deteulions; or in- 43 days, 7 hours,, and 15 minufes altogether. This is the greatest feat in steam navigation ever performed. Christ's Cnuncsi Beecbwortk— The an nouncement that a Presbyterian' Minister would preach in the above church,, and- that minister the Rev. R. E. Ewing, to whose great pulpit talents we have frequently drawn at tention, had the effect of bringing, together two-of the largest congregations which ever assembled in the church. In the "morning the reverend gentleman preached-1 an able sermon from the second epistle of St. Peter, verses 1—7 inclusive, dwelling p.rinoipnlly upon tho lest verse, ' and to brothbrly kind- nesB-charity." In the ovoning the edifice wan- crowded by a congregation who -evidently thoroughly enjoyed Bud appreciated the- high. iutolleclUHl treat offered them. The reverend gentl-inun'a sermon, it is not too much to say,, was a-misterpiec- bf'eloquence, trne philoso phy aud olose reasoning. Choosing ...as his text tho 19th »ers« old he 14th chapter of Job,. " The wuters weur the stones," ho dwolt par ticularly upon the "-heart aches,"" to- which' men in- all grades, auu of all temperaments,, are subjected, dwelling particularly upon the following : — 1st tbu ebb, and flow, and rush of events- operute in fdrmiug character. .2nd,: Heart aches, which presumed suffering, were felt in the want of appreciation und sympathy ; seen imtbe guilt nnd sufferings of humanity, and fell when we cimtemplntod them ; and felt by every earnest man when he. realises what tho gospel is, end what is tho-state of' things in tho ohuroh. Tho sermon was listenod to with rapt attentioo, and was a real treat. Tho ltcv. W. L.-C. Howard -read the pruyeiasnt boiu scrwiees. The collections were sood. Tlio impurieraonts in tbebnild- iug were .noticeable, imd tho new system of vmiiilulion recently introffneed works admir- I ably. TY'e also cunsider it a decided : change for the better jo have-the choir at the.ohaucel end of the chnrch. At 'mead of praise is due to Mr jtfs.-Cox, thev-ergernnd caretaker, for the way in which he iaimproving the extern a! surroundings of the. church, as nader hie hands the grounds,, .which have been long neglected, are beiuguput in order,, and now. add maletially to the general effect. We must add that the cboix which hadibeon con- sidorablyngmented;. rendered their, part of the services with good- effect. - . Tjik Enolisb Mam.'— The R.M.S.S. Sum atra urrived at the Heads at 9.10 a.un. yaBter- doy, and went to hor anchorage at the quaran tine station. The letters were delivered in Melbourne lato yosterdsy evening, and will- be despatched to these districts this morning. New South walus-pim-iament.— Mr Joseph Leary, the newly eleeted member for tha- Murrnmbidgee tooVhis seat in the. House on. Friday.-. CALnrasuiAN Mail. — Tho R.M.8.S. City of: Melboumte, with the San Franeicso. mails, wee detainsd at Aucliand,. Now Zealand, until Fr> day, iu'ceuscqucnoo- of the heavy storm, she not been able to go to sea. The outgoing: mail leaves Sydnay on Thursday,; BEuenwoRTH GHitiTEni. — The balanee- sheet ior the year ending 31st December, 18751 shows receipts, U2BO 12s Gd, .balince from, previous year £37T 7i lid, and expenditure £154 (ISs 9d, leaving s credit balanee of £14£ 6s 8d._ Tun. Dare Thbtmonial. — The people- of Ruthorglen have tome oat nobly in the matter ot Mrs- Dare, the widow of the lata Congregational; minister. The subscription list already amoaxits to nearly £300, and other -efforts- are to he mado in this cause of true charity. On Wednesday (to-morrow) Reivlt. E; Ewing delivers a. lecture, and- ou Tuoeduy next, loth inst., a> concert will be given in aid oh'tlie funds, when Miss Vanden- borg:: (Becchworth), Misses. Sievwright and Nashl (Ohiltern), Miss Benjamin (Ruthorglen), andiMesers-Dauioll, Leslie,. Sampson, Piper, J.uR. Crone, and others will take part. Mail Aaaivj.t.?. — Amongst the list of pas- SHegerB byvthe. steamers . Sumatra and Aus tralia we notice the names of the Bishop of Boulbum,and Mrs Thomas; Rev. J..Beattic, who has oome out as successor to Rev. Dr jOairns ; Sir C. Gavan Duffy, doubt loss rondy again for the parliamentary fray;. Mr T. G. Ttmmetb,. the celebratod actor Madame jOaraudini ; aud Qou. Captain Frossr, M.L.O., ot-Now Zealand. i Go/.nDiANa of Mnions. — Tho following gontlomen havo been, appointed guardians to coussnt to the marsiage of minors, Messrs. A, Galbroitb, Yackandandnli, John Hanson, IJpjer Murray, W.M'oLoan, Bright, and T: E. Lnmley, Bright. Bbiulla. — There arc few.- towns in, the Nertlk-Eaatern district whose future seems more hopeful than that on the Broken, River. Of late years it lias made considerable strides, numerous new- buildings have been, erected, and trade generally appears to be in a flourishing condition. The situnticu and sur roundings of the town are eminently favor able, as it is on the main line of railway within five hours' ride of the metropolis, and tho country, all round includes some of the fineBt and richest agricultural and pastoral land to bejound in this part of the colony. This Is amply evidenced by the selection which is. continually going on, and we greatly quession. if there- he any land hoard in the colony where month after month so many applications are entertained. We have witched its growth and predict for it a great future provided always its public men nnd these who take the lead, pull together and do not let local and personal dissensions work them evil. Let them look to their town, seek always to advance her interests and they themselves will prosper. The present week will be a buBy one. To-day the local land board holdB Its monthly sittings, when there are no fewer than 127 cases: down for hearing, so that the officials of the court, lawyers and surveyors will have a busy time of It. On Wednesday the Shire Council meets, and Thursday and Friday the annual .race meeting takeB place, the programme including eight events with £190 added money, and as Benalla is always a rare place for sport of this sort, a two capital days' racing may be looked forward to. To-Dat's pai-En, — In order to give full reports of tlx; General Sessions, flic various Council meetings, and the news brought hv the mail and the steamer Australia, v.r paper to day consists of eight pages, and, despite this, several iocnl items have had to be held over. The mail news appears in our first page, and the Sessions in the seventh and eighth. Sale at Bowman's- Forest. — Wo would again draw atteotiou to the sale of Mr Hunt's valuable property at Bowman's Forest to morrow, when, in addition to- the- property and stock already noticed, the nnotioneers wilt offer twelve valuable drought horses for Messrs Youl, and Thomson, nod Fishburu and .Morton, no well lis a buggy belonging to Mr Alexander. : ' ' 1 , Lieel. — Ir-'ilie libel action Trocy v Luke, proprietor of the Gippilaml llfercttry, tho jury found n verdict for dofendunt. New Magistrate. — Mr T. W. Folks, j of Mansfield, has been gazetted a Justico of the Peace. Oxley ; Cemetery. — The ! returns ' for the year 1875, show roceipts £40 12s Gd,- , balance ;from precediug year £24 5s GJ, aud ex penditure £62 14s Id, leaving a credit balance of £2 13s lid. Remabeaule Metxoii.— On Saturday night last a meteor of surpassing brilliance was seen to tho sonth-eaot of Beechworth, appa rently remarkably, close to tho earth.. It flushed forth brightly for nearly a minute; and- thou glided away into darkness. .. Y.R.C. Autumn Mnansa.-ATbo Autumn gathering of this club was commenced on the the Fleinington raoeoourse on , -Saturday, and was attended by about 5000 .persons. The racing: was good throughout. Gaffer Grey, won tho Hurdle Race, Mr Ohirnside's grard and hitherto unbeaten colt Newmiuistor the Ascot V-alo Stakes, and Southern Cross tho Brnnswick Stakes, beating: a good field of 1G.- For the- St. Leger tho champion Richmond beat Maid, of All Work by a- neck, the favorite Robin libod being nowhere. The grey gelding Stranger appropriated the Visi-.ors' Plate, and Rapid Bey tho Eeilor Stakes.. The Beech-worth General Sessions. — The sittiugs of this court, which commenced on Fridayimorning, were again ndjourned at 1 1 o'clock' last night — when nn imprisoned jury was discharged — until. 10 o'clock this morning. There remain now for criminal trial the cases agaiust two Chinamen for larceny nt Ohiltem, and the twoappeal eases, in which John Phclau is the appellant, and the police the- respondents on decisions against Phehin by Air Pitcnirn, P..M ..co- respondent, in impounding cases. As Judge Hackelt is gazetted to- be at the Bright. County Court to morrow nt 10-o'elock, ho will have his work out out for him. All jurymen must be in nttendnnou this morning just as on thu first day. Held Over; — Our leading remarks ou the Sessions in general, and Belcher's ease in particular, ws-kold over, through pressure on our spnee, to n-future issne. . BKEcnwoiura Post Office, Savinos Bank. — Tho following are tho returnz-of the Ueeob- , worth Post Office Savings Bank, for the we„k onding Mare!i-441r, 1876, showing tiro nnmber of deposits, thu amount deposited, the nnmber and amount, of the withdrawals, and the number of books issnod : — Deposits .......... 21 ' . " Amount:....:...:.... -" £38 10 0. Books issued ....... . :8 ! j , Withdrawals 1 8 ' Amount , , £169 17 7 " The Racikioeob CnAxcKLLOia— The .old facing horse. Chancellor the property of Mr T. Peel, of tho Boynl Mail Hotel,. Chiltern, died on Wednesday. His death is- ottributcd, writes the Sltmdiird to an overdose of Diedi- ,cinc. Chancellor was intended to run for the Selling'Stakes-at Chiltern on St. Patrick's day next, and-, it being usual; to- get him into proper forms to administer a ' hall," ,qne -was ordered liiro, the : effects- of which, it is said, caused his death.' . It is- a pity the old veteran met- his death in .such nn un- fortnniite manner-, as he appeared to he good for many a.spin.yct, and he nevci failed to put in nn appearance at most % of our local meetings, and; .invariably,, giving-, a good .ae- fcoupt of liimoelf.- " Old 'Chancellor, "'its' he 'whs familiarly callted, was originally owned by Mr Darby, of Blew South W-alcs, and lie first made his appearance at CoTnish Town, about1 9 or 10 -years ago, as a thice-year-oid. : Ever since thai' time he . scarcely- ever failed to be entered- for- the handicaps at the various -races in the Ovens UDd Murrayistricts, and ; many an one he. has enried. off. The greatest event of Iris- racing life occurred at Beech- worth, some few years ago, Wisdom and 'Chancellor runnings dead heat for the Beecli- ;worth handicap, .Stone the jockey riding him i the first time, but in the secondk-ussle for the nice Ycoinans (iwlvo; by the by,, has ridden 'him many a .timo) was placed, on his back, land tlie racing, that then ensued between 'Wisdom nnd- Cbaosellor to decide the winner of the. handicap is said to liave(been the -best ; that was ever witnessed on the-cdurse. Nose ; and' 'nose they went nearly the whole 'dis- tnnce, but dinnesllor beat hisi opponent, nl- ! though but, by; the- merest trifid. Chancollor was by Prince Willinm. .We- are sorry for Mr Peel's loss,. hafl also for thd-loss of the old' ' lacing favorite. ' ' ' Miss'Dobssn, — Our readers will recollect that somm-timo-ugo a young' woman nnmed Dobson disappeared from the neigbborliocdi of Bonthurambo where site- lived. It was thought thati she hud gone>to New South, Wales with, 1 a. view of getting married to. a, person who -hud lately become a- widower. It would seem that . Miss . Dobson was en.- gaged to a young mnn '. Eamed Vonarx.at the time she- disappeared.! Her fattier has leceived a- letter -from her from which, it appears that, she is still in- this colony not thirty miles away from Wangnrntta, where she ia-in seevice. not haTing contracted. any matrimonial, alliance at; nil. She must lmvo- managed to have -kept her. plaoe c-f abode, .well concealed and thus defeat all attompts made to discover her, — Dispatch. An Ghobt ! — Several nights ago n young couple were enjoying the cool of the evening by.tuking a walk oa the banks of the Hopkins. Tho - subjects under discussion were, to say the least,, elevating, relating principally to the " silvery moon,"' the " radiant) stars," rise.- The subject of astronomy lied become nearly exhausted — the moon had been culled jinto requisition twice to illustrate the purity :of affection, the atnrs- were nearly worn out, . 'and - conversation had begun to, flag, when suddenly at a bend in the traak, the lady " 'gave a loud scream, and fled hack with incredible speed. On looking up the young man, beheld towering before him a huge body, seven or eight feet high, surmounted . by a ghostly heady with large glassy protrud ing eyes, that glittered and started with a ghostly glare in the dim moonlight. He Btood terror-stricken, until a deep hollow groan, followed by two or three still more .unearthly, from the object before him, re called him to his senses. Not waiting to look round tie made one terrific spring, and landed nlmost fairly in the middle of the ' stream of tho Hopkins. Cold water aud fright lent bim strength. With two or threo strokes lie gained tho opposite bank, and never venturing another look at his midnight acquaintance, sped away fast into the hush. Meanwhile the vicinity of the " ghost" re sounded with roars of laughter, evidently not proceeding from the breast of the noc turnal visitant, who afterwards developed into an identity with an old gum stump that had stood for generations, the luad being bor rowed for the occasion from the carcase of an almost equally ancient bullock that had drawn his last breath in the neighborhood. It appears that some young men, who looked upon the object of the joke as a "softy," bad rigged up tho stump in a sheet, provid ing tho head with glass eyes, and had secured the alliance of a young lady to entice the victim to the Bpot selected. The result i9 narrated above. The groans proceeded of course from the perpetrators of the juke hidden behind the stump, who soon changed tune when they witnessed the unpremeditated flight. The lady returned quietly home, but her beau bus not since been heard of in the neighbourhood, the only trace of him that has turned up being tlrnt furnished by an old traveller, who, on calling at a houso in the vicinity, exhibited to the owner a hat and a shoe, found by bim, he averred, far out in the bush. No serious consequences aro annre- hended. — Mortlahe Dispatch. 