The Sketcher. My Ocean Log. [From the Gentleman's Magazine.] No. VI. BY W. SENIOR. THERE is no place perhaps in the far East which has received greater immediate advantages from the Suez Canal than Singapore. Most of the vessels which pass Port Said without in- creasing its trade by so much as the value of half a dollar, halt at this curious capital of the Straits Settlements. It is the half-way house between England and China on the one hand, and Australasia on the other. At the beginning of the present century it was a collection of Malay fishermen's huts. Even Sir Stamford Raffles, through whose forethought the island became part of the British possessions in 1819, could never have dreamt of the great commercial importance it would some day obtain. A con- venience it was from the first; now it is a necessity. Fine docks have been built out of a humid swamp by the Tanjong Paggar Dock Company, near the western entrance of the roadstead, where the handful of savage fisher- men have grown into a thriving population of over 26,000 persons, who are enjoying the ad- vantages of European trade and English rule, and who, though chiefly natives to the manner born, are content and happy because well governed and prosperous. And there is no town in the far East which affords the traveller a better insight into certain phases of Oriental life. At Point-de-Galle you are delighted with the Eastern scenery and Eastern humanity, but it is Eastern humanity with a prevailing flavor of India. At Singapore you have the Malayan races at home, with all their national character- istics, and not as at Malacca, so mingled with the Dutch and Portuguese that it is difficult to tell where Europe begins and Asia ends; the Chinese quarters are as much Chinese as streets in Hongkong or Canton; and in smaller propor- tions, the singular diversity of races is increased by the Kling from Madras, the slender Bengali, the Parsee, the Chittie, the Armenian Jew, and the Arab. An Englishman fresh from home will be surprised at the busy appearance of the docks. Chinese carpenters and blacksmiths are hammer- ing and sawing in the sheds, using tools as primi- tive as those which, as Holman Hunt's famous picture shows, stood upon Joseph the Carpenter's bench eighteen hundred years ago. Nothing can induce these remarkable people to adopt modern inventions. They do their work well, but it must be in their own way, and at their own slow speed. The better class of Chinese artisans you may distinguish by the light clothing which they permit themselves to wear. The majority of the Chinese and Malays about the docks, like their compatriots up in the town, are content with a wisp of cloth fastened round the loins, to hang more or less (generally considerably less) to the knees. To be sure you have on your out- ward voyage, beginning at Port Said, become accustomed to these trifles, and by the time you have travelled far enough to be able to look about you in the Singapore docks, you regard any clothing exceeding in dimensions an ordinary handkerchief as a reckless and surprising extra- vagance in "the lower orders." It seems, after all, tolerably possible to get along without beef and beer. Strong and lissome are some of these rice and fish fed fellows; tall, straight and displaying good muscles. That this semblance of strength and condition is not delusive you may perceive by the amount of work the Chinese or Malay coolies get through, and the weights they carry. As a rule, it takes several orientals to accomplish one Englishman's labor, but this is a rule not without a wide margin of exception. Speaking of men as they find them, the European em- ployers give the native mechanics and the copper- skinned hewers of wood and drawers of water an excellent character; indeed, you will often be not a little pained to hear English employers speak better of them than of the British work- man, who is taught to pity his dusky heathen brother bowing down to blocks of wood and stone. However, I wish to draw a picture, not to moralise. So we will leave the docks and the workmen there, many-tinted, from the sickly yellow of the fair Chinaman with his shaven pate and everlasting pigtail, down through every shade of brown until you come to the sable Bengali with his glossy black ringlets. Before starting for the town, a mile and a-half off, you may turn into the bungalow, liberally provided for English and American seamen and passengers. It is a reading-room, and travellers in a thirsty land scarcely welcome water with greater eagerness than that with which we, who had not seen an English newspaper for six weeks, charge at the files of The Daily News, Punch, Fun, the illustrated journals, and one or two of the cheaper magazines. The gharries, driven generally by Bengali boys under strict Scotland- yard- like regulations, are drawn by capital ponies; they are Singapore specialities, born and bred in Sumatra and in certain portions of the Malay peninsula, and though diminutive they are perfectly shaped, safe, swift trotters, and hardy. As to color they run a good deal to piebald; and they are most kindly treated by their owners. Along the Tanjong Paggar-road you continually meet rude carts heavily laden with merchandise—gambier and pepper, hides, or fancy woods from the interior, where the irre- pressible Chinaman is gardener, woodman, and all else that is remunerative. To the carts are yoked hump-shouldered bulls, sleek-hided as a deer, mostly fawn-colored, and as docile as the lamb. Fan palms, bananas, cocoanut and betel palms, tree ferns, bamboos, rattans, tropical creepers and flowers, and vistas of strange and beautiful trees appear on either side of the well- kept road. Next you pass through a native street, probably holding your nose until you become acclimatised to the indescribable stenches of the native quarters. There are "rows" on either side of the thoroughfare, very different from the picturesque covered ways of ancient Chester or the continental towns, but affording shelter from the sun for the inhabitants, who have a wonderful love of squatting on their hams outside their small primitive places of busines; ssquatting in company; squatting in silence; squatting morning, noon, and night. There are miles of streets in Singapore, but in every one of them the natives shall be found perseveringly engaged in this absorbing do- nothing occupation. Longfellow would be charmed with the perfect way in which they have learned, if not to labor, at least to wait. John Chinaman, of course, is everywhere. The little bazaars with the hieroglyphs over the door, the lanterns suspended from the ceiling inside, the idol over the candle-lit shrine, and the cur- tained-off inner apartment; the licensed opium shops, the places of the tailors, butchers, and bakers—these all mark the whereabouts of the Chinaman. In the heart of the town the coudtless shops (all open to the street) admirably illustrate the industrious character of the Chinese artisan; illustrate also the teeming numbers of the race, their sobriety, their quietness, their skill. A blacksmith's establishment, I was told, contained sixty inmates who all sleep in one barn-like garret. Our transatlantic cousins appear to be at sixes and sevens with their Chinese fellow citizens, and to be anxious by legislation to roll back the unwelcome tide of "Mongolian invasion." A gentleman fresh from Queensland by the last Torres Straits mail tells me, over a Manilla and sherry-cobbler at Emerson's restaurant, that the northern portion of that colony is waxing wild at the steady increase of Chinese emigration, and that the rolling back theory is already mooted there. As Queensland is to be my future home, I naturally turn special attention to these folks whom, my Queensland friend assures me, it will be my duty as a good colonist to regard as my future enemies, and endeavor to stamp out and improve off the face of the country. I peer and pry about everywhere; I cross- question magistrates, senators, high and low, the chiefs of the police, army men, and merchants, and never a word can I tempt them into saying against John Chinaman. As a Scotch resident, whose clerks, shopmen, and porters are all of that race, poetically put it to me, "What the devil would Singapore be with- out the Chinese ?" You see, you must live with a man to know him; we have the authority of a most ancient proverb for that; and since the British residents of Singapore give the dreaded Mongolian the best of testimonials of character, and my own observation does not kick against it in any manner or form, I shall withhold my opinion as to how far the hullabaloo against the Mongolian invasion is justified or not. Of course I always expect to have to look after my pockets when I am in John Chinaman's company; I may regard theft as a sin, but he does not. It is simply a matter of education, and John in time must learn better, as he is learning, and will go on to learn. The great houses of the European merchants —Scotchmen predominating in the ratio of five to seven—are confined to the central and best portion of Singapore, near which is "The Plain," a fine promenade, with cathedral and public buildings around, and a wide and well- shaded lower road parallel with and close to the beach. Here in cool eventide the fair European ladies take their drives in gharry, waggonette, or buggy, reclining languidly after their manner when once they deign to take wings to the East. Here the white robes and scarlet sashes of the Government House peons, and the pronounced colors of other great folk's liveries, flash amongst the green trees; here the young gentlemen of the place in spotless white trousers, gossamer morning coat, and solar topee, saunter and smoke their Manillas. The wonderful markets, provision shops, and thickest centres of native population, are not far off, an inner harbor and canals full of broad- sterned sampans and sharp-prowed Malay proas penetrating into their very midst. You can buy almost anything you require at Singapore: costly goods at the European repositories, and odds and ends, chiefly Brummagem, at the petty Chinese stalls and shops. Native hawkers, their heads covered with large circular discs of straw-work pointed on the outer centre like an ancient shield, trot about, their wares suspended in baskets from a bamboo pole balanced over the shoulder. Sometimes it is pork for the China- man, or rice, or fish, or fruit, or compounds un- mentionable, but apparently all fairly clean and appetising, thus offered for sale by street cries which in an unknown tongue have still a family resemblance to those we have been accustomed to in the well-beloved thoroughfares afar off. Here comes a regular Chinese swell, a young placid-faced Flowery-lander, into whose pigtail has been woven scarlet silk as a recognised hall- mark of gentility. He is attired in the wide loose trousers and wide loose smock characteris- tic of the clothes-wearing Chinaman in every quarter of the globe, but the materials are of ex- quisitely fine silk or cloth, and not the simple glazed stuff of the commonalty. Moreover, his head is surmounted by a natty drab English deer- stalker, and his umbrella and fan are of dainty workmanship. Then we have a native policeman, a Malay, or more probably a Kling, in the blue uniform of "the force," leading by their pigtails a couple of handcuffed thieves, upon whom the scantily-robed shop people come out to look with that expression of sweet smiling innocence which is as characteristic of the China- man as are his pigtail and his queerly placed eyes. At night there are certain streets all ablaze with lamps—a kind of Oriental New Cut, where everybody sits on his haunches and takes life easy, giving or receiving the purchased banana, cocoanut, mangosteen, pine-apple, durian, orange, betel nut and leaf wrapper, with an air of supreme indifference on both sides. The durian is the fruit by which some Europeans swear, while others hate it with a bitter hatred. They say you have first to overcome the stench of the thing, and they say truly; a skunk is nothing to it. The mangosteen is a delicious little fruit, confined to limited areas in the Malay Archipelago. It is round, the size of a small billiard ball, and a deep dead purple in color. You cut through the hard rind, which is a third of an inch in thickness, and pulling off half the cup discover a white firm pulpy interior in five, six, or seven segments. This, removed by a fork, becomes a mouthful for an epicure. In a book I once read it is likened to a "blend" of strawberry and grape; but after much argument at dessert one of us discovered that the mangos- teen offers in one happy sensation the flavors of sweet-water grape, mulberry, jargonelle pear, and bona fide Johannisberg. The natives eat bananas by the bushel. I bought three pine-apples, magnificent in weight as in flavor, for twopence half-penny; with three cents the thirsty coolie obtains a green cocoanut containing a pint and a-half of refreshingly cool milk; and there are other fruits, all new to the European, too numerous to mention. Fish of grand size and quality are caught without much art or toil with half a mile of shore. You may pity these benighted barbarians, as it is the Christian Briton's duty to do; nevertheless they appear to enjoy life very fairly, having few wants and an abundance of good things dropping into their very mouths, no tailor's bills, no religious or educational difficulties, no votes, no superflu- ous furniture. The Chinaman certainly has to provide himself with a brace of chop-sticks, but they are inexpensive; the Malay does without even these. It was very interesting to me to visit the gaol, under the guidance of one of the magistrates, and to see the prisoners printing in English, Chinese, and Malay, weaving blankets, making superb rattan wickerware, and working in the most orderly manner at all the common trades. A few were "in" for piracy, some for assault, the majority for theft. This latter assertion, of course, is the same as saying that the majority are low- class Chinamen. Some of our good re- formatory workers at home would have been gratified beyond measure at the excellent way in which the institution is worked. The prisoners up to the present time have been housed—one might almost say caged—in common sheds and dormitories. Now, under the presence of pres- sure from without, the separate system is to be tried, and solitary cells are being built. The men, especially the Malays, are generally very tractable. All being in chains, the prisoners move about with the old-fashioned clank-clank familiar to the pre- sent generation in England only on the melo-dra- matic stage. Out of 620 prisoners there were only two women (not bad for set of heathens), and the few prisoners in the European quarter were soldiers and sailors who had been overtempted by the low grog shops (there are by far too many of these) into the commission of minor misde- meanors. Formerly there were not more than half a dozen European warders to manage this large prison, to which perhaps it should be men- tioned are brought long sentence men from other portions of the Straits Settlements. Last year there was an outbreak, and Mr. Dent, the superintendent, was murdered. The plot was, no doubt, hatched in the common dor- mitory, or in the gangs, and for a wonder the consiprators united sufficiently to effect their purpose, a fact to be noted when it is known that the Chinese and Malays have different languages of their own, and that the Chinese and Malays have no fervid love for each other. Many readers may dimly re- member the story as briefly told in the English newspapers at the time, but I cannot call to mind that one particular incident was included in the account. I will give it for the benefit of the author of any projected work on "The Brave Deeds of Women." Fame has been acquired by less worthy pretences. For a while on the fatal evening it seemed as if the prisoners would overcome and, of course, massacre the authorities, aad overrun the town. The final obstacle to their complete success was ultimately found in a corner of the prison area defended by Mr. Lamb, an English or rather Scotch warder, who throughout behaved splen- didly. He conceived and promptly put in action the bold idea of calling to his assistance and arming the handful of European prisoners under confine- ment in another part of the ground. The pro- ject answered thoroughly. Pending its execu- tion, however, Mrs. Lamb undertook the defence of a certain central door against which the howl- ing mob of natives were concentrating all their fury and strength. The plucky woman seized a sword, and hacked and slashed at the naked feet and legs of the foe as often as they appeared through the space between the bottom of the door and the ground. The breaking down of this barrier was expected every moment, but Mrs. Lamb never flinched from the post or re- laxed her attacks, and the good woman's bravery gave her husband time to bring up his rein- forcement. This manœuvre was so effectual that when the Brigade Major, who happened to be the senior military officer within call, on requisi- tion from the Commissioner of Police hastened to the prison with what troops were then in Fort Canning, the disturbance was virtually over. More than a dozen prisoners had been shot down, and others were in custody, to be afterwards hanged or re- sentenced. The justices petitioned the Home Government to reward Mr. Lamb's services by a small annuity, but so far as I could hear no response has yet been sent out to this very reasonable suggestion. Of course such on oversight at the Colonial Office (if the petition has not already been granted) is an accident. Anyhow, Lamb and his courageous wife were mainly instrumental in checking what might have been a most dangerous outbreak of murderous criminals. The Botanical Gardens are situated at Tanglin, about three miles from Singapore, and the drive over perfect road, with beautiful tropical scenery on either side, and here and there glimpses of jungle, is a treat no passing stranger should miss. The footprints of a tiger had been marked on the outskirts of the gardens on the morning of our visit, but such game is very rare now in the island. The gardens owned by the Hon. Mr. Wham- poa, the wealthy Chinese merchant recently in- vested with the order of St. Michael and St. George, should also be seen, both because of the rare plants and trees cultivated there, and the quaint Chinese devices into which many of the shrubs had been clipped. The pretty orange colored flower which so profusely covers the hedges everywhere, in perfume and formation somewhat resembling our heliotrope, is a com- mon jungle flower. Near the town, on your return from the gardens, look out for the Bengali washermen in the middle of the stream pro- vided for them; you will then understand why your linen comes home so sadly perforated with unmendable holes. The small plantation of sugar-canes fringing the highway so prettily is evidence of the sweet tooth of the country; every other native you meet in the evening is munching his section of cane, for which he has paid some decimal portion of a farthing. As you drive to your quarters at night, the birds being silent and the lizards at rest, the insects are loud in concert in the hedges, gardens, and jungle; and the music may be heard high above the shrill rattle of the gharry. It will be neces- sary to look carefully after your mosquito cur- tains, and to be at all times prepared for a really elegant little lizard running up the wall, or a brown-winged cockroach, not much less than two inches long, scampering across your dressing- table. Never doubt there are very strange fish in the sea; stranger than any of which we have at present heard, read, or imagined. Allowing a wide magin—not a dot less than 50 per cent.— for travellers' tales, this is a conclusion forced upon a thoughtful observer thrown into the society of persons who live on the ocean. Whatever we may be provoked into saying in our haste, it is not true that all men are liars, and I have heard sufficient of late to lead me to believe that the extraordinary stories of what is hidden in the depths of the sea, in the quiet fathomless hollows never disturbed by the storms that agitate the upper world, are not so strange as might be told upon a plain statement of facts. Of beasts and birds there is pro- bably known as much as it is possible to gather, but he would be a bold man who would say the same of fishes. When it is gravely stated (and I have just heard the full narrative, so-called) that a stout ship was within the past three years pulled over and under by some many-armed devourer in the Indian Ocean, seamen wink and laugh; yet if you ask them whether they actually deny the existence of the Great Sea Serpent, they confess that they nurse a half belief in the monster. Why should there not be such creatures? they demand. Verily, why not? If not very probable, this thing is, in their opinion, not at all impossible. This paragraph I indited at Singapore, after a visit to the fish market at dawn one delicious morning. Something of the piscicultural wonders of the Malayan waters I had myself seen, watch- ing the natives fishing from the wharves; much more I heard from a certain English youth in the town. He certainly drew the long bow with something of the genius of a Munchausen. Did you ever shoot an Argus pheasant?" I asked him, upon his telling me that he had often been at Mount Ophir, the notable summit which, though forty miles in the interior of the Peninsula, is such a conspicuous object from the Malacca roadsteads, and which is famous for its rare birds and wonderful ferns. "Lots of 'em," he readily answered. "But talking of pheasants," he broke off at a voluble tangent, "we were lying off the coast of Borneo one morning, and by my word I went ashore and shot two hundred and thirty birds before break- fast; two hundred and thirty, sir, besides seven- teen deer." Naturally (as if I thoroughly believed the state- ment) I remarked that this was sport, and no mistake. "It was so," he modestly admitted. "I had three black boys loading guns for me, and when I got back to the boat my hands were so knocked to pieces that I could not pull an oar. The fellows on that account upset the boat." "A good look-out for the sharks," I hinted. "You talk of sharks.—See, sir, I'll tell you what: I was once off the coast of West Australia, and we killed a shark. I daresay you wont believe it now, but we got a tun of pure oil out of the liver —a tun, every drop of it. I'd never have believed it if I had not seen it myself." In such a strain my eloquent countryman nar- rated his adventures, mingling with the romantic so much that appeared likely as to the Singapore fish market that I determined to explore it before the sun was up, and the fish either spoilt by the heat, or sold for breakfast consumption. A morning drive in the tropics is delightful. The night has been close, and the mosquitoes (confound them!) numerous and warlike. In spite of the carefully-adjusted curtains, some of these dreadful pests somehow contrive to reach you, and after worrying you by their shrill brazen trumpeting they seize the precise moment of your dropping asleep to make an attack in force. You have tossed restlessly, and perspired with amazing freedom; you have in the dark hours groaned and wished it were morning. Bath and coffee before daybreak, however, pull you together finely, and the early cheroot is a luxury indeed. Therefore you forgive, if you do not forget, the detested insects that have left their traces upon your wrists and forehead. Early as you may rise there will be natives astir before you, and Europeans also taking their morning saunter be- fore the sun has climbed high in the heavens. Vegetation is fresh; with dew you can look abroad upon the world without the painful glare of a later hour. In lines remembered not without mingled feelings of pleasure, Isaac Watts, D.D., sets forth the profits and delights of early rising. These Malays and Chinese are of one mind with him. The little shops and bazaars are all open, and toiling back from the market, their copper hued and oleaginous hides glistening in the young sunlight, come the itinerant vendors of fruit and fish. The man of means is followed by his "boy," bearing an assortment of garden produce—fruits and vegetables mostly strange to Englishmen. In the groves, singing birds (they are few in number, however,) gaily answer each other's hymns of joy. The Malay children, in Nature's cheap garb, laugh and play with a viva- city very foreign to their natural gravity of demeanor. That indescriable smell, half-incense, half-sewage peculiar to all Oriental quarters has not yet distilled in full offensiveness. A fresh invigorating breeze from the sea fans your face. Wherefore a morning drive in the tropics should be keenly enjoyed. Though the Chinese coolies prefer their fish dried, and to our taste doubly high, there is a large consumption of fresh fish amongst the native population. The Singapore Billingsgate I accordingly found to be a lively and intersting place, and quite lacking the attributes which have made our great London fish market pro- verbial. These untutored people run a muck occasionally, I presume, like other folks, but as a rule they are quiet and courteous to everyone. The fish were carefully classified in heaps upon the wooden floor of the wholesomely kept sheds. The marketing housewife at home justly re- gards the lordly salmon and the delicious trout as the highest objects of fishmongering desire at Singapore they bestow their best affection upon sharks. In the shops in another portion of the town there were to be seen dried, cured, and pickled in a variety of ways, all manner of shark- ish delicacies. Squatting on the edge of a gutter, and busily at work with chopsticks, rice, and fish all hot, a number of natives watched with zest the cutting up of a hammer-headed shark about four feet long which had just been landed, barely dead, from a sampan. The operator first smote the brute across the head with a keen-edged knife, to remove any doubt upon the question whether the ugly customer had given up the ghost. Then he removed the fins, then cut out a few choice cutlets; at this stage a hungry-eyed Chinaman purchased quite a large slab, and bore it away in triumph. I had always imagined that this queer specimen of the shark genus was too tough and nasty for table purposes, but one has to unlearn many things in travelling. The real bonne-bouche seemed to be a very juvenile mem- ber of the white shark family. There were scores of them for sale, and those who could not afford to buy surveyed them with watering mouths. Fourteen strange fish I could make nothing of. They were of all shapes, and frequently, even after death, of every color of the rainbow. One fish was carp-shaped, and of a gamboge color, weighing perhaps fourteen or fifteen pounds. Some were striped like zebras; one was tinted with the shades of the maiden-blush rose. I saw a fish that was almost square in shape; some that were all eyes, some all teeth. Spots car- mine, spots orange, and spots blue and green jewelled the broad sides of others. Here lay a heap of silvery fry next of kin to our own whitebait; there fish that a boy could scarcely carry. But somehow they were all, to my mind, suspicious in appearance, having nothing in common, so far as moral character goes, with the sheepish roach, gentlemanly grayling, cavalier trout, kingly salmon, or sportive dace of tempe- rate climes. And after I had feasted my eyes upon the collection I went back to my gharry, very sad because of my own ignorance of the science which could have given these singular fish local habitations and names. One afternoon a hideous Chinawoman, who used to angle every day with heavily-leaded line and stout brass wire hook, caught a great fish close to the shipping. It was an oval fish, some- thing like a John Dory, but coated with fine gold, and it was a singular coincidence that I should there and then recognise amongst the spectators a well-known official of the Bank of England, that very day arrived from England, on his way to spend his holiday in Brisbane. I say it was a coincidence, for when I had last seen him he was conducting me through the treasure houses of Threadneedle- street, and tantalising me with a sight of cartloads of sovereigns and bales of banknotes. Here we met by accident, thousands of miles from home, and we agreed that the old Chinawoman's fish was intended as a delicate reminder to him that the power of the precious metal, with which he had dealt until his hairs were gray, was simply world-wide. [TO BE CONCLUDED IN OUR NEXT.] 