The Housekeeper. A Beef Steak. A FACETIOUS friend declared although he cared little for a "steak in the country," he liked a steak in town. The sublime idea of a beef steak is by no means fixed. By travelling across the sea it changes, if not its inherent essence, at any rate its phenomenon or outward manifestation, and present* widely different feature* under various aides. In England the btan idmi ia a rump steak and the " point" where a noble circle of fat encloses a plump triangle of lean, is mostly esteemed. As to the thickness to which these steaks should be cut, doctors differ. A large majority rule in favor of thick steaks, but an intelligent and voracious minority declare for a thickness of half or at most three-quarters of an inch, on the ground that steaks of this thickness require only "one good turn," and when broiled over a clean fire become equally cooked through* out—a condition deemed impossible in those of greater density. Like other noble entities,the "pointsteak" has Ms poor relations, the blade-bone steak and buttock steak, both of which are but poor sub stitutes for a prime slice of the darkly- colored finely-grained meat which adorns the rump of a highland ox. In choosing steaks great regard should be had to the color and grain. Piakey* looking beef is always immature, and if tender, tasteless ; while coarse- fibred meat, albeit occa sionally of high flavor, gives overmuch exercise to the masticators, and is, moreover, apt to put a heavy strain on the digestive organs. Except in the case of very small highland beef, which abounds not in adipose tissues, the rump steak should be endowed with a handsome margin of fat It may be urged that few persons can con sume a whole or even « part of the fat, and that therefore it is so much waste. Now, this is not altogether true. The steak is boneless, and can therefore carry a little waste, and, if not fat, is rarely good. Perhaps the finest and mostperfeet steak I have ever seen was cut from Christmas cattle, and was not only fringed but marhled with fat In these cases the apparent waste was consider able, but the sublime sensation experienced in devouringthe lean amply compensated forany loss incurred by an undue proportion of fat " After all," as a Cockney said to a country friend who was worrying him about the price of wheat, " a penny loaf always costs a penny." So is a steak a steak ; and if some little bulk must be sacri ficed in surplus adipose tissues, it" goes farther" than any meat known to the writer. Perhaps the principal reason why steaks are so miserably cooked in private houses is that no skill is shown in the management of the fire. A good bright fire topped with charcoal, or, in default of pure carbon, with coke, will produce the intense neat without smoke absolutely necessary to cook a steak to perfection. The bars of the gridiron should be thin and not too close together. When these are thoroughly heated they should be rubbed with a little fat, and are then ready to receive the steak, which after being served from the parent rump and trimmed, should undergo no preliminary treatment, save a slight dusting with pepper. Salt should never be put upon the steak tul it is cooked, as it causes the juices of the meat to flow ; and the steak should be turned, aqd only once turned, and should by no means be prodded with a fork. All hammering of steaks with cleavers or cut let bats should be avoided, and the use of hideous contrivances, resembling gigantic "back scrapes" for punching and clapper-clawing the meat to moke it tender, should be eschewed. Turned only once and broiled for about ten minutes over a clear fire, the steak is cooked, and should then be sprinkled with salt, and served on a tre mendous hot dish, garnished with hone-radish. Confirmed steak eaters insist that nothing beyond pepper, salt, mustard, and horse-radish is needed with steak except a mealy potato, and a slice of stale bread ; but the dicta of these rigid purists are often Bet aside in these degenerate days, and oyster-sauce, fried onions, or saucebear naite, ore often served as accompaniments. Many gastronomes like their plates rubbed with a shallot, but more thoroughly-paced admirerß of this odoriferous bulb maintain that they as lief " be hanged for a sheep as a lamb," and cover their steak with actual shallot finely minced. Hot horse-radish, sauce is also frequently eaten with a steak, and is an excellent companion to it Mushroom ketchup is also liked by many, but should always be made hot. The sight of a human being deluging a prime hot steak with cold ketchup arouses stormy emotions in the bosom of a true steak eater. The practice of cutting steaks from the sirloin "prevail* in America m wefl at in France ; bat, although the upper and under portions are often divided into "sirloin steak" and "tenderloin," the truly national custom is to cut dean through the bone and sever both into one piece, which is then called a "porterhouse steak." There is a story current "on the other aide " to the effect that on landing in New York, a gentle* man of the Hibernian persuasion, endowed with lightness of heart and of language often enjoyed by the "Irish emigrants," was enthusiastically received by a jovial compatriot, who, having en joyed the free air of Manhattan for about six months, and being already a thriving dtiaen and a good Democrat, invited the "new chum" to eat a steak with him forthwith. Rushing into a restaurant he ordered a double "porterhouse," and was quickly served with that very agreeable species of the genus steak. "By the powers I" yelled the new corner, "to think that my mother's son should cross the salt sea to eat a mutton chop made of beef T' The Hibernian definition actually gives a per fectly clear idea of the famous "porterhouse ■teak," These'handsome cuts are broiled, and often served with mushrooms, making a capital dish for at least two persons. It must, however, be admitted that in America there exist persons depraved enough not only to fry these magnify bent steaks, but like the man who ate asparagus at the wrong end, to pretend that they like them best that way. Spanish notions of cookery are hardly worth quoting; but for the sake of variety I may describe the peninsular mode of treatment Neat slices are cut from the under side of the sirloin; meanwhile a quantity of onions chopped very finely are put into a frying pan, with a liberal allowance of butter, ana allowed to take a slight color. The pan is then drawn back, and the pieces of beef well seasoned with pepper and salt, are put in and fried in the butter. Served with the onions over and a quantity of stewed tomatoes, these fillets are very eatable when nothing better can be got. The Qerman beef steak is a very inferior production. It is generally fried, is overdone, tough, and tasteless inside, aud oleaginous in its outward appearance. In 'Vienna it is uot uncommon to , mince the beef finely, flavor it with pepper, salt, pounded onions, and chopped parsley. It is then mixed with eggs to "bind''it, and U formed into the shape of small steaks or cutlets, and fried in butter. The Saxons mix one part of lean chopped pork with two parts of beef, and pro ceed as above. None of the preparations, how* ever, come strictly under the category of steaks. Imaoinc thcib Feelings !—Sometime ago, I am credibly informed, a literary journal, eon* , tamed a correspondence between two female novelists, one accruing the other of plagiarism. ' The letter* grew so iracund that the editor re* ■ quested bi» fair correspondents to exchange addresses, and conclude the discussion privately. Hie reault wm amusing. Miss A., author, let us Bay, of Ghost Orange, had aomuwd Miss Z., author of Lillian and Lovely, of plagiarism, which Miss Z, indignantlj denied, imagine the feeling* of both when it waa discovered that they resided ii| the same house, Miss Z. being the mishess of a fashionable ladies' " seminary " at Brighton, and Miss A. one of her most forward pupils. How, poor Miss A. got through the remainder of her half'year has never been revealed. SnxvLATnro Emon or the <Joca Liar.— At the first meeting for the session of the Edinburgh BotaiuoalSodety, on the 11th fast, the President, Sir Robert Christison, in his in troductory address, among other things, referred to experiments he bad been making with a view to teat the properties of the ©oca leaf, which, he explained, was not to be oonfaunded with the well-known cocoa. In Peru* where it grew, oooa was reputed to have remarkable nourishing properties; and, in order to ascertain the precise nature of these, he had chewed the leaf, by way of stimulant, on the occasion of two ascents of Ben Voirlich. On reaching the summit of the mountain he felt each time greatly fatigued, and he then commenced to chew his coca, the con sequence being that,without any othernutrimeni» he was able to make they descent not only with firmness, but almost with juvenile elasticity. In reply to Dr. Balfour, Sir Robert mentioned that* though after the use of the coca he did not feel the want of dinner, he was able to make a hearty meal on sitting down to table; and, further, that by its use he had found himself able to walk sixteen miles with ease, although when he at* tempted this feat without such nourishment he felt terribly fatigued. Professor Archer remarked that he had chewed a considerable quantity of tbiftwvegeiable, and had been unable to observe any effects; so that he thought a great deal depended upon the way in which the coca was preserved—an opinion in which the chairman expressed bis concurrence. Photo-Ehoravuto.—The cheapest process fer engraving is the new invention of which the above is the proper title. The method, like that of the Orapkic, is Becret, and the inventor will probably keep it concealed; but the benefit of its economy is shared by the public. The office of the photo-engraving company, in Courtland street, is now a common resort for all who desire pictorial work at very low prices. A picture which, if cut in wood, were worth $30., is here done at one-third that price. The drawings of all this work must be done by pen and ink, and the former must be four times, the size of the intended picture. This is a pecular necessary which I do not understand, but the reason given is that the process requires a reduction of the original. The photo method will do away with wood engraving to a large degree, and is, indeed, the begining of a revolu tion in this branch of art. I have known a man come to this city with a picture of which he desired an engraving, and return with the finished plate in two days. As boxwood has' become very scarce, having trebled in price since 1860, it is fortunate that a process has been invented which -will so largely serve as a substi tute. The material used is common stereotype plate, from which electrotype copies can easily be made. It is probable that Paul Revere labored for some weeks on his copperplate of the Boston massacre. What would he Bay of a process which gives us a sun picture in five minutes and an engraving of the same in two days ?— Troy Tmu. 