PREVAILING INFIDELITY. ' No great sagacity seems requisite to dis cern a truant disposition of mind too generally prevalent amongst us. It pre disposes our fellow men to turn aside' from the good old paths of ' truth and righteous- ness, leading them to choose the high ways and byways of the would-be-thought " lights of advanced science," and looking as 'twere for a moment, apart from the long contest of the Son and infallible Word of Heaven with Antichrist in its fearful travesty of things sacred with its crowning scheme— that the ' utterance of its high arch-priest, given at the dictum of a Jesuitical conclave, is; de facto, the word and command of the Lord Jesus Christ ! an assumption as absurd as it is truly blasphemous, that even the intuitive rationalism of Infidels laugh it to scorn ; and yet, notwithstanding, we see from the scientific nostrums of Infidelism as a science, it may claim kith and nearest of kin to the papacy and its Jesuitry. Ah ! in these last times a dark maze of vapoury ideas beclouds the regions of mental vision, not alone in the lower stratum of fallen humanity, but in the minds of men of high classic-ken, and of fine intellectual symphonies. It leads them to grasp at shadowy phantoms and lose solid realities ; it obscures the light of the heavenl truth. as it is in Jesus ; it even; causes them to discard the good spirit of God, and do ignore its influence as unworthy their en- lightened (?) consideration. All this may' be those murky vapours that are said tp issue from the huge den of Satan's Pande- monium for he is, is he not? "the Prince of the power of the Air," who will of natural men to acts of unbelieving disobedience, as against Jesus, His cause and His people. But our chief object now is to point to three special features on the grim phiz of Infidelism, and 'tis a queer aspect of truths form, in the which it stalks forth undisguisedly in our very midst '; and by your sufferance we will place it cheek-by- jowl;, in juxtaposition with -the. comely beauty of Christian doctrine, so that we, as His witnesses, may set to our seal that God is a true God—true to - His word in -Christ Jesus,.our;Lord— and be. more and more incited to buckle on tightly the whole armour of God, and to come forth the fearless soldiers Of Christ,; standing firm in. defence of the faith that " The Lord alone is our Righteousness- and the very strength of; our salvation !" Each one saying to his brother :- " I am Christ's soldier, trained for war, . His Word's my faithful , guiding star." This is needful, for the night shades . draw on 'apace. The mental ken of man kind is, Obscured by. the lurid gleams of the, adversary's poisonous exhalations; and his agents, vive voce, and through a semi- Papal semi-Infidel press,- propagate their crude theories. 1st. In lieu of the one infinite triune Jehovah, revealed in Holy Writ, Infidel- ism proclaims its triune God to be none else than this — "Humanity, the World,; and Space," — three in one. 2nd. In lieu of the holy life in and by Christ, and the blissful immortality which His Gospel of the Kingdom has brought to light, Infidelism tenders the enjoyment by preference of — "The impersonal absorption - of individuals (individuality) into a collec-' tive idea ;" and pronounced that "Human ity in place of Deity is the great and adorable being !". Alas ! and alas ! 3rd. In lieu of the "comforters" source of repose for une cccnr contrite— The love, of God our Heavenly Father, the grace of . His beloved Son, in whom He is well- pleased, and we are reconciled; and the blessed indwelling and communion of the Holy Ghost," Infidelism leads poor sin- tainted souls its captive vassals to an ear that cannot hear, and dares, in its mad audacity, to insult the living Majesty of Him who, on earth, in the days of His sorrow, " made the deaf to bear ;" thus Infidelism says—" Matter—its forces and its laws are the only domain of a human spirit." Ah, truly ! like priest, like people— Popish and Infidel ; for with Popeism, the domain of the spirit of its ; votaries , lies within the embrace of a wrinkled old lady: clad in scarlet, and' bedizened 'with -gew gaws. And with its twin sister, Infidelity, the domain of the human spirit' of its vassals lies in the embrace of dead decom posite matter ! Well, well, we fancy that; after all, there is but very little . choice between these twain- — " A live hag and her dead carcase ?' But we, as Protestants, repudiate with spirit-loatbihg the rank outcome that crops up in both these domains, and pray the Lord Jesus, our all-omnipotent Saviour to scathe by:. His breath the growth of such noxious errorisms. The time of restora tion hastens when the "new heavens and the new earth " will befall the fragrant outcomes of truth without any mixture of error, and its train of glad issues, long life, health, and happiness will greatly abound., This good time shall come, and in His own. appointed time, for we believe that there is a " fixity " of period as of purpose in the inscrutable decrees of Deity. According to some, the human race wax ; worse and worse. .. Everything, they say, !! is going. ,to the dogs. The State is ruled by corruption. The best contrived1 insti tutions break down through ; ! the iinmb-; rality of the men appointed to work them.' Of this verity, say they, the, United States; is-a shocking example, with its -Belknap - - and General Schenk scandals: The Legis- ' lature of New South Wales, and the in-! solvent City Council of Sydney, afford , these descendants ; of Cassandra excellent: - -oppprturiities ; of doud' lamentation:;1 The ' Ghurch,. tpb, is in as bad a condition. Its ,,. Ibadlfpliamecl' and..' ibadly- used, -. so much so that' .these weeping: 1 amd wailing1. beings .consider fit' 'an' open 5dci " .harm. j, a;|j a./ ii Men' with healthy. livers admit much corruption;-' folly-' and misery' to be' in the world.- However, they do not forget that .in historic times such .things always,- were \- here.' To prove that the i world waxes worse,' 'iit is' not suffieient'tphtfwthat' -cer-':-- ''tainv evils 'abiu'n'd''; itmust be 'showb/thSt!'.! i iid Da cue i-A to oj tm» Tj-MijiJ.yM uuw ..more and -tnaniif. did in; former times. This is exactly what the pessimists cannot do ; for, bad as things are, they are better than they were. Slavery, with its awful cruelty, its.destruc tion of sexual purity, : .robbery of human rights, has been rooted out of the European races, and with the approaching, death of Mohammedanism, will vanish from the earth Arbitrary despotism like ,- that of Turkish Sultans, - once prevailed in all lands, but ' ' it is' now' 'gone for ' ever in Turkey itself ; for the new Sultan came to power by the will of the nation. Crime is, and - has been, decreasing in Great Britain and in the colonies. Within, this century there has been a great modifi cation of the criminal laws in favour of mercy in all lands — John- Howard and the holy army of prison reformers have swept away those houses of woe, the prisons of the old time. The Inquisition, that diabolical : institution by means of which that loving mother of the nations, the Holy Roman Church,tortured, burnt and murdered the noblest of men and the purest of women— that horrible Inquisition is gone. ' Nothing but abominable indiffer- ence on the part of Protestants and the liberals of all nations, will ever allow it to be set up again. ' "Hosts of philanthropic, scientific, educational, and religious agen- cies are at play: for good on humanity which one time existed not. While the Press,' free, and filled' with ceaseless; energy, searches all comers, brings all; evils to light, evokes public opinion, , , and hastens the ruin of all the colossal in- iquities.'' Hence things are better— these are harbingers of the coming day. The era of the thorough Christianization of the nations, peoples, and tongues, in their individual family , national and cosmic , life is at hand. This latter statement will be gall and wormwood to the brethren of St.' Thomas the Apostolic type of Christians) who always look at the black side. Thomas saw failure and gloom everywhere, cit was very difficult to make him believe that Christ had vanquished death; overcome the grave, and was again among the living. So it is difficult to make pessimist Chris tians believe that through Christ death no longer reigns over humanity, but that life is the ruling and the winning force. One of the notable1 arguments of those people whose Bible contains only one book, and, that book " Lamentations," is, as they say, " the spread of infidelity." Likewise we are pointed to the wonderful culture of the great chiefs of unbelief in modern times, as compared with the ignorance of infidels 'in days o. 6f yore. , It is said the great array of living sceptics are rich in the old learning of the classic pre-Chris tian ages, and claim the new sciences as peculiarly their own ; and their enmity to the characteristic claims and doctrines of Christianity is relentless, and is doubtless devilish. Likewise that it must be allowed that more than human intelli gence leads on the assault of much of the cultured mind of the day against that divine faith which was once delivered to the saints. So the cry is " Christianity is in danger." Formerly the sinner cried out " What must I do to be saved." The Gospel answered, "Believe on the. Lord Jesus Christ, 1 and thou shalt be saved." Now-a-days, in the shameless madness of the pessimistic unbelief of men who claim to be believers, the question is sadly raised, " What can we do to save .Christ?" There can be no doubt that the wily Jesuit party are at the bottom of a good deal of this. It is their game to make peoples and nations to think Christianity in jeopardy, and then our noble friends come forward in their sublime audacity and offer to save it. These sinners of the Gentiles are ready to save the Saviour Himself. There is no actual proportionate in crease of unbelievers in the present time. Odd, to say,, there is a vast, increase of faith in the Christian religion. What are called unbelievers accept rnd act out Christian principles by the ' dozen, ' and many reject the wretched absurdities im posed by priests of several sorts, because of 'their faith in a cardinal "Christian principle like this, " God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship' Him in spirit and in truth." What is losing ground, is not Christ ' and the pure, Gospel. Priestism, Popery, monkery of all sorts are being burnt up in a furnace of criticism. God is destroying the veil which, Satan cast over the hearts, and minds of the peoples, lest they should see the " light of the glory of God shining in the face of Jesus Christ." That modern infidelity is really the reaction of humanity, not against Christ, but against the "Great Whore " and her myrmidons, listen to the eloquent and weighty words of R. W. Dale, M. A., of Birmingham— "There were times indeed when the Christian priesthood exerted an authority in the States of Europe, which they have happily lost. The science and learning of the West were in the hands of the Doctor's of the Church, 'and the priests 'of Rome inherited the great traditions and the principles of policy which had made the Eternal City the mistress of the world. They laid a strong hand on the vigorous, but uncultivated and superstitious nations, which overran the dislocated provinces of the fallen Empire, and governed them by their sagacity, by their courage, by their knowledge of the science of legislation, by the compactness of their organization and by their lofty pretensions to be the repre sentatives of the august authority of God, and the channels of His infinite mercy. Those were the days when the wealth and power of princes were at the command of the Church, and majestic cathedrals and stately monasteries, enriched with costly marbles, with curious sculpture, with shrines of silver and of gold, rose towards heaven in every country of Europe, from the North Sea to the shores of the Mediterranean ; and bishops were chancel lors and ambassadors of mighty kingdoms, and great priests outshone the splendour add defeated, the ambition of great nobles. They were " Ages of Faith," but the faith was not the faith which listens for itself to the voice of God, and finds in Him absolution from guilt,"'" consolation in sorrow, and the hope which triumphs over death, and exults in the vision of an im mortality -of glory. It clung to the priest rather than to Christ, and was filled with awe and wonder by power and magnificence of the Church rather than with devout fear and perfect joy by the majesty and love of the living God. And so, when the rulers of the Church became lascivious, : feeble, and corrupt ; and when the great resources of the races which they had disciplined arid civilised began to be developed, the " Ages of Faith" gradually vanished away. Many causes, contributed to that great revolution. The orators, philosophers, and poets of the ancient world arising from the tomb of centuries, wrested from priests and monks the intellectual supremacy which had been a principal element of their power. Statesmen and kings who had learned the art and princi ples of government from the Church, . began to desire to govern for themselves, and they chafed under the pretensions of ecclesiastical consuls deriving their author ity from Rome. The schism widened — the revolt went on. Every new genera tion added elements of bitterness to the conflict, and now that a great part of Europe has finally broken away from the control of the Church, it has, become apparent that, though Christendom had submitted to the ascendancy of the priesthood, it had never really submitted to the authority of Christ. The irreligion and the unbelief which were once suppressed by the power of a vast ecclesiastical organization are sup pressed no longer ; and the sullen moral resistance which was offered for centuries to the true Faith, and which revealed it self in the violent passions, the coarse vices, and the rude superstitions of an ignorant population, reveals itself now in an active and energetic intellectual antag onism," Henceforth the triumphs of the Gospel will be real — triumphs of the truth of Christ and of the power of the Holy Ghost. 