It would be a wonder indeed if Victorian ' holidays were to pass over without there arising abundant cause for complaint agafcst the management of our railways. Blunder ing- in connection with this department has become so chronic, or commonplace, that one wonld as soon expect onr railways to be managed dnring holiday times - withont confusion, as to see snow covering the housetops in February, or apples aDd peaches growing on tombstones. A dozen extra passengers, or a horse box or two, are often sufficient to disturb fhe arrange ments of a whole line on the most ordinary occasions. But when holidays come round ; when excursions, or special trains, are run, and when the traffic is almost trebled, then the department rises to the occasion magnificently. Then confusion springs to a height, or falb to a depth, that borders on the sublime. And, then, the lines, from their source to their termini, are so utterly demoralised that about fifty station-masters, athnndred or so porters, and almost the same number of gatekeepers are driven to the verge of frenzy and desperation. It is also at snch times as these that the management of the department is really appreciated, and that eveiy person who patronises the trains is pat to as much delay and inconvenience as the stupidity or neglect of Government officials can possibly accomplish. It was not to be expected, then, that the Easter holidays wonld be tided over with out somfe few hitches, or that the depart ment wonld be false to its traditions on this occasion ; and certainly the department is open to no charge of this sort. It has again magnificently vindicated itself ; again blundered as it had always blundered before. Thursday beheld the commencement of the excursion fares, and a large influx of extra traffic, and the season was splendidly inaugurated by the evening train from Mel- bonrne to Ballarat being dose upon an hour and a half behind its advertised time. The consequences, of course, were that the Ararat and Maryborough trains were started an hour and a half after their usual time ; that daylight nearly dawned before some of the passengers found themselves at the end of their journey; and that station-masters, porters, gatekeepers — in fact, the whole of the lines from Geelong to Ararat and Mary borough — were thrown into the utmost pos sible confusion. Several of the trains since then have been almost as late in reaching the Western station; and the same complaint comes from the main Hue — the manage- : ment in both cases being simply astound ing and disgraceful. But the crowning act of gross mismanagement was achieved on Good Friday afternoon, and it is the greatest mercy that this exploit did not cul minate in the loss of life, as well as in the sacrifice of time. The special train from Geelong to Ballarat gave a striking indica- ; tion of what was to follow, by running's : short distance along the line to Melbourne, before the engine-driver discovered his mis take; \A wrong signal, it' seems, had been given by the driver, and the pointsman accordingly sent the train in the direction of Melbourne instead of towards Ballarat. This difficulty was overcome by going back to the junction, and the train then etarted on the proper line that would lead it to its journey s . end. . But it was not destined to go far withont - getting into trouble. It had scarcely passed the Moorabool station before it came to a stand-still, and but for the promptitude with which the guird acted, a little telescopic business would have been done that afternoon by the close-fo! - lowing ordinary train, which wonld have cost both the' passengers and the country dear. The pressure of steam had subsided, and no exertion on the part of the driver and his assistant proved equal to the emer gency. The result was that the ordinary train had to posh the special train along the line, and at divers intervals tfiin extraordi nary process had_lo be repeated until the two trains reached Elaine. There they were made into one ; and in this fashion they managed to reach the Westers station about an hour and twenty minutes after the advertised time for the special to arrive,, and about three quarters of an hoar after the time when the ordinary train shonld have put in an appearance. It is ' a bitter satire , npon alt the delays , which have occurred since Friday, that special trains were laid on to enable the ordi nary trains to keep good time, and that the Minister of Railways has been in : Ballarat since Friday morniug, no doubt to see that his orders were obeyed, and to witness the perfect trinmph of his arrange ments. Now we hold the department perfectly guiltless of Friday's fiasco , since no person in authority could have foreseen that such a series of blunders would be committed by an experienced engine- driver, as then occurred, though only the first mistake wonld have arisen, had a fireman, Instead of a snpernnmeraiy, been placed on the engine. Bnt we wholly blame the department for all the rest of the confusion which has characterised the present holidays, and which we again observe has become positively and painfully chronic. The trains . are detaiued at Melbourne and Geelong in a most disgraceful manner, more particu larly at the latter station. This would not be the case were a proper supervision exer cised, or were the station- masters fined, as they should be, for their scandalous negli gence, and indifferentism in this respect. Again, every inducement is held out to the engine-drivers to "keep bad time" by giving them premiums for the saving of fuel. In spite of the same, system pre vailing in England, such a practice is absolutely so rotten a one that none bnt a parcel of maniacs would acclimatise it out here, or adopt it elsewhere. It Is not within the bounds of reason to suppose that the drivers will make up lost time at the expense of their coal hags, when to do so would (reduce their receipts, though extra speed is just the very thing that is required when trains are started late, or when the engine is drawing an extra number of carriages and passengers. The only process that would meet this nreminm business Tcmilri be te fine the drivers whenever they are late, but it would be more conducive to the interests of the general public to abandon premiums altogether, and to check waste by holding the engine-drivers responsible for auy neglect or indifference in this direction. But, under an)' circumstances, there is absolutely not a shadow of excuse for the glaring manner in which time is lost during holi day periods between Melbourne and Bal larat, and we have no hesitation in saying that as mnch blame i6 due for this state of things to the station-master at Geelong as to the authorities in Spencer street. Both detain the trains beyond the times at which they shonld start, and thus both throw the whole of the lines from their start to their finish into all the confusion and delay which characterise holiday occa sions. No clearer proof of this fact could be asked for than what is furnished at this end. Trains are never late in being de spatched from the Ballarat station, unless the employes here are compelled to detain the trains for the lighter lines through the late arrival of the Melbourne trains. The reason of this is that Mr MANLY, the station master, and Mr MaRTIN, the head porter, understand their duty, and do it ; and there is a larger traffic in and out of the Ballarat station than there is at Geelong. It only needs, then, the stupid premium system to be abolished, and officers like Mr Manly' and Mr Martin stationed at Melbourne and Geelong, to put down once and for all these persistent delays, and to secure some analogy between the time tables and the arrival of the trains at their destinations. Fending such officers being found for Mel bourne and Geelong, we have simply to state that these constant delays are a posi tive nuisance to the travelling public, and a standing disgrace to every person connected with the department. Ballarat has net been particularly brisk daring the last three days, though the visitors by rail to the seaside were less numerous this year than usual. The centres of attraction on Good Friday were the Lake and Botanic Gardens, on the former of which, owing to the favorable wind, a great number of boats were sailing about all day, while the steamers did a very large and profitable busi ness, the fare having been raised from 3d to fid for the occasion. The Botanic Gardens contained a considerable number of viators, who enjoyed them selves either looking at the monkeys and birds, rambling about the gardens, watching the arrival and departure of the several crafts, or taking part in the numerous croquet parties which had been formed to indulge in the laziest of all open- air amusements invented by mortal man. The great period of the Easter holidays, however, is to-day, when we may expect to see a little more vitality about the town and neighborhood ; and certainly the caterers for the occasion will not be to blame if there should be any listlessness in the town or district between tins and midnight. First and foremost, there is the Easter Fair in the Eastern Oval, and the ball in the Alfred Hall in the evening, in aid of the Public Library. Due preparations have been made for these events, and those who patronise the fair and ball will have plenty of amusement for their money. Then there is the picnic of the Good Templars at the Botanical Gardens ; sports at Derwent Jack's; races near the Racecourse hotel, Bungaree ; sports at Scars- dale during the day, and a ball in the evening; the -Easter Fair at Maryborough, to convey' passengers to which a special train srill leave the Western station this morning, at nine o'clock ; and a bazaar at Leannonth on behalf of the Cbnrch of Englaod building fund. There are also sports at Beaufort, where JE82 15s will be distributed in prizes, one of the events alone bring for £50. A concert will he given in the Golden Age Concert Hali in the evening, in which Mr and Mrs Uren, Miss Boyle; Mr J. Roberts, and Mr G. Herbert (pianist) will lake part. Com ing back home again, Mr Furlong, organist of St. Patrick's, assisted by a number of ladies and gentlemen, will give a grand concert at the Mecha nics' Institute this evening; 'the picnic of the Catholic Young Men's Association cf Ballarat will be held at Geriong : a rifle match will be held at the Ballarat butts between Ballarat and St. Hilda ; a tea meeting will be held in the Macorthur street Wesleyan Cbnrch during the evening, and a similar event will come off at the Mount Pleasant Sabbath School. Finally, there will be an exhibition of dissolving views, Ac., at Trinity Independent Church, Sturt street ; and JJaby Benson and com pany at the Theatre Royal. Easter Monday, therefore, promises to be a very enjoyable day in Ballarat and its surroundings. ; . Quite a chapter of mishaps befel the -midday spedal train "between 'Gpefamg aria Ballaratbn Good Friday. After the train had left Geelong its first exploit was to run on the Melbourne line, and it -had travelled about half a mile towards tbe metro polis before the error was discovered, or at least before the train was brought to a standstill. It seemB the driver has been accustomed to the Mel- bourne line; and. instinctively sounded tbitt signal and so'iuisled the pointsman'. This difficulty, how ever, having been got over by backing the train, a start was made on: the right .road, and all went merrily -enough until Moorabool had beeupassed, whim the tram came" to a dead atop. The guard got down and ran back along the line; waving with no little excitement a red flag, which caused aotne perturbation amongst -the passengers. In a few minutes rite ordinary train came up and pushed the special for some distance, or until the two arrived .at the next station, when the special trusted to its own' capabilities and left the ordinary , train behind. - The . special, i how ever, only ran a few "»!« when it again came to a standstill, and again was the process of waving die red flag in a frantic manner gone through by the guard. By this time the passengers had lost all confidence in the management of the train, and loudly demanded to be let ont of jthe carriages. Bat they were told to keep quiet, as there was no danger, and all would be well in (the end. In a few minutes the ordinary train again made its appearance and slowly approached the back of the special. The process of shoving the special train was then repeated, and thus the two managed to get over a few mere miles in company when they again separated, as the ordinary train had to stop at each of the stations, while the special was supposed to travel direct through frpni Geelong to BaUarat- About-half ag. Jiour elapsed when the special again refused point-blank to move, and again was the red flag frantically wared, and the process of the special bring poBbed along the line by the ordinary train repeated. In this way the two trains roadbed Elaine, when the engine-drivers and guards determined to unite the two traiDs. This was done, and the combined trains then reached their destination withont any further delay or inconvenience. The net result of all this confusion was to throw both trains considerably behind time, and ho small amount of indignation was - expressed by the passengers, both for the delay that had been caused, and for the fears which had been excited. The explanation of all these eccentricities on the part of the special is, that a supernumerary was acting as fireman, and had allowed the steam to rink so low that no amount of firing- tip vonfd raise the necessary pressure again. Great praise is due to the guard of the special train for the manner in which he exerted himself to prevent a collision, which on two occasions must have happened, with possibly great loss of life, but for the activity he displayed ; and the authorities ought to give him a suitable reward for the intel ligence and zeal which he displayed on the occa sion. The whole matter has been reported to the Minister of Railways, but with what result has not yet transpired. Strangely enough, the driver of ; the special is a very old employe5, and bears an excellent character for the care witli which he had always done his duty previous to this occurrence. We regret to have to record the death of the wives of two well known licensed victuallers of BaUarat, which took place on Saturday morning. One was that of Mrs Irwin, of the Provincial hotel, who had been ill for some time past ; and the other that of Mrs Duncan, of the Edinburgh Castle hotel, who died from English cholera. The funeral of Mrs Irwin took place yesterday, and was largely attended. Mrs Duncan's funeral will take place to-day,- -and, as will be seen by adver tisement in another column, the officers and members of the North Star Lodge, M.U.I.0.0 and the members of the Licensed Victuallers' Asso ciation are requested to be present. Our obituary notice this morning announces the death, at the early age of thirty-four, of Mrs Emanuel Stemfeld, which took place at her residence, Melbourne, yesterday. The deceased lady was for many years a resident of Bal larat, during which time she endeared herself ! to a very large circle of friends, by whom this wHl be read with nrflfonnd sorrow. The body will be conveyed to Ballarat for burial, and the funeral will move from the Ballarat West Railway station upon the arrival of the midday train to-day, at about balf-past three o'clock. On Good Friday morning Bishop Thornton preached in St. John's. Church, Soldiers' Hill, choosing lor his subject the crucifixion, the text I being taken from the 30th verse in the six. chapter ; of the book of St. John, " When Jesus therefore ; had received the vinegar, He said, it is finished ; \ and he bowed down his head, and gave up the ghost." In the evening the right -reverend genile- . man preached a sermon in Christ Church on the ; same subject, the text chosen being from the 2nd book of Corinthians, v. chapter, and 15th verse, J commencing with the words, " And that He died ; for all, that they which lire should not henceforth live unto themselves," &c.; The churches were crowded with attentive listeners. Dr Thornton preached in Christ Church yesterday morning, and in St. Paul's church last evening. Both churches were filled. We understand that the 10th May has been fixed for the lecture to be given by Mr M'lvor before the Ballarat Farmer's Club, and that the event will be celebrated by a soiree and ball the same even ing. By the courtesy of Mr Manley, the station- master, we were supplied with the following list of departures and arrivals by train during the 13th, ! 14th, and 15th instant. On the 13th, the number I of arrivals in Ballarat were 2500, and the depar- , tures numbered 1900. On the 14th, 2600 arrived j in Ballarat, and 1800 left. On the 15th, the arrivals I numbered 2000, and the departures 1 800. By these j figures it will be seen that the increase of arrivals over j departures is 1600. It may be added that the | arrangements at the two local stations were excellent. ! The funeral of the late Mrs Fry took place oa ' Saturday. The remains were followed from the deeeafed's late residence to the Minersrest Ceme tery by a considerable number of mourners, con veyed by twenty carriages. The Rev. Wm. Hen derson delivered a prayer at the private house before the funeral commenced, and the Rev. Mr ' Adeney read the funeral service of the Church of England at the grave. The deceased was buried ' in Mr Fry's family vault, in the Church of Eng land portion of the cemetery. . It is to be regretted that the match with the Bohemians was terminated on Saturday by an ' unpleasant little incident, which, as it is to be j brought before the committee of the cricket club, ; we content ourselves at present with simply , chronicling. After the conclusion of the game, Mr W. H. Figgis, as secretary of the club, refused to allow Brokenshire to take one of the balls, as usual, to present to the winning captain, his reason being that Brokenshire should, in his opinion, have strung on the game to make it a draw, and pulled . the stamps precisely at the arranged hour. The case stood thus. At half-past five the stumps were to be drawn, and at twenty-eight minutes past five nine of the Ballarat wickets had fallen, and the tenth man was unable to be present. Wilkie, the Bohemian captain, then allowed a substitute, and it was after the arranged hour when the last wicket fell. Three fresh cases of scarlet fever occurred in Ballarat East on Saturday. None of them, how ever, show dangerous symptoms. We are glad to hear that Mr Bagshaw, the secretary of the Carnival committee, has so far recovered ho m his late -serere sickness as to be able to resume his duties this morning. Prepara tions for the drawing of the art-union on the 25th and 2Cth April instant will be proceeded with at once. A meeting of the gentlemen who have undertaken to superintend the drawing will be held next Wednesday evening, when all necessary arrangements will be made, 60 that the drawing may be conducted satisfactorily. An early day will be fixed by them for counting the tickets to be used — namely, 100,000 numbers and 2000 prizes and blanks— after which being done, and certified as correct, such tickets will be placed in tbeir respective boxes, and the Mayor of the City will affix the corporate seal on each box, which will not then be opened until the boxes are required. Blade boards will be provided at each side of the stage at the Academy of Music, and, ss.each number is drawn, it will he posted thereon in large figures, together with the corresponding prize or blank (on the opposite side) as the case may be, aud prioted lists of the returns will be published every hour. The amounts owing by agents have been con siderably reduced during the past week, and those : who are still in arrear are requested to settle up forthwith. St. Patrick's was crammed yesterday morning, , when High Mass was celebrated by Dr O'Connor, ! Bisbop of BaUarat, assisted by Dean Moore and a : number of priests connected with the Roman I Catholic Church. The choir rendered selections from Beethoven in C and from Haydn's lfith Mass ! very creditably. Mr Fnrlong, the organist, played i the accompaniments with excellent taste, and Mr 1 Wrigiey displayed his usual ability as conductor, i Several old BaUarat identities were present in the i choir, namely, the Messrs OUver, Whitten, &c.; j The soprano ports were taken by Misfc Boyle and ! Miss Crowley, the alto puds by Miss Brennanand Mrs Furlong, the tenor by Mr S. Wrigiey, and the bass by Mr Lake. The mass was concluded with the Hallelujah Chorus from " The Messiah." Divine services is celebration of the church an niversary were held yesterday in the Macarthur street Wesleyan Church. In the morning the Rev. E. L Wat kin preached, hie text bring Luke xxir., 34, "The Lord is risen indeed, and hath I appeared to Simon." In the afternoon the Bev. I E. L Watkin delivered a second -sermon from I Acts viii_ 5 — 8, commencing with the words,'" " Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached -ChriBt unto them." the Bev. J. J. Watstord preached, taking for his text Darnel v., 27, "Thou art weighed in the balance and found wanting." The collections which were made during the day were in aid of the trust fund, and amounted to about X5. On Good Friday morning the new Wesleyan Sabbath - schorihonse -at Mdunt Pleasant, was dedicated by the Bev. Joseph Albiston. Subse quently a rale of gifts, formaUy opened by Mr James Long, was held in the scboolbouse, and was continued ou Saturday, and snch were the attractions of the gifts and the presiding deities combined, that something like £46 was realised. Yesterday three sermons were preached in connec tion with the same subject ; in the morning by the Bev. Joseph Albiston, -in the afternoon by the Bev. J. Leslie, and in the evening by Mr M. Hosking. Collections were made at aU the services, in aid of the school fund. One of the new first-class cars made at the Wiiliamstown workshops put in an appearance at the Western Station on Saturday, having been brought up for the first time to Ballarat by the afternoon train. The car wae much and deservedly "admired, both for lh elegance of its appearance una for the common-sense und skill which are dis played in its construction. This car is about bjir the size of the pattern one obtained from America, I and has been running for the last twelve months on the Sandhurst- and North Eastern lines. It re turned to Melbourne in the evening. The bowling match Ballarat v Fltzroy, played on the Fitzroy ground on Friday afternoon, re sulted in a victory for the latter. The following were the scores :—l Sink— Fitzroy, 25; Ballarat, 19\. 2 Rink — Fitzroy, 28 j Ballarat, 14. 3 Bink — Fitzroy, 25 ; Ballarat, 28. 4 Rink— Fitzroy, 37 ; BaUarat, 28. Fitzroy thua beat BaUarat by 36 points. The water drawn from the mains on Soldiers' Hill, on Good Friday evening, was as white as milk. Quite a vapor arose from it, and efferves cence took place, till the water in a short time be came clear again. A similar circumstance hap pened some years ago. Of the 1101 persons assisted at the BaUarat Benevolent Asylum last week, 491 were children. Last Thursday, at Mount Egerton, Mr James Merson, travelling agent for the Australian Mutual Provident Society, lectured on the special features of the above office. Daring the past year the office, he said, had completed 4144 new policies, bring a larger number than any other life office in the world for one year, and mote than all the other colonial offices put together. The lecture, which wae very well put together, was listened to atten tively throughout. Mr M'Lennan, a farmer, residing at Claren don, received some severe injuries on Friday evening, 'at Lai Lai, through being kicked by a horse. The unfortunate man was immediately taken to his home in an insensible state, and medi cal assistance, in the person of Dr Sparling, ob tained. On Saturday night he was in a very | critical state, and veiy little hope indeed was en tertained of his recovery. The booths, gates, £ Races were submitted to public competition on Saturday last, at Bropby's bold, by Messrs Hep burn and Leonard. Mrs M'Cr-nn. of the Egiinton Arms hotel. Market street, became the pur chaser of the booth for £26 ; Mr M. Fanning bought the stand, paddock, and gates for £10 ; Mr Potts the right to the correct " cards for £1 10s ; and Mr O'Lnnghlin the confectioner's booth for 35s. Baby Benson, it was announced by Mr nepbnro, would, on Thursday evening, present, at the Theatre Royal, a gold-mounted whip to the winning jockey, after the winning colors. The Revision Court, which was to have been held at Ballarat East last week, stands adjourned until Thursday next. A laborer, named Thomas Fitzgerald, was arrested in Bungaree on Thursday night, and for warded to the Ballarat East lock-up, it bring suspected that he was the eagerly-sought -for perpetrator of the Burrumbeet outrage. Mr Scott, J.I1., was sent for, but it was found that the wrong man had been captured. He was accordingly allowed to proceed at liberty. The superintendent of the Orphan Asylum acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of £1 Is from the BaUarat Fire Brigade, for a treat for the children during the Easter holidays. In consequence of the fuoeral of Mrs Fry having been fixed for Saturday at two o'clock, the usual meeting of the Farmers' Club did hot take place. The Buninyong National Reform League has lately had a considerable accession to its numbers. These new members express their dissatisfaction with the want of earnestness displayed by tbe M'CuUoch Ministry, and declare the policy of the Government to be designedly a sham, for motives already manifest. A lad named William Rothery, living in Ripon street, was riding up Sturt street on Saturday night, when a cab, which was being driven along without lights, ran against him, and the wheel struck against his knee, brusing it badly. He was taken to the Hospital, where his injuries were attended to, and he is now doing welL A rifle match between the Ballarat Rangers and the St. Kilda Artillery will he fired this morning, i Martini-Henry rifles wiU be used : seven rounds at I 200, 500, and 600 yards. The St. Hilda team is as under: — Sergeant- Major Whslley, Sergts. Hacker, and Raymond, Corporal Phyer, Gunner Bram- vrell, Sergt. Limerock, Gunners Ure, Hendren, Scotson, and M'Coach. The first five of the above will fire at eight n.ru. sharp, as also the following BaUarat men : — Col. Rede, Major Sleep, Quarter- Master White, Sergeants Grant and Dubberlin. Tbe second squad of both teams will fire at eleven a.m. The Eight Honrs' Association has decided to hoid a ball in the hail of the Mechanics' Institute on the 21st instant, to celebrate the anniversary of i the association. The proceeds will be given to the j Benevolent Asylum. The name of the Borough of Amherst has been changed by a Gazette notice to that of the Borough of Talbot. In another column will be found a report of the annual session of the grand lodge of the Inde pendent Lodge of Good Templars, together with the public temperance meeting and sermon in con nection therewith. To-day a picnic will be held at the Gardens. The funeral of Jacob Heintz, who was killed at Spanhake's claim, took place on Good Friday, and was attended by a large number of the members of the German Association and the deceased's mates, by whom he was held in high esteem. His remains were interred in the New Cemetery. The April term at the School of Mines com mences to-day. Mr P. Hedrick, J.P., is gazetted returning officer for the school district of Baninyong. We are compelled to hold over some letters until to- morrow. A colored man, named William Brown, a laborer by occupation, was arrested on Saturday by Senior-constable Nolan, charged with imposing upon Mr Robert Nixon by a fraudulent verbal re presentation, with a view to obtain a benefit. He will be brought before the Town Eulice Court this morning. We have received a letter of complaint against the choir at St. Paul's Church of England, Bal larat East. We must decline to publish the con tents ; partly because such kindly given services are not open to public criticism, and partly be cause the complaint in this instance has not a shadow of fact for its justification. An African, named Jonas Jackson, a laborer, wae brought before the Town Police Court on Saturday morning, charged with having broken into the dwelling-place of James M'Curdy, at Bungaree, on the 13th instant, and stolen there from a handkerchief. There was a second charge against him of having stolen a bottle, the property of John Maher, on tbe same day. The mayor oc cupied the bench, and remanded him to Bungaree, to appear on the I9th instant. Everybody in the district will be glad to hear (writes the Ovens and Murray Advertiser) that Rev. Dr Tbumton, the talented and eloquent Bishop of Ballarat, is about to pay us a visit next month. According to present arrangements the Bishop will preach in Trinity Church, Wangaratta, on Sunday, 7th May, and then pay . a hurried visit to Bright and Myrtieford. He will he present at a tea meeting to be held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beeehworth, en Wednesday. 10th May, and will then -visit Yackandandah and Eldorado, returning in time to preach in Christ's Church, Beeehworth, on Sunday, 14th May, on which day be wili also deliver an address to the children in the afternoon. Trains will run as follows to-day between Ararat and Pleasant Creek. The ax " up f trains will leave Stawril (says the News) at G.45 « m , 9 sat, 11 a.m., 2 p.m., 4 p.m., and 6 p.m respec tively, arriving at Ararat in about three- quarters of an hour ; and, returning, leaving that town at 7.45 a-ni-, 10 aim, 12 noon, 3 p.m., 5 p.m., and 7 p.m., respectively. Return tickets to Ararat, 4s first class, and 2s 6d second class. A -lad, named Fulton, is .expected to lose the sight of one of his eyes through plaving with a dynamite cap. He struck It with a hammer, and ! thus caused its explosion. The disaster iiappened I at Pleasant Creek, and is reported by the ! Chromde. _ From the Australasian it appears that Signor j Ricciotti Garibaldi, a son of Italy's liberator, I .General Garibaldi, has been for some time a resi- : dent in Melbourne. J Yive live hwes (says the RjponstT-e Adcocate) I were despatched on Thursday morning from Beau- j IM1 awsuxiunie, en route lor Sydney, N-S.VV,. to stock that colony. A man named 0"NeB (says the St. Aroaud Mo- am,) baa been lost in the bush near East Chariton since Snnday last When he left the township he was suffering from a slight attack of delirium tremens. All the available men in and around East Chariton are looking for him. No trace of the missing man has yet been discovered. The Rev. Father Barry (says the Age), formerly connected with St. Francis' Church, Melbourne, who left the colony some years ago, and whose name was once prominently before the public, died recently m the United States. The combination of untoward circumstances under which the complimentary L»n to Captain Dittmar and the "officers of the German corvette Luise i took place on Thursday evening operated very disastrously (says the Age) npon the success of the undertaking. As - co- ml- j stration to our foreign visi failure, in consequence of the ,crv i= , -f asW»! Pjexent (only about 200). and "''f- Wasb, of the Philadelphia rifle team w.f; e.EPPart thing at all, but a small addition. ' if «v. Notwithstanding all tliefauiii'V., posed to be offered for the ac„u fi tap , property by means of the UnoY-i J Yf !,DM the Talbot Leader) seems to be e'aoeri- ! ; fJi and to realise in all eases in that on Wednesday affords an instanre p- lSpr»«t acres of farm land brought £1"> m an stock and chattels were dispoE'ed of T.lS prices. Mr J. S. Stewart JP& fever", says the J/ . - " (Queensland) Chronicle , has reached V Dr Little, the resident f 'the h" secretary to the institution, and th» each tendered their resignation. ., (a'rirai hate bang to'proceed to Muihgau's new rash U1Iwtio!' The publication of the j ,, newspaper has ceased. The is in the market for £130. ' The Clunes Guardian mention a an " remarkable memory that cumbent of St. John s Church of I- i - ?f' a' Hill, recites the whole ot the cvir.-h «' > ' memory. On tbe occasion of bi< fe also rendered the burial servt. ""she of reference. 'Ju: £Cv t'At The following hint to liuee ostrich fanning in Victoria. i,j Ararat Advertiser) to prov.- . r .. th; the Cape papers states that the rahw",, J:!s ot feather shipped from the Oi-v , 'iWdt 1875 was £301.-223, and il:,- ; j : a , ' "" I® from ostrich fai-rus. Tl.i, aisiottti; j,. . vance of nearly £100,000 on th.- (. from the Cape the year previ L ' " The gentlemen wh.i intere-.-vl th,-n - affording Master J. L. Kru„ ;m ® obtaining a musical educ iri .n (t „.!£. I i pleased (says ill? Argus.- to h. .r tin I intelligence was received lv the n,iii ,f !- gress he is making. Ar a musi .1 )ar ,. 7 ?» a February at Berlin, at which i)e lU... , 11 skillet musicians, the prop?, a! ... . , ntab- V1 great composer. Taubert, that s-jnteif tL»" should play one of his quintettes at fir-- himself presiding at the pian-.. fr-iV!-,- Eruse the second, but the firmer. ir-vi-VY h through his parr, did not care . . at first sight, and asked Km,- r-j rW.SI? which he gladly did. Tile i-itir.u-te. d't -4' difficult composition, went very well, iia 1 T-uW at its conclusion warmly cnn-V.: a ;;:-.' Krile> his playing. Kruse writes' Lpprfa splendid master, and that under Lis Taii - £ making great progress. In a recent UerisLimJl Kruse is alluded to as adorning the high mnsic at Berlio, and Joachim his vipr-;cE -j- opinion that he promises to he a great raGhcian. The Telegraph understands that there is sven deplorable circumstance connected with tie caa i Thomas C. Close, who was arr,--tc-d last we&b;? the Melbourne detectives for laving c-tnhezzli money belonging to the boruuah council of Sliddies- brough, Yocksltire. lie brought no mcrac-T with him, having had to borrow sunn; on borrl ship on some valuables he had ; and as lie wa5 ar.-oanacjaj by his wife and a family of fiv,. chi'cr.a. the lar® are placed in a most painfui position. Tta iiti no friends or relatives in the i--;':onv. ;i- : told that Mrs Close is emire-h without the njsa of returning with her children to England. Sir Samnel Wiisou'6 expensive experiments trying to acclimatise salmon in Victoria does ox promise (says the Argus) to turn c-nt so sueees- fully as could be wished. Nm-vithstaniiag tie care and attention that has been paid u die onit Ercildonn, only five fish have been hatched on: m to the present time. Of the.-e. hnvre-Ter. oalri single one can be seen, and that is the fim not that was hatched. This salmon looks heakhviad lively, but the others have in some nnaccoccaifc way disappeared. They may. however, sal; re- main m the hatching boxes, although not st pre sent to be seen, and as Sir Santnel Wilson his stffl about 150 eggs, all of which look healthy, he is in hopes of yet obtaining more young fry. At the ice works, in Melbourne, Mr ('liffrrd has sriliafev thousand eggs that look well, and although some people who have seen them believe the eyes of the young fry are now becoming visible. Jlr'Cifiadis not quite so sanguine. If the theory proves cor rect, in the course of a few days there will be sous young fry to be seen iD Melbourne. Sir Samd Wilson anticipates that the experimental shipment of a few hundred ova, which be has telegraphed for to England, will be sent ont by tie mtii steamer leaving in April, or, at the Litest, by the May mail. A ead accident (says the Age) occurred on the River Yaraa on Friday, by which a sod of Dr Law rence, of Fitzroy, a youth eighteen years of age. lost his life. The deceased was paddlingdownthent® in a light canoe, when it suddenly overturned and he was thrown into the water. The oecurreas was witnessed by several persons npon the bank, and a boat was quickly on the spot, bnt the mfur- tunate lad did not rise to the surface. Mr Gordon, C. E., the Chief Engineer of Vied- rian Water Supply, who is at present in Sew Zealand, has reported that to carry oat the pro posed harbor improvements at I'ort Chalzas wonld involve an expenditure of i"l.'Kv|.iV' . sad take twenty years to effect. Mr Andrew Dillon, of the Sydney Haaibil Club, has challenged Mr Langiiam. champion of Victoria, to a handball contest for £lw or 200 a -sice. The Sydney Evening .V. states that the challenge is extended to any other person in the Australian colonies. On Saturday evening the Baby Benson trcape opened a short seasoo at the Theatre BayiL There was a very fair attendance, die iorer por tion of the house being crowded, wiiile the dress circle and side boxes were fairly y -.tr-iriseL Miss Dolly Driseoll was very saccessfitl in kr stags, "Is my darling true to me t" an-i hs co-j-inaira inrepiy. The "baby" wasasatEractiveaseret.and Jennie Benson's lerpsivhoncin feciswereasc-uteny performed as the most criii-\'i! cv.il-1 fetre. ak F. Gill was thoroughly at hont.- in his skcteha # Irish character, in which the - Liny." w : t h ruatdfoli variations, also excites the v..-:, : r nuti dehght of the audience. The programme v- m tie chattged | this evening. 