HAUNTED NIGHTS OF RESTLESSNESS. At night when all the Louse is sleep but yourself, do you not, Mr Thackeray, asks of bis ' jolly friend,' get up and peep into your skeleton's closets. What though, in William Spencer's diction, no bloodless shape your j way pursues, no sheeted ghost your couch annoys : * visions more sad your fancy views, | visions of long departed joys!' A man thinks ot so many things when he is alone by himself of a night, complains Liusday in James Hau nay's story; ' things come popping up out of his memory and look hiui in the face-things that he thought he had sunk, they come to the surface like a corpse in the sea, detaching itself from shot.' When Eustace Conyers moots the opinion that life is an awfnl thing, * Tes, under one aspect,' assents the placid Don : ' When one wakes suddenly at night disagreeable thing that!' Another practised band of the same craft, if not exactly a right hand with exactly the same emitting, strings ^together sententious notes of exclamation, in a series of sequent senteuces, upon what a wretched thing it is, that waking in tbe middle of the night and remaining awake for several hours-how gigantic all our difficul ties appear, looked at in the'cold light of stars, or under the moonbeams which insult us by their very placidity-wiih what frightful ac curacy we then collate all our sins of omission and commission, and review but cannot revise tbem. ' Nemesis rides rough-shod over us ; w,e twist, and turn, and writh, and every move ment disturbs a fresh host of phantoms of the past, who forthwith start in motion, and gibber and mock, and deride, and madden.' * And we whine mea culpas and pray God to drug our memories till the morning.' Ano ther brother of the pen dilates in like mood on the spectres that come in the night-season, or at tbe worst of all times, when tbe night is dead and the day is not yet born, when, if it be our doom to lie awake, all disagreeable thougbts^and fancies claim us for their own. 6&untTess;, by such reckoning, are the costly items that present themselves to our dreary gaze at that unholy four o'clock waking, and chase slumher from our fevered eyelids.' In the depth of every heart, as Nathaniel Haw thorne has it, there is a tomb and a duDgeon, though the lights, the music, and the revelry above may cause us to forget their existtvice, and the buried ones, or prisoners, whom ibey bide. But sometimes, and oftenest at mid night, he goes on to say, those dark recepta cles are flung wide upon. ' In an hour like this, when the mind has a passive sensibility, but no active strength ; when the imagination is a mirror imparting vividness to all ideas, without tbe power of selecting or controlling thee; then pray that your griefs may slumber, and the brotherhood of remorse not break chain.9 Bad enough without these last is the nightmare of the soul, heavy sinking of the spirits, the wintry gloom about the heart, the indistinct horror of the mind, blending itself with the darkness of the chamber, which the author of * Septimus' so graphically depicts. Tbe silence of the night, in Thackeray's phrase is'peopled with the past; sorrowful remorses for sins and shortcomings, memories of pas sionate joys and griefs rise out their grave, both now alike calm and sad ; eyes, as we shut ours, look at us. that have long ceased to shine, Francis Jacox. 