LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE YAHL WESLEYAN CHURCH. The foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Church which has been commenced at Yahl was laid on Wednesday afternoon last, and the resi dents of that locality turned the day into a general holiday. They collected in great force, aud as their number was swelled by a consider able influx of visitors from Mount Gambier, there was a large attendance at the several events connected with the laying of the stone. The ceremony was fixed for half-past 2 p. m but in consequence of some unavoidable delay it was after 3 o'clock before it was performed. Then the Rev. A. Stubbs gave out the 737th Hymn from the Wesleyan collection, after .the, singing of which he offered prayer. He after wards read the 84th Psalm, at the close of which he invited Mrs. C. Fidler to lay the stone. Presenting her with the trowel, level, and mallet with which she was to do so, he said he had great pleasure, in the name of the trustees of the church, in presenting them to her as a memento' of the occasion. Mrs. Fidler then handled 'the various tools and laid the stone, declaring it "well and properly laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After the laying of the stone. Mr. M. C. Wilson read a copy of the document which had been placed in the bottle that was deposited in the cavity beneath the stone. Its contents were as follow :-"Yahl Wesleyan Methodist Church. The corner stone of this church, laid this 26th day of April, 1876, by Mrs. Fidler, of Mount Gambier. Minister of the Circuit, Rev. A. Stubbs. Local Trustees-David Norman, sen., Isaac Pasfield, George Norman, Ellis Norman, J. Yiney, R. P. Wilson, S. T. Webb, A. J. Wedd, M. C. Wilson, W. J. Haines, and James Cock. Builder-J. Goss, of Mount Gambier. President of Conference-Rev. W. P. Wells, secretary of Conference-Rev. C. H. Goldsmith. 39 th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria." Besides this document a copy of the Border Watch of April 26, 1876, was placed in the bottle. The Rev. Mr. Stubbs then gave out the hymn commencing,'' Jesus, lover of my soul," after the singing of which he briefly and appropriately ad dressed the people around. He said he should like in the first place to say,'" Grace be with' all them who love the Lord Jesus Christ with'sincerity, " wherever they might be. The burden of his subsequent remarks was the reasons of his attach ment to the Wesleyan Church, and he would say that he believed the more fully we under stood the reasons of our attachment to the vari ous churches of Christendom the easier we would find the exercise of Christian charity to one another. The first reason of his attachment to the Wesleyan Church was that she was the Church of his conversion. She was his spiritual birthplace, and he loved her with an affection akin to that which the true patriot felt towards his native country. A second reason for his attachment to that Church came from the free and unfettered gospel which she preached ; and another reason for his favor was that, in the Wesleyan Church there was work for every one of her members to do. She had en shrined the practical genius of Christianity. He rejoiced that they had met that day to lay the foundation stone of a little Christian Church, which he hoped and' believed would be to the neighbourhood in which they lived like an oasis in the wilderness to the traveller. He hoped that as long as that church was permitted to stand amid wind, and sunshine, and storm, , a free and unfettered salvation would be pro claimed to a Christian world. A number of donations were then laid on the foundation stone, after which an adjournment was made for the public tea. This was held in the Yahl hop store, and a large number as sembled to partake of the good things provided by the ladies of Yahl. The public meeting was held in the evening in the hop store, Mr. S. T. Webb, of Mount Gambier, presiding. As the meeting was designed to serve a double object-to celebrate the laying of the foundation-stone of the church and the anniversary of the Sunday School - Mr. Wincey read the annual re port of the school, which showed that there were 46 children on the roll. The average attendance was 36. The number of teachers was 5. The meeting was subsequently addressed by the Rev. A. Stubbs, and Messrs. D. Norman, sen., J. Goss, W. Wedd, and M. C. Wilson. The Sunday- school children led by Mr. D. Norman, sen., contributed to the even ings pleasure by singing several hymns. Mrs. Wincey presided at the harmonium. . Tlie meet ing closed, after votes of thanks were passed to all who had taken part in the day's pro ceedings. We learn that the total pecuniary results of the day-donations. aud collections amounted to nearly £30, which will be devoted to the Trust Funds of the new church. 