THE A.J.C. LEGER DAY. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] In future years, when racing events are revived and discussed, the A.J.C. Leger of 1876 will always stand out prominently, and take precedence of all other notable circumstances which may have taken place on the Randwiok grounds. The fell of three honee in the Leger race, the instantaneous death of the trooper's horse, the disappointment experienced by the favorite who was thereby defrauded of the race, the miraoulous escape of the jockeys, the time the raoe was run in, besides the opening of the new grand stand, are eTento that will long be recollected by those who were present, and they were many, for in round numbers there could not have been lees than 10,000 or 12,000 persons on the course. Fortunately the weather was fine, and though the ground was rather holding, it had dried wonderfully by the time the. great race of the day was run. The rush for the four-hone busses in George-street was amongst the amusing incidents of the day. So anxious were people to secure seats that they besieged every bus as it arrived from the suburbs, not giving the occupants time to get out or to get off. Hats, coats, and dresses all suffered, yet the chief actors in the drams seemed to smile and enjoy the fun as much as the onlookers, and in no instance was there traceable the slightest display of temper, though some persons got pretty well crushed and pushed about The road to the course presented a very pretty and striking sight, numerous car riageß, endless four-horse busses, hansoms galore, and a few well-appointed drags, being tooled along in one long unbroken line. The pikeman did not object, and the person who gave £1100 for the gates must have thanked Providence for the charming weather whioh favoredhispurchase. The stertforthe Hurdle Race took place at noon, Gaffer Qrey being made the favorite, and winning as he liked, Erin second, not being sufficiently at home over the little sticks, the perfect Gaffer gaining lengths at every jump. The Pearl was a good third, and the rest nowhere. It was a match for the Cum berland Stakes between Kingsborough and Southern Cross, the former winning easily, though the mare had a very strong and influen tial party who took the odds right up to the start The weight either told on the little mare, or she was a trifle off. Rapid Bay slipped crowing the tan, and pulled his rider out of the saddle—unfortunately so, for Rapid Bay would have surely felt Kingsborough's pulse, and it would have guided us in our estimation of the maid'b chance for the Cup. Of the nine young sters opposed to the Chrysolite colt in the Champagne Stakes not one had the ghost of a chance with him. In fact> he was winning so easily that Morrison bad to pull him back twice inside the distance-post Lady Mary should have been second had Bhe got off as well as some of the others did, but it was not her luck, bud going up to the leaden spoiled her for the finish. Queen's Head is a big plain filly, with a long stride ; and the Cardinal surprised many by bis third place. The tried flyers Zara and Rose were nowhere when it came to racing, though it was Baid of them that they had done wonders at home. Tho Chrysolite colt is a game, good- natured colt, with any amount of strength and endurance, and, unless somebody errs, be will prove a better three than a two-year-old, —distance will turn out to be his forte. Eight horses started for the Leger, and not a single filly, and had not that lubberly trooper got in the way it would have been a grander nice than it was. A trooper stationed at the last turn had been chasing a dog off the course, and pulled up right in the track of the homes. How Robin Hood and Valetta escaped is marvellous; but he brought to earth Valentia, Snladin, and Red wood, besides forcing Richmond on to his head and knees. Saladin's shoulder struck the trooper's horse on the head and neck, dislocating the neck, and causing instantaneous death. Valentin fell over the trooper,'s horde, and Soladin fell on to Redwood, who was on his quarters on the out side, while the latter canuoned Richmond. Holes scrambled his horse together, and, though fifteen lengths behind, reached Valetta and beat him on the post, but never fairly caught Robin Hood, who was declared the winner by a head. The Judge says that in the next stride Richmond was two hwdi in front of Robin. When the accident occurred the favorite iraa goins easily, and mtut hare won the race with something to spare. Had Valetta been ridden in his usual bit he would have beaten Robin, but bis owner took a fit into his head to have him ridden in a leather bit, against the reasoning of his rider. The consequence was he ran away in the race, Lewis having no control whatever over him, and he fairly ran himself out When the accident oocurred Valentia was run ntag ray well > *nd there is no doubt he would have been about at the finish. He is much better than Clifton, who was third at the dis tance. It was a fast race, and a long way before any other similar event on the same course. Briseis won the Donoaster Handicap comfortably, Wrangler dividing Southern Croat from her, and Brunswick and Irish Stew were the two first in the Trial Stakes, though had not Negress run in side a post it is possible aha might have been re turned the winner. In consequence of the falling through of the Hurdle Race, by the non- acceptance of three horses, the number requisite to make it, the committee of the North Australian Joqkey Club have substituted an " All-comers' Selling Race of 50 sovereigns, weight for age, the winner to be sold for £50, and entrances, with £2 10s., to he in the hands of the seoretary, Mr. C. F. Chubb, Ipswich, by the 3rd of May next. A Hurry Scurry hurdle race, in. connection with the same dub, is also advertised. The fashionably-bred and really handsome brown colt by Fireworks out of the Fly, bred by Mr. C. B. Fisher, and purchased from him for J. P. Bell, Esq., was being trained by W. Ruddle for the local Maiden Plates " and other races," but went, in sporting parlance, all over crooked with swamp cancer, stiffness in joints, 4c, so much so that the colt has had to < be turned out to see if nature will effect what the veterinary surgeons found it im- . possible to do—cure the horse. An accident occurred to another of the Victorian importa tions, Newbold, who got a great knocking about on Saturday last, just before he entered the horse-box at Oxley Point His hind legs are terribly cut about, and the trainer attaches the blame to the reckless manner in which the lug gage team was driven behind the horse, and with which he got entangled. The Gemma di Vergy colt, from Sydney, accompanied Newbold and Silver Fox to Warwick on Saturday, where New hold's wounds are to be attended to. The other two horses are to contend for the liberal prises given there.this year. 