FICTION. (?rona EHsUtb, American, ud olb.r FukKlleaU. A, DAY TOO li ATE; OB, THE HELE OF GREYfcUMT. EY CARR I.E. C O NK.LI N,. CÜAPTÍB XT.VIIÏ. ' THE LAST PROBATION. , There ,ar« some emotioiis which no pen bas powerito desoribe-feelings at once so sacred and so powerful, that though-the language) has ne words to'write them in, they are known to the simplest mind. The deep delight Kate felt when ehe bold her ohild in her arms at last was of sqoh a kind. The loving syllables and passionate kisses she gave bim rather expressed the hanger of her BOUI than satisfied it. , " DO yon remember me, my darling," she asked with a tearful thrill in her rioh voice, " yoars and years ago, when yon wore quite a little child ?" t __ ; He did remember. She-questioned him upon such things as she thought most likely to have left an impression, and heard with almost wondering joy bow well ho recollcoted. He knew bia rookinK-horse, again, and he recognized a model stewn^eBgine;-bougbrt4pr him by Tom Aylmcr; his owifportrait, painted when he was three years old, grew familiar to him after a time. .. Kate thanked Heaven in her soul that his lot bud not fallen in a placo less pleasant than the farm at Govendean. Sho could judge by the inoidents ho mentioned how kind they bad been to him, and she bogan to have quite an interest in John and Jacob--stanoh friends to the boy> she was sure For Mr Lewis-grandpa, as Ferdinand called bim-she sent as soon as she knew be was in the bouBe. , "J can never thank you for your kindness," eke said, taking thesturdy yeoman's hand between both her own ; " It must bave been more tban mere kindnesaa whioh bas won my ohild's affeotioDS I wish it was in my power to make yon some return " "Don't let bim quite forget mo," said the farmer, simply, " that is all I want ; and send a kind word, if yon can, to my daughter-she is dying " Kate pressed his hand. " It seems that I have more to thank her than to blame her for. Tell her I am grateful for the eare she took of him in the midst of her own pain ; that I hope not a single moment of the time she may have loft will bo troubled by a recollection of the thing her husband made her do, and that her boy shall never want a friend when she is gone. 1 will provide for him " _".I will-tell, her what yotusay tQ^ comfort her," said Mr. Lewis, wonderering how a woman so beautiful' could bave had an enemy -base enough to steal her obild ; " but we have plenty and to spare for poor Jenny's boy. Do you mind my asking what be is like ?" " He is very trùthful^gûod-natured, and af fsetionato." - ' - * > " But he is not like Master Fred» I know," he .said, shaking his head rather sadly. " There eould-not-bo- another -like bim in the -world, and« glad,as I am that yon have found, him, I den'c like,partjng with him I put him to a very good school, didn't I, Fred ?-the best in that part, and where none 'oxacpt gentlemen's eons and the riohest-people in-ihe plaoo went." Kate smiled involuntarily at the honest pride he took in telling her what he had done,/ " I can easily gather from what Ferdinand hie told mo that he had a very indulgent grandpa You must come and see him fre ¡ quently, and I know you would not think me. an-intruder if I-oaine to Hampshire and brought him to see you " «< r ,Mr. Lewis took the gracofuP» meaning of her words, and was more than repaid. There was no- fear of i the thing that hadftrou bled, bim That Ferdinand was of distinguished parentage was, as he had often thougbt,^Csily discernible,] and he had feared that the boy's, rich and, we)l, horn friends would be glad to forget the passage -in- his life that oast his lot'with simple agricul-, J turista. ; , , , '. ^'-1 will send his pony 'land his gun,'; he said, '" or send the pony and %eep the gun till he¡ oomoslfown to see us. ' ^ , . «i"That-would^bo^better j "and you have my promise to bring hiitr." . iThe farmer and Ferdinand had a very affoo -tive'farewell, and Mr-Lewis returned to Goyeni ? dean' next day with his daughter's boy. He was not like Fordinand ; he was not refined, or proud, ~or-princelj-he_was joaro«ly_handäomej._but tú Jane Brandon he was everything love oould -require. She died.tbe happipr for.his presence, * and her frieiids were kind to him for her sake /'as well-as for his own. - , ¡ fcíj .Mr. ,Aylmer,rcporled Jane Brandon's confes "sion to Kate, keeping nothing concealed. There oould no longer be the slightest doubt thai Paul Greville knew she had been his cousin's 'wife-his object was too dearly/apparent. , , _ Yet they oould not see how to rsaoh him. , s a " It- was poor Edward's wish that Isabel t< should remain. undisturbed," said Kale, "and ? wVoannot touch our enemy without opening the. -ÄhfiJIejtory.. "Yot jt is hard to think1 he will 'gb unpunished." rr vv^herjpj^adiaB,ßmi)ed strapgely., ' " *" He-wilLnot g^unp»ni,s,h,f;di.Ka,te ; menhav¡c 0,Amar»ljla1wibv,,wWo^hey!met9 ot^ jpsaething' more than legal justice itojiueh >.««%" as he. "It "was"" something more than a eoineideaee-tha> '. «áake'^Mrjii Brandete hilaban* iho instrument fMiPPW $«?*»?*'» death/and' he fhall no1 be1 ^.n^af.qnged.'j ¡ \ ? . < , ' , M ¿TbafcMgedy. ihai. leftiitiï"mai;kll p.n Jfot*. ^She-badfloved/ EdwáicV Musgrave.^<o]ndly>.and -JShen thejiding» of his death oame-she found < atill.jt strong remnant.of the old love left, and ^'iiii the járgenejjs of herr*ómafily-,aatnfe,fih«jbad. , mùoh compassion for the fair, and fragile lady ' who wàsithe mother .of his children. . \- -"For be tras all to her," Kate'thought,.'! and the blow,will be more bitter because she was happy in'his love." j Kate put on the deepest blaok, with more I sincerity "of mourning than ia known by manya wife who has to know the loss of all a husband's love. 'It was not the viscount-the Lady Isabel's high-born mate-for whom she dressed herself se somberly ; it was the."Edward Musgrave who won her heart in India, when both wera poor, and her affection.was a strength to him.. ., She'left the stage for a" time, but-"not* for long There is a certain fasoination about habit, and she oonld not be content away from the footlights and the greenroom. It was per- haps asJ well that she had this roaouroe of her profession at this time ; it kept her from brood- ing over the past. > During these days, dismal 8B they were to him, Tom Aylmer behaved with ohivalrio thoughtfalneBB..- He,-, too,- wore mourning, for he baa a genuine regard for bis friend Ribs grave, and no * seJfuh, thought of his own inter- fered with his regret. He had devoted his life to Kate. , I " And now that-she has found her "boy/' be though, "and, wh^le she still wetrsorape-for Musgrave, I had,better "keep out' of the way Is \K, I wonder, wrong in mo to ask if she will ever keep, her promise?V I have,» curious ^misgiving, sometimes I don't think Kate ever did or ever will love mo as I love i her," . < He aaid-fery little io-herabeut-thia-}- he-was silent on the subject even.to his friend Cleveland He took leave of Kate on the evening of Ferdi- nand's restoration. , She put her hands on his broad shoulders and looked into his faee when, he told her he was going away, half supeating the reason-half-glad that he was going. > " How long will you be gone ?" she asked, " and why are you going ?" , > " Shall I tell you, Kate, just now, or shall I wait till I oomo baok ? The length of my ab- sence depends entirely upon yourself. How long do you wish me to stay ?" There was no reply. > " Shall' we say one year ?" " One month-one day," said Kate. " Why should time make any difference to us ? I have so muoh to be grateful for ; you have been my dearest friend-my brother " Be winced at^that To the man who oovets a boautiful woman for his wife there is nothing so hopeless as sisterly affeotien. " Say six months," he said, quietly, and with ¡something of a sigh ; " and by the time of my ,return try to remember that my probation has l not been a short one." , He notioed then a étrange ob ange in her faco, and thought of it long after« ard That look ,of hers carried with it a premonition of dis < appointment,-whioh went with.him everywhere, though he would not confess even to himself what di was he feared r He called at the Tremaines beforo he 'went upon his six month's tour. He saw Beatrice ; he facoied that she was paler than when he saw her last, but he oould deteot no sorrow in the oalm Bweetness of her mannen Yet if her voioe was the eoho of her heart there was tbo thrill of an unshed tear in every syllable Bhe.uttered There was an involuntary tenderness in »the Canadian's bearing toward her. He kept tho seoret that she soareely eared to keep from him, and had net .his soul been filled so entirely by his passion (cr another, Miss Tremaine would not have' loved him in vain. They talked as carelessly as it they were the most fashionable acquaintance; avoiding by tacit confient the one delicate topic The sense of dis appointment whioh had ..haunted bim from the moment he parted with Kate gave him some sympathy for Boatnee. " I want to see your father," he said, after some time ; " be is at home ?" " Yes, and expectB you " " Theq he was here when my message oame I thought he would be in the oity." "_Your_mes8»ge "oamo as he was going. He ia coming down-stairs now. Mr Aylmer, if we have not time to speak again, let me thank you for what you did " ¡ "It-was a very ordinary transaction, my dear Beatrioo., I had'some money to invest, and your father invested it for me f. He gives me a much heavier interest |han ¿^expected, I assure " He told me everything," soo" said, softly, " and only he and I know bow muoh I have to ¡ thank jon for." , J As her father's footstep seared tho door, she ' lifted the Canadian's hand almost to« her iiips ;' but he stopped her7and kissed her gravely on tho forehead» Mr. Tremaine entered, and Beat- ' rice djaappearei.' y > After the-1 first few fermai words, Aylmer went into the business whioh , had taken him, there. ' " You oin help me in this," he said. "I am nota vindictive man, hut I intend to hunt Paul Greville down. | We cannot punish him with- out having a complete exposure, and it is on1 that ho hasbised hjssense of safety / but surely we oan reach, bim, b'^safe^and moral means escapo the legal line,-ñ*hedióos/- büt work the other way " "V, s"~^ The banker reflected He knew Grevillea career thoroughly, and Aylmer had told him of Jano Brandon's confession. " Thore is plenty to work upon," he said, slowly; "youeau have him to me, I think." The Canadian shook his head. - ' " That is the one thing I cannot $o, Mr Tremaine, I want him to know that the blow comes through me j I want him to know that I am aware of everything that happens to him " The banker regarded him with an expression of surprise This was a new phase of the Canadian's character. "It comes of my experience," »said Mr Ayl mer, as if he read the^ other's thought "I never knew what reaLrascality meant till I eamê to Englandr This- man, remember-this, .man whom I intend to punish-was ,tho leading in strument in the death, of my friend I know that for a truth, thoiigh I oould no prove it a ooording to the law of /the land. There is Very little that you oan prove aocording to the law of the land," except that which is open to the slen- der oapaoi ty of an ordinary detective. This man is strong, dangerous,1 subtle." ! " How do you propose to deal with' him V j " I propose to write to him first of all-send him a copy; word for. wor-djf of Jane J Brandon's eoqfeP6ion-suggest ,töhiiri,that -te iad ^ better, leave the country, and" save himself frota, pro /sscationJ,. Ï'bavAxPPántenijen, ef, prosecuting him^ butt hebend te be-attained;! think, justifies so mueh evasion." H Would,it ne*ibe better-to. leate this/man to his own eonsienee ?" said Mr. Tremaine. , ,_">Ho has too iBraeh~jmeBj6ysnpd -too «aeny passions to rem*rah,ex,that he has such a thing, and, "{hiMs rpreoiiely what Jj. wish tp keep perpetually, Jnefojce, tim- .< I «»Pt ty leave him je his censoicnoorand, nothing else I want to strip bim of everything fee has. I have hunted him from society and his oluba-driven him into the lower world-and now I want to drive him to » lower still, and then still haunt him from the lowest depths Vp lower; until he reaches the lowest, and dies in it," " I never thought," the banker said, with almost a sense of awe, " that you, with your frank, ingenuous nature, could meditate so terrible a revenge." " I should find another word for it," said the Canadian, quietly. " It is revenge."_ " Justica-rotrubtion-not revenge. The man is a libertine, aliar, a false fried, a treache- rous enemy, an accessor to murder. He almost broke a woman's heart by stealing her child from her ; be took a-poor-girl from her home and ruined her, and then threw har from him as he might have thrown a/broken doll; he eobittered whole years of your daughter's life, and made her keep what , seemed like a proel feoret'from yon.' He prospers now on the" money made by the sweat Of popr men's brows, He is-ohairman,, of _one- insurance Joompany,' member"of the comm.ittee.on another, seoretary to a third, and ¡diràotor. in half», dcienS» His broughamy hi« gwom/-bis coaohmao^his horse«, anckhia oldbsJ are \paid for» by the > hard-earned money of men^ who try tot put.up-a little store for wife and children. Why," said the Canadi- an, cheoking himself in the impetuous outburst, ," how can yon ¿all /it revenge, to stop such a oareer ? À m»n?who has made bis beauty aourse to women» and j only used, bis i wealth 'to serve iSstan..*. He never did a good thing* in his life never put a shilling, to its proper nae I would' rather trust a thief'with Jmy purse that him a orois the threshold of my .door." i It' was good, honest) manly indignation, in ispite of some unnecessary -force in expression , He had not > been in England-long enough, and never wou'd have been in England long ,enough, to forget or suppress his old, oolonial , habit of speaking tthe thought'that was upper- most ^¿, j £>* i " Well, I can M^BJ&ÇnAthe banker said " In sueh a busineasQ|jmute we^are compelled tokaep a certain olsssS7r?men whoi : care very little what they do so they aïe paid for it. I talked of leaving Greville to his bonseienoe ; so did you " " Yes." " Conseienoo is not muoh without a Nemesis to quicken it. I oan lend you one-I thick you have seetfuim?' "What is be?" " A small, dark ^man, whom you have seen frequently,, sometimes, as olerk, sometimes messenger-a-2 small,* dark: ^many with a deep voice a singularly quiet, respeotfu) manner." " , " I remcmber,him," said Aylmer, " and often wondered what he was. , He was at once too self possessed and teo respcotfnl for a clerk, too keen and watchful for an idler. What is his name ?' " Whatever you please to give him for'the time you employ him. L do not know his real name myself, but we will call him Dan." " I," said Ayînierr" shall call him Nemesis I have put 'some ortay^onev'to fair uses', and I shall bo doing a little^ty\noX. Bo you know how Greville stands ?" ¿ ^ " In money matters ?" Aylmer answered in the affirmative " He has a good balance with me." " What are his companies?" " Rotten to the core, most of them. Only one, or two at moat, would bear sifting/' " And if the maj jrity were broken up, and that one or those two sifted throughly, what would be the result to him ?" " Exoept for an allowance of five hundred a year from his unole, he would be ruined ?" "If the allowance from his uncle was stopped, Tzould ho bo quito ruined ?" " Utterly. He would b.e^that most desperate > and wretohed of all creatures, alteggáred gentío man " J He shall be worse than thatfr said Aylmer,) between his teetb^LSvmo 'seo, your man toi morrow ; I want to set bun on tue-traok at onoe.' ' OHÀPTEE XLIX. TBE BEWABD. The Canadian saw Mr Tremaine's agent next day.. He was a small, dark man') with Í what a physiognomist would;have recognised at' oneeias a curiously dangerous face. He was I deliberate, and slow in speeoh, watched and) listened well. That he had wonderful nerve no1 one-who looked at him a seoond time would ha va' doubted ' ,) I He reoeived his instructions quiotly, ato di evinced little or no surprise It did not matter muoh to him whom he hunted down, so that he! succeeded He made it his boast-or rather, he assorted, in his calm and low pitched-voice, that he hud never failed in any single Ínstanos. His price was high, but then, as he said, he! stood at the head of his profession. " I understand exactly* what you want, and I know the man," he said, when Mr Aylrher had: explained., "You may leave him to. me. There is a oertain 'amount of ¿anger in a man like that,1 but I have run a risk; now and then. If he discovers-as he lavery likely to;do-that Ii set to watoh bim, nevill certainly try his best to put mo out of the way," " TherbiAre few things more probable," said Mr Aylmer, tifcquflly ; " but that you must; oûcaider in the prioo^SI am prepared to mako a meroilesa use of money : I fix no limit Draw when you please for whatever you require, and jet any help you like." "I always work single-handed," said the agent, with a emile. "You cannot trust a second hand in suoh a work as mine. He is a very simple minded man iqdeed who does not deteot a oouple of disguised polioeman in an instant I do my work alone, "apd so do not run the chance oof being spoiled^ by the blunder of aBother?,\ - f* Aylmer Mrahat he\oould trust this man. " I kntfwtt WÎ11 beté>work of time," he said, as he gave the agent a handsome oheque to begin with ; " but I can wait Let me know from time to timehow you progress, and, when he is fairly hunted down, send for me. I should like, "him at the last moment to know whose hand has dealt out juBtice to him." j ' He went on his travels that same-day r-He-had ' been half.ovor the world, and there waa not muoh interest for. him in such plaoes a« the^moder» tourist goes to with-unflinohing regularity-j .^aris^theRhin^S^i zerjand,andGermany. H¡s was tired of large cities, and-Wanted rest.. ,He wanted to. live quietly till the* time carno when hfeJwas to receive bia-roply- fromiKatei »* *, It was lateen the autumn \when, with a b Apx ^f,lhcpks-^some.favori/terautbora, whom ho wished to read again-he found himself gding ip a long, slow train to a pretty seaside place knowp to some as Drearbôurne-a resort from which ¡ the ivery," ghost of 'gaiety-had »departed with a shiver, leaving nothing but the tradesman, the-. few residents, and the sea. , The tiain> was, wretobed, and the travelling, severely tested his philosophy. The ioeomotive seemed to be imbued with a belief that its mission ? ?' - "*?'?>?' ..? ?? ?>? ' ? ,., '? "",' i ' ' waa to go in .search of the longe it and mott stifling' tunnels, and rush through them with wild, unearthly shrieks of delight, i After a tedious journey tbe train halted at a half-lighted little station leading to an entirely negleoted town, for at Drearbourne they some- times depended "upon the. moon to defend them from darknoss, and the moon occasionally disap- pointed them Bdt Mr "Aylmcr wanted quiet, and the place suited him. With the exception of a few young people spending surreptitious and unlawful honeymoons, he was almost the only visitor He saw his name in three local papers within a week of nie 'arrival, arid was followed by the admiring ga» of éveíy' 'deserted lodging house- keeper whenever he went abroad. It did net take him- long to got acquainted wtth'the towri «rid the few thiags that made its special features'. ' They'were a dook, a pier, a convalescent hospital, a house built without a Bingle r chimney-pot, on scientific" principles, which enrtaln afmospherfo influences Sadly inter- fered with. An old resident, whom'he "met ori the Gland.Parade; told him n legend aboutiibat ¡house-how the owner," being his own arcbiteot, had' asmoke tower eonstrhoted on his own design ; bow he jnyited a party ¡to celebrate tho success' ¡of the building ; and how the wind, roaring over the.sea, mado^on^that^-spécial.evening .straight for the smoke tower, and then and there engag- ed in a conflict with the Bmoko, whioh, finding itiolf worsted/, retreated-'in a body to the party I ,of>¡triumph , and drove > them ohoking \ and enesimg from the seene of thoir joy I lhere was a Iooal board muoh given to having its doings reported in<&i;]l, a beuoh of magistrates who never favored a hapless vagrant with less | tban a month'for'"bogging, and J two distinct jolasses of sooiety> neither,of wbich'thought tae ,other worth .knoi^lM^onie.gendemen who were farmers, and some^cpàra who thought them selves gentlemen, a pack bf harriers, and several religious soots-the Dolefulites, the Penitential ,Bawlers, and the' Children of St Weep. A great deal of in harmonious pie ty m ay be con tainediin a ¡barn-tike structure of zinc, and a groat deal was contained in sevoral barn like zino struotures every Sunday, Wednetday and Monday. I Notwithstanding its disadvantages, he got l used io the place. When he beoamo acquainted : with its' geographical position, he found it lay ! easily between Brighton and "Hastings There was plenty,of hunting, in which trade and fahning.~b.ad the best of it in the way of riding and bom-flesh, fie bought a horse, and joined in the papular amusement for the winter. Ho sent to -his hotel for his gun case, and picked up some oapital shooting with men whom he saw at the meets, and On the whole he liked hfo better than in Londooj where tbe iron girdle of oasta made exiatenoe a promeoade The plaoo was not too near, and not too far away. He went to-London-on the few nights Kato sang in the winter season, and was a very unobtrusive speotator in the most obscure corner of the house ; but though he did not mako her aware of his presence, he saw the beauty of her faoe, heard the rioh muBio of her voie?, and oarried them away in a fond re- membrance which served him to dwell upon when ho returned to the wintry sea. At Christmas the town brightened again, as the residents had a small influx of visitors, and books, walks", and hunting took him through the black months of January and February With the ooming of the spring came the end of his probation, and April saw him packing up< his luggage for the return, " Now," he thought, as the train, an express, supposed by a trustful public to do the journey in one hour and forty minutes, took him home- ward, " I wonder what my answer ÍB to be ? I have been patient-enough, waited long enough, and a few hours will tell me whether lam to go away empty-hearted and pu^acsoless, or stay in' England to live, a lifo-of sum happiness as I dreamed of loag- afeo^^wcn Tnwjji a boy, and had 'a boy's privilege of dreaming." CHAPTER L. i KATK'A ANSWER. The spring was in the dawn of its sweet beauty when Mr. Aylmer returned to London after those bix quiet months, spent almost too quietly at\Droarbourne He had passed the last six ' months of what he thought would be his old life pleasantly eDougb, and oould look back on) each day as-one untinged -by a moment's vicious thought or an hour's dissipation^ The Canadian! would not have inscribed his owmname willingly' in the oafenüsx of si|nts, ^buHie felt it was Kate's due that he eTroftid goto her untarnished^ by those small blemishes thoNaen of the world judge so leniently, and yet which, after all, are moralcrimes of no small degree. . The time had come, and he returned for his answer He went« in the evening, when the sun had set, and the businoss and bustle of the day iwoie over. There may i perhaps be some- thing unreal about love itself, for it never has so mu oh tenderness or charm in daylight as when tbe3Smpg>are lighted and the outer world is shut awoV > V T *-^ ï Kate was ïb^ore expeoring him This day, 1 whatever its result, was sacred to the Canadian, and she received him in her boudoir-no tiny, cosy attempt at fairyland, with lace, and fringe, and silver predominating, to give the appearance of a stage pioturo ; it was large, and warm, and grand, full of luxury and color, with much splendor of purple and glory of gold Nothiog losa heavy, magnificent, and regal would have suited the central figure it enshrined. Aylmer paused at the door in silent admiration of the woman he BO lovod. She lay back on a lounge/with one arm behind her head, the other massive, round, and olive tinted, thrown care- lessly by her side. There wes not a line of the riob) soft drapery at fault; from shoulder to foot the j>ose was perfect-the more so because of her otter anoonseiousnosä of it] effcot. ' Her faoo was oalm, filled with a grave sweet neu, tthiohlbrokcinto-a smile as she lifted heir half-closed eyes» afia>.saw her.lover. She TOBO advanced to meet bim,'and gave him her hand ; .toe pressed; it to his. lips, and released it-VCT) gently; He gave» Iong'lobk" into her eyes-thon large, dark;eye'g,-that looked as'-if love lived ii now, as if by hi« steadfast gaze, but he thought on ¿jtba whole her ¿nannee wai, unusually íranquí.7. **lir, ,u , , , ¡ ¿ ' , "Kate/'hejaidj.aimply, "I bave eome for my-answer.". t - , , ' She knew Jw na» k^ - carne-', for, but how (jo answer.'Wrartronbbwmsr, as it troubled her, ever aimee? bjBjMffcfwaj.jj ^»te-ibad, pondered over it deeply- questioned her-own> heart,' and always found, the »araeireply;, 'BespeoJ she had for him -his character demanded that ; gratitude-she CfHildnav» ' nothing jl«is'for so true'a friend; affcotion even, suoh as sho might have had for a brother bat of the love he wanted, the' passionate sense that make* a* wofnin'a life one longing and one remembrance^ ahechad fione He sat by her side, not olose to her, but near enough for her hand to rest upon his shoulder. " How shall I answer you ?" she «aid, gently "You have been so'true and kind a friend ever since you first saw ma in that little tenement at Look's Golds. I havesoaroely a tender memory that you did not.sharo-a pleasant day that is not associated with some thought of you. Every grateful remembrance binds me\to you j yet is it not better to trtlthe^utb^I do not desire ¡to break my promisTs*-I^iU %fiV6ut wife if you desire it y but I oan ' nevergiye yon such love as you deierve. Let me be your sister vour friend; by the dearest ties Of friendship Do not ask me to be more." " And that," he said, ia a strangely quiet voioe, "is your reply ?' " Is it not best," she. said, > with 'the same seriournweotneîsr" to tell you- all the truth, .tothinklof the long lifd boföre both tof ua, and save yon from the disappointment that; migh't ooma ? You are a man whom few women oould help loviog. There ar elm any more beautiful and better than I am. Could you not teach your- self to forget me ?" v , i Tbero waa something in -bis boc-a torriblo 'emotion, tryingvt» find uttoranptfin'évery quiver- ing feature-tM^nö^hotnean forward wist- fully to oateh hTshvoSpy Hh¿ggony broke out in one low, passionate ory^ ^Sat? "Ob, Heavens," ho said, "I feel as if all tho world had died t ' No other syllables oould have expressed his áenseT>f~deBolation-the utter emptineBS'of life now that bo knew the truth : Kate'did not and oould not love him < _ " Through so many years," he said, rising, with nothing but sorrow in his .tone-;-no anger, no reproach-only the deep grief that pained her very soul ; "^brough so many ¿years I have waited and hoped pgKbeliovfog that tho time must oome when;, faithful s^evjoo and patient love must' win a return. You'were the oté passion of my life. You taught me to believe tbo old Greek idea that every soul oreated has its twin, whom lt^is destined to meet sooner or later, and I thought you, were my twin, Kate, for wheraver I -went-on seas at night, when storms bave raged, and, "waves bave thundered at the ship, fighting like demons to get in, with death behind them, when men have prayed and wept, thinking of thom at'home-I have'been quite tranquii^ifor Ihaveaa'd*<o myself, " Kate loves me, and Heavenly ware me to go baek to her." I have beenlin ofhet_ dimes, where men with boundless wealth like mine run not with fair women, and dronob themselves in wine and every pleasant- vioe. I have been tempted with every temptation that oomoà in the way of a man full of BtronglifeandpaBsion; butii has been an easy thing for me to'withstand them all, for I have said to myself, "Kate loves mo-my beautiful, peerless Kate." I And now you tell me this-Offer me the tame affection of a sister the cruel tendatnesl^oT friendship, while my whole heart is filled with a'mighty hunger for your dearest and most passionate love " Ho tamed from her with one sorrowful look, and went out of the door as if his eyes were blinded. There was a little room wbioh Kate had fitted up for him at the end of the passage, with dainty jars of tobaoco, pips», cigars, pastiles, books, and all the elegant paraphernalia of a refined inveterate smoker. TherèVworo slippers whioh she herself had embroidered! velvet oaps, heavy with gold lace and bullion tassels, lined with silk and waddtu<g^y»herjfi!ffn hands-a chamber set apart for bis^fréeiaÎVe, aad where ho had dreamed many a happy day dream. Kate heard him go in, and was glad he had not left tho house Shi leaned her forohead on her hands, to think of him Bewildered by the foroo and grandeur of his passions and touched to the point of tenderness by hitó despair, but for that old dream whioh stood between them-her love for one who neve; maSo a sign, but always treated herlr&ktbi;îevfatajly tianquil affeotion suoh as she gage to* AylmThWand if it waa but a dream, after all, oould she let this man go, bia lite made purposeless, and in his heart the dreary pain she knew so well ? l -Then came the remémbranos of his faithful service*Jus paitent loye, Jhis worship of her as something purer and more beautiful than woman kind; and then his words-true word» every one-when he told her that the thought that she loved him kept him tranquil in the mid,t of tempest, and was hiá safeguard in moments of temptation. Thinking,or him as he was, and as he had been always-r-handsome, gen .le, generous, steadfast andy^bravo-her heart thrilled- with »n- irresistible' tenderness, and she took an^içipalflJ'V£s!^p toward his room. Ho was sitting byTihe window, with his fore- head in his hands, and his faee quits hidden ; but the deop dejection of his attitude smote her with keen remorse. Ho hoard the soft rnstle of her silken dress, and did not move. Kata went and put her hand upon hia shoulder; and bent-her faoe down" alose to his. » > " Tom \\[' J , He did not reply, bujMns board ohost'heaved " Tom/'-flfc^irö^inVng to her knees by his side, and trying terèffax hiMiande away, " speak to me, and let ms see your faoe. I am so sorry for what I said just now. I do love you-I de indeed !" Ho shook his hoad sadly, and his voioo oatne with such simple pathos. " I want real love jKate- not Bolf-saorifice." ' She pulled his bands away, and, with her arms round his neok, wound herself so olosely to him that her lips almost touched his while she spoke-did touch, for she kisBed him-his lips first, and then bia eyes- as if to ask pardon for tho tears she took away. « When yon left jne justnow, dear," she said, as be gathered her to his breast, " I stood and thought, ana questioned mysolf, and wondered what was best-whether, for tho sake of an old dream, I had a right to break a good man's heart, even if I did not love him; and, thinking of it as I did, I found a new flense springing up, as if your last passion ate. words had touched a chord and opened my,eyeBto, the truth.,, The old dream seemed to fade, and he Pdreamed oftOok the place you once-held,-and yon took his; and I came to tell you, Tom,^batI loye you, with my dearoat and moat passionate loveland I will be your-wjie whenever you*liko,-if yon oan for- give' me and will haye, mo " I There was no doubting this, said with her arm round his1 tícela and 'à long^kiia <'«t tbe-tat to seal ita truth. Tom 'Aylmer had not Waited in vain for bis reward. " .«« My-dirling,""-he 'BaióV gratefully, -" I did think my hearfrwas brókéri $*>bní*i»c¡wasoworth! the1 pain tcjhave yo«vheMílíkélí'fthliC!.*>nd hear you speak^h %the|e ia sDon^aHhifaafasbei»,g aad'-withtoo muon happjn'eM,1 it 'ia so with me1 now."" ,,< (To be contmutdj I 