WESLEYAN LOCAL PREACHERS' ASSOCIATION. The meetings in connection with the Wesleyan Local Preachers'Association were continued on "Wednesday, November 15. In the afternoon there was a meeting in the Lecture Hall, Pirie fltreet, at which Mr. James Scott, J.P. (President of the Association), was in the chair. Their were over 40 gentlemen present. A vote of thanks was, on the motion of Mr. W. G. Coombs, seconded by Mr. J. S. Gbeee, accorded to the Hon. J. Oarr, M.P., for the interesting paper he read before the asso ciation on the previous evening. Mr. J. D. Bone (vice-president) gave an address on the subject of "Preaching." The Bubject was one of wide interest and practical importance, and he could only throw out a few hintB, with a view of opening a discussion. He regarded the question as to whether sermons should be preaohed without manuscript or read as merely one of taste and convenience, which might safely be left to the preacher. The preservation in writing of good thoughts which might suggest themselves to the mind was, he thought, desirable; and he did not think that a preacher should so bind himself to his manu script as not to be able to give expression of some new idea which might come like a direct inspiration from God. The soul was the source and fountain head of all true eloquence, and a preacher should not allow a good thought to be lost, simply because he was read ing from manuscript. In their anxiety to support their theological system, it was possible to support a scriptural doctrine in an unscrip tural way. Sometimes a passage was not truly interpreted; it was bent and twisted to fit the preacher's meaning. This practice was by no means a good one. He thought their "aim should be to find the meaning of the Holy Ghost, and to interpret the passage in its real drift and meaning. It was customary at the present time to sneer at what was called advanced thought, but he was not quite satisfied with the tone of the pulpit or the tone of the religious press in regard to this question. Should they not do something more for the out side brethren ? "With this question another was associated—is the science of theology progressive or a fixture? He thought these points were worthy of very serious considera tion. There was a lack of sympathy which he deplored to notice between themselves and these outside brethren. Some of these men were as true and real as themselves, and in a solid sense perhaps as religious. Sceptics, to whom he waB referring, sneered at them, and their ministers and religious press replied in the same sneering tone. He thought they should exercise a little more charity, and treat such men with more sympathy. Let them try to understand their positions and to relieve their minds as far as they were able. (Ap plause.) Direct preaching should be striven for, and although they Bhould not always keep to a continual round of stereotyped truths, their aim should be to elevate their fellow- , beings, and the central truth of their teaching— Christ and Him crucified. They should pray for God to give them His power in their teach ing. They should strive to show that religion was a living thing, a great reality; and so to live that their lives would be an inexplicable mystery, unless looked at on the hypothesis that the religion they taught was divine and an eternal truth. (Applause.) A discussion ensued, in which various opinions were expressed on some of the points | touched upon by Mr. Bone. Dr. "Wilkinson advocated expository in preference to topical preaching. He did not think they should have any sympathy with advanced thought. It was their duty to preach the Gospel as it was given to the early church. Mr. James Peaece re commended that philosophical questions—such as the theory of evolution—should be kept out of the pulpit, as they could only be dealt with briefly in a short sermon, and the preacher was apt to treat a subject upon which deep thought had been spent in a cavalier manner. He agreed with Mr. Bone as to their mode of conduct towards sceptics. They should sympathise with the advanced thinker, not with his thought. Dr. Stephens thought local preachers were called upon to defend the Bible against scientific at tacks, and he was strongly in favor of giving themselves an education which would enable them to preach and instruct with greater suc cess. Mr. G. Swan did not consider that they had to concern themselves with such questions as the one whether their fathers were monkeys or not. Their duty was to preach Christ crucified, and to bring souls to salvation. Mr. James Twigg said he had tried during his expe rience as a local preacher almost every form of preaching. He found that his written sermons were cold and formal, and that his preaching without manuscript, though less correct, was more powerful. Mr. Thos. "Watt said he detested the habit of reading sermons, and he believed that if he went into a church where the minister was reading a sermon he should walkout again. (Laughter). He con sidered that it was wise to commit some of their best thoughts to paper, and to prepare heads and particulars, in some cases, of sermons. He was glad that so far as advanced thought was concerned he had never been troubled with it. Such trash as Darwin's book he had never read. (Laughter.) He agreed, however, with Mr. Bone that they should sym pathise with sceptics, and try to win them to the truth. If possible they should by a spirit of love and of kindness endeavor to bring such men to see and embrace the grand truths of the gospel. (Applause.) They should not forget their high calling, called as they were to be children of the living God. Mr. "W. G. Coombs said advanced thought seemed to be the stalk horse of _ the afternoon, but he did not think ridicule would settle the question. Nor should they deny scientific men honesty of intention. He thought that it was their duty as Christians to try to show such men how strong was the ground of Christianity and how weak their own. Science was advancing, but tliey need not fear that religion would be left behind. The word of God would shine ahead of all other lights in all ages. (Applaus^,) Mr, A. Scott advocated the reading of seqAons, as leading to greater conciseness and clearness. "With regard to advanced thought, he did not think- the Bible contained the whole revelation of God to man, on every truth in the world. He believed that the enlightenment of every successive age would enable them to see greater truth in the Bible than was seen now. Let them by all means have advanced thought. The attacks on the Bible would only evolve from it greater glory and beauty: He agreed with lir. Bone that they should treat such men sympa thetically. They were, as a rule, intelligent men, and deserved consideration, and if they were not sneered at and ridiculed, would probably not sneer and ridicule in return. Messrs. H. Goss, Hawke, F. B. Letchfield, Barndon, and T. Padman, the Hon. J. Carr, and the Rev. S. Knight also spoke. Votes of thanks were awarded to Mr. Bone and to the press. In the Evening a sermon was preached by the Eev. W. P. "Wells (President of the "WeBleyan Conference), in the Pirie-street Church. There was a moderate attendance. The rev. gentleman chose for his text Zechariah iii., 1 to 7, and in an eloquent manner drew an analogy between Joshua and his congregation in their temptings by Satan and their triumph over sin. A com munion service took place after the sermon. 