ON THE LOOK-OUT. In The Corner— The NewBoy — Scotia to This Rebcuf.1— Cub Triple-headed Our — Fishy— The Fakir Onoe More— Suspenders— The Kosalisd; Poor Mr 51'Kean I Ho might have been an M.L.A, iEor ever j but he' couldn't control his swelling soul, and hns proved a bit too clover. If I were M'Kean, I'd Bhoiv no spleen agaiust the men in power, but, simply preserve my wonted nervo, and bide the coming hour. Life isu't all sad ; there are fees to be had, and clients worth tho pick ing; and it's in the court that yonr bullying sort will fake a deal of licking. Three hundred a year is' gone, it's clear, and a seat where the drivellers drivol ; but Jimmy, my hoy, I, wish you joy, that you're out of that ncstofevil. Dr Madden is in for Sandridge, nud Sand ridge, per Contra, is in for Dr. Madden. I congratulate both sides. I took an active part in the election ; that is to say, I rtfhnted an airing, so I hailed one of the election cabs and went to Sandridge and back for con siderably less than tho Usual fare. I hadn't avote, but that didn't matter, I had a drive instead. I was talking, that evening, to a big buck- nigger, n sugar lumper, or loafer, or whnrf boiler, or something of that sort, He. also, had taken a very-active part in the day's doings, and was most enthusiastic about the Maddening success achieved, Ho said ; " Doctor Madden for ober I I'so hearty glad dat Doctor Madden is in: he's a noblo feller, an' a Christy en; an a whole team; an' be nevolent, an' good, nn' kind ; an' de right sort o'. doctor altogcddcr. ' He's ,de man to euro snfforin' humanity," he is, yah 1" Whereat I reminded my tinted friend, that the new M.L.-A. is net a medical man. "Ain't he ?" said he, " ain't he J well, I'so bein' takin' his physio all day, nnyhow !" And so he evidently had been. I joined him in a final shont ; ' Hooray for Jladdon, hip, hip, hiccup, hooray 1" and we parted. The sons of Caledonia "stern and wild," are not the sort of ' companions one hankers after when in a jocular mood but there are occasions when, as onr friend Mr. G. C. Levey appears to have discovered, tho society of Scotchmen becomes more than tolerable, — Oh, Sawney, in our hours of ease, Thick-headed, slow, and hard to please, With brain impervious to a joke, As thongh its fibre were of oak ; When fickle Ftrtune hides her brow, A ministering angel thou 1 Henceforth be the name of M'llwraith in scribed in letters of gold npon tho archives of this land. Hasten back, oh generous Mae, that we may thank thee as befits a nation's gratitude ; that 'we mny do tbeo honor such as is tby due ; that we may clasp thy honest hand ; and, above nil, that Hosea Hook may touch thee for a temporary loau, wherewith to purchase a cradle for .the latest addition to the Hook family. i . I "> j Tho Cerberus is to be repaired and rendered more defensive and expensive to the tune, of £5000. What is the use of having an iron clad if you can't spend some money, on her.' Will somebody please write a song to the tune of tho Steamleg, call it the Steam Bam, and dedicate it to the first lord of the Vic torian Admiralty? I would do it myself, but j. uaveu u got nme, ior uapiain ranter lias just called in, and I have montioncd sherry nnd bitters as a topic of conversation. Stay, take a seat for a moment Captain, till I re ceipt my washerwoman's bill. An idea I VICTORIA AND HER WAR DOG. Sho Bpont half-a-milllon to buy him horse. f, And when ho came oat he war laid ou tho shelf. Fhe weafc to the Pactcr y, io get him a cape'n, And whoa rha cimo back, that poor Gorby was nappiu'. 8he went to tho annual to buy him some pbells< Thoy rt-fuso d to fcust— so for, " sheila " we'll read ' sells." She went to extremes to t-phold him and laud him, _ But a big Russiaa boar would havo easily chiwei him. ' he went to oipense for to bavo him repaired . But - heu it was done — why, it might havo been spared. Sho wont to reviews just to witness bis capers, Bat h s turrets stuck fast — ao she read iu the papers. Fho nut went to war — what a deuce of a lark — But Ci rby was sulky ; he'd not even bark, Till, at lad, M iss Victoria turned orors and uncivil ; Says Bhe, my fine bow-wow, pray go to tho d J. Live trumpeters iu Melbourne I " Od's my little life," us Rosalind says, what an' event. Arrival of the finny-'unBl Heralds from the court of Neptune. And yet, me- thought, we had a plenty of live trumpeters in Melbonrno before the advent of these piscine strangers. At any rate, Trollope thought so; didn't he? The idea of his carry ing his dislike to our national Victorian institution so far as to write thus iu his last novel. " Time softens every blow," says theDuehess of Portarlington, endeavoring to console tho Bishop of Brandysnap. . " Except that of Victorians," replies his lordship, weeping more copiously than ever, and spoil ing his lawn front with the tribute of sorrow. But, to return to our briny dears. Isn't two shillings a pound a trifle ' expensive. A guinea for a fair-sized fish, weighed in its own scales, Par consequence, I go trumpe- terless to business. But there's a good time coming, Philip Cohen, wait a little longer, The Fakir has taken St. George's Hall for the Scriptural term known as a " season." Passing by the othor day, I heard him giving a few directions as to the altarations he wanted made prior to opening. The general impression left upon my mind, after listening to himfor about a quarter of an hour, was that the floor is to bo taken up to slow music, varnished, polished, painted, glazod, and gilt-edged; the walls to be shifted to the outside, rubbed down with sand paper and Bkin gloves, coated with a solution of Weston's Wizard Oil, osrted down to Brighton Beach and bathed; then dressed with the finest Bruno silk, and re-Bet, this side np, with care; that the stage, like a bad egg, wants relaying, and is therefore to bo perforated with seventeen or eighteen dozen traps, varying in size from a fourpenny bit to a handful of coppers; thut the ceiling is to be placed ou edge inside the orohestra; that the gallery is to bo turned upside down, and put on Bclf- revolving swivels ; that Michael Augelo is to bo exhumed to paiut the scenery, Benevenuto Oellini rcsurrec- tionised for tho metal work; Riceiotti Gari baldi is to train tho supers; and Hndes generally is to be ransacked for the choicest assortment of ghosts ever presented to tho Australian public. I don't remember much else except that wo had soveral drinks, and that the whole affair seemed more lucid to me at tho timo than it does now. It's too bad to say that W.S. Lyster, Esq., lacks support, beoause ho has lost a pair of' Braoya. "I trow, sir, these breaches in ..his., company will soon be filled. Meanwhile, wo are to have a little more of everlasting Fritz, ' Mrs Scott-Siddons is simply a big success. With one exception, sho has knocked the critics higher than a kite. . They bubble over with her praiBe at all points, and can't \- keop the lid on anyhow. No wonder, for she is the very personification of grace, of a tender, refined, loving womnn, I am told that Juliet will ho the next character she will give ns. What a treat it will be I' HOSEA HOOK. The Look-out, Saturday 