PARLIAMENTARY! ' " Thursday. llio dohato in the Assembly qu; Mr.- P. F. Macdonnld's claim lasted all night, and tbo House wus counted out lit noon to-day. Tho Govornor hns reserved the Gold-Ficlds Act Amendment Bill for hor Mujesty'a con sideration. Tlio Assembly ndjouruod until Monday. Tho Lund Bill is now on tho second reading iu tho Legislative Council. Horses for India. — Tlio largo nuinbor of monnts required"for cavalry aud stuff purposos in India will always niako horso-broeding of a certain class a luorativo business ' withd our nortbtirit- bi-uoclot'4, - who ouglit-to loolc- to tho Indian mnrkot ub tlioir mark. , The Qovorn- mout of India is preparod to buy 1000 horses yearly, ut prjecs rungiug from £65 'to £70, which would always leavo a good margin of profit to the shipper. Boforo many yonrs havo passed our horso stock' will havo inorousod onoruiously, "both in quantity iind' quality, partioularly tho iattor, as notliiiig but the best blood, und largo quantities of ;thora, liavo, been imported iuto Nortliom Queensland for somo time past; added to wliich breodors havo boon choice in their marcs, ,uud do not as formerly breed from anything in tlio shape of a horse. Wo shall he ahln to supply tlio Iudiau mnrkot witli blood, bono, and boauty suporior to .any tiling, tbey can 'gat at the price clsowbcra. It is a trado worth cultivating, nnd is onpablh of any extension. HosriTAL.— Tlio usual monthly meeting of tho coinmittco takes placo at tho Court House this aftornoon, at -1 o'clock. , School of Arts.— Tho quarterly niootiug of tho School of -Arts was convened for lust niglit, but was postponed owing to tlio paucity of tho attendance. Sale of a Reefing Interest. — Tho right, title, aud intorest hold by l5. J. Bodkin iu the Porsovoranco lloof, Now Zonlnud Gully, will bo sold by miction this aftornoon, 'at three, at the Now Court House. Vide advertisement. Obituary. — It is our painful duty to record the death of Mrs. Wardell, wife of Mr. J. Wardell, head-master of the North Rockhampton Primary School, the sad event taking place yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Wardell had been ill for some little time, and her death was not altogether unexpected. She used to assist Mr. Wardell in the school work, and will be greatly missed by her pupils, as well as by a large circle of friends. The funeral takes place this afternoon. Railway Timk-tahlb.— This taiilo lias boon again altered, to suit tho up-couutry mails. On and nftor.Monduy noxt, tlio up passongor train will leavo Rockhampton nt S a.m., nnd tho down passongor train will rcaoh our termi nus nt 135 p.m. Tho hours' at Dingo' uro as follows: Down, 7/20 n.m. ; up, 2-15 p.m. ' Tho up nnd down trains nro to pass aaoh other at Gogango about iO-47 a.m. Police Couiit. — Boforo tho Polico Magis trate, yestorday, Roaanna Poolo pleaded guilty . to a chargo of druukonness, nnd was fined 10s. or tho usual ultornntive. Thoro boiug two previous oonriotions against this person, . tlio Polico Magistrate informed lior, that 'should alio appear boforo him on a similar olntrge again, sho would rcccivo six months' imprisonment. - A. IC. Poiinyoniek (on bail), appeared to answer' a chargo of assault' preferred' 'agaituit; - him by John Glanoy. The case whs adjourned until 10 o'olook on Sntnrday morning, dofoudant, meanwhilo, being admitted to bail. i . In the Stocks. — Wo hoar that tho attohtion of tho authorities lias boon oalled to a spooios of Sabbath bronking of ft vory glaring descrip tion. In some purts of Roaklmmptoii, houses nro put up on tho Lord's Day ; nud the Bound of tbo bummer effectually dostroys tbo quiot of tbo wliolo neighbourhood. A onso iu poiut cumo uudor our notico only a fow weeks ago and we could not help wondering why ono man should ho allowed toumioy an cntiro neighbour hood, mid. to sot so bad an cxmnplo to tlio young. But thoro uro difficulties in tho way of onforcing a show of outward dcconoy iu this muttor, Tho Polico Aot is silent on Sunday wbrk ; nnd in order to deal witli tho mattor wo must go buck to uBtntiito paBsed in tho reign of Charles II, moro tlmti two centuries. ago. This Aot (29 Car 2, o 7, s 1) provides that " 110 por- sou, being 11 , years of ago or upwards, trades- man, nrtifioor, workmnn, lubouror, or othc-r porsou whatsoever, shall do or oxorciso any worldly labor, business, or work of tlioir ordinary oalling on tlio Lord's Day, works of qburity or nocossity alono' oxooptod," Tlio line; is 68.,': to.be reoovorod by distress, and thoi-o is: an ulternntivo ponalty of two hours in the stocJis. Tho oaso stands thus : If n ninn docs not pny tho fino, his goods-nro to bo soizod ; but should, ho neglect to pay tho costs, ho must go to the Btooks,— onoo a favourito motliod a£ punishing drunkoiiuoss. In tho timo of James tlio First, a drunkard wns liablo to a penally of Cs.,' or six hours in tho stocks— a , wooden maohiuo wliioh scoured tho uffoudcr by the legs, nud ex- posod him to tho ridioulo of thu populaoo. As, however, this kind of punishment has boon long disused, it is. ovidont that tlio BeotiOii iu question is inoperative. Tlio caso of Rogitin v. Barton, oitod in Olio's Magisterial Synopsis, shows that tlio Aot is iunpliuablo to the present .timo. Tho defendant was adjudged to pay tho penalty nud coats for trading on Sunday, and in default of distress to he sot in. tho stocks for \- two hours, unless bo soonor pnid'thn said sum mons and tho costs of distress. Upon appeal tho conviotion was quashed, it being hold that tlio sotting in tho stoolcB was a substitute for tho money ponalty, nnd not a inodo of rccovor- ing the ponnity ; nnd scaondly, that undor Aot 11 and 12 Vic., o., -13, s. 18, n justice wns not authorised to ordor a dofoudant to' bo set in tlio stocks for liou-pnymont of tho costs. It is surpri- slngthat Uiis antiquated Act, of tho Stuarts hits not boei), swept away longngo, audproper provi sions ' made .on tho subjoot of . Sunday work, ! merely on-tbo scoro of social ordor nnd oomfort. The memuelf- Foil Blaokall.— Tlio debate on 'Mr.'Mhbdbhiild's voto is iiistruetivc. . It did not sottla tlio mattor, but it brought somo gon- tlomen out iu their triio colours — aud that is soraotliing. Tho Mombor for Olcrinont sooms to have again distinguished himself. Accord ing to onr tolegrnphio oorrespondont, iio spoke severely, aiul ins insulting speech lias boon commented upon. But whero is tlio novelty) of that ? Wo liavo had similar obullitious boforo; nnd Mr. Stovenson's . prosent attack will -simply -win for liini fresh hmrols ou tlis l'oak Downs, nud it inny bo a prosontiition cf pluto. Thoro is nothing liko going iu hot anl strong whou one is at iti Soino men. liavo nh innnlo knowledge 'of ' tho . ruling motivos if ..'othqrs-7-or,. fnnoy they , have, , -whioh servos their purposo -just ns woll i blaok-bnlling to tlio object. ' Mr." Stevenson is onii of those pri vileged mortals ; ho oau put' fits finger on tho soe'rot spriiigs that worlc tho' bruolo in polities ; imdho lniB lot tho oat out of- tiio. bag. Mr. Maodonnld, it appears, weut iiito tho House to got his' money I But if' lib. did' so, ho took au offcctunl way of defeating liis object. Judging from the sequel, wo should r not. liavo supposod tliat tliis was Mr. Maedoiialil's motive- nt all i but Mr. Stovonsou. knows best, and wo aro bound to beliovo him. ' Woro we to do other wise, wn should, bo sboking n quarrel with n frioudly 'oonst,ituoiioy--;aiid thnt would uovor do. " It.is a farce," Air. Stovonson ejaoulatod, nnd thoro nro certainly furoos enough ; but tho roforouoo, is obsouroj and wo must wnit for i Hansard. Our looal --'contemporary .- 'does not holp us out of .tlio ' difficulty, ns ho lins omitted all details of tho disoussion. Mr. Storcnaon next cast liis ' eyes ' towards Rockhampton, nnd said, " Tho original Rooklininptou jury wore only oiorks nnd store keepers, led by a gocd-nnturod squatter, and know, nothing nbont the case." This must have boon n modol jury ; for one of tlio gront olijco- lions to trinl by jury now-n-duys is that, through tlio publicity nffordod by tlio . press jurors know too much of u ouso beforehand, aiul outor upon tlioir duties with biased minds and opinions ulrondy formed, often upon ex parte Btatomouts. But ! tho original Rock hampton jury, kuowing nothing of tlio cuho, must huvo sat down to thoir work witli minds ; altogctliorunprojudiccd and resembling a shoot of blank puper, on wliioli; under tho ; direction of Mr. Justice' Lut wyoho, facts and arguments wero to bo traced witli tho utmost distinctness. No proj udico hero — no pro-conceived opinions! What u Bpleudid opportunity for returning a true vordict according to tlio evidence. And w.lio woro those" oiorks and storekeepers," at whom Mr. Stovonsou lifts tlio fingor of scorn ? Tlioy wero- Mossrs. D. T. Mulligan, F. P- O'Mongber, A. W. S. Smith, anil S. 11. Davis — gontlomcn who enn afford to, laugh at tlio im plied sneer. And what did this clear-headed, impartial jury do ? Onthoothof Octobo'r, 18G9, ;tho henring; of tho caso ouded, and the jury found for llio plaintiff — (Mr. Mnadomild) — dninngos, £10,923. Tho history of tlio affair is woll known ntnl need not be ropoated ; suffice it to say that tho nmouut now stnuds at £GOOO — that is, tho nmonnt .offored by the Govoru- monfc as oompoiisation. Tho dohato lasted tliroughout tho night and until noon yestorday, and tho Houso was tlioroforo in sossion twenty hours. Yot nearly tho wliolo of thoso twenty hours wero, wasted, through tlio obgtruotivo tactics of tho Opposition, who "suit" upon tlio" Member for Blaokall,. and, metaphorically speaking, fluyod him alive— or tried hard to do it. Tho frivolous nnturo of the obstruction is shown by Mr. Palmer's nptondmout, which was negatived, " Tliat Mr. Mnodouuld's voto should bo roducod to three pence — n vory modost pro posal, whou an uubiassod Rookhampton jury awarded nonrly £17,000, and whou £0000 stood on tho Fstimatos. But it was liko tho Mombor for Port Curtis ; and wo aro only surprised that ho did uot coroo down to a furthiug, nnd. thus show liis utter contempt for Roukhamptoii oiorks and' shopkeopors, as woll as for trial by jury, and for tlio sottloment of n just nnd long- Btuuding oliiim oil tlio country. How aro tho mighty fallen I It is porhnps as well that tho Member for Rockhampton wns not in Brisbuno during this aorimouious dobato. IIo could uot liavo foreseen it coming ou, of courso ; but somo raon aro lucky, and Iio. happened to leavo, oh a flying visit to Rockhampton, just in timo to bo out of tho way. It was narrow squoak, but ho managod it morcly by a fluke. A Contrast.— Wo notico by tho Gazette that Frodoriok Coster, of GO Collins- stroet 'Wost, solicitor, litis applied for a patont'for an invention for " applying motivo-power of tho nniimil known us tho dog (caiii J'amiliaris) to ovory kind of machinery that oan bo worked by manual lubuur." This is very retrograding: it is going back to tho turn-spit dnys when canis J'amiliaris — to givo dogs a fashionablo lianio— used to bo employed to Un-u tlio meat. As a contrast, wo notice in this siuno Gazette thirty Loigh S. Lynch, of San' Francisco, lias appliod for a patout for au " automutio wasliing macliiho." This is moro'iu uccordnuoo witli modern ideus which sock to abolish manual labour ns muoh ns possible — Hamilton Spec tator. Blown Out. — An , oxtraordinnry acoidont ooourrod at tlio Union Bonoli Mino, Coroinnndol, wliioli ,1ms boen Hooded out through a dofeut in tho pumping goar, throwing GO men out of deployment. A man named Ecolostono, not u professional diver, voluntcorod to go dowu tho shaft and romove tlio obstruction wliioli pro- veutod tlio pump working. JIu had 70 foot of wator to pirns through iu utter darkness. A profossionul diver lmd chargo of tlio air-pump, uud instructed Fcclcatonc ns to tho siguals. Tlio latter signalled for moro air. Again ho did this, and again for atliird timo, whon tlio air pipos burst with tho roport of a pistol shot. Ecolostono was hauled up and found to bo swollen to thrco times his natural sizo, tho foaturos not boiug distinguishable. In his ignorance of ..diving, ho thought ho wanted -moro air, wlion in faot, ho had too muoli of it, aud wnB blown out liko a blnddor. Dr. IIovoll wns sent for. lioclostono was insonsiblo, tno blood flowing from his mouth,' but, after . sovornl hours' medical trontinont, pulsation returned to liis lioai-t, but ho is still in a pre carious stato. — New 'Ae aland 1'aper. Hot on Missionaries. — Concerning mis sionary work iq South Africa and the " Ohris- tinnisud" nugroos, a correspondent of tho Natal Colonist makes tho following suggoslivo romarks : — " How arc wo hero in Natal donling , witli tho Kaffirs ? Spoiling tliom as fast as possible; Missionaries do no good, but only harm ; for it is notorious Unit tlio civilized Kaffirs aro tiio grcatost blackguards in thu oonntry. Wlmt tho reason is I do not say, but suftli' is tlio fact ; and I ohullougo nny mis sionary. to disprovo it. Tlio nogrocH aro becom ing as insolent ns possible. Tlicy aro to bo scon all ovor the country strutting aliout nrmod to tho tcotli j and ns for thioving, tlioy aro now tho grontcst thieves you oan imagine." Is this tho rbsult of our " compassing son und lnnd ?" Aro not our proselytes just what Christ do- scribod thorn to be, 1800 years sinco ? — Two Worlds. The Turkish Forces.— At tlio present moment Turkoy bus something liko 130,000 men in tho field fully equipped, and tlio second class of thu rcdiff, -or roscrvo, nro being called in, so that in a short time, if necessary, there will be 300,000 inon undor arms. Of arins.th0 Turkish War department hns moro than suffi cient, but tlio ammunition is rather short. Groat '.efforts aro boitig mado, howovor, to unswor tho demand, Tho faotorics nt Oonstnntinoplo aro fully oinployod night and day in tho manu facture of Mnrtini-Honry riflo cartridges, und a noutract has just been signed with an Amoriunn houso for -19,000,000 of tlio sumo, to bo delivered in eight weeks. AtNissa, or Nisii, a town near tho snuthnrn frontier ofSorviu, thoro aro at tlio prosent timo go, 000 regulars and 20,000 Circassian Bashi-bazouks, all fully cquippod, witli ammunition and military stores complete. On tho Bosnian sido, stationed near tho frontier, uro 58,000 regulars, aud thiH forco is to bo strengthened with a corps of- 40,000 regulars now being orgauisod, Dnolisii Duty on Australian Winks.— _Wo loam from tho Harder Post that by tho last mail from England, Mr; W. E. Digmun.of Albury, received a lottor .'from Mr. J. T. Fallon, wliioli goes to say tlint tho pnpor road by that goiitlomnu,) undor tlio auspices of tlio lloynl Colonial Institute, ou the alcoholic slrougth of Australian wines, was most succossful. It was admitted in' London to liavo placed beyond doubt tho quostiou of nlooliolio strength of pura -natural winos. . Even Mr, Koono admitted it, nnd all tho scientifio men oonuoetcd with tlio . wino trado. The Press had- taken up tho question warmly, and nt tlio timo of writing l)r. Thndioliuin stood alone, unconvortod. Tlio doputntiou to tho Chniicollorof tlio Exolioquer was nlso highly sueoossftil, and tlio mattor was olonrly and forcibly put boforo him. Sir Stafford Nnrthooto took groat pains to obtain tlio fiillost nud most miuuto pnrtiouiars. nud at his request Mr. Falloit furnished him with copio of his two papcra ion tho subjoot. Tlio' way is now oloar to bring tho question heforo tlio noxt sossion of tho Imperial Pailinmont. A Sensational Execution.— That wide district of America knowu to Froncli gcogra-' pliers ns le.Parioest lias lntely witnossed an imposing oxoroiso of publio justice. Tho sufferer from Lynch law was a person of tho name of Digglcs, whoso punishment was as striking aud sovoro ns liis erimo — tho murder of a child— wiib nofarious. Digglns, according to tho Ji'iyaro, had bcon ooudomncd by a jury of his country moil, and was boiug led by thorn and by any other citizens who happened to huvo n spare half hour to tlio usual placo of oxcoution. On tlio road tho j>nl»lio spirited jury ohuiiooU to moot sonic nnmleurs of another sort of spoctnele, who woro engaged iu tlio business of Htarting a balloon. Tho happy thought of combining (cronaiitic saictico with tlio avongiug of public morality ut once , occur red to somo fertile niiiul, and Digglos wns mado fast by a nooso round his iicak to tlio cur of tlio balloon. Tlio word " lot go" was tlion given, nnd DiggloS ascended .- into tlio lirma- inout, his oonvulsivo Btrugglos testifying to tlio disugrcoablo nnturo of liis position. Aftor tlici death of Digglcs, tlio really imposing part of tills execution began. Tho . balloon, |)uigod by contrary winds, was unnblo to dosoend to onrtli, nud the liativos of lo Fnrwcst wero onublcd to oultivato their moral faculties by studying, through telescopes, tho appalling fate tliat overtook tho carcass of Digglos. Tlio birds of tlio air gathered togothcr, pursed -tlio balloon, and foastod on tlio framo of tbo malofuotor. — Home Paper. Defence Force. — Tho unsettled stato of affairs on tho Europoau Contiuont hns induced tlio Govormnont to oxcroiso, without loss of timo, tho power givoti by tlio Parliament in tho lato sossion to inorenso the numoricnl strength of tho Dofotico Foroe by raising a socond battery of purmanont artillery." Considering tho part which artillery, would piny iu ouAo of actual dofonco, tlio 'great importunco of having not only tlio i'orinanout Artillery forco, but tlio Volunteer Artillory also, under tho iinmediato command of oil oflicor who bns received a spe cial and thorough scientifio training, wliioh can bo obtniacd only at such u placo as Wool wich, and by actual sorvioo in tbo Imperial Artillory, Jius long boou urged. To scauro tlio sorvicos of suoh au oilicor, tho Govornmont at first resolved to tologrnph to Earl Uarnarvoii. Iu tbo mouutimo, howovor, Major Charlos Fyssho Robovts, who 1ms resided in tho colony for soino time, aft'orod his sorvicos, whioh wero nccoptod, aud tho qriginiil intention of telo- graphing homo was ' abandoned. Mujor lloborts was on aotivo scrvico iu tho Crimen, aud nlso io India. Lioutoniint-Colonol Richard son 1ms been nppoiutod Colonel of llio Poruia- nont nnd Vohuitoor foroos, and Major Huberts lias boon appointed Colouol iu comtiiand of tlio Artillory forces of tho colony. Thcso nro tho principal uppointmouts mudo. Aotivo opera tions aro going forward to placo tho fortifica tions of Port Jnckson in nn olfcotivo stato, and stops lmvo boon tnkon to oarry lo aamplotion certain rocomuiomlations of tho Dofouco Com mission. — 6'. M. Herald. Short, Shaiu>, and Decisive.— Tho Daily ' Sonthren Cross, an Auoklund journnl, has tho following account of some oxocutions which liavo-reoeotly tukon placo in Fiji. "Wo may' stato tliat tho men can hardly he rogardod us robols in tlio gonoral nocoptutioii of tlio term, ns tlioy bolong' to tribes tliat lmvo uovor acknowledged the authority of Oakabau, or nny ooast cliiof, and thoy wore uovor parties to tho oossion of Fiji to Groat Britain. Bo that tho oxpodition against thom was rathor ono of oonquost thiin of Bupprossion of robot- lion. — " An oyc-witucss of tho prooeodings stated to our informuut that Jlftcou of tlio pro- niiuont robols word tried by Mr. Arthur Gor don, nophow 'to tlio Govornor, who is also a Commissioner of tlio Interior, ns woll as loader of tlio oxpodition, and wero by him oondomncd to denth. Tho Governor, boiug on tho spot, assented to tho sentence, and tho prisoners wero ordored for execution . noxt morniug. Tlio modo' of doath was hanging, und tho gallows, ' if Buoh a torin oan bo applied,' was tbo ridgo- polo of a Fijian houso. Tito houscB nro constructed with two tie-beams running from end to end, ami placed about oiglit < inohos apart. On thoso tlio Fijiun oxcciitionor was saatod, holding the ropo in liis baud, tbo otlior being tied to tlio l-ocf-croo. ono of tlio prisonors wus ordored to mount up bosido him, and tlio noose being adjusted to jump off. This lio did, and was killed ut onae. Another prisoner was sont up and tlio samo pufurmnnco took placo, oxoopt that this ono was boiug strangled, aud struggled dreadfully. Scoingtliis, tlio Fijian sitting on tiio beam abovo liiin ended liis misery by knoeking him on tlio bond witli a heavy club, witli wliioli hu was providod, Five of tho unhappy wrotohos woro dispatohed in this way, tliruu of thom being both linngod nnd .clufcbcd, whon it was deoided ! to shoot tho l-omiiiiiing ton. Thcso woro rutigod in u row, with thoir arms pinioned hohind, and told to knool, A dotaohinont of Fijian soldiors at a fow pnoos distant woro ordorod to ilro on thom. Fivo or six only woro killed, mid tho coup do grave wns given to tho woumlod by Mr. Gordon himsolf, who used bis rovolvor for tho purposo, donblloss a liurnnuo ono, to put tlio wrotohos out of pain. Tho only whito pooplo prosont at thoso proccodnigs were tlio Govoruor, Mr. Gordon, aud a mnn called Dick." A smart Far agra Fir — Saturday's P.che hns tho following lively bit (or hit), whioh roiniuds us of our Sydney gossipcr'B- poculiar mode ot dealing with our "great man." " Cannot a society bo formod to protoot Mr. Pnrkos ? His "donrcuomios" lmvo besot him sorely this wool;, Tho l'hilistinos nvo upon him. If Homor's gods livod in thoso days, ho is just tho peculiar mortal that somo of tliom would fcavo delighted l.o pntronizo and succour Tupitor himsolf would lmvo liolpod thom witli liis thlmdcr. But Homer's gods aro dead ; tho Kinum ghost is dond ; the Davenports nro in Melboui-no ; nnd if Jlr. 1'nrkos is to bo roHcuod it is timo that his constituents bostin-od them selves anil lifted liis banner. Mr. MoKlhono 1ms boon crucifying him afresh nt Albury, and Mr, Dnlloy Iirb vivisected liim onoo more nt Kinmn. No man in tlio colony undorstaiids Mr. l'aikos's anatomy hotlor than Mr. Dallcy Thoy had livod, Inbourod, and travelled togothcr and cnoli 1ms mado tho otlior n " psychological study." But tho younger man his the other at his morcy. Mr. l'ai-kcs is an ouiinotUly phlegmatic nntnio ; and, liko nil of tliat class, iio cannot bear ridianlo, nor cau bo pay his artists linck in his own coin. Mr. Dalloy is a mnstor of satirical banter; iu Mr. Pnrkcs holms precisely the kind.of man hisnimblo wit can play with and at Kianm ho fully nccoptod his opportu nity. Tlio loader of tho Opposition must wish that ho lmd noyor scon tho ghost or introduood himself to Eni-1 Russell. Had ho not boon so doftciout iii humour -lio woutd havo: said nothing about tho Earl's conceited ndvico to him, or about Mr. Forstcr's court dross, for ho would liavo foroseen Mr. Dnlloy's livoly re- joinder. , Massivo us lio is, iio is perfectly help less wlion Mr. Dullpy's light darts, nro abroad. No doubt lio is trying to wait in tho manner Unit becomes on uiifuthomublo pliilosopbor, for bis turn to come j but in tbo lRountimo; it must bo droudfully irritating to fool himsolf publiuly impaled on Mr. Dalloy's moroiloss satire, and to know that, liko anothor Mars, lio is. tlio object of " inoxtiuguislmblo laughtor." — Tamworlh News. Eight Hours Laiiou Kill.— Mr. Biizncot' sbnros. tiio delusion in wliioh, /according to Professor Fawoolt, mnny porsons indulgo wlion tlioy speak of tho Stato " as if it woro a ro- ooptaoio of tho most porfout jiiBlico, tlio noblest . bonovolouoo, tho most fnr-seoing sagacity, and tlio highest wisdom." Ho imnginos tliat logislativo oiiaoLmimts can materially soryo'tho working plnssos, by con trolling, for tlioir bonoflt, tlio . relations bo twoon capital and labor. , IIo hns accordingly ngain introduood into Pnrliamont liis bill " to establish a statute day's labor."- This statute day is to consist of " eight hours and no moro except iu ensos whoro agraenionts for a longer working dny shall bo mutually ontcrcd into, providud that nothing in this Aot shall apply to domostio sorvants, and porsons outriiHtod with tho caro of cattle, shoop, and other livo Btock.", Why domostio sorvants, and . persons oariug for livo stock should ho oxomptcd from the provisions of this aot, is ono of those things whioh " no fellah" cau understand. Why, if it is n good thing for a mechanic or a navvy not to bo employed for more tlinn eight hours, should tlio poor " slavey" bo inndo' to scrub for moro? It is quite right to prevont, by Act of Parliament, tho omploymout of child ran of tondor yours in factories or elsowhoro, but what right hns Mr. Buzacott, or tho as sembled wisdom of Quoonslatid for tiio matter of that, to deeida how many hours a mnn, supposed to bo frco, shall work, anil what absurdity it is after soiomnly establishing this ' statiio day of labor," to allow two pooplo to broak it by spooial agroejucnl. Tho pooplo of Quconslaud nro not so oonyiucod of tlio fnr- rencliing wisdom of tlioir Parliament, as to bolicvo thnt it is competent to Uocido how ninuy hours a mnu ought to work, aud. ns the English pracLice of working by tho hour is gradually extending to Lhc colonies, thoy will view nn iiuorloronco of tho Stuto iu tlio matter as a dooided infriugomeut ou thoir iibor- tios. Oucc lot tho thin edgo of tlio wodgo bo fnirly introduced nnd we slinll have tho collec tive wisdom of tho country providing by Statute wlmt wo shall oat nud wlmt wo shall drink, what drosscB our wives slinll wear, and oh ! happy thought, what length of time a clcrgymun limy safely dovoto to his sermons. Wo shall in Rhort rovort to tho blossod days of tho Eighth Houry, whon pooplo wero so oaro- fully Hohoolod ainl guarded in overy trifling particular of life, that it is n wonder how our ancestors oould ovor subsuquontly havo had tho heart io hroak through tho traraniols of centuries, nnd lay tlio foundation of what wo now proudly call civil and roligious libortv. — li'ideJiuy News. 