Adventures m a Pullman uar- 'Him OnwIta Herald gives tho following account of an incident which occurrod on the Union Pacific express train, on its passago botwoon Ogden and Omaha, that created a . good deal of consterna- tion, in one of tho Pullman slooping- cars. About two o'clock in tho morn ing, when tho train was at Ogallala, a passenger got4 aboard aud took a berth in the sleeper. He did not get aboard in the full of tho station lamps, -but jumped on in tho darkness, after tho train had passed the plutfortn, and im mediately got into his borth without removing any of his olotliing oxcopt his boots, and otherwise .acted as if, ho feared that something would catch him. Tho fellow was a gambler who had been carrying on operations at Ogallala in a way tli at would not square with even the gambler's code of morals. Ogallala is a groat shipping point for cattle on tho line of the "Union Pacific, and at timos a groat many cattle-dealers are thero. The fellow in question had got to playing with thoso dealers, and beat them out of 8000 dols. or 10,000 dols., and rofused to disgorge. Ho had suc ceeded in sneaking out uiid getting aboard tho train in tho manner relatod, and wns sneaking off with his big stake. The euragod cattleman did not propose to submit to tbe circumstances and lose thoir money in that way ; so they telo- graphed tho particulars to some friends iu Alkali, the next station, who wore likewise of the same resolute stamp of cattlemen. "When tho traiu arrived they, had possesion of it, and wore tearing through it to find tho man who got on at Ogallala. Thoy found him inno cently protending to sloop in his berth about tlio middle of tbo Puli- man, and the trouble commenced. The follow rofused to leave tho car, but the cattlemen assured him if he wouldn't go they had tho tools to take him, and directed, his attention to a mulo standing quietly in tho moonlight, with a long rope eoilod up on tho saddlo. "Tho bell rang to start, and mattors woro precipitated by all partios drawing revolvers and beginning to shoot promiscuously. Curtains woro torn down, and friglitouod passengers tumbled out to oscapo tho whistling bullots, and tho utmost confusion roignod, women screaming, and every body rushing out of. thd car by means of windows as well as doors, and soon tho prairie was covered with white-robod forms flitting liko ghosts in tho moon light. Tho oattlomon finally dragged out thoir victim, tiod him ou.tho mule, and startod awny with him, and tho passengers returned to . the coach, whence crios and screams and groans woro still issuing. . One young lady whoso pnronts woro on board was soroamiug, and doclaring that sbo was shot in tho log, and medical attendance was-summonod from tho station. The train was hold to await tho arrival of tho man of knives and probes, and when ho camo a professional examina tion rovoalod tho fact that a pin in the lady's stocking .was oruelly sticking hor. Thero woro some bullot-liolos through tho coach and sovoral narrow oscapos, but not a single passougor wiis bit by tho rcckloss firing. Tho fate of tlio gambler who caused, tlio trouble could not bo loarnod, but it is known positive ly that ho rodo baolc to Ogallala on that mule with tho rope in sight. Tho borths, curtains, and sidoB of the J'ullman wore protty frooly perforated with bolls. , : . . .Taylor Brothers' - Homoeopathic Cocoa. — This original preparation, wliioli line nttninod ancli n lvorlfl-wido reputation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers, undor tho ablest humcBopatliie tulviuo, nidod by tho skill and oxpcriunca of the inventors, ar.d will bo ountl to ouinbiuo in nil eminent duqroo tlio purity, tine nroinn, und nutritious proporty of the fresh nut. Taylor Brothers' soluble Chocolate, and Cocoa and milk, aro made in ono imuuto without boiliug. Taylor Brothers' Chocolate Creams, Choeolato Cream Tablots, Cliooo ate Drops and Mnrarilln Chocolnlo aro highly dolioious and wholesome. — Packed in n suporior and ologant manner. Taylor Brat era' Mustard. — Tho Ohallongo" brand (dcublo superfine quality) 'is celebrated for its ungenoy, nnd purity of Iiavour. Stoaui Milh. Brick Lnuc, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa.— Taylor Brothers, London, having tho exclusive supply of this unrivnltcd Cocon, invito com parison with any other tiocoa for Purity — lino Aroma — Sanative, Nutritivo and Sustaining Power. Ono trinl will establish it ns a fuvourito Bovcrage for breakfast, innehcon, aud a Soothing Refreshment after a lata ovou- iug. For favourable opinions oi hie Standard Morning Post, JJritish Medical Journal, d>o. (He 