THE NEW DISEASE IN VICTORIAN SHEEP. The following is from an article on this subject in the Medical Record of 20th December:— Messrs. Graham, Mit hell, and Park have undertaken a very unthankful task in attempting to prove that the disease which has swept off over a hundred thousand sheep in the Western districts is contagious. These gentlemen are looked upon as alarmists, if not something worse, for they have touched the cquatteifl in the only tender part of their frames— their pockete. Fortunately, the bite rains have filled the water ioleB— diluted the water in them— so that their contents are a little lese like dung paste, but still dang predominates, but in the shape of a fluid very like green peasoup. While it remains in this state there u just a chance that there will not be another outbreak. But if January and ? February happen to be hot and dry, sheepowners will have to hunt their pockets a good many times over to find even the ghost of the smallest com yet issued by the Melbourne Mint to keep the devil from dancing in them. The case, every one must admit, is a hard one for the poor squatters. They have bt a innooently crowcingtenoreven more sheep on an acre of land covered with four or five inches of dung— sown with rape because it grows quiohly and therefore it is profitable. The animals thus overfed, inhaling the gas from the manure, drinking liquid manure and getting no exercise— it is notsurpriBing,at let-«t to any tne but squatters, that every day from a dozen to fifty of the very beet of their sheep, worth from 15 to 25 guineas aiiece, are dead. With an eye to saving, the dead ones are sk nned — no matter whether those who do it be come inoculated with the disease and die, or get erysipelas, boils, or inflammation of the lymphatics, and those animals likely to live until they can be got to market, where they often drop down dead, are Bent off to spread the disease, iuct the same as a patient suffering from fever spreads it to others. The disease, both stxikownere and stock inspectors aayj is not contagious. If it is not. then puerperal typho'.d and scarlet fevers, small-pox, and a host of diseases depending on blood poisoning 'are not' Blood taken from a healthy sheep cannot produce blood- poisoning if injected immediately, but if allowed to putrefv it would act differently. The blood from a iluky animal would be even leas liable than that from a healthy one to produce fever, for it is tbin and pa'e, and the red corpuscles do not present more than a ?hade of pink on their outer margins ; the bile is th n and watery, end iha liver cells are unall, and filled with trans purtnt granules. This is quite different to what is observed in animals which die from blood-poisoning, the result of the injection of poisoned blood. The blood is dark-c it mred, the white corpuscles are more numerous than in health, and the red are inegular in shape, with fibrinous deposits between thm, showing tuo inflammatory nature of tbe disease. This so-caliei ' new disease ' evidently con sittsin an inflammatory state of the blood, produced by high feed ng and want of exerci e. and then the introi'ic ton of the germs of fever irom other sheep, or b id water. 