\- . The Leap from the Mast. They had had the now pieeo in proportion at the Sans Pariol for more than a month. It was to he produced at Chrintmas, and it wanted but three weeks of that time when Shopland, the lessee, suddenly sent mo to say thatJFurlong, who was to do the great somcr- vsault sceno, had broken his leg at rehearsal. The whole play turned upon the inc'idont of ' ( the great jump, and without it the play ' would hare been like Hnmlct with the prince's part ommitled, Shoploud was bound by heavy penalties to the author to produco bis work on Boxing night, nndthoreforc wrote to me to say that a substitute for Furlong must be got, and that within o week at the . outside. I was carefnlly posted in all that was going on iu the provinces. It was my especial business to be on the watch for rising talent , so I instantly rememborcd the account I bad heard of a wonderful fellow at Dumborough. What was required now was a wonderful compound: histrionic talent allied to thews and sinews — an acrobat, who was also a lloseius, and hero he was on my list. Not n few of the stars on the London ; " boards owed their position to my introduction and Shopland's bringing out. So I wrote to him to say that he should liavo what ho wanted, aud in an hour I was in a firsi-elass carriage on the Grent Western line, for I fore saw in Mr. Reginald Calverton. of tiro Dumborough Theatre Boyal, the man for my money. Dumborough calls itself a city ; it has a castle, a Cathedral, and a town ; half tiro castle is in ruins, the cathedrnl would he better for restoration, and the town hall would not be missed if it were polled down \ together. In half the street of the place you might pet in summer n very decent crop of grass ; there were shops but no one seemed to buy, nor slid the trades men appear nnxtorrs to sell. . There, was only ono big caravnnBcfy of an inn, the old coaching inn, for Dumborough was on one of the main London roads ; but tho business did it was of the mildest, like tha bear at its tap, " Stay the nigbt ?" tiro waiter asked me, with a sort of dejected incredulity. No one, clearly, ever stayed tho night at tho Baldf aced 8 tag, and tiro waiter looked at me as if I wcro an escaped commrmjst or a suicidal manlio flying from an asylum, when 1 replied that I should want both strbper and a bed t " Any nmoscment here 7" I asked. ' Well, air, thcir's the cadtlc and the Cathedral gronnds, and — " " Tho thentre ?" ro dc sure, air — cuinngniiin h ujwuiu — need to ho the Theatre Boyal. Thcro'a 1 The Graveyard of the Ganges ' on to-night, n fine piece, I can tell yon, nnd young Calverton, him has wns own son to 8quiro | Oldncrc down at Goldminster, who rnn away J from home, plays the Bnjpoot warrior. Oh 1 it ia grand, and Mifs Floppy (Florence her | name ia). that's old Collingbam's daughter i (lie's dead, but Mrs. C. keeps on the house), she docs the hcro-wino. nnd it's n sight for sore eyes to see her. They are all mad for Miss Floppy, too young sparks are here, csnaciallv voiincSIr Dunklev. the mayor's son; he'll go any lengths, I linvo hewd liim any, butjj what he'll win her I Lord' bless you, she fnvors him no more tlinn the rest,' nnd a good job, too, for he ain't much account though he's got plenty o' money. Ah I she's a rare good girl, I'll warrant yon, and they do say as voueg Calverton and slie'll make a match of it yet; they act first-rale together always." The old fellow wns wonnd up like an eight- day clock, nnd would have gone on lins long when we heard the chatter of hoofs, nc some one rode sharply by the wiudow in the inn yard. " Here, Silas, Luke, somo of you, take tho tit." Then with an onth, " Ain't none of you nwnke 1 If this isn't the deadest, worm- eatcncst, monldiest old crib — " Hearing tho voice' -my talkative waiter started and said : " Why there is yonng Dunkley ; talk of tho d — ; I'd best go and Bee what he wants." Mr Dnnklcy mado known his wants for himself by angrily calling for some gin nnd bitters as he strode into tho coffee-room where I was seated. Not a plentant-visnged youth, nor of engaging presence as he scowlced at me from under his lint, which be never tlionght of removing, I noted liis spotted face, wide nostrils, and heavy under- jaw, and set him down at onco'ns an idle, dissolntc young man ; one who had been Bpoiled probably from childhood, and, as. be grew up, wns nllnwi-d fn run riot, n dilnfrliill-rnr.k Inrdinrrit over nil his companions, I left bim, therefore to his gin nnd'bittors and having warmed and taken some refresh ment, issued forth into the raw and misty twilight, and sought out the Lyceum. The bills announced a change of entertainment nenrly every night. Thia evening and to morrow " The Graveyard of the Ganges" was the grent attraction, but to-morrow the performance would ho for tho benefit of Mr Beginnld Calverton, and would conclude by espccinl desire, with liis celebrated drama, " The Pirate of the Piraius ; or, tho Leap from the Mast," which would be given for the twentieth nnd last time this season. I could have wished that this piece had been on to-night ; it seemed to offer n better op portunity for judging of Mr Calverton's powers than "The Graveyard of the Ganges" but ns it was my cue to remain iucog, until I had seen liim, and ns I had no time to spare, ' directly tho doors were opened I secured a little pit-box close upon the stage, and ensconced myself snugly in tho darkest corner of it. After a while, a few yokels in the. pit, half- n-dozenofthc better class of tradespeople I (amongst whom sat young Dunkley), in the boxes, und an iinmistakenblc gallery of " paper," made up the audience. The gross receipts could baroly have paid for the gas : probably nothing else was paid for, nor would the gaB company have been so fortunate had it not possessed tho power of shutting up the house by shutting off the light. Two fiddles, a flute, and a trombone completed the orchestra. The decorations were of tho seediest, the empty benches in the pit slione with grease, and the draperies of the boxes wore tattered nnd torn. In truth, I was but little prepossessed ; the play was badly mounted, and in the first few scenes sup ported miserably. I promised myself n nigbt of unutterable dullness and wns half nslcop alrcndy, wben a round of applause — not loud, tbe audience was too limited for that, but undoubtedly mv attention — MifiS Colliughnm bad jnst comoon. One look at her was snfficient to explain tier popularity. I bad seldom seen upon the stage a face nnd figure more striking. It wns such n good face too; not moroly handsome and regular in feature, but thoroughly good. Her lnrge brown eyes wcro honest as the day; wlitn she smiled it was with a frank heartiness that inspired confidence, almost friendship, at first sight. As my box was so close npon the stage I could watch her narrowly, it occurred to me at once that if to her splendid gifts of beauty were ndded the smallest scintilla of talent, sho might certainly be developed into a complete theatrical success. I had gone in search of ono thing, and had stumbled, -quite by ohnncn, upon nuotlier of infinitely greater value. She spoke. Her voice wns ns sweet ns a Bilver bell, reminding mo much of the tones with which Miss Helen Fnucit, years ngo, kept her audience enchained. She made her points well, hor intonation wns clearly marked, nnd her grasp of tho chnrncter sho was playing, snoh as it wns, intelligent, not to say original. Her movements nnd her poses, too, were graceful, whilst sue used her handB with great effect. " She'll do," I said ( to myself; "Bho's a nngget to bo dug i np nnd removed frem Dumborough." The play proceeded. Tbe man, this young ! Calverton, whom I had come down on pur pose to seo, performed one or two enrious, i rami- acrobatic feats, which were clearly in terpolated to show of his tremendous vigour and activity : but his noting was not bad, nnd I saw he would qaito serve Shopland's purpose in the emergency. I stayed on ; wenry as I was, however, iu my stuffy littlo j box, to Fee tho last piece, a dreary buries- ' que, solely for tbe pnrpoEe of watching Miss Floppy, who, of conrse, was in it. I Datientiy I listened, through nn act of interminable length, to common-place periods and pnns spoken in themort common- place tones, ti 11 the wholo performance, growing moro nnd more monotonous and dreary, ns- sumcd at Ibngtb a shftdoviy, unsubstantial chnrncter, nnd I seemed to be gazing up, out of the narrow aperture of my box, which was just on the levol of the stage, ntnpnrty of desperately dull ghosts playing a phantom Ehow behind a dark and misty screen. i Tho weariness of the time increased, nnd seated snugly in tho corner on n low casy- chnir, with my legs under another, I found i myself constantly dozing ; vet I waited on nnd on, inspired with the hope of seeing Floppy: Only when she wns on the stage did my interest revive, nnd by degrees it seemed as if her entrances aud exits even ; -.vera becoming ns shadowy ns anything else. ! Suddenly I wns sharply nrousrd by a Fcnso of intense nnd ncuto pain — I had fallen to the ground; and. stnrling-up, now thoroughly awakened, fouud that I wns in' darkness, in somo small place, gloomy, con- 1 fined, and6ilent as a tomb. In a frenzy of; horror, I put forthmy hands nnd fult'n eurtnin, a conrse pall of curtain, in front of me aud ! dragging it aside, n sickly burst of daylight j revenled the fact clearly that I mnst have! passed the night in the little dust-bin of a box. Tbe curtain I bad pulled back was a , part of tho brown hollnnd hangings with I which, when the performance is at an end, tl.e cushions and curtains of tho boxes nro covered np. It had been lowered from the | grand tier over the front of my littlo stage i box. and thus concealed, I- had escaped observation when tho house was shut np for tho night, Surprised and startled beyond expression nttbc lapse of time nnd my apparent obli- ; vion of it, I doubled at first if I could really j be still inside the thcatie, for I had a sense : so strongly upon me of having being but very Irtelv in quite a different place. In spito of I tbe details which now surrounded me, nnd which I distinctly realised tbe covered boxes 1 tlic orchestra, tho stage cleared and deser ted, save by tho long coils of fire hose brought np close to tho float — in spito of all this I wns haunted with a notion that I lmd climbed nnd clambered up somewhere, amongst mnsts and rigging, and crawled out upon the ynrdB, only to full, the victim of some terrible treachery, suddenly far into tbe bottomless space. | But, although these vague nnd impalpable ' recollections continued to surge through my , brain, I dismissed them—or sought to do so — as the mysterious vestiges of n dream that ; hnd but lately fled, and scrambling out of ; my crib, got np on tlic stage." Here, ns I . made my way to tho back, 1 was standing in . the wings three property mnst, with cross- 1 trees and yards, nnd liigli up in the flies wide ; canvas anils nrrd other nautical gear. Could , it havo been those that hnd influenced my sleeping thoughts 1 I did not pau60 to eon- ; sider. My watch hnd stopped nt a qunrter 1 aBt four ; tho nv rning wns donbtle«s far advanced, to judge by the back of tho gnllory ; all I thought of at present wns how to escape from tho thentre and get home to bed, Nothing but a lnteh protee'ed tho Btage entrance, nnd n figure fast asleep in n chair in the doorkeeper's recess, wns the solo protection against thieves, nnd tbe solo , hindrance to my exit; 1 I was soon back at the Boldfaced Sing. Tho waiter did not think much ofn no.. man who, ordering a supper and , . , turned his meal I into a breakfast, and ret rod to his couch nt eight in tho mornin? ? wns too stiff, cold, nnd miserablo tocmo'fi | lus suspicious salutations, and, turn in,, ; slept soundly till Into in the day. ' Towards afternoon I strolled down to n,„ Colhng'ham! dW surly ol d doorkeeper ' '"d'ycT suppose' 'we1''0 C"lgbtamdr'Ut t0 takc messages for Miss Evidently Miss Floppy Wns in request md her ndimrers importunate. I repeated ' inquiry. v ttWu my sn"SaECd'" doorkeeper, | (To be Continued .) Tho vnlidily in England of a mnrri„„„ contracted in the colonies with a decenwd wife s sister is occupying a good of attention just now. As the law stnnds, while sunt, marriages nre legal in tho colonics, thev n ihegal in this country, so that -a colon «r wife wedded under snol. circumstances1- i would have no legal status here. An in flucniial deputation, beaded by Mr-low ' brought this important subject to the nS i of Lord Carnarvon the other day. whcn l io S lordship said it was a legal difficulty that P had to be faced with forbearance . m 1 both sides, Ho regretted- that there should ' exist en cb a difference in the marriage W I in different parls of the Empire. Our 5 liament hnd taken np tho question of K,nr ringc with n deceased wife's sister re" ! pcatcdly. His predecessor iu office recommended the Crown to refuse its fane I tion to such Acts. If, however, a clear ens" j of hardship oould bo mado out, it mienf uf , submitted for the consideration of thc i„„ t I officers of tho Crown to sav whether an ® ! question existed ns to tho legitimate ,r ? : child. ' "I , 