PROTESTANTISM AND IN- FIDELITY. FOR some time past the secularist journals in this country and elsewhere have been bringing very plainly into view the discord and self-contradiction of Protestantism. They see very clearly that, as the doctrine affirming the right of private judgment puts them on a level with their teachers, they cannot be fairly asked to accept the mere statements of these teachers as having any special value. The teacher, it is true, is said to be the mouthpiece of his church, and to have his teaching guaranteed by her authority; but this is only a figure of speech. All the religious associations that have sprung up since the sixteenth century very strongly insist on guaranteeing nothing. They can scarcely be regarded as of more authority than General Councils; and we are told by the twenty-first of the Thirty-nine Articles of the Anglican Church, that General Councils " may err, and sometimes have erred, even in things pertaining unto God." The other similar associations would, in like manner, scout the notion of being free from error, and regard it as a device of Satan to ensnare the unwary. Accordingly, the secularists, even if a teacher have the guarantee of his church for his doctrine, may not unreasonably declare that" they like not the security." ' It is clear, then, that none of the teachers of Protestant doctrines can logically hold their ground against their assailants. They cannot claim - that authority to teach which their church disowns. They can, it is true, declare that they are sent' by her to preach, but they are obliged to add that they have no message of hers to deliver. Instead of a clear message; they receive from her a set of forms which point to one doctrine without denying its contradictory. The sense of these forms they must not attempt to fix, lest such a course should arouse a spirit of inquiry. To be safe and respectable ministers, they must appeal exclusively to the heart, stimulate benevolence, and let a sentimental haze gather round the intellect lest it should follow its natural bent in seeking definite truth. With this set of forms they have the Bible, or at least what they call the Bible; but that does not much improve their logical position. For, unless they admit the authority of the only Church which, by unbroken succession joins Pius IX. to Peter, and Peter to Christ, they cannot prove the inspiration of that book on which they profess to base all thieir doctrines. It is no wonder, then, that they present so sorry a figure when they are engaged in combat with the infidels of our day. Under these circumstances it may be natural in them to divert the attack by crying out on intellectual pride. But, surely, such a charge comes with a bad grace from the advocates of private judgment. If every man is free, or rather bound, to form his own opinions on religious matters, it is just as tyrannical in them to assert the necessity of holding some particular opinions as it would be absurd in their hearers to admit an authority which they renounce. In this matter the Catholic system is beautifully consistent. The unbroken succession of the Catholic Ghurch from its institution by Christ, the holiness of its teaching and the number of its saints, its world-wide congregation knit into a compact body by unity of faith, ritual, and government, mark it out as the oracle of God. The teaching body is entrusted by divine authority with the message from heaven; and it is preserved from error by the Holy Spirit which Christ promised as the guide. The faithful, recognising the divine authority of the teacher, accept the doctrines, fully, and with gladness. Such submission is so far from servility that it involves the highest exercise of reason and liberty. For, doubtless, it is the noblest privilege of our rational nature to receive divine truth from a messenger divinely preserved from, error. It is far otherwise with the teachers of the Protestant doctrines. In truth their position may well claim our pity. Convinced, as they sincerely are, of certain truths, which they hold dear as their lives, they must be sorely tried when they cannot show cause why they hold these doctrines as private men, or insist on their acceptance by the public. Still, this ordeal may be useful. It may bring them to a sense of the hollowness of the creed they profess, and make them turn to a Church whose logical consistency no adversary has been able to impeach save by distorting ber doctrine, and whose claims to teach divine truth cannot otherwise be obscured than by systematic misrepresentation and slander. Of course, as the secularist journals are omniscient, they are lavish of advice, in the present conjuncture, to the ministers of tbe modern churches. The leading maxim they inculcate is, that ministers should never heed " dogma," but confine themselves to moral teaching. This well-meant counsel, to our ears, sounds very like irony. The fact is, it is impossible to make any such separation. All moral conduct presupposes actions to be regulated by fixed laws. These laws are found in Christian tradition. Some of them are contained in what is called the natural law, and have received a new sanction from Revelation; others, like the principle of humility, are made known for the first time by Holy Writ. Now, as dogma means nothing more than revealed truth, it is. clear that these doctrines pertain just as much to dogma as does the Godhead of the Holy Ghost or the Incarnation of the Son. Besides, every system of morality must declare the end of man's being, and what are the sanctions of the moral law ; and thus the preacher of morality cannot avoid discussing the " dogma" of the eternal hell of the wicked, and the eternal happiness of the good. Of course the Protestant teacher is, in this matter, met by the same difficulty as before. It is part of his creed that his church may be wrong, and he can hardly blame his people if they prove their belief in this article by rejecting her moral teaching as well as her dogma. Accordingly, wherever private judgment has had a free career, we find that the principles of the moral law have been obscured or lost. Tbe necessity of penance has been ignored, the sacraments have well-nigh disappeared, and the sacred tie which gave position and rank to the Christian matron, has dwindled into a temporary engagement. The Protestant teachers cannot stop this headlong current of infidelity, and if they want not to be whirled away in the vortex,,they must cling to the Rock on which the storms of nineteen centuries have burst in vain. The secularist journals show the false position of the Protestant teacher by exposing the logical inconsistency of the arguments which alone it is within his competence to employ. Having done so, they exult, as if they had gained a victory over some Christian truth, which they straightway try to cover with ridicule and contempt; thereby incautious Catholic readers may be brought into danger. The principle attacked and ridiculed may be a doctrine of their faith. On seeing the Protestant arguments defeated and sneered down, they may have their minds disturbed about the doctrines in question, unless they bear constantly in mind that Catholic truth has far other supports and foundations than the shifting sands on which the modern churches have built their tottering fabrics. Let Catholics, therefore, be on their guard. 