:rea-raerarararaJig ABdhrngftfere ate many mnatoa.?n a| ra, the Anfoaar Bterap of Ballnrae paid a t , (in Hamntott, and Butwii.rnd.aninnir hoa Zp te mrnnrtamiw vrrereunirrmg foa attentiiiS ?7. i dt JhtoThe i kfeT-emitoBttelti pay na mferevh 5 ; star to by fee fimmUtion atone of tin i Chmrftrf BmdhnSini. EnEnnn®- j aciiiwupanimF hy Mrn Thnettm. agmg 1 ft fate fit fee ifaOfivfeil A ammniiyte Ac le ? ; «SL be &nxu;£ W wfll JH V ! affitaftoaamfore tofee w-r I. 'EaxsnreaF THE ECNBte"' „ _ asss. i tfittdhnivrfn fintafaatanniinB ; towm. The aift off fee now ! woil-kmjwir. iwim: fee ma rasK orr wfiihh: fen afi£ era? srucnHE atomL- atfeetnp off ®=ystnuuq, i® toheahiaiiind; ttenff aniEfeftnmifeBnumzg ecomiry-'iB mam hrentifMi feat W'fcfini® J tato. fai&t; fen trenraa large- toSEnifimra of 1 (Hapiay of himcnig, anif tain i of tfa- oiiE GiifeiB ehnreh, pari® wife ivy ami! Sgfitod: ? hy : mmp immmnng tran at tile anaioK t Sn Enmptt. Mi not re i BawHrf re prffitv : watmadi fir fere ffitesmt : gxily-ifiemiatef muqnE9, had fortito chrmramE ImiiiJ. fee StilicL nuiMnwry work I wfirafo IB ire fitrare to be \- ffimnfistimotiimK which woE-pnnMp tan "-amRiandi treri liufi:- hrHBR IgmUfaaniE feere worn toi«®B reaaaft fen OBe <£ linnnttia mSlBrr firar. ta- taafafeB Biifai took notodlgUl ffn in:, nA: the pnbi.wnir— ...„, tften Bhac. Mb. fain madinc "Deariy Brihreffi in. the htona? nc fen ena&on; ol ?,' lmifi. eolmmn? eome ngpimaaili tiiw ffmnilfatibn ir MLianiltanm wife ttim onric®K& tenffihffi (ta: fa few tite tetm SnOffinsfer ha dlHB«ng tPTlitil ai i aii ia ill" (Tiiiifi it is written : ' Except the Lord the hoase, their Isboar is bat Ioet that ; except the Lord keep the city, the Bbman waketh bnt in vain and let ns Hbre the blessing of Almighty God on this Mfodertalring." Then followed the cn8- litany, tbe effective choir chanting Lesponees, which was succeeded by sp- Bkiate prayers, a psalm, and the Creed ; which Lindsay Cuabks read the following viz. — On tbe twenty- ninth day of November, In the year of Our Lord tbonsand right hundred and seventy-six, Wind the reign of Her Majesty Victoria, of the United Kingdom or Great Britain and Ireland, George Ferguson Bo wen. Knight, G.C.U.G., Kbelng Governor of tbe Colony of Victoria, . The fonndatlon-stone of tble Church, Dedicated to Christ onr Saviour, was laid by Bight Reverend Samuel Thobkxok, D.D., First Biehop of Hie building is to be erected from foods enb- KedbytbemembereoftbeChnrch of li.iH.iJ Hotberstntbis ndghbonrbood, for the worship Rlmlghty God at Hamilton, npon tbe site of tbe Beborcb, wbicb bring found inadequate for the mlremcnts of tbe pariabloneis, has been removed make room tor the conetractlon of a new and Ker edifice, more fitted for tbe Lord's eerviee. iesfgned by Henry R. Caselli, architect. Bal- ; Thomas Fairbsirn, Belfast, contractor. The Rev. Julius Lewis, Inenmbent cctbbest fethebstokbaucb, Richard Garton. f Chart u:b James Cbeswell, > Trustees. Lxkusat Clarke, and ( Robert Etap xltoh Bbee, ) LtKUSAT Clarke. ) George Harriott, and > Gn&rdianE.; Jobs Thomas Kekkedt.) Mt. Clarke then placed tbe scroll, as also silver, and copper coins of the realm, Bom a bright sovereign down to a dingy Krtiring, and copies of the Hamilton Spectator Argus, of Tuesday, into a bottle, wbicb Bvaa hermetically closed, and plaoed in tbe ftecepbacle prepared for the purpose. Having Hbeen presented with tbe handsome silver ftrowel described in a previous issne, His R Lordship carefully smoothed the mortar, the fonndation-stope was at once lowered, - re- Reived the hrtiibdox tap, etc., and Dr. Thorn 9 ton declared it to be well and truly laid in i the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The bymn — This stone to Thee in faith we lay ; We build the temple. Lord, to Thee; Thine eye be open night and day. To guard this house and sanctuary. Was nioely rendered by the choir. Miss Uren accompanying on tbe harmonium. Then fol lowed several prayers, after which a collection waa made. the Bishop being the first to con tribute, and the result, apparently a hand some one, was laid on the foundation-stone, when Dr. Thornton made a short but telliog address. They wonld ail agree with him that the day's business had been of a most gratify ing nature — gratifying from several points of view. The citizens of Hamilton, no matter to whatever denomination they might belong, wonld be delighted to know that at last a definite beginning had been made of the bnilding of a chnroh that wonld be an orna ment to their town, which he oonfeased was most beautifully situated, and since his last ; visit had evidently progressed, as he noticed new private residences springing up on all aides, and substantial new public bnildings being erected. Bye and bye, when the iron- horse was rushing up from Portland on the one side, and from Ararat on the other, bringing visitors to tbe town, they would in the new church see a building that wonld both satisfy the taste and please the eye; and he thonght all who had seen tbe plans of the bnilding wonld agree with him that it would possess the character he had given it. It ought to do so, as there were two archi tects engaged en it, tbe plans having been prepared by his highly esteemed friend and Iellow townsman, Mr. Caselli, of Ballarat, whilst the building was to be erected undtr the careful supervision of another able archi tect, Mr. Smith, of Hamilton. That it wonld be faithfully built, the reputation of the contractors was a sufficient guarantee. True, it wonld not be completed for some time — after the present contract had been carried out, there wonld still be the permanent chaocel to be boilt. It wonld, perhaps, be some time . before the spire was raised. Nevertheless, as citizens and as Christians, they most all rqoiccfct that day's doings. None, no mat ter to whatever denomination tbey might belong, wonld regret that tbe members of tbe Church io this district had so increased that tbe old chnrch had become too email, and it bad become necessary to erect one of larger dimensions. Hie Lordship then alluded to . the liberality often displayed by members of I. the Chnrch of England in contributing to- I wards tbe erection of other churches. Not I thst he st all deprecated such liberality,. bnt I they often, he eaid, rushed to extremes. He I had heard of some members contributing towards other churches when their own was in debt to the extent of £300 or £400, and be reminded them that tbey mast be H just before they were generous, and hoped tbey m wonld remember tbe duty that would devolve upon them of carrying ont what they had that day begun st tbe earliest possible moment. This was not the world yet where temples were oot wanted, and he believed tbe work they bad that day began wonld be a matter H of interest of their common Lord and Master, who, when on earth, would not allow a vessel to be carried through His temple, who did not refuBe tbe box of ointment from the poor wo- Koan. By bnilding the new chnrch tbey would an additional crown at their Master's feet, Knd add honour to His name. He next spoke Eftbe great progress that was being made by Khe Church in the diocese, and as denoting Ht energy of its people, and tbeir desire to Kcrsbip God with fitting snrronndings, bis Eordsbip mentioned tbe cbnrches he had Kiring the short time be had been in tbe Bblony been called npon to begin, open, and Knsecrate. He had consecrated churches st Kirregnrra and Dun oily ; been called npon to ; Kopen churches at Tyrendarra and Haddon ; open churches at Carngham and Heywood ; Ky the foundation-stone of a chnrch st Hor- ; and there on the 29th day of Novem- BerjA.D. 1876, he had laid the fonndstion- Btoce of a new church in Hamilton. He Kncerely hoped that as hehad began the first of Hnr tilings with reference to that particular Eharcb, be should soon becslledupon toopeo it, Ehat he -should soon be recalled to reopen it Eftertbe erection of the chancel and spire, - Kcd after that, soon be asked to perform the Hast ceremony, consecrate it, which could not Bbe done until the church was free from debt. BwHow soon that wonld be wonld of course depend npon themselves. Like the builders til Nebemish's wall, they had bad tench rnb- bishsndmany adversaries to contend against. The rubbish His Lordship indicated by Pint I ing and alluding to the rubbishing walls of the old church. "With respect to adversaries, I he did oot mean that these had come from outride the Oh arch. Their adversaries had been legal technicalities, &c.;, which it had been necessary to clear away ; and jnst as ' I Nohemishls Jews got their wall built at last, bo most tbey. T£ie was by »rjpD8 » pnion, each man doing his part, God.s hand w bung npon them. If tbey did this,' it wonld. ?Tiiot be loDg before the bnilding was com- S pleted, to tbeir great credit, joy, and satia- ,f faction, and to the . glory of God. Hmng agiio expressed tbe great pleasure be rat st v»" having been called upon to perform such a f dutv. His Lordship reanmed Ms seat. Hymn— i '' O Lord of hosts. Whose glory fillB Tbe boonds of the eternal hills. And yet vouchsafes. In OntoUan lands, .; To dwril In teinples made with hands. The ceremony then concluded with tbe prayer pf St phrysoefom add tbe benediction \-- liyNieKshpp. 