PAR L I A M E N T. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, FEB. 29. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 25 minutes to 9 o'clock. PETITION. Mr ANDERSON presented a petition from Mrs Connell of the Law Institute of Victoria transposition to the Legal Professions Amal. "toation Bill now before the House. The petition was received, and ordered to be referred to the committee of the whole Howe. a NOTICE OF (QUESTION. BELCHER gave notice that on Tues A jury he would draw the attention of the fJ- ÁíBunber representing the Government / ^ j'toHÍBent impure state of the water sup- ' ¿ to the town of Geelong from the Stony c$C reservoir, and ask him whether the Government would take into consideration the position of the payers of the water rates pending the construction of proper filter MB, MOA- PROFESSIONS AMALGAMATION 'BILL. When the order of the day for the second renting of the Bill to Amalgamate the Legal Professions was called on, Mr JENNER stated that Mr. Sargood, who had charge of the bill, was unable to be in his place, as he was suffering from a severe cold and sore throat He therefore moved That the order of the day be postponed until Tuesday next, The motion was agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. The House, at 20 minutes to 5 o'clock, adjourned until Tuesday next. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, FEB. 29. The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past i o'clock. LATE ARRIVAL OF TRAINS. Mr BENT called the attention of the Minister of Railways to the late arrival of tubes at the Spencer-street Station, men tionine that the N.E. train was frequently an low and the Sandhurst train 20, 30. or 40 minutes late, which caused people to be put to inconvenience and expense. Mr. JONES said he had a memorandum from the traffic manager, which stated that the last train from Wodonga had lately been behind time, caused principally by the heavy traffic on the second and third sections necessitating the employment of goods instead of passenger engines. If the pressure continued, it would be necessary to again put on an additional train for goods only. The 7.15 up-train on the main line had been late as follows during this month 21st, 10 minutes 10th, 8 minutes ¡ 12th, 5 minutes j 15th, 10 minutes ; 10th, 5 minutes 2 22nd, 8 minutes. In all cases where any person had suffered any annoyance from the train being late, if he would send intimation to the department, he would cause instant inquiry to be made. SuTP-Y-THE ESTIMATES. The SPEAKER left the chair, and the House resolved itself into a Committee of Supply for the further consideration of the «11018108. The amounts proposed were, in addition to those already voted. On the item, Parliamentary library, £1,110 mild., Mr, MACBAIN asked whether the Premier had gone carefully over the estimates, to see if he could reduce them in any way without impairing the efficiency of the public service. SirJAMESM'CULLOCHsaid he had not had time to do so, but at this late period of the session it would be impossible to make any alteration with regard to the departments. When they came to the works they might be able to make some reductions. The item was passed, as were also the following Refreshment rooms, £270; Chief Secretary's office, £2,239 10s. 10d.; Government statist, £982 10s. On the item, Police, £64,313 9s., Mr MACBAIN called attention to the necessity of police protection being provided forNattimuc, in the Wimmera district. He also called attention to the extraordinary ' waste carried on in the public departments by the use of large sheets of costly paper to write half a dozen words in reply to letters, and the large envelopes employed. Mr. MACPHERSON said he would call the attention of his own department to the matter, With regard to increased police protection, he received numbers of applications, with which it was impossible for him to comply, as he could propose no increase to the force at present. Mr. WOODS said the Government needed a couple of hundred policemen to repress popular applause being bestowed on their members. Mr. LANGRIDGE desired to call attention to the fact that at the suburban police courts two or three police inspectors were frequently in attendance, when the whole police business could be equally well performed by the sergeant in charge of the station. Mr KERFERD said that the police were never in attendance at any of the courts un- this when they were required as witnesses or otherwise. Mr BENT said he objected to the item of allowance to police officers in lieu of grooms, and to other items on these estimates : but owing to the stone-wall business in the Assembly he supposed it was too late to make any alteration in the estimates now. Mr. DIXON stated that inspectors of police were allowed £40 a year for quarters, whereas police constables in the suburbs or country towns were only allowed a small sum of a few shillings a year for candles, is. Mr. MACPHERSON said the rule was to allow superintendents and inspectors a certain amount per annum, sufficient to rent a suitable house. The amount varied with the rite of house rent in different places. Mr. KING objected to the item of £1,800 for incidental expenses. He thought the unions expenses included under that head should be stated as far as possible. Mr. MACPHERSON said he was as much opposed as the hon. member could be to voting money under the head of inci- dental, contingencies. &c.; In a large department like the police, however, it was necessary to make provision for unforeseen expenses of different kinds, and it was found that the amount of £1,800 was sufficient for the purpose. Mr. WOODS thought a great amount could w reduced in the expenditure of the different departments of the Government if the Ministers at the head of them took the same interest in the matter as they would if the money spent were their own. He knew the Premier would not tolerate in his own private business things which he knew went on every day in his department, where he had to submit to a kind of system and fall into the grooves into which the civil service had worked itself. He (Mr. Woods) parties. lately objected to the item in this department of "fuel, light, and water." He thought men should Be paid a certain amount, whatever it might be, and let them provide every, thing for themselves out of that amount. With a view of testing the matter, he would move that the estimate be reduced by Mr. GILLIES.-Your own Government proposed these estimates. Mr. WOODS.-He cared nothing for that (Mr. M'LEL-AN here smiled.) What was the hon, member for Ararat laughing at 1 Mr, M'LELLAN.-At you. Mr. WOODS.-If the hon. member would not look in a glass he would find a better object to laugh at. I 'n' M'LELLAN,"--i have never been guilty of the conduct you have. *.iW959s-The Son- member in a SA Cries of "Chair," and "With. six ' . nim withdraw the remark he sale of, and then I'll withdraw what I p i As hon. member said he had never I ». guilty of the conduct what I have been 1 It oil and * Ba? in reply that the hon. I ,T?er,ÍB.acoward, and if he comes outside I punch him in the head. toordMHAIRMANoaUedth*uon' memb8t HJÎ"W0-0DS then rushed out of the S too7""8, Commons I'll do it damned turtf%*XPi~'s said as the hon- member w Crowlands had left the chamber he had merÄ0VMJhim' He had with the hon. ShsAt*0 order- and the matter was now in J bands of the committee. 0o»u£IN9 -selected members of the siv-S_le_t would refrain front Ting often »bUS.Mfe.6?Pcc,a,1yM within matter, to 3fihliM»ni?ter for Mines had evidently ffiv'_Íbe Attorney-General had dis Kian! r hon member for .roS«îdJAMnE8 "'CULLOCH trusted that there that he," MLA m are of this kind of thing, and strong Semler wool- abstain from using ¿&s-;£ns£mand go on with item AS M'CULLOCH said that, the CevÄ"?0at.beJwst!>oned- He would, «"www, betters in a oUila Work , trio estimates were reported, any information which the hon. member might desire, Mr. BENT asked if the Chief Secretary could tell the House the value of the quarters in which the officers resided. Mr. MACPHERSON explained that the quarters in some pi ices cost more than in others. They ranged from £40 to £100 per annum. He pointed out also that, with a view to the proper discipline of the force, it would be impossible to allow constables to live in various suburbs. They were obliged to reside in their own districts, and in those cases where they were allowed to live in their own houses, it was looked upon as a favour. Mr. DIXON said that in Prahran, where there were 12 or li policemen, there were only quarters for two of them, viz, the sergeant and the lock-up keeper. The vote was then agreed to. On the item of £17,701 2s. for penal establishments, Mr. G. V. SMITH asked the Treasurer when the Government intended dealing with that portion of the report of the Royal Commission referring to life sentences. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH said the subject had been under the consideration of the Government for some time past, and was still receiving attention. Mr. SERVICE pointed out that in dealing with this matter it would be necessary for the Government to treat each case on its merits, and not apply the same rule to all cases. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LANGRIDGE called attention to the item of £750 for forage, burials, relief of destitute prisoners on discharge, and incidental expenses, and asked what portion of that amount was applied to the relief of discharged prisoners. Mr. MACPHERSON could not state the exact amount given to each man, but there were certain rules on which the amount was calculated. The amount in a great measure depended upon the prisoners themselves. They received so much for good behaviour, and the extra work done by them was valued at a small sum. Mr. WRIXON urged upon the Government the desirability of their co-operating with the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society, which had already done a great deal of good in reclaiming discharged prisoners. He pointed out that in the United States the amounts due to discharged prisoners were handed over by the Government to similar societies, and he suggested that the same course should be adopted here. Mr. MACPHERSON said that he hoped in the course of a few days to be enabled to isSue some new regulations, one of which would be in the direction referred to by the hon. member. He considered the society spoken of deserved well of the country, as it had done a great deal of good. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LANGTON suggested that the Government should also take into consideration the System in force in England, and make a distinction between habitual criminals and those who had only once come within the grasp of the law. (Hear, hear.) The vote was then agreed to, as was also the item of £991 us. in. for the chief medical officer's department. On the item of £28,929 3d. ii. for hospitals for the insane, Mr. M. L. KING suggested that the amount of £9,436 6s. 8d. for the Kew Asylum should be postponed until the present inquiry was over Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH pointed out that some time would yet elapse before the report of the board was submitted to the Government, and by that time the financial year would be at an end. The report would no doubt contain some valuable recommendations, which could, of course, be acted on next year. Mr, COPE asked for an explanation of the item £900 fees to official visitors. What were the duties of those gentlemen ? Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH explained that the Lunacy Statute provided that official visitors should inspect the asylums at intervals. Mr. PATTERSON was of opinion that the vote should be postponed until the board now sitting at the Kew Asylum had finished its labours. Mr. CREWS said that the board had sat three days a week since they first met, Matters of great importance had come under their notice, and he did not think they would be able to Ciniah their labours for at least a month, and it would be fully another month before their report would be ready for submission to the Government. He hoped that nothing would be done to hasten the board, as they were desirous of thoroughly sifting the whole matter so as to satisfy the country. (Hear, hear.) He did not consider there was any necessity for postponing the vote. Mr. LONGMORE was also of opinion that the board should not be hurried, but that they should make a searching inquiry. Mr. LANGRIDGE considered that if the official visitors had done their duty in a proper manner, this inquiry would not have been necessary. Mr. MACBAIN pointed out that at least one portion of the evidence of Dr. Robertson should receive the serious attention of the Government. It appeared that a great deal of the mismanagement of the institution had arisen from the fact that the appointment of attendants was not vested in the hands of the superintendent, but with the Chief Secretary. He hoped the Government would alter that system without waiting for the report of the board, so that in future suitable persons might be chosen by the superintendent for the position of attendants. Mr. MACPHERSON said that no appointment was made of warders to the asylum without a certificate from the head of the medical staff that the person to be appointed was fit for the position he was to occupy and the difficulty Dr. Robertson alluded to was not about appointments, but dismissals. As to affairs at the asylum, he did not feel inclined to deal with them at all until the inquiry was finished, as he did not believe it would be right to do so. Mr. LONGMORE hoped the medical staff would not have the making of the appointments for the asylums, as if that were the case, the results would be worse than they were now. Mr, J. T. SMITH said he had been a member of the board of visitors to the asylums for 18 years, and he knew that when persons were appointed to employment at the asylums they were only taken on probation, and the superintendent had afterwards to report whether they were fit for the employment or not. Some of the persons employed at the asylums had, from one cause or another, during a course of years, become incapacitated for the work they had to do and the board had reported over and over again to the Government that the class of persons generally appointed were not such as should be appointed. A number of the persons appointed were smart, active men, but their proper place would be in something like wardershipa at Pentridge. Persons should be chosen for warders who were of a musical turn, or who could amuse and entertain the patients, and afford them recreation. A reference to the quarterly report of the visitors would show that their duties were heavy, and he could say that he had visited different asylums 160 times during the past year. In his opinion it was a waste of money to erect the Kew Asylum, as it was more fit for a gaol than an asylum. At the Yarra Bend Asylum, with its cottages and gardens, there was something like content- ment amongst the inmates, but the Kew Asylum, besides being unfit for its purpose, was overcrowded, and a deal of the misery there occurred from that fact. He know from his own experience that Dr. Foley and Dr. Robertson were most anxious to carry out their duties, and that no two men desired more than they did to do their business properly. During his visits to the asylums for so long he had become known to many of the inmates, and some of them really thought he was one of themselves-{laughter)-when he went among them and talked with them. So far as the present inquiry was concerned, he thought the Government were doing what was proper. As to the future, he thought there was no fear for it, because he believed the Government would do all that was necessary. One thing that they might do would be to weed out useless attendants, both male and female, and find them employment elsewhere. There was also no necessity for keeping a large number of lunatics within the bounds of the asylum, for it would be much better to board them out. Many of the lunatics were thoroughly harmless, and would to a certain extent be useful in employment outside the asylum. The board of visitors a short time ago recommended the boarding out system and he thought that 200 or 300, or perhaps 500, lunatics might well be boarded-out at less expense than now to the state, and with a better chance of being cured, or it that could not be accomplished, with a much happier life than they could have in the asylums. Mr. WRIXON strongly supported the system of boarding out harmless lunatics. He thought many of the patients in the asylums had nothing whatever to occupy their attention, and that would, in many cases, make Bone men mod, There would not, he believed, be any thorough reform of their lunatic asylums unless they followed the example of the old countries, and placed the asylums in situations where there was plenty of room, and where patients could be let out to do garden and other work. . Mr. JOHNSTONE considered that the system of visiting justices for the asylums had not answered the purpose for which it was intended. Mr. BENT desired to know the number of patients in the asylums. He also condemned the different asylums in the colony as being undesirable for the purpose they were erected for. Dr. Robertson had said members of Parliament were in the habit of getting their friends appointed to situations in the asylums, and that had not been denied yet Mr. MACPHERSON could not tell the number of patients in each asylum, but the number of workers in each place depended upon the number of patients, and if the hon. member (Mr. Bent) looked at the small print at the foot of iii of estimates he would see the number of warders appointed to the particular asylums. As to the manner of appointment of persons to employment in the asylums, of course persons were appointed to all the departments of the state, more or less, on the recommendation of members of that House ; but no persons were permanently appointed to the asylums in opposition to the desires of the head of the department. The vote was then agreed to. The following items were passed Indus- trial and Reformatory Schools, £11,863 Ile. 10d.; Observatory, £1,094103.; Public Library, Museum, and National Gallery, £4,645. Mr. MACPHERSON, in reply to Mr. GARRATT, said the reason the Picture Gallery was not opened till noon was because a class of painting was held there which it was considered desirable should not be interrupted by the intrusion of the public, but if any visitor from the country visited the gallery and explained he could not attend again, he was allowed to view the pictures. Mr. WOODS trusted the Government would see the propriety of opening the Public Library and Museum on Sundays Since the time he brought this matter before the House he had informed himself of what was being done in Great Britain, and he could absolutely nBtoniBh hon. members if he told them of the advertisements he had seen of steamers leaving various ports and trains running to all parts of the country on Sun- days, to give the denizens of towns who were compelled to remain there the whole week some fresh air. He had seen that in the case of one public library which had been opened on Sundays there had been an increase of 40 percent, in the number of young men who attended it. What object was gained by closing our library on Sunday ? He supposed one objection was that it would cause some people to have to work. He had seen three times as many men in Collins-street waiting for fares of a Sunday morning to take the worshippers from the various churches home than it would take to work all the Victorian Railways. He could take hon. members to the North Melbourne cutting of a Sunday afternoon, and show them men clearing out the trucks to carry the sheep next day. He trusted the committee, before agreeing to this amount of money being expended, would say that it should not be granted unless the Public Library should be open to the public for a certain time on Sundays. It was said this would be against the law, but the law against drinking in public-houses on Sundays was openly violated every week. What object could there be in keeping the Public Library shut on Sunday ? If it were not wrong to read the books there on Monday, Surely it could not be wrong to do so on Sunday. He would ask whether the Chief Secretary even, whom he took to be a fair specimen of that portion of the community who had a superstitious reverence for the first day of the week, did not make use of his library on a Sunday ? Why, then, should he, because of had the property qualification to purchase a private library, have this privilege, and the public not also be allowed to use the library which was established for their benefit on Sundays? Why, on the only day on which 75 per cent, of the population had a chance of using that library should they be debarred from doing so? Mon could go in through the back doors of publichouses and get drink on Sundays, but they could not go into the Public Library, and have the opportunity of gaining useful information. It was notorious also, that all large centres of population attracted population, and hundreds of persons from the country came to Melbourne on Saturday and stopped to the Monday, and why should these persona-strangers in the desert of a city not be allowed to go to the Public Library, where they could find means of entertaining themselves? Those people would not go to hear Dr. Muggins or Dr. Smuggins on the Sunday, and their only resource was, therefore, to go to the publichouse. He could not see what earthly objection there could be to attaching to this vote at least a recommendation that this library should be open to the public at certain hours he did not care what hours were fixed on each Sunday. The money voted was the people's own money, and all they asked was that they should have an opportunity of enjoying the results of its expenditure on the only day on which the large majority of them had the opportunity of doing so. He trusted the Premier would accept the suggestion that there should be some recommendation of the kind he had stated attached to this vote. The plan could be tried at all events, for 12 months, and then if it were found not to have been properly appreciated, no one would be more willing to abolish the privilege than he (Mr. Woods) Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH would call the attention of the hon. member for Crowlands to a fact that he had apparently forgotten. This question of opening the Public Library on Sundays had been already discussed during the present session, and the House came to a decision on the question. (Mr. WOODS.-"By a majority of one.") No matter what the majority was the question was disposed of for the session, and it was only a waste of time to refer to it again, He might say himself that he believed the hon, member for Crowlands would have been far nearer attaining his own views on this subject if he had never brought the matter before Parliament at all, He trusted that the committee would not go into a really- cussion of this question at present. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LANGTON desired to draw attention to a matter in connexion with this vote, which was the cause of considerable inconvenience. At present this vote of £14,093 was vested in the library trustees under a number of details, and these details had to be made out separately in three different places in the Public Library, the Treasury, and the Audit office. He would ask the Premier whether before the Appropriation Act was passed it would not be possible to deal with the Public Library in this matter in the same way as the British Museum was dealt with, instead of including the whole of these details in the Appropriation Act, which entailed a great amount of trouble both on the officers of the trustees and of the Treasury and Audit office. He would point out that the committee of the Melbourne Hospital had entrusted to it a larger sum of money without conditions of this kind being considered necessary. He had found that the present system entailed a great deal of additional labour, not only on the Audit commissioners, but on all the officials of the institution. There were on the estimates amounts as high as £120,000 which were passed in a lump sum. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH was of opinion that there would be a considerable saving of labour if the suggestion were adopted, and he promised to give it careful consideration. Mr. WRIXON thought that some better provision should be made for those who went to the library to read and study. There were plenty who went there for nothing but to sleep, or loiter away an hour. He considered it would be well to adopt the same course as that followed in the British Museum, and separate the two classes. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH would call the attention of the trustees to the subject, but at the same time he pointed out that, in order to carry out the suggestion, additional accommodation would be required. Mr, WOODS desired to ask the Chairman of Committees whether he would be out of order in moving an amendment. The CHAIRMAN asked what would be the purport of the amendment ? Mr. WOODS said the effect of his amend-" ment would be that the Public Library should be opened on Sunday during suitable hours. The CHAIRMAN said that subject had already been dealt with during the present session, and could not, therefore, again be brought forward. Mr. WOODS contended that his previous motion was on imperative one, fixing certain hours for the opening of the buildings, while his present amendment would only DO a re. commendation that the place be opened, leavingittothetrustoestof-cthehours. There was not the least analogy between the two, and he therefore hoped he would be in order in testing the feeling of the House on the question. Mr. JOHNSTONE pointed out that the subject had been already twice discussed and decided by the House, and it would therefore only be a waste of time to reopen the matter. Mr. BENT said the only item he saw in the estimates for insurance was £350 for the Public Library. He would like to know from what vote the insurances on other public buildings were paid. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH explained that in the Public Works vote, there was on item of £4,600 for premiums. '"' '. Mr. SERVICE said he hoped the Government would very carefully consider the suggestion thrown out by the hon. member for West Melbourne (Mr. Langton), about i bringing the amount down in a lump sum. The suggestion was a novel one, and appeared as if it would deprive the House of its con- , trol over the vote. Major SMITH strongly objected to the adoption of such a course. Mr. M'KEAN considered that instead of paying such a large sum as £4,800 per annum to the various companies for insuring Government premises, it would be preferable to pay the amount into a sinking fund, and for the Government to become their own in. surers. (Hear, hear.) Mr. CREWS inquired whether the Government insured the property themselves or through an agent. If the latter, about £700 per annum was wasted on commissions. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH explained that the present system had been in operation for the last three years, but he did not think the Government lost anything, as the companies paid commission to an agent which they would not give to a principal. He pointed out, however, that this was not the vote under discussion. When the item came before the committee the whole subject could be discussed. The CHAIRMAN said that the hon. mern hey for Crowlands (Mr. Woods) had submitted an amendment to the effect that this item should be voted on condition that the Library be opened to the public on Sun- days within certain hours to be fixed by the trustees. This question had already been discussed and dealt with in the House during the present session, and he therefore considered the amendment out of order. Mr. WOODS thought that in voting money away no mere show of Parliamentary etiquette should prevent the committee from voting on the question. He contended that the amendment was totally different from the motion which he had placed on the no- tice-paper, and which had been dealt with by the House. Mr. LALOR considered that it was quite within Parliamentary law for the committee to attach certain conditions to a grant of money for a certain purpose. Mr. GILLIES considered that as the House had already decided that these institutions should not be open on Sundays, it was not in the power of the committee to attach such a condition to the vote. Mr. WRIXON suggested that as there must soon be another short session, the hon. member for Crowlands (Mr. Woods) should then give notice of his motion, and let it be discussed by the House. Mr. SERVICE pointed out that the hon. member would have an opportunity of test- ing the feeling of the House on another vote which would come before them in the course of a few minutes. He referred to the vote for the Zoological-gardens. Mr. WOODS again argued that the amendment was different from the motion already dealt with. One was an abstract resolution, and this was a money vote, to which it was desired to attach certain conditions. His object in moving the amendment was not to alter the amount of money, but the conditions of the vote. Mr. LALOR thought the head of the Government had intimated to one of his supporters that he would consider whether it was right to deprive hon. members of that House of the opportunity of considering the Estimates in detail Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH said such was not the case. The suggestion made by the hon. member for West Melbourne was that the items for the Public Library should be submitted to the committee, as heretofore, in detail, but he asked the Government to consider whether it would not be an advantage to put only the total amount in the Appropriation Act. He had said he would consider that suggestion, and when he had considered it and brought the matter before the HOUTO, that would be the time for the hon. member for South Grant to speak about it. Mr. LALOR wished to know whether the Government intended to bring down the Estimates in the Appropriation Act in 10 sums or in one! Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH. The suggestion only refers to the items of the Public Library. Mr. LALOR desired to know if the Chief Secretary would not alter the items in the ' Appropriation Act in one iota excepting those of the Public Library ? Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH would not say that. It was not the suggestion which had been put to him. Mr. WOODS, in order to test the question of opening the Public Library and museums on Sundays, moved that the amount of the vote be reduced by £1. Mr. GILLIES said the hon. member for Crowlands would not be doing justice to those who formerly supported him on the Sunday question if he persisted in his amendment, as many who voted with him formerly would not do so if the question were put in the form of the amendment proposed. Major SMITH also thought the hon, member for Crowlands would not be doing justice to himself, and those who formerly supported him, if he persisted in his amendment. Mr. SERVICE had intended to call the attention of the committee to the Sunday question, when the Zoological vote came before them. He intended then to propose that the vote should be struck out, because the gardens were opened on Sundays, and to do so with the view of showing the committee the utter absurdity of the course they were taking in insisting that the Public Library and gallery and museum should be closed on Sundays, while they allowed the Zoological-gardens to be open. Mr. GODFREY pointed out that Parliament had nothing whatever to do with the opening of the Zoological-gardens, or the Public Library either on Sundays, the matter being left with the trustees of the different institutions, as he considered it should be. Mr. WRIXON said the real point about the Sunday question was not so much the opening of the Public Library as whether there should be a Continental or an English Sabbath in this colony. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH said the hon. member for Crowlands would not be doing justice to his own views in pressing his amendment, but if he were determined to press it he hoped the committee would divide upon it at once. Mr. WOODS, in deference to the views expressed by other hon. members, withdrew is amendment. The item was then agreed to. The sum of £800. for the Government botanist was proposed, £100 having been already voted. Mr. BOSISTO thought the Government ought to place a greater sum on the Estimates so as to allow the Government botanist to carry out his duties properly. Mr. CONNOR thought the Government botanist should prepare some little work on botany, for use in the state schools of the colony. Mr. CAMPBELL believed, when the Government botanist finished his work on Australian plants, he would be able to compile a smaller book for the use of schools on the subject. He thought it would be a disgrace to allow any interference with the Government botanist by the director of the Botanic gardens, who, notwithstanding the reports which had been laid on the table of the House, he would undertake to show was neither a scientific nor a practical man. Notwithstanding the peculiarities of Baron von Mueller, they must all admit his scientific abilities, and they should not grudge him the, means to carry out this great work. Mr. MACKAY observed that this was the first time he had ever spoken in reference to Baron von Mueller, and he could say that he had received letters from gentlemen who stood very high in science in the other colonies, which were full of upbraiding at the manner in which Baron von Mueller, a man perhaps second to none in the world in his own particular department, had been treated by the Government NotwithStanding that he was a member of the Government who removed him from his former position, he thought to leave him without a single acre of ground in which he could carry out experiments of his own was a disgrace to Victoria He might not be a good landscape gardener, but for one man who was equal to Baron von Mueller they could find a thousand landscape gardeners. It was not intended that he should be left in his present position, in which he could not make anything like a proper use of his abilities, and he trusted the Government would see the necessity of making an alteration. Mr. M'KEAN said Baron von Mueller had only himself to thank for his present position. The Botanic-gardens were like a wilderness after he had had charge of them for years. The Baron was offered a portion to be specially set apart for his own purposes, the rest to be placed under the care of Mr. Ferguson, but he declined the arrangement. Mr. KERFERD said the hon. member had correctly stated the case, said that Baron von Mueller had proved himself such an intoler- able nuisance to a former Government that he had been offered the whole of his salary as a pension if he would retire, but he refused to do so 'He had spent £160 000 on the Botanic-gardens, and when left it it ,".;, , "." fair . , ".'.Vi'ii.it , - ? . .' was like a howling wilderness. He had been allowed to take liberties with members of the House in detailing his grievances which would not have been tolerated in any subordinate officer. The Government had offered to appoint him professor of botany at the Melbourne University, but they would not have him there, and he alone was responsible for any position which he might now occupy. Mr. MACDERMOTT said the mistake which had been made with regard to Baron von Mueller was that he had never been treated as a philosopher, but as a practical gardener, and they had never made also in- ance for the eccentricities of genius, which be possessed in a considerable degree. Re. garded as a practical man, he was entitled to nothing beyond the sum on the estimates, but if they regarded him as a scientific man, inferior to none in Europe in his own branch of science, he was probably entitled to more. He believed his complaint was that the sum of £300 was not sufficient to enable him to carry out the practical work of his department, and that he was obliged to pay out of his own salary persons to collect specimens. For this reason he would move an addition to the item, and that, in the opinion of this committee, the amount should be increased by £300. Mr. WOODS wanted to know who required this work for which Baron von Mueller was paid £800 a-year, the colony or Europe. The colony did not want any thing the Baron could do, but wanted a great deal that he could not give it. Mr. McKEAN asked, as a point of order, whether this vote could be increased as proposed. The CHAIRMAN said the committee could express an opinion as to whether the vote could be increased. Mr. WOODS continued to contend that, as far as this colony was concerned, we did not receive any value for the money voted to Baron von Mueller. If it was said that this money was for scientific pursuits, he could understand it, but what he wished to con- trovert was the idea that Victoria was receiving any return for this money. On purely scientific grounds he had nothing to say against the vote, but he would point out that at the present time extraordinary means were proposed to be used by taxation to raise additional revenue, and every item of expenditure was a matter for careful consideration. As to increasing the vote, he thought the proposition would receive no support whatever. He would support cutting it down to one half. Mr. MACPHERSON understood that this discussion had really only reference to next year, and he would before the next estimates were brought down take care to see that Baron von Mueller had sufficient funds placed at his disposal for the efficient carrying out of the work entrusted to him. Mr. MACDERMOTT said that under these circumstances he would withdraw his motion, Mr. HANNA trusted that the Government would see their way to laying this infernal ghost of Baron von Mueller, which turned up every year on the estimates in the most disagreeable form possible. (Ltughter.) Baron von Mueller might gain brass buttons and leather medals sufficient to fill a barrow, but he (Mr. Hanna) considered it an absolute robbery of the country to have such a man in the colony. The Government should pension him off, or get rid of him in some way or other. Mr. BOSISTO was astonished at the use of such language in regard to a gentleman of such high scientific attainments, and who was capable of performing such vast services to the colony as Baron von Mueller. He (Mr. Bosisto) asked what would this country be without geology or botany The resources of the colony would be utterly unknown but for the employment of geology and descriptive botany, and Baron von Mueller was of the utmost service from his scientific attain- ments and his capability of delineating the whole vegetation of the colony, and thus affording every information possible as to what industries were suitable to the country. It was perfectly astounding he considered to hear it recommended that such a gentleman should be paid off and sent about his business. Mr. MIRAMS said the question was whether another gentleman could not be obtained who would give the colony more value for the money than Baron von Mueller did, and the Government should, before the next estimates were prepared, take that point into consideration. Mr. BENT considered that the Botanic gardens had not in any way been improved in their management since Baron von Mueller was removed from having charge of them. He thought, however, that the services of Baron von Mueller should be utilised on behalf of the colony. There was an immense expenditure on the gardens and reserves about Melbourne, and he was quite sure that if the work were contracted for by some competent person they could be maintained in good order for one-half the money. Mr. LALOR inquired whether the baron had applied for an increase of salary ? Mr. MACPHERSON said he had applied for an increased amount. The vote was then agreed to, as were also the following items Government short- hand writer's department, £718 6s. 8d.; Hansard, £450. On the [item of £952 for the agent-general Mr. MACBAIN inquired of the Treasurer what instructions had been given to the agent-general relative to circulating information respecting Victoria throughout Great Britain. It was generally understood that one of his principal duties was to circulate such information as would induce people to emigrate to this colony. When he was in England last year he noticed that the most important telegram about Victoria was one in The Times, dated July 10, as follows: -"It is unusually cold here." He had received a letter from England by the mail in which the following passage occurred: I have been travelling over the greater portion of England and Scotland, and have never seen any notice, either in the papers or by placards, relative to Victoria ; while in different parts of the country I have seen both in newspapers and by placards, a great deal of information about Queensland and New Zealand." He thought the agent-general should circulate this information, and if some thousands of copies of a little work entitled Homes and Homesteads were distributed, they would make known the resources of the colony. The subject was one of such great importance that he considered the Government should state what they intended doing towards making known the resources of Victoria, as was done by other colonies, and induce emigrants to come out here. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH pointed out that the agent-general was in a different position to the agent-general of other colonies, who had money of their disposal for emigration purposes. He (Sir James M'Culloch) had, however, made arrangements to have a cheaper edition of Mr. Hayter's Year Book prepared for distribution (hear, hear-and also a large number of copies of the work prepared by the Rev. James Ballantyne, Homes and Homesteads in the Land of Plenty. (Hear, hear ) Mr. McLEAN said that the Treasurer had not explained what were the duties of the agent-general, but he could inform hon. members of some his duties. He had purchased the carpets for Government-house Mr. MACPHERSON.-" That is not true" and had also purchased a large quantity of inferior water-pipes, which had to be sold to the South Melbourne Gas Company at a considerable rebate, so that there had been a great loss on the transaction. Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH said there would be no loss, Of the amount had been recovered from the contractors, Mr. M'KEAN was glad to hear that. He did not think the duties of the agent- general were fully defined. Mr. MIRAMS said that as we were not spending money on immigration now, every inducement should be given to bring the advantages of the colony before the people at a home. He suggested that the best way to do í that would be not only to send the books referred to to the agent-general, but also to each newspaper in Great Britain, and to have them advertised in various newspapers there. Mr. LANGRIDGE stated "that he had been told that the agents of other colonies brought the advantages of their colonies constantly before the people at home, but that no one did so on behalf of this colony. The item was agreed to, as was also £2,181 3s. 4d. for the Audit Office, and £3,000 for scab prevention and diseases in stock. The sum of £1,615 was proposed for the aborigines. Mr. INGLIS stated that he had visited the Coranderrk aboriginal station, under the management of Mr. Green, and of another prison, and he had noticed the very great improvement which took place after Mr. Green was relieved of the charge of the station. He had heard Mr. Green was likely to have the management of the station again; and he thought that would be very undesir- able. The gentleman under whom the improvement took place had also been removed from the management, he believed, through the blacks writing to some persons in town, and he thought they should not be allowed to write in that manner without the permission of the gentleman who was over them. Mr. KING said some friends of his who had visited this station lately had told him that the blacks were much discontented at white labourers having been sent up to pick the hops this year, which last year had been done by themselves. They also complained that they had had no school for about two years, and that church service was held very seldom. Mr. GODFREY remarked that he had been vice-chairman of! the Aboriginal Board for the last few months, and so know a little about this matter. It was not correct that the blacks picked the hops at Coranderrk last year, for they were then laid up with the measles. The crops had increased this year, but the number of blacks had become smaller, and so it had been thought desirable that a small number of boys from one of the training schools in Melbourne should be sent up to help to get the hops in. Neither was it correct that there had been no school for two years, the gentleman referred to by Mr. Inglis having acted as schoolmaster for some time, but as he was interfered with by two other officers be left. It was too much the custom for persons to go to Coranderrk and listen to what the blacks said, who were not the children of innocence that some thought; and he might mention that the effect of the interview which they had had with the Chief Secretary in that house last week was that the inspector who had just been appointed had resigned, as he thought it would be most difficult to manage them now. Mr. JOHNSTONE thought if the deputation of blacks was correctly reported they had just as much right to appeal to the Chief Secretary as anyone else. The item was passed, and also a further sum of £8,960 for grants. " Progress was then reported, and the committee obtained leave to sit again next day. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 20 minutes past 11 o'clock till next day at the usual hour. 