? RITEB NEWS.—The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned on July 21, at 10 a.m. :— Wentworth, Darling, falling. Bourke, Darling, 13 feet, stationary. Brewarrina, Darling, 12 feet, rising slowly. Euston, Murray, 6 feet, stationary. Balranald, Murtumbidgee, low. Hay, Murrumbidgee, low. Wagga Wagga, Murrumbidgee, low. Walgett, junction of Namoi and Bar WOE, 17 ft., rising. Walgett, Namoi, rising quickly. Walgett, Barwon, 17 feet, rising. POET WAKEFIELD RAILWAY.—On Thursday, July 13, the long- looked-for locomotive with passenger train from Hoyleton was brought to a stand-still at the Port terminus, thus terminating (the local Timei remarks) the exouses that the tramway hitherto is not in sufficient repair to accommodate goods and passenger trains. The officials and others connected with the managing department were cordially received and " banqueted" in the nsual Port style. Mr. J; S. Anthony, J.P., ably filled the chair, and $fcte usual loyal toasts were drunk and responded to. As -many as six vessels and two steamers happened to be loading in the port at the tia&t; and these with all their bunting out made a show that evidently surprised the strangers that were in the town. THE RABBIT NUISANCE.—At a meating. held at Eudunda on Monday, July 17, to discuss jthe rabbit nuieanee, Mr. D. Moody stated that in wheat alone the losses he had sustained fttH&e; ravages of rabbits amounted to betjr<?Sh £2,000 and £3,O0G» ~ " : IKE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION. ".—A. special meeting of the Council of the South Australian Rifle Association has been convened for this evening, at the Prince Alfred Hotel, at half-past 7, to consider the question of prize medals, and matters connected with the annual meeting to be held shortly. COMMERCIAL BOOT FACTORY.—A meetiDg of the shareholders of this Company is to be held this evening in the Town Hall Exchange Room. The balance-sheet of the Company shows a surplus of £454 3s., but this includes overdue calls to the extent of £450. EIGHT HOUBS DEMONSTRATION.—A general meeting of the Committee has been called to J r this evening, at the Bristol Tavern, Franklin- . street, on important business. PHSTBIDGE ARISTOCRACY.—T^r? is WI e'qufte k littio f9*&Mnity; of Sank defaulters n Pentridge. Ifctaly all of them are young men of respectable parentage and of quite uperior education. When the civil servants who have embezzled or otherwise made away with public moneys entrusted to them are thrown in with the Bank defaulting gentleman, get the crime de la crime of Pentridge society, and quite an interesting company of refined prisoners. They have moved in the best society; have been fast and fashionable men; have lived well, dressed well, and have soared aloft into those regions known as the highest circles," for a period of time long or sbort as the case may be. Often long enough; often short enough—always bright and dazzling enough. But now the day of "pleasure" is over, and the terrible day of reckoning has come and gone, and the result is the silence, and the gloom, and the horrors, and terrors of a prison life. Strange to say, every one of these defaulters meant well. Every one of them meant integrity, meant honesty, meant to do well, and to keep doing well They a'l tell us so, and we believe them, for we know they are speaking the truth. " Steal V No, they never dreamed of taking that which did not belone to them. They "borrowed a small sum at first," intending to put it back to-morrow,or the day after." They wanted the " accommodation" to pay a small bet, or certain losses in gambling, or to buy mining shares which were to result in a fortune. The loan never was enquired into—never was missed, or its existence suspected—and so, of course, other "loans" were taken to pay more bets, to square greater losses, to purchase more mining shares " sure to turn out well." By-and-by came the forging of the signature to the cheque, which led to discovery—often, indeed almost always, accidental. If young men would shun betting and gambling, and if the Bank authorities would adopt a more complete system of checks and counterchec cs. there would be very few Drapers, O'Ferrals, or Sawells in comparison with the number there are.—i 5 . C. Chronicle. M b INQUEST ON THE LATE MRS. GILTHORPE — Mr. J. M. Solomon, J. P., will hold an enquiry at tbe Adelaide Hospital this morning into the cause of the death of Mrs. Gilthorpe, who it will be remembered threw herself from the balcony of Shakespeare's Hotel, Adelaide, some time'a^o. It then appeared that she had just returned from a trip -to England, during which her liasband was rendered a cripple by an accident. She was greatly depressed about that calamity, and blamed herself, as it was at her wish the voyage was undertaken. Although no danger was, apprehended, yet one morning while at breakfast she rushed from the room and committed the raBh act just mentioned before her helpless husband could get aid to stop her. She was taken to the Adelaide Hospital, where it was found that serious injuries had been smtaiaed, , from which she has after a lingering illaess diei STEAMER GLFNEUG FOR SYDNEY.—Intending pasiciigcrE are rfquetteo to take notice that the Efcjiwer will leave at daylight on Tuesday, and that they must embark the previous evening. THE RAINFALL.—The fallowing are the quantities of rain recorded At the places mentioned for the 24 hours ending on Friday, July 21, at 9 a.m.:— Adelaide 0*020 j Tanunda 0 050 Melrose 0*0201 liawler 0-050 Georgetown ... 0-020'| Mouni Barker... 015) Clare 0-068 Robe 0030 Kapunda ... 0 059 J Mount Pleasant. 0*110 For TBALL.—We are desired to call attention to the football match, advertised to take place te-morrow afternoon, on the Adelaide Grounds, between the Adelaide, and Woodville Club*, unner the new code of rules adopted at "the meeting of Clubs on Thursday eveniag. The Concordia Band has been engaged, and the game is likely to prove attractive, as two good teams have been selected to play. The following are the names of the players:— Adelaide—E. W. Aldridge, A. E. Ayera, A. L. Giles, Twopeny, Calf, Conurrave, C. Morphett Scott, Bleechmore, Colley, Spic&r;, Dalton, Perkins, Hughes (2), Ponder, Sanded, Wright, Watson, Gall, Burnet, and Bagot; Woodville— Annells, Austin, Bickers, J. Clark, Doran, Dempster, Formby, Letchford, Osborne, Reeves, Sandland, Terrell (3), Mannering, Quin, Ferguson, and lines. A match will be played on the same afternoon on the Kensington Park Oval between the Kensington and South Adelaide Clubs. A GHOST STORY.—The Kapunda Herald is responsible for the following: — "Haunted houses and ghost stories usually^ belong to old countries, and indeed the exercise of common Eense has served to cause such superstitious fancies to be exploded there. There has, however, unfortunately been prevalent in Kapanda for the last week or two a ghost story arising out of the malicious action of some person who no dov:bt conceives he is playing a brilliant part when be succeeds in frightening women, or children. For some time past those whose business, &c.;, has led them to pass by the dam after dark have been occasionally startled by the figure of a person enveloped in white passing within eight, and as Mr. Richards was drowned some years ago at the dam this figure was soon set down as his ghost. Mrs. W. Tuckfie'd, amongst others, wasgreatlyfrightehed by such an appearance early on Saturdayevening s she was co ming into the main street. When he was ne^ar the mill office the figure in white rose up out of the,new culvert, crossed the road, and entered the -plantation. This occurrence gave Mrs. Tuokfield a very severe shock, and in addition to those who have been frightened by seeing it, numbers of children have been greatly frightened by hearing exaggerated accounts of it. The police spent one or two nights in the neighbourhood, watching for this would-bethought ghostly visitant; but we presume his ghostship cannot bear to be near the gentlemen in blue. Practical joking of almost any kind is objectionable, and this is both senseless and higfr'y dangerous. A shock might in this way be instantaneously iL dieted on persons of nervous temperament the evil results of which would be tyt'elong in duration. We understand that efforts are being made to catch this senseless joker, 4ud if, as we trust will be cise, these are successful, we hope hi$ captors will e^ve hiu a good sous g n the dirtiest part of th9 dam, and a gocd hiding into the bavgain. We should be the last to advosate an illegal assault on any person, but as this person wishes to be taken for a g'aost he should receive ghostly treatment, and the water test would effectually settle the question as to the spiritual or material "nature of tku nocturnal visitant. If he bekegs to the former order it won't hurt him; if to the latter h? folly deserves all the ir jury he may receive." DHATH FB.OM LEAPIHG OVER A BALCONY.—An irquest into the circumstances attending the death of Mrs. Elizabeth Carringtou Gilthorpe, aged 62, who difd at the Hospital on July 20, vas held by Mr. J. M. Solomon, J.P., at the Hrspital, on Friday morning, July 21. The evidence showed that on the morning of the 2nd May last deceased, who was staying with her husband at the Temperance Hotel, Northterrace, suddenly rushed out of her bedroom s and sprang over the balcony to the ground , below, — a distance « „ of some 20 on feet. She was conveyed to the Hopsltal, where she expired on Thursday morning. July 20, from oxhaustion caused by a bed sore. Without retiring, the Jury returned a verdict " that tho deceased, on May 2nd last, whilst labouring under a fit of temporary insanity, threw herself over the balcony of the Temperance Hotel, and death resulted thereby," from the iejuries sustained « JUNE LAM> SAIES.-—The return of lands sold during the month of June has at length made its appearance. The total area selected reached 63,903 acres, for which the amount of purchase-monfey, exclusive of the cost of improvements, was £73,890 12s. Id., being a trifle oyer £1 3s. per acre. This includes both cash and credit sales; the former amounting to 1,605 acres and £3,753 14s. Td., and the latter 62,298 acres and £70,136 17s. 6d. The total payments received at the Treasury on account of land during the month were £19,299 8s. lOd. Of this £10,768 Is. 7d. was obtained from the cash sales and from the interest deposits; while the balance is made up by completion of purchase of 4,293 acres under Act 14 of 18C8-9 by payment of half purchase- ? oney under clause 22 of Act 18 of 1872, y second instalment of interest, and by extensions of credit. Tiis selections; in , newly-opened country lands, which amounted to 60,977 acres, were chiefly in the hundreds of Baldina, Dalhoufeie, Morgan, Pinda, Dalkey, and Willochra. MECHANICAL DRAWING. — The proposed evening classes for instruction in mechanical drawing, under the auspices of the Chamber of Manufactures, were inaugurated at the Training School in Grote-street on Thursday evening, July 20, by an address from Mr. Rowland Re is, C.K, M.P., on "Technical Education-" T-ie chair was taken by Professor Lamb, M.A-, of the Adelaide University, and there were abo it 250 people present, including a large number of intending students. Among those present we - e the Hon. W. Sandover, M.L.C., Mr. T. Johnson, M.P., Mr. A. F. Lindsay, M.P., Mr. C. Peacock, J.P. (Mayor of Adelaide), Councillors Conigrave and Madge, and Messrs J. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc., Horwood, S. V. Pizey, J. Duncan, W. H. Gray, G. Madley, J. J. Green, J. MacDonald, E. Sawteil, and D. Gall. The Chairman opened the proceedings with an eloquent address, illustrating the necessity for technical education, and Mr. Rees then delivered his address. The address dealt with the subject in all its branches, and secured an attentive audience from its commencement to its close. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was carried with acclamation on the motion of Mr. Hartley, seconded by Mr. Pizey. The Mayor of Adelaide then moveij—"That this meeting commends to the earnest eo-operation and the active sympathy of employers and employes the class for mechanical drawing established by the Chamber of Manufactures." The Hon. W. Sandover seconded the motion, which was unanimously carried, and the proceedings terminated with a hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman. At the conclusion of the meeting 65 of those present enrolled themselves as members of the evening classes. A RELIGIOUS MANIAC.—At an inquest held by Mr. W. R. Wigley, J.P., at Glenelg, on Thursday night, July 20, on the body of J^rs. Louiee Tyley, whe was found drowned on the beach that morning, the evidence disclosed that the deceased had been subject for the past 12 • years to a religious mania. She was a Swedenborgian, and said she held converse with spirits. Her latest known belief was that the human race was under a cross, which required a human life to redeem it. Her peculiar views were; tbe cause of a separation from her husband, who had not lived with his wife for two jears previous to her death. Her relatives thought her harmless, and therefore took no precautionary measure?, for in other things she was perfectly sane. The Jury returned a veraict to tho effect that the deceased was found drowned, and thit they believed she suffered from a rcligiou? 