I £NTCHTA<II MEMTS. | !? ' i -? I ! <ni ii' r I I ? -i; ; h , THBIHBATREftfta I bite Men taken to taelc varfoualy tot ^t«Ubi8 Mi8.-6coK-Sildoiui toomuch, ana Tui huff" iliiim lirr rniTTiflfrniltT I thosfind ttterefcife very different ettfmateB of beij mm*. :By one section of tf**fete-goert ehe fe regatded as faultiefSf-by farther M »U finite, Bqt another pad smaller .section, of wluch l obimtoW^ Ww the safer and, ( M l think, the mcnixeeidBable ground, of .giving her credit fa ¥ gfettdeal of ability^ at m certain kind, aadof reserving to them-: aelve* the: right to point oat herimperfec-1 tioat, - I think an Impartial oonaa'deratinn of Mis. Scott-Biddoii^oan h&r;^ly xeanit in »' oonclaeionoKher flianthat she baa so toe natuxal talentof a highland, but not of the kind whichis thehigheet. Of that mora exalted power which we hove agreed to call genius I discover no traoes. For you may! have refinement, delicacy, intelligence, mental culture, and great technical skill, without even a hint of inspiration. It is not to say that genius is independent of art, seetag that all art, in its compieteneee, is the product of genius. Bat jut as yon may bare wizen forms of perfect; moald andoolour without life, so may you! have irreproachable acting without ferae Seeling. SCn.Sebtt-Siddons' highly finished; act inft 1s4M$ood in imitation of natural aoUngHeever I nt, but, for my own part, I nevgwlfr tobeooMdom that, aftte all,! it isbut wf Imitation. The figure moves ael if ft1ived/batyon!hear np sound of breath*; fag, yota peweire no warmth of vitality. $be j pawrion Is regulated. the vivacity is me Mured out with a nice attention to the quantity required, ErerytMng is ^ttfaf «nd be coming, and careftlly adjusted. and kepi within bounds aid done With i sort of felegantdeoorua. It would be wtong to . *ay, it '. was stiff, or atigiilaiv ;dr! ig-yropo«h»ed, ot iiotflhaptiy, tit inex. iiwaN in tnannet. The jtyp&MiMb; the vofo0/tawk$ dt the art, are «tudbudy bb-: T^rred. Her Juliette a fasWonaWeJuliet' *«* diftuifb your netted for/tip;; Tfcto la nothing*kItldo^OT^obrtlnon^^r! vefcttsint; or emphatlo, orwilfal. It ie| emAoih aadweUnfrpointed, and aelf- poe MfM&wdundemonatrativelyconfident;, ft ttn|«scMs ytra ttonquB satisfabtion. Itie Uke t'weD-oookea £iijfai >wh!cb, While reaaon. ably pleasing the palate, ban no a{""j'f racteiistic flavour. Or yon may U^tto a a disb, the dressing of which ib the bwt portion. Or, to continue fi^tr®'no r^oh. pleasant and pretty confection with e ^ neaa or Bweetness. Or, to chang , . h it is a small hot.house fliwer whicn, although, perhaps, o! some r®rit^'d ^Tutifal not favourably with a grandan rose beneath the open sky, and ros^endent y gemmed with summer-morning dewdropfc yon see, we must estimate acting by c parison. as, in fact, we estimate most other things. If I had never seen any otM Juliet, and never pictured m my an ideal. Juliet, I might have been J^°.r. than satisfied with that of Mrs. Scott Siddons. If you had never seen diamontw, you might be well content to wear opals. And indeed opalB are very good wear; much better than flaring glass, or Bham pearls, or paste-diamonds. Then, too, among gems, there is the question of size, and Mrs. Scott-Siddona is not the smallest of these gems. She is sufficiently of valne not only not to be passed by without notice, but to excite a very favourable regard. And thus, I think, I have dealt with her. I have tried to discover all her good ness, and I have not been blind to her den* cienciea. Those who look at Mrs. Scott* j Siddons through the powerful lens of a strong | preference, will be dissatisfied with my esti mate of her. Those who have Been her through the coloured medium of prejudice, will wonder why I have been'able to like her so much. It is but a poor platitude to Bay it is not possible to please all tastes. Never theless, I can but repeat the platitude. I wish I could have ascended to the altitude of rapture in of. her. It would have been much , more satisfactory to me. The fact remains that I have not _ been able to fed more than a tranquil kind of content, varied by some occasional warmth of admiration, and some chills of dis satisfaction; I shall be glad if, in the parts she has yet $o play, I may discover better reason for unmixed pleasure. Of this, however, I am glad with an unqualified gladness, that the public have, in connexion with Mrs. ScotWSiddonB' performances, shown b strong liking for Shakspeare, and, in so far, have given a practical denial to the oft repeated assertion that Shakspeare is ob solete, The truth is, Shakspeare. is so far from being obsolete, that the public decline to give (heir countenance to Shakspearian perform an cesunless they are done fair justioe to. It ia because they respect and revere Shakspeare that they dislike to see him ill treated, and so whenever a Shakspearian play is well played, tbey will go to see it. _ '. Fritz" has held his own again very well at the opewhouse, and although it has been determined to give hhnareet for the present, and to replace him with a relative, " Fritz " iseuie tooome again. As a play " Jon" is .aid.to be better than " Frit*," and to be this it does not need tpbeayery^oodcl^y* Speak-; fcgnow (Friday) o% the iutuwenabeforelaat night, which oaunot here be recorded, it wttindudesome odd items. Asthus, bag :pip«e-with aGemen Hast, of course; Irish songs, similarly Teutooised; and I am not clear if there will not be a Melbourne cab driver with the accent of the ffadefond. At St George's Hall the Fakir has had good; attendanoes during the week.' Bis ghost, bueoneM ldl'tieen exhibited in Connexion with another of lie: 6teroet Welch's clever dramiettas, inwhifch the trabsgreedona of a1 baker are amnMnjJy eetforth. The perfonaanoft on Tueeday night at the Athen^iun by members of the University, in aid of a fund to clear off liabilities incurred, M l have B^nal ^oes irtatM, by the com mittee of the Athletib Clnbt was, in point of merit, of a mixed sort The instrumental part of the musical portion wae admirable. 1ft was worthy of more than oommon praiwv The wwal'pert of it, hofeVer, is to be com. mended with a ,good deal of qualification, itfce oomedyof * "Spankfng Leeacy" was leseribed in the bills as "a sparkling comedy." In justice' to the author, I will at onoe oonpede the point/ and adttitthat it la sparkling, or that U has been , found to be sparkling, under other circumstances. I will bope that the audienoe tn night found it sparkling. I wffl even omfess that not to have peza^stdus sparkle is en eri idenoe of' obtusenses, ct biliousness, or what us<d;tobecelled "spleen." And yet; ahall l oonfass It, there waa at least one person in the audienoe who oould not recog nise the sparkle. The question remains, was the blame ofthis inability to be laid upon the author, orthe actors! Let the question remain for consideration. But besides the' innate and the acting, there was aome soenery. ^Che name of the artist waa not mentioned in the bills, and this I tain to be ajpave omission, for he was not.an artist of ?ihe ordfoary sort. With a noble ncorn of traditional rules, he had declined to allow himself to be embarrassed by restrictions of ; perspective, or light and shade. He jgdnted, in fact, after the Assyrian, or; the Egyptian, or the early Greek, or, let us s^y, the Chinese method. 'Hogarth onoe' printed a picture illustrating the toiethodsadopted by aome artiste, to whom ;penqpe<stivawas<ai]ya.kindof clog,andthe artist wto had painted the scenery for the members of the.University emateurs,cleadj disliked this dog, and ao bad etruckout a method which waa a good deal above per spective. Afterall, you know, perspective mey be onlyaMndof irt superstition, and Melbourne University people ought to be above superstition.' > I trustthetesifits of this performanoe we^e auoh as to make for ever easy In > their rolndsthe gentlemen who rendered tbern^ "Iwflji for the payment of > ftie uoney, ^hloh,lsHte ell, leather, did no sood 40 the Atbletio Club. Tto hfcUwai5>tf!S -but peruaps, the night being wet, some who -took tickets did nototo them. And Apropos of the andienoe . lt is not often one eeee so! electa one. You may talkas you will about and baterait/, but I have no tatton » declaring Jfte' WrihiaSLT: people. I prefer to be >neta' tWT? take batta, who -4hanfeVtheU lij^ ,®° queoUf, who have la leaning fot Jook^ mi! and Millefleur, andwhohave * 221 prejudice in fftvourjrf (E«)gUah ThuB, theD,T likeijuoU vi andienoeaa^f: the Athen astim on Tuesday bight. rSSer bad more of them. n' -? ussr*?* Mrs. Alfred Phillipsaied last S&ttift; night She has followed Kbgera, aadiT^ bert.and Charles Young, and her plaoeju' ?heir places, Ml not.likely to be fiiled w She was, when In her prime, the beftoiin ; her line. She was the. fineit " old w&Ji; I who ever trod the Melbounreetage. ^ beenaead thing of latito see her in her cadence, bat it will always be a jltei thing to think ot, hei in iwr, l»8t fcT Her Sirs. Candour, MM. Alalaprop, Green, Lady iTranklyn, Mri fiuHcuu MietreBB Quickly, and a long fe u other- characters thai she played such aperfectJeesV will for evet ... in the recollection of Melboarna thJT goers. Noone ev$r more thoroughly stood her art thaii she dtd.andho^rie *L more conadentioualy prettified it. \ for th« sake of her gteat reputatioa :iSj the lame she achieved, tbat her latter^ had been brighter .daysthanl feartheywi, I wish, for the aake of fche stage, young actresses would emulate her in tta artistic care with which ahe applied her " to the BtodJ-of -the characters she go cally represented. I fete theschooH^igj, ahewa6Bo:able * membetia pasting»mtj, and I do not think the one which is to 40* after it will so worthily support the i the drama and the true interestaolthe'gW ; TAHTF^ I 