VICTORIAN SPORITNG TOPICS. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] It is impossible to say that racing in Victoria is languishing or falling into decay with the following statistics staring us in the face. On the Flemington grounds there are no less than 140 hones in training, and 80 in Albert Park, not including several big strings in both private and publio establishments beyond our home circle range, such as J. Wilson's, at St. Albans, Lang's, now at Brighton, Mr. G. B. Fisher's, in charge of Morrison, at Williamstown, Messrs. Chirnside, at Point Cook, which of course' does not include several studs at Bal larat, Bendigo, and many other country places too numerous to mention. It is numerous studs that assist to make up the grand total of entrie&just; made for our Bpring meet* ing, and which in round numbers show 697 items. It is not to be supposed that there are 697 horses, because that would embrace every racehorse in the colony of all ages, but it shows that there must be a great number in work to supply such a nomination as that sent in to the Victoria Racing Club during the past week. Tour readers have heard, no doubt, a great deal about our Derby, and the many sensations attaching to it. First of all, New minster was taken ill early in August, then he got * little better, then worse again, and as his con stitutional barometer rose or fell so did his price fluctuate in the betting market. A few over sanguine bookmakers took liberties with him and overlaid, for which they will have to pay the piper should he win, though the ring, as a rule, have not over-reached their resources if they have discretion. Should he win the Derby it will cost them about £30,000, which will probably be met without one single default. It does not pay a bookmaker to break and not pay. The incomes from a steady business are known to be good, and if one of the magic circle gets cleaned out he pays and says nothing about it, inwardly resolving to adhere more closely to figures in the future, or at anyrate until he has recouped his exchequer again. A far greater misfortune than Newminster's was the loss of the horses on board the City of Melbourne, which included the now defunct Sovereign and the unfortunate Chrysolite colt, for one is dead and the other Worthier for present purposes, which robs the race of two oi its most important nnriflatw. Thus Newminster loses two of his most dangerous opponents, which of courae im proves hia chance, and makes victory a little leas uncertain. That there was no foul play connected with the accident to Newminßter in the shoeing forge is well known, but the presence of antimony in his urine is beyond doubt; and when one or two suspicious lads were turned out of the stable the colt began to mend, continued to improve, took his usual place in the gallops, and fell again into the regular syßtem of work which he had been accustomed to take prior to his accident. The latest bulletin says he never was better, and his trainer, who is no mean judge, de clares that he will win the Derby iv a canter. Opposed to his chance is Tocal, and believe me he is no mean horse, and no unworthy candidate. A colt that can run his mile and a-half in 2 mm. 43$ sec., which he did do, less a head, in the Sydney Derby, must not be held too cheap; and as nothing at Flemington is doing better than he, it will be wiser to estimate his chance on his merits, and not by prejudice or predetermined opinion. Newminster should, and probably will, beat him, but not easily, and should his trainer make the slighest error in the estimate of his condition, he will very likely suffer a defeat that will rather astonish them. Still the chances are in his favor, and he ought to win. Besides Tocal, the field will comprise El Moro, Volo, Napoleon, Presumption, the Luna colt, and King Winter, all fine, upstanding, well-bred colts and in excellent condition, but on performances they do not come up to the standard of excellence that must be conceded to Tocal and Newminster. It is pleasing however to know that the field is not going to be frightened out of all propriety by the formidable presence of thtte two cracks. The latest betting is 1000 to 900 against Newminster offered, 400 to 100 against Tocal, and 1000 to 100 any other, which means El Moro, Napoleon, and the Luna colt, for the others are to be had at easier prices. After the forty-two horses accepted for the Melbourne Cup, the best are Imperial, Valentia, Feu d'Artifice, and Irish Stew ; while Timothy, Sultan, Kismet, and Torchlight may be said to be occupying the dangerous cross-benches. As regards the first-named, Imperial, he is an aged horse, with 8 st. 10 lbs. possessing alarming pace, together with staying powers. He is one of those good horses that may be styled out of nothing. When he won the Sydney Gold Cup he was carrying 7 st. 9 lbs., and ran the race in 8 mm. 36 sec. He is a better horse to-day than he was on that occasion. Last autumn, with 8 st. 3 lbs., he ran second to Richmond, 7 st 13 lbs., whom he went to serve, in the Australian Cup, beatiag Feu d'Artifice, 6 st. 11 lbs., the two miles and a quarter being run in 4 mm. 2J sec. Had Im perial gone on independent tactics, there is no certainty that Richmond would have won. After the race his rider said he could have won at any part of the race, and the jockey on Feu d'Artifioe was sanguine that he could have landed the stake at two miles, which is worth while remembering, as they are no wider apart now than one pound will place them, and where one finishes the other ought to be, and my opinion is that this will come to pass, and that the pair will be in the front rank at the finish. As yet Imperial has never been mentioned in the market, but he will oome with a rattle before the day. The stable have backed Feu d'Artifice to win over £15,000, and the publio hold her for another £10,000. She is reported to be as well as horse can be, and of course she has given her friends a great trial or they would never have piled the money on her; and if she is better than Rapid Bay and Briseis they are quite justified in following her fortunes, for Rapid Bay is the fastest horse in the land up to a mile and a-half, and Briseis showed what a miler she was at the last Sydney Autumn Meet ing. Next, taking Valentia, 7 st. 7 lbs., and Irish Stew, 6 st. 8 lbs., the one ran second to Sunlight at Hawkesbury, and to 3 mm. 34 sec, whereas Irish Stew, with 7 st. 8 lbs., a pound more than Valentia carried, was third in the Metropolitan to 3 mm. 33£ sec. Therefore, both horses must be up to their ears in this Cup, for it would bring them to about 3 mm. 85 sec. Then, as to which is the best of this pair, we cannot close our eyes to the fact of Irish Stew having a stone the best of the weights. This is in some measure balanced by two circumstances: a boy cannot ride him, so in order to procure an efficient jockey they will have to put up 7 st.; secondly, he is a fretful, fidgetty, funky animal, as all the Ladykirks unfortunately are ; so with all the advantage of weight he may run himself out before the race is over. Now, Valentia is a much higher class horse. To commence with, he is an admitted stayer, while his pace was proved in both his Derby and Leger, and moro recently in the Craven Plate, run in Sydney, where he and the Valetta colt cantered together until they got to the four fur long post, then away they rattled, th« feat being a dead heat. Whether the Valetta was fit or not is shown by the way he won the Epsom Handicap and ran in a subsequent race. Therefore, it shows Valentia to be a brilliant horse, and at 7 lbs. is to be preferred to Irish Stew, being decidedly a more trusty animaL Another very strong fact pleads much for Valentia's chance in the Cup. It is that he was never properly prepared for the late Randwick meeting. He ran his races in simply fair condi tion, his trainer preferring to risk defeat there to jeopardising his chance for the Cup, therefore he may be expected to Btrip a much better horse at the forthcoming meeting at Flemington. Touching Sultan, there can be no two opinions about his pace, when with 7.13 he ran right 'away from Wollomai, 8.13, for the Midsummer Handicap, covering the mile and three- quarters in 3 mm. 7 sec., and those who saw the race, will agree with me that he could have travelled the other quarter at a very fast rate. Sultan is marvellously well and a fine horse, and had he 7 lbs. less on his back, this race might be booked to him ; as it is, he has to concede a great deal of weight to some remarkable good and well-in horses. Timothy, 7 <nY, is a racehorse none will gaino^y, Some three months ago he. threw out curb, and had to be eased in hia work ; he is coming oat very rapidly now, and being a game determined hone, must always be admitted dangerous when quite welL Kismet has arrived, and it is said that George Thompson will ride her about 6 at. 12 lbs., he preferring to oarryafewpoundsover weight to entrusting her to a boy. She is said to go better with Thompson than with anyone else, so they are quite right to put Thompson up. When training at MaitJaud, about August last, she was tried to be better than Sunlight; and when the latter beat Valentia at Hawkea bury, they thought they had a certainly in Kismet for the Cup. She had, however, been thrown off in mean time, and being a fractious, irritable mare, may not come on again ho readily as they could wish. Sunlight could win this cup with 8 st. or more, no one doubts, then Kis met must be held to be a remarkably dangerouß mare with 6 st. 10 lbs. or 12 lbs. Torchlight is a fine upstanding five-year- old, with 6 at. 8 lbs., and in admirable condition. He has gone through a most satisfactory preparation, and v one of those hones bound to give an account of himself. A fine long commanding Btride is ull in his favor, but he bores a great deal, whioh will tire a lad, so that he may be unfortunate enough to run himaolf out before he completes the distance. It took £15,000 before Sterling moved from 100 to 2 to 5 last week, and it was not until a similar amount had been taken about Venus that she got as high up in the betting as 100 to 4 freely offered. Sterling has to arrive, but the bulletins that preceded him say he is really himself once more. The Victorian people however have caught bo hot over the horses in this stable—to wit, Sterling at Hawkesbury, and Wrangler in Metro politan—that they are rather shy of iuvesting in Ivory just now, and as Sterling has some real good horses to meet they are not so wrapt in his chance as they once would have been. Still we will wait and see him, and judge for ourselves. That grand horse Clifton is in remarkable good condition, but so sore that it is the veritable cat on hot bricks over again. His stable, notwith standing, assert that he has a great show. Southern Cross is a mass of good condition, but badly in, and ought to have no ghost of a chance beside Sultan. Dilke is not going too well, and the in and out work he is doing does not please those who witness it At the same time his friends appear to be perfectly con* tented, and look upon this Cup as ft good thing. Impudence is a remarkably lit hone, but my impression is that he is not good enough in such company as he has to meet here. Canterbury and Spark in Lang's stable—whither Venus goes —are doing very well, and the first-named has been largely backed to win this race. But train* ing in retirement as he does, it is impossible properly to estimate his prospects. There is some doubt about Newminster going for the cup, and this is borne out by the other races of the meeting for which he is entered, and the stable would be wise to avoid all handicap races until he has run through his three-year-old engage ments, for it must be an open, question as to his winning. Mountaineer is not yet down, but coming, Venus is no good, and Vain Hope almost as much out of place, Bella and fisher man too are not for this company. Then again, the Deer is'vaunted by bis trainer as a wonder, and so jealous is he of inquisitive and enquiring eyos that nobody has ever seen him out of a canter, so none believe in his chance, except ing those who have been talked into it If they would show us one gallop we might be made a* apostate to our present belief, but not until then. If the three-years olds start, commend me to Aldinga, who will not be asked to do battle in the Derby. In conclusion, there is a very nice, clever, little hone in Spring Jack, but as he trains in private, it is impossible to say what chance he. may have. The ring offer 1000 to 10, whioh. of course, nobody takes; he trains with Imperial. The latest betting is 80 to 10 Feu d'Artifice, 100 to 16 Valentia and Stew 100 to 7 Impudence, lflO to 6 Dilke, New minster, and Sultan, 100 to 5 Vain Hope, Can terbury, Sterling, Kismet, Imperial, Torchlight, and the Deer, 100 to 4 Rapid Bay, Timothy, and Clifton, 100 to 3 others. There will be a large field for the Maribyr nong; eighteen or twenty may be expected. J.Wilson, of St Alban's, has seven in—Saranaka, First King, Richmond Belle, Pardon, and three others. Saranaka is in the betting, but on the day First King is very likely to supplant him, and turn out to be the real Simon Pure; the. othen to be regarded are Rapidity, Hawkesbury, Salisbury, and Expectation and Viscount from Sydney. It is a very fluky nee at the best, and proportionately difficult to pick. The betting is 8 to 1 Rapidity, 10 to 1 Saranaka and Expecta tion, 12 to 1 others. 