GENERAL NEWS. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port. Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, clear, hot; Strangways Springs,cloudy, very hot; Peate,few clouds, hot; Charlotte Waters, fine, hot;.Alice Springs,-clear, fine; Barrow Creek, cloudy, threat ening thunder; Tennant Creek, fine,thunder in night: Powell Creek, fine, thunder yesterday; Daly Waters, clear, fine; Katherine, clear, fine; Pine Creek, hot ;.Yam Creek, clear, fine; South port, clear, fine; Port Darwin, clear, fine. Mrs. Ledbury and ber cbild, who were hurt in tlia fire at Glanville on Wednesday, are being'ottended by Dr. Mcintosh, who informed ns on'Thursday morning that they are doing as well as can be expected, and that no serious results arc anticipated. A senoiis accident occurred on Thursday morning, Debember 14, to Mr, William 'Thom 8c^]rad|oicdN>f ;tihe-'&4p^8'^ead;BoM.-'X^g' William-street.He was in the act.of descending the'flte^tof the.celldr when he fell heavily from fVpr'top toithe bottom, receiving several injuries toj^bafefc* " Anotice in oiur: advertising columns announces that the "handsome new steamer South Australian-will, start on her first trip for .Melbourne on Thursday, December 21." 5 "We hear that Mr. G. C. Hawker, M.P., has purchased from His Excellency the Gover norithe. lease of his summer residence at Port Elliot;: i The Hon. Sir, G. F. Verdon, K.O.M.G., was a passenger by the steamer Claud Hamil ton, which left Adelaide for Melbourne on Wednesday. ; ; The Commissioner of Crown Lands has postponed his intended visit to the Hundreds of English and Neales, and the adjacent country. Mr.,Carr now proposes to start on Monday next. The Treasurer, accompanied by the Pre sident and members of the Marine Board, will begin next week the annual visit to the light houses on our coast. Those not inspected on the'present trip will be visited after Christmas. The party are to be taken round in the Governor Musgrave. An accident happened to Mrs. Thomas Stephens, of Kadina, on Sunday evening, De cember 10. It appears (says the Wallaroo Times) that while blowing the fire the flames caught her dress. Mr. Stephens, hearing her screams, rushed to her rescue. She was slightly burned, but suffered most from the nervous shock. We are glad to state sbe is progressing favorably. The Government have received intelli gence that the ship Aliunbagh had been char tered to sail from England during December with about 400 emigrants for this colony, and that the British Enterprise bad been engaged to sail in the same service during January. The Torrens is to bring out 22 immigrants, the Harbinger 32, and the John Rennie 26. The three last mentioned vessels are now on^the way out. Mr. S.D. Glyde, the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood, was entertained at dinner at the Golddiggers' Arms, on Wednesday evening, December 13, by the Councillors of that Muni I cipality. About a dozen persons sat down to a capital spread, provided by Host Warncken. Mr. R. H. Wigg occupied the chair, and Mr. J. E. Moulden the vice-chair. Besides all the Councillors, Messrs. E. T. Smith, M.P., and H. Hughes, ex-Mayors, and Walter Gooch, were present. . An influential meeting of ratepayers and others, which was largely attended, was held at the Green's Plains Hotel, on Monday evening, December 11, to take into consideration the question of a water supply for the district of Green's Plains. Mr. John Reid occupied the chair. After considerable discussion on the matter, Mr. Tait moved—"That in the opinion of ibis meeting it is desirable for the Govern-, ment to declare water reservoirs at the Cocoanut and other suitable places within the district." On the suggestion of Mr. Scoble, Green's Plains East and Green's Plains West were inserted in theimotion, which he then seconded, and it was unanimously carried.- On the motion of Mr. Tait, the following was carried:—"That Go vernment be asked for a sum of £1,000, to make dams and reservoirs in the neighborhood of Green's Plains." Mr. Thomas then proposed that the Green's Plains District Council he ap pointed as a committee to draw up a memorial, embodying the resolutions passed at the meet ings and to present the same to the Government at an early date. This was seconded by Mr. Barhary, and carried. On Monday evening, December 11, a charitable entertainment was given at the Magill Institute by several ladies and gentle men, who desired to alleviate the sufferings of a family living in the neighborhood. The husband, we understand, has for a long ti;i: past suffered from sciatica, and is, if anything, getting worse. There is .a large family, and, as may he imagined, the bread-winner heing p>v trated, they are in destitute circumstances. The proceeds of the entertainment so kindly given amounted to about £15 net. This is an example which in parallel cases in other parts of the colony might be worthily followed. . A musical and literary entertainment was successfully given in the Wesleyan School room, Franklin-street, on . Wednesday evening, December 13. There was a good attendance, and the Rev. S. Knight presided. Those who took part in the proceedings were Mrs. Powell, Misses Raphael, L. Raphael, Scantlebury, and Haynes, and Messrs. Ellis, Gartrell, Annells, Bee, and A. Champion. The proceeds will be devoted to the Sunday-school held in that building. The first concert of the fourth season of the Adelaide Amateur Musical Union will be given in the Town Hall this evening. Iu addi tion to Henry Lahee's cantata, " The Building of the Ship," which will be performed for the first time in Adelaide, the programme includes some very choice selections of music; and the concert promises to be a highly enjoyable one. "We have been requested to notify that sub scribers' tickets can still be procured, and that although the floor of the hall is reserved for subscribers, the gallery will be open to- the public. The excessive heat of the weather had a deterrent effect on the attendance at the Theatre Royal on "Wednesday evening, December 13. The programme was the same as on the previous evening. Miss Silvester, as the entranced lady, was jilaced by the Fakir m a number of graceful and pleasing postures, after which "TheYoyage of the Serapis" was presented and described by Dr. Silvester in such a humorous and witty manner as to elicit roars of laughter. "Leo," the educated lion, then made his appear ance, growling ominously, but went through •his* performance as usual. Miss Silvester's "Model Men; or Masks and Faces," followed. This is an exceedingly clever burlesque on young men whohave a craving for hirsute appendages, and upon their elders who affect absurd and eccentric modes of dressing their beards, whis kers, and moustachios. The "Shadow Song," from the opera of " Dinorah," was beautifully rendered by Madame Silvester, and it was a matter for regret that she had not a larger audience to sing it to. The ap plause which greeted her efforts was most enthusiastic, and was thoroughly deserved. " Lost in the Forest; oiythe_Gbhlins of the Glen," with its wonderful ghost illusions and extraordinary effects, followed, and created no small amount of astonishment amongst the audience. The gorgeous fairy fountain, with its rapid changes from liquid showers of molten gold to cascades of "purest silver, thence chang ing with magic celerity to the most gorgeoqs and brilliant colors imaginable, closed the per formance. A meeting of the members of the Iva pnnda branch of the Public Teachers' Associa tion was held at Riverton on December 9. A communication from the secretary of the Public Teachers' Association was read and discussed. Disappointment was expressed that the resolu tion as to pupil teachers' examination-papers being returned had not been submitted to the Education Council as requested; also that the Education Council had not yet supplied the. list of text-books for the next pupil teachers' ex amination. The secretary was instructed to communicate direct with the Education Council on these matters. As agreed at last meeting, Mix Anderson, of Kapunda, read a practical and an interesting essay on "The Art of Interro gating." After analysing the various kinds of questions, and sliowingwliich were best adapted to children of different ages, defective questions were analysed in a dialogue form. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Anderson. At the next meeting Mr. "Williams has consented to bring an essay forward "on " How to Teach Arithmetic." 