Varieties. A man whose appearance indicated tbat be bad bad a glass too much, being asked if he was a Son of Temperance, replied, ' No, no relation, hie, not even an acquaintance !' The Glasgow Times would appear to have figured tbe thing out pretty acou ratelv when it remftrkfi ? ' Thfl man who is curious to see how the world would get along without him may find out by sticking a cambric needle into a mill -pond and then with drawing it and looking at the hole.' These iz a grate menuy rules to make married life kumfortable, but the golden one is tbis : Go slow, aud give eacb other haff the road. This rule iz sz simple and easy az milking a cow on the rite side, and will be fourd as useful az ile to avoid hot journals and dri axles. - Josh Billings. A High Chueoh curate near London .having a horse tbat .did napt like the water, tried to cure- him. lie stripped to the skin and then mounted the jb orse, which he thought to force into the sea. But tbe biute did not ' see it,' and, wheeling round, started fall pace for tbe town, through the main street of .which he dashed, greatly to the sprprise at^-d horror of his rider, the male Goaiva. It I _ J i.L-1 1.1 ? 3! J __ a m ? .1* ia uaiu iuui me curate aid not omoiflfe the next Sunday. A Pugnacious Fowl. — Extraordinary . is a rooster now residing at GtantiL Rapids, Mich. Generally these pugna cious birds contend only with oise ^cd another, but tbis cock flies at higissr - game. First he wrestled with a three year-old colt, hitting him with spurs and flying at his hose, and finally com pelling the colt to retreat. Then tbe victorious rooster tackled a cow. She tossed him on her horns like a play thing, but he invariably comes ap smil ing and renews the combat. 'Tis a drawn battle thus far, with odds in favor of tbe rooster. Tbe same proud bird fears not the face of any man, and lately compelled one who interfered with him to retreat in a very demoralized con dition. Success and Perseverance. — If a boy, in contemplating a pile of attractive apples in front of a grocery, finds that tbe owner is looking, he does not become discouraged and go home. He goes on to another place, and keeps going until be finds an apple-owner who is not look ing. It is only by perseverance tbat success in life, is attained. Wb^wonld be thought of tbis boy if at the first stand he gave up the search, declaring tbat fate was against him, that there was no use at all in trying to get an apple, and moodily retired to his home? When we are prone to be discouraged by adverse circumstances, let us remember the boy and the apple, and press for ward. — Dan bury News. The Fruits of Civilization. — Mr. Stanley, who has discovered in the heart of Africa a mild and courteons king holding sway over two million subjects, thinks the existence of this nation affords A Kftat AnrriitKt f. ikn V, viio ucai aw^uijf iwx i iuc puCDHMC civilization of that continent. Weshould say not : the monarch is a Mussjilman, and his subjects are of the same faitb. All the Christian missionaries who can who can be spared from other fields of mischief will be immediately turned loose amongst this simp'e folk, and the next generation will be liars, cheats, cut- throats, and members of Young Men's Christian Associations. Rum, smallpox, art, athoism, commerce, and quack doctors will succeed inheavcn-appointcl sequence; the domestic hippopotamus will take the zoot, women will go in for pnll-back dresses, and man will run for office. Some enemy of his will introduce the common-school system, which these misguided people will embrace until the ' great anarch,' Popular E Jucation, * — — — Liecs tne curtatn ran, And universal darkness covers all.' Then athwart the gloom shall flit the ghost of the Town Crier, like a visible voice crying in the wilderness?. ? T told you so !' — San Francisco &ewslette;'\' Swallowed Spectacles. — A Paris correspondent writes : Auothei rival to the man who swallowed a fork last year has just cuttie to hand. A paor^fellow nimed Vent has been admitted to the hospital on account Of having swallowed a pair of spectacles. It appears that hrf partook one day rather freely of a dish of mushrooms, and having reason to suspect, after having eaten them, that they were prisonous, he attempted to bring on a fit of vomiting. Not succeeding in bis first effort, he renewed the attempt by thrusting his spectacles down his throat. A gasp— a gulp — and down went the spectacles, snd there they remain at thj.- j present. Aa the frames are of silver, no danger of poison is apprehended, but the poor fellow's condition is, nevertheless, a deBnerate one. Kenealy ' After Hours.' — Oii Wednesday, in the Common Pleas Division of the High Court of Justice, an action brought by Mr. and Mrs. Tongej the manager and manageress of the Royal Hotel, Grimsby, against the Grimsby newspaper Company (Limited) and another, to recover damages for alleged libel, was heard. The alleged libel consisted of a letter purporting to be written by Mr. Andrews, the second defendant, and published in the Grimsby News, imputing to Mrs. Tonge rude and violent conduct towards the Kenea'v Committee. Mrs. Tonge was examined^ and denied the truth of most of the statements in the libel. She also stated that when she went upstairs, aud said that tbe gentleman could not remain ia the house (it being after closing time); Dr. Kenealey said, ' Woman, you know n it what you are talking about.' (Laughter.) She said, ' I beg your par don, sir ; it makes no difference to us.' He said, ' Woman, have you never broken tbe law ? ' — (laughter) — and she replied. ' No, Dr. Keneal y, I h sve never broken the laws of my c-tun'ry.' He said he had great pleasure in saying that ' he never kept them, except when it suited purpose.' (Loud laughter.) Mr. Onslow then said. 'Woman, do you know that my position is sufficient for us to stay here ? ' and she answered that this made no difference in the eye of the law. Mr. Dyer, another of the gentle men, then said,' You have nothing tb fear, I am on the Watch Committee, aud the sergeant of police has promised to move all the policemen from off the beat.'' (Loud laughter.) She said, ' I am surprised to hear you say that, when you are a member of the Town Council aud a teetotaller, and a short time ago attempted to get up a petition to get-our license taken away.' Mr. Congmate^ne of the gentlemen, got tbem to leave the houes, saying, 'We are the aggressors, and not Mrs. Tonge.' The further hear ing of the case was adjourned; 