COUNTRY NEWS, IPSWICH. frEOM OUE OWN COEBESrONDENT.] \- . • juiy in. "Weather and Politics—Both in Hukuicane Force —The Woollen Comp-vny — As tonisiiing—The Gas Worki^The Itswich Musical Society—A Magical Chars The Musical society—.a. Stobm Boar—The Swollen Bremer—The Sheds Suiimkuoed — Railway and Coal • Damages—The Meeting at the School op • damages—AHE EiEEii-No . Arts—A Triumph pok the Ministry—a Mixed Reception—Time ! Time .—Repel lent Noises—Jock. Scotched — Thorn s Larrikins and Kids. \ Weather and politics! Always sale sub jects, and never out of season. Both liablo to severe variations of temperature. These have both been in prominence during tho last week, and both have been in hurricano force. Wo have had very little else to talk about, and .very little else has been needed. Two sensa tional topics aro surely enough at once. It is true the Woollen Company have held their first general meeting, and the directors have presented the shareholders '.with a very satis factory progress report. A great deal of pre liminary work has been done at a ridiculously small cost; and, without making a yard of tweed, or even setting up a loom or a shed, the chairman thought the shareholders would, if the company were wound-up now, receive hack the paid-up capital, with good interest.' This is quite astonishing after all the promoters swindles that deluded investors have had to denounce and deplore. Besides this little episode, certain gentlemen have been can vassing a portion of the town to coax savings. out of economical folk for the projected,gas works; and they report gratifying success. We have had a concert by the Ipswich Musical Society which took place on that evening of terrible storm— Friday; and which proved the magical charm of good music by drawing a fair number of listeners from their cosy firesides. But these are thot ordinary ripples on the current of events. The storm roar began on Friday morning and continued till Saturday evening. It came furiously from the coast till tho after noon of the latter day was far advanced, then i the sweeping wind veered round to the opposite point of tho compass and swept down quite as vigorously from the west; then the rain-clouds, as if angry at being forced back, I let down their .aqueous burden in deluging i quantity. Later in the evening, when the 1 wind had abated and the rain had ceased, when the drenched town had been deserted by the occasional stragglers of the evening,, there was heard the roar of the swollen Bremer tearing down in dirty, foaming, rushing torrents. The ; next morning the sheds on the wharves were ! submerged; the steamers were in the centre of I the stream safely moored, but the sky was clear, and the day throughout beautifully fine: I AlLday Sunday, ballast trains were running through the town, conveying broken- metal from Bundamba to about Grandchester, where the railway ballasting, as also in some inter? vening places, had been washed away. In several place* the line had been under water. There has not been much damage done here. Several of the colliery proprietors have had their stock of coal at bank washed away. Jnst when the storm of the natural elements had passed away, the political elements became disturbed. On Monday, little was talked about hut the meeting to he held that evening in 4,he School of Arts. At the appointed hour, the ! crowd concentrated at the point of attraction, i and filled the large hall to tho doors. The details will doubtless appear inanother column. I may therefore content myself by referring to one or two salient features of the meeting, about which some difference of opinion has apparently prevailed. As a: political demonstration, the meeting was a decided triumph for the Thorn Administration. Neither the Premier nor his friends claimed for him the gift of oratory. Admittedly that is a weakness. But it was argued that he has not been found wanting iu bis administration of the postal department. The meeting being a public one was, of course, open to politicians of all shades and degrees, hut it struck me as being jnst a little singular that a prominent member of the Opposition should have risen to move an amendment on the first resolution submitted to the meeting. "When Mr. Thompson rose for that purpose his reception was of a mixed character, and it was, I believe, his private character and citizenship, rather than his politics, which secured for him a candid hear ing ; but he was several times greeted with tho cry " time, time." His sentiments about tho Premier were manifestly unacceptable to a majority of tho meeting. And properly ho, for Mr. Thompson's best friends must have re gretted the weakness of his arguments, and the grossness of his personalities. He boldly avowed that the opposition to the Ministry was wholly on personal grounds. The meeting carried enthusiastically a resolu tion pledging the electors not to vote, in case of an appeal to thu country, for any of tho memberB who may vote in favour of tho want of confidence motion now before the House. The amendment and the original motion wero fairly put, and the issue was beyond tho shadow of a doubt. Tho second resolution was carried amid some confusion by an overwhelming majority. Mr. Pettigrow rose then, but was re ceived by a storm of repellant noises. He had not the ghost of a chance of being heard. Thu Mayor left tho chair once, returned, and rc occnpled it. Every endeavour was made by tho gentlemen on the platform to quiet tho crowd, hut all waa in vain. Jock was scotched. The populace had no car for a man who puts personal grievances in the place of political principles. And had is made worse by rocourso to slanderous slang ubout the electors of Ips wich. The men who opposed Mr. Pettigrow were neither larrikins" nor " kids." 