To the lidilor, of, the, Newcastle Chronicle, Sib— Some stime ag» one ; of your oorrespon donts suggested thkt'a Geographical Be« would be a cpod exhibition to get up. After the retj ludiorous display of geography evinced by nautical men in. the Police. Court, on Tuesday, ' it would bo only just that the captains sailing from this port, should undergo an examination. The examiners ba any six boys, two' from each of the schoalt couduoted by Messrs.. Pcgum, Thomson, and Murdoch, in Newcastle. One old skipper, who is ontrusted/with- tba obarge of life and property, contended that the Indian Ocean and tho Eastern seas were all the samo, in fact, any- pool of water east of tho.longtitude of Greenwich, was an Eastern sea.. Perhaps, lie would hero make ; the Duck Ponds in j Cltpficir) Common, an Eastern sea, from its longtftudp of Greenwich. Anyhow, there, was but one of thd magistrates presiding, who had any knowledge, of the Mauritius. Some of tho skippers and tho attorney's havin? a notion that it was in the Pacitib Ocean, anywhere 'between the North Pole and De Witts Island. , ?'..,,'. I ?..?,'.. Seriously, ought not a little geographical, knowledge to be. imparted -to those on. whoni the destinies of hundreds of sailors and passenS gers rest. May the name of ' Poynting' be for over emblazoned on the map, which bears my namo as ono of tho skippers, who in a desire /or ' pointing on behalf of a friend, proclaimed his own ignorance, and made, [ should think,' tho, nautical men who .wore listening in the Court; blush for their brother skipper, the skipper's attorney, and the dignified gentleman who situ to adjudicate, and who, by tha aid of modern science, withdraws islands from their proper oceans, and deposits them'.in precisely tho waters a friend wishes them te be in. Even with these who man, the experience of-tao Sh?ppio[; Master, a clover, zealous . officer, is thrust asido as useless. ?. '' / ' / , -' i Go in for a Geographical Bee for !ci\ptalrW, with Public School boys for examiners.— Yours, THE GHOST OF: MEECATOB;: :? Newcastle, 2nd February, 1875. ' ? - ??? '?.'-:'?' ' Serhnadi'no. — Lamb was out serenading one of the Metcalf girls, and she was leaning out of the window,'', with! shutters bowed, so that he could not sco her. Lamb's little tune had ono high note, and ho struck it saddsnly, and with such force it made hor jump. Sho Joathorifoot hold, fell out and desonbod half a somersault,' one foot hitting Mr. Lamb square in tho face, the otlier smashing tho top of unitar. Simply ejaculating 'Gosh I' ho leaped up from the gutter and fled, under the impression that old Motcalf had thrown a bed at him, while. Luoroti* picked tno'icatgiit add, '.bass wood from aer toesy .wistcd up her back hair and front into tbo haute. - Lamb 'stopped; visiting hor, and , ahdrtlV 'aftot id mamod.tha'widow; Jonoa, ' '-'»,,.? ' 