ODD NOTES. ST A SOirF-MIAS"' 3iUcD0NAl.il lias paired off with Hnly for the rest of the session, which is a great loss to tho Ministry.. Macdonald was worth more to them Uian anyothcr four members on their side of tho House.Worlh more than six: members— if it comes to that. I never saw a man in the Assembly-who possessed so' much influence-. Certainly his "influenco operated in a reverse direction. I never knew him to persuade any body on the opposite, side .of the House to vote- as he : advised tlrem. But six or' eight. always, and sometimes the whole mob, .were, dead certain to vote against anything which ho proposed, so that it was only necessary to start him in the opposite direction to secure tho desired .result. . Paddy : would never have .got his pig to Dublin if .he £ad not kept begging and praying of the animal all'through the journey to go to Cork, for the 1 ove .if Heaven. Dublin was the desired desti nation butifpiggie had known it he would inevitabl;',have gone, to Cork. I am afraid tbe Government have not made a proper use of Macdonald's influence this session, but they werdbeginning to find out hisusefnlness; andhis services, properly applied duringtheremainder of the session, would have been invaluable in the clearing of the busing paper; See how b caufifnlly. he secured the carrying of the third clause of the Railway Reserves Bill in its integrity! He let it be pretty clearly known by the members of the Opposition, that he wanted that clause amending by only taking half of the runs in the reserves; Douglas pre tended to acquiesce, andproposeda new clause in committee, embodying Macdonald's suggestion. That did the business. The original clause was carried:'flying, by 21. to IS, the.- only reason alleged by the members of the Opposi tion for'rejecting the proposed amendment being that Macdonald and my'old friend Jacob Low. were in favour of it. I-know that Palmer's friends are going about saying that he opposed the amendment in order to make the Railway Reserves Bill as mischievous, as possible to the pastoral interest, and thereby bring upon the Ministry as much hatred and contempt as possible. Don't you believe it! I know Palmer better. He wouldn't. de liberately make, any such foolish blunder as that. No, Macdonald was the red rag which irritated.him and his followers into insisting upon the third clause of that bill being re tained in its integrity. The Chairman of Committees will feel the loss of that bill. It was a nice bill in com mittee. 'When once an amendment was proposed and fairly put to the committee there : was time for a good long snooze, and Bemays could be on the watch and poke him up in time 4ac the division. And the sweet soothing elo <quazce of 'Walsh, Morehead, De Satge, and Amherst, supplied as gentle and effective a lul laby as any weary soul could desire. Certainly Morgan -got into a bit of a tangle while the hill was in committee on Tuesday night rthrongh dozing off. Whether Walsh and Morehead had infused a double mea sure of somniferousness into their tones as Ihey droned. and prosed along about the im measurable wickedness, of the Ministry ; or whether the atmosphere was unnsually heavy that night; or that the ventilation of the 'Chamber was obstructed by a disproportionate number of Liberal members; or that something \- pise had happened to send the. Chairman of Committees into a deeper sleep than usual—is now p£st finding out. He did sleep sounder • tbat night .in the chair than he had ever done before—and when he awoke,, he was just a trifle bewildered, and didn't know exactly where he was. He got the preamble Inextricably mixed with the schedules and the last clause oi the hill, ; and for a considerable time could not - make up his mind how the question stood. Members kindly volunteering to explain only confused him the more. But he'got right at last. There is very little abont the office of Chairman of Commit tees of the Legislative Assembly, hairing the salary, which I should yearn for. Jji the first place, although the Chairman is virtually the Deputy-Speaker,' he' never can : maintain his dignity like the Speaker can. The members won't let him.. I cannot say how it is, hut a. most noticeable .change comes over the tone and deportment' of hon. members directly <s House resolves itself into a Committee of jjj0 Whole, and if a Chairman of Committees possess, id a fifty-speaker power of dignity, he couldn't wiaintaiu it in the chair for half-an hour. Wii'®1 '^e Mouse is in committee mcmhera dan . '^>eafc a5 o!tB, as t!'e>" ^ and many of them lh> to "Paa^ ycry often indeed, m.. c speakers in committee The most in Vetera'** speakers in committee | soon lose their lo^P"* l«gin to abuse somebody, and t.Se» "mebody takes up the quarrel, and the ^jonty. present \- - and "make go in for' a general shindy » night of it." The. Chairm.^ _°f Com mittees has to , sit it through; wi.'"_ tlie ghost of a chance of joining in the seta. '^xuage —and which cannot but he very trying to' Irishman; above all other men. The onlyreli1 from the irritating monotony is a gentle! slumber, and now. the Railway Reserves Bill is through there is littlo chance of that again this session; -Accidents will happen in the best regulated families, but some accidents are much more endurable than others. For instance, an acci dent happened the other day to a Custom-, houso' officer, -which he bore with -most ex emplary fortitude and resignation, ? Tliis officer was decidedly " sweet " upon a lady profes sional musician who was just starting to Cali fornia, and,' purely from a sense of duty, ho went to the steamer in which she was leaving to see that mo smuggling. was being dono by the passengers—especially by the lady .who was going to California. To conscientiously dis charge-a duty like this-requires time .and patience, and the captain of that steamer did not have enough of these commodities on hand just then, so he put off with the,, custom-house officer on hoard examining. the lady's luggage. When the steamer - got. off' Lytton there was such a strong tide running that the Custom house officer could not he landed there, and no opportunity presented itself of transferring him to a Brisbane-bound vessel in the Bay. The poor fellow had to be taken on to Sydney. But so determined was he that the revenue of; this colony should not suffer by that lady, that - he kept, on examining her . lug gage nearly all the way. He did not ravo and swear at the captain for- being in'such a confounded hurry to cast off from the Brisbane-wharf. Ho did not tear his hair at being thus ruthlessly dragged from: the bosom of his family without a moment's notice, and strange to say, the distinguished lady musician, who was off to California, did not resent the officious interference with her luggage, which this officer felt it his duty to undertake-and complete. She knew very well what his per sonal feelings towards her were, and to her credit be it spoken,; she encouraged him in the • thorough performance of his duty, and waived : all objections. The people of this colony may well be proud of such ■ painstaking and conscientious public servants. - While our Custom-house officers perform their duty in this fearless and de termined manner—utterly, regardless of per sonal discomfort and inconvenience—the Colo nial Treasurer may rest in,his bed; the revenue will not he defrauded by smuggling to anyappreciable extent. I know there are wicked and malicious people who assert that the officer in question let the steamer cast off from the wharf while he was on board for the express purpose of being taken out to sea with this lady; • and an aged spinster, a passenger by that steamer, says the Custom-hous9 officer spooned all the way down to Sydney so gush ingly and barefacedly, that ho annoyed the lady with-his very* marked attentions. But what will a cantankerous single female of an uncertain age not say?'It is also true that when the officeri"returned to Brisbane from, that trip, he was looked coldly on by some people here, who -were-annoyed and upset at having a most interesting story = of an. elope ment utterly spoiled. > But a man who rigidly and conscientiously performs his duty must expect to he maligned; and have wrong motives imputed to him. Iam delighted to hear that a conspiracy, among the doctors hereto defraud the druggists of .their "rights" has. been • broken j up. It seems that a number of. our local I medicos, under the irritation of not having their prescriptions made up with drugs of the i proper quality, and yet having , the stuff charged" for at from four to eight hundred per cent, above wholesale prices, determined to start a druggist's shop. of their own on the co operative principle. But the druggists have shown them the error of their ways, and now theprojectisabandoned. And very properly so as I think. It would perhaps he expecting too much of doctors to suppose that they would rigdly act up to the well-known motto of "live and let live." 'But as between themselves and druggists the motto onght'.to hold good.' - For myself, I prefer the old- fashioned plan* of getting the doctor who prescribes for'me to ' have medicine made up in his own surgery, : under his own supervision. It was the prac tice in my native village,-and always worked so well there in my case: that • I never could get rid of my prejudice in favour - of it. But then I know. I am an exception in this respect. . It: is good for trade to have a division of labour in this-medicine business. One man to prescribe and another to make up the prescriptions. -If the.drugs arenf bad quality or uncertain, quality, why the patient takes all the longer to get well, which throwp more fees into the doctor's hands; and if the druggist gets four hundred per cent, profit—whpt is that tp doctors ?.•'. No, apart from my own physje-taking, I can see that it was a cruel'and most unjustifiable scheme of the Brisbane doctors to start a co operative drugshopj and therefore I am glad it has come to nought. . A special;meeting of the Society-for the Prevention of Cruelty Jo Animals - was held last Monday. A copy of the bill introduced into Parliament at the instance of the society, was. laid on the table. Auditors- were .clipsen. and members announced, * 