NOTEJS AND EI'~BVNTS. The long-standing dispute between the Shire Council and the Messrs. Murray, re specting the damage done to the Barongarook property by the drain adjoining the land, has at length been settled. At the meeting on Wednesday last, the Council decided to accept the proposition made by the Messrs. Murray for a settlement, as follows :-About 34 chains of fencing ate to be erected, out side the drain, and the Council is to be allowed the use of half a chain of the land for the whole length of the fence, in order that a proper slope and batter may be made to the drain. The Council will not be held responsible for any loss that may accrue in consequence of sheep, &c.;, falling into the drain. These terms are fair enough, and what might have turned out a very un pleasant matter, has been amicably settled. At last a contract has been let for the erection of a bridge over the Gerangamete, Mr. A. Gaylard having undertaken to exe cute the work for £400 7s. When this con tract is thoroughly completed, it will prove of great benefit and convenience to the resi dents in the locality, and the work should have been done long since. In consequence of the absence of Coun cillor Buchanan from the Council meeting on Wednesday, the motion, of which he has given notiep, respecting the resumption of inunigration to this colony was not dis cussed, but it will be brought on at the meeting of the Council on the 23rd instant. In connection with this matter, we may state that DMr. Matthew Craig, of Ondit, sent in a very characteristic letter to the Council on Wednesday last, in which he stated that he had to get children from the State school to enable him to get in his crop. Of course we are ndt aware of the whole of the circum stances of tihe case, but we can safely assert that if Mr. Craig was willing to pay men fair wages, he need not not have employed "children from the State school" to help him garner his crop. Such statements as these must be received cum igrano salis. On Tuesday last, about 1 o'clock, Mr. B. Cooper, butcher, left his horse and cart out side the Royal Hotel, while he went inside to transact some business, the horse being fastened to a post by the reins. The animal became startled in consequence of some paper, which the children attending the Colae State school are in the habit of throw ing in the street about dinner time, blowing against its legs, and it broke away from the post, and bolted down Murray-street. When a little below the Oddfellows Hotel, the horse made llomewards, across the vacant piece of ground leading to the lake. In going through this the cart upset, and both shafts were broken clean off, the horse making off with the harness. Prime joints of meat were to be seen flying in mid air in all directions. After some little time the animal was caught, without any further damage being done. Mr. A. Chapman, butcher, met with an accident to his cart the same day, in consequence of which the axle was broken. On the same day, Mr. umnphrey Hearn's horse bolted with the jbutcher's cart, and threw the driver, a man named John Branch, out. One of the wheels of the vehicle passed over the mani's chest and arm, bruising him severely, but fortunately no bones wore broken. Yesterday we had an opportunity of in- specting a splendid sample of white freestone, which was obtained by Mr. Francis Bell in his quarry at a depth of about 30 feet, and distant only about three miles from Colac. This white freestone takes a very smooth face, and hardens in a marked degree when exposed to the atmo sphere. It is pronounced by good judges to be quite equal to the New Zealand freestone. Mr. Bell intends sending some of the stone to Melbourne, so that its capabilities may be properly judged. We also, on the same day, were shown a specimen of brown free stone, obtained by Mr. James Inglis about a mile from Mr. Bell's quarry. The brown stone is very hard and close in the grain. We understand that plenty of both the white and the brown freestone is obtainable, and they should prove very valuable for building purposes. Our natural resources are evi dently not yet developed to any appreciable degree. Tenders for the erection of wooden stables at Stonyford will be received by the Western Stage Company, Colac, up to five o'clock p.m., on March G1th. Plans of the piroposed building may be inspected at Kinane's Vic toria lIotel, Colac. Thu Hope Quarte Mining Co., Break o' Day, IRokewood, also require tenders for the purchase of 150 ihares in the Company, whole or part, on or before Wednesday, 0th inetant. A meeting of the Colac branch of the National Reform League took place at the Temperance Hall on Wednseday evening last. There was a good attendaince, and Mr. E. Cooper was voted to the chair. The Secretary reported that 53 persons had en rolled themselves as members. Several gentleman were nominated as casndidates for President, Vice-Presidents, and members of Committee. The next meeting was fixed for Wednesday, the 15th instant, when the officers will be elected. We are informed that a Prospecting party will shortly start for the purpose of search ing for gold and other valuable minerals in the Otway forest. The party will consist of the following :-Messrs. AW. I. Short, (leader), J. Chapman, Coney, and S. Bam ford. We are not aware what special claims these gentlemen have to be appointed over residents who would be willing to go. Mr. Short is certainly well qualified for the position, but it woold have been far more satisfactory had a little publicity been given to this matter. Why is it that everybody, except a favored few, has been'kept in the dark over this-matter? Somebody should explain. Perhaps the gentlemen who have nominated their prolt?o r will favor the public with a little light on this matter. We do not think there can be any objecOn made to Mr. Short's appointment, but people "like to know, you know," about these little matters. Will anybody explain? A cricket match will be played at Birre gurr-a on Saturday next, 4th Instant, between an e!even belonging to the Corio Club and a combined team of fifteen, chosen from the Colac and Birregurra Clubs. Play will comn mence at 11 o'clock sharp, and the Colac players will leave here at about half-past 9 o'clock. Luncheon will be partaken of at Lambell's Hotel at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The following are the names of the players : -Corio Eleven-Messrs. Rippos, Thomas, Cuthbertson, Francis, Chater, M'Laughlin, Viesseux, Clayton, Armytage, Austin, and De Little. Umpire and scorer, Messrs. Wheatlaodand Reichman. Combined Team -Messrs. Strachan, Nehill, Edmundson, Doo, Burt, Gullan, M'Callum, Cornish, G. P. Robertson, Connor, Hinchcliffe Taylor, W. Flahive, Calvert, and Greene. A man named William Johnson, well known about the district, was arrested by Constable Armfield yesterday morning for neglecting to comply with an order of the Court, directing him to pay a certain amount weekly to Matthew Trepouch in satisfaction of a debt, in default of which he is to :be imprisoned1 for two months. Johnson will be taken down to Geolong gaol this morning. The nominations for the handicaps at the Colae annual race meeting appears in another I part of the paper. Eleven horses have entered for the Handicap, five forthe District Plate, and eight for the Hurdle Race. In our present issue we publish the weights for the two handicap events- Hampden Cup and and Steeplechase-to be contested at the forthcoming Camperdown Races, which take place on the 23rd inst. Finnigan is top weight in the Cup. with S st. 10 lb., and Jack Sprat comes next with 8 st. There are eight entries in all. In the Steeple chase Grasshopper is placed firstwith 11 st., and Mistake follows with 10 st. 10 lb. There are also eight entries for this race. The members of the Colac St. Patrick's Society will celebrate St. Patrick's Day by a dinner and ball at the Oddfellows' Hall, Colac, on Thursday evening, the 16th inst. We understand that this demonstration will be properly carriecd through, and that no effort will be spared to give satisfaction to those who may attend. Mrs. Cooper, of the Temperance Hotel, will have the manage ment of the dinner, and several members of the Colac Brass Band will provide the music for the ball. An amateur dramatic performance in aid of the funds of the Colac Harmonic Society, will take lplace at the Oddfellows' Hall on Tuesday evening, the 14th inst. The pieces chosen for representation are the drama "Time Tries All" and " The Happy Mah." Rehearsals are now being well attended, and every care will be taken to provide a good night's amusement. A lecture under the auspices of the Colac Lodge of Good Templars will be delivered by Dr. Macartney, Grand Lodge Lecturer, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Colac, on Friday evening, the 10th inst. The admission will be free, and as Dr. Macartney's ability is beyond question, there should be a large attendance on the occasion. We beg to direct attention to an adver tisement in another part of our present issue, notifying the sale by public auction, by 'Messrs. King and Cunningham, under iln structions from F. F. Armytage, Esq., of the whole of the stock and station plant on Turkeith, near Colac, on Friday, the 7th of April next. The stock consists of 12,000 sheep, 150 cattle, and 15 horses. Another advertisement intimates that tenders will be received by the same auctioneers up to Thursday, the 23rd instant, for leasing the station, which contains 11,700 acres of land. The property is substantially fenced, and subdivided into 14 paddocks, watered by spring and dams in every paddock. There is also a comfortable house and garden, with everything comnnected with sheep-farming in good order. Mr. Armytage is about visiting Europe, and it is for this reason that the stock is to be sold and the station leased. Licenses, in name of the following parties, under the 47th section, Land Act, 1869, are now lying in the office of the Receiver of Revenue, Colac, and can be had on payment of fees:-Rural Store Sites-M. Glynn and T. Lawler, Ihrewarra ; Jno. Plummer, Birre gurra ;-Mary Stevenson, Wm. Sheedy, Caro line M'Cure, M. A. Lawes, WVm. Godley, C. Gaylard, Alice Miller, Margaret Hart, J. Gaylard, Dennis Hennessy, Richard Sharp, and Mary Brown, Elliminyt. Saw Mill Sites-Norman and Johnson, Elliminyt; E. T. Silk, Irrewillipe. Factory Sites-West ern Meat Preserving Company (2), Elliminyt. Bathing Place-G. Mitchelmore; Elliminyt. Mr. Mawson, the well-known dentist, announces by advertisement in another column, that lihe may be consulted profes. sionally at Kinane's Victoria Hotel, Colac, on Monday next, 6th instant. Baron Von Mueller his been made the subject of debate in Parliament perhaps more than other men in the colony. Year after year, when the estimates come under discussion, the lchrned baron takes up quite a lion's share of the debate, and on Tuesdayy which was no exception to the rule-Mr. Ilanna alluded to the botanist as an everlast ing ghost that ought to be laid. Opinions ap pear to be at variance as to the value of the baron's services. Some members regard hibn as a white elephant, while others seem to think it would be as injudicious to deprive tho colony of its defences as to get rid of this satvant. The' qenstion of debate on Tucesday night was as to whether an allow. ane of £300 a year for clerical assistance should be increased. The Assembly agreed very generally that it should not. Nearly two-tlis of England's wool (says the Times) comionm Australia, from which quarter we recid in 1874, a quantity much beyond all preelt, amounting to no less than 225,383,63k:, or 38,718,6851b. more than in the prec?lg year. A remarkable decline occurreditho import of wool from South America,rhich fell suddenly to 11,30S,0981b., ojss by 9,791,164 lb., than in the precedingsar, and a smaller quan tity than in anyy y since 1860. Our total im port of wool in 186 reached 344,470,897 lb., a larger quantity an in any preceding year, and nmore by 26, ,118 lbs. than in 1873. But this increase 4r that year was chiefly not for onrselveslor there was exported from this couritrlin 1854 as much as 144,294,663 lb. of 3eign and colonial wool, or 21,048,491 lb. n{e than in the preceding year; leaving us 21,179,234 lb. more than in the preceding, uich, like 1874, showed a larger foreign suppljor the United Kingdomn thcan any year whichad gone before it. ` The Melbourne correspondent of tho Elamiltoin Spctatforvrites :-" I notice that one of the drapery tablishments in Bourke street has been clodl, the proprietor giving up business. It is hat of Mr. Hugh Cope land. I remembervhen it first opened, and I am glad to heaithat after carryinm on business for nine 4ars only, the proprietor is able to retire wvi a fortune of £40,000. The Alarfborouki Advertiser of Monday last says :-The agat of the Rev. Charles Clark has been " tying on" another Mary borough engagemens for the reverend lec turer. But not sccessfully. Mr. Clark spoke his mind so fiely on the first occasion of his visit about t?? members of his cloth that they would liot go near him again, or show him any costtenance. Mr. Clark's clerical "brethren"ihate him like "pisin." TPhe Melbonune correspondent of Town sndI Cotu'try .Sydneygyrvio ;-",. Talking of the squatters, it is rumored. that they have snbscribed £20,000 as the nucleus of a poli tical fund at this crisis, when 'Tax the lands ' is the popular cry; but, of course, money is; impotent amidst a pure demo cracy. 