BLANCHE: VEREIC~ER. DY U. MOUNTENIIY JEP3?1N. OcrIl'Tsu XXXIV. TrEIR short stay at the far-famed Rooak of Gibraltar might have passed pleasantly enough to the little party on board the Lsrkspur had it not been for the--to Mount nessing end his mother-- unaoeuntablo waywardness and perversity of Blanche. She was an enigma to them. There was everything here that they had thought would rouse and enliven her. Thore was the cheerful eompanionship of their old friend Tome; there were the hospitalities and gaieties of the garrison to be enjoyed; there were'excursions to the different objects of interest in. the neighbourhood to be made; but none of these could win Blanohe bank to anything like her old self. All these apparehtly foolish whims they bore with patiently, as being the more idle faaneies and orotchots of an invalid; but to eaeh other, mother and son confided that sometimes their patience was sorely tried at finding all their plans to amuse and inspirit her persistently marred by Blanche herself. Tirst of all, a riding-party to the' cork. woods, a few miles distant, was organisoed by Tom; then a picnic over at Algosciras, on the other side of the bay; then a riding. trip to Honda, up amongst the Andalusian highlands, besides many other similar jaunts, were all got up for her express be hoof; but to each and every one Blanche pleaded an exense. Nearly the whole of her day was occupied in writing to Fans, telling him, as he had asked her to do, every trifling little incident of her lifo. Whoe not thus engaged, she would sit on deck under the' awning, reading or working. Some. times in the cool of the evening she would be pressed into taking a stroll on the Alameda to listen to the band ; but on these oeoasions she always Ikept as close to her mother's side as a poor little sick chicken to its hen mother's wing. She recollected that day when Tom had ridden from the barracks for leave, how Fane had, on the simple grounds of her being alone with him as a visitor for a few moments, worked himself up into a painful fit of jealousy; and she determined _that no letter of hers should ever contain the description of an action or a circumstance which could by any possibility be twisted into a cause for jealous fear, or give him a moment's pain or uneasiness. If she had happened to ride, or walk, or talk alone with Tom Bullkloy, or any other man, she would have felt bound to mention the cir cumstance in her next letter, for she had not only promised to tell him everything, but Fans was always calling out for more par ticulars, more details. " Every little trifle, no matter how small, about yourself is in teresting to me. Keep nothing from me," was the burden of almost all his letters. With the observance of so difficult and doli cats a task in view, she was sometimes forced to shirk Tom's society in a way which was not only marked-and how it cut her to the heart to do itl--but oven rude; so much so that one night it actually led to a slight broach of the peace between herself and her brother. Mountnoessing had been dining with Tom up at the mess; and on his return to the yacht at about one o'lock in the morning, -found,' to his surprise, Blanoho sitting on deok. "Why, Blanche, what are you doing here P ". ,- -" I never sleep very well now, Harry, and it. was warm below, so I thought it would he much pleasanter to sit up here. I'm well wrapped up, and the awning is still spread, and keeps off any dow." -lountnessing lit a fresh cigar and sat down on a low deck-stool at her feet, " Well, you are a queer girl I Last night, when it was much hotter than it is to.night, and Tom Bullleoy was having a quiet smoke up hers with me, and we wanted you to stay, you said you preferred being below, and went, though I hbogged you to stop. Look hero, Thenoe, have you any partiocular oijection to Tom Bullkloy ? D)o you dislike him? Upon my word, your conduct somo times makes me think so." The blood rushed tumultuously from B3lanocho' aching heart to her cheeks, and he remained silent. Iu the midst of her agitation she had onough presence of mind to fool thanlkful that the startling question had been put to her in the dark. "'Do you, lanuoheo ? " "No tarry. Bult-but--" "But-- what ? " lo asired impatiently. " Well, I thinlr," she answered, nearly broeling down at every word; "I think perhaps that when one is foeling unstrung and woalr, ihe is a little too full of lifo--too off-handed porhlap. " Too full of life l lUpn my word, you speak of hims na if he wore a great rough shaggy Newfoundland dog I - Why, .Blanche, I've noticed particularly that Tom's manner to you since we've booii hero and lie line coon that you're not well, hles boon more tender and gentle than any woman's couhl have boon." She know it well. She know that there never hae'/, boon a word of his that had seemed to her out of season ; not a tone of Isvoice but what lied ahlvays sounded soft and sweet ill Ihr oars, and iii o oil; lnow that unless she took a sudden leap in the opposite extroo?, her foclings would carry her away fir tho nietneiit, nud there would be a broankdown. "i Well, I don't care for him much now; and I don't see why I sthould ilwtays be troubliniig nysel f toi be polite to hinhi.l' Sheo esninaged to got theoe wuords oet somehow; hut they netrly €lioLkd tier, and thin tone of lir owvnu voice is clhi tittered them janrred strangely and ha'rshly upon her. Mioulntossiuig rose impatiently yto iis foet. " Vell, looh horve, Ill nns: if you can give the sold shoulder to a friend f, .1 can't; and I'll tell you wliiit, I've iletermniinetl upotn gineg for a wnoek'a cirinitt, and ].'c y askeld Toni to iiatlOlUnpaiy el ; so yoi'll have to do your thost to einrlquior this rolp\ugsutoee ; or at nil eventi I hope you'll hiavo the good breod ilg not to show it whilo hit's our gueot.'' So saying, Mountnouaoing turned on hii heel aInd paiettd the delc1 furiously. HeTr brother's wrath wae only a hlashi in ii Lt ?oh[ ]uitre, llallih," hle said to her, nfter a fuw tiarne, " I didn't monin to speak roughly or uttlktntdly to you, undsu I wvis a brutc to mnahui you iry. lntt really : cehldn't help etatiidirng tip warmly for an old fricend. I lavo asked Tout, and iBranton, and young exovor to come with us, and if it's distasteful to you, I'm very sorry; but I can't well put.them off now, so you'll make the best of it, won't you?" "Pray 'don't think e,. wayward or sol fiah, Harry; but can't you postpone the trip ? I don't feel getting any better here. I think I'll go back to Pane at once. Then you oan do just as you lilke, Harry deer. B3ut do put them off for the present ?" "But why, Blanche, why? Surely you yourself must see what an unreasonablo re quest it is for you to make." "No, it's not, Harry. I have reasons." "Well, what are they ?" " Why, in the first place, I don't think .ane would like it. He's so particular, and-" "Pane be ---" commenced the young man, with considerable warmth. "Hush, Harry I You don't understand these things." "You're perfectly right, I don't, and I'll eat my hat ifI ever will. Not like it! Not liko his wife to associato in a friendly way with three gentlemenin company with her own mother and brother! The idea is proe posterous, Blanche, and it's absurd and ridiculous of you to humour these nonsensi cal notions of his." "Well, please don't enter into the ques tion, Harry. You'll promise me, though, won't you ? " "No. I don't see why, if you choose to make a. fool of yourself in. obedionoe to Pane's whim, I should aid and abet you." " Harry, promise me I " There was something in her pleading tones that made her brother, though with rather an ill grace and with many muttered' imprecations. on PFane's head, at last accede to her'roquost, and before they parted he not only promised this, but also agreed that they should leave Gibraltar for good in two days' time. He made one stipulation, how ever, and that was that Tom and his two friends should be asked to dine on the fol lowing evening, their last at Gibraltar. The next morning at an early hour Mlount neasing went up to the barracks to withdraw thle invitation of the previous evening, and announce thle Larkspur's speedy departure, ascribing both to his sister's delicate health. Any awkwardness he might have felt in the former task was at once put to flight by Tom, with his usual heartiness and innate taot, and the throe friends, afteo expressing their sympathy for the cause of the sudden chango in the arrangements, readily aodoptod the invitation to dinner. That night, at about the same hour that on the previous one Blanche and her brother had held their colloquy, the deok of the Larkspur was again the soene of rather an important passage in our story. Lady Mlountoessing and Blanche had re tired some time previously, and the young host, with Tom, Brunton, and Kit Trevor, sat smoking and talking. The night was very still, and as the yacht lay quietly on the bosom of the ocean, there was only just enough motion in her to keep them deloci ously conscious of being afloat on thie cool sea, instead of gasping on shore amongst the mosquitoes. Under this. soothing influenoe, combinod with the equally soothing one of tobacco, convorsantion was carried on in a lacy, dreamy soet of way. Mountnessing and 3runton talked together, while Tom and Kit Trovor, in low terms, conversed, as they often did, on the subject of Olonnoll's disap pearance. The poor follow had not been given up or forgotten by his friends. Their efforts to trace him had never ceased, and were still boing suade; but not the slightos clue had hitherto rewarded their exertions. "I say, Mlountnecsinsg, who's that fellow you've got on board with a red shirt and a cut-throat kind of a faoe ?" naked Tom, ap'ropos of suddenly catching eight of the in dividual in question, lounging about in the fore part of the little vessel. 0, he's a follow I picked up at Naples. Two or three of my men got knocked over with the fever there, and I had to leave them in hospital; and as wo were rather short of hands, I shipped a conple from there, and this is one of them. Ho is a mongrol sort of a brood-a oroas betweon an Italian, a Groek, and a Oorfioto. However, they'ro a sortthat mako protty good sailors, exopt that in a squall-and we came in for one or two snorters on our way hero --they'ro rather given to going down on their marrow boses, when you're on your boiam eslde, and promising candles to the Virgin Mary, in stead of reefing or going aloft." " He's always looking at me," said Tom, "in a queer sort of way whenever I'm on board, from under thsoso shaggy eyebrows of Iis, as if he wished to say something to me, and didn't Iknow how to begin. I can't make the follow out. What's his name?" Sran5esoo," replied Mountnossing. "I dont't know any more abouttho beggar then what I've told you. I dare say le's an uin mitigated scoundrel-Iso loous like it--but le's a useful enough hand, when he can eoop from liis oandlos; and my chief says Ili's a bit of a cook too. .uo's ooivortod lalf the crow into is sort of 1azzar'o'si, and raiikes snaoohoroni for tlsons, Tallilng of that sort of thing, lot's go'down and have some grilledl boaioe. It's isbout two o'ooolr." " I enhsa't go down," said Tom. "I see flint follow for'ard, I tlinlc." "Yes, that's him. Weo'vo only one man on the lheel-out in hIrbour, iand I 55nppooo it's lila turns to-night. Well, if yoe won't omono down, Tom, you won't 1 suppose. Or perhaps you'll follow so aftoeryou'vo wormlod thh dreadful sooret oUt iif tis fillow." , I'orlia ,, ' nid Toiiol. i h ]IgIlt I'm dotsr. niinod L'll givo hlilni a ohinaiee if lo's got anything to slay, isf saying it.' An coon as thi otliera had sioscended, Tom strolled " fos',rd " and loaned over the bul warke. The mali cast Ia few furtive glances at him, and i clenred hlii, throat several times. '.',,n oitind the, [:Aliiiit nsd thio pri,pnira tory rouglghs, ancil wiitoel. At list the man approached olosor, and I Isiavo hoard your name before, aignor," " You ?" " I wiohl nshoal to your excellency." "Well, goe o."' Thell snas toisintes riii meuctaishie, pulleld Isis hsearui, rinapled IsisJ fisozy hanir up, ansi seemed at a loshs to Ikniow how to Isegin. ":I have 1ud strangeo thiingsi happen to me, eigsnor," at last hlo ensss. T'Joml Legami to thhIIIlr thatC perhlaps sifter ii~ll the ninar beisigr a foreigmisir felt sltranlge nsiii lonsly with the rough E!nuglish oroewr, and wise only sanxious to talk a little to someo Oslo wh(i w¢ouldn't eus'no hire or laugh at him, so he siid, Insdly-. "Yes, andhow did you manage topiok up so much English ?" "Alh, signor, I sailed many times in the yatchts with the English officers when they wero at orfu. Those were the times when one could get a living honestly." "Well, you're earning your bread, or rather your esooldwroni, in much the same way now, aren't you I" said Tom. "Yes, now I am, signor; but a short time ago-your excellency won't betray me ?" "No, go on." "Throe months ago, signor, I was not earning my living so honestly as this. I was one of a band of robbers up in the Albanian mountains." "A neat article; I should have thought as much from the look of you," soliloquized Tom. "Well?" "' Well, signor, I ran away from them." "Didn't approve of the mode of lifo, eh ?" "No, signor, and I was afraid for my lifo of the old chief, who could see right through a man, I believe, and know what he was thinlcing about; and lie always seemed to know I wasn't regularly one of them. About three months before 1 left, signor, some of the band brought in an Englishman one evening a prisoner. But the chief seemed to know him, and treated him as a friend in stead of a prisoner, and they sat up half the night talking and drinking whisky, and I hleard a few words every now and then, but I couldn't cateh much, except that they were plotting to got another Englishman there, for which the stranger was to pay something to the chief. Well, a few nights afterwards a young Englishman was brought in, dead, as I thought at first. He was slung on a pole, and carried on two men's shoulders. hIis feet were torn and cut, and his clothcs were all bloody from the pricks of their yataghans, which they had used to make him go on when he had tumbled down or fainted on the road-" "Great Gaod! it was Fred lonnelll I know it was i" oxolaimed Tom, seizing the man with a grip that terrified him, and made him mentally promise twelve candles on the spot. "Go on I " said <Tom, re laxing .his hold, and recovering his self possession. "No harm will come to me, your oxcel lency? " whined 'Francesco. " No, no, go on I " said Tom, impatiently. "Yes, signor, his name was Olonnoll. ieo was flung down, signor, like a dead pig just at the entranco of the cave,' where it was cold and damp, and after a few min utes he became sensible. Ho looked as if he had had the fever strong on him, for he was as thin as a skeleton and so white. I thought that what between the fever and the pricks of the yataghans there was no blood soft in him at all until the chief came up and laughed and spat in his face ; and thoc,. signor, it came with: a rush into his oheoles, and fire seemed to come out of his eyes, and he tried to move his hands, but they wore tied too tight; and the chief laughed again and said, ' nh, it's lucky your eyes aren't yataghlans, or they would he through me.' " T-he muscles of Tom's face worked and his eyes flashed, as poor Fred Olonnoll's must lave done, as he hoard of the brutal insult. "Poor Fred I" le said, " they couldn't crush your spirit out, although they tied and bound you; hut we'll wipe that insult out before we're much older. Go on I " he con tinued, fiercely. Franeesoo started at the tones, mentally promised a few more candles, and was about to resume. S1 tay," said Tom. " Do you ksuow the name of the Englishman, if heo could have been one, who plotted with the old robber ?" "'ifolstono,' I hoard him say it was, signor, when he was first brought before the chief. 'Don't you recollect me?' he said; 'I'm Consul Holstonoe' son.' " " Holstouo--Helstone-tho very name i I had forgotten it. I see it all now. 'And what bicame of him, do you know VI" " He wont away a short time before the young Englishman was brought in, togethro with one of the band; but I don't know whore he went to, signer." " Accounts will have to be settled with him wherever he is," said Tom, with his tooth set. "Go on about the other." "Ho was loft all night on the damp ground, and I pitied him, signor, for I tid sailed with English ofntlre ,ind they always treated me kimidly; and w'hon every one was asleep in the cave I toonk some whisky and water and washed his lips, and poured a little down his throat-- ?" Tom here nodded approvingly on Frain cosco, which had such a reassuring effect on him that lie at once mentally retracted his pIromises of thoe enadles, and laIunched out into euch a highly-coloured and long-winded description of his own many acts oh bonoeb lonce towatrds the captive that Tom was obliged to get lit onoe to the real state of rallire by a series of questions. H low long is it since you left V" "About throe months, signor." "He was alive then ? " "I Yes, signuor." ")o you think it probabile, firom what you saw of him thon, that lie's alive now V " "Y?,r your excellency; for if the troat ment he got when I wee there did not kill him, nothing but stool or leiud wouhl do it: I heard, too, the chief promise the other E,?nglishman that there abould be no vloi leiico."' " Could you guido me to the plnaocP" F'ranceeco fumbled, muttorod, croecod him cclt; nud offered no rel,ly. ".Look horo, my fiienid, you'll have to guilio tus to thi ie w115 ichuetlier you like it or iiet, lio i'i idviill yliul to do it willingly." '* ShiarlI:t Ihe rewarded, uiguor?" " Plri I " o?jacuhlted Toui with dieusnt, Y'.Y5, whiein ou) geido 1n to this )1lao. ilow diii yul k1now eovytl ing, about ma V " I told fSigieor Ohclclioel I wa' I:"illg to ha~ke' ny oiinsiel,, n101 Ilie wrote youtr I1na1101 diown on ai 1,i1c(1 of' liiori, And F;r dtirco pulled out of hliis pocket a dingy iioiapll eit Ilrlipor, oni which wan iornwlol Tonll'l nellilil loln iudtalroeo in ,feeblo diihiuky clllaraltorel. '"lie 111(ld I[ watlu to write to you and toll you abtot hiln if :l got lwaly." " And why dihli't you V'' said Tom with a Therm, in hi e oy ad. l~lcllorwll Wal llo arnfwer, "r Wy dlidi't you, I naiy ?" repetled Teom iln ( iiro l' anil tiito tlhiat ailloweod of iio ova dlon or illliterfufgl i .l~lioillll I 1 Wn1111 nihraid, yollr excelloney," inuzuih~lori thilrrt' 't~ihtcd 1"raneeeeao, "I thiit If i1 liiinil a~iythihiig iliu1i1t it :I. ,IUiId l have to do wvhiuut yoei'ro g(iillg to iliiike me i d niw...-. guide you to the curseiod plaoo. 0, holy Maria 1 my lifo won't be worth a wax taper." Tom's lip ourled. "If you could oscape yourself, why oouldn't you have assisted him to do the same 7P" "B3ooause, signor, Ihe was watched. I wasn't. And besides he couldn't have crawled a yard he was so ill and weak, and he used to do nothing but oough all night." "Poor Fred! We may be too Into after all," said Tom, as he turned contemptuously from his informant, end walking aft des oended to the cabin. "Kit, I've got some strange news. I've found out where Prod Clonnoll is." Kit Treor jumped from his seat and ex claimed, "Good God i Where? " Tom told all that he had just lesroed, and concluded his relation with "isn't it queer ? I know that follow had something to tollme. I say, Mountnoesing, I wish you would have him watched or he may give us the slip, for he is in a mortal funk of going to this place. flow provoking I The mail passed through for ?anlta this very day." Tom then put on his considoring cap, and all remained silent. Mhountnossing running over in his mind those arguments. "I cer tainly did promise Blanche, and a promiso ought to be kept; but circumstances alter cases, as it is now, df a life being in one scale and a more crotchet of a jealous brain in the othei), why it would be much worse to keep the promise than to break it. The yacht is the only thing, and I know that's what Tom and the others think, but don't like to say after my putting them off as I did." "T toll you what," he then said aloud, " myself, my yacht, and my crew are quite at your disposal. We need not say anything about our object to my mother and sister. We can put in at ]3rindisi, just opposite to the Albanian coast, and telegraph at once from hero to Veroker to moot them there and take them home overland." "It's just the very thing, my dear fol low," replied'Tom. "There's nothing like being independent, and we could be so only with a yacht. We'll take the law into our hands, and Iwo four, with some of your crew, well armed, will be a match for these scoun drels." "You fellows will have to see about your leave, then, pretty sharp," said Mfountness ing. " 0, Lot Tom manage that! ""said Brun ton. "The chief and the old' general will do anything for him." "I'll do my best, and now the sooner we get up to barracks and make our arrange monts, the better," said Tom,' and'the party at once broke up. The next morning Blanche was up, be times, and' on dock. "'Goad morning, Blanche. Why are you up es early ?" asked her brother with a little awkwardness in his manner, as if he felt himself rather a traitor. "I wanted' to finish this letter to Fane, flhrry, Will you send iomo, oae, ashore with it to be posted at onco, pleaseo" she asked, holding out an encyclopedic sort of digest of'the previous day's prooeodlngs. "All right; I say, Blanche, Tom Bullk ley and thoso-other follows are coming with us, after all." "(Coming with us I And you promised, Harry ?" " Yes, I know I did. But, under the oir oumetanoos, I was quite justified in breaking my promise. And, after all, Blanche, it really was too nonsensical a thing to stick to." "And 'you really mean that they are to go, Hiarry ?" she asked roproachfully. Yes, of course, Blanoho! And don't, for goodness' sake, mnake such a fuss over a trifle. We'll telegraph from hero to Fane, and he can moot you both at Brindisi--wo are going up thie Adriatic--and take you home. There now, do make the best of it." " Is your mind made up, Harry ?" "( Ye0." " Well, so is mine. I shall land here be ford you go. Mamma will stay with'mo if I bog her to, I'm sure, and ]n 'can eome hemo and fetch us." MXountnossing ldid ovorything in his powor to dissuado her from this stop; but nothing could move her. 11r mother added her' ontroatios to his, but without success; and at last it was arranged that the two ladies wore to land and romain at the hotel until Fnno, summoned by telegraph, should ar ,,ive to escort thorm homo to England. As Illountnossing wislicd his sister "g'od by," he could iiot boar to thiinlc that she should imagine him capable of wilfully and and wantonly breaking his promise; and at last lie confided to her that they had hoard nows of lonnoll, and that it was to recover him they were going. lantor in thie day the L'arkspur spread hlir snow-whlte wings to the afternoon breeze blowing off the 11ook, and was soon out of sight onlhor errand of' morcy. OItA1i'iTali XXXV. Swiftly over .the deep blue waters of the lovoly nalcnd soe bounded the Larkspur, as if aware of the urgent sorvloce sho was on, hoe' was strainiing every timber to carry promptly to the rcsouo those braveohoarts, heating high with hope and eagerness for aiction. So propitious wore thel olomonls that on the twolflih day aftor leaving Gihrsltar, in the first blush of the siimiieir iiioruiiog, the gallaint little vocaol irolml~ol her ainohor ciff the ei1ualld Aihb;iari tciwii, throwinrg her [iejooty's vios- cauioul iuto the stens state of fluster as weheii som ontoh l ioforo Lsonard Iolhtono, bouiid en u VOI'y different mission, had nmdiho Ii il)l poaranllo there. There wai5n Uo n Lnioti J~iiih flying it first from tlie old lioeut lh salril'. The cmloouil uuardcd the hlo)or of his flag oven mrOre salonlily thiiiii his ()unutry oxpeoiedl of hiiui so jealously, iu tnut, thlit lie took it to botl with hih iii.,orom lid hiur mii no ie to Iho imnlpreaed with its girindieur us it flhiuiitodl ihu tis ibricez, so it iiitl late)ly biooi tloilhig illily iiil tlihe eiOiisi, )lilll tei la , aln Iarrllllu gsuiis whlush g.lave thiat ofthoi al hi le ciisi hieroil, u ghost ly ahiplarnineit of lyhi iii iital:o. Not loniiig hiowovor utter the ]'mrltAukepr iliiiorii, it rov()rl~to to itll I,ropecr ptrrition, a~nd Ipro lahii-r'cd withii tatterel Ilh tteri.ugh the lirorlhiclii of her iijoiit y's i prolsriiti, ttie o. ', hiiii nuitlitlom dlurouit itr iou wiis iit meo ioiimdid to liy oir pii'ly., iii Toni, 'i h liii \SIOh eonmruialor-ii-nluhiol of the oxped itioie, hiiid dceiihtl illen1 iot, wiiiitilig a iiciliiiint. I [o kntorv wiill onil,iiihi the eiintuiii oft s~uch at ,liacii eouhlu utlloril ii) niiteriiil ellisistamisoe, IiiU eni the ootitram'y wouhil liie iuioro likely with ehhll chl '' "hiuiiiniug iiid hiawiiu" '' to liii a, hiin drauou to tite ninudortakhiigt ; oven if liii did not ,ct Ids veto ou it altogether; whicihl however woulil have boon of course totally dlsrogarded. 1hebo boet phm v was to ett'lko promptly and sharply, and the only way to oarry this out was to be" independent of ,everybody but themselves. Their number amounted to twelve, includ ing Francosoo the guide. There were four of themselves and seven of the yacht's crew, staunch, stalwart fellows, delighted with tho' service before them, and eager for the fray. Of course they would be outnumbered, the strength of the band being estimated by Franesco at about thirty-five; but this numerical inferiority would be more than • counterbalanced by the superiority of their pluclr, physique, and armament. The banditi wore armed only with match looks, old-fashioned pistols, and daggers; while the little party bristled with broeoch loading rifles, revolvers, and cutlasses, Tom also calculated that if he pushed on to the spot with all possible speed, it was improba ble that the whole of the band would be concentrated in time to oppose them, as a portion were cortain to be absent on some marauding expedition. Without a moment's loss of time they landed at a part of the bay most remote from the town, and pushed on briskly under the guidance of Francosco, who led the way in fear and trembling. At each step he piro mised 'a single candle, but at any unusual rustle or sound the number ran up to fabu lous amounts. In this way they proceeded without encountering any obstacle or adven tures for about four miles, and then they halted for their frugal breakfast; after which the pushed on as before. Not a human being or living thing did they see; but now and then they could hoar the crashing in some ndjacont oovort of a wild boar as he spiod furiiouely from them, or the hissing of a snake as it glided away at their approach. At about midday the sun struck' so fiercely on the barren hill-sides, up and down which they had to travel in a wearying succession of assents and declivities, that they were obliged, as soon as they could find a spot sheltered from the rays, to cryh?hlt., They wore all more or loss by this time thoroughly fatigued. The heat, for the last few hours, had boon intense, and they, were all heavily laden, each one carrying two days' provisions as well as his arms and ammunition. It was no use, Tom thought--and very properly too-taking it too much out of themselves, and perhaps finding that when the toughest work was before them they would be least fit for it. A short council of war was held, and it was determined that they should stay where they were until the sunrdescended low, and then proceed in the cool of the evening-an arrangement which wouid possess the additional advantage of affording them, under the cover of darkness, more chance of taking the banditi by sur prise. Francesoo had some doubts of his ability to find his road in the darir, but these kept to himself. Indeed, lie was the last person to have thrown any obstacles in. the way, of , this plan, for it commended itself strongly to, him by reason of its being a much safer one to himself than the original.r Hi cnnjeoe tured, and rightly so, that in the dark there would be less chanoo of his being roognie~d by any of his former assaoiates, and he would also be able in case of any fighting to lkeep well out of the way after having concluded his duties as guide. The sailors too were nothing loth to hav ing a few hours' rest. They had hardly got their shore-logs yet, and fbr the last few miles had been rolling about in even a hyper-nautical manner. After attending to the wants of the inner man, they lounged and lay about, some smoking, some sleop ing, and some chewing their quids with that gentle oeataoy 'which only a nautical palate can know ; whilo, a little apart from them, sat Tom, Mountnossing, Kit Trovor, and Brunton discussing the plan of operations, also with the assistance of tobacco, which is after all a very material aid to discussion, and is frequently at the root of a sapient remark which, but'for its mystic iufluonoo, might have lain dormant for over. "Isn't it strange, Tom, to think that we're only within a'fow miles of Frod Olonnol ? I oan hardly believe it." "Y'es; and what's moro, I hope, KIZit, those few miles won't bo between nis much longer. We've got our work out out fur us, though. Francosco says those scoundroel havn half-a dozen hiding-placbe amongst' theso moun tains, but if they lied fifty' we'd find him. Mly mind's made up-I shan't return without Frod honnoll, it ho's ii the land of the living; or if they've mourdorod him, or Icilled him by bal treatment, without aveng ing his deantl. I'm not a revengeful sort of a beggar," oontinuod Ton,, a hard stornnos cropping tip through his usual easy-going manner, "tbut 'an eye for an eye' is the principlo I shall go upon on thio ocansion." This sentiment was very much 0l1)ppliudod by Tom's throe friends, and they one and all pledged themselves in energetic terms to stioc to him through thick 01(d tthin. In this way, sleeping, convorting, and smolcing, thoy p)al~ol the time until four o'elocl, when the oiun hiad loot como of ito power. Jllet at thlic time, toll a refreshing Ibrooeze canen twooping, down the Adlriatie towards them, ndtl with renewed lito and vigor theo talinoili little party gathered up its wolipioiio nuli ilointilietld iti nllrtcli, ]ly suneot t(hey hdid \wol ed ab~out ten nilner naore, Ii? tbhou thern ewas another short root. '.'tho twilight woe of short duhration, i?n(l thlie hianloe of evening now qaliclily ollodoil ili aroli0(l1 the mI, f'oomi after ttiie ]?raneoe!ro'a (c|lilitounlsnnlel i i'hiili, Oil a rule, there wad noro ulmr oningli, tthanintlltOli gonco, IelgilIi| to wea(('r (i' ( x(iri ( lioli totally Juhilooolt of eithir i one or the other. ZFor a little while lon|gor lie led the w'y, looking hel ploelu y id in ti, and tiet a at loot lie con foseeel, wcitl!i iunol trolpidation, that lie 'wan at t'ult, and couhl guido tlorn no lonigor Th~is wooe ii oruch ~ing, nnneillieoment, iind wohile it brouglht the elitirel Ilrtv to i Inont. diepi'iting ettaidotiil , it aim" hireiighit dlown UlInli .trtn'lr lsotie ' malted Iioad It t'o ,oeltO vor, bhlosing anid termis of eiidolarlu~loct frotm the |lailoreh TLhey hlniampnod to be niiw ii a deep gnlly wlohre it wo, Iii lloli darllor tlhaii 011 the hliugher gIl YiiH, ainil Toni iltlggmttotld thit lit hil eveii t they lll(liouhl ilolkl for thli enollinnit If thet llnix; lill, Ironi which, ltrlilto, Fsr'aneosro milg?ht (liy tint il(c( fatnilia'r handilu(ltrhr which woiiiuhl jo., Ii il ienoliloriy. \Vithi tlli | oljo(lt i I villl they oliirgeil froei the glooii ofl' bth rlIVill', n111 'vcre ellhiiiblrinl~l? l the hillh within Im shert dhistanice Iou~rt itll numltllll , whenI |t (lin(lie rlttstli |? tic, thealo iill 0i ttio (luli vive, III |iitroher cuoiiietn is hihtr(}l Icl||l ltiol~lg Il}g, of thin A bllliianl breet, sau e quikldy iltto view oil the brow of the hill, his wolf-like form looming big in the dusk, and cut out sharply against the sky line. As he passed them at only a few yards' distance, he put on a spurt and showed his fangs savagely, as much as to say it was want of time, not of inclination, that pro vented him from making more use of them. " Chico, Chico!" yelled out Francesco; but the dog only answered with a growl, and sped on all the faster. Francoeoo carried a gun loaded with slug, which he instantly brought to his shoulder, and in one fell moment Chico's career was arrested. The dog, who one second had been going so swiftly and strongly, in the next rolled over with a howl of agony, and lay panting on his side with one of his hind lags shattered and hanging uselessly. "'WVhat the deuce made you do that?" roared Tom, whose sympathies were always with the brute creation, and whose indig nation was aroused to the utmost hy what looked very much like a piece of wanton and cold-blooded cruelty, as well as an act of reckless fool-hardiness in proolaiming their presence to whomsoever it might concern, by the report which wont echoing among the bills far away. ",No, signor, it's all right. That dog was taking a warning to them that would have made them all ready for us. I know him well. His name's Ohico. li was taking a message from some of the band on the look out to the chief. Just look at the piece of paper tied round his neck, signor i " The group closed round Chico, who snarled and made several futile attempts to resume his journey. "Now, signor," said Franceso, with a proud consciousness of regaining publio con fldenco, which had boon terribly shaken. " I'll soon toll you what the look- out have told about us. Chics ! poor Chios, then. He knows mo well, signor. I've givon him many a scrap. Now, signor, look I" So saying, he approached close to the dog with the intention of taking the piece of paper which was tied round his noek; but as he stooped down for that purpose, having previously given a self-satisfied little nod to the group, Chieo's jaws suddenly opened and closed with a sharp snap witlhin halfan-inch of his tarry fingers, upon which Francesoo almost turned a back somersault and, pitoh ing on some loose stones, rolled several yards down the hill, his other barrel going off in theaot. LIt was impossible to repress a laughs all round attheir guido's disoomfiture, and Chico, taking advantage of the temporary diversion from himself, got up, wimpering in his agony, and dragged himself on. Heo bad not got many yards when the group were up with him again. "Anyhow," said Tom, " we'll put the poor faithful brute out of his agony." "No, no, signor! ' said Francesoo. "I can't guide you now it's dark, but he can. lie can only go slowly now, and we can keep up with him. He'll take us to wherever they are." Tom's nature at first revolted against such a measure. The brute creation, of all species and kInds, "that he had ever come across, Lhad always been friends of his, and the ,sight of the dog struggling on in his agony appealed touohingly to him. But there was something precious in the halanco which outwioghod these considerations for poor Ohion--Frod Olonnoll's lifo, which might depend on their roaching their destination within the next few hours. So Tom re luctantly determined to follow Franoosoo's advice. "Iu any case we'll do all we can for you, my poor fellow," he said, patting Chico, who somehow did not this time snap at the hand that touched him; but lay on his side and whined plaintively. Tom took his handkershief and bound the shattered log with it as gently iand as well as lie could, and when hoehad fiished, before he got up he quietly took hold of the piece of paper round the dog's noclr. * Chios'did not try to bite, but he gave a low expressive growl. * "All right, my faithful old boy l" said Tom, "we won't rob you of your dospatches you guard so well. Now see if you can got on any botter." Chico got up and limped on rather more easily, followed by the party at a few yards' distance. On they went, slowly, certainly, but stillsuroly. Sometimes their unwilling guide would, with a bravo effort, break into a lame, feoble cantor, and then when ex hausted he would turn round and eve that it had been all in vain, and that he had not succeeded in shaking them off, he would snarl and gnash his teeth together as if his heart were bursting with rage and pain, and then go on again.. In this manner they continued on for a couple Soflhours. The night was now pitch darlr, so much so that they could not afford to lot Ohico got more than two or three yards siahead of them. lInt at times when lie, by a mighty effort, mauaged to put more than that distance between himself and his pore-. cutors, and suceceedod for a moment in veiling himself in tho night, some of the party, preseing oniwards rather too hastily, woulu suddenly find to their extreme agitation a snap like the click of machinery close to their legs. This darkness is a good f'riond to us now that we've found a guide who doesn't mind it, poor brute I li Kit?" said Tom in a whisper, for FUranceooo hlaidl tohl them tlht Lho thoulght they wore getting near the cave, and the party proceeded with the utmost caution, and when anybody hued anything to say lie said it in a whisper. "Poor old brute, yes! Never mind, Tom I" replied Kit Trovor. "It's all for Fred Clonnoll's good-it can't ho helped." '' Well, I hope the end will justify tho moans-I any, hush I did you notice the dog seemed to chunuigo his tine to a little sort of whimper of rooognition just thon? Fran 050R0 i" The party canmo to a stop, and FTranooeoo, Swho had boon higlngng a good deal in roar, came up in obodionoo to Tom'st sunmons. ra l)o you thinsk we're nour the place ? I fancy thiero's someone in front. i)td you : bear anything? " "3?Y'-yeaH, slnor,' rmeplied Frranoeoso, wVhoso teoth wovra rnittlinlg lk ccastrniiettu, nil hle pousred hii s ticurulloiui siotee isto TuOlul'sl oar. "'I thiss n wo in net be qluito sitna stow, signer. I thiisih, hnenhuai, sig:.nor, yms siiiglit find toile wuiy now without nue. i niot fimlghtonocl, iuilfflti'. It'u, time (1(1h(l i erilina mlly tooth c(hsatter. I asLOno ,get thie ilulse, silglnor, Isn thie Bistriits Insrlnlloui, int Isri Lramis hIeru, and I got iikn tisr ienioitinmouse in the nilghit ait, I thsink tl hould be botter, signor, if you were to give me a little outof your flask. No, signer, it's not fright, it's ague." W'mell, a little Dutch courage is better thtan none, I suppose," muttered Tom con temptuously, as le hoanded his flask. "Look hero," lie continued in a whisper, and draw. ing the party close around by a movement of his arms. "Have a look at your rifles and revolvers all of you. I believe those rascals are hanging about close, and we may want them at any moment." The words were hardly out of Tom' mouth when half-a-dozea pieces of blazing pine came whirling through the air in differ ent directions, lighting up with a lurid glare a small portion of the landscape around them. "Eztend yourselves! " shouted Tom, his voice half drowned by the reports of three matohlocks which went off in rapid suc cession immediately after the soooe had been lit up. "0, Santa Maria I " whined Francesco, " I'm shot, signor--I'm shot !" "IHold yer row, yer beggar!" said a great burly sailor, who in the sudden light had disooverod Franocsoo crouching down close to the ground in front of him, and had ad ministered a sharp kick to make him get up, produinng thereby a shochr to Fran esoo's frame whioh that individual, with the lively imagination of terror, attributed to a musket ball. The guide's fright was the only harm done, for luckily the bandit's bullets, instead of crashing and tearing through bone and fleeh, wont skimmering along harmlessly like Mr. Winkle's small shot on that memo rable first of Soptember-until they buried themselves in the bosom of mother earth. "ForrardI " screamed Tom, in true Leicesterehiro style, as he took the lead in the race of who should first close with the foe. Hard upon his heels followed KZit Trovor, ]3runton, and Mdonatnessing; while the sailors of more clumsy build and gait doubled up as well as they could. The only one who at all equalled Tom in fleetness of foot was Franoesco, but then it was in the opposite direction. "Forrardl Don't lot the beggars have time to load again," shouted Tom. - Notwithstanding the speed with which the Englishmen diminished the distance be tween themselves and the enemy, the litter would probably have ohad time to re-load before they had closed, and the chances are that this time the matchlocks would have been discharged with more deadly pre cision, and Tom, as being. the foremost and most conspicuous figure, would in all human probability have been the first to bite the dust; but just at those critical moments the firebrands flickered out, and darkness for once, instead of favouring, arrested a wicked deed. " Here's a go I " remarked commander-in chief Tom, " We were nearly up with them, too. I can hear them scuttling away in the dark like a lot of rats." "Lot's have a slap into 'em. Might pink a follow by chance, you know," said Reggy Brunton, raising his revolver, and with oharacteristio recklessness suiting the action tothe word. The flash offered a mark for the bandit's aim, which they were not slow in taking advantage of, and the report of Roeggy's pistol had not died away when half a dozen bullets came whistling about him in most disagreeable proximity. '" Hero, a few of you! Fire a volley into wheroyou saw those flashes I " saiul Tom. A number of the men obeyed, and a wild shriek of agony whioh rung out told them at all ovonts one bullet had found its billet. The fighting devil which lurks in the heart of every man was now thoroughly 'aroused, and they pressed onward eagerly. Their progress, however, was not in propor tion to their zeal. In the pitohy darkness they were constantly floundering and tumb liig over loose stones or stunted shrubs tind bushes until it seemed that, notwithstanding all their efforts, the foe, who knew the ground better, would get clear away from them, and all chance of following him right up to his stronghold be lost. Luckily, though, just at this time the moon peeped over the distant hills as if to see what was the meaning of all this noise in a spot where she was accustomed to look down upon nothing more exciting than .the dark shadowe east by herself, or a solitary traveller "seraggod" every now and titan. '5 Bravo I" exclaimod Tom. "Hero's her chaste ladyship going to give us the light of her countenanco just at the nick of time- though why she should be supposed to have the pull of the sun in chastity I can't make out, forT should think she sees a great many queerer sights than he does." " For instance, look at this," said Roggy, as he nearly stumbled over a white mass which lay huddled upon the ground. " It's the follow we bowled over, I sup pose," said K(it. "Poor beggar I " The corpse-- for life had fled weith the scream--was ,lresses in the Albanian fashion, but not after tie scanner of Albanians of fanoy-droec slhlls. Thore was no costly em broidfery in silver netl gold, no richly-colored clothes. Everytchiag nearly was made of the coarsest white cotton, fi'os the roeghly-om. broidleroel cap which still adhered tss tbe fuzzy head dlown to the gaiters, soiled and stain?d with many a trudge ever mountain and throughn mnrels. His liloeblood scill oozed from a wounul in his baek, and Isis voltmlnn nts white petticoats, roachin as far as Iris knees, were bodabbldcl withi blood whIioh flowed not from tie doath-svotind, bitt from hisl right hand, the four-finger of which had recently boon hacked ofi[' It only rvrjqsireul a few seconds' thought to explitn tlhs zitilation, It had evidontly hoen the scost expeditious way of extricating the matchlock from the death-stiffeoned grasp of the poor wreotch, to whom, however, a fecw fingers more or loss were then of but little 'i'hoe oly wss isalt of a small sparc man. l'Vis limbs were wiasted ned thin, iel tile small tinkles, whilh wore bsreo antd bogritnd wcitii dst, looknut inoan ant poor. It faot, siltogother it welia a pitiaible sight, ntutd there Wtsc not nets, coyn aulonsot tile rouaIh sluilore, in that frotupiv who wohi act tint fittest recal led, if his hass hooeu sthl, thalt rstindom eliot whiflch luls shoneu the aisioehtlsf. " ]'ntr little I,osl'tgarI lin oouihsl not linvn thone ist lns iss m h hiuiri if hiss huush lives!,''" ssid Tosis weiths is ehrtisi ,f lilt suhotshtlore, ',h'hsy uhf suit wcttstts issire thsass a fsew sitoisti over i hei tm hi tly sighs t, Ihit Ip, sssshss on foi' is sipo wcvhose tchisy hulllnd lss this irobnure, it thie firet fr'ictllly rsiys of telo scoon, ldi. sslslsoi' tutistish ia juroletic g isiastls of reolt ARs tlisy tlslirit'solsd thise, lusty gave it a widn bsreth osi thiohr liuslltu, co ia sn) to filsl tliohi. selves suddenly entrapped in some ambush. Arrived in line with the place, the coast ap. pnered all clar, and they followed the direo. tion taken by the brigands, no doubt con gratullating themselves upon just having' got out of sight before the moon rose to betray them. "I expect it's the way up to the cave, and we shnold never have twigged it if we had not caught sight of nearly the last fellow as he turned round. Theretseems to he a rego lar little foot- beaten path." (To be contlbncel.J, 