MISCELLANEOUS. A young woman, named Mary Partridge, of Rowley, recently took a dose of poison because a wedding bonnet was not made to her mind, and before medical assistance could be rendered she expired. The Jewish Chronicle has obtained from official sources figures which enable it to arrive at an approximate estimate of the number of Jews in Great Britain. The total number of interments in Jewish con gregations during 1875 was 1,230; of this total 956 interments took place in London. The annual rate of mortality among the general population of London is 24 per 1,000; and, assuming this to have been the death rate among the Jewish population of Great Britain, it is found that the approximate number of Jews in Great Britain is 51,250, and that .of this number 33,833 - reside in London. The Rev. Ghas. Clark Jnw proceeded to America, where his '"show" will doubtless prove a paying concern; and, lacking him, our carterers for public amusement will probably be put on the qui vive by the fol lowing announcement made by the Mel bourne correspondent of the Maryborough Advertiser, who, says:—" I learn from a private source that there is just a possibility of the celebrated Pere Hyacinthe visiting Melbourne. Nothing positive can be said at present, of course, but there is reason to expect a visit from this distinguished seceder from the ranks of the Catholic Infallibilists. In connection with this may be mentioned the fact that it is confidently stated in some circles that the Rev. Henry Ward Beeeher intends to take a trip to the colonies shortly, and it is believed to be a certainty that he will come out." What houses either of these two men would draw! |—Beeeher for choice, especially if accom pained by Tilton. There is, says the Pleasant Creek News, a singular little history connected with the station called Longwood, on the North Eastern line of railway. It seems that one of tb.e earliest settlers there was a passenger by a ship that put in at St. Helena for sup plies. Naturally, the tomb of Napoleon the Great was visited, and the weeping willow trees bending over it were noticed and admired. The.gentleman referred to cut off a few sprigs, and, at considerable trouble, conveyed them safely to Victoria. They were planted on some ground not far from the Longwood station, which, as well as the settlement around, owes its name to Napoleon's burial place in his island prison at St. Helena. The following description of & visit to Cooktowu is taken from a letter received by a gentleman in Melbourne:—" A stranger unacquainted with the many miseries of Cooktown, coming suddenly from the most! populated part of the diggings, would think that the day of resurrection had arrived, all the men looking so ghost- like and super natural. You cannot find a middle-con ditioned man on the diggings, all being so thin that their bones actually protrude through their skin; in fact, although 1 have been in the army and almost every country in the world, I never came across such wretched-looking people, nor ever lived in such a wretched country as that north of Queensland." A medical, gentleman practising in Mel bourne performed a successful operation lately on a wealthy Jew, and charged a fee so absurdly low that the patient felt himself bound iu conscience as well as gratitude to make it up in some other way. So he bought a. handsome and expensive piece of jewellery and sent it with his compliments to the doctor's wife; On the broach, amidst a flourish of precious stones, were the ini tials LH. S. Rather surprised at receiving such a present from such a man, the doctor asked his ex-patient the next time he met him if he knew the meaning of the letters. " Well I didn't at first," was the candid reply "but I asked the jeweller, and he told me that they stood for the maker's name." He didn't understand that the maker should have been spelt with a capital M.—" Atticus." A bank manager in England has been sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude. His defalcations amounted to about £80,000. Two cousins named Albert and William Manning, 12 and 13 years respectively, have been drowned in the'Hunter River, New South Wales, by the' capsizing of a boat. - - A somewhat peculiar ease is reported at Bendigo, in which a woman named Mar garet Scott was charged with throwing stones at her husband, who was lying drunk in Bridge street. She admitted the offence, and although it was shown that a drunken husband is neither a pleasant nor an elevating companion, nor are a woman's limits of suffering, temper, and sense of wrong unbounded, the Bench seemed to think that the husband was entitled to pro tection, and fined the woman £3, with the alternative of three months in gaol. Some commotion of a serio-comic charac ter was created at Portland last week when it was found that one Bob Grey, alias Brown, recently engaged to a Portland young lady, had been claimed by his wife, a hand some woman in the bloom of life, and carried to Melbourne before his bigamous scheme could bo put into execution. For some months past Grey, the Guardian says, has been employed as donkey-engine driver on the north jetty. Here this gay deceiver had a Hue opportunity of studying the youth and beauty of the town ; his choice was soon made, his court paid, and, after the custo mary lover's vows, a formal offer of marriage in writing was made and duly accepted. On Wednesday last the outraged wife, probably advised by some enemy in the Portland camp, arrived by the s. Julia Percy, and, after some inquiry, lighted upon her errant spouse. On the Wednesday night Grey hastened to his afiianced, and in answer to some inquiries, swore on the bible that the strange lady visitor was his sister. But the denouement occurred on the jetty on Thursday, in presence of the pallies so deeply interested in the case, and a number of gossips who had gathered to see the re sult. The wife, when charged with the relationship of sister, replied practically by the production of her marriage lines, and the affianced produced the written offer of marriage. Here was a dilemma which Brown solved by bolting from both, and, to ease his troubled conscience wound up by getting drunk, and in this state was smuggled on board the steamer and carried captive to Melbourne by his triumphant and plucky wife. The following curious incident is related by a Queensland paper:—" There is a small bird in this district, as in other parts of the colony, which lives, if not wholly, in a great measure upon bees. The insects know their enemy, and his appearance in the vicinity of the hive produces an evident panic throughout the community. We witnessed a novel fight the other day. One of these birds had taken up a position in a banana grove, from whence he issued occasionally. Flying swiftly past the door of the hive, he would each time secure a bee. At last bee nature could stand the insults no longer. A council of war was held, and it was de termined to attack the enemy and put him to flight or perish in the attempt. We pre sume this because a swarm of bees gathered and, evidently led by some plucky general, made for the banana-grove. The bird at first made light of the attack. He playfully annihilated a half-dozen or so of his enemies, but he found, no doubt to liis dis may, thai the other members of the host were in 110 way discouraged. They settled on his legs and head, and the excited man ner in which he picked them off showed that he felt the effects of their tiny spears. Then he opened his wings and with no little difficulty flew out of sight. When he dis appeared, however, he was literally covered with bees, and we have no doubt that his career thenceforth would be an exceedingly short one. Meanwhile the bees who had remained at home seemed in an unusually excited state, as if they thoroughly enjoyed the bulletins they received every minute from the seat of war." The St. Arnaud Mercury records the ap pearance of the grasshopper pest. It states that a selector, of Avon Plains, a few days ago pulled up several tufts of grass, when hundreds of these crop-destroying insects rolled out on every side. The same result followed on other portions of his land, and the above paper is of opinion that there are myriads of grasshoppers now in the district. Four sticks of sawn timber, each 134 feet long and 24 inches wide by 20 thick, have lately arrived in San Francisco from the Port Biakely saw-mill, Washington Terri tory. They are to be used in strengthening the ship Blue Jacket. They are the longest timbers ever sawn in Puget Sound, and pre sumably the longest ever sawn anywhere. A determined attempt at suicide was recently made at Tarraville, Gippsland. A young man named William Neagle having quarreled with his father, struck him, then went into the house, took some chloride of zinc, and afterwards cut his throat with a razor. Fortunately the wound was not deep enough, nor had there been sufficient power in the phial to cause death. A giant mushroom, of the common variety, grown at Yeumburra, on the Mur rmnbidgee, and which was one of a bed of sixteen, has been forwarded to the Yass Courier by Mr. Mi-. Henry Hall, J.P. It is of a fine color, and a perfect monster as to size and weight. Thirty hours after it was gathered it turned the scale at 20 oz., and the pileus measures 32 inches in errenm ference; it is, in fact, about the size of an ordinary dinner plate. In reference to the question, from which of the quadrumana did man originate, Pro fessor Haeckel, in his recent work " The History of Creation," gives his opinion that the human race is a small branch of the group of catarrMm, and has developed out j of long since extinct apes of this group in | the old world. And when on this subject he refers to Professor Huxley's remarks, which shows that man is, nearly as much as the ape, a four- footed animal 5 for various tribes of men, the Chinese boatmen, the Bengalee workmen, and the negroes when climbing, use the great toe in the same manner as the monkey, and therefore the possession of a single pair of hands is not to be looked upon as a characteristic of the human race. He also points out a fact, necessary to be observed by unscientific people, namely, that none of the man-like apes are to be regarded as the parent race, but that the ape-like progenitors of the human family are long since extinct. In concluding his work, Professor Ilaeckel re marks on the desire of some who are not actually opponents of the doctrine of de scent, " They wait," he says, " the sudden discovery of a human race with tails, or of a talking species of apes." But such mani festations, the author observes, would not furnish the proof desired; and unthinking persons would be provided with as satis factory (?) arguments as they nowadays ! employ in hurling their defiance against all who are evolutionists. A miner named Smith has died from the effects of a blow in a prize fight at Stan thorne, Queensland. Gentlemen who smoke allege that it makes them ftalni and complacent. They tell us that the more they fume the less they/rci. A return has been laid on the table of the House of Assembly showing the expenses occasioned by the accident at Peake's Cross ing on February 9, 1876. Prom this it appears that the wages of mechanics and others in dealing the iine amounted to £810 2s lOd; the sum of £617 2s 104 had to be paid for building a bridge; the repair of the embankment cost £16 4s; and the expense of repairing the rolling-stock—a work which is not yet completed—is estimated at £1,607 7s 7d. The total is £3,050 17s 3d.—Register. During his recent stay at Ischl the Emperor of Austria saved the child of a poor woman from a violent death. As he was passing through the Rettenback Gorges a boy of 4 years old fell over a precipice, and his clothes having caught on a projecting branch, was suspended over a torrent some fifty feet below. The Emperor, whose proficiency in all the athletic sports is well known, jumped across the precipice, freed the boy from his perilous position, and took him back to his mother. In a heavy storm of thunder and lightning which occurred on the 17 th iust. at Newcastle the residence of Mr. Hannell, Shipping - Master, was struck and damaged, and his son paralysed in one arm by the electric lluid. A New Zealand contemporary writes:— "We hear from Taupo that Mount Ton giriro is at the present time in a high state of activity, throwing stones for a distance of eight miles from the crater. All the springs and geysers are in full play, and some wonderful sights may be seen in this extraordinary region. A large number of visitors may be expected next summer, but it is probable that, so far as seeing the wonders of the place is concerned, a better time could not be chosen than the present. From the same locality we hear that a day or two ago a horse which was turned out loose near the hotel at Tupuaehararu, whilst straying about, fell through a thiu crust of earth into the boiling water beneath, and was killed in a few minutes." The Pleasant Creek News reports that a lamentable accident happened on Oct. 4, in the Crown Gross No. 2 claim, which has resulted in the death of one man. About seven o'clock two mates on the shift, named respectively Sergeant and John Williams, had charged a shot which they had been drilling; it missed fire, and they, foolishly, began to drill the hole afresh through the tamping. Whilst engaged in this suicidal act the charge was ignited, and an explosion occurred. Sergeant, it is thought, may recover, although his face is badly smashed and bruised, but Williams has since died. The latter seems to have caught the full force of the explosion, one leg being broken in two place?, and the ribs, skull, and face being frightfully injured. Egg Drying.—A large establishment has opened in St. Louis for drying eggs. It is in full operation, and hundreds of thou sands of dozens are going into its insatiable maw. The eggs are carefully handled by hand—that is examined by a light to ascer tain whether good or not—and then are thrown into an immense receptable, where they are broken, and by a centrifugal opera tion the white and yolk are separated from the shells very much as liquid Ironey is taken from the comb. The liquid is then dried by heat by a patent process, and the article is left resembling sugar, which is put in barrels, and is ready for transportation anywhere. This dried article has been taken twice across the equator in ships, and then made into omelet and compared with omelet made from fresh eggs in the same manner, and the best judges could not detect the difference between the two. Is not this an age of wonders? Milk made solid; cider made solid; apple butter made into bricks!—New York Rural Press. 