GENERAL NEWS. CHINESE CEREMONIES.—Our Chinese fellow- citizens were in a state of great excitement during the whole of Sunday (says the Ballarat Star), and up to about 3 a m this (Monday) morning. They believe that the souls of those Ohinese who have not died a natural death wander restlessly about, cold and hungry "seeking rest and finding none," so, once a year, a grand feast is made, and immense fires lit for their benefit, and that these spirits may be properly clad, clothes—something after the style of milliners' patterns—are out out of gilt paper, and are burnt, dissolving very appro- priately into thin air. On Sunday, notifi- cation of what was to be done for their benefit was given by the beating of gongs, drums, &o.;, to these restless spirits, and at about midnight, when they were supposed to be all present, a priest, named Che Ah. King, who lives at Haddon, commenced the religious ceremony by blessing the offsprings of the charitable. These consisted of dishes off rice, pork, &c.;, cooked, and laid in two rows, near the fires previously lit. Spiritual beverage, in the shape of gin, was emptied on the ground, and after the burning of the paper clothes, the rice and pork, of which the ghosts were sup- posed to have eaten, was distributed among the Chinese ragpickers, and beggars, none who could afford to stand upon ceremony deigning to touch it. The lepers from the ranges were present, but made their offerings at a respectful distance from the other Chinamen, and con- sumed at the close of the ceremony what they had brought themselves. On Saturday forenoon (says the Echo) the City Coroner held, at the Tontine Hotel, Mar- ket street, an inquest touching the cause of death of a child named John Andrew White, aged 4 years and 3 months. Margaret White deposed that she resided at 289, Clarence street, with her husband, who was a shoemaker ; de- ceased was her son ; about 7 o'clock on Wednes- day evening last she had occasion to leave the kitchen ; deceased was not then there, but witness's sister, aged 12 years, was ; there was a candle alight on the table, and a fire in the fire- place on the bars, boiling ; there was a colonial oven in the fireplace, and there were two pieces of wood on the oven, and projecting beyond it ; there was a stool between the table and the fireplace; there was a very narrow passage ; there was some sugar on the table ; she was only a few moments away ; from the kitchen, and as she got to the kitchen door on her return the deceased was standing on the stool, leaning across the table, with his hands towards the sugar ; her (witness's) sister was standing near the shelf in the kitchen ; de- ceased, on seeing witness, appeared to be frigh tened at what he was doing, and turned down faoing the fire and jumped off the stool ; on jumping off he seemed to fall face forwards, and his arms struck the projecting pieces of wood, and that caused the kettle to fall over him, and the boiling water poured across his shoulders, his back, and one arm, she screamed and picked him up, and ran into the front room with him, where her husband was at work ; her sister took him out of her arms and she sent for Dr Laure, who came and saw him, and dressed the scalds ; deceased died yesterday morning from the effects of the scalds. Maria Toohey, sister of the last witness, gave corrobo- rative evidence. Louis Laure, a legally quali- fied medical practitioner, said that death had resulted from shook to the system, consequent upon scalds. The jury found that death had been occasioned by scalds accidentally received. An intelligent foreigner, passing through the streets of Philadelphia, took out his note book at the end of a long walk, and made a little memo- randum to the effect that "eighty-nine per centum of the population of Philadelphia are members of the powerful family of roomstolet." 