SPIRITUAL WIVES. (From the Note York Times.) The depressed: state of tho manufac turing business is again illustrated by. the closing of wijnt "was generally supposed, to he a large and flourishing mr.uufactofy. The establishment of the Eddy Brothers, nt flint, tftwlon. Vrirmnnf. wliin.li fnp.mrifra than n yenr pust lias been running seven .days in a weok, aud turning' outn gliosis of cvrry variety, in lots to suit pur; chasers, has; suspended The proprietors have already left Vermont, and are now do tbeir way to Salt Lake1 Oity, where thev: promise to 'rcsumo business at ah early day. Their promise, however, L not generally huliovud, allhnugli thoy lire uuderstoodrto have .packed/a la'rge .iiuin- : hur .of .sBiqpl.t. ghoBtj iiv wafcnrproot' boxes, and; forwarded- them "to Utah, by! a fast freight line,; The genoruLexp.'annttou tjirir oondnct is tbat; their .buslncrs- has of Ipte proyed unprofitable,, and that .ihey intend to ahmdon it ahngsther;. Certninly, Salt Lake City presents no advantage lor' 'A niaiiiifncturing biisi ess which thV : Edd<s could not comumiid . at Chittenden, while, ou the other Imnd, Urighum Young' chiims a monopoly of communication With the spirit world, aud would hardly, wel come the arrival 6/ uu: opposition 'firm. ' . .. Therojs, however, «>cn explanation of tht conduct of the "Eddy"Brotbers;whiehj-'— ' is' not altogether incredible, . and, which,,, henco deserves mention, flntll recently,' BrighamlYoung has devoted bis life, to.tne. «:. work ot setting an example of polygamy toj1 his devout followers. ,. Of' course he' hai'"17 ' / /suffered, but he. has borne his Bufferings !a ': 'v1'1 nience. . 1 As one by one his' locks of -' hair ; !! ) departed/lie has : gone through the empty !; , M form ot huyingbottlcs'of hair / restorative, ;i;i ,,f aud bus never.oncc mentioned the .dnmeetiet , . f,. /arguments , which were the, rcuL sourcc ,.of » ; its sudden uuu repsqtcd haldncss.'' /Wheaj;;..' the avenging, broomstick, smote' hlm nn the bead, ue simply ' siiigbt the con solatiotis' of arnica,' and piously cold >. his apostles that the contusions on :i bis soslp were boils, A less deter- -. mined martyr, would not have been staldcd !r ;> for merely, rcmarklng'that; he was ; unable; to buy twenty; Beven Indian, shawls 'all at, / once,, without resolving to prohibit polygamy; but. Mr (ioung' has al- ' ':' wajs accepted hot water as part of his: In evitable lotas the standard bearer ofpoly- ' gamy, and has magnanimously tola his attending physician that hi was. scalded by .,; ; the cat. - ... .. ; -p . . : ?; But, within a recent period, ,the Gentile courts have token the liberty of draggiag ' , ' the prophet's domestic difficulties to light,' a ill it, is now ussIcsb for him to pretend ' ; tint polggamy isa pleasure. 'Iu facthe'/Y;7/ has virtually udmittcd that-hls domestic >;' / life h<s bseu grievons ani< expensive, landr.. .!, ilthough he. does not ilccm it : honorable, to make ; any revelation oil 'the.subject , which would put such of his followers as . ' have adopted polygamy at bis rccomnien-' 1 dtttl'iu to any. inoonvenienoe, there is doubt that he would be glad to'get rid; of ' his wives, could he do so with credit to ..n himself, aud without infringing the law of bis church. - In- this frame of; inind, hu ; may have remembered - the. Eddy's patent ( . j; ghost?, and asked, himself whether , ha/.' -could not practise.. polygamy, cheaply. an'd's' /' safely by suhititiitiiig carefully/s material -1' 1 ised spirits for his present stook of wives.1 Thu.ghosts turned out at the (Jbittendea1' ; factory are, as is well known, manufao- , ). turcl iu any s'ylo that may bu dcsircd.lt is - openit ) Mr Young to order a set of wives rca-iy-niadc Fi)iritual clothing, and without'. broomstickB, hot water kettles, or any other 1 . wifdly weapons Their first cost would undonhtcdly he a Utile more than , tuat ot au ordinary earthly wife, but they' would cost absolutely nothing for food or cloth- iog; Mr Yuuug could doubtless., buy an.. ! . ; entire gross of assorted wives for the sum ' /, which he now annually expends for hon- ' ; nets and chowiug gum. So far as setting a",, holy example of doyout polygamy is con- /; . ccrued, these ghostly wives would be'quito" ! asmefulas the Prophet's present; family. ' ' Now, if.Brighaoi Young has made an offer to tlie EiMys ti come to Salfc Lako ' City and set up ther labor »tory in the J phophctioal mansion, it cun easily be under- stoo l whv they have ceased to". 'p'ro'diios 4 4 Aunt. Jane," " Uncle Parker/" '"Cousin''1.'1"' George, "and other- attractive spirits for the 5 benefit of Ghittcndcn amlicnceSi At Salt :: : ' Lake City no "objectionable sceptics will dure to investigate them. They will dwell 4 ; ' i'i Rjcurity ami such luxury as tueir regular salary will procure, and their only1' duties will " be to materialise wives when-';' ' ever the prophet har callers wh» .ask i;to » '' see n quantity of Airs Young. Tne more wcj think of this solution of tbc dosing of the Chittenden factory and tbe journey of/ J, tho Eddys to Utah, tlic! more probable docs it Beem. AVe need not fancy .tha the business ut Chittenden was' iinprnfiU able, or that ihe Eddys left Vermont in order, to avoid 'uny further ' investigations..'1 v A better ' field 'lias been thrown open to v -:'i them in Utah by the astute offer otv the '> w«ly prophet/ ancl they havo wisely ire- - solved to become Ghost/purveyors to his ' Excellency the Chief of Latter-day Saints. : > 