THE TURF. THE VICTORIA GOLD CUP DAY. By Beacon. : It ia a matter for congratulation with those who vied with each other in establish ing an amateur racing club that their efforts have been attended with such happy results. Such a decided success as that ire were witness to on Friday week should give tho committee of tho new club heart and courage to continue that work which they have bo ably begun ; and as 'the interest takon in! their proceeding is boat estimated by the number of the attendance, I cannot do better than point to those figures as one of the beat auguries of their future triumphs. In establishing a club for the cultivation of amateur horsemanship there arc many de torrent influences to be combated and ovcrcomp. One is tho innate boliof in the superiority of the professional element over that of tho amateur, aud the marked dis like of owners aud trainers to Bubject their cattlo to tho control and guidance of tho , less practised, and, aa they consider, inex j perionced rider ; whilo tho number of I amateurs who confess to some knowledge of j race riding, aud who are willing to risk ; tbeir necks over such countries as they are i called upon to nogotiato, is amaM, conse. ! quontly thero ia little choice and few to piok i from. These difficulties will in timo bo | ' met and overcome, when it is die. ? covered that there exists little, if any, difference in tho real morita of the profes sional or the amateur horseman. More horses will be entered for these races, and owners will have loss hesitation in entrusting their cattle to their hands. The future of this club depended very much upon tho in augural meeting ; weak fields, deficient riders, a slack attendance, would each and all have militated against its progress and continuation, but to none of these drawbacks was it subjected. For an opening or initatory meeting, tho fields may be considered to have been fairly represented, and as for riders, there were many on the ground revil ing their luck, which left them onlookers in place of being amongst the foremost in the battle. The receipts speak for themselves, and they showed a considerable increase of attendance over the last four years. Of course the Victoria Gold Cup was tho event of the day, round which all the interest was centred; and on the success of which every thing depended, and at one time as the one withdrawal was quickly followed by another erasure, the field wore an appearance far from promising, as for as the numerical strength of it was concerned. In the end six camo to the post, which I consider a very fair proportion of the entry for a first race of this class. We may look back to the past, and find more important races less ably pro vided. Look at our Derbies, which for yoars scarcely averaged five runners j two Cham pion Races only succeeded in enticing four horses to the post, and when our now famed Melbourne Cup was in its swaddling clothes, it was contented to accept seven horses as a full complement for the occasion. Our Steeplechase fields have never been large this season, if we. except the Spring race, which usually revels in its pre-eminence over tho rest of the year. Therefore I maintain that the fact of six horses coming to the- post should be considered the reverse of . dis couraging, and unsatisfactory. Amongst other things, it was extremely gratifying to witness the presence of so many ladies ; their patronage generally ensures a victory, while their approving smiles lend encouragement and enchantment to the sport, and provoke a worthy competition amongst the knights of the saddle. His Excellency the Governor, too, fortunately did not extend bis trip to the country of the lakes sufficiently long to cause his absence on the day to be a lamented fact, and if the weather lacked the fresh ness and pungency of the spring, it was far from being obstructive and disagreeable. For a long time past the road has not worn so gay or so brisk an appearance. The many and various vehicles defiled one after the other in true military precision, amongst them being somo well equipped fourin hands, which always animate the scene to or from a racecourse. A very recherche luncheon, provided by the club, was par taken of by something approaching a couple of hundred ladies and gentlemen, -which, coming as it did immediately after the Vic toria Cup had been won, furnished an- ad mirable opportunity for its presentation, which was made by Mrs. French, contem poraneously with a few well-chosen remarks made by his Excellency the Governor. The gratification and pleasure of winning tho trophy, added to the basbiulness and j modesty of the happy recipient, is sufficient excuse for its not calling forth any lengthy reply, though thero can be no questioning the fact that the thanks expressed were very earnest and truthful. It was gallantly fought for, and as gallantly won, and Mr. A. Chirnside, jun., deserves every praise for the excellent manner in which he rode his horse, and tho discretion and patience he ex hibited throughout the raoe. So far all had gouc on as merrily as tho village bells, and there seemed no prospect of anything occurring to mar a day which should have occupied a proud position in ; the history of the turf in this colony. When, however, we came to the Open Handicap Steeplechase, a change camo over the scene. Five horses started, among t them Postboy in Mr. E. Orr's name, and Adonis in that of Mr. N. Wilson's; Adonis was the only horse that stood up throughout I the race ; indeed, the others had all come to grief in very nearly the first round, Non sense only lasting to the paling fence, where he fell. This left Adonis with a loug lead, and he descended the hill alone iu a leisurely manner, Postboy having become the second horse. Ascending the hill on the far side of the course the latter caught the former, and they ran together until making the last turn, when Postboy went ahead and led over the last fence. Tho pair were then rattled along for about sixty yards, when tho jockey on Adonis ceased riding his horse, and Postboy ran home a winner by something like two lengths. On returning to scale to weigh in tho rider of Adouis wusTeceived with groans and hisses by that section of the lookers-on who maintained that he had not ridden his horse out, or intended to win, and on reach ing the saddling paddock expressions of displeasure found very free vent. Un fortuuatoly tho fact of the horses being entered in different owners' names and no declaration having been made thot Adonis would give way to Postboy, both were backed ; the former by the occupants of the paddock, aud the latter by the stable. In this unpleasant state of affairs it behoves me to say that I do not think that Adonis was ridden to win ; my reading of the race amounts to absolutely this. The stable, be lieving they could win with Postboy, backed him, never drenmlug that Adonis was as fit and well as he was, or that he had a ghost of a show of winning. But the circum stances of the raco left him with an un doubted and first-rate chance, which, instead of being taken advantage of, was sacrificed to the interest of his companion. The baokers of Adonis aro of course excessively WFath, and maintain that they have not re ceived fair treatment, in which opinion they are supported by many othora who watched tho race. The actual running of the day may be more briefly summed up, Gaffer Groy dis posing of Mark Twain aud Sir William Don witn tho utmost caao in the Hurdle Race. Tho Victoria Amatour Gold Cup wa9 as pretty a raoo aa one need coo. The riding wns admirable, and great praise ia duo to ] the half-dozen amnteura for tho way they ' brought their horaca home. Tho favorito Greystanea came in very lame, and it ia ' feared that the leg has given way, thorcfore his defeat may have been brought about by . this circumstance. Sheet Anchor was a groat thorn in his side throughout the race, and must have damaged his chance consider ably. Nimbook was most patiently nursed aad husbanded, and looked very much like winning after crossing the last fence, but Sailor nad too much foot for him at the finish, and wore him down in the run homo. Canary and Dutchman showed in good places in the early part of tho battle, though the latter early died away. . The little ches* nut, however, manfully held hiB own in the first round, jumping beautifully, though getting under his fences and rising a little .' too much iu tho air, by which he lost a quantity of ground. In-the Corinthian Flat Race four horses only started, Don Silva, a remarkably good-looking gelding by Prince William from Quickstep, making the entire running and winning cosily. The race was considered a good thing for Blink Bonny by.her stable, and she left the post at 7 to 4, whereas 5 to 1 was tho price of the winner. I was sorry to see Sheet Anchor pulled out for a second course after his nraiseworthy exertions in the Gold Cup ; and he resented it by balking. Postmaster felt very shortly after the start in the Open Steeplechase, and Nonsense both balked and fell, which is to be regretted, for had he gone straight and stood tip the present unpleasantness over the race might have been avoided. The Maiden Steeplechase waa not a very entertaining affair, leaving Hebrides an easy winner. Maurice also won the Amateur Hurdle Race, both his op ponents falling at the hurdles in the run home. Tho Ballarat Gift did not fill, a cir cumstance nobody regretted ? and all haBte was made to catch the 6.55 p.m. train, for which there was not too much time, though a great many remained at Ballarat until the following day. 