We have been requested to notify that on New Years' Day all post and telegraph offices will bo closed at 10 a.m. The first delivery only by letter-carrier will be effected. Mails will bo recoived and de spatched as usual. Telegraph offices will be open frcm 8.30 a.m. to 10 a.m., and from 6 P.in. to 7 p.m. The New Year festivities will be initiated to-morrow, the first day of the year 1870\. The chief attraction will bo tho Champion Uace meet at Flemington. There aro numerous marino excursions ad vertised to come off, in which the names of tho Golden Crown, tho Williams, the Sprightly and others appoar conspi cuous. During tho day the pleasures of thoso who prefer to stay on shore will bo catered for. Tho Hibernian Society's annual fete will tako placo at Emorald- hill. Tho Free Gardeners gala will also be given at tho same favorito trysting spot. In the evening, the grand pantomimes at the Royal and Opera Honao will bo performed. Tho Rev. Charles Clark will recito in tho Town Hall, and what is describod as 'a grand national entertainment' will be given, tho public boing assured that this is tho lecturot'a 'last appearance' prior to his leaving for Tasmania. At St. George's Hall,^the ghost and tho entranced lady will entertain the public. Kaby Benson will pro sido at tho Apollo Hall, and sundry subur ban outortainmcnts will bo given to eclobrate tho advent of tho Now Year. ' Tho Bteamor -Sumatra, taking tho prBgent month'n moils for India, China and Kar8p~OjQ left her berth at tho Graving Dook Pier yea- , terday aftornoon shortly after two o'clock, taking, in addition to other cargo, 44 boxes of gold, containing 58,250 oz., and four boxen of specie (£23,770), tho total value being £250,783. Sho also has a large pas senger Hat, and amongst them may bo noticed the names of Mr. G. 11. F. Wobb, barrister- at-law, and Mr. G. C. Levey, secre tary to tho Victorian Commissioners for tho Philadelphia and Intercolonial Exhibitions, and who takes charge of the colonial exhibits at the forthcoming exhibition in America. Mr. Fitzgibbon, the town olork of Mel bourne, who goos home on twelve months' leavo of abBeuoe, was also a passenger by the Sumatra. The employes of The Age entertained Mr. William l'oolo at a dinner given at tuo London Tavern yesterday, on the occasion of that gentleman resigning the sub-editorship of The Aye, a position he has held for several years past. After dinner Mr. Syme, on behalf of the staff, pro sentod Mr. Poole with a purse of sovereigns and a handsome marble clock. In raakiug the presentation, Mr. Syme ox pressed his deep regret at losing the able services of a trusted and long-triod friend. Mr. Poole, in acknowledging tho tokon of esteem, said he regarded the gift and the good wishes accompanying it, as a parting and enduring token of the kindly feel ing aud good will always shown him by those ho had come in contact with in the discharge of his duties, and while hia rctiremeut from tho position ho had held would relievo him from its cares he would always regret his severance from The Age and the men with whom ho had been officially connected while occupying the position o£ sub-editor of that journal. The delegates from the various brandies of the Australian Natives' Association mot on Tuesday aud Wednesday last for the purpose of framing new rules for the future management oi tne wnoie society, i no pre sident of the Melbourne Association, Mr. William Gauuson, was elected chairman of the conference. The following gentlemen were the representatives : — Melbourno branch : Messrs. Mackintosh and Colgan. Victoria branch : Messrs. Field and Joyce. Ballarat branch : Messrs. Cadden and Wain wright. Sandhurst branch : Messrs. Brown and Devine. Geelong branch : Messrs. Dwyer and Baird. A largo amount of im portant business was transacted, and the new rules will now shortly be issued. Tho delegates then proceeded to elect the officers of the board of directors pro tan., and the following gentlemen were appointed: — Presi- dent, Mr. Jas. M. G. Mackintosh ; vice president, Mr. S. Cadden ; treasurer, Mr. Jas. Colgan ; and secretary, Mr. T. P. Devine. Tho conference waa then brought to a close. Messrs. M'Meckan, Blackwood and Co. '6 new steamer Arawata completed her fira$ trip to and from New Zealand yesterday, and the owners may be proud of their new boat's performances. It is certain that they will be appreciated by the public. The dis tance run by the Arawata, as taken from her log, i8 as follows : — Port Phillip Heada to Bluff, 1170 niileB ; Bluff to Port Chalmers, 140 do.; Port Chalmers to Lyttclton, 198 do., Lyttolton, Wellington, 176 do.; Wei l.nnl'MM In Vninnn 1 Oft A*. . Va1n» 4-.* TJT~T..£ tika, 234 do.; Hokitika to Port Phillip Heads, 1230 do.; total, 3209 do. And tho detentions in the various ports were — At Blnff, 13 hours ; Port Chalmers, 24 do.; Lyttelton, eight do.; Wellington, 23 do.; Nelson, fivo do.; Grey mouth and Hokitika, eight do.; total, Si hours — which deducted from the 14 days 11 hours occupied on tho voyage, gives actual steaming time 11 days two hours, and an average speed of 12£ knots per hour, or 295.2 knots per day. The following candidates passed at the teachers' advanced examinations, held this month in connection with tho Victorian Sunday School Union. Student's Old Testa ment History : Isabella Pateraon (prize), Sarah Balmain. Student's New Testament HiBtory : Margaret Patorson. Scripturo Geography : Margaret Paterson (prize), Anna Maria Hill, Matilda Ann Jacobs, Edwin Slater. Natural History, Manners, Customs, &c;, illustrating the Bible : Matilda Ann Jacobs (prize), Margaret Pater son (nearly equal), Joseph Hansrn, Edwin Slater. Philonophy of tho Plan of Salva. tion : Isabella Patorson (prize), Samuel . Coatcs, James Prentice, jun., Margery Robertson. Art of Teaching : Anna Maria Hill, Joseph Hansen, Matilda Ann Jacobs, Edwin Slater. At the City Police Court yesterday, a man named Thomas Cooper was charged with stabbing a woman of hia acquaintance, a loose character named Jane Carroll, in tho oheck with a pocket knife. On Sunday last tho prisoner followed tho girl, who was in company with two others, accused her of boing mtimato with Chinamen, and a row ensuing, ho took a knife out of his pocket and stuck it in her cheek, inflicting a nasty wound. The prisoner, who reserved his de fence, was committed for trial. 'More hasto the worse speed,' says the Hamilton Spectator. The other day fivo dumping machines in Portland were all working against each other, thero beiug a trial of strength amongst tho dififeront lirmp, or the workmen employed by them, to seo which press would turn out the most work in a given time. Mr. Must's dumper appeared to be the champion of the lot, and had ac tually got through 4-1 bales in an hour, when somebody who had tho control of Messrs. Croaker and Scott's machino cried ' Never SAy die,' and placed tho weight of his body on tho safoty-valve of that apparatus, causing the bursting of tho cylinder of tho hydraulic press, and involving a I033 to tho (irm of about £200. A sale of Crown lands took place on Wednes day at the room of Mr. VValstab, Qucen strect. There was a good attendance of buyora, and every lot catalogued, with the exception of two which wero passed in for want of an. offer, was sold at an ndvanco on the upset price. Tho laud offered, at North Molboume, fronting 8hicl-streot and Macauley-road, upset price £ I 1 Ob. per foot, realised £1 15s. per foot to £2 5s. per foot ; at Coburg, 15s. per foot upsot price, realised from tho upset to £1 2a. por foot ; St. Kilda, in Park-street, St. Kilda West, upset lOo. per foot, realised to £1 5s. to £1 12s. &L; per foot. Special lots at Brftybrook realised fair prices. Total amount of tho m!6 was £140$. 