TALES OF THE CLOACA. NO ! THE CLOACA- MAXIMA ; OR. GREAT BLACKWATTLE SWAMP. SUPERNATURAL REVELATIONS OF A FANCY-GOODS MAN ; or. The Diabolical Demon or the Deadly Drain!!! Fytte ye Seconds. With anxious terror Joseph strove The spirit onward glides, And says "The shrieks are made by coves With pains in their insides.'1'' ' " Yon Demon dread," the Spirit said, " Has reaped his human crops, \ And feasted, battened 011 the dead \ Too long — we'll give him slops." E'en while he spoke a horrid smoke Belched forth upon the air, And forth fresh yells and shriekings broke, And up weut Joseph's hair. The Spirit slid him from his back. But Joseph trembled so, And wished dev-outly he was back With Messrs. Blank and Co. " Stand firm !" the Spirit said, " drink this, 'Tis strength and courage too — J jkahSmMKm We'll awe this great me tropolis With deeds of ' derring- do.' " Then straightway rose be fore their sight The Demon's war-like crest, W/U He's green and blue, and black and white, With plague-spots on his breast. I could not paint the De mon's form, Distraught, convulsed with ire, His voice was like the thun- storm, His eyes like lakes of fire. He comes with measured steps and slow (Earth groaned beneath his tramp), And with one grinding, crashing blow, He shivered Joseph's- lamp. He glared around him, and his eyes Shone with a baleful light. " Who, who are ye," the Demon cries, " That wander through the night ? Who, who are ye, that dare to come My fair domain to haunt ? Go, seek some more congenial slum. Avaunt! d'ye hear ? Avaunt!" Now Joseph felt his courage rise From out his blucher boots, And while the cautious curlew cries, And while the swamp-owl hoots, (Despite a lingering touch of cramp) His muscles he did brace, And hurled the fragments of the lamp Slap in the Demon's face. " Who's this ?" the Demon said, said he, " A stalwart knight I ween ! Mv eyes are blind, I cannot see, They're full of kero.<t<?cn." Then Joseph's heart within him leapt (The Demon being blind), Eight gingerly he crawled and crept And gave him one behind ! Thus, thus they close, that warlike pair, Upon the slimy beach, And Joseph poked him here and there, Wherever he could reach. And whSe the giant squirmeth from The toasting-fork of Joe, The ghost (clean- peeled) came grimly on To strike the final blow. The Spirit raised a two-edged sword (He used it like an axe), And, while that outraged giant roared, His right leg he attacks. And Joe, when he his tactics knew, Attacked his other calf, And there commenced without ado A puttin' in a " scarf." And soon beneath those stalwart knocks Which echo and resound, The Demon's severed person rocks And topples to the ground. " Go in and win," the Spirit said, " Go in and win, old son !" The Demon he was nearly dead, So Joe went in and won. That ghost full many a " spotted gum," Had felled in life, you see, And so they felled that spotted one, For foul and fell was he. " Now fetch me wedges," quoth the ghost, "For here 1 guess we'll camp, We'll rive the trunk, split rails and posts, And fence Blackwattle Swamp /" But stay ! what means that sounding thwack ? That agonizing roar ? And how comes Joseph on his back, Upon his bed-room floor ? Where's now the elevated head, The majesty and pomp, Of him who slew the Demon dread That lived in 'Wattle Swamp ? Mephitic odours filled the room, And, acting on his brain, They made him dream of blackest gloom, And deadly demons slain. Till, rolling frsm his couch, he broke The silence with a scream, He bumped upon the floor — then woke, And found it all a dream ! Moral : The weight of moral censure rests With Corporation swells ; We fain would stir their gentle breasts To war against the smells. The foul miasmata which rise From such vile swamps as these, Are filling fast our cemetries With victims of disease. 