TRINITY CHURCH, BACCHUS MARSH. The foundaion stone of the above Church was on Saturday last, 20th inst., by the Right Reverend Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, who assisted by the Rev. A. J. McCausland, incum- bent of the Church, and was accompanied by the Rev. F. Smith and G. F. Cross, of Blackwood and Ballan respectively, who, however, were present only as spectators. About six years ago steps taken towards the erection of a new Trinity Church in Bacchus Marsh, and Bishop Perry laid foundation stone, but a variety of adverse cir- cumstances prevented the erection of the building, among them being the discovery of the fact that the foundation stone had been laid upon land designated for parsonage purposes. The project of raising a new Church slumbered until the crea tion of the new diocese of Ballarat caused prepa- tions to be made for dividing the accumulated churches of the diocese of Mellbourne, out of which that of Ballarat has been formed. It was an nounced by the Church authorities that lapsed funding grants not claimed by July of this year would be forfeited. As Bacchus Marsh had a claim to £400 as a lapsed grant, Mr. Shuter, P.M., though. not a resident in Bacchus Marsh, yet as a native Churchman, mentioned the matter to Rev. Mr. McCausland, who, in turn, spoke of it to Mr. Samuel Staughton, among others, and another gentleman, who is also a non-resident; and a strong supporter of the neighbouring Melton Church, who generously gave Mr. McCausland £100, in the hope that the £400 would not be lost. Encouraged in that way Mr McCausland, Mr. Crook, Mr. Wood, Mr. Mahoney, Mr. Simon, and others, took steps to form a building committee, and preparations were made in earnest to erect the Church. A dona nation of £100 was liberally made by Mr. Moles- worth Greene, who resides near Bacchus Marsh, and a like sum was given, with his usual gene osity; by Mr. W. J. Clarke, of Sunbury. Several other donations were made, and a bazaar was run last month, which brought in about £240, so that the building committee has now over £1,000 available including the £400 grant, which no doubt will be obtained, as already a large amount of work has been done to the Church, the founda tion being all in. The Church will be built of local freestone, of a yellow colour, laid in rubble courses, with dressed stones of Waurn Ponds free- stone, as the architects (Messrs. Lloyd Taylor & Wyatt) object to the local freestone. The design of the Church is known as early English, and will be handsome enough for all requirements in that respect, and expensive enough, while the interior accommodation will be quite large enough for the district. As a picture of the building will appear shortly in one of the Melbourne illustrated papers our readers will have an opportunity of judging as to the design. The Church will. be built with its greatest length running east and west, the east end being terminated with an apse, which will form a sanctuary, and a chancel; in fact a lot of room is wasted here, in our opinion, and the work is expensive. At the junction of the roofs of the body of the Church, of the porch, and of the apse a small and pretty tower and spire, slated in alternate colours, and the roof of the Church will also have a band of slates through the centre of a diff- erent colour to those above and below. An rntrance porch at the west end of theChurch will be the only other entrance. The windows possess no special features, and those :in the apse will be small which is desirable, as the Presbyterian Church is distant from it only some hundred feet, and the singing of the two congregations will doubtless disturb the services of each occasionally. The Church will seat 160 persons. The ceiling will be of stained pine, with Oregon principals, four in number, and quartrefoil heads with struts and pendants in keeping. The walls will be twelve feet high, and the height from the floor to the highest part of the roof will be 40 feet. The windows are known as double headed, are three in number on each side, with one single window at each side near the pulpit end of the Church. Near the tower and porch there is a space 10 feet by 8 feet left for an organ, and a vestry of the same size; also a lobby and a porch each 6 feet by 4 feet and in addition to the tower 4 by 4. The sanctuary is 12 feet 6 inches wide, by 8 feet 6 inches and the chancel is 17 feet 6 inches wide by 15 feet 6 inches deep. There will be pews in chianchel and seats for a choir. The nave, or body of the church will be 45 feet long by 25 feet wide, and at the end and of it, in the centre of the west wall, there is a porch 6 feet deep by 8 feet 6 inches wide. Above this porch there will be two narrow win-dows at the top of which there is a rose tracery window of suitable size. The tower and spire will stand 50 feet high. The chancel and sanctuary will be floored with marble tiles presented by Mr. J.E. Crook, of Bacchus Marsh. Mr. Jonathan Coulson of of Ballarat, is the contractor for the whole of the work except the seats and other fittings. His contract has reached to £1,600 already, with some extras agreed to since he started, and as he is to be supplied by the building committee with all stone, lime, and bricks it is impossible to estimate exactly what the total cost of the Church will be but the best estimate we can obtain is that it will not be less than £2,500. The building committee has, therefore, a somewhat arduous task before it to collect that sum, besides which money will be wanted to put a proper fence round the Church , and to improve the grounds generally, which contain, by the way, several graves, among them being that of Captain Bacchus, the donor of the Church lands, and after whom the township is named. The Church will be, perhaps, the only one in the colony with any tombstones near it. Having sufficiently described the building, we will now return to the subject of the laying of the found- ation stone. The day was exceedingly fine, being a bright autumn day of the best Victorian quality. The Bishop arrived at the parsonage about half past 2 o'clcck, having been driven down from Myrniong by Cr. Tyson. The Bishop, it may be remarked, has been travelling about the country of late, and holding services of various kinds, with even more than the speed of a candidate for Parl- iamnet who has commenced his canvass late, and of ourse has been at work upon Sundays as week days. Upon Saturday last he held a confir- mation service at Myrniong, then came to Bacchus Marsh, which is outside his diocese, then he re- turned to Ballan, which is within his jurisdiction, preached there on Sunday morning, after which he was off again to Sebastopol, where he was to preach in the evening. All this haste may be nec- essary, as perhaps the Bishop contemplates hibernating during the winter at Ballarat. It is re- gretted, however, that he could not make it con- venient to stay to a tea meeting in Bacchus Marsh. After a short stay at the parsonage after his arri- val, the Bishop took his seat within the communion table rails in the old Church, and theRev. A. J. McCausland proceeded with the usual with the usual service of the Church, varied in some respects to suit the occasion, and the Bishop gave a special prayer, also suited to the occasion, after which the congregation filed out of the Church, and a procession was formed to the site of the new Church a few yards distant. Messrs. J.E. Crook, and G. Wood as trustees, took the lead, followed by the choir of the Church singing the hymn Onward Christian soldier." The Bishop and Mr. McCausland closed the procession, the former wearing his University cap and Doctor of Divinity gown. The concluding lines of the hymn having been sung at the stone, Mr. Molesworth Greene read the Bishop an address of welcome which thanked him for his attendance, and expressed admiration of his zeal since his arrival in the colony, hope that he might be long spared to lhigh office. § p THORiNwo replied by stating that he to assure Mr. Molesworth Greene, and hom he represented in the address just his deep sense of their good feeling him, and of the kindness and courtesy of ption. Hle felt - lself honoured by the n to visit them, a:nd any trouble to which t have been put in order to comply with shes ould be amply repaid by considering ortance of the work in which they were As he would have another opportunity sing them hlie would not say more than was exceedingly gratified at having the n*ity of being present upon so interesting YATr then read the following copy of a t contained in a bottle with other docu o placed in a receptacle in the lower | on stone left for its reception : name of the Father and of the Son and ely Ghost, Amen.-This foundation stone id this 20th day of May, Anno Domini usand eight hundred and seventy-six, by t Reverend Father in God, Samuel Thorn ., Lord Bishop of Ballarat, in the name of Trinity--. James Elijah Crook, George Wood, William Henry Bacchus, John Sisson. ...?, John Saunders, Trustees of the Church. Rev. Mr. Anderson John McCausland, Officiating Mr. Lloyd Taylor & Frederick Wyatt, Architects, Mr. Jonathan Coulson, Contractor. The (land?) presented by William Henry Bacchus, Esq., and conveyed in trust for the erection of a Church. This Holy Trinity Church is erected by subscriptions, supplemented by a grant of £40O from the Lord Bishop of Melbourne in Council Note.-This foundation stone was laid on the 6th day of December, in the year of our Lord 1869, by the Right Rev. Father in God, Charles Perry, Lord Bishop of Melbourne, but the site then chosen in error not being on Church land, it was removed to this site and re- laid as above stated. The Bishop having duly spread what Mr. Wyatt said, in answer to his query, was " quite sufficient' mortar, the stone was lowered, and the Bishop hav- ing tapped it with the usual mallet, declared, in a humoursome manner, " that stone well and truly laid." A hymn was then sung, at the con, clusion of which the Bishop stepped upon the stone and said that in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost they had now laid in this new land the foundation stone of another house of prayer. He congratulated the vestry, the congregation, and the people generally upon what had been begun with so fair a promise of speedy completion. He felt much honoured in having been called upon to perform this ceremony, which was the first occasion of his performing the duty, and therefore he did not feel very sure as to what would be expected of him, but he would just say a few words which occurred to him, and they could judge as to their fitness afterwards. In the first place anything he could do on behalf of his revered friend the Bishop of Melbourne he was at nll timues most happy and eager to perform. He (Bishop Perry) would have been delighted to have been present to-day to re-lay this foundation stone; not that it had not been properly laid before, he Ithe speaker) was sure, but that circumstances had rendered that re-laying necessary. He rejoiced also in being present to assist in laying the foun .ation broad and deep of their grand old Church if England. - He also rejoiced as a citizen of this colony because he wast assisting in laying the .oundation stone of its true prosperity. He was )ften asked, as a new comer, how he liked the ,olony, and it was a question which required a deal if answering. The colony was not without its Eaults, but they were just those which were most beneficially corrected by such works as the present, which stimulated righteousness and rebuked vice in every form. This stone upon which he stood, iow well laid and truly, signified to his mind at east two ideas; first that of solidity. Unless the 'oundation were secure, the superstructure would e unsafe, and if they would build the Church of :hrist securely they must found it upon the merits end sacrifices of Christ. He did not require to be tken up and re-laid, but lasted for ever. They oust build upon the certain truths of God, and t was because he (the speaker) believed the Church )f England did this that he felt confident God vould not allow it to decay. Then this stone sug rested unity. It was one stone, but the Church rould be built of various materials, and thus vould symbolise the unity of love based uponlthe solidity of truth. He hoped that this combination vould ever be manifest in their Church life, and ilso?'nthe district. They were not all alike, and nst an this Church would be composed of a variety of materials, so was the Church of Clrist made up of various people joined together by love of the Saviour. He would remind them, in conclusion, of he example of David, whose first act in the Jewish Tabernacle was to offer sacrifice of his substance to God. They should all endeavour to have this house of God opened free of debt, and he would point out that the special instances of liberiality on the part of some contributors should stimulate the parishioners generally to such liberality as would result in so desirable a conclusion to the labours they had now commenced, in the prosecution of which he wished them all prosperity. A collection was then made, which resulted in bout £15 being added to the building fund. Mr. J. E. Crook said he felt great pleasure in saying the opportunity of congratulating the Bishop, their beloved pastor, and his neighbours, ipon the work they had just been engaged in. It id not often occur to a man to be able to tand twice upon the foundation stone of one ;hurch, but such was his experience, and he took his opportunity of assuring the Bishop that there was considerable unity in this district. respecting he building of this Church; It was doubtless leasing to the Bishop to find this .unity in this Lew country. 'He felt sure also that the necessary urther demands which the building committee rould require to make upon the liberality of their ,wn Church people, and upon that of 'other deno ninations;- at- the Bruco-=Auction, - for instance, which would be -shortly held, would be well re ponded to. He trusted the Bishop would, at no rery distant date, afford-them the pleasure of ano ,her visit, of longer duration. Mr. Crook called for three cheers for the Bishop, vhich were duly' given, after which 'the Bishop pronounced the benediction and the proceedings germinated. 