A WOMAN'S RANSOM Br F. W. Eobikson. CHAPTJSfi IL -JOSEPH'S SHREWD HEAD. .'' Daring my abort etoy in London, I set myself the t&fck; of studying the last trill and testament of Samuel ZitmRB, Esq. It had been the wish of the widow, and it was necessary for her take, if not for my own, that I should possess a knowledge of it. Samuel Zitnian had come to London in search of better health, and had lost stnngth so rapidly after his arrival, that he mode bis will in a hurry, and died two days after his solicitor had «tead:edhis hand whilst he affixed bis signature. A copy of the will was lodged at the UBual office in Doctor's Commoas, and- 1 found no difficulty in procuring it. It seemed a mercenary task to be studying thiit will there, but my interest w«s in its details, not in the money, which no power of mine could save fcom tny betrothed, S strange will, -betraying much of the selfish ness and narrowmindedness of him who had -uciea it wnen tne aeatn-cloud that no ricnes cottid dissipate hung over the house of Zitman. It bequeathed, under conditions, the whole for tune, chiefly derivable from a copper mine at the back of the Slack Gap mountain, to his relict, Mary .Zitman. It took away all that property, and left her penniless, if she married a second time —the moment toe wedding-ring was oa her finger, the wealth of the world faded away, like Cinderella's pomp and parade in the fairy tale we big children never forget. Not a farthing re mained to her from the wealth which Samuel Zitman had accumulated during life— all the possessions that he had bad in his time, or that were purchased after with his money, went away to his sister, Martha Bay, and to her heirs, executors, or assigns. This if Mary hitman married— this if Mary Zitman ever left Nettlewood Vale— this if Mary Zitman died. Whilst she remained true to her first husbaad'e memory, she was free to dispose or spend her money as she pleased — that which was possible to claim, And which could be proved was purchasable with .money derived from the estate, muse fade away to nothingness if she became a wife a second time. There were'&f; ty or a hundred bequests— amongst ' them an income of one hundred ana fifty pounds a year to his well-beloved brother-in-law, Herbert Vaughan, for much kindness and consideration during his illne38, and the freehold of the Ferry Inn, with the right of holding the ferry, to his de ir sister Martha -Bay. I came to a codicil, duly signed and witnessed, that startled me a Jittle. It was the last idea of poetical justice that-Samuel Zitman's mind could suggest, I could see him propped up in the death bed smiling grimly at his own conceit. It was dated on the following day. 'In the ' aad, yet possible' event of MaTy Zit man's marriage, the freehold of the Ferry Inn, together with all rights held by Mrs, Bay, were to pass into the hands of Mary Zicman and her heirs, succesaora, and assigns. Thus Mrs. Ray and Mary Zitman were to change places in every respect — it would be in our,power, if we wished it, to open the Ferry Inn and begin business on our own account. I was still studying the will, when my brother Joseph appeared at my elbow. ' I thought I should discover vou here, Canute.' he said. ? Did you ?' I answered .drily. 'It's worth considering — it's worth studying before you plunge into genteel poverty, and find there's a wife to support as well as yourself.' ' I am studying this at Mrs; Zitman's request. The money is of no consideration to me,' That,s an odd remark. Have you finished ?' ' Yes.' ' Let us come into the street, then. I want a little talk with you,'' We went together into the street a short while afterwards— for the first time in my life I found myself walking arm-in-arm with Joseph Gear down Night Rider-street. In tbat desolate thoroughfare, with the great and gloomy chambers of proctors frowning down upon us, Joseph spoke of Mr. Zitman's will, proved himself thoroughly acquainted with the details thereof, ' You have read this will ?' 'Yes.' ?For what reason?' f; ? I had occasion for it— thaf s all,' he said, with his customary reserve. ' Well, what do you think of it?' ? Havo you made up your mind to marry Mrs. Zitman ?' he inquired, ' Really, Canute, have you seriously considered the importance — the conse quences of such a step ?' 'I have.' 4 Then— then I think I see a way to counteract the full force of the blow aimed at Mrs. Zitman, for a step that her husband feared she would take. I've been thinking of nothing else since you told me last night of you intention.' The shrewd head waB in its element, but the cunning and craftiness expressed upon the face shook my confidence in brother Joseph's sense of honour. ' It's a good turn that deserves another— I'll speak of that other presently, and J don't think you're the man to say no to the bargain.' ?What Bargain can I possibly make with you oseph V ? Just listen a moment.' He looked over his shoulder to make *ure that there waa no listeners in the neighbourhood— bad he been plotting against church snd state he could not have been more precautious. He led me into the middle of the road, and walked me up and down.in the mud with his arm pressing mine close to his side. ?That will requires back all that is possible to ?w»*«) hu yuBBUBwwuo uuiiu^ U1AO. CJlllUUUB WliiOW' hood.; but who is to prove the amount of money expended on property, the amount of money given away for charitable purposes, the amount of mono; drawn from Mrs. Zitman's banker's account. No -one can claim money spent or money missing -during Mrs. Zitman's widowhood— only that which is left as evidence in brick and mortar or land, excepted. Where the money goes is always difficult to prove-Mrs. Zitman might haveleen a a very extravagant, or a very liberal woman ! That will's like an Act of Parliament— there's a coach and four to be drwen slap through it, ' Tha'fll do— that'll do, Joseph,' I cried; 'there may be loopholes through which to escape with the dead man's money— the money which was bis soul, and which he loved before his wife or her future happiness. But 1 should expect to be haunted by his ghost and hated by that wife of we, if I strove to gain one sovereign from that Money aot lawfully my own. His widow choose between bis wealth and me— do you think that I would gully the purity and unselfishness of her choice by turning robber? Great heavens! Joseph Gear, what prompted you to play so Door a part of tempter?' Joseph coughed, but he held his ground. Though in my excitement I had flung away my arm from his, he kept by my side, and reasoned with me, as with a forward child, to whom the foil force of his argument was not apparent yet. I believe he saw no particular harm in cheating the dead man of his wishes-it was an unjust will, and to be taken advantage of, if poBsihle. It was a choice between independence and indigence, and it was false delicacy, an outrage against the simple pre cautions dt life, if I neglected the one chanee that lay open to me before I married Mary Zitman. ' But I could not see the fairness of the act; in that fearful obstinacy with which at last he taunted me, I would not listen to any scheme that would endow my future life with more riches than I dreamed of. I thanked him for his interest in Hiy welfare, but I could not think it a ? good turn ' that turned me from the straight path of common honesty and sought by a juggle to deceive. I could not and would not think of it, and all the plans which Joseph's shrewd head bad built for me were rendered harmless by an old-fashioned idea oi mine as to what was strictly honest 'Then you are not to be convinced?' said mv SXafeefc' ''* eXhttU8ted aU &Tgammt; ' No, Joseph. More,' I added, ? I am sorry that you are aurioas to convince me.' ^' For your own good-the welfare of your own S&OM1;' haTO B0-iBt«rt ta *? ?My dear Joseph, let me thank you again for mu^p8*' 9t meadTise *ou *' ™y *™-- gambled''1'8'3 °f y0UI8 CW1 1 pr°fit by?- he ' D?a't think too much of the value of money— tnat is as bad as disregarding it too much. It has ?trucfe me to-day, Joseph, that this money life of yours in Newten-itreet is cramping up your soul and narrowing your views of what is fair and open. You mean-welL but there's a roundabout way to wards it, which you practice, and following it too closely will not make you thebetter man.' 'And you,- Canute, are too much of a dreamer, ^md are full of dreamy ideas in consequence,' he retorted; 'you do unto your neighbour what he would never think of doing unto you at any price — you shut your eyes to your own advancement, your own rights, and prate of honesty and upright ness, whilst others pick your pockets. I call tbat man a simpleton who studiesnot his own advance ment.' ' Whether by a legitimate way, or by a method that may bring him to the bar of the Old Bailey— well,' I - said rather too warmly, ' I call that man a robber, to be locked up away from society as speedily as possible. - 1 would track such a man to the death !' Joseph took his hat off, and passed bis hand across his forehead once more. Something of last night's look appeared to spring into his face again. ? You've woke up since you were last in London,' said he, feebly ; ' you overpower me with this new energy. X am not well, or I don't feel this morning strong enough to cope with it. I'll with you a good day, Canute.' We shook hands and parted. But I bad not quitted the Btreet, when he came after me, and touched me on the arm. 4 If you go away to Cumberland before I see you again, let me wish you joy on your coming marriage ? If I could have possibly spared the time, i would have come to Cumberland to the wedding feast.' ? Scarcely worth the trouble and expense, Joseph. It will be a very quiet marriage.' ? I wouldn't have cared about tbe trouble and expense, for once. Out of brotherly friendship, and to show that we bear each other no enmity.' ' Enmity !- is it likely?' ' 1 hope not. I hope it will be never so bad aB that!' He extended his hand again, and shook mine very warmly in his. He went eway after that slowly and dejectedly. For many a long day after that parting between us, 1 was unable to coin ?rehend tbiB new manner of my elder brother, t was a trifle more mystery to add to the cloud land which was destined to deepen round my path, and shut me in with it. CHAPTER III. air sistkb's husband, I had made up my mind as to my future the next day. Mr. Sanderson's offer was a good one, and a certain means of living, at any rate— with a wife at my Bide, 1 could not afford to speculate in uncertainties- My knowledge of architecture and surveying would be of service to my partner ; his connection in tbe country would assist me; to gether I had no doubt we should earn a fair in come, and I for one, need not mourn over the riches my wife possessed before she married me. That she would never regret the change herself I was very well assured. The licence was procured at Doctor's Commons the next day, and after a little arrangement with my mother, concerning the disposal of her business and the time when I should expect her in Cumber land — after all the minor arrangements which precede a man leaving town for good, and a man about to be married into the bargain— I took fare well of my mother, and went away to Nettlewood once more. It was my wish that my mother should have been present at my wedding, but she was a woman of business in her way, ana declined to leave the shop until Joseph— who had promised to take the matter in hand — had found a customer for it. . Besides there wes so many things to see about, she added, a little enigmatically, and would prefer coming to me in her own way, in three weekB' or a month's time, wnen 'everything' was settled. To settle everything, then, on my side, I started, one early morning, for Cumberland, to take up the thread of that romance begun there. On the evening of the following day, I crossed Nettlewood Ferry once more. This was a few days after Christmas, ' when the frost had cjme back again, and there was a fringe of ice round the margin of the lake. On the Nettlewood Bide of the Ferry, I found Herbert Vaughan waiting me. My old suspicions concerning him and Letty Bay received almost a death-blow by seeing Mrs. Bay's daughter stand ing by his side and talking unconcernedly, as the boat's keel ground against tho pebbly bank. If I had been deceived in Mr. Vnughan after all— if he were all that could be wished as a husband and a friend ! Very frankly, very warmly he extended his hand towards me as my feet touched the ground. ' Welcome back, Mr. Gear. It is pleasant to get all our old friends in Nettlewood again,' After shaking hands with me, he passed his arm through mine. ' You may imagin that I have much to say to you. In lieu of entering the inn, will you stroll toward Nettlewood House with me — they are im patiently expecting you ?' , 'Willingly, Mr. Vaughan.' ' Letty, see to Mr. Gear's luggage.' ' Yes, sir.' 