If JSWS OF THE DAT. The R.M.S. Mongolia arrived at Adelaide at live p.m. on Saturday, and left again for Melbourne at 11 p.m. She will probably reach licr anchorage in Hobaon's Bay about midnight. She brings a number of pas- aengera, amongst whom are several well- known colonists returning from a sojourn in the old country. The conduct of Lieut. Tandy during the recent surveying cruiso of H.M.V.C.S. Vic toria, iu Bass's Straits, will be brought under the notico of Parliament upon its ro-assem- bling next week. It is stated that during the cruiso Lieut. Tandy addressed a letter to Capt. Stanley, expostulating with that officer for placing liis vessel in positions which the writer considered to be highly dangerous, and stating' that, in his opinion, the steamer should be kept further from shore while the boats were used for taking soundings, &c.; Capt. Stanley drew bis sub ordinate's attention to tho serious breach of discipline involved in the course he had adopted, and gave Lieut. Tandy an opportu nity of at once withdrawing the letter. The latter refused to do so, and Capt. Stanley having laid the matter before the Govern- ment, it was suggested to Lieut. Tandy that he should apply for three months' leave of absence, preparatory, it is to lie presumed, to some further steps being taken. Liout. Taudy, we are given to understand, declines to accept tbe suggestion, hence the ueccessity for bringing the whole matter before the Legislature. Owing to the cir cumstance that while Capt. Stanley is an Imperial officer, Liout. Tandy holds only a colonial commission, complications are likely to arise that will be taken advantage of tu impart a political aspect to the question. The usual weekly meeting of tli'o City council will be held this aiternouu, when accounts amounting to £2618 10s. lid. will be submitted for payment. The letter from Mr. Henry Clarke, tendering his resignation, will be considered, nnd the amount of the penalty to which he will be liable will be de termined upon. The health committee, in addition to other matters, will bring up cer tain amendments nnd additions to the health bill now before Parliament, and the report of the Government analytical chemist upon the water of tho Yau Yean reservoir. Tho lion, 11. Kamsay, M.L.A., who is now on a visit to the neighborhood of Warrnain- bool, will, says the Standard, return to Mel bourne iu time to take his scat at the re assembling of Parliament on Tuesday next. Mr. Buyles, who is at Moyno Falls, and Mr. W'rixou, who is visiting his constituents at Belfast, are also expected to return to the metropolis next week. A deputation from the Emerald- hill Board of Advice attended at the Education de partment on Saturday, in reference to the proposed openinglof the State schools, at Emerald-hill, on Mondny next. Mr. T. V. Foote, ell airman of the board of advice, submitted that it would be a great injustice to the parents of tbe poorer children of the community if the resolution of the depart ment to open the schools to-day were ad hered to. Scarlet fever, it was stated, was raging at the Protestant Urphnn Asylum, which adjoined one of the schools, and it was suggested that until the disease had disappeared from tlie locality, or had ceased to be so general, the schools should remain closed. Mr. Yeuables, tho secretary of tbe department, in the absence of the responsible Minister, pro mised tbe deputation that the schools would not be opened on Monday, and until Mr. .Ramsay's return to town no date would be definitely fixed. Mr. Win. Poole, the late sub-editor of The Age, was not permitted to Beverbis long connection with that journal without a kindly recognition at the hands of the compositors. On Saturday afternoon tbe composing staffs of The. Age nnd The Leader met and pre sented Mr. Poole with an address expressive of regret at his departure from amongst them, and of good wishes for his future career in another field of useful labor. A purse of sovereigns accompanied the address, in response to the toast of his health, Mr, Poole assured those present that the good feeling so warmly expressed towards him was fully reciprocated. A few other .toasts were proposed, and the proceedings, which throughout were marked by muoh cordiality, terminated. The Acting Government Astronomer re ports : — The weather at the beginning of last week was very fine, cool ana pleasant, with heavy dew during the nights, but be- came hot and boisterous on the 4tb, with a fresh northerly wind, when shortly before five p.m. the wind went round to S.W., blowing strong, with clouds of dust and scattered rain, followed bv cold squally weather on the Sth, with rain squalls at in tervals' and hail. The wind again set in from north oil the 6th, but it remained cold and squally until the Sth, when it was fine and pleasant. The highest temperaturo iu tho shade, 92.0 deg., was reoorded on the afternoon of the 4tli ; the lowest, 42.2 deg., on the .early morning :of the Cth, which is tho lowest temperaturo on record for January during the last IS years, with the exception of the year 1S6S, when it reached 44.0 deg. on' the 2Sth January. The highest reading of the barometor, 80.036 in., oc curred on the morning of tho 2nd, with a light breeze from S.S.W.; tho lowest, 29.387 in., on tho afternoon of the 4tb, with a strong' northerly wind. The total rain fall for tho week amounts to 0.49 in. A meeting of the council of Trinity Col lege was held on Friday last at the Church of England Diocesan Registry, the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne in the chair. After a full consideration of the present state of the college, and the necessity for some alteration in its arrangements, in order to carry out better the original design of the foundations, it was unanimously decided to appoint Mr. Alexander Leeper, M.A., LL.B., lato second master of the Churoh of England Grammar School, prinaipal of the institu tion. Mr. Leeper is a gentleman of very high attainments, having gained first-class University honors at home. He obtained a scholarship at St. John's College, Oxford, and a first-class in classical moderations, and was prorime acrcsnit for the Gaisford composition prize. Mr. Leoper also had an Unusually brilliant' career at Trinity College, Dublin,' where' he'tabried off flrBfUfilvebsfty Sobolatahip, the/Berkeley Gold Medal,- and-a Vice- Chancellor's Prize. It is intended that members of the college shall in future re ceive regular instruction in classics, modern languages, and other subjeots comprised in the university curriculum, and it is hoped that this will prove a valuable help to stu dents in preparing for their university lec tures and examinations. Another trial, the second during tho week, of Cornish's life- saving apparatus took place from off H.M.S. Dido on Saturday last, in the presence of Captain Chapman and a number of gentlemen. At about half-past two Mr. Cornish formed three of liis mat tresses and two breakers into a raft, with small crossed spars at the bottom, and launched it from off the ship in the direction of the shore, taking with him several volunteers. Although there was a very unfavorable wind blowing at the time, tho shore was reached under an hour with the assistance of one of the ship's boats, which gave them a tow, all on board the raft being very com fortable, and satisfied as to the buoyancy of the apparatus. On reaching the shore Mr. Cornish went through a number of experi ments with life-buoys, mattresses and belts, demonstrating in a very plain mariner the utility of his philanthropic inventions. It is to be regretted, however, that more public patronage, and especially the assist ance of shipowners and masters, has not been nceorded to the various inventions of Mr. Cornish, who has a hard struggle to contend with tbe apathy so generally manifested where the snving of human life at sea is con cerned. We understand that the Humane Society aro thinking of procuring a number of the Cornish . appliances with a view to placing them on tho piers, wharves and public baths. The Corolla, a fine new iron ship, arrived in the Bay yesterday from Liverpool, She lias beeu built to run between Melbourne and San Francisco, and she will be a fine acquisition to the already long catalogue of valuable vessels trading to this port. Dur ing the passage out exceptionally stormy weather was encouutered. On 26th Decem ber, a promising youth of 17, named Alban Fenrice, foil from the main topgallant- yard into the sea. He fell a distance of over 100 feet, with terrific force, flat on his stomach. The sound of tho concussion was heard by everyone on deck, though the wind was blowing furiously at tbe time. It was apparent nt once that the lad must have been killed by the fall, and that to reoover his body was impossible. But the captain kept his glass on the floating corpse, and ordered the ship to be put about immediately. The boy soon disappeared, and it was found impossible to lower a boat in such weuther, for, in addition to the heavy gale blowing, there was a nasty high cross sea.ruuriing.at the time, and the attempt was abnndoned as hopeless. On the voyage another loss was sustained. The steward, Hugh Pinkerton, died suddenly from apoplexy. Yesterday morning a very sudden death occurred at the house of a Mr. Bennett, Bridge-roud, Richmond. Mrs. James Lan- ham went to bed on the previous evening apparently in rather better health than usual, and about six o'clock on Sunday morning she was suddenly seized with sick ness, throw up a quantity of blood, and ex pired before medical assistance could be ob tained. Dr. Wilson arrived in a few minutes, but his services were of no avail. The week of prayer was concluded by a meeting held in tho Wesleyan Church, Pal- mcratou-street, Carlton, on Saturday even ing. The service was conducted by the Rev. P. R. C. Ussher, nnd tho subject for prayer was " tho Peace of all Nations." The Rev. Mr. Robinson addressed tbe meeting. He pointed out that two of the chief causes of dis quietude iu nations were infidelity and intem perance, uud the best woapon with which to combat these evils was prayer. The Rev. Mr. Davidson and tho Rev. Air. Lawrence weio also present, nnd engaged in prayer. The population of New South Wales, on tbe 3Uth June, 1S75, was estimated at 594,172 souls — 327, 17S males and 267,001 females. But this estimate does not include the influx over the Border since the date of the last census. The Border Post ventures to say that there arc upwards of 600,000 persons in tho colony at this momcut. Air. W. J. Clarke, of Sunbury, is a pas senger in tho R.M.8. Mongolia, and tho in habitants of Sunbury are determined to give him a warm welcome to his new residence. Many men have been engaged in euttiug and carting firewood, and tbe largest bonfire ever known in the colonies will be lighted on his nrrival. Tho fire will be on the highest mount close to Air. Clarke's residence. Tbe musio- loviug public of Alclbourne will be glad to hour that lima de Alurskn (Airs. Anderson) will return here once more. The honeymoon, we learn, terminated lust weok, and this week professional business will be resumed by De Murska visiting Bathurst, Orange, Singleton and Maitlund. Ou the 18th inst. the fair vocalist will leave Sydney for Alclbourne. The present intention of Sig. de Vivo, her manager, is that two con certs shall be given here, one on tbe 22nd and the other on the 25th inst. On the 27 th De Alurska will leave here for New Zea land. At Sandhurst, on Friday, an inquest was held on the body of the Chinaman who was found dead in his bed on Thursday morning, at the White Hills. "The evidence given," Bays the Bendigo Advertiser, " showed that the deceased wa9 much addicted to gam bling, which was to him an iutonse passion. He was in partnership with three other Chinamen, and the earnings of the four at digging were, as one of them stated, £3 per week. The deceased always spent his share of the money in ' fan-tan" at tire Iron- bark Chinese Camp. Recently, in lottery tickets, he had won about £29, but he specu lated with his earnings all the deeper, and as reverses followed fast one upon another, he became gloomy and dissatisfied, aud put an end to bis life by swallowing a dose of opium." The firemen of Qeelong are about to put their training to a practical teat. The Ad vertiser says that the grand tableau which is intended to form a feature at tlie fire brigade concert to be held in Johnstone Park on Tuesday evening next, will serve to illus trate very appropriately the cxpertnesa of the members of the brigade in a moment of actual emergency, and tbe use of the "jumping sheet" in saving life. A two- story wooden building, having a height of 25 feet, has been erected at the rear of the Fire Brigade reserve, facing Johnstone Park. This will be set on fire, an alarm will be ruDg, and children rescued from the interior of tbe building by a fireman, who will test the use of Sullivan's patent respirator. All com munication will be cutoff from the building, and tbe fireman will leap from the top into the " juinping-sheet." This having been done, the hose-reel will be brought into re» quisition, and tho conflagration extin guished. For some time past the occupier and tenant of a piece of ground at Upper Foots. Cray has been daily annoyed by persons tres passing on bis land and throwing missiles at biB house. The police on Saturday morning lost suoeeeded in traoing two of tbe offenders, against whom proceedings have been taken. An awfully sudden death occurred tho other morning at Amphitheatre. A mnn named Robert Pearson, in. the employ of Mr. Spiers, while mixing clay'to plaster the chimney of a new hut he was building for himself, was observed to fall down suddenly, and those who ran to his assistance found that life was already extinot. The deceased, the Avoca Free Press says, was 65 years old, and had recently been a patient in the Amherat Hospital. One of the day laborers usually employed by the Braybrook Shire Council, whilst en. gaged in harvesting last week, lost tho fore- finger of his right hand. Tho mowing, machine knives, having been cleaned, were about being replaced, and the man in charge, not noticing that his assistant was engaged in cleaning ont the holes, forced the blade down, and completely severed the top of the finger. He was attended by a medical man at his house, who thought it necessary to remove the lower portion of the finger from the joint, which was done while the man was under the influence of chloroform. In last Friday's Gazette appears the CU3. tomery batch of notifications about mining calls. There are 73 of these notifications in all, and the extent to which sub. division of interests in mining com panies is carried is evidenced by the microscopic amounts of the calls made. Ten of them are for OJd. per share, eight aro for Id., two are for lid,, seyen are fdr 2d., and 14 are for 3d.; there is obe each of 4d. mnd:4id., there are eight of 6cL, and 12 of Is., three are 2s., one 2s. 6d., three 4a., two 5s., and one of 10a., which is the largest of the lot. "It seems," says the Ballarat I Evening Post, "to be pretty well understood that tbe hon. Joseph Jones will test the feelings of the eleotors of Villiera and Heytcabury. He has received several pressing- invitations to allow himself te be placed' in -nomination, and it is more than likely he will comply." Tho Camperdown correspondent of the Geelong Times telegraphs that an accident happened to the Geelong and Warrnambool mail coach on Friday morning, nt Pirron Yalloak. As tho coach was nearing the Pirron Yalloak Ford, two wag. gona were to be seen . boggod at tbe approach, and as tho coach attempted to pass the waggonB, one wheel got into soft ground and upset the coach, which was loaded ; but fortunately none of the possen. gers were injured. A Air. Donald Wright and others assisted the driver in putting tbe coach right, which arrived s.t Camper- down at nine o'clock, about an hour and a half behind time. The annual picnic of the mechanics in connection with the railway workshops nt MelboHtuo and Williamstown was hold at a conveniently selected spot neatr the ICilmore Railway Station on Saturday after noon. About 300, including workmen and their families, were present. The day was everything that could be de. sired. The usual pastimes were indulged in on the ground, while a great num. ber found their way over tbe ranges to Kil. more, and were highly pleased with the view of the town and country. Mr. John Taylor, on behalf of the inhabitants of ICil more, welcomed them to tho district, and stated had any intimation been given of their intended visit, a number of the towns people would havo mot .thesn. The train, with tho excursionists, left tho station at a quarter to seven p.m., amicl cheers aud counter cheers, all expressing themselves as highly pleased with their visit. Our Geelong correspondent writes that at tho local police court on Saturday, four ladB, named respectively John Roberts, a groom ; Samuel Britten, joiner ; John Hands, butcher's boy ; and Tbos.. Hay ward, were charged with robbing a gentleman named Career of about 40 sovereigns.. Air. Carter, who is a man of independent fortune, residing at Cliff Cottage, on the eastern beach, having become intoxicated, fell among these young lads, and after wander ing from one publicliouso to nnother with them, eventually reached home munis his cash and juvenile companions. Senior-cou- stable O'H'are, however, soon got upon tlie track of the young delinquents, and re covered 35 sovereigns, which had been " planted." They were all remanded until to-day. At the City Police Court on Saturday, two boys, named respectively Samuel C'rew and Arthur Serrell, were charged with throwing stones with a shanghai in the Fitzroy Gardens. Both boys were wall supplied with ammunition in - tho shape of pebble. The bench expressed themselves very forcibly upon the dangerous practice now becoming so prevalent of discharging missiles in such a manner, and . fined the boys 10s. each, at the same time requesting their parents, who appeared in court, to keep a more watchful eye upon their children in future. A man named James Alurphy, aged 19 years, in the employ of a Air. Fisher, residing at Aloonee Potids, was admitted to the Mel bourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from a fractured leg, caused by tlio horse he was riding falling and rolling over on to him. At the City Police Court on Saturday, James E. Raymond, lately n clerk in the Ararat branch of tho English, Scottish nnd Australian Chartered Bank, was charged ou warrant with embezzling £20, tlie property of hiB employers. The prisoner, whoso defal cations aro said to amount to about £300, made his way overland to Adelaide, where he was arrested by Detective Williams. The bonch remanded him to appear at Ararat, where the offence was committed. The remains of the late Mr. Willian Ho garth were interred yesterday in the Mel bourne General Cemetery. The funeral, which was attended by a large number of the dceenscd's nic-rcnutile friends, left his Iste residence, Denham.street, Hawthorn, at two o'clock. At Priuce's-bridgo the cortege was increased by several carriages, the line extending from one eud of Swnnston street to the other. On arriving at the cemetery the train was met by Mr. Turner, who rend the Unitariun funeral service, after which the body was interred with the usual cere- mouy. From the .9. M. Herald wo learn that Mr. Bnchauan has introduced a bill to the Legis lative Assembly to ameud tho law of libel as respects criminal prosecutions. The follow, ing are the only clauses it contains : — " 1. From and after the passing of this act it shall not be lawful for any person to take any proceedings before a justice of the peace or otherwise for tbe purpose of prosecuting auy individual on the crimiual side of any court for libel, not being seditious, or re flecting on the administration of justice. 2. This bill may be cited as the ' Libel Law Amendment Act.' " From Tasmanian papers to hand we leam that last Alouday morning a most distressing accident happened to W. H. Wise, eldest son of Captain W ise, of the Monarch steamer, for whom he acts as agent at Bridgewater._ It seems that when the young man was assisting in working a newly-im- Eorted mowing-machine, the action of a jib ing horse threw him from the position in the machine he occupied in front of tbe blades. His left foot was severed at the ankle, and he narrowly escaped other severe injuries, his other leg having been also cub The poor fellow, who bore up manfully, wss as fast as possible removed to town, where medical aia was immediately procured. It was found that amputation of the leg below the knee was necessary, and this operation was performed. At a late hour on Alondsv) the sufferer was progressing favorably. During a heavy storm on the 24th Decem ber, a third- class passenger named Julius Fisher, by the Leone, whiah arrived fo Hobeon's Bay yesterday, from London, waa washed overboard by a sea that swept over the deok of the vessel. No one saw Fisher washed away by the wave, but he was one of a group of four or five, all of whom, he excepted, managed to hold on, but Fisher was never seen after the vessel was struck by the sea. During the passage of the Norfolk fcom London, one of the boys, named E. Q, Jones, fell backwards fromlthemizen rigging into the lifeboat, and broko the base of his skull. He lingered for a day, and died on the 4th November. Ho is described as hav-. ing been a very good young fellow, and wa much liked by everyone on board. Cap tain O'Caliaehan, the present master of the Norfolk, arrives here in the capacity of commander for the first time. He was presented on his arrival with a testimonial by the passengers, from whom he has won golden opinions during the. voyage, by th. display of first-class seamanship and thos% social. qualities which enable commanders tft make matters pleasant and agreeable to, pas sengers during a long voyage. / - The foreign arrivals during the week jave been _ tolerably numerous. They »S, -The Respigadera and Corolla from eol; Heidi, Jerfaloon, James SerW.e an(i xVins. fcnm ?-«<! 7?lk 'a London; China thmL®0'#0'9 Hall on Saturday night a attendance, aa the pro- gramme for the evening wm very attractive. In addition to the dissolving views, the en tranced lady and the laughable illusions pre sented in the Lost Man, there was also a new ghost story of a Bimilar character, called the Death Wanting, or the Miser a Dream. The chef d'ccuvre of the evening, however,' was tho first exhibition of a water fall, extending nearly tho full breadth of tlio stage— a mimic Falls of Kiagara. The liquid element descended from the top of scenery re presenting a high rocky precipice, the foun- tain hitherto exhibited playing at the samo time in front of it. When tho whole wm lighted up by the lime-light, and tinged with constantly varying brilliant colors, tho effect was most chaste and beautiful, and the vehement applause bestowed was thoroughly deserved. The entertainment will be re peated this evening, and until further notice. . _ ,, , , Froggee would a Wooing Go attracted a bumper to the Theatre Royal on Saturday. The performers entered into their parts With great zest, and were well rewarded by frequent rounds of applause. Tho localisms introduced into the dialogue were well de livered, and, judging from the hearty ap plause, were thoroughly appreciated, and the vein of humor pervading the character allotted to Mr. Greville afforded him an op portunity of displaying his aptitude for low comedy acting with his usual success. The dancing of the sisters Duvalli was accorded a large meed of applause. The Opera House was densely crowded from roof to basement on Saturday evening. The representation of Fortunatus was as good in every respect as those of former nights, and the whole of the leading per formers met with a very cordial welcome at the hands of till audience. The comicalities of Messrs. Bell and Leopold were productive of much merriment, and the various local flpirgs wire rapturously encored; Miss. Mel ville's abort operatic' medley, "in which she introduces" tho' ail of The- Last 'Rose ;,of Summer, fairly brought down the house, and the fair artiste acknowledged the compliment by a repetition- of the most favorite portions of tho medley. Tho Temperance Hall People's Saturday ninht concert' wis crowded on Saturday evening. Notwithstanding the counter at tractions, these popular entertainments con tinue to be well patronised. Mr. Frank Richardson was conductor, Mr. Maguire oc cupying the chair. The St. Vincent Gem combination troupe brought their season at the Apollo Hall to a close on Saturday night, when there was a very well-filled house. We acknowledge receipt of 20s. from " Stake holder" on behalf of tho Melbourne Hospital. A ball to colc.brato tho first anniTersaiy of the St. Patrick's Society, Carltoo branch, will be held in the Carlton Orderly-room to-morrow evening. A grand promenade concert will take place at tile Assembly Hall, St. Kilda, this evenings under tho direction of the Messieurs Roberts. We have received from Mr. Mayail, photo gfaplier, an admirably executed carte- devisite of tho lAto hon. M. O'Graily. The likouess is vety striking. We acknowledge receipt of the New Zealand Magazine No. 1, published at Dunedin ; and of the Thirteenth Annual Report of the Committee of tho Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution. Mr. Baker, tho husband of the woman who was found dead the othor day in a bath at the City Baths, Swansto'A-strcet, requests us to contradict tho statement that sho bad ever beeu an inmate of tho Lying-in Hospital. Wo understand that Sirs. Rtonhouse, who latoly arrived in Melbourne from Salt Lake City, wid . Shortly deliver a lecture illustrative of life amongst tho Mormons. The first social evening in connection with the St. Luke's Church Union, Emorald-hill, was hold ou Friday evening last, anil proved in every waj a great success. After tea (which was provided by the ladies of the Union), numerous songs, re citations and dialogues were given by various members of the Union. The Rev. R, B. Dickin son occupied the chair. 