COMMUNICATED. The Fakir of Oola has been at Hobarfc Town since the 17 th, on which night he com menced there his pleasant performances, to the manifest satisfaction of both public and critics. The entranced lady appears es pecially to have agreeably bewildered our island friends, and, as a matter of coarse, the faityfountain pnt everybody into an ecstasy of delight SIDNEY,. APRIL 25. Majeroni made his dibtU last night, and was received with a tumult of enthusiasm. Bouquets, ribbons, and other pretty trophies were showered upon him. As a matter of coarse, all his mends went tn fouk to sup port him, and he seemed quite overcome with his welcome, Opinions differ as to whether his success is a genuine success or only a auccis d'eetime. Perhaps it is only fair to wait and see him again before pro nouncing an opinion. Youb LADY CORRESPONDENT. SYDNEY, APRIL 22. Sydney, at present, isblesBed with heavenly weather, bat that does not make it any more habitable than it was when last I was here; and no wonder. For the smells are more noisome, the din more earsplitting, the dirt thicker and slabber, the smoke denser, and the larrikins more unbearable. Sydney has an old-pipy, rough-sailory look; a faded, dazed, limp, give-me-a-bath expression. Of the theatres, the Ljster company has commenced well, the race week having probably something to do with this good beginning. The new Theatre Rojal, as you have been most correctly informed by your other lady correspondent, has baen doing a very empty business. The company, however, is very poor, and the new star, Chaplin, is a flat, uninteresting actor. The theatre is pretty in its way; but it has a frail, match-box air, and although there is a good deal of gildiog and glass, the place is already in the condition known as "shabby fine." There are, here and there, vases with wax flowers; but the vases are soiled, and the flowers are dropping to pieces. Tbe £li agree-backed chairs in the dress-circle, of which so much was said, look like white sngar ornaments, dreadfully breakable. No thing seems solid or real-all is showy aud tawdry. As to the old Victoria Theatre, it is simply a reproach upon nineteenth-century civilisation, and its abolition is an immediate duty. I bave not been to the Queen's, but I went to the Circus the other night. It is nothing like so good as Chiarini's, neverthe less it is good, and it is drawing to the pro prietor's entire satisfaction. The especial talk in theatrical circles is of llajeroni. who is to open on Monday at the Royal in "The Old Corporal," which Frederic liemaitre made so famous. Of course you know all about the extra ordinary success of Nell. There never were eleven weeks of such continued enthusiasm in any theatre in Sydney, and her wind-up was the most amusing item in the whole series of her performances. She sang at a sacked concert, and her admirers went into greater convalsionB of delight than ever! Bat I was kiot surprised when I remembered it was the same people who said Lingard could not act! Figurez- vous, " With verdure dad,*' the flute obligate played on a violin, and Hie voice part assisted by the pianist, the voice proper finishing on B flat 1 If this wasnotenough to raise the ghost and the anger of the composer, then is neinso distant a sphere that earthly troubles no longer touch Mm. I suppose there really is no accounting for tastes. . A LADY VISITOR TO SIDNEY. Dunedin, APRIL 20. Mademoiselle de Murska made her first appearance at the Queen's Theatre last night to a crowded house. Her reception was most .enthusiastic, and, at intervals the audience broke into veritable cheers. All the' disappointment her protracted coming has caosea was forgotten. The audience, in fapWspemed bent upon assuring her that tney had quite forgiven her, for they called and recalled her without ceasing. There was, moreover, a well-understood feeling that the recent domestic troubles undergone by the lady demanded from those present a par ticular sympathy, qnd nothing could exceed the.'cordiality with which it was tendered. This feeling, intact, began to be shown as soon as she landed on Monday. She was met at the railway, and-greeted with such cheers as must have at once assured her abetted -have no doubts of her popularity in ihiscifab' Jn^ristcburch the Simonsen company afe epjpying a success not less considerable than that they experienced here. Their latest ,production has ofeen "Martha," and Madpme Simoriaen's fiinging in this opera has, gceasioned general comment of a most £^v^urople kipd. On Good Friday the com panyperformeji "Stabat Mater," the first movement of the "Gloria," from Mozart's . "Twelfth Mm" and a selection from Handel and Mendelssohn. Mr, and Mrs. JDarrell have been playing a month's engagement at Inveroargtll, ad mittedly, the sloweat place in all New Zea ar$. The results.are sild, nevertheless, to have "been s&tisfactoiy.; but not overwhelm inari> rioT Thfiv.were supported bjhan ezoellent _ gave . good rouud of English ins "Hamlet for Mr, Darrell's ^'School for Scandal" forthat ' They ax*, contemplating hot fur6 anxious for the _ ,. to Melbourne, whenever determineqltojajiltlMs Melbourne efcn so well reoelved in ddityw-Zealuri1hpis [forssccessin Melbourne. ,1 " in ich lie hopes taay prove ao rttfttjudgepk , ,, : 