gitetef & £atm. MADCAP VIOLET. BY WILLIAM BLACK. Axtteob of a Princess of Thuzjs, Ths£E Feathers, &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. Ail rights reserved.] Chapter TnTTTT. — A Chisis. But Mr. George Miller had no intention of nursing his wrath in silence. If his suspicions -were correct- and his suspicious had almost become convictions, lie would have the matter out at once. He was not to be 'kept dangling after a woman who was secretly in love with somebody else 5 if that were so, better for every one con cerned that the truth should be Known and the farce come to an end. He had not to wait long to bring matters to a crisis. Next day was Sunday — a beau tiful, still, brilliant day, with the sunlight Lying warm on the greys and purples of rock and heather, on the 'We scaurs of the granite mountains, on the light blue stretches of water around the islands^ — and of course church and chapel were alike unknown in this remote and solitary place. In the perfect silence they could vaguely hear, through the open hatchway of the forecastle the voice of one of the men read ing from a Gaelic Bible to his companions. Mr. Drummond, lying at full length on the deck, partly sheltered from the sun by the shadow of the gig, was deeply immersed in a book, and paid no attention to anything that was going on. He would not even stir when the others proposed to go on shore ; and so Young Miller hauled up the dingey to the side of the yacht, put the ladies into it, and himself rowed them in to the land. It was a beautiful place to idle through, on this bright, warm day. A road, skirting the sea, took them through a wilderness of rock and ferns, of heather and young birch trees, of honeysuckle bushes and rowan trees scarlet with berries ; it led them past mountain streams that came tumbling down narrow glens into clear brown pools; it took them through woods of young oak and asli ; it led them away up the side of a mountain, and there, turning rouud and looking back, the y beheld a marvellous net work of islands — resembling a raised map — lying in the still blue water, each island Having a' fringe of yellow seaweed round its shores. Apparently the only inhabitants of the place were the wild duck swimming off the nearest point, the invisible curlew that kept whistling and calling each other, and a solitary heron standing among the seaweed, like the grey ghost of a bird among the rich brown. George Miller did not notice many of these things ; he was too impatiently wait ing for a chance of speaking privately with Violet; and at first it seemed as though he never would get that chance, for the ghi kept well up with Mrs. Warrener and her daughter, who were in front, and of course he could not ask her to linger behind. At last, however, the opportunity occurred. They had to cross a deep glen by means of a wooden bridge that was perhaps 80 or 90 feet above the water below; and here Violet paused for a second or two to cast some pebbles down into the clear pool be tween the rocks and bushes. 'Violet,' said he, rather peremptorily, ' I want you to speak frankly with me for a minute or two. Let them go on. I think it is time we had some sort of ex planation.' She was vexed and annoyed that she should become the victim of those recurrent interviews whenever she forgot to avoid being alone with him; b^it she said nothing. She awaited what he had to say with an air of respectful attention. 'You know what I mean, said lie, speaking rapidly, u I have as much patience asj most men ; and I don't wish to bother you; but after all it is time we came to some sort of explanation. Or let the whole thing come to an end.' He uttered the last words with some vehemence. ' Or let what come to an end ?' ' The sort of expectation, or understand ing, that some day you will become my wife.' 'I am quite willing that that should come to an end.' He had almost expected her to say that ; and he was more angry than disappointed. And yet he endeavored to suppress any sign of mortification — partly from pride, partly from the consciousness that an ex hibition of temper could avail him but little. 'It is no use, then, my waiting any longer. You have definitely resolved that our relations should cease ?' 'I — I have wished that they should cease,' she said, in a low voice, 'and I thought you knew that ? ' ' And your reasons ?' ' I am sure I am very grieved to think that you may be hurt or offended, or dis appointed,' she continued, but noticing his question. ' And when you said you would rather wait, I thought that was a great pity — but now, since you think it better all this should end ? ?' 'I think it better !' said he, with bitter vehemence. ' It is you who think it better ; and if you will not tell me your reason, I will tell it to you. You think you have been blinding me ? No. I have been look ing on at the farce.' She turned her large dark eyes upon him with a gaze of wonder and enquiry ; but he did not fail to observe that her face paled somewhat. ' What do you mean ?' she said slowlv. 'Do you think you have blinded me'? Haven't I seen the pitiable fashion in which you have become the very slave of that man — echoing his opinions as if he had all I the wisdom in the world — toadying and fawning upon him ? ' She drew herself up to her full height. ' You do not know what you say,' she said, with a proud smile. ' I do know,' he said ; and now he had lost control over himself, and his wounded vanity made him talk wildly. ' I tell you that all the world can see it — all the world except himself, perhaps, for he is only a baby. And you know what I say is true. Look at me in the face — I dare you to look at me in the face — and deny that you love the man.' That was a challenge ; and all the wild, rebellious blood in the girl leapt to her heart. To cringe before the accusar — to deny the one highest and holiest feeling that her nature had ever known-^that cou!3 not be Violet North's first impulse at such a moment. There was a strange proud light on her pale face as she said — ' And if I do. not deny it ? I have many things to be ashamed of; not that. No, if I were to die just now, I should think my t life had been a happy one, only to have known such a man as a friend.' He was simply thunderstruck. He ha£ seen much, and imagined more ; but for this he was not prepared. Then the audacious courage of the girl astounded him ; what could this glad, proud li^ht on her face mean but that her whole being was wrapped up in an earnest, unreasonable devotion. He knew then that ius case was hope less ; and he had sufficient vanity to prompt him to put a good face on it. ' I suppose,' said he, with a forced smile, ' that now you have been so frank, there is no more to be £aid. I wish you had been a little franker some time ago—but that does not matter now. Let us part good fiiends, Violet.' He held out his hand. 'Are you going away?' she said in a low voice. 'Yes,' he answered cheerfully. 'I couldn't think of disturbing your domestic peace. Good-bye; if vou don't go on at once, Mrs. Warrener will be coming back to look for you.' She stood irresolute ; but she allowed him to shake hands with her. Then ho turned and walked away. 'Mr. Miller I' He stopped and looked back. She ad vanced to him, with her eyes bent down wards, and a sort of tremble about her lips. ' I wish,' she said, in so low a voice that he could scarcely hear her, 'to ask for giveness for wliatever pain I may have caused you. Believe me — I am very sorry —I thought at one time it might hava ended differently — *-' 'All right/' said he. 'Don't trouble-^ about that. Good-bye, Violet.' He turned once more, and went off down the hill, leaving the girl to rejoin her friends, with the consciousness at her heart that a great event had happened in her life, with what probable consequence she could not at all foresee. She knew that it was better for both that this definite explanation should have been made, and an end put to a hopeless condition of affairs ; and yet memory went back over the past two or three, years with something of regret, and in her secret heart she was hoping that her now discarded lover would not think too harshly of her in the years to come. 'Where is Mr. Miller, Violet?' asked Mrs. Warrener, when Violet had rejoined the two who had gone on. ' He has gone back to the yacht.' Her friend regarded her with curious eyes. ' You have been quarrelling again.' 'No, not at all.' ' Well, you will get to the end of these disagreements when you marry, I suppose,' said Mrs. Warrener, with a smile. ' That is always the way. Young people are always quarrelling, because they are jealous^ and exacting, and unreasonable ; they get to know each other better when they are married.' The girl's cheeks burned red. ' There is no use speaking of that, Mrs. Warrener. Mr. Miller and I will never be married.' The little fair-haired woman laughed; she was not to be deceived ; she had ob served too much of the ways of young people in love. - ' Of course not,' she said, in her quiet, shrewd way. 'It is always parting for ever and ever — over the wearing of some trinket, or the giving an extra dance to a rival. A solemn farewell for life ; and the next day they meet and make it up quite easily. What is it all about, Violet ?' 'If you please, dear Mrs. Warrener, I would rather not speak of it,' the girl said, gently ; and there was an end of the matter. But as George Miller went down the hill and along the shore towards the bay where the yacht lay, his private thoughts were scarcely so composed and cheerful as hia manner of bidding good-bye to Violet had ostensibly been. It was not pleasant for a business-like young man to know that he had been spending two or three years of his life in chasing a rainbow. Then there - would be the confession to bis friends that he had failed; and the spectacle of this girl whom he had hoped to make his wife publicly declaring that she preferred James Drummond — a man of six or sevenand thirty, who would cage her up in a small cottage on a narrowjincome, and expect her to become a sort of upper housemaid. Not much chance for her now of driving in the Park, which even as a girl she had en joyed. What fascination, what enchantment had so perverted her mind ? The more he thought of it, the more bitter he became, until he had almost persuaded himself that his rival had been for years trying to cajole the girl's affections, that he might marry the daughter of a rich man. If Mr. Miller had been in his right mind, he would have burst out laughing at this suggestion ; but he was not in his right mind : and his jealous fancy brooded over the idea until he was ready to believe that the small yacht out there, lying peacefully in the bay, contained one of the most treacherous, specious, and malicious villains that had ever cursed the v world. He got into the dingey and rowed out to the Sea-Pyot. Mr. Drummond got up, took the painter from him, and helped him to get on board. ' Where are the others ?'' he said. ' Gone on further than I cared to go.' He sat down again and took to his book; the younger man went below. In a few minutes Mr. Miller came up to the top of the companion stairs. 'Can you let me have the knife I lent you last night ?' he asked. 'It is in my cabin somewhere. If you want it I'll go down and get it.' 'I would rather have it,' was the answer. So Mr. Drummond followed him down stairs. What was his surprise to see that Miller had put on the table of the saloon a knapsack which he had brought with him, and that it was partially packed. ' What are you about ?' he said, with a stare. 'I mean to leave you now,' the young v man said, calmly. ' I owe you fourteen v cartridges ; there they are. l!hey are No. 4, but I suppose that won't matter. Can. you give me the penknife ?' James Drummond only stared the more.. ? ?»--' ?- ?? - ^*- ? ?W' ? -? ? --?? ??-- ??- ?- - - ? -x ;'Whatdoyoumean.#' -?-??-- :- r \ 'What I tell yoxL- 1. am leaving the \- yacht:' 'What is the matter?' 'Nothing.' ** Where are you going?' *c I shall walk over to Loch. Aline, and ^et some boat there.' Y *;* Miller, -what's the matter with you? ' Yim cannot walk over to Loch Aline to* -lay ; you don't know the road, and I doubt whether there is an inn there.' ' Nevertheless, I am going,' the younger man said, with a sullen determination. Most men in such circumstances would have told him he mi^ht go a good deal further than Loch Aline, for aught they cared, but Mr. Druinmond had a kindly feeling for the young man. 'Is it a quarrel with Violet ?' ' I thought you would hit it,' said the other with an evident sneer. ' I see you. have expected it. Well, are you satis fied?' There was altogether something in Miller's face that James Drummond could not understand. He began to wonder if Miller had discovered a whisky still on shore, and drunk himself mad. But he had not to wait for any further explana tion, because the rising passion of the young man broke through his forced com posure, and he began pouring forth a torrent of angry accusations. Drummond had inveigled away the girl from her people; he had flattered her school-girl ?vanity by making a companion of her; knowing that she was practically engaged to one who had her father's sanction, he had treacherously induced her to break her word; and so forth, and so forth. Drum mond listened to all this with astonishment, but also with absolute self-control. ' I have a great mind,' said he, 'to take you up on deck and drop you overboard — that might cure you of your madness. Whoever has put all this stuff into, your head?' if 'Don't try to deceive me any further!' Miller said, with his lips white with angry excitement. 'You have done it well enough already. You knew I wished to marry the girl — you knew her father wished It — and yet you wished to draw her away from me ? ' ' Then why are you here?' said Drum mond. ' If that was my design, why did I aak you to join us here ? It seems to me that looks more like bringing you two to . getker.' ' You can't blind me !' the young man cried, with a scornful laugh. 'You knew the mischief was done. You knew the girl was ready lo cut off her hand for you, if you asked it. You knew that she gloried in her infatuation ? ' 'Look here, Miller,' said James Drum mond, w4th a dangerous contraction of the brows. 'I believe you are as mad as a March, hare. You. may talk nonsense about me to your heart's content, but teave Violet out of it. Gracious heavens, I wonder to hear you, man! You pretend to love the girl, and you go mad like this with childish surmises. Why not go frankly to her, and learn for yourself that this is mere dreaming and folly ? ' ' Yes, and then ?' exclaimed the younger man. ' What then ? I find she draws her self up — boasts of her love for you — has not eveu the shamefacedness to deny it — and then you pretend you know nothing about It! BahP' He turned to the knapsack and continued his packing. For a second or two James Drummond stood absolutely silent. ' Miller, do you know what you said just now ?' There was no answer. 'Was that a lie?' 'You know it was no lie. You have stolen the girl from me. What is the use «f having more words about it ?' He went on deck. The beautiful, fair, still world around him seemed part of a dream. He could have prayed for a bolt of God's lightning to break the awful silence and assure him that he lived. He was in a trance, from which he could not escape. He was a dreamer that wrestles with his dream and strives to awake. It was no joy to this man to hear that a young girl had offered him the treasure of her first love. An in finite sadness filled his heart and blinded his eyes. The wild pulsations -within bis breast seemed so many stabs of remorse. His ' imagination was stunned by a gloomy sense of the irrevocable. He did not stir when George Miller came lip on deck. He regarded him as if he, too, were part of this wild, strange dream, as the young man hauled up the dingey, ' dropped his knapsack into it, and got in himself. 'Miller!' 'Well?' ' There is some frightful mistake about all this. Wait till they come back.' ' No, thank you ; good-bye. I have put an address on my gun-case ; if you can put it on board a goods steamer, I shall be obliged to you.' There was a splash of the dipping oars, and the small boat drew away towards thi shore. It was not for an hour after that James v Drummond saw any other signs of life along that solitary coast; then three figures came down to the rocks, and a shawl was waved. He called up two of the men and sent them ashore with the gig. That hour of self- communion seemed to have left his face somewhat tired. ' Where is Mr. Miller ?' said Mrs. War rener ; she guessed he had gone, when she saw the dingey on shore. ' He is gone away — to Loch Aline,' said Mr. Drummond, calmly. 'I want to speak to Violet 'by herself ? about this. V iolet, will you come down to the saloon for a minute?' She followed him down the steps and into the saloon; and he shut the door. She was trembling a little; why, she scarcely knew. Nor could she understand the great sadness of his face as he regarded her. 'Violet,' he said, 'is it true what he says ?' She involuntarily retreated an inch or two ; and her fingers were clenched in on the pabns of her hands. ' He told youthen ?' she said in a low Toice. ' Yes. Let us be frank. It is not true — my child, my child, you must tell me it 'is not true.' He clasped her hands in his, and for a second she was frightened by the intensity of emotion visible in his face. But her native courage did not forsake her. Her face was white enough, but she said, with out a quiver in the low voicfr— . : I i ? ** And-why do you wish me to say that ?' !' Don't you know — don't you know, my poor child? Have I kept my secret so well? Dontyou know how I have loved you, and hidden away all my love for you — so that I thought you had not even a suspicion of it that would grieve you — all to see you happy as a young girl should be happy, with a young husband, and plenty of friends, and a bright gay world, before her? And now — have Ibatrayed my trust— but, Violet, it cannot be true — you have bad a quarrel- ? ' She had been drinking in -every word— her pathetic anxious face turned up to his — her eyes swimming in tears. And when she seemed fully to comprehend the mean ing of his words, he was suddenly inter rupted. She uttered a quick, low cry of joy, and hid her face in his breast. The assurance she had longed for was given. He put his two hands on the rich folds of dark hair, and put back her head, and looked down into her eyes with a wonder ful tenderness and sadness in his look. ' What is done cannot be undone — I wish for your sake, child, it could. I have de stroyed your life for ever — you, a young girl, just beginning to know how fresh and beautiful the world is ? ' ' Did I know it was beautiful until you taught me?' she asked in a low voice. ** Have you not shown me what it is to be gentle, and noble, and unselfish? When I have been in your house I have been happy : outside of it, never. And I thank God for giving me such a friend.' ' A friend — if it had only remained at that,' he said, 'that would have been better for you, Violet.' Her answer was a singular one. She gently released herself from his embrace. She took up his hand, and timidly kissed it. ' You are more than my friend : you are my lord and master,' the girl said with a proud humility; and then she silently opened the, door and went out. That in terview was something for a man to think of during the rest of his life. Now during the remainder of that day some shade of melancholy seemed to hang about the spirits of this little party of tra vellers, which Mrs. Warrener naturally attributed to the fact of Violet having quar relled with her sweetheart. She would have the map examined to see the numberof miles ; and hoped he would, if he failed to reach the place, have sufficient sense to claim hospitality from some farmer. Amy was inclined to be cross with her friend ; for she could not understand why a girl who was so amiably disposed towards those around her should be so cruel to a gentle man who paid her the compliment of asking her to become his wife. On the other hand, Violet was more than ordinarily affectionate towards her former school-companion; andj not content with giving her a couple of lace handkerchiefs which had somehow got among her things, would press on her accep tance the much more valuable box of elaborately cut ivory, which contained them. 'Do you know, Violet,' the girl re marked, ' what mamma said about you the other day?' ' I hope it was something very nice.' 'She said it was a good thing for you your ears were fastened to your head.' -( Because otherwise I'd lose them.' 'No. Because otherwise you'd give them away. I don't know how you manage to keep anything.' The calm afternoon wore away : they had a quiet dinner in the saloon in the evening ; after dinner they sat up on deck, in the warm night-air, to watch the moonlight rise over the black hills. Then by and by the ladies went below, and James Drum mond was left alone. Somehow, as he sat there and bethought him of all that had happened during the day, and of the new future that lay before him, a singular and glad change of feeling set in. He would accept the great gift that had been given him, not to rejoice over it as an acquisition, but to cherish it tenderly as a trust. If it did seem so that this girl had placed her future in his hands, he would requite her confidence with an un ceasing love and devotion. Nay, he grew bolder than that. He would take it that the highest point in his life, too, had been reached; long after he had hoped for such a thing, the bright, beautiful time of exis tence had arrived — the year had yet its spring-time — the singing season of the birds was not yet over — there were sweet roses yet unblown — and a woman's heart and eyes to grow proud and glad at his ap proach. At last — at last! All the happy centuries the world had rolled through seemed but to have led up to this one cul minating joy. Now the heart might break — now his life might go — since the best the world contained had been pressed to his bosom ! (To be continued.) 