THE SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. CROWDS of-young .'people in New York hurried through the golden gates of matrimony during the last • two weeks of February ; for even in churches in -the fast ! of Lent is :not observed' Ahere is 31 • prej udice • against wedding in" so gloomy a season.- The columns of society -papers, , which , have - been, filled' with - .descriptions of bridal- receptions^ trousseaus,:.and presents, have ceased-Sos - glow for a .few;-weeks, and the Inewly-j; married folk. have leisure to arrange their possessions, take stock,'of""their capital of-youth, fortune, and loy^. an'd to settle down'to make suchnsejof itiais seems brst to them 3he Tribune willingly throws in a word of advice sis the fittest of. wedding .gifts. It is that they carefully search house, baggage, as_they setout;- on the .long jonniey together, they-take jioskele'tons^along'-with^heni. Your novel-writer,^playwright, and poet, find the inevitable ghostly tenant -of'ISb* closet a mighty -useftil personage. - -The* could not do without him; he -is made : to shoulder and lug in all -the tragedy, the dramatic situations, the telling points; but practieal.housekeepers or home-makers would; do( well to "begin their spring . cleaning and self-examinations by . ridding themselves of _all cadaverSjOr any sort- of" secrets which have-to. be kept out of-sight, astquickly, as possible ' Tlie. -skeleton . in -the majority/ of houses ruled.after the latest mode is -a mean econonyEwhere economy is.im wise, . .and lavishdisplay, in- circnmstances where ..display; .is vulgar.. The young husband, and wife; .if ithey. ^entnrewon housekeeping, at all, .wish, .first of alljito: impress their; -little: .world . with., thpirmeans and, good taste.- Parlour .and dining-room boast their* fine, .carpets^or imgs,-pictures, and bric-a-brac ;-there is -a showy «et of-china '.' for company . but . the mean skeleton slinks into.upper closets .with • the.-scanty.,-stock, of linen, or amonsr the : cheap fthin rpillows.sand hard mattresses,1 or ; down to the bare, comfortless- kitchen, w with: its- .meagre, supply .of pots: and;: pans,»;iTheie>;ai-e mansions: dnlibed -by .gaping.-,passers-Ay as; palatial, whose-drawing-rooms and state-chambersiare marvels Jof - luxury, - but whose kitchens -and-ordinary sleeping-rooms are scarcely :Jfit stoibe theiinhabitation ofpaupers: Ifour ambitious young housekeeper lias any such skeletons as this to hide,-or any other: result of her own indolence or ignorance; she may be sure her sm will, find-her. out, and that at the least convenient season. , S'^am magnificence never yet covered up poverty,, idleness, or uncleanness with its scanty, gaudy drapery. Tour fashionable -visitor will some' day catch a glimpse of the ragged table-cloth,"or the creeping horror of the basement— ghost harder to lay than Hamlet's father—will rise from his cavern m the kitchen sink to walk on-parlour brocar telle. There was an old custom among our great-grandmothers which required each girl to weave and spin hei- chests full of underclothing, bed and table linen, before she could hope for matrimony. .Thousands of honest, young couples with this provision, a cow, and a clean feather-bed, began, life courageously together, and.ended it with honour and success. ; Thousands -of their..,descendants, who are ashamed. of. them, begin it now with fine furniture and a showy house, and not . half the preparation for clean comfort and-genuine decency. : . .- ^ - There are other'..skeletons r which had better been.-thrown out - headlong from the new home: that old - love affair -which the husband passed through.long; ago, and which he goes back to mope over when he.happens 4o :be .dyspeptic or out of humour. It lifts 'him, he fancies to quite a poetic height—the possession of this lost love, .stored away for melancholy emergencies. The besfcway for his wife to lay ^tliis ghost '-is to bring him face to' face with his idle dream.- Ten chances to - one ; she'*is fat, middle-aged, and frowzy; but liiVfWj^ case the new man and woman/into:; which both have grown are most flikely to repel each other.: There are other cadavers buried m almost; every home ready to breed malaria.; grudges between husband and wife : ; sore old family feuds; unsettled disputes aboiit money. Many people too, keep a sort of charnel-house atmosphere about by means of incessant secrets.; they rap themselves in disagreeable mystery:: manage their children and friends a system of finesse ; they are apt too,-to possess sensitiveness beyond the comprehension of. .the vulgar; are always,in : the abvss of a quarrel or.on the heights. of .reconciliation. ..There are nowhole respectable skeletons in their houses, perhaps, but you walk knee-deep in bits of bones.,. Most, familiar, among skeletons is debt... Our .advice-to young housekeepersis ..to,- turn the whole misei-able .tribe .-out.-of-.doors,.: Dou't coddle them or temporise with them/or cover them up, but—at whatever sacrifice—turn them: out .of-- doors. . Then only:can you; hope for,honest,• clean; - cheerful (homes, in;.which :to .lives out; vour lives and rear your children .—New Yoik Tribune 