Local and District News. School Of Alts.— We remind our readers that a special meeting of the meinberB will take place this evening. ' Sale of Fancy Goods, &c; — On Saturday next, Messrs. Burnaga and Son' Will; sell by auction, at Mr. Tyrrell's shop, in Hunter-' street, a largo assortment of autlory, glass and (Jtnnoware, &e.; Important to Builders.— We refer our readers to an advertisement in- another column, respecting the sale by auction on Mon day next, by Mr. David Lndlow, of the'whble of the stock of Bobert Fa veil, builder, of Newcastle, and shares in sundry companies. Held Over.— Owing to the pressure of late advertisements, we arc compoljcd to hold over Sohool of Arts debate, and other local matters. Wo tako this opportunity of remind ing our constituents chat much troublo is caused i by sonding in thoir favars at a late hour. The Albion Hotel, Watt-street.— This old established hotel was submitted, to publio auction yesterday, at noon, on the premi-' ses, by Mr. Brunker. There was a very fair at tendance of capatalists, but the bidding did not reach higher, than £1700, and tho auctioneer was compelled; to withdraw the property, ^the price' offered not being eqnal to the reserve.' Lecture on Lord Nelson. — On Mon day evening last, a very interesting lecturo on the above calobrated naval hero was delivered in tho Primitive Methodist Schoolroom Glebe, by the Rev. J. S. Dobson. There was a very fair attendance. Mr. W. Davies presided. The lecturer sketched tbe Life of Lord Nelson, giv ing an account of every battlo in which he was eagaged, with tb» dates and most prominent fea tures of bis earner, and introducing several ro markablo anecdotos in connection with tho brave admiral's life. Tho lecture, which occu pied an hour and a-quartor in its dolivery, was. frequontly applauded, and at its clqso a hearty vote of thanks proposed by Mr. Sclby and se conded by Mr. John Dicksoa was awarded to the rov. lecturer, who briefly acknowledged the com* pliment, and the proceedings closed. The French Troupe.— This excellent company of pantomimists still continun to draw: very fair housoa. Last night Mons. Rcgaie ia troducod tho celebrated rope trick, ' suffering himselfjto bo bound in tho most intricato man ner by one of the audience with a stout lino, and after considerable difficulty extricating eiru self amidst the repeated ohoors of tho audience, who manifestsd their approbation in tho hearti ost manner, The programmo will be repeated thisevening,Friday,andon Satarday,tha Siogoof Paris will be performed with numerous startliug effects. Tho endeavours of this company to amuse tho Newcastle public dosorvo to be en couraged, and wo have no doubt will bo woll p tronised. Amongst .tbo attractions wo must not omit to rucntian the ballud singinff'by Miss Marion Saunders, which forms ono of the most pleasing features sf lee entortainmeut' Painful Accident.— A great deal of excitement prevailed yastcrday'crcning, amongst the inhabitants of Lalco Macquario Road, on tho spreadinc of intelligence that a young lady had been run over, and vory nearly killed. - It appears that a young lady named Pendlebury, in company with her sister-in-law, was returniig homo from town, but when near St. John's Church, a lad on horsobaok, riding at a smart cantor, rau completely over Miss Pendlobury, and Knocked nor down, leaving nor motionless on the ground. She was removed to tho nearest house, Dr. Doudncy was soon in atten dance. Upon examining the sufferer, Dr. Doudnoy found that she was suffering severely from a wound in the head, which had caused' a Blight concussion of the brain. After 'pres- cribing tho necessary remedies, the doctor had her roraovod to her residence) in a cab, at which time, about half-an-hour after tho accident, she was still insensible, lao lad was arrested, and brought before the Court yesterday morning, but. remanded till Wednesday next, the young woman boing declared by'her medical attendant , to .be.utterly unable to, .attend. ?,,„.?,*;? 'Annual Picnic' bfthe -£. N. R. Em ployees. — On Monday last the, .employees of £be Bail way hold their annual picnic at Branxton. The weatkor was bgautifuUy fine, bnt the op pressive heat interfered slightly with the plea suro of tho day. Under tho able management of tho Committee every preparation waB made for conveying the pleasure-seekers to and from the picnic cround, and for attending to their en joyment while thoro. At a few minutoa after seven o'clock the spocial train provided for the purpose, loft tho Newcastle station with a large number, bent upon enjoying themselves. The number was augmented at every station and, platform along tho line, till it roacbod its', destination. At Maitland, owing to the large' reinforcements several cattle trucks had to be impressed into service. Tho_ party arrived at tho scope of tho day's pleasuring — a paddock in tho vicinity of the Branxton station— about half past nine, where they wcro joined by a large party from Murrurundi and th* intermediate, stations. Tbo Committoe had provided music in tho shapo of the Waratah Brass Band, and Mr. Christie's company of juvenile musicians ; and many of tho young people joined in tho merry dance. Athletic sports wore also providod, and. several good prizes given away in races. Many preferred joining in the usual, games, of Drop Handkerchief, Bounders, &c;, and tha amuse ment and oxercise were kept up without inter-1 ruption, orcepting for lunch, untiljtho time;for' returning, about six o'clock, at which hour the two special trains started, homewards on their respective routes. The Newcastlo portion oftbe picmcers roturned at about ten o'clock; well pleased with their day's holiday-keeping. Wo. are happy to state that not the slightest evqnt occurred to mar the pleasures of the day, and the whole of the amusements reflect great credit upon Messrs. Higga and Boag, aud also upon tho committee. The excursionists reached Newcastle about ten o'cloct, having spent a thoroughly en joyable day. ''.'?.}'.' A Watery Paragraph.— In such a ter-, riblo dry time as the present thero is something salutary in the bard mcation of water. But It is without doubt still moro salutary to bo in it, as tho following notos of a river side sceno may servo to show.; They were, not made last sum mo;1, and it was not an Indian rivsr that was tho recipient of so many 'human forms divino.' Had it beon, probably it would. not havo given so many back. - Neither, would there have been, ' so subhmo a senso of freedom from danger as was manifested by the conversations and solilo quies of tho bathers. It does not much matter rthoro it was. Its' was not ' moonlight oh' the' i wators,' though it was moonlight on the bank — a fact which may uccount for tho caRar hurry, in which ono at least was in to onjoy himself boforo tbo moon roso highor and discovered his ? woll his heap of clothes. ' Far in the hazy distanoo, ? not of a lonely 'night in June' tboro was a party i of four mermen, wo will call thorn, and on tho i other side about as many mermaid j.not opposite, but soma distance apart, and shrouded from each others' views by 'night's sable mantle,' their owtfraantle* having for th« time beinj^beeHi laid aside _ Tho existence of thtte quartotts arid their different sexes was made known to some other water sprites farther along t lie banks of ' this far off river, by tho sound of thoir voices, as thay gave sundry cautions to on» another not to do this and to do thut, haWag an'^espeoial desire that the fish, which' Were very frolicsome' in tho pollUoid stream, should not be frightened liko Mr. Buchanan ' beyond measure' hor be yond expression. Having, this deairo-for tho feelings of their fellow deniiens of the 'shallo.ws for tho ^imo being, they did hot tnakoaa' unne- cessary disturbance. Not so, howoveri' a'solo- jquist lower down. He was on such excellent terms with himself that ho bubbled over with do light. and gnrgled, and laughed, and talked, and splashed and witbrl made such a commotion that one would havo supposed that, some water god imprisoned in solid earth for centuries had just been projected upwards, into his native element, and did not know how to make enough of it. While ho was thus jubilant the mermaids, ' who 'had tahen a moro sober pastime/passed along in procpssion, and seeing lome snirts fluttering nca , the water's edge talked of ghosts and. vanished.* Soon aiter tho othor tbe other aquatic bipeds ' traced tho samo path, but how'lbng the exemp lary bather lower down continned to perform his echghtful'ablutions the depondeht of the abovo facts cares not to toll us. — Siiujleton Argits. Tallerman's Table Talk.— We have received bo tbo last mail ths second number of what appears to fca a very useful penny monthly ? serial, published at 113, Oannon-streot, London, for the housowifo and the bread-winner As might' bo expected from the title, the publication is principally dovoted to explain ing to tho British publio tho advantages derived from the use of Australian moats pr jperly pre served and cooled. Directions with illustration are carefully given ag to the method of opening tho tins, upon which a great doal of tho success of the contents, ''especially in appearance, con sists. It has. been proved by eminent chemists that these Australian' pleats are moro economical , . and moro. digestible than ordinary .'butohera' meat. The great difficulty seomi to be in over- ? coming the old prejudice in favor of ' the roast beef of Old England,' whiob exist* in the mind of the English peop e, who forget that Austra lian moats are in roality' British, beef and mut ton fed upon Australian grasses,' and aro sim: ply ' moats cookod in their own gravy.' iTbe ) contrast between the price per; lb. of tr^o p're-,\ served meats and that of the English butchers' ' meat ought to bo sufficient to turn tho scale easily in favor of the former. Tho retail price of presorved beef, and mutton is sixpence and aovenpenco por pound, while butjehers' meat was - quoted, in London on. Novo'm»er. 1, 75,,at. from ; 10d.,to 12d. per lb., and in lomo eases more. It is thus calovlated that in each average house hold, a., saving of £11 4s. per annum might bo saved by the use of tho Australian meats, as well as holping. to, destroy.the monopoly in the prioe_ of b'utdhbrs' moat in England. That the Bale is increasing is proved from statistics which show that not many years ago, preserved meats were unknown ia England, while in 1874 no leas than 13,270 tons, valuedat £751,209 were im-' ported and consumed in tho United Kingdom. The experiment has had, and still has,' Much to'.' contend with through ,tko English, 'market' having booh flooded by largo quantities of badlV: ., E reserved meats from other, countries, but which avo been palmed off as'Anstralian, and tho gen uiuo.artielo has consequently suffered in public ? opinion, people refraining from purchasing on account of the evil report of tho spurious, pro vision. In due tine, however, prejudioo must yield to common sense, and the dictates of econ omy will cause housekeepers .to see, taste, arift judgb for themselves, and then 'Mr. Tallorrhan will realize that signal success he so thoroughly deserves, and which in »ur opihipa hb ra&a; is raora entitled to-*as a philanthropist of tho high est order, ?;':!':.; : ? : ?' u. ':[ The Amenities of Pressmen— The Melbourne .Herald, in aoticing Mr. 'Garnett, Walch's benefit, asked tho people of Victoria to give the greatest encouragement to. .'igenujno, . native talonti' fort as it very properly' sayr':- :- '[Tho sonorous recognition of suok claims liajt a most beneficial tendency in stimulating writers to come to the front who othoririsai'niight hidoT their light under a bhshol.' The onvious scribe who does the- theatrical for , the Sydney. Eclw lasbes himself into a frenzy of wrath on reading this, aqd thus oxpress his virtuous indignation : ? — ' When 'Mr: Garnott' Waloh was in Sydney i 'he was a Now South Welshman ; now that he is in Melbourno ho is'a'Viotorian. He is, actually a native of Tasmania, whero msst of his family ' are, wo bcliovc, located at1 the present timo ; and it is, rather nmusinp to hear him referred to as ' that ; well-known ' Victorian author.' and couracwie.nt asked for,' geptiine native talent.' Mr. VVajch went^fp^Molbourne as.an utter strangor to the city in 1872, and if he ever wa3 thoro befon), it could* o'n|y ,havo been on a casual visit. But; doabtlesstUis sort of claptrap « has itj,}vei/{l)t(»Tith[a.corUi!»iBl»ss-': -,A-i Victor- lan. paper iscontont to forget that Mr.. Walch was bbrt in Tasmania', and won his literarr spurs in New South Wales. It calls upon Viotorian people io forget' pretty local'1 jealousies and to remember only that Mr. Walch it a elever and deserving '? native Australian.' ? This gener ous attempt, to do a good turn for a man of ? ability is turned -by thd bilious rail -of the EcMs soribo— into ' claptrap.'' We- wonder' whether if Granny's shadow's critic had writton' a piece, and tho. Sveniitg News and tbe publio to encourago him as a '. colonial writer,' he would denounce' the attempt. to benefit! him as '* clap- , trap.' Wb' fancy not. It seems to us that tbo action Mr; Lszair took in 'gettuiR'Tiii burlesqne writton abroad, roused the, wrath of these local authors, but it should not render them oblivious to all sense of what isdue to Mr.Wnlch as a man of talent, and ono who was for somo time a jovinl and; honp'ired member ofj fhoir, «ct,r,-r Mr. -Wnlch is,1 as hb' has ever been, a'credifto his nro foasion. ;Succaas has not iurned bis head, and.-; ? now that ho has money in his purso, it is aa .' freely at rthe; disposal of his brothern ai'iit.wasV when it contained no more at times than would ' pay for a 'sliout round.' ,Garnett is tha same '„' generous— shall vro say improvident ? — genial' simple, old follow, full of charity, humour,- nad-' ?- good fellowship;1 tbo life of the wins party, the truo friend, and able man of lottors. Wo trust that his confreres in Sydney will rcjoicp at hiif* ' good fortuno, and tlia^, tbouph' he iriay at timon trench on! their ground.'.'he never seeks to cut them out, though he, frooly ouough exequtcs any ordors rivoji to.him...,Wo,trust,.to '.wo a little moro. gonei'ous .approval of the mau, and less snarling. ;bf,i!auso ho. has won a;prizo inthb.lot*i-ry 6 1 of literature, for, m this case: no. man better !ili-. \ sorced.a. slieo,of good luck;— Cimifioriajid TimMjJr '? ?Fob, 12,-187d.— [We aro Slnd to b«vo tlib oppon^ ~ tumty of adding our tribute' to tlvo mafk*il teniiiii^''' aud thoron^h' genial 'qualities ' of Mr.'''Garnir't*- - i Waloh, andhono will ri'Jbioe more tha'ti we 'shtflF^ to hearof hia/jbtaimnR still Rtcator successes than those ho has already achieved. Fiva year* aeo when wo sir ngers and friendless in thii cnUny G.a™°^!W.^' hr;n accqrdajiqejWith^hh-iPBlJnp^ - ot his naturd was one of tbo first to stretch' out the right hai d of fellowship to a then unknown ^-hemian, a d the fettw ha^nejer forgotten- it. ' ' Good-siundi} Tormentors'.-^A '' Nevt -Tfitker ? -~' Tisiting'Ohawbstpn say's, tllat' if tlio in6yqtfitooB'ir' ' ' there woro orW1 coloured to tho right shade, and domesticated) ho should tako them- for canaries' they aro so la-go and' musieoX ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ??????' . ?ThinknbotfimarriaRdas.wopleaso, thoro'Jsno' \ , plcasantor. . sy;bt: than a ; howly-wodded nbuplrf ' ? wnlking hom-fromohur-!h'.oa' the first SUhdar1' ' with the bridal mothor in tho fear thoughtfully ' idjustingjiihetwstleiirtd bac.l;bo*Tg of toohipiiy i Jaajhter. 1 ;i'i ???./?;?)/ :/, kt 