I %w PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list.'' TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for Let' sertion in the news columns should be addressed to The Forres. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected communications cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons interested we have to request that all business communications. Including advertisements, orders for the Eper, and remittances, be addressed to Woaos and iCKJKHOa, and not to Tim Enron. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER i, 1870. We are glad to be able to state for the information of our English, readers that the new free trade agitation moves apace. Hardly a day now passes in which we are not called upon to record the formation of some branch free-trade league. The executive committee of the central league has wisely determined to establish, wherever it is possible to do so, branch leagues in every centre of population throughout the colony. These branches will collect and distribute their own funds, and will be generally independent j but their connexion with the central body consists in their adoption of certain fundamental rules. All members of the league, whether they belong to the central league or to any branch, have the same object. That object is, To obtain by all legal " and constitutional means, the abo dition of all taxes levied through " the Custom- house for the benefit of " one put of the community at the " expense of the bulk of the population, " and the removal of every existing " obstacle to the unrestricted employ " ment of industry and capital," Further, every member of the league undertaken to do three (jungle. He undertakes to have his name registered on all electoral rolls when and where he possesses the necessary qualifications. He undertakes to vote at all elections where the interests of the cause are at stake. He under- takes to support, whether an elector or as candidate, united action in the selection of free-trade candidates. For the last-mentioned rule there has been for some time past only too great necessity. Election after election has been lost on account of the obstinacy and self-will of two or more free-trade candidates persisting in contesting elections for free-trade constituencies, and by the split they produced enabling the protectionists to obtain a seat for which in an even contest they would have had no chance. As a further means of remedying this great evil, the rules of the Free-trade League provide that, in the event of several freetraders becoming candidates at any election, the branch leagues in the electorate are to hold a general meeting for the purpose of determining which candidate they will support. We trust that these arrangements will be successful. Probably so far as mere rules go, nothing better can be done. But success in such matters depends not upon rules, but upon the spirit in which the rules are worked. We have repeatedly pointed out the marked superiority in all matters of discipline and party tactics that the protectionist party has hitherto displayed. The time has now come when the freetraders have acquired a proper organisation, and it only remains for them cordially to unite in rendering that organisation effective. We have, indeed, good hope that the appeal of the league to the great inert mass of free-trade sympathies throughout the country will not be ineffectual. In pursuance of the policy of the executive committee, to which we have referred, branch leagues. have been already formed in Alexandra, Ararat, Bexhill, Camperdown, Casterton, Castlemaine, Colac, Coleraine, Fitzroy, Hamilton, Nagambie, Sandhurst, and Stawell. Similar branches are in process of formation at Ballarat, Clunes, Dromana, Glee long, Maryborough, Matlock, St. Arnaud, Walhalla, and Wangaratta. In many other places steps have been taken to extend the movement, with every prospect of speedy success. Nine or ten tracts also have been printed in editions of from 12,000 to 20,000, and almost the entire number has been distributed. Subscriptions also, although on a very modest scale as compared with the immense sums collected during the Anti Corn- law agitation, are not wanting. We believe that they have been all raised in comparatively small sums, and that the promoters of the movement desire to rest their support, not exclusively on the aid of wealthy merchants, but upon the intelligent convictions and hearty good-will of the great body of the people. We have no doubt that the proceedings of the Free-trade League will be watched with no little attention in England. There is, indeed, both in a political and in an economic aspect, matter of deep interest in the approaching struggle. Statesmen will watch to see how long Victoria can support the unequal contest with sister colonies that day by day are becoming more distinctly liberal in their fiscal policy. The question has yet to be answered-Do democratic institutions necessarily lead to restrictions upon individual freedom of action Î It is not every day that the economist finds made to his hand an experiment as exact as even? a chemist or a natural philosopher could require. On opposite sides of the River Murray there are within a few hundred yards of each other, two townships, Albury and Wodonga. Both are supplied with the same goods, from the same market, by the same railway. Both are generally under the same economic conditions in all respects except one. That one difference is that Albury is subject to the New South Wales tariff, while Wodonga pays the protective duties of Victoria. But the prices of dutiable goods are considerably higher in Wodonga than in Albury. The difference in the consequent must be referred to the difference in the antecedent and there is thus clear inductive proof that the tariff of Victoria raises by at least a fourth the cost of living throughout the country. Yet, notwithstanding all this, it would be vain to deny the arduous nature of the struggle that the Free-trade League has undertaken. The protectionists are probably in a considerable minority throughout the country, but they are active, noisy, eager, and well disciplined. If the country could be polled man by man upon the one question, the freetraders would probably be found to have a very large majority. But as interested minority is always more than a match for an apathetic majority. It is difficult to make men feel their direct concern in so abstract a proposition as that of free trade. Men, too, especially in this country, rarely-if ever-vote upon a single question. There are a thousand local wants far more urgent in their eyes than any question of general policy, Even when they care for free trade much, they often care for other things more. Thus the task of rousing the latent energy and uniting the scattered sympathies of the party, is one of no common magnitude. But the greater the difficulty, the more will be the honour, and we are sure that the Free trade League, if it cannot command success, will take good care to deserve it. About a fortnight ago, a telegram dated September 8, was received in Melbourne, stating that the preliminaries of a contract had been arranged with the Messrs. GREEN, the ship- owners of Blackwall, with a view to the establishment of a monthly mail between England and this port via the Cape of Good Hope. As no rumour had reached us of any intention on the part of the English Government to enter into negotiations on this subject, we were naturally taken somewhat by surprise. Had the news come through a private channel, we should have regarded it merely SB an intimation from some person behind the scenes in London, that the firm in question was desirous of extending its connexions with Australia, and was endeavouring to ascertain what support it could procure apart from the regular passenger and goods traffic. But the information arrived in one of the ordinary press messages, and was given in such an unqualified and circumstantial way that it was only after a little consideration that people came to the conclusion that matters could not have proceeded quite so far as was represented. We were told that the steamers to be employed in the service were to be of not less than 4,000 tons burden and GOO horse power; that they were to bring the mails out in 42 days, and take them home in 44 that the subsidy was to be£30,000 per annum, and that the matter merely awaited the decision of the Victorian Government. However, a telegram forwarded by the Victorian agent-general, and promptly communicated by our Government to the press, soon put an end to all our mises, and showed that " the pre " liminaries of a contract," which were said to have been arranged, consisted of nothing more than a simple pro- posed on the part of the Messrs. GREEN to carry out a scheme which they have long been meditating, viz, to establish a regular line of steamers between some port in England and Melbourne, and to run the boats in such a way as to provide us with a duplicate mail service in consideration of the sum mentioned. The Government at once took the matter into consideration, and telegraphed a reply declining the offer. In adopting this course, Ministers were actuated by many considerations. In the first place our mail arrangements are at present tolerably satisfactory, and there is no urgent need for greater frequency or facility of communication. That some alteration ought to be made we are fully convinced, and to this we shall allude presently, but the change we advocate, and which alone we feel convinced will prove acceptable to the people of this colony, is of a general kind, and not of a patchwork nature, such as would result from the addition of another service by way of the Cape. Then, again, it would be unwise to give to one firm a practical monopoly of the carrying trade by the ocean route. It is evident that a subsidised line of packets could afford so to reduce its rates as to command the traffic, and the establishment of this preponderance would not only deprive us shortly of the benefits of competition, whereby alone the cost of carriage can be permanently maintained at a reasonable rate, and the comfort of passengers secured, but would also be unjust to the enterprising ship- owners who are at present, and have been for some time past, keeping up communication between the mother country and the colonies by swift steam vessels, without the aid of any subsidy whatever. It is almost needless to say that had our Government come to the conclusion that it was desirable to encourage such a service as the Messrs. GREEN have indicated, tenders would have been called for in the usual way, so that all the firms interested in the trade might have had an opportunity of competing on an equal footing. Another consideration, which doubtless weighed with the Government in declining to entertain this proposal, or to take steps to elicit others, is the fact that in all probability the Messrs. GREEN will be led by a regard for their own interests to add to the number of steamers at present following the ocean route. So decided is the preference evinced at present far conveyance by steam vessels, that they must either go with the times, or gradually drop out of the Australian trade, and looking at the immense number of steamers which cannot now find profitable, or we may say any employment, they have every reason to induce them to take the present opportunity of effecting a change in the character of their line. We need hardly say that we shall be delighted to see a fleet of steamers carrying the flag of this well known and highly-respected firm competing with the regular packets we have at present for a share of the public favour. As passenger vessels diminishing to a great extent by their speed and comfort the dislikes entertained by many to long sea voyages, and so promoting intercourse, they would be heartily welcome. Our interests, however, as regards a mail service, do not lie along the path they would travel. But the principal reason, we imagine, which led Sir JAMES M'CULLOCH and his colleagues to turn their backs upon the project, is that as a mail route for Victoria there is none that can be compared with that via Suez and Brindisi, and that all our efforts and money should be devoted to the task of improving the means of communication on this line to the utmost extent of their capacity. Until the expiration of the present contract with the P. and O. Company (February 1, 1880) the chance of effecting any great reform, beyond the establishment of a fortnightly service, is scarcely open to us, as the English Government, with which ours is to a certain extent mixed up in the matter, has engagements terminating on the same date. In passing, we may say that we question whether a fortnightly mail service by this route is greatly desired, now that there are two other regular services by which duplicate documents may be forwarded, to say nothing of numerous fast ocean steamers. But assuming such a want to be felt, it may be asked why not let the alternate steamers make the long sea journey Î The answer is that not only do the vessels proceeding via Suez put us in communication with England, but also, directly and indirectly, with the whole of the East, the Levant, the south of Europe, Mauritius, and the Cape, while, at the same time, the resources of the company which carries on the service are so extensive that a breakdown occurring at any stage of the voyage only involves a comparatively slight delay, instead of bringing about a total collapse. The supporters of the Cape route claim for it a decided superiority in the event of a war in Europe bringing hostile fleets into the Mediterranean. But as long as the San Francisco line is available, this advantage is imaginary, and of course it would always be possible to despatch steamers direct, if the necessity should arise. However, to proceed with our subject, we would point out that when the present contract expires an arrangement of a very different sort will have to be come to. Although our mails are now delivered with commendable regularity and usually in advance of contract dates, the time occupied in transmission is altogether out of keeping with the age. In the court of a few years we shall assuredly want steamers road right through from King George's Sound to Suez, touching at Aden, at, a speed which will bring us via Brindisi, within 32 or, at the oat-] Bide, 35 days of London. The expense! of such a service, we are aware, would! be considerable ; but, seeing that nearly every letter from the Australian colonies, -yd including New Zealand, would pass through our hands, we should recoup ourselves for a large portion of our outlay. This is the goal towards which all Victorian Governments should look, refusing to be turned from the paramount object by any representations in favour of routes which nature has put at a geographical disadvantage. j We published last Friday the substance of a despatch from the Earl of CARNARVON to the Governor of QUEENSLAND, stating the reasons which induced HER MAJESTY to withhold her Royal assent from a bill of the Queensland Parliament to legalise marriage with a deceased wife's sister. No difficulty has arisen respecting the old controversy, and Lord CARNARVON expressly concedes that such marriages when celebrated in Queensland are, so far at least as Queensland is concerned, within the undoubted com- petence of the Queensland Parliament, nor is there any difficulty as to the effects of such a marriage in other countries, because each country must' determine for itself how far it will recog niBe any foreign marriage. But the Queensland bill provided that a marriage celebrated in any other country between a domiciled Queenslander and his deceased wife's sister should be valid in Queensland. It is this provision to which Lord CARNARVON takes exception, and his objection involves the consideration of a very intricate branch of the law. We will endeavour to state as clearly as we can the principal rules which regulate the recognition of the marriages in our country by the courts of another country. Marriage in its legal aspect consists of two parts. It implies-first, a contract, and next a status arising out of that contract. By the term "status" we understand a large body of exceptional law, by which the rights and duties of the spouses, as between themselves and as regards third parties, are determined in a manner peculiar to themselves, and differing from the provisions of the general law. Much of the difficulty which has beset this question has arisen from a neglect of this distinction. Some persons insist upon the contract alone ; other persons argue exclusively upon the status. As usually happens in such controversies, both are right, and yet both are wrong. Each has got hold of a half truth. Marriage involves both seen tract and a status, and a foreign country may acknowledge the one, and yet refuse to recognise the other. In the case of ordinary contracts the general rule is, that the "Lex Loci contracts" prevails. That is to say, when a contract is made in one country, if it be valid according to the law of that country, it will, subject to certain exceptions, be enforced by the law of every other country. This rule holds even though the contract be one which, if it had been made within its own jurisdiction, the enforcing country would not have recognised. Gambling debts, for example, if they were incurred in England, would not be recognised by an English court, yet English courts have enforced gambling debts contracted in France or Germany, But to enable a country to enforce a' contract made elsewhere, it is necessary that that contract should have been binding in the place where it was made. Other-! wise, there would be nothing to enforce. If a man were to ask a French court to' enforce a gambling debt incurred in England, the answer would be that no obligation had been incurred in England, and that the court could not give effect to that which never had any existence. So if, under the old law a man and woman who could not be lawfully married in England without the consent of parents or guardians, crossed the border, and were married in Scotch form and without such consent at Gretna Green, that marriage, if otherwise unobjectionable, was good everywhere. The lex local contracts prevailed, and that, too, although the parties had crossed the border for the sole and avowed purpose of evading the restrictions of the English law. On the contrary, if two English people were married in a foreign country according to the forms of the English Church, which forms, however, did not constitute in such foreign country a valid marriage, such marriage would not be recognised in England. There would in such circumstances be no contract for the English courts to enforce. We have said that a Scotch marriage, such as we have described, was accepted In England if it was otherwise unobjec ," tionable." The English law recognised and enforced the Scotch contract. In ordinary circumstances, the status followed at once upon the contract, and included it. A pair of lovers made a contract of marriage in Gretna Green. That contract was acknowledged in England, and the parties were accepted by English law as husband and wife, and sa governed by the law of husband and wife-. But if the parties stood to each other in some relation which the English law regarded as an absolute incapacity for marriage, what would be the result. Suppose a marriage duly celebrated at Madrid between an uncle and niece under a dis- pensation from the POPE, Such a marriage would be valid according to the law of Spain, but no one would suppose that it would be recognised in England. The English law would say that the contract might for certain purposes be good, but that they were unable to declare that such a contract gave rise to the status of husband and wife in England. The sum, therefore, of the matter is, that if a marriage be lawfully contracted in one country, that marriage will be recognised in every other country, provided that, according to the law of that other country, the parties are capable of inter- marriage. Let us now apply these principles to the present case. We must promise, however, that for the present purpose not only are the colonies regarded as foreign countries, but the several parts of the United Kingdom itself are, as between themselves, foreign countries. In other words, the law of marriage, which one might suppose to be, if any question ought to be, an Imperial question, is local in the highest degree. Coder the English law, marriage with deceased wife's sister is void. Two consequences follow from this enactment. One is, that such a marriage.' contract' made in England is void. The other is, that the English courts are prohibited fromattributingthestatusof husband and wife to such a marriage contract, made in a place where it is confessedly good. The Queensland bill provided that such a marriage should be good in Queensland, that is to say that such a contract made in Queensland is good, and that the status of husband and wife should immediately attach thereto. If it had stopped there it probably wouldhavebeen sufficient, and the Queensland courts would have allowed the status of husband and wife to all cases where, according to the Lex Loci, the marriage contract was valid. Unfortunately the bill was so framed as to provide that the status should be given to an invalid contract. That is to say, that persons unlawfully contracting to marry in England could, if that bill became law, call upon the Queensland court to recognise as a marriage that which never had been a marriage. This error our Victoria act avoided, and Lord CAKNAENON suggests that act as a safe precedent to the Queensland Legislature. It is obvious that the objection to the bill is fatal, and we presume that the Queensland Parliament will not hesitate to amend it. They can accomplish all that they desire by adopt- ing the course Lord CARNARVON suggests, and, apart from any question of competency, it is manifestly unwise to infringe without adequate cause upon a fundamental principle which directs the comity of nations. The next P. and O. steamer to bring the mails is the Bangalore, which left Galle on the 24th July, and will be due at Glenelg at the end of next week. The members of the Legislative Council had a somewhat lengthy sitting yesterday, and advanced the business on the notice paper materially. The Bill to Regulate the Proceedings of Dealers in Old Metals was read a second time, and passed through committee, after some time had been wasted in discussing a proposal to exempt mer- chants who dealt largely in old metal for export from the provisions of the measure. The proposal was, however, opposed on the ground that this would be class legislation, and ultimately it was negatived without a division. The Jnriee' Law Amendment Bill, the Colonial Bank Bill, and the Australasian Dramatic and Musical Association Bill were advanced a stage. When the House went into committee on the Education Act Amendment Bill, Sir Charles Sladen brought forward the new dance of which he had given notice, providES that school buildings should be used for giving religious instruction in, when not required for secular education. This caused a lengthy discussion, but, as the general feeling appeared to be that under clause 12 of the present act the MID is ter had power to grant the use of the school buildings for that purpose when be considered it desirable, and that the adoption of the clause was likely to jeopardise the bill, Sir Charles Sladen ultimately agreed to withdraw his motion. The bill then passed through all its remaining stages, and shortly after 7 o'clock the House adjourned until this afternoon. The whole of last night's sitting of the Legislative Assembly was wasted in a discussion on the Government proposal to add Monday to the ordinary three sitting days, with a view to expediting the public business and bringing the session to a close early in December. The Opposition objected to the proposition, ostensibly in the interests of the country members, and Mr. Munro moved as an amendment that the House should meet at half-past 2 o'clock on the present days of sitting. Some country members on the Ministerial side objected to meeting on Mondays, and the Government represented that it would be impossible for Ministers or professional men in town to attend at half-past 2 o'clock. Sir James M'Culloch then proposed that both the motion and the amendment should be withdrawn, with the view of adopting a suggestion by Mr. MacBain that new Government business should be allowed to be taken after 11 o'clock at night on the present meeting days. Sir C. Gavan Duffy strongly objected to this, on the ground that there was always a dangerously this House after 11 o'clock, and that the Government would be left practically without re- straint. Mr. Casey insisting on a division, the Government voted against their own proposi- tion, the numbers being 45 to 8, and Mr. MacBain's suggestion was adopted by a majority of 29 votes to 23. For the remainder of the session, therefore, the Government will have the right of calling on any measure on the paper after 11 o'clock. To-night after the Electoral Bill has been dealt with, it is proposed to proceed with the water supply votes and the Estimates. The Torres Straits mail steamer Bowen arrived at Cooktown on Monday evening, but in consequence of an interruption of the telegraph lines, we did not receive the intelligence until yesterday. She brings European news to August 18, but it contains little of interest. Regarding affairs in China, it is stated that a general feeling of insecurity is felt on account of the prolonged negotiations for the settlement of the difficulty with England. Even war, it is asserted, would be better than the present condition of water. tainty. It was elicited in answer to questions by hon. members in the Legislative Assembly yesterday that the matter of making provision for the widow of the late Wm., Thacker, who was postmaster at Geelong and Ballarat for nearly 30 years, had been referred to the board now sitting which had been appointed to deal with cases of this nature that the cost of arming 10,000 meat would be about £52,000, and that no scheme of defence for the hay would render it impossible for hostile ships to enter that the Mining department was justified under the circumstances in refusing to forfeit the lease of a Mr. M'Dougall for a mine situated near Alexandra that there were no funds at present available to provide better accommodation at the Williamstown pier, but the matter was one which would be dealt with as speedily as possible ; the expenditure, however, would be very heavy, and it would be necessary that a complete scheme should be carried out that steps were being taken to construct the fencing of the second section of the Gipps Land Railway and that it was intended to reserve land for cemetery par. pos OB in view of the crowded state of the cemeteries in and around Melbourne. The report of the board of visitors to the Observatory and the Government astro- homer's report were presented to Parliament last night. The board reports that all the instruments are in good working order, and the establishment generally in an efficient and satisfactory condition. The board concurs in Mr. Ellery's recommendation that the results of the observations made with the great Melbourne telescope should be published, and approves of his proposals regarding intercolonial weather telegrams. The board is of opinion that the propositions in the Government astronomer's report on this point are likely, if put into practice, to lead to a greatly improved knowledge of the weather generally, and especially of movements of storms along the coast lines and it urgently recommends that Mr. Ellery be accorded all the help necessary to enable him to carry these views into practice. Mr. Ellery's report describes in detail the work done at the Observatory during the year, and gives the results of some scientific investigations made by him during his visit to Europe. An estimate of the expenditure for water' supply which the Board of Land and Works proposes to incur during the year ending 30th June, 1877, under the Railway Loan Act 1890, was presented to the Legislative As eemHylait evening. It was proposed to grant the following loans to the undermentioned public bodies Ararat, £25,000 . - Stawell, £83,50G, for the following purposes Payment to Messrs. James M'Ewan and Co. of the amount due under their contract for the supply of pipes, castings, and, for the Stawell Waterworks, £40,330 19s. 7d. s payment to the Victorian Railway department of the amount due for the carriage of water pipes, castings, its, £0,743 9s. ; completion of the waterworks at Stawell, £30,431 11s. 5d. ; Dunolly, £3,052; Newham, £41500! St Arnaud, £7,000; Talbot, £10,000; Beechworth, £10,000 ; Inglewood, £1,500; Wangaratta, £1,000; Chiltern, £700 making a total of £140,258. A return was presented by Mr. Jones to the Assembly last evening, showing the total available rolling stock on the Victorian Railways. There are 55 goods and 56 passenger locomotives, 204 carriages, 1,977 waggons (including sheep and cattle trucks), 94 vans, 25 horse boxes, 23 carriage trucks. The Treasurer received a deputation yesterday representing the promoters of a projected tramway company, who desired to ascertain whether it was the intention of the Government to introduce a bill dealing with this subject The Mayor of Melbourne and the acting town clerk were present on behalf of the corporation. Sir James M'Culloch stated that no measure of that kind could be introduced this session, but that the subject would be included in the bill to establish a metropolitan board of works which would be brought forward next session. A considerable amount of interest was manifested yesterday afternoon in the election of an honorary physician to the Lying-in Hospital. Two candidates had been nominated, namely, Dr. Rowan and Dr. Balls Headley. The election took place by ballot, opening at 2 p.m. and closing at 4 p.m., in the Athenaeum- hall. Mr. H. Jennings acted as returning-officer, and about an hour after the polling was closed announced that the result was as follows Dr. Rowan, 312 ; Dr. Balls-Headley, 235, Dr. Rowan was therefore elected by a majority of 77. The Telegraph department announces that a steamer will leave Penang for Moulmein to-day, by which telegrams for Europe will be forwarded. It is intimated in a supplement to the Government Gazette that the Turf toll- gate, and the Cowan's toll-gate, in the shire of Ballarat, abolished by the Local Government Amendment Act, as producing less than £500 per annum, have been restored. Application was made to the Chief Secretary yesterday by the Dandenong Shire Council to re-establish certain toll-gates within their district, which were closed in consequence of their returns being below the required standard. Two of the tolls were required as check-gates for the main road toll, and these Mr. Macpherson consented to re-establish, but as check-gates only, the three tolls to be let as one, and one payment to pass the three gates. He refused to re-establish the Mordialloc toll, which returned only about £200 a year. The work done on the Flemington train- ing ground yesterday morning was of a moderate character, and there were very few spectators present. The first to appear were Cleohte and the Shadow filly, who did fair work on the outer circle. Mr. Mitchell's trio-Torchlight, Electricity, and Adelaide did a steady canter, and were followed by Pioneer, who was treated to moderate exercise. Dilke had a steady canter by himself, and was then pulled up. Afterwards he went a good strong gallop of a mile and three-quarters, going well. Disraeli and Troy went once round steady, and then did another round at a good pace. Wollamai had some steady work by himself, going along nice and freely. This horse is not looking so big as he was this time last year. Sevior's string did steady exercise. Napoleon, Rapidity, and Southern Cross did a steady gallop on the outside circle. Crumbs and ElMore did a good half-mile, then cantered, and finished up with another fast half mile. Neotsfield went a steady gallop on the outside track, finishing with a mile at a faster pace. Don Alphonso and a chestnut filly did a fast half mile together. Rowe's steeplechasers did fair work. Late in the morning. The Deer went twice round the outside gallop, going at a nice striding gallop. The work done was spread over a long time, and it was late in the day before the training-ground was deserted. Sir Hercules Robinson's horses, under the charge of their trainer, Mr. J, Lamond, were landed from the B.B. City of Adelaide yesterday morning, and sat on to the stables formerly occupied by Mr. S Harding, at Essendon. The Bering consists of Valentia, Clifton, Tocal, Queen's Head, Viscount, and Habana. The trip down was a very pleasant one and the horses were landed in excellent condition. The following horses were scratched yesterday for the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Races at Caulfield My Darling Mignonette for the Corinthian Cup, Don Silva for the Open Handicap Hurdle Race, Politician for the Open Handicap Hurdle Race and Ama tour Hurdle Race. The weight of Too Late in the Open Handicap Hardie Race is Cat. Lovers of coursing will regret to hear of the death of Mr. H. Gore's game little greyhound Bluelight, whose splendid performance during the past season must be fresh in the memory of coursing men. She met with her death in the most singular manner. The Creswick Advertiser says .-" It appears she was fighting with another greyhound on Friday evening, when the other dog pinned Bluey by the neck, causing her to put out her tongue, which her antagonist then seized and dragged out, causing her death shortly after. Mr. Gore refused 150 cows. for the slut after her last victory." Bluelight was the runner-up to Jupiter, the winner of the Ercildoun Cup, Her next essay was in the Trawalla Stakes, which she carried away almost unchallenged, and she gained further renown when she was hailed the winner of the Ballarat Champion Stakes, wherein most of the best greyhounds of the colony competed. An adjourned meeting of old metal dealers and marine storekeepers was held yesterday evening at the Old Lamb Inn, Elizabeth street, for the purpose of hearing the result of the interview of the deputation which was appointed to wait upon a member of the Legislative Council in reference to the bill now before the Council for the better regulation of marine store?. Mr. Gleeson occupied the chair, and the trade was well represented. Mr. Gale, as one of the deputation, stated that they had waited upon the Hon. J. P. Bear, M.L C, who, after hearing their objections to certain clauses in the bill, had promised to use his best endeavours to obtain such amendments in the measure as would place manufacturers or consumers of old metals on the same footing with old metal dealers and marine storekeepers. Mr. Bear held that if the bill were allowed to pass as it at present stands, the marine storekeepers would not be entitled to the same privileges as the manufacturers, and that the latter class would secure a monopoly in the trade Mr. Bear also agreed with the deputation that section 4 of schedule 3 in the bill in regard to the amount of metal the dealers were allowed to receive, would act unjustly as regarded the dealers. The chairman expressed his opinion that the deputation had placed the views of the trade before the hon. member in a very lucid manner. It was stated that, should the bill pass with. out amendment, it would have the effect of throwing about 1,500 men out of employment, and would greatly add to the list of the unemployed. It was also asserted that upwards of £100,000 was turned over in the trade in Melbourne annually. A committee was appointed, consisting of Messrs. Gale, Evans, Benson, Haydon, and Gleeson, to take steps to organise an association to protect the interests, of the trade generally. The usual weekly meeting of the managing committee of the Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday. The chair Was occupied by If F, Plunkett. The tray of the awttqig WW almost entirely taken up with matters relating to the professional staffs of the hospital. The members of the Victorian Protection League met at the Temperance. hall, Russell street, on Monday evening last, at 3 o'clock, to enrol members and elect the executive The Hon. W. A. C. A'Beckett was elected president, Messrs. James Fullerton and W. J, Dore vice-presidents, and the Hon. Robert Byrne, treasurer. Messrs. Owen, Innes, Miller, Gillespie, P. Barratt, J. W. Thomson, Perrott, Kelleher, Weymouth, and Yeomans, were elected members of the executive committee. The eighth annual meeting of the Colonial Permanent Building and Investment Society was held last evening, at the Union Club Hotel, Collins-street west, the president, Mr. J. Chatfield Tyler, in the chair. The report and balance- sheet having been taken as read, their adoption was proposed by the chair, man, seconded by Mr. Wa lovers, and carried unanimously. Messrs. Wm. levers, It, Jack, and Chas, Ogg, the retiring members of committee, were re-elected. The action of the committee in appointing Mr. G. A. Mouritz as auditor, in place of Mr. R, T Blackwell (resigned), was confirmed, and Messrs. C J. Lucas and 6 A. Mouritz were re-elected as auditors for the ensuing six months. The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. It was notified that the usual dividend of 10 per cent, per annum would be payable on and after Thursday, the 5th inst. At a meeting of the City Licensing Bench held yesterday the following transfers were granted 'Kent Hotel, Elizabeth-street, from John O'Rourke to James Killigrew; Australasian Hotel, Elizabeth-street, from Wm. O'Dwyer to J. G. Denny National Hotel, Queensberry-street, from Mary Dooley to Wm. Davis; and Duke of Sussex Hotel Elizabeth-street, from Mary Ryan to W. Rowe. An inquest was held by Mr. Candler, at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, on the 2nd instant, on the body of Matthew Faust, a patient, who died on the 30th ult. It appeared from the evidence that on the 23rd of last month the deceased was suffering from diarrhoea, and was sent to the hospital ward. Dr. Patrick Smith, resident medical officer, at first attributed the diarrhoea to the stench from the Poudrette Company's works, which was then very offensive, but having subsequently learned what the post-mortem appearances were, he was disposed to consider that the diarrhoea was the result of the condition of the intestines. Mr. Rudall said he had made a post-mortem examination, and found that the cause of death was tubercular consumption. There was nothing to show that the diarrhoea deceased suffered from was due to the emanations from the Poudrette Company's works, but there was at the same time no doubt that the smell of de- composing animal matter would of itself produce diarrhoea. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died from tubercular consumption. The final heat of the scratch fours in connexion with the Civil Service Rowing Club took place on the Upper Yarra on Monday afternoon, between Messrs. Crofts' and Cullen's crews. After a very fine race, the latter won by about a boat's length. The names of the winning crew are-Maynard, bow; Clegg, 2; Newham, 3 and Callen, stroke, A special general meeting of the club will be held at the Port Phillip Club Hotel, on Thursday next, at half-past 7 p.m. There are at present only two crews training for the Departmental Challenge Cap, which is to be rowed on the Lower Yarra on the 14th inst The crews consist of : - Education - Whitton, how ! Smart, 2 ; Newham, 3 and Cullen, stroke. Lands-Pearson, how; Cook, 2; Longden, 3 and Cummins, stroke. The entries for this race close on Monday next, the 6th Inst,, at half-past 7 p.m., at the Port Phillip Club Hotel. During a recent discussion in the Legislative Assembly regarding the statistics of crime in Collingwood, the champions of the "purloins" averred, that, compared with Sandridge, that place was the chosen haunt of virtue, especially as regarded the number of arrests made in the course of the year. The Sandridge Council took immediate action with the view of removing the stigma sought to be cast upon the district, and requested the Crown Law Department to furnish a return of the arrests made in the locality during the year. The return as applied for was furnished by the sergeant in charge of the Sandridge division, and was as follows Total number of persons arrested during the two years ending August 31, 1870, 2,755 ; number of seamen and other non residents arrested, 2,200 ; number of residents in the borough arrested, 549\. Thus, only one fifth of the crime was indigenous to Sandridge, and several of the councillors expressed their indignation at the recklessness with which the charge had been made. It was agreed that the return should be sent to each of the metropolitan papers for publication. At the meeting of the Sandridge Council, last evening, the annual report of the municipal valuers was laid upon the table. The return stated that the number of properties in the borough was 2,119, rated at a net annual value of £53,593. The number of properties last year was set down as 2,073, valued at £50,778. During the year the population had increased from 7,309 to 7,503. The annual tea meeting of the congrega- tion of St Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Carlton, was held last night, the Rev. D. S. M'Eachran, pastor of the congregation, presiding. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. Laurence, Independent Church, Collingwood, on the characteristics of the present age by the Rev. Mr. M'Donald, of the Presbyterian Church, Toorak, on the signs of a prosperous Church and by the Rev. Mr. Ball hache, Albert-street Baptist Church, on how to secure immortal fame. The Rev. S C. Kent also made a few remarks appropriate to the occasion. Selections of music were given by the choir of the charon, assisted by some friends. The meeting terminated with the usual votes of thanks, A fatal accident occurred yesterday afternoon at Messrs. M'Culloch and Campbell's saleyards in Bourke street. A coloured man named William Anderson, CO years of age, who earned his living by assisting with horses at sale yards, was kicked on the breast by a young colt. He was removed to the Melbourne Hospital, but died before reaching that institution. An inquest will be held on the body by the city coroner. A man named James Spencer, 33 years of age, was admitted to the hospital yesterday en Hering from a fractured leg. He had been working in the hold of the steamer Queenscliffe at the Queen's wharf, when a cask slipped from the slings, and fell upon him, causing the injury described. A woman named Mary Droney was also admitted, suffering from a similar injury. She had been chasing some fowls near her house, in Sackville street, Collingwood, and when jumping over a fence fell, and fractured her leg. Complaint has frequently been made that the minimum penalty under the ports and hard bout s regulations is much higher than necessary, and a decided opinion to that effect was expressed by several magistrates on the Williamstown Bench yesterday. A waterman named Reggie was summoned by the Customs authorities for boarding a vessel on her arrival in the bay from America before she had been cleared by the immigration officer. The man admitted having boarded the vessel, and stated that his business was to get the job of taking the warp when the ship was being berthed at the pier. The magistrates considered they had no option but to convict the defendant, and they therefore imposed the minimum penalty of £6, One of the justices mentioned that the penalties were much higher here than at home or in the other colonies. A grocer named Richard Lloyd, residing at Williamstown, was complained againstlat the WilUtUDBtown Full Court same-day not being the owner of a dog, which attacked a boy named Barry. The boy was bitten very severely on the leg by a dog four weeks ago as he was leaving the defendant's shop. Lloyd acknowledged to-the'mother-and a person named Carroll that it was his dog which bit the boy, and promised to pay the doctor for attending him. It seemed that the affair was likely to be arranged amicably, for Lloyd took the boy to live at his house. After he had been there a few days, however, the mother took him away, and these proceedings were instituted under the 13th section of the Dog Act The Bench dismissed ; the case, as they considered the mother had condoned the offence by permitting her boy to go to Lloyd's to live. No costs were allowed. An inquest was held at Geelong yesterday, before Mr. F. Shaw on the body of Thomas Lilley, one of the victims of the outrage on the Colac-road, who died on the preceding , day. The jury first viewed the body at the hospital, and then proceeded to the gaol, where the inquiry was conducted, in the presence of the prisoners Todd and Bartrop Superintendent Furnell examined the various witnesses. The depositions 1 of Lilley were read, and the evidence given was mainly a repetition of what has been already published in The Argus. Mrs. Scott stated that he considered that death was caused by exhaustion from the injuries received. The proceedings lasted over five hours, and were adjourned shortly after 7 o'clock till this afternoon. After a somewhat prolonged retirement, our old friend the sea serpent has once more shown himself. According to news by the Torres Straits mail, the passengers and officers of a vessel, the name of which is not given, while on the voyage between Penang and Malacca saw a sea monster which they concluded must be no other than the great serpent. It was apparently 250ft long and 50ft broad, and was ornamented with black and yellow stripes. The monster made no hostile demonstrations, as he is sometimes said to do when vessels cross his track, and the story altogether is not so wonderful as many others of a similar sort which have previously reached us, although it is, no doubt, just as true as any of them. " At the conclusion of the business before the Sandhurst Court on Monday a respectable miner, named George Coulson, came forward and stated," says the Bendigo Advertiser, " that without his will or consent a boy of his aged 14 years and nine months, ' had got under the influence of Madame Sibly, the mesmerist,' and he was informed that he was so demented as to follow her like a dog at Echuca. He had written to Madame Sibly respecting the boy, but having received no answer, he wished to know what he could do in the matter, and having been advised as to what steps to adopt to secure his son, be left the court." ' "The Rev. F. R. M. Wilson's Life of the Rev. I. Hetherington, of Melbourne, is," says the Camperdown Chronicle, is announced for publication early in November. The work will be chiefly valuable as a record of the earlier movements of the Presbyterian body in Victoria, with which Mr. Hetherington was connected from the first The attention of travellers by the Richmond railway and road must have been attracted by the preparations which during the past week or two have been in progress on the vacant space of ground below Flinders, street secured for the performances of Wit. son's American circus. This circus is by far the largest which has yet visited these colonies, the number of performers, human and equine, exceeding 300. The arrangements, therefore, are necessarily on a scale of magnitude far above those of other entertainments of a similar kind with which we have been familiar. The agent of the circus was fortunate enough to obtain a very central site a portion of the Flinders reserve, between Flinders-street and the railway, having been leased to him for a period of three months by the City Corporation and Board of Land and Works, who are joint trustees. To render the site suitable for the purpose involved a large amount of labour and considerable expense. The lower portion of the ground required to be filled up, and the higher portion to be levelled, in order to obtain a proper rink. The canvas tent in which the performances are to be held in of immense size, and there are two or three smaller tents utilised for various purposes, each of which would be large enough or a circus of an ordinary character, one of the tents, indeed, being that used for Chiarini's circus, which visited Melbourne about three years ago. Tiers of seats have been erected around the arena, and sitting accommodation provided for five or six thousand people. Care has been taken by the officers of the corporation that these seats shall be strongly and securely fixed, and by their directions alterations to ensure increased strength have been made. The whole area is fenced in. The entrances will be from Flinders-street, two wide staircases having been built We may mention that in Melbourne for the first time Mr. Wilson will combine his entertainment of the circus and the hippodrome. The outer rink is unusually broad, and will be devoted to the hippodrome performances, while the circus entertainment will take place within the inner rink. The central enclosed area will be used for acrobatic and clowning feats. It is announced that the circus will open on Friday next. This evening Mr. Edwin Adams will make his first appearance at the Theatre Royal in the character of Enoch Arden, in the drama of that name, which has been specially arranged for Mr. Adams from Tennyson's poem. This drama has been received with very great favour by audiences in many parts of the United States. The performances at St George's Hall have been rendered more attractive by the production of a new ghost dramatic entitled "Christmas Bells," written for Dr. Silvester by Mr. Garnet Walch. The story turns on the conversion of an old hard-hearted miser named Hardman by a series of ghostly appearances at Christmastide. The appari- tions are well managed. The piece is very well received. The full and final rehearsal of Costa's " Eli" will be held to-night in the Town-hall, commencing at 7 o'clock precisely. For the public performance of the work, which will take place on Thursday, an improvement is to be made in the arrangement of the choir , seats, which it is expected will promote the more perfect fusion of the tones of band and chorus. Full announcements appear in our advertising columns. . A moonlight concert was held in John. i stone-park, Geelong, last evening, under the auspices of the Geelong Fire Brigade, the ' proceeds to be devoted to forming a fund towards carrying out the united fire brigades' , demonstration to be held in Geelong in May, 1877\. The night being very beautiful, in duced a large attendance. The park was well illuminated, and there was the usual display of fireworks, the proceedings being enlivened by excellent music discoursed by 1 Walker's band. A very successful musical and illusions? entertainment was given in the Temperance 1 ball, Queensberry-street Hotham, last night, i in aid of the funds of the Convent of the Good Shepherd, Abbotsford. The illusions were performed by Professor Le Clerc, and constituted the chief attraction in the entertainment the majority of his tricks being very cleverly performed. Miss Alice Le Clerc, Miss Kennedy, and Mr. J. Clifton acquitted themselves very creditably in the musical portion of the entertainment, and Miss C. Vincent did good service at the piano. There was a fair attendance, and the audience were very liberal in their applause. A meeting of the Australian Natives' Association will take place to-night, at 8 o'clock, at Hookin's-roome, Blii&heth;'Stteet The amateur entertainment for the Civil Service Cricket Club takes place at the. Melbourne Athenum to-night The annual football match, Old Boys v. Present Scholars of the Church, of England Grammar' School, bM' Meta. «raogérOor Friday afternoon next, on the school grounds , Mr. George Robertson has in the press a story by Mr. Marcus Clarke, entitled Two in the rush; a Tale of the Bird-in-Hand. The novelette, which deals with a peculiar and interesting phase of colonial life, will be published in November. The Melbourne Debating Society met at the Assembly-hall, Collins-street, on Monday evening to discuss Mr. R. S. Brain's essay, "Can the Educational Demands of the Roman Catholics be Conceded ?" The subject was well handled by the essayist, who fairly met those demands, and showed how unreasonable they were. The discussion which followed took a decided turn in favour of secular education, the majority arguing that the Catholic demands were inconsistent, and should not be allowed. At the board meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association held last evening, the treasurer announced that nine gentlemen or ûrING had promised £100 each towards the building fund, and that during the past month about £300 had been received for the fund. It was decided that the half-yearly meeting of members and friends should be held on the 26th inst, at the Collins-street Baptist Church. The name of Mr. Henry Cornell, the hon. secretary of the association during the last five years, was added to the roll of life members. We are requested by M. de Pury, the Swiss Consul, to acknowledge the following additional donations to the Swiss Inundation Relief Fund R. Jenny, £5 ; 15 Berthoud £3; G. T. A. Lavater, £2 2s.; F. K. Orme, P.M., £1 Is ; E. Brett, £1 la.; H. G. Turner, £1 Is.; John Matheson, £1 Is.; C. Ibbotson, £5; Taylor, Buckland, and Gates, £2 2s.; Louis Groux, £1; Alberto Kelman, £1 ; Carlo Pescod 55. ; farther collection from Lilydale, £13 ; collected at Geelong, £40; Messrs. Hurry and Briggs, £1 Is.; previously acknowledged, £90 16s. 7d.; total, 167 19s. 7d. Further donations thankfully received at the Swiss Consulate, 21 Queen street. 