MEETING OF SYNOD. The Syncd met at the Church Society's House, Phillip street, at 4 o'clock, the Metropolitan presiLng. Prayeis were read by the President. The following members answered to the roll : — The Bishop of Sydney (Metropolitan), the Bishops of New castle, Brisbane, Goulburn, Tasmania, Grafton and Armidale, Bathuret, Ballarat. Representatives, Diocese of Sydney— Clerical : Canons A. H. Stephen, H. S. King, B. Allwood, and R. L. King : the Revs. H. A. Palmer and C. F. Garnsey. Lay: Messrs. W. Barker, W. J. Foster, B. Knox, andS. Smith and Hon. A. Stuart jjiocese oi A.aeiaiae — uiencai : Axcnaeacon Aarryan, me Rev*. W. B. Andrews and E. T. Howell. Lay : Messrs. N. Blyth and C. B. Young. Diocese of Melbourne Clerical : Dean Macartney, the Revs. R. B. Dickinson and H. H. P. Bandneld. Lay : Hon. T. T. a1 Beckett and Sir W. F. Stawell. Diocese of Newcastle— Clerioal : Canons Child, Selwin, and White. Lay: Messrs. C. Bolton, and J. Hannell. Diocese of Brisbane — Clerical : Archdeacon Glennie, the Revs. T. Jones, and James Love. Lay : none. Diocese of Goulburn — Clerical : Archdeacons Pownslland Puddicembe ; Canons Dmitt and Scares. Lay: Hon. C. Campbell, Messrs. T. H. Mate, W. J. Watson, and F. R. L. Rossi. Diocese of . Tasmania— Clerical : Archdeacon Browne, Canons Brombie and Hales, and Rev. A. Mason. Lay: Messrs. Tarleton, and R. P. Adams. Diocese of Grafton and Armidale -Clerical : Rw. J. F. R. Whinfield. Lay : Mr. T. H. Smith. D-ocese of Bathuret— Clerical : Archdeacon Gunther, Canon Smith, and Rev. A. R. Blackct. Liy : Messrs. J. M. Marsh, W. H. Suttor, jun., and Cosby W. Morgan. Diocese of Ballarat — Clerical Archdeacon Stretch. Lay : none. The President read the following ADDRESS. My Right Reverend and Reverend Brethren, my Brethren of the Laity,— With great satisfaction and with devout gratitude to Almighty God for our unioninthe common faith of our Lord and baviour Jobus Christ, and for His provi dential care in permitting us to meet in this second session of our General Synod, I bid you welcome, and ask for you and for myself that our gathering together may be for the furtherance of the highest interests of the Redeemer's Kingdom. Since our first session in 1872 a few changes have taken place. We meet in diminished . numbers though the Episcopate has received an additional member t - its body. We lament the absence of our dear and valued brother Biehop Perry, and the diocese of Perth is not represented ; bat we thankfully acknowledge the go -dness of God in per mitting as again to see the former Bishop of Perth amongst us as Bishop of Brisbane, and we oiler a cordial greeting to our brother the Bishop of Ballarat fresh from his abun- , dant labours in discharging the office of Bishop in the dio ease of Melbourne as well as in his own. It is to be regretted that the Bishop of Melbourne and die Bishop of Perth cannot be present, but circumstances over which we had no control nave led to the General Synod being held at the present time. It was understood that file Lambeth Conference was to take place nest year, and as I was compelled to contemplate my absence from the colonyat the same time, and there was an objection to the postponement of the General Synod to 1878, 1 arranged to summon it for this year. When the time for holding the Lambeth. Conference was postponed, and my own circum stanoes had become changed, it was tos late to make any alteration. . With reference to the appointments to Brisbane, Bal larat, and Melbourne, we have great c luse for thankfulness to Almighty God for the good providence under which the vacancy in each of those sees has been filled up. Looking at the high character borne by the early Australian Episcopate it was apprehended by some that worthy successors would with difficulty be found. These fears nave not been realised, and the importance of the field . of labour' offered by the Australian dioceses appears to have been appreciated by our brethren at home. Nor should we omit to observe the recognition by the mother Church of the provision made by the determination of the General Synod for the confirmation by the bishops of Australia and Tasmania, of the nomination of a Bishop to a vacant see. Though the three appointments differed in some particulars, Ballarat being a diooeee at that time with* - ont a synod, Brisbane requesting the Australian and Tas manian Bishops to appoint and Perth delegating the ap pointment ' to the Archbishop of Canterbury, yet in each case the principle laid down by the General Synod was' carried out, and the confirmation by the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania was sought and obtained. ' The principle is an important one, as affording protection fa'the Church in the colonies against improper appointments to the episcopate. The Lambeth Conference is postponed to 1878, and it is understood to be the wish of the Archbishop that the bishops desiring the conference, should intimate the objects aimed at end the subjects to be discussed by the conference. Our relation to the Church at home is a subject which to me appears one of practical, and it may perhaps be said of -vital importance to our well being and continuance in the laith. There are those who desire the revival of the Patri aiooate in the see of Canterbury, and some churches have expiated themselves in favour of a proposal which to others teems likely to place the independence of the Colonial churches in jeopardy. Idoaot see how this change, gnat as it unloubtedly would be, can be made, nor do I consider, that our union with the Church at home -would be materially affected by it. JQpon the question of our union with the Church at home much light is thrown, as it appears to me, by means of three important -ijgments of the Privy Council upon questions ?'J* Jc in 'the dioceses of Cape Town and Natal, to which I ?fill ask your attention. The first of these was delivered by the late Lord Kings down, June 24, 1863, and is known as Long v. Bishop of Capetown. The second by Ihe late Lord Westbury, on the 10th June, 1864, In the case of the Bishop of Natal. The third by the Master of the Bolls, Lord RomUly, November 6, 1866, in the case of the Bishop of Natal v. Trustees of the Colonial Bishoprics Fund. Th&efieot; of these various judgments is to deprive the - Letters Patent of an assumption of conferring coaroive jurisdiction upon the Bishops, whether metropolitan or sufiragan, who held them. The judgments plaoa the Bishops, clergy, and members of the Church of England in thirrespeot in no better and in no worse a position than ether denominations. Letters Patent cannot oonfer juris diotfon upon a Bishop, or establish a Metropolitan See, whose statue, rights, and authority a colony having rabre- I sentative institutions is bound to acknowledge. ' When the first judgment had been given thethen Secretary of State for the Colonies (the Duke of Newcastle), liri consulting the law officers of the Crown upon the subject, wrote to the Governors of the colonies in which the Bishops were supposed to be affected by the judgment as follows: — ' I am aware of no reason whatever for supposing them (the Letters Patent) to be invalid otherwise than th^y assume to grant this coercive jurisdiction. The Bishop's corporate character and any other incidents of his episaopal position which result from the Letters Patent remain untouched by the judgments.' These judgments assume that the supremacy of the Crown extends over all her Majesty's dominions, that colonial bishops appointed under Letters Patent have a legal existence, they are, in the language of oae of the judgments, 'the creatures of English law,' and and dependent on that ' law for their existence, rights, and attributes.' Their statue, both ecclesiastical and temporal, must be ascertained and defined by the law of England, and their legal existence depends upon acts which have no vali dity or effect except on the basis of the supremacy of the Crown. The first judgment proceeds on the assumption, and is wholly based on the foundation, that the Church presided over by Bishop Gray is a portion of the Church of England. No suggestion is made that the Church at Cape Town is not paitof the Church of England, and this view of the rela tion of the Church in the colony to the Church at home is confirmed by the subsequent decisions of the Privy Council in the two other case3. While coercive jurisdiction is not conferred, both parties (i. c, the two Bishops) are declared to be ecclesiastical per sons, created Bishops by the Queen in the exercise of her authority as Sovereign of the realm and temporal head of the Church of England, The third judgment carries this view of the question still farther. Commenting upon Lord -Kingsdown's cele brated dictum, that ' the Church of England, in places where there is no Church established by law, is in the same situation with any other religious body, in no better, but in no worse position, and the members may adopt, as members of any other communion may adopt, rules for enforcing discipline within their body, which will be binding upon those who expressly or by implication have assented to them,' the Master of the Rolls says these words do not mean that, because the members of such a Church constitute a voluntary association, they may adopt any doctrines and ordinances they please, and still belong to the Church of England, but that if a class of persons in one of the dependencies of the Crown, having an estab lished Legislature, should found a Church, calling them selves members of the Church of England, they would be bound by its doctrines, ordinances, its rules, and its dis cipline, and obedience to them would be enforced by the civil tribunals in the colony over such persons. It follows from this that we, who in the various oolonies in which our dioceses are situated, call ourselves members of the Church of England have a right to be so regarded and treated. We claim the name, and it is a principle of our own communion that we shall be regarded as being in truth what we are by profession, and shall be so treated until it is shown that we are not what we call ourselves. To deny us this privilege would be to place us in a ' worse position' than the members of other denominations. Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Roman Catholics, are treated as such, and we, when we call ourselves members of the Church of England, are strictly members of that Church, though severed by a great distance from the mother country and from our parent stem. (Applause.) It has even appeared to me important that this legal identity of the Home and Colonial Church should be main tained, ' because,' to quote the words Of the Master of the Rolls, ' so long as the law in the final judgment of it must be administered by civil tribunals according to the laws of the Church of England, so far as such laws are applicable to the colonies, and this with a right of appeal to the Sovereign in Council, it is reasonably certain that the law will be uniformly administered among all the de pendencies of the Crown which possess an estiblishid Legislature, and have not any religion established by-law. But if each Church is to consider itself a separate \- nd independent Church, though in union a* 'I full com munion with the Church of England, and if - ich Church claims to profess full power to make rules ana ordinances, for ite guidance in each separate coleny, and to ccastitute an ecclesiastical tribunal under the Bishop and entrust him with full power to enforce such rules and»: dinan6.es without any appeal to any tribunal, but the ' forum do mesticum' of t tie Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, it requites but little foresight to predict that in a very short time, humanly considered, the colonial Churches theugh calling themselves in union and full communion with the Church of England would, in forms and ordinances and in matters of Church government, differ widely (from1 each other and from their parent Church. Nor is it too much to say that some alteration of doctrine would probably in many cases follow upon the alteration in the discipline and government of the Churoh:' And here I observe tint in the life of the Bishop of Capetown, there is the follow ing notice, which confirms the statement of the Master of . the Rolls :— ' The Bishop of Natal has got into great trouble . . , by mistaking the extent of a bishop's power, altering services, omitting portions of the Liturgy, and introducing others, e.g., a new offertory and prayer tor Church militant ... in fact, acting as sole legislator for the Church. . . . My cry has always been the ' lex scripta ' of the Church. It is the only standing ground fora bishop in a land where tnei-e is no Civil law to back him up. . . . He has startled people and shaken con fidence, and they ask— What next?' And again, pige 436\. 'I have advised him to abandon the changes which he had no. right to make, and fall back upon the ' lex scripta'' , . * . But, on the other hand, by carefully maintaining oar position as members of the Church of England, there will be one Church in all the colonies, each association being part of the parent Church, and all the ministers, bishops, priests, and deacons there officiating, and all the persons composing the several flocks, members and brethren,of the Church of England in the strict sense of the term. 'These opinions I have always 'held, and time, experience, and die nistory of men and of Churches serve to confirm me' in them. - In toy view of 1Mb matter, we are an integral part of the Church of England, and bound by her laws so far as they are capable of being applied to a Church which is not established by law, and I consider that our endeavour should be to preserve that union which these judgments declare does exist. It is true that the desire for independence and freedom from . civil restraint on the part of a portion of the Church, and a disinclination on the part of the State to interfere in r ecclesiastical matters, has led to the organization of Churoh Assemblies not recognized by English Church law ; ' but our aim has been to work upon the lines already laid ' down for us, and to maintain the union wbioh has hitherto subsisted. .1 know not what advantage is to be gained by taking a mt re independent line. The Church of England in this - colony is quite capable of meeting all the demands arising from the circumstances and spirit of the age, without any alterations beyond those which the wisdom and experience of our home rulers may sanction. If it is desired to hold mission services, to preach in theatres or the open air, to organize temperance and total abstinence societies, to utilize the services of the laity, for these things we have the highest sanction of the Church at home. The division and shortening of 6ennoes, the occa sional services, the power of preaching without previous services, the inquiry meeting after the mission service ; .all these we have, and in theseways the elasticity of our ordinal and ite suitableness to all occasions and seasons is evidently seen. If it appears to some that unnecessary restraints are placed upon us in other respects, I trust that, apart from , considerations arising from the inexpediency of changes in our practice, it will always be felt that law, though neces sarily accompanied by restraints, is preferable to that license which acknowledges no rule but ite own views of duty. Another subject upon which it is necessary that I should address the 8ynod is, the relation which this diooeae bears to others in Australia and Tasmania, and which I myself bear to the Bishops— the question in short of my position as Metropolitanof AntrtraKft v9 Tumi''* This subject arises, as all present are doubtless aware, from certain questions asked ia the Synod of the Diocese of Sydney, haying reference to the action of the Diocese of Melbourne in the formation of the Diocese of Ballarat. It appeared to those who framed and asked those questions, that the positim and office of the Metropolitan had been overlooked. I may express my regret that the questions should have appeared at all offensive, as I am sure it was not intended they should be ; at the same time I venture to claim the right on the part of the Synod of this diocese to ask for information respecting a matter which affected the position of its Bishop, and apparently involved a general question of Church government in these colonies. Theee questions and answers attracted the attention and awakened the apprehensions of the learned and able prelate who governs the Church in South Australia, and whose absence at this time I unfeignedly regret, and called forth from him an earnest protest. On the part of the diocese of Melbourne, also, discussion arose, and, setting aside all minor points, it appears to me that the subject may be regarded thus : 1\. In what sense, if any, am I to be regarded as Metropolitan ? 2\. How far is my position affected by any appointment as Primate 'i 3\. What is our proper course under existing circum stances ? 1\. I may assume in this assembly that there have been from very early times Metropolitans and Suffragans, and that this relation is known and recognised in the Church of England and in these colonies. In Australia and Tasmania the relation between the Bishop of Sydney and the other Bishops has been repeat edly acknowledged in the mest public manner. In October, 1850\. the Bishops of Sydney, New Zealand (not then sepa rated), Tasmania, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Newcastle met in Sydney as ' Metropolitan and Bishops of the Province of Australia,' and agreed upon certain resolutions which were embodied in a report for transmission to the Archbishops and Bishops of the United Church of England and Ireland. In November, 1868, the Bishops of Sydney, Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Tasmania, and Goulburn met in Sydney, and, describing themselves as the ' Metro politan and Suffragan Bishops of the United Church of England and Ireland in the Province of Australia, as it is at present defined in the Letters Patent of the Lord Bishop of Sydney,' pnblishedfor the consideration of the Churoh in Australia and Tasmania, in its several dioceses, certain conclusion!: at wbich they arrived upon matters affecting that Church. And, in 1872, the Bishops of the various dioceses in Australia and Tas mania met first in general conference and then in General Synod, presided over by the Bishop of Sydney, describe 1 in the published proceedings of those meetings, as Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. It may also be added that all the Bishops abovenamed, with two exceptions, took the oath of canonical obedience to the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney and to his successors. The BishopB of Grafton and Armidale and Bathurst took the oath of canonical obedience to the Archbishop of Can terbury, and subscribed a declaration of submission to the Metropolitan See of Sydney. So far, then, as tp the recognition of this office of Metro politan in Australia. By the designation of the Crown I am Metropolitan of Australia, that is, I am such a Metropolitan as the Crown has the power to create. After what I have said as to the effect of the decisions of the Privy Council it will be understood that I have not coercive 'jurisdiction, I have not the power of receiving appeals from other diopeses, nor will an appeal lie from my decision to the Archbishop of Canterbury, all which the Letters Patent profess to give. The second judgment states explicitly that after the estab lishment of an independent Legislature there was no power in the Crown by virtue of its prerogative to establish a Metropolitan see or province, or to create an' ecclesiastical corporation ' whose status rights and authority the colony could be required to recognise.' I beg particular attention ti these last words, 'whose status rights, and authority the colony could be required to recognise,' because it is not denied that the Crown could by its prerogative establish a Metropolitan see or province, but the denial is to this effect, it cannot establish one with coercive jurisdiction. And so further; when Lord Weslbury's judgment affirms that the Crown has no power to assign to a bishop, a diocese, or give him a sphere ot action within the United Kingdom, the Crown can only do this by statute, as in the cases of Manchester and Ripon, the same is true in the colonies ; beoause after a colony has received legislative institutions, the Crown stands in the same relation to that colony as it does to the United Kingdom. The comment of the Ma-ter of the Rolls upon the passage in Lord West bury's judgment is very important, and. is as follows : — . ''It is not intended to state that the Crown is unable to appoint a person a bishop, and direct him to exercise his functions in a colony . . . within certain defined limits. . . . Nor is it intended to state that the terri tory, the limits of which are so defined, would not consti tute a Eee or diosese properly so- called, but it is thereby 'intended to state that tile Crown has no power to constitute' a see or diocese analogous to a see or diocese within the limits of the United;Kingdom of England and Ireland, in vesting the bishop with coercive jurisdiction.' He further addstnat. 'it is not the coercive jurisdiction which con stitutes the see or diocese.' \- What then is it that in the cases under consideration con stitutes a see or diocese? The action of the Crown, based upon the supremacy; the. will . of the Crown being signified by the letters patent. It is no answer to this to 'say that the' letters patent are worthless, because they have purported to convey certain.powers which they cannot con vey. The letters patent, according to the third judgment, may be generally valid, and yet be ineffectual to confer any privilege which is not inherent in the office of a bishop; they may make him legally a bishop, and confer upon him certain powers which he may legally exercise, and vet at the same time purport to give him other powers which he cannot legally exercise. But the circumstance that such excess of power is attempted to be conferred in and by the letters patent; does not render them wholly invalid; or vitiate that portion of them which confers powers which may be legally exercised. . . ? ? . . in a correspondence between two of my friends upon this subject the following passages occur: 'I find that the Master of the Bolls maintains that the letters patent are not waste paper^ that they are valid for the purpose of, in , a sense, appointing or making a person to be. a bishop, with directions to exercise his functions within certain, defined- limits,-' and' this .is so, although the letters patent are ineffectual to confer on the Bishop jurisdiction, that is the power of enforcing personally, and as a court, the execution of orders given by him in the due exercise of the authority attached to his ttatus as a Bishop. I find, too, that the Master of the Bolls reconciles this view with the Privy Council jugd ment in Long v. Bishop of Cape Town, and shows that it is consistent with holding that the Crown cannot create in a colony a bishop and a diocese, like to a Bishop and a diocese in England.' . The correspondence then proceeds thus, and I draw particular attention to the argument, ' If the letters patent can appoint a person as Bishop, and validly limit the exercise of his functions as to locality, they may, with equal validity, also limit the exercise of hu functions in the way of subordination. In the «ne case it is not necessary that a legal diocese should exist, so in the other it is not necessary that a legal province should exist. The ecclesiastical act of consecration confers upon the per son consecrated tile character of Bishop, with all powers and authorities incidental to the office, and to the status thus created the letters patent attach themselves. But then let it be further observed that, at consecration, (he Bishop, by the oath of [obedience, ecclesiastically subordinates himself to another Bishop, and I therefore conclude that the letters patent may as 'validly act upon and give effect to this relation of .subordination, as they act upon and give effect to the general position of Bishop ; in other words, aupoint one person a Metropolitan and another a Suffragan Bishop.' -e In the judgments delivered by Lords Westbury and BomQly there is nothing whatever to be found in opposi tion to this view of the effect of letters patent ; on the con trary, the former makes the supposition that the ecclesias tical relation of metropolitan and suffragan may have been created by letters patent. His language is as follows : — 'Let it be granted or assumed that the letters patent are sufficient in law to confer on Dr. Gray the ecclesiastical status of metropolitan, and to create between him and the Bishop of Natal and Graham's Town the personal relation of metropolitan w4 suffragan as ecclesiastics, yet it is quite clear that the Cr jwn hai no pover ~~\ I any jurisdiction or coercive legal authority upon, the M^f 1 potitan over the suffragan-bishops, or over Inl £°- 1 person.' ? other 1 In the judgment of the Master of the Rolls ft J nothing whatever to militate against the conclusion tu ' I the letters patent can appoint a person a Sn^' «f validly limit the exercise of his functions as t« i ,and 1 they may with equal validity also limit the exewii^f ???' functions in the way of subordination. The limitati™ . 1 the Sovereign's power has reference to the conferrin °i 1 jurisdiction, but it is not the coercive jurisdiction »C-1 ' I constitute* the see or the diocese. J l8Ulcnon which It is not in my power to define the nature and extant t 1 this relation, or the obligations which flow from it Th may be fought in the records of the Church ; they mw i? defined by ourselves ; they may perhaps more easily ba 1.4' to the good -feeling of all parties actuated, as we are bv oommon desire to keep the unity of the spirit in the'b nS of peace. It is evident that no Metropolitan authority can be exercised contra innitos, but a recent occurrenr* may seem to illustrate the manner in which that relation should be recognised. I refer to the diocese of Melbourne in the matter of the formation of the diocese of Ball»r«t The Act of the Victorian Legislature (18 Viet., No «V ' which enables the Church Assembly to regulate the affai™ of the Church in that colony expressly renders necessary the consent, under hand and seal, of the Metropolitan, i 7 as we understand it, the Bishop of Sydney, to any act of the Assembly which affecte the subordination of Bishops, clergy, and laity to the Metropolitan, i gave my consent . under hand and seal to the an pointment of the Bishop of Ballarat, notwithstanding what might have appeared and. did in fact apn&w; to some an informality in the previous proceedings ? and on the part of the Churoh Assembly of Melbourne I thankfully welcomed the suspension of the Province Act i 86 opening the way for a peaceful solution of the ecolesi- ! astical difficulty which had arisen. It certainly does appear to me' that one clear conseqaenoe ! of the relations between the Metropolitan and the other i Bishops is that the Sufiragan should not do an act in viola- ' tion of that relation, 6uch for instance as without the consent of the superior Biehop dividing his diocese. It is not improbable that such an aotfwould give rise to embarrass ment, if questions arose in carrying out trusts affecting property left for the use of the whole original diocese wbich it might be convenient to adapt to the altered state of matters created by the division cf the diocese. On the supposition that a Metropolitan See and a Metro politan were called into existence by letters patent this further question is to be considered, what was the effeot of the appointment of a primate upon the office of Metro politfn. It has been contended that the Metropolitan's office was, so to speak, superseded by the primacy, and that the accept ance of the latter was equivalent to an avoidance of the former, and some surprise has been expressed that suoh a view of the question should not be entertained by all parties. On the other hand it must be said, and will no doubt be believed, that equal surprise was felt by others that such aa opinion should nave been held. The misunderstanding' probably arose from the different views entertained of the Primate's office. There was a desire on one side to give to the Primate a position corresponding in some way to that of the Metropo litan over the whole of Australia and Tasmania. Others caiefuUy limited his powers to the General Synod. He is not styled Primate of Australia and Tasmania, nor even Primate of the General Synod, but for the purposes of the constitution of the General Synod he is known and desig nated as Primate. In section 3 of determination No. 1, it is resolved tha whenever a vacancy shall occur in the Primacy, the Bishops constituting the House of Bishops shall elect one of their own number as Primate. If Primate then meant Primate of Australia, it would be an anomaly that tixe House of Bishops ehould. be able to elect a suffragan (who had perhaps just taken the oath of obedience tp the Metro politan of a Province) to be the Bishop to whom as Primate that Metropolitan would be subordinate. But if Primate be simply for the purpose of the constitution, the anomaly ceases. * ' It will, I feel assured, be found that my relation as Metropolitan to the various Australian dioceses was j the basis of .all proceedings for the formation of a General Syncd, and. that nothing was done in forming the General Synod, to alter my position of Metropolitan. If I insist upon this view it is not for the purpose of. claiming jurisdiction, but to maintain th»t order in forming the Colonial Church in Australia which is .essential to pre vent it from falling into a state of confusion and final severance from the Church at home. I trust that we shall be able to maintain our union in the General Synod notwithstanding this diversity of opinion, and I will now proceed to state what I have done, ana what I hope may be done, with this end in view. . _ Ab the General Synod contemplated the formation of Provinces and the appointment of Metropolitans, and me Church Assembly in Victoria had obtained powers for the same purpose, I considered that this object would be facili tated by my resignation as Metropolitan of any part of Aus tralia which it was proposed to form into a Province. How this resignation was to be effected was a question which I submitted to the Archbishop of Canterbury. His Grace granted a personal interview to Bishop Perry, the Dean of Sydney, and Mr. Gordon, Bishop Mooihouse being also present. . A few days afterwards his Grace submitted the matter to the Vicar-General of the Province in the following form:— The opinion of .the' Vicar-General is requested, upon the following point:— ' . . ' The Bishop of Sydney is, by Letters Patent issued at the time of his consecration, constituted Metropolitan ot Australia. The Bishop desires the Archbishop of Canter bury's assistance in divesting himself of the Metropolitan office in relation to any portion of Australia which mayJw formed into another Province. The Archbishop of Canter bury understands that'euch'new Province can now -only W practically formed by a voluntary arrangement of the Aos tralian dioceses. ' The question for the Vicar-General to consider is whether there is any mode by which the Bisnop of Sydney can resign a portion of his diocese. ' I had hoped to receive the Vicar- General's opini* before the meeting of the Synod; there wae i ample tune for it, but some delay has arisen, and I can ouy . state what my own view is.; Assuming that wb Master of the Rolls is correct, I stand in W- relation of Metropolitan to the other dioceses ^r Australia and theirJBishops. It foUows that any arrange ment which is not intended to ignore Church rtlauwMW and organization aB they have hitherto existed, should ^pro- ceed on universal consent, i. e., on my express consent as Metropolitan and the consent of the other Bishops wa» have hitherto been regarded as my suffragans. # , In the matter ot the Jf ormation of other Provinces, ana my proposal to resign the Metropolitan relation to any por tion of ^sbalia,S lam advised by the Archbishop thrt this can be done, and the other dioceses, including myom- give their consentil ehould feel justified in carrying om the arrangement. . . , -f .ljqii What I personally am bound to care for is that it snau not be open to allege that by some act of mine toa W»'» of England in Australia has broken away ^m the Chorea at home. This could not be said if the Crown gajei consent to the act done. This consent cannot, however, w obtained, because the Crown in Church matters resolved to be passive. This being soj foe consent oiu» ecclesiastical head of the Church of England wonMswn sufficient to deprive any act done of the character oi ^ ruption. And even supposing no direct ^^^tfcr kmd were given, still, if ^withrull knowledge of *»»»% no objection wereiade to the act, I ^'f; the circumstances, feel that the &*&\--* ^ini, Colonial Church Would not be really. comP^ '£ The case against myself is thus. I being bg» * ^ give. Metropolitan oversight over ^..^^jTZln for itainfrom doing so to a portion of it. The 1^*3 to this can be made complete; the legal may '? ?™JSa|. be defective, but in the absence of nf'*MtaBi» i£ ^ tion on the part of those who have full OPP^'^^ feks torvene and objeot,the legal defect ««^j*™*2i rf the the form of an act of abandonment of the status ow «* existence of which the question arises. _ ..jjnstinff '*? I truBtthatno difficulty will be found in ^^^fcerfl proposed legislation of the present session to the y» ^b^erer.it d»ouldbe ***ed *fS?t£*SJ& aOtUtt in the f grmation of Provinces, and uw appow'— I ^- — ? ? ~t hire no objection to this delay. Dis ? KeWP^'f^JL, advice may throw additional light npon I cU»'^^^f I 8haU be the last Metropolitan ap ? liembjowi-^S-- patent, my death or resignation may I «*** ** affinity out of the way of the final settle I r^^^fnnSion. No practical inconvenience is likely I O*4 of ££, ST I have no desire to exercise my office ? to a'1?6 '^We I should not be received as Metropolitan, ? jn «^ooeset'iLe that matters are in such a state of for ? sndl'8^0 onvnartof Australia as to make it impera I *aisaet0anrv that we should in the present session I ** 'ISeroination on the formation of provinces. ? frgmea ^^eBe observations, I have been actuated by ? ^ m87ire to maintain our union, while at the same I s SD«re aw™ .t ^ due to tije diocese over which I preside ? time I f*l^-B as the parent and met -opolitan diocese of ? ^t its. CT^H jjOt be overlooked in any legislation now ? Ao»ttaU£'T and that I should nee all due care in proposing I M hd^g« M as not to impair the Positionof my 8UCCessors ? to'ti-eeee:he yarious subjects to be brought before us I I 'J0* «fher observation than this, that I am anxious, f or ? '^^.niiR that a determination for the formation of I ^^ Bhotdd be passed. This was a part of the ? ie^IWftiie last session, which was not concluded, and ? ^^liportantthat a portion of northern Queensland I Sdbe formed into a separate diocese. I 'K nrnnosal has been under discussion for some years, I P^rStviBit to North Queensland, I was able I 'ttain the wishes of the members of the Church of I ^Wl and to obtain not only from them, but fro in the I ber* of other Protestant denominations, very liberal I ^Thf^oiie^S'the Propagation of the Gospsl have ? vad £400 per annum, and for the salary of the Bishop, I ?Shas already been promised from other sources, ? li this will be further increased. This diocese I 11 be one of considerable extent, and afford a field of I M»refitine labour— chiefly of- a missionary character, for I Snarer is appointed will have the opportunity of forming ? «stons to the Chinese who are there in considerable I mbere to the natives of the South Sea Islands, and to ? 5Il.hr,TiMiies. The head-quarters of the Landon Missionary I sSty'B Missions to New Guinea ia at Cape York. The ? tasion is carried on by Samoan converts, under European I moerintendence. It is an interesting illustration of the I w$ex advantage of missions, that one of the very few I effcrte made on behalf of the aborgines of Australia, which I rtune under my observation was that of a South Sea I Muider-who assembled a few'children for instruction, and I teb maintained in his work chiefly by the contributions of I Hi fellow-countrymen. . . I Notice has been given for filling up the vacancies in the I Committee of Appeal. These are caused by the removal I to England of the Rev. Dean Cox of Hobart Town, and of I Mr Alexander Gordon. The representatives of the clergy I wili elect one of their own body, and the lay representatives I of the Svnod will elect a layman. Each candidate must be I nominated by a proposer and seconder, one day previous to ? the election, which must also be by ballot. ? As the election will take place early in the session, I I hope that the committee may be able to frame the rules for I regulating its proceedings, and for doing all other matters ? namfd in the 6th section of the 1st Determination. I The Council of Reference in England remains unchanged. I It is satisfactory to observe that one of the number, Lird I penzance, was appointed upon the nomination of theArch ? bishops to fill the office of judge under the Public Worship ? Eeculatinn Act. I I have to request the attention of the Synod to the 10th ? riause of the 1st Determination, in which it is provided I that the power to require voting by dioceses shall cease from I and after the time when this constitution shall have been I ratified at the next session of the General Synod, by a I majority of the dioceses there represented. I The ratification of the constitution will be proposed at ? cutset of our proceeding. ? The constitution and determinations have been accepted ? lythediocereof Melbourne in 1372; by Adelaide, Perth, ? Newcastle, Bathurst, Graf ton and Armidale, Sydney, an.d ? Brisbane, in 1873. In the diocese of Ballarat, by the I terms of the constitution, recognized in November, 1875, the I acceptance by Melbourne holds good until repudiated. The ? constitution has been accepted by Goulburn, September I 28th of the present year ; the consideration of the determi ? nations is deferred. The determinations were accepted by ? Tasmania in 1872. The constitution was not proposed f jr I acceptance. ? I mav add that the business paper has been prepared I under the direction of the committee appointed by the I General Synod to carry out the business of the Synod, the I Chancellor. Canon All wood, having also kindly giren his ? valuable aid. I I feel assured from our past experience in these meetings ? that we shall come together with such a sense of our need of I heavenly wisdom, and such consideration for the views of I others, as will secure a dispassionate and profitable disoua ? sion of these various subjects. To some persons they may ? not appear of sufficient importance to justify so large an ? expenditure of time and resources as is required for our ? meeting. We do not, it is true, undertake works of special ? and local usefulness, these are more properly left to the ? respective dioceses ; but for the Church at large it is of the ? utmost importance that our general organization should be I perfected, eur legislative functions duly exercised, and our ? judicial and executive powers clearly defined, and ? their outlines, filled up, so that the .purity and peace ? «f the Church may be maintained. Let it not be forgotten ? by us that we belong to a scripturally reformed Protestant I «ommunion, that tie troubles in the Church at home, I Vmdl threaten a disruption, have arisen from the lawless ? -MM which sets all authority at naught, aud that if we' ? wrald preserve our internal union we must dutifully and I '°y«'y uphold the principles of the Church of England as ? aetiorth in her articles, liturgy, and formularies. ? lam thankful to believe that the members of ourcom I TS511 m these colonies are sincerely attached to the I wcWnes and ritual of our Church. That they are sensitive I » a tt/ i^006 of any departure from them, is not to be I tT2!! ereiat- wten we learn to what extravagances such de I l^nwes have ultimately led, and how ready the enemies of I '£«»? v l615n are to avau themselves of the mistakes of I i*ll™R11»mi8guidedmen. Our own course, my beloved I SIX!!?' m ** JainiBtry of the word, whether bishops or I S?. 'y™18.' dew- *o instruct the peeple committed to our I ftSJff ottt of those Holv Scriptures which contain all I S8 neceSfarv. to salvation, and to teach and maintain I tha?i2v¥ re?uir^ °f ne'essity to eternal salvation, but I ChT we me persuaded may be concluded and proved I jL« ?8ame4 '^ *° be ourselves and in our famiUea whole I *°°e samples and patterns to the flock of Christ. I of ™,tiSve a Me8«» miasion in these lands— a noble field I ITTJW.isbefmiij, If we are intent upon the great I *ib5k! l!T?i6m£ edttk to Christ, and to use the oppor I wecEr7 X? d fwUneEs. the Gospel of the grace of God ; if I the t' 2,thttt« ^V I*'* power of the Holy Ghost, who is I umJ-Sw? Giver of Li£e. spiritual life should be I X£ « ?' dividual, and communion with God I and w'erTade ^Puttie seryioes, the Lord will accept I wrna « °m °' wort- wo 8haU ourselves be blessed and ba I fcvLt ?nne *° other8- !** the great end of the I of nW S m*£ott 1» also ours ; He csme for the salvation I toanvrrt, Church or a ministry which subordinates thw I of dwh, » °^ wnica loses si&nt; °f ^'s in the accessories I «na*£! WM5lup- fails of ite t™8 porpoBe, and will fall I »heft» ^ensnattoaof the law. No external success, I elabor*L evmc«l m abundant resources, beautiful churches, I Wsm«iiJ?'VI0e8- mi crowded congregations, XtrUl be of I tepSte0011114 before God if men are not brought to I Pnaent^J °Z ***** whatever eke may be the effect of our I fte hbSrf*?,^ '^y to quickened in our desires after I Pfinis^niLJf611''6111^ °f our fellow-men, and, whatever I 'owewrJ^VP011 **-* machinery of the Church, aud I ?»* Z^00668™ we may *» -n the perfection of the I o^Btfi^8? J^emoer *uat the Church exists not for its I to fctwrft ? * -^Chri8t and HiB PeoP16 ; that bv tt He '^y I PWple »rI i^Hl8 own world» aud that out of 'the world a I andby HZ! ^ L bronelit into union with Him ; that in Him I BefoS^yW^wed. I 'o^Pamtiw. ? W- other questions pale and are lost in I teoduu, ile 'Vnpuficance, but as connected with this, ana I ^Jfcrtlnc^ ''?' onr present meeting is of lie utmost I ^da^^^earour soU view it; let us approach these I imsuteZf^.^tatiMifeelingthatwe are about onr Father's I ?a*»Mnl^»^ endeavouring to do His wilL May we I ™ 'MWB-tha good we desire in omr own union and in our increased ability to be of lasting service tootkers. Our time on earth, as well as our time for deliberation, is short; may we so spend it as 4 o be accepted by our Divine Lord, and receive His commendation in the day of His glorious return. HATIFICATION OF CONSTITUTIONS. Bev. Canon All-wood moved. — ' That the cons'itutioni adopted by the Church in 1872 be now ratified by this Sjnod.' Seconded by Mr. E. Knox. The Hon. Charles Campbell moved that the con sideration of this question be postponed till the arrival of the Bishop of Adelaide. Rev. Canon H. S. King seconded the amendment. Sir W. F. Stawell raised a point of order that the amendment could not be received. The Pbesident said he did not like to do anything that would appear to have the effect of stoppin? discussion, but as the point of order had been raised he must rule the amendment inadmissible. The original motion was then put, and carried on a division, in which the numbers were as follows : — House of Bishops — Ayes, 7 ; No, 1 ; Clergy— Ayes, 25 ; Noes, 2 ; Laity— Ayes, 16 ; No, 1. STANDING ORDERS. On the motion of the Rev. Canon Stephen, the Standing Orders of the last session were adopted as the Standing Oiders of the present session. SECRETARIES. On the motion of the Rev. Canon Stephen, the Rev. Canon Selwyn was appointed clerical secretary, and Mr. Robert Atkins lay secretary to the Synod. FINANCE COMMITTEE. On the motion of Mr. Alexander Stuart, the follow ing gentlemen were appointed a finance committee : — Mr. Shepherd Smith, Mr. 'Is. Blyth, and Mr. T. H. Mate. CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. On the motion of the Bishop of Brisbane, Mr. W. Barker was appointed chairman of committees. FORMATION OF NEW DIOCESES. The Bishop of Bathurst moved the first reading of the following' rules for the formation of new dioceses and provinces in Australia and Tasmania. Dioceses : 1. That a new diocese may be formed — (a) by dividing a single existing diocese ; (o) by taking a portion from two or more dioceses ; (c) by taking from territory not included in any existing' diocese; (d)by taking from one or more existing dioceses and adding thereto territory not included in any existing diocese. 2. That the proposal to form a new diocese from whomsoever emanating shall in each case have the approval of the bishop and the concurrence of the Synod of every diocese to be affected thereby, and that when a Diocesan Synod is not in existence steps shall be taken by the bishop to obtain the general consent of the clergy and laity resident in the diocese to be affected thereby. In case of taking in new territory, not included in any existing diocese, the said consent of the clergy and laity resident therein shall be taken by the primate. 3- That no new diocese shall be created until the metropolitan, or where no new- ' province has been created the primate, shall be satisfied that a sufficient pro vision has been secured for the maintenance of the see. 4\. That the Bishop of any diocese out of which it is pro posed to ' create a new see shall, with the consent of the Metropolitan, or where no new province has been created of the Primate, surrender the part of his diocese proposed to be included in the new diocese to the newly appointed Bishop. Provinces : I. That any new province shall be co-terminus with the civil divieiens of the territory or ter ritories to be included in the province. 2. That subject to this rule, the Bishops and Synods of three or more dioceBes may form themselves into a separate province with the consent of the General Synod, or of the Primate if the General Synod be not in session. The motion was agreed to. The Bev. Dean of Melbourne moved that the resolu tions be referred to a select committee for consideration and report, which was agreed to, and the following gentlemen were nomimated to form the said committee: — The Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, the Dean of Melbourne, Messrs. T. T. a'Beckett,R. P. Adams,-C. B. 'Xoung, and the mover (the Bishop of Bathurst). The Synod adjourned at three minutes past 7 o'clock. Wednesday, October 4. The Synod met, pursuant to adjournment, at the Church Society's Rooms. The President (the Bishop of Sydney) ' took the chair at twenty-five minutes to 4 o'clock. The usual prayers were read, after which the minutes of the preceding meeting were read and confirmed. THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Bishop of Grafton and Armidale asked the President whether he would have any objection to have the address ?delivered by him on the previous day. printed and circulated. - The President said he cer'ainly should not have written the addresB had he not thought it would be printed. It would certainly be printed as a portion of the proceedings of the Synod. APPOINTMENT OF THE FIRST BISHOP OF A NEW DIOCESE. The. Bishop of Bathurst moved the first reading of the following rules for the appointment of the first Bishop of a new diocese : — ' 1. In the case of the division of a diocese having a Synod, the first Bisnop of the new See shall be appointed by. the Synod subject to the rules for the consecration and confirmation of Bishops in Deter mination No. 1 of the General Synod. 2. In the case of a new diocese where a Synod is not in existence, the appoint ment of the first Bishop shall be made by the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania, subject to the rules for the consecration and confirmation of Bishops in Deter mination No. 1 of the General Synod. 3. In the case of the formationof a diocese out of two or more existing dioceses, theappointment of the first Bishop shall be made by a com mittee consisting of the Bishops thereof and four repre sentatives from each diocese affected, elected by their re spective Synods, subject to the rules for the consecration and confirmation of Bishops in Determination No. 1 of the General Synod. 4. In the case of the formation of a diocese out of one having a Synod, and one not. having a Synod, the appointment of the first Bishop of. the new See. shall be made by the Bishops thereof, assisted by four representatives of the clergy and laity from each diocese aflected. The representatives shall be elected by the Synod, or, if there be no Synod, by the BiEhop. The appo ntment to be made in accordance with the rules for the consecra tion and confirmation of Bishops in Determination No. 1 of the General Synod.' Some discussion took place aB to the mode of procedure to be adopted, but the resolution for the first reading was eventually carried. The Bishop of Bathurst moved, — ll That a select com mittee, consisting of the Bishop of Ballarat, Mr. W. BarkerjRev. H. A. Palmer. Rev. A. D. Soares, Bev. Canon H. S. King, Mr. W. Tarleton, and the mover, be appointed to consider and revise the rules for the appoint ment of the first Bishop of a new diocese.' ALTERATION OF THE CONSTITUTIONS. The Bishop of Tasmania said he was anxious to take advantage of the 14 (h section x-? the Constitutions. He considered that he was in order in proposing, — ' That a determination to alter the 8th eeotion of the Constitution by the insertion of the following words—* except such as per tain to the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of the foregoing powers ' — in line 17, after the word ' diocese,' be now read a first time.' Seconded bv the Rev. Canen Hales, and carried. The determination was read a first time. COMMITTEE OF APPEAL. Archdeacon Marrtatt, on behalf of the Bishop of Ade laide, moved, — ' That the vacancies in the committee of appeal be filled up by the names of the Bev. Canon Child and Mr. Tarleton, and that the election take place by ballot to-morrow.' The motion was seconded and carried. SHORTENING OF SERVICE. Archdeacon Brownb moved, — u That the right reve rend the Bishops, the Vicars-general, and Archdeacons, present and one lay representative of each diocese be a committee to consider and approve of a shortened Service for the use of country congregations, when approved of by he Bishop of the DiVese.' Mr. C. Bolton seconded the resolution. The Dean of Melbourne thought they were all bound to adhere to the Church Service as approved by the Church in the mother country. There had been irregularities no doubt with respect to the services, but those were but small matters as compared with that Synod sanctioning such irregularities. It would be a fearful step as tending to sever them from the Church at home. The President eaid he did not think he could put this to the Synod. He would recommend the mover to draw u? a petition on the subject, and send it to the Lambetn Conference to be held in 1878. ?WIDOWS' AND ORPHANS' FUND. The Bev. Canon H. S. King moved the following reso lution: — 'That this Synod is of opinion that a common fund for the benefit of the widows and orphans of the cletgy of the Church in Australia should be formed as soon as practicable, but until the formation of such fund would earnestly recommend that, in the manage ment of diocesan funds of this nature, liberal consideration be given to the case of clergymen removing from one diocese to another, and likewise to the case of clergymen belonging to dioceses in which no fund of this nature exists.' The Rev. Canon Selwtn rose to propose an amendment, which he thought would meet with general acceptance. If there was a difficulty in having a common fund there could be no difficulty in having common action. He, therefore proposed that a committee be formed to colle;t all the information in their . power, to devise a common action which could be taken by the whole of the diooeaM, and to make their report to the next General Synod. The Rev. Canon King, on being appealed to by the Pre- ? sident, said he was quite willing to withdraw his motion in favour of the amendment of Canon Selwyn. The Rev Canon Druitt expressed himself to the same effect. The Rev. Canon Selwyn, by permission of the Synnd, amended his motion, which had now taken the place ot the original resolution, to read as follows : — ' That this ' Synod desires to express its opinion that, for many urgent reasons, it is highly desirable that some common action should be taken by the various dioceses in Australia and Tasmania in the matter of organising a fund or funds for the support of the widows and orphans of the clergy of thesq dioceses, and for the superannuation of aged or infirm clergy, and that with this view a committee be appointed to collect information and to report te this or the next General Synod, and that the following be the committee :— The Bishop of Grafton and Armidale; Canons H. S. King, A. Stephen, Soares, Arch deacons Marryatt, Browne (Perth), Rev. T. Jones, Messrs. S. Smith, T. 'H. Mate, E. Knox, R. P. Adams, W. H. Suttor, and the mover — and that five form a quorum.' The resolution of Canon Selwjn was then put aud car ried unanimously. APPOINTMENT OF NEW BISHOPS. In reference to the rules proposed by the B if hop of Bathurst, concerning the appointment of the first Bishop of a new diooese, The Hon. Thomas a'Beckett asked for the ooinion of the President as to whether the General Synod would not be exceeding its powers in making such rules. No such power, so far as he could see, were provided for in the Con stitution. The President said that no doubt it belonged to each Diocesan Synod to prescribe the mode in which its Bishop should be appointed. The case was supposed of a diocese which had not a Synod. A new diocese might be formed in the various ways laid down in the Constitution, aud it was, perhaps, inadvertently supposed that the General Synod might make rules under four possible contingencies. It appeared to him. however, that Mr. A'Beckett's view was the correct one, that they should purposely avoid interfering at all with the appointment of Bishops; and though it was a distinct case whioh was intended te be provided for by the rules which the Bishop of Bathurst had brought forward, ha thought it would be much bettor to leave the mode of appointing a new Bishop to the territory where the diocese was to be formed. He did not think it was competent for this General Synod to lay down the rules proposed. The resolution appointing the select committee to con sider the rules was rescinded. [At this stage the Bishop of Adelaide entered and took his scat.] AMENDMENT OF DETERMINATION. Sir W. Stawell moved for leave to introduce a deter mination to amend determination No. 1, sub-sections 1 and 2\. These sub-sections related to the consecration of bishops. In sub-section 1 the amendment was merely a verbal one. Thie next alteration was a more serious one.. , As the. words now stood tlie assent of the Metropolitan, or Primate, as the case might be, was necessary to the election of a bishop, and the approbation of all the bishops, or a majority of them was also required. It appeared to him that the elec tion itself must be left completely to the diocese which the ? bishop elect was to hold, and that the approval of a majority of the bishops, including:, of course, the metropolitan, was all that was required, instead of requiting first the approval of the metropolitan and afterwards the approval of a majority of the bishops. It might happen that the metropolitan would object to an elected bishop for some peculiar reason of his own. He did sot think that was intended. If a man were so objec tionable that a majority of the bishops considered him unfit . to hold ' the office of bishop, he ought not to be a bishop. But that, he thought,. was sufficient. The motion was seconded and carried. The second reading was made an order of the day for to-morrow. The President pronounced the benediction, aud the Synod, at three minutes to 9 o'clock, adjourned. The Determination No. 1, as proposed to be altered by Sir W. ¥.. Stawell, will read as follows :— Determination No. I. Rules for the Confirmation and Consecration of Bishops and for the Election of Primates. I. Repeal of Determination No. I. — Determination No. I. being rules for the confirmation and consecration of Bishops and for the election of Primates, shall be repealed, and the following substituted in lieu thereof :— II. Confirmation of Bishops. — 1. When in any diocese a person shall have been elected or nominated as Bishop, the President of the Synod of such diocese, or, in case there be no such President, the clergyman highest in ecclesiastical rank, shall transmit tho name of such person, together with a certificate of his election or nominition, to the Metropolitan of the province in which the diocese is situated, or where no province has been formed to the Primate ; or, if such Metropolitan or Primate is de-eased or unable to act, then to the senior Bishop in Australia and Tasmania. And, on receiving such certificate, the Metro politan, Primate, or senior Bishop shall communicata the election or nomination to the other Bishops of the province, or of Australia and Tasmania, as the case may be ; and if such Metropolitan, Primate, or senior Bishop, and Bishops, or a majority of them, be satisfied with the fitness of the person so elected, or nominated, the election or nomination of such person shall be duly confirmed under the hand ana seal of the Metropolitan or Primate ; and, in case of an equality of votes, the Metropolitan, Primate, or senior Bishop, shall have a second or casting vote. 2. When any nomination shall have been delegated by any Synod or diocese to any of the archbishops or bishops of the Church in England, and such delegation shall have been approved by the bishops of the province, or of Australia and Tasmania, as the case may be, then the person thus nominated may be consecrated without further confirmation. III. Consecration of Bishops. — A Bishop shall be consecrated by at least three Bishops, one of whom shall be the Metropolitan of the province in which the diooese is situated, or the Primate if it be not within any province, or the senior Bishop in Australia and Tasmania, if the MetropoHtan or the Primate, as the case may be, is deceased or unable to act ; or with the concurrence of the Metro politan, Primate, or senior Bishop, as the case may be, the Bishop may be consecrated in England by the Archbishop of Canterbury. IV. Election of future Primates.— Whenever a vacancy shall occur in the Primacy, the Bishops consti tuting the House of Bishops aliall elect one of their own number to be the Primate. 