XOTES ON SCIENCE. Dr. Brown-Sequard, the eminent physio logist, has recently been lecturing in Lon don on the functions and structure of the brain. Dr. Sequard has made the brain his peculiar study for a number of years, and no living physiologist i3 more compe tent than he to deal with the very ob3curo and intricate problems which ho 3ia3 chosen for the subject of his lectures. Ee is a bold and original thinker, and possesses a power which docs not fall to the lot of every anatomist of putting the result of hi3 observations into clear and forcible language which carries conviction with it. Kot. only so, but ho h;i3 in an. eminent degree the faculty of accurately gauging the true physiopsychological bear ing of his discoveries. 'When published the lectures might, we think, be appro priately dedicated to any real believers— if such there still be in the present advanced state of physical and mental science— in tho fantastic theories of Gall and Spurzheim, and the truth ot their famous axiom that ' the brain, is the muscle cf the mind.' Not only, however, are Dr. Se'quard'a observations fatal to tho theory of the phrenologists, but they entirely overthrow tho idea held by some* physiologists that a lesion of any portion of the brain necessarily pl^uces func tional disturbance. For example, Dr. Flourens imagined ho had found that tho seat of life or rather of vital action lay in tho portion of tho brain called tho medulla oblojujata, for with tho appliances then at tho command of anatomists bo found that death invariably ensued when even a small portion o£ the medulla was removed from the brain. Dr. Sequard has now, however, succeeded . in removing, under tho conditions ren dered possible by the discoveries, of modern science, tho wholo of tha medulla from the brain of living animals ? without producing any other effect than a permanent epileptic condition of tho body. As tho result of his investigations Dr. Se'quard lays down tho following, propositions :— ' 1. A lesion in one half of the brain may produce symptoms eithec on the opposite side or on the correspond* ing side. 2. A very small lesion, whatever be its scat, can produce most extensive and violent symptoms. 3. A lesion occu pying tho same extent on the two sides o£ the middle lino of tho brain may produco symptoms only orcliiefly onono side of tho body. 4. Symptoms may appear suddenly from a slowly and gradually ieveloping lesion. 5. Symptoms may appear slowly from a suddenly-produced lesion. 0. The greatest variety of symp toms may proceed from a lesion in tho same part of the brain. 7. The most various parts of tho brain can givo riso to the same symptoms. S. Permanent lesions may produce symptoms by attacks, just as they produce epileptiform seizures. D. Symptoms may cease suddenly or rapidly notwithstanding the persistence of tho lesion. 10. Symptoms of brain disease may appear from an irritation of visceral raid other peripheric nerves. 11. Considerable lesions anywhere may exist without the appearance of .symptoms.' He is not content, however, with mero theory, but proves every one of Ins pro positions by actual experiment. As a. corollary to his principles, Dr. Se'quanl endeavours, so far as tho material in, his hands enables him tu do so, to hannonizo tho physiology of tho brain with clinical observations. Ho thus regards it as more or Ics3 certain that tho nerve cells endowed with the same func tion arc not congregated together, but aro scattered throughout the brain, so that any pr.it of that organ can bo destroyed without impeding their function. Ho also considers that each half ^f the brain is a complete brain originally, and pos sesses tho aptitude of being developed into a perfect centre of volition and other cerebral functions. Further, ho holds that communications between the body and tho brain may bo maintained by means of much less than tho normal number of nerves, and that as regards voluntary movements iho direction of tho will may be transmitted a.s well through one nerve fibre as another. The conclu sions he draws aro that tho brain is not to :'O considered as diii\:;-cub from tho peripheric parts of tho nervous system, and that ail symptoms of brain disease are prouuued by the same mechanism, whether arising from the i-.-riUiion of any part of iho body or from irritation in tho substance of the brain itself. Tho ob servations and deductions of Dr. Se'quard aro must suggestiva and interesting, trenching as they do upon the mysterious connectit-n between mind and matter, and body and soul Wo trust therefore that he and other learned scientists will pursue tho enquiry which ho h;is tliu3 sy ably initiated. In our Notes last month we referred to some experiments with thu telephone recently performed in Canada by Pro fessor Graham Bull. Tho subject ia referred to 1-y Sir William Thompson in his address to tho Mathematical Section of tho British Association, at their late meeting in Glasgow. During his recent visit to America ho had an opportunity of inspecting iheso telephones at work in connection with tho ordinary electric telegraph. Ilo does not state tho distance along the wires which the souii'l was conveyed, but ho affirms that ho hoard sentences spoken by his friond Pro fessor Watson at the other cud of tho line with the most perfect distinctness. The Canadian Telegrapluc Department appear to be determined to test tho prac tical utility of Professor Bell's discovery. If further experiments prove R3 successful as those which have beeu inado at pre3ent the telephone appears deatinod to work a revolution in telegraph}-. Most (-i our readers aro dotibtlcss acquainted with the ingenious sewing machines constructed by tho Singer Sewing-Machine Company. Tho manu facturers have recently introduced a novel machine constructed on their principle, and adapted for stitching book3 and pamphlets. After being folded, either mechanically or by hand tha sheets are passed into the machine in succession by means of two metal guides. These guides are moved by a treadle as in the newing machine, which the new apparatus some v,hat resembles in appearance. The metal . guides bring the sheets under tho action of the needle, stitch the sheet.?, cut the threads, and pass the stitched sheet along to an inclined plane attached to tho back of Iho table of the machine. The sheets slipping along thia .piano come under tho action of two met.il rollers, ako put in motion by th'e treadle:}. After passing between the rollers, which take out the creases, the sheets fall into a suitable receptacle placed to receive them. The machiue stitches the sheets witiujroat ? Tapidity, and is capable of sewing paper of any thickness. Each sheet is stitched separately, but the sheets can be prepared for binding almost as rapidly as they pass from the printer's hands. Practical men speak in very high terms of the new machine, and it seems to be likely to take a high place among labour-saving ap pliances. Anew physical phenomenon, which is remarkable interesting a3 bearing upon certain functions of plants and animals, has been observed by M, Merget, of Lyons, and is described by him in detail in a recent number of La Nature. It has been named by its discoverer ' Theraio «liffusion,' and the apparatus employed to demonstrate it is termed a thenno- diffuser. This consists essentially ef a hollow block or vase of plaster of paris er porous porce lain. The top of the vase is closed by a cork, through which an open glass tube passes, communicating at the upper end with a manometer — that is with an in strument somewhat similar to a mercurial barometer, and used for measuring the pressure of gases. The glass tube cf the manometer, in place of being straight, as in the barometer, is bent so a3 to form in itself a reservoir for the mercury. A familiar example oi the application of tliis instru ment is found in the gauges attached to sttam- engiiies for the purpose of ascer taining the pressure of the steam. M. Mtruet saturates the porous vase of hi3 tleruio-diifuser with, a volatile liquid. On applying heat the mercury in the attached nanometer rises, indicating the difference of pressure between the air witiriu and tkit outside the vr.se, the increase in the pressure of the former depending on the volatility of the liquid and the tempera ture attained. By employing a therrno diiiiistT about five inches long and two inches in diameter at a dark red heat the pressure attained was three atmospheres or forty-live pounds per square inch. This pressure lasts as long as the liquid is not all evaporated, but ceases as soon as the evaporation ends, the niercury at once returning to its normal level. Tliis novel phenomenon may be observed in another way. The manometer being disconnected from the tube, the end of the latter is plunged into water. .As soon as heat is applied to the vase as before, bubbles of gas are more or less rapidly disengaged. Tkit ibis disengagement of gas is connected with the .evaporation of the fluid in which the vase has been soaked is proved by the gas instantly ceasing to be evolved when, the vase becomes dry. From precisely similar thermo-diifusers the volume of gas disengaged varies with the propor tion of thud absorbed. The speed with which the gas is disengaged increases with the increase of temperature, and depends also on the extent of the porous surface. With large jars it reached several hundred cubic feet per minute. M. Merget has established the fact that it is the moist porous surface and not the difference of humidity in the contained air of the jar which is the cause of tho phenomenon, by drying the interior of the vase with heated (juiek- linie. Tho rationale of the process is not yet, how ever, by any means satisfactorily ex plained. After studying the gaseous ox changes between vegetation and the atmosphere 3L Merget concludes that a plant should be regarded as a moist porous surface— in fact, a thenno-diffuser acted upon by the temperature of the air. The leaves of aquatic plants thus possess, ho considers, consider able activity, the quantity of gas sometimes reaching tliirty cubic inches per minute. In order to prove his point he took the leaf of ;i waterlily, the free end of the stalk being immersed in a test tube full of water. Tho leaf being ex posed to the direct rays of the sun, a rapid diseiigagment of air bubbles took place in the tube, thus showing that the leaf was n, natural tliernio-diifuser. M. Merget tliinks that his discovery will tend to alter the preconceived ideas with respect to the phenomena of animal respi ration, but his observations on this branch of the subject are as yet too crude to enable him to publish the results. As ourreaders are no doubt aware, ozone, a peculiar gas occasionally existing in the atmosphere, has long been considered an exceedingly valuable agent for the purifi cation of tainted air. It has in fact been extensively believed that no air which does not contain ozone can be healthy. Some recent experiments made by the eminent French chemist, M. P. Th^nard, assisted by his brother M. A. The'nard, tend to throw rather a new light on the properties of this peculiar agent, and somewhat to upset the opinions which have been formed respecting it. The results of the experiments will shortly be published by M. A. The'nard, but in tho meanwhile his brother considers it a duty to inform the public and the ' scientific world that the prevalent ideas with respect to ozone are altogether erroneous. They hare found tbat ozone is hi reality one of the most dangerous poisons yet known to science, and, in fact, very serious accidents occurred in their laboratory while experimenting upon it. 'When administered even in a very largely diluted form to a living animal, the circu lation rapidly diminished, and syncope and death ensued. Messrs. Tiieiiard consider it is by no means proven that tliis gas exists in the atmosphere at all. Its presence in the air is considered to be shown by the change of colour produced on what is called ozonometric paper, that is, a paper tinted with iodide of potassium and starch. Messrs. The'nard, however, have confirmed the experiments of Herr Wittmann, which went to prove that air containing no ozone will produce a similar change in the colour of ozonemetric paper. They therefore con sider that there is a yet undiscovered gas found associated with air, tnd to tliis is due the supposed disinfecting qualities of ozone. They find that air largely charged ?with ozone has no disinfecting properties whatever, but that air which will produce the change we have mentioned iu the colour of ozonometric paper does exer cise a powerfully purifying effect upon a tainted atmosphere. The whole subject . is involved in considerable obscurity, but it would certainly be well to await the publication and verification of the experi ments of the Messrs. The'nard before trifling with an agent of so doubtful a character as ozone. The origin of the underground mush room, known in Europe as the truffle, which is so great a favourite with Ixni rirants, ha3 long been a puzzle to bota nists, Numereua attempts have been made to cultivate it artificially, but almost trithout success. Nothing is known of its mode of development, and all efforts to obtain the spawn have failed. Some light has been thrown on the matter by the observations of M. Brefeld, a French botanist. He was led caref ully to examine the life history of tho ordinary green tnould fotuid on stale bread, cheese, and other decaying vegetable or animal sub stances. He finds that there are two fonns of this mould— one the usual feathery light type, which grows when there is free access tothe air; and anotherof a, tuberculous form, which is found when the substance is partially deprived of air. He rinds that tliis nodular form when buried in wet sand fructifies. From this observation he draws the conclusion that the truffle is the nodular form of some other fungus not yet discovered, and that could the aerial form be obtained the reproduction of the nodular form would be a mattter of very simple experiment. A short paper in Nature gives some account of the very interesting observations of the American botanist, Sir. Thomas jVfeelian, on the selffertiliza tion of plants. He has remarked that there are plants with conspicuous and attractive Hower which are as well adapted to self-fertilization as other ilowera are to cross- fertilization. For example, lireivalliii data., one of the fig-worts, which has a conspicuous blue iiower, not only pro luces abundance of perfect seeds without the aid of insects, but the entrance of an insect ensures self- fertilization. The style is nearly as long as the tube of the corolla, ind the stamens, which are slightly loiiger than the style, closely surround it. Two af the anthers are inverted overthe stigma, .ind they are densely bearded so as almost to close up the opening of the corolla. No insect can thrust his proboscis into the [lower, except through the interlaced mass A anthers. These, being pressed down on the pistil, aid in rupturing the pollen sac, and thus securing self-fertilization. The same result, however, takes place naturally without any insect interposi tion by the movement of the petals themselves. Mr. Meehan also finds that the phenomenon known as the sleep of plants is an important adjunct in self-fertilization ; the closing of the petals in such cases carrying the anthers into contact with the stigma. These observations are very interesting as bear ing upon the theory of evolution, and also tending to show that t:ie colour, fragrance, and honeyed secretions of plants ilo not in many instances exist, as Iui3 been maintained, solely for the purpose of obtaining cross-fertilization. We have not for a wonder to record the discovery of another minor planet tliis month. But a new planet has been, it is believed, observed between Mercury and the Sun. The announcement was made by M. Leverrier to the Paris Academy of Sciences on the faith of a letter received by him from Professor Wolf of Zurich. The new star is stated to have been observed on the 8th of April last in three distinct localities, namely, Munster, Zurich, and Athens. No reason is given for the discovery having been held back so long, and this has rendered astro nomers rather sceptical as to the truth of the statements. There have frequently been rumours of the existence of such a planet, but its position has never been accurately determined. Now, however, that attention has again been called to the matter it is probable that the problem will speedily be solved. Adelaide Hospital ScrriiES.— The tenders of the following persons hare been accepted for tup plies to this institution daring the 'ensuing year: — For medicines, &c;, F. E. Grnndy; port and Bherry, W. Milne, jun.; sodawator, F. 6. Foilett; ale and porter, Haussen & Co.; milk, Luke Franklin; bread, Robt. Birrail; meat, W. Kither; groceries and flour, Joel Lyons; spirits, R. H.Wigg; coals, H. Simpson; burials, J. Witcorabe; clock-winding, &c;, T. B. Haley. Rev. J. Hahcock.— We are informed thattbis gentleman is slightly better. Steamer Glenelg.— Attention is called to an advertisement stating that this steamer will not tail for Victcr Harbour. RtCElVEn.— Australian Christen Piomer, Independent and Presljyleri-zti, Truth and Pro gress, Tablet, Garden a:ul Field, the Comd. Thb Davksjpobt Brothers.— Theae dealers in the marvellous, assisted by Professor Fay, will give a private «anc« thi3 evening in the Town Hall Exchange Room. City Baths. — The annual swimming matchea will take place this evening at the City Bath3. Tho proceedings are of Hioro than ordinary interest on account of the number of prizes presented by the citizens for competition. Noeth Adelaide Young Men's Society.— The ciosirg soiree of tho seventeenth session of this Society will be held this evening in the Lecture Hall, Brougham-place. The Committee have arranged an excellent programme, ani the attendance will no doubt bo 'very large. HlNDHABSH - SQUARE CONGREGATIONAL CnCBCH.— The Eev. S. Hartley, who has recent arrived from England, proached an im pressive ssrmon at this plica of worship on Sunday 6venine, December 3, the subject cf the discourse being based on the words, ' And tho Lord God called unto Adam, and said unto him, where art thou?' — Gen., iii. 9. Inquest at Nuriootpa.— Mr. E. Salter, J.P., held an inquest at the Nuriootpa Hotel on the body of the late Wilhelm Sonnberg, who was found drowned in a waterhole, near Nuriootpa, on the 30th ultimo. Mr. W. Strother acted as Foreman. The deceased, who some time ago lost his wife, and lately was compelled to sell his house, appears to have been in a depressed Etata of mind. He left home at 2 o'clock in the after noon, and a few hours later his body was found in the waterhole by some inhabitants of the township who were crayfishing. They found his hat and slippers floating in the water, and the body about 18 inches undor the surface. The Jury returned an opart verdict. EsTKBTADniraT.— This evening the Port Ade laide Christy Minstrels will give a dramatic and musical entertainment in aid of the Quean and Albert OvaL They have engaged the Port Adelaide Town Hall and secured the patronage of the members of the district and of tae Mayer and Corporation of the Municipality. Begikav. Smith.— A memorial for tae release of 3lr. W. VQleneuve Smith from gaol ha3 been prepared. After citing the facts connected with the prosecution and judgment, it says : — ' Your petitioners humbly submit that although the said 'William YQleneuve Smith may have been guilty at law of maliciously libelling the said Henry Edward Downer, Esq., jet they believe that the said defendant, in writing tha lottars referred to in the information, did not mean to charge the said Henry Edward Downer, Esq., with, having any corrupt or other compact with his brothers, and did not write the said letters maliciously in the ordinary acceptation ef the term, but merely set forth in the said letters the current rumours of the day, and which, rumours had been prevalent' for several years to th9 knowledge of your petitioners. Your petitioners also submit that the said William. Villeneuve Smith will be sufficiently punished for any indis cretion in writing the said letters by the fine of £100 indicted by the said Supreme Court, and the imprisonment which he has already suffered. Your petitioners therefore humbly pray that your Excellency will be pleased to order the release of tls said WSliaia Yillenoara Smith from gaol.' Thb Late Db. Sholl. — In it3 obituary otice of this gentleman, the Wallaroo lima of December 2 Eays:— 'It is with feelings of deep nd sincere regret that we record the death of ur much-esteemed and universally-liked fellow owntman, Dr. William Horatio Sholl, which ook place, at bis residence in Walkroo after a ainful illness of nearly throe months' duration, n Wednesday, the 29th November. He was uffericg from what is commonly known as (right's disease, and all hopes of his recovery ad been given up previous to his decease. Dr. Iholl came to this colony in 1849, from Western Lustralia, where we understand he was pro irietor of a newspaper, and practised for some ime in North and South Adelaide, after which ,e came to Wallaroo, in I860, where lie has emained e?er since. He had been for Borne ime in bis earlier days a surgeon in the Spanish rmy. His private practice was large, and for he last three years he was Resident Surgeon of he Wallaroo General Hospital. His great skill ad capability was universally acknowledged, nd his amiable and generous disposition had cdeared him to every one who came in contact nth him. His deeds of charity and kindness 0 the poor have been too great to enumerate nd his efforts to better their condition were mceasing. His death has 'created a vacancy rhich it will be difficult to fill, and bis memory ;ili be respected and esteemed by all who knew in:, until death shall blot out all their earthly memories. His funeral took place at half-past 1 o'clock yesterday, when a large number paid . last tribute by following bis remains to the ;rave. The firat portion of the burial service ras read over in the English Church, and the effin was borne to the cemetery by several of he tmployes of the Smelting Works Company, a urge number of whom were present.' Vehicle Accident. — A nasty accident hap pened to Mrs. Schulz, of Tanunda, and her amily, on Thursday evening, November 30. ihewas driving homo in her buggy, acoom mnied by all her children, when the horse shied .t his own shadow and bolted, capsizing the ehiole and throwing the occupants out on to he metalled road. The youngest child — which s about three years of age — was the most hurt, taving sustained a fearful (rash over the loft tye, leaving the ball bare, injuries to the skull, md a broken finger. There is but slight hope if its recovery. Mrs. Schulz was dreadfully truised in the face and body, and the other hildren are more or less hurt. Our correspon* lent writes that groat sympathy 13 felt for the ufferers. The PBorosED Presbyterian Chubch at Jorth Adelaide. — At tho lost meeting of the 'resbjtory a Committee was appointed to nquiro as to the practicability of forming a oneregation at North Adelaide, and to endea our to secure a guaranteed list of subscribers or two years. We are glad to learn that .Ithough the Committee have not nearly finished heir canvass they have already received pro ci*es extending over two years in excess of the imo regarded as sufficient to try tho experiment. t may therefore be regarded as a settled matter hat a congregation now meeting for worship, in he Temperance Hall will be formed into* a Church, and that they will address a call to the lev. A. M. Jarrio to remain amongst them a3 heir pastor. Oddfellows' Picnic asb Dzhneb.— The lintb. anniversary of the Meadows Lodge was elebrated by e. picnic and dinner on Thursday, November 30. The brothers marched through he township in regalia, preceded by the Con ordia Band, to P.O. J. H. Coleman's paddock, fhero refreshment booths had been erected and arious games entered into with great spirit, ?he amusements comprised cricket, croquet, [iioits, dancing, footracing, tilting, Aunt Sally, cc. About 7 in the evening the return call was ounded, and the brothers re- formed and aarched in procession to dinner, which had teen provided by Host Coloman in a targe booth pecialiy erected for tho occasion. The chair ras taken by P.G. John S. Jones, supported by \G. J. Bryant on the right, and P.G. J. Niool on ke left, the vice-chair being filled by P.G. J. ?tone, of the Acgas Lodge. The usual to&ats; iavicg been given and duly honoured, the iecretary read a brief report of the numerical ,ud financial position of the Meadows Lodge, 'he number of members good on the books ras 37, and the net increase for the year . The balance to credit on the year's income Jter defraying all expenses amounted to £25, cd the total worth of the funds was £163, less ,bout £5 liabilities. The whole working expenses if the Lodge for the year had been only a little iver £20. Songs by Bros. Jno. Morris—' The ilass Eye'— and J. Catt. Various toasts and ongs followed, and the evening's enjoyment was irought to a close by singing the National Anthem. Gardeners* Mutual Improvement Society. -The annual dinner in connection with this lociety wa3 held at Host Lindrum's, Clarence lotel, on Saturday evening, December 2, and ras attended by about two dozen members, 'he President of the Saciety, Mr. ngloby, Q.C., presided, the vica-chair wing occupied by Mr. T. Evans. Tae fleets having done ample justice to the (xcellent repaat provided, the toast? of the 'President,' the 'Librarian,' tho 'Sesre- ;ary,' and the 'Originator of the Sosiety,' rare drunk with musical honours. The toast of ;he 'Host' was also givon, in responding to ?hich Mr. Lindrum expres-rod his opinion that he excellence of the Floricultural Shows had teteriorated of late, especially as regarded the rerbenas, though petunias and several other lowers were certain to go ahead steadily as ime went on. The Chairman was unfortu mtely suffering from the effects of a S37ere :old, and was obliged to leave the company at in early hour; but in bi3 absence the Secretary )f the Socioty, Mr. Geo. Laughton, ably filled lis place, the remainder of the time being spant n Eingicg some right jovial songs and in social rcnversation. Legacy.— We are informed that by the will of he late Mr. John Caldwell, of Unley, the sum tf £141 15s. has been bequeathed to the Abori gines' Friends Association. Theatre Koyal.— The Fakir of Oolu had mother good house on Saturday night ; in fact ho boxes were bettor filled than on any previous nrening. Dr. Silvester is thoroughly at home ?n the stage, and has the remarkable talent of n&king; a succes3 of everything he attempts. 3is present programme is in almost every espect— except perhaps the chief and most inarming portion of it— different from that yhich he presented when last in Adelaido.jbut it squally deserves the popularity it ha3 won. His ions, too, aro decidedly clover, and the other nembera of his company have their particular ncrits, to which we have already alluded. The airy fountain is well described as a ' glittering ipectacle,' and it is one which ought to be seen -y all lovers of the beautiful. The Fakir tnnounces ' Tho Groat Ghost Illusion' for this -vening, and we have no doubt all visitors to the [toyal will be pleased, mystified, or possibly x)th. Fire.— On Sunday morning, December 3, a ire broke out at the Bath Hotel, Norwood. A odgor {Mr. R. T. Knight) was awakened about ialf-past 2 a.m. by a crackling noise, and on oolong out of bi3 bedroom window saw flames ust breaking out of the roof of an outbuilding vhich is used as a lodgeroom and stables. He rahed out and tried to break in the door and jet inside, but was unable to do so. He then ilarmed some neighbours, and rrith their i&istauce; managed to keep the flames from the Bain premises. About an hour after the dis covery of the fire, No. 2 reel under the super intendence of Mr. Benbow, and also a body of trooper?, arrived on the spot and tha fira was then Boon extinguished. The place, which, we anderatand is insured, was completely gutted, ind the damage done i3 estimated at about £500. A. policeman passed the place at 2 o'clock and jverything then seemed all right. An inquest Bill be held to-day. The Moukt Gajibieb and Bivoii Bat Rail way. — 'The survey for the railway line between Mount Gambier and Bivoli Bay,' states the Border Watch, 'is proceeding very slowly. Up to date only some ll miles are surveyed, and the xuestion naturally arises, if it takes five months to survey 14 miles how long will it take to survey 55 miles ? It was understood that the Govern nent would have the surveys of the now railways n such a forward state that they could call for lenders for their construction early next year, ['bey will bare to put more strength on to the Elivoli Bay line if the commencement of the work s in anyway contingont on the completion oi the lurvey,' THE Geltwood Wheck.— Much regret, says the Border Watch of December 2, was expressed on Thursday when it became known that Mr. T. C. Ellis, of Benaira, had been arrested on a cbarge of com plicity in the theft of goods from the Geltwood. Mr. Eliis was brought before Mr. Tomer, S.M., on Thursday morning, and the eDquiry, like all the others, took place with closed d&otp.; It was at first arranged that the ca38 should be heard publicly, but before commencing the case defendant's counsel asked that the evi dence might be taken in private. They said the evidence in the case of the other prisoners had been hoard secretly, and they could not see t»hy their olient should be dealt with differently. The 8.M. said he had no objection whatever. He did not see, however, what the mode of con ducting the examination in this case had to do with the other cases. 'Ihe examinations were held privately, not at the desire of the prisoners, but in furtherance of the ends of justice. He had no objection to grant tho application. Counsel for defendant then asked if it was the intention oi the police to apply for a remand. The S.M. said he was informed that it was the intention of the police to ask for a remand. Mr. Burton enquired if the S.M. would take bail in case ef a remand, but the 8.M. ssid he would not while defendant was under remand. The Court was then cleared and the doors closed. Mr. Ellis wished that the enquiry should be a public one, but he was over ruled by his solicitors. After two witnesses had been examined the enquiry was adjourned. The question of bail was again brought up, and the H.M. eventually decided to grout the same, Mr. Ellis himEelf in £5,G00, and four sureties in £500 each. The case was adjourned far not more than eight days to enable the police to get further evi dence, butwe understands is probable the enquiry will be resumed to-day. I& is probable one or two more arrests will be made, when the poiioo will consider their labours in the case at an end. It was reported yesterday that another arrest had been made in. re the Geltwood wreck, but the report was not true. On Tuesday Corporal Field, act ing on information received from a man named Kerr, unearthed a largo plant of wreokage in tha neighbourhood of Lake Bonney. It con sisted chiefly of tobacco, with some hosiery and ether sundries, in all about 15 cwt. Kerr's son is one of the prisoners now iu the gaol, and Kerr himself was one of the depredators, but he has arranged to turn Queen's evidence. The Month's Shipping.— The arrivals for November were numerically more than in any corresponding period during tho year, and thia is somewhat difficult to account for, seeing that freights were said to be low. There were 62 arrivals from beyond the colony, including the steam dredger from Glasgow. The total tonnogo was 23.457, divided into 12 steamers, 8,272 tons ; four ship?, 3,330; 25 barques and barquettes, 8,213; seven brigs, 1,541 toes; 13 brigan tinea and schooners, 1,739 tons. From London nine vessols arrived; Singapore and Melbourne, 9; New Zealand, 6; Newcastle, 13; the Baltic Sea, 1; New York, 1; Mauritius, 4 ; Tasmania, 10 ; Sydney, 2 ; Graf ton, 1; Glasgow, 1; Maryborough, 1; China, 1; Java, 1; and Brisbane, 1. The Quarantine Hclk.— Now that tho hulk b&s; been put to actual service it may be well to draw attention to some slight improvements which are shown to be neoded. It is found vary inconvenient that there is only ono sally-port, and that, strangely enough, is cut on the side of the vessel most frequently to windward. Some spouting, too, is required round the iron roof, and the fore end of the vessel should be provided with means for closing out the keen wind which sometimes sweeps acros3 the Guif. The immigrant patients by the Duntruce suffering from measles, who are placed in the hulk, are progressing as favourably as po3sib!e under Dr. Bailly's care. OrEBATiONS at the Geltwood.— The Border Watch states ' that the purchasers of the Gelt wood wreck have now made arrangements for getting what they can out of the hull. They have engaged a small steamer of 25 tons burdon to take a working party to the soone of tho ?wreck, and convey the goods recovered to Rivoli Bay. The steamer took the diver round to the wreck a few dajs ago, and the. weather being favourable he mado a complete survey of it. It was found that the vessel was not as supposed lying on a reef, but alongside a solitary rock within a short distance of the surface of the water, and around which there was five and a half fathoms of water. Had the voasal gone a few feet either way she would have missed this rock and gone right on to the beach, when probably thoso on board would have bsen saved. She appears to have been lifted right on to the rock, which then crushed through her. The working party think there will be always a heavy swell at the plnco, but they are sanguine they will recover a good deal of the cargo still on board. They do not anticipate having to encounter such great difficulties as they success fully overcame in working wrecks on King's Island.' Nickel Ores.— M. Gamier, who ias made deep study of the geology of New Caledonia, recently sent a short paper to the Acculemit da Sciences on the nickel ores which he met with in that country, and which are already baing activoly workod. These ores in no way resemble those from which nickol has hitherto been extracted, being silicates of cickol and magnesia, while the others are arsonio-sulphuret3. They are found in serpentine rocks, which are very abundant in various parts of the island, associated with dioritos, amphibolitos, &c; Sometimes they appear on the various rocks as a beautiful green ccatine, sonjetime3 thay penetrate the rocks, and give them a more or less intense colour, sometimes they form thread's which may assume tho importance and regularity of veins, and soaatimos again thoy occur in kidneys or in pockets. As might have been expected the nickel is associated with iron, cbromo, and cobalt ; these two metals, especially tho two former, being very abundant ; their etratification is analogous to that of nickel' except where cobalt i3 mot with. The latter metal is associated with manganese, forming pure masses of greater or less extent in the midst of friable arenaceous rooks, composed of felspathic and magnesian detritus. Two patont3 have been taken for the working of thi3 ore, which has received the name of Gamierite, after its discoverer. One, by M. Gamier himself, proposes a method by the dry way, almost identical with that omployod to extract the iron from its ore ; while tho other by MM. ChristoSe and BouILhet, proposes a method by the wet process. Entertainment at Payneham.— A very suc cessful entertainment, which was presided over by Mr. H. E. Downer, S.M., wa3 given in aid of the Building Fund of the Payneham Institute on Friday evening, December 1. Instrumental music, songs, duets, and recitations by various lady and gentleman amateurs were creditably given, and in several cases redemanded. The entertainment was a very pleasant one through out, and was concluded with a little piece entitled 'Marriage.' Mr. C, Cawthorne pre sided at the piano. [From Saturday's Evening Journal.] The Governor.— We understand that it ha3 been arranged by the Joint Committees of the two branches of the Legislature that a Parlia mentary dinner shall be given to His Excellency the Governor before he proceeds to the scone of his promotion. It is not yet known when His Excellency will prooeed to Jamaica. Indeed, we believe that he has not yet received any official notification of the appointment. Marine Wobes.— There hS3 lately been some difference of opinion as to the respective duties of the Marine Board and tho newly* appointed Engineer of Barbours and Jetties. It has now been arranged, however, that Mr, Hickson shall have charge of all works of con struction and control over all the workshops at Port Adelaide, and that he will be responsible solely to the Treasurer, who is the head of the Marine Department. The Marine Board will bare charge of all works after they have passed out of the Engineer's hands. Proposed University Buildings.— Up to 12 o'clock on Friday, December 1, the time originally advertised within which plans wore to be sent in, eight cases and packages contain ing sets of designs for tho new University Building3 were received. Of the3e five came from beyond the colony— one from Messrs. Wright and Rees, which was sent in open, the other two are presumably from local architects. None of the packages will be opened until after the rext meeting of the Council of the Univer sity, which, takes places on Friday, December 8, 