THE RIDE BY THE LONESOME LAGOON. A TRUE YARN OF THE BUNYIP; I WAS put on my guard of that miner, but he Seemed always disposed to be friendly to me ; And I could not help liking him, though it was said He'd murdered his mate and then rifled the dead. However, that miner and me became mates, Which fact was arranged I suppose by the Fates ; So we purchased two screws, and we started away For the Bullabong rush, at the closing of day. And we rode and we rode, and he'd say to me. " Mate, Push along, if you please, for the night's getting late- Give the spur to your horse, man, and make him speed on, For it's many an hour since the daylight has gone." So we rode through a country to bothof us strange, Bode on till the moon topped the spur of the range, Then he says to me, " Mate, ain't the moon queer to-night 1— I never beheld her so ghostly and white; She looks like a thing that was stricken with fear, As if she saw something that frightened her here. And are not the winds sounding dismal," he said, " Like voices that whispered in sorrow o'erhead ? And though they keep moaning aloft in the boughs, There is not a breath of them fanning our brows. Perhaps, mate," he said, " there is many a soul Passing over us now on the breezes that roll— Like ships on the ocean, perhaps they are there, Sailing on to a harbour of hope or despair," And so he kept chatting, while riding along, And sometimes he'd strike up a verse of a song; But onward we rode, in the light of the moon, Till at length we struck down on the Lonesome Lagoon. And there it lay stretching away on the right, So solemn and still in the ghostly moonlight; For there was not a ripple at play on its breast, Nor a bird on its waters to banish its rest. We pulled up our horses a minute and stood Looking down on that dismal and motionless flood ; Then he 6aid, " Let us give them a spell and a drink;" But never a hoof would they move to the brink. We whipped them and spurred them, again and again, But the whip and thejjspur were both useless and vain; Though we knew they were thirsty and needed a drink, Yet never a hoof would they move to the brink— But they reeled and they staggered, like things in a swoon, When we faced round their heads to the Lonesome Lagoon, And they moaned like two creatures in pain or despair, As if they saw something unholy down there. " They'll not face the water," said he unto me; " Perhaps there's a snake round about that they see— So let us push on while we've got the moonlight." So we did, and we kept the lagoon on our right. I rode on his left, as I rode all along, But he spun me no yarn and sang me no song; And his face was as white as the face of the moon When he turned it to me from the Lonesome Lagoon. " Hey mate," said my mate, drawing close to my side, " The blood of the murdered can never be dried." And, Lord ! when he uttered the words I have 6poke, From the Lonesome Lagoon the same syllables broke ; And I say6, " Did you hear a voice giving a moan ?" " No, mate," he replied, " I heard only my own." Then he cries to me, " Stop !" as he pulls up hie mare, And he pointed and said, " What is that rising there ?" Then I looked, and I saw by the light of the moon A form rising up from the Lonesome Lagoon; O er the waters it moved like a thought o'er the mind. Indistinct, yet distinct—undefined, yet defined: A shadowy something, it rose and it sunk— It moved and it paused, it expanded and shrunk. And the waters beneath it seemed moved by a stroke, J or they bent with its burthen, but never once broke. A thing without shadow, it moved without sound, And the earth shook beneath as it touched on the ground; And I knew it was something beyond our control,— That could only be fully discerned by the soul; For be it an angel from hell or the skies, Its essence was wrapped up in mist from our eyes; And it stood there before us as still as a log— An undefined shadow in vapour or fog. We sat side by side on our horses, and they Shook wildly arid groaned in a pitiful way ; For they saw it like us, aye I perhaps much more plain, For they quivered, poor creatures, from fetlock to mane. Then I said to my mate, " Do yo see it, my son?" And he answered me, " Yes, and it's coming for one, Fox; I know in my soul that the thing which we see, Be it angel or devil, is waiting for me." And what is it like, mate ?" said I to him then. "Like nothing," said he, " that exists among men; For nothing has ever appeared to man thus. But whatever it is, it is listening to us, And it sees us and hears us, whatever it be, And its influence, too, it is throwing on me." " I'll speak to it mate," I replied; so I said, " In the name of the Lord, have you come from the dead ?" The words that I uttered rang loudly around, And the slumbering echoes awoke to the sound; And they rolled back a portion of what I had said, And the portion they rolled back was, " Come from the dead." But voiceless arid still, in the light of the moon, It stood by the marge of the Lonesome Lagoon. " Now, mate," he exclaimed, " Let us ride while I may, For that phantom is drawing my spirit away j Its spell is upon me and weighing me down, Then, mate, while we can, let us ride to the town." So we galloped away, in the ghostly moonlight, But the phantom moved too and kept pace with our flight; And it glided, along, as a cloud o'er the moon, O'er the face of the dismal and Lonesome Lagoon, And swiftly we galloped, for many a mile, But still it kept pace with our horses the while; And they staggered beneath us and snorted and sighed— Aye, cried, if two beasts without souls ever cried; And the sweat rolled in sheets from the flanks of each bea6t, As if it had swam through a river of yeast. But louder and wilder they snorted in fear, For that phantom or demon was drawing anear; And I felt it approach from the marge on our lee, As I've felt the approach of the iceberg at 6ea; For it spread a chill round, and the flank of my horse Was as cold as the damp and dank brow of a corse. And a sorowful moaning went wailing along, Like the dreary refrain of the night breeze's song When it sweeps round the house as you sit by their bed, And keep your lone watch by the dying or dead. Then I said to him, " Mate, let us leave this lagoon." And he answered me then, like a man in a swoon, " It was by this lagoon, on the thirteenth of May, That I murdered my mate, and it's ten years to-day." Then he paused and he groaned, like a person in pain, A6 He spurred on his horse, and then muttered again, " It was down there below, where the boulders loom grey, That I murdered my mate on the thirteenth of May." Then I glanced at his face, and I felt my blood creep, For he looked like a being who walks in his sleep; For his visage was white arid his eyeballs were glazed, And he muttered and moaned like a person that's crazed ; And so he kept sighing and moaning full sore, But never a word did he speak to me more. And, Lord! when I turned from his face, white and blank, That phantom was close to his snorting mare's flank; And it moved by his side, and its withering chUl Had frozen the force of his speech and his will ; And I spoke to it then and I bade it begone, But still by the side of my mate it moved on. And I spoke to him then, but he gave me no glance, But still rode along like a man in a trance; And he swayed in his saddle, and moaned as he swayed, But his lips were struck dumb by that phantom or shade— And still as we rode it moved on by his side, As a cloud-shadow flits o'er the face of the tide. But silent and fearful we galloped along, While I still heard the sound like the night breeze's song. I pulled up my horse and I let theui pass on, Then I sprang to his side, but the phantom was gone; " 'Tis vanished," I cried," it has vanished arid fled." Then I looked and it moved by his panting mare's head; And again I sprang round where it now glided on— But when I got there it had vanished and gone ; But silent and dim in the ghostly moonlight It still glided on by my mate on my i'ight. And again I spoke to it, and struck at it too, Brit still it moved forward like vapour or dew, And nothing resisted the blow I made there— For that phantom, though'dreadful, seemed substanceless air; And still we rode on our ghost-haunted way Till I saw in the distance a welcotne light play, And I said to him, " Mate, give the spur to your mare, For, look ! there's a light in the distance down there." He uttered no word, though he knew what I said— For he gave her the spur and she tossed up her head, Made a plunge to get loose, as it were, from the rein, Then fell and rolled over and over again : And I just caught the sound of a couple of groans Then the bursting'of girths and the crushing of bones, And rider and horse both lay still on the ground— They had ended the journey and made the last bound. And the sorrowful moaning I spoke of before Grew still when they fell, and resounded no more ; Aud I saw that dread phantom glide dimly and gray To the^spot where the form of my formermate lay, And still, as I watched it, distiucter it grew, And it raised up another and I beheld two; And they stood by each other, dim, silent and dread, Arid that phantom had killed him and claimed him when dead- For they glided away in the light of the moon O'er the motionless face of the Lonesome Lagoon, And flitted and faded away from my sight In the depths of the star-jewelled bosom of night ; And that phantom I saw, by the liglit of the moon, Was the Bunyip that haunted the Lonesome Lagoon. And if you would see it, I've only to state, Ride there with a man who has murdered his mate. 