POETRY. THE ETERNAL YOUTH OF TOS WORLD. In the epilogue to ihe " Epic of Hadee," by ,"A New Writer, "the poet thus maintains that all the heroes and heroines of the Greek my* thology, whom he baa treated-Matsyas, An dromeda, Actteon, Helen, Enrydice, Dejaneira, Laocoon, Narcissus, Mednsa, Adonis, Perse phone, Endjmion, and Pysche-ace bat parables of human life, and that the world is still truly as yonng As it was in the days when these parables were first conceived " Bat MI went Across the lightening fields, npon a bank I saw a single snowdrop shake, and bring Promise of ipring; and keeping my old thought In the old (air Hellenic venture dressed I felt myself a ghost, and seemed to be Now Mr Adonis bastenlngto the arms Of his lost love-BOW sad Persephone Sectored to mother-earth-or that high shade Orpheus, who gave up heaven to save his lore, And is rewarded-or young Marsyas, Who spent bis youth and life for song, and yet Was happy though in torture-or the fair And dreaming youth whom late I saw, who waits, Hopeful, the unveiling heaven, when he shall aee His fair ideal love. The birds sang gay; There came a tinkling from the waking fold; And on the hill-side, from the not, a slrl Tripped singing with her pitcher. All the sounds And thoughts which sti'l are beautiful-Touth, Sorg, Dawn, Spring, Renewal-and my soul was glad Of all the freshness, and I felt again The youth and spring-tide of the world, and thought, Which feigned those fair and gracious fantasiss. For every dawn that breaks brings a new world, And every budding bosom a new lue. These fair tales, which we know so beautiful, Show only finer than our lives to-day Because their voice was clearer, and they found A-sacred bard to sing them. Weare pent Who sing to-day, by all the garnered wealth Of ages of past song. We have no more The world to choose from, who, where'er we turn Tread through old thoughts and (air. Yet must we Sing We have no choice; and if more bud the toil In noon, when all is clear, than in the fresh White mists of early morn, yet do we find Achievement its own guerdon, and at last The rounder song of manhood grows more sweet Than the high note of youth. For, Touth and Age Nought else divides us from the fresh young days Which men call ancient, seeing that we in turn Shall one day be Time's ancients, and inspire The wiser, higher race, which yet shall sing Because to sing is human, and high thought GrowB rhythmic ere its close. Bought else there is But that weird beat of Time, which doth disjoin Hellas and England. How should any hold Those precious Scriptures only old-world tales Of men and monsters in some brainless dream, Coherent, yet unmeaning, linked together By some fuse ske'n of song! Nay, 'tis not so. All things and thoughts, both old and new, are writ Upon the unchanging numan heart and soul. The weary woman Bated with her life. Much loved and yet unloving, pines to-day As Helen; still the poet Strives and S'ngs, And hears Apollo's music, and grows dumb, And suiters, yet is happy; still the young Fond dreamer teeks his high ideal lore. And finds her name is Death; still doth the Mr And innocent life, bound naked to the rock, Bedeem the race; still the gay tempter goes And leaves his victim, stone; still doth pain bind If en's souls in closer links of lovingnsas, Than Death itself can sever; still the right Of too great beauty blinds ns, and we lose Ihe Ren Be of earthly splendours, gaining heaven, And always, always, with each soul that oomei And goes, comes that fair form which last I saw, Hovering, with golden wings and eyes divine, Above the bed « birth, the bod of death, Still breathing heavenly airs of deathless lore. For while a youth is lost in soaring thought. And while a maid grows sweet and beautiful, And while a springtide coming lights the earth, And while a child, and while a flower is born, And while one wrong cries for redress and finds A soul to answer, still the world is young I" 