®fcc KvMfoflttc (Saum». »'UlllilSIirP DAUA' ¡ Tliur.sdiiy, Juno S, 187«. TJIL speeches and votos of the leading mcmbeis of the Opposition dunng the debites on tile want of confidence motion obtained speciil weight and considciation fioni modélate men in the House, and fiom the outside public geneially, because of the feeling th.it tho spcakcis, though willing if need be to accept office, \»eic not eageilj seeking it At -vanous times they ga\e that assurance to tho House and to the countiy, and, except bj Cvtremc paitisinb 01 men who ncvci ci edit an opponent with honesty 01 with tuitli, then nssuiinces weie flankly accepted, and they got lepute foi speaking and acting on high public giounds in the debate of yesteiday these gentlemen appeal to less ad\ intage Then icfii~al to giant the tcinpoiaiy sup plies asked foi was, because of the daugoi of cieating an entiiely unconstitutional piccedent, peifcetly justifiable Moie than that, it was their duty so to íesist a motion biougbt on in the .nay in , which this was done in tile absence of Ministers, and bj a be« private niembei of the House, account iblc c i{ foi nobody ind to nobod\, and who was molong his last appen ance for the session It mi) to some poisons seem of sh0ht nnpoitance whcthei such a '»otc was asked by a Mmistci just about to lcsign ofhee, 01 bj i Mnustei who had just done so, but authoiities weit in abundance to show that the lattci \- the couiae adopted - was alto gethci in -viohtion of constitutional practice and Piiilianientaij piecedent, and it will not be denied tint wheie the gi anting of supplies is lulcd md de fined bj constitutional authontj that au thonty is of highest importance, and should most stnctly be adheied to In îegaid to les» nnpoitant matteis, we mi) peihvps aftoid lo sometimes stiav aside a little fiom both with piesciitad ?vantage and without nskin the futuie but wheie it is a question of voting suppl) all the lights and pnvilegcs of the Commons, a» against the Ciow n 01 the enaoachmeuts of Mnustei s, cannot be too stnctly insisted upon But the maunci in winch the demand was îesisted and the tone assumed, moio paiticulail) bj the leadei of the Opposition, weie calculated to nu pi ess disintciested hsteneis to the debate with the feeling that Ali P VTMLU and his siippoiteis would ha\c been equallj willing to i eject the vote if the motion had boon bl ought foi w aid m accoi dance with the stuctcst con stitutional usage had they tho stiength to do so Ihe concession of an adjourn mont to the 11th Julj also seemed made rathol as a mattei of pcisonal favoi than as au act of political fan ness, and while a feeling of contempt foi the new Mnnsti) was scat eely disguised theie w is mam fested an impatience to close with them and thiust them fiom oflice that is seldom if ever exhibited except bj men most anxious for oihco themsch es If ni a fan and legitim ite mannet the new Mmistij can be defeated, why nobody will assoit that it is the business of the Opposition to keep them in powei, but theie was evinced yesteiday a disposition not to be at all sciupulous about the means employed to accomplish that ob ject Mi P YLXIEU s political muscle has de\eloped considerably since the first night of the session His nulor has waxed hottei and hottei with each de bate, but w e fcai that his ni ign unmity has declined in piopoition as his power to act magnanimously has increased He is one who seldom has lecouise to " must) picced^nts, and he is not much to be coii0iatulated on the disco\eiy of those fiom wInch he argues that the THOKNT Mnnstiy is to be held îesponsible foi all the faults of tho MVCVMSILR Mnustij, and is bound to adopt and eudeavoi to cany out the policy of the late Government Uns nnjit be sound as to piecedent and cquitible also, weie it a meie îeconstinotion tint has taken place, butitis nothing of thekind it is essentially a now Mimstiy that has boen fonned, and thou0h containing some of the old leaven, it also contains elements antagonistic to the policy and piactico of the late Government, and we maintain is neithei ic->ponsible foi then shoit coinings not undoi any obligation to make then latest pio0iammo its Hilo of action lo accept office undei such icsliictions as the leadei of the Opposi tion would insist upon would, aftci the debates of last wool be an absuidity too manifest foi the most "»culant of pohti cians to pei pell ate lho combination foimed by Mi THOJ x is not a bttong one, and theie seems little piomise that in the Pulianienlnj mena it will exhibit a vigoi not now ipi aient Mi P VLVII it ovidcntlj îcgaids it is a soi t of unliealthj iboitiou doomed befoio its bnth, and thinks its tenuio of existence mi exceedinglj sli_,htonc »Vii), then, ox hibit such cxtiomc ea0ciness to stnn0lo it lefoic it has fanlj Oot its bieath 1 \\\ Jicthci the lion gentleman anns at office oi does not, it is wo think bid pohcj to seem disposed to denj the new combination a fan oppoituiutj of showing what capacit) it has foi the excecdniglj difiicttlt task it lins imdoitalcn undei most unfavoiablo encumstancts If it weie possible to debil theso gentlemen of tins oppoituiutj, to do so »\ould be to ci cale sj mpathy foi them, of the existence of which at picscnt theie is not much cudonce, while on the othei hand if thej aie but the political ghosts of then piedecessois, theie is nothing to be fcaicd fiom them 'Ihe next sitting of the IIouso w ill piobabl) disclose whethci thoj ln\e an) and what claims to its con fiduice and if the vei diet shoull 1)L a0iiust them, the Mctoiy of the leaiei of the Opposition will be all tho nioic sub slantul and its lew nil all tho moio hkol) to be peiinanont if obtained b) fan and moderate means di OM of the last actions of the M vc u is JJ I Mimstiy was the appointment of a successoi to the late Cn vi its Co\i x as Land Gominisoionci for the List Moleton distutt and Inspecting Connnissiouei for tho settled distiicts of the colon) J he post is as its title signifies, one of con sidei ebie importance, and ono w Inch demanded foi the cilicicnt fulfilment of its duties mole than oidinmy acqmie ments and capacit) lho inspecting comnussionei is, in fact, tho pnncipal ofiicei m that blanch of the Go» cm nient emplojineut As it falls to his lot to investigate and, if^neccsaij, to coiicct the operations of ail othei com nussioneis as occasion nuij anse it is but letsonable to expect that foi lcsponsibili ties so auluous and so in idioii3 none but tho most able uid accomplished ofiicei at the disposal of the Government w mid bo pi iced in that position Among the ofiicei s whose woik it is incumbent on the inspecting coininissionei to leucw nea laige piopoition of piofcssional sin vejois andconsideiitionsof thccoiicctness m ci loi of scientific adjustments of boundiiics neccssaiilj intrude with fie qucncj into such questions is come uniki the ailing of the inspecting cc 11111113 sionei 1 01 theso leisom, theiefoie the advisableness of seeming for tho pint a man who to otliei lecoiumendations joined the advantage of piofcssional skill is obvious enou0h Independent of these constdeialions, howevci, the position is, is we have Mid, the pienuei one among the commissioiici«, and it might have been anticipated that, apirt e\en from arl cvpicity and accomplishments, long and be successful sei vice would luwc been acl regarded in unking choice of in oflicer to lecervc the piomotiun lol i oisons best known to the ex Pieniicr, the lite Government have dis íegarded each of the ovulent considcia tionsby vv Inch their choice sli mid Imcbccn governed, mil luve confcucd the ippuint ment upon i juinoi oihcei whose c1 nins aie of that descuption which aie mulls co-vu lble bj the public ^et ne ovci whelming in the si_,ht of sune influential momba of a Miniatiy Mi 1 iii vu was indeed the ¥111131« 111 clinic of the dopiitment 111 -which this appointment I hy, but wo believe no one will fill | ho into the ciioi of iniiiginin0 tint ho is 111 dicitcd mulei the desigintion of an "mihi ential membtr of the lite Mmisti j ' What evei disi epute 111 îy belonn to him in cou ncction with this matta is we may giant, chi onie and not specific Mi 1 mut has, we 11c piepned to admit, been on this occisión, as on most othcis dining his bnef and humiliating possession of a portfolio, a meie cntspiw 111 moie capable and at the same time moie mischievous hinds The flight of but a few )ciis sei ves among our e\ci moving md ellinging population to bung about y cat changes When the Lnnd Act of ISOh was passed, and ippointments undei its piovisions weie made, imong the nuinba wert land comiiusbioncis loi thedistuctof Moleton, Last md A\est, Mi Cn uti ts Goxt,\ was nominated, the Dilling Downs was entrusted to Mi li INK Gnti OIIY , Mr B G feutniDvv was appointed to the distncts of Wide Bay and Burnett, Mi J RvNKtN to Poit Gui tis , Mi J P SiiAitKLYwas despatclicd to supcnnttiid Bmke, and Mi AKCIHBVLD M'DOWALL was piesented with the caic of the Kennedy distuct Of these "cntlciiitii only tinco weie piofessional men vi/, Messrs GitK ORY, M'DOWVLI, and Su VJIKM, md the last named then tnteied the Govern ment senice for the fn»t time Light yeal s have el ipsed since then Mi COXEN his pissed away, Mi Gili- OIIY occupies 1 scat in the Upper House of oui Legisla turo, Mr SHMUDVV has entei ed mother brineh of the public sen lee, although he also officiates at Girdwell is Lind Commissioner Only two, 111 shoit, of the piofessioml men lemain in the sei vice, Messis M'Dovvm md &11 VHKI Y The forma is the senioi hy five years scr vice, and his icputation is such as to main tun the idvanti0o he dei ives fiom pie cedciice Mr M'Dow vu hi-, made tho piofessional bunch of the Gml iScivicc of Queensland his cn eel 111 life 'Hie countiy his alieady h id thirteen yeais' woik from him, md he is jeta young man md possessed, not only of the invaluable expeiiencc iccuinul itcd (lining these yens of Mined seivicc Miied as legiuls the p itions of the colony which have been the scene of his labors-but he letaius the cneigy and ambition which aie so vUnible when tho advancement of then possessoi and the liitoicsts of the State aie simultaneously benefited theieby Mi M'Dow vu was one of the fust coniiuissionois appointed undei tlie Land Act of 18G3, and his piofessional woik his stood with ciedit the eiucnl test which subsequent suivoys duimg tim teen jeais imposes Ho sue cecded Mi Gi 1 < 01 Y IS Comnussionei foi the Dilling Downs, undei tim Act of 18G8, acting Uso as dis tuet sin v o) 01 foi tint distuct In that post he stood the whole heat and binden of tho exceedingly liying peiiod which succeeded Many of oui îeadeis will be able to lecill the stito of ifhuis which obtained at that time lho influence of tlie gi cat pistol al lessees liad then seal eely begun to Aino Not only weie thoy eigeily staving to obtain evciy uossiblc block of land, but the) weio jeilously endeavoiing to cast obstiactions in the w ay of smallei solectois Agitation was at its height, md somo of the most clanioious denimel itois of dummy ing w 01 c those tiadesmcn md othei íesidents of townships on tho Downs who sought to distuct f 10111 themselves bj then noisy leclmiations obsemtion which would have diseoveied that 111 spite of then ilueiit libei ilism thej weie themselves the secret dummies foi tlie mon thcywcio ontwaidlj denonnciiij, 'ihicatcned on 0110 hmd with (lie mtigoniain of the squatteis, and on tho othei with tho blind ?vengeance ot inothei section of the public, Mi M'Dow \i i stecied a steady and unw iv cung com se Ho neithei stooped to be tho sjcophant of in divulunls 1101 the tool of igi tators rum in Ins deihngs, -with power ful men and couitcoiis 111 his commu mettions with obscnie ones, ho lemaincd long onough 111 the distnet to bo re spected bj both putics AMien Mi SIMIIKNS lcniovcd hnn with some pie tence of eonsideinij, him too much 111 sympathy with thogieit landholders, tho small selectois lcsentcd the imputation liko 0110 man and fdul tho dopa ting olheei, while tho most ejeticmo anti monopolist in the Assembly-Mi GKOOM -actually ciiiied 111 a House whcio the libeial sentiment stiongly piedomniited a vote which imountcd to a cenmie of the Goveinmeiit on Mi M Dow VLL'S io movnl AMnit was done could, howevci, bcarcely be undone Iii» snccessoi hid been already appointed But after the stiong « xpressiou of the confidence of the countiy which tho adoption of Mi GKOOM» motion coin eyed, it might confidently have been expected that any Ministiy which undei stood its position as tho acl mmistiitoi of the wishes of Pailmment would hive seized the hut occisión to icpiii an injin\ condemned by the Legis lativ e Assembly But ap u t f 1 oin the pi 0 babihtv that peison ii lesentmeut i0nnst the man who fi0uicd, although pus sivclj, m then discoiufituic on tint occasion still 1 nikled, thcie weie, if oin infoimatioii be not gicitly it fault, othei 1 eisons cquallj potent which led up to the appointment of Mr Sunn i his gentleman, a lind iaent since 18G6 tint is to saj, appointed to the lowei ofliee tinco yens iflei Mi M Dow VLL occupied the lnghei-md 1 man with no piofessioinl tiuumj, whatevei, had c111111s winch could most conveniently bo settled nt the expense of the coun tiy, of justice, md of the Cud &ei; wee What Ins monts as a public ofhcci weie, we do not piop03e 111 this hu ga article to discuss. ' Mr. SMITH may have been a fairly efficient laud agent and acting commissioner. It requires no immense qualifications to reach that standard. The question is, however, what were the remarkable merits which won for him sudden elevation over the heads of senior officers of higher attainments and superior reputation 1 And this question will, we hope, be asked by the House at the proper time. Certainly, the lato Government should be held to account for a gross piece of favoritism that must have a disheartening effect upon every superior member of the Civil Service. IN the Legislative Assembly yesterday, the hon. member for Fortitude Valley, Mr. BEATIIK, having given notice of a question with ft vie»v to obtain from tho Government information as to what had been done with regard to tho branch culvert to which referenco was made in our leading columns yesterday, Mr. HUIM-VNT took occasion, as that would probably he the last opportunity ho would have of doing so, to make a personal explanation of his own action in the matter. Unfortunately the bun. member spoke in a tone of voice not distinctly audible in the gallery, and our report may consequently bo somewhat inaccurate However, he was under- stood to corroborate what we had stated, and to flay that tho question us to the liability of the owners of property to be benefited for tho cost of the proposed drain had been before the Cabinet,und referred to the Attornoy-Generali who gave it as his opinion that the Government had no power to compel owners of property directly interested to construct the propused culvert or pay for its cost, hut tho Government being invested by the Brisbane Drainago Act with the «anio powers as those possessed by the Municipal Council, as fur as relates to the pur- poses of that Act, could levy a special r.ito on the properties improved when the culvert was completed, or the Corporation could do so when the culveit was handed over to the control of that body. There was no necessity for Mr. HKMM.VST to statu that tho owners of pruporty benefited by the proposed drain could not be compelled to pay for its construction. That question could hardly havo been seriously discussed by any per- son nt all acquainted with tho provisions of the Municipal and Diaiuage Acts; but there was grave reason to fear that, whilst the Drainage Act gave the Government all the powers necessary to enter upon private lauds and make the culverts, it might possibly not authorise the Government to levy a rate. It is reassuriug to learn that the Attorn jy-Qeueral ¡3 of opinion that the Govern- ment may proceed with the culvert without any appieheiision of the question as to the unusual mode of pioceduie adopted in carrying out this work possibly depriving the Municipality, or the Government acting on its behalf, of the power to levy a special rate as provided for works of a strictly municipal character. Mr. OUIKKITH'S opinion, however, may or may not be correct on this point, and now is the time to see that all necessary precautions aro taken against any doubt being throvvu upon the legality of a futuro rate. There cannot be a question that the City Council possesses full po»vora to levy a special rate for municipal works carried out at the expenso of the municipal revenues ; and pro- bably tho Government has equal power as far as regards the particular matter uudor consideration. Still, thore is room for doubt that between tho Drainage Act and the Municipalities Act, the power to imposo a special rate may bo invali- dated ; and the Corporation should nob be satis- fied with half explanations, but see that this point is thoroughly made plain, and the interests of the municipality duly protected. Why not put the matter beyond doubt by handing over I " the construction of the branch culvert, and the money to pay for it, to tho Corporation at once ? Ouït spocial icport of the races at Dalby and other matter lias been crowded out of this issuo by the claims of tho proceedings of* Parliament on our space. Missus. Macrossan ami Pettigrew both took their scats yesteiday on tho Opposition cross benches. Wo expecteil as much of tho lion, member for tho Kennedy, as in point of fact it was his motion that put tho lato Government out of office, though it was negatived by a small majority, and wo belicvo he has moro confidence in them, of the two, than in their successors. But that Mr. Pettigrew, who voted against him in that division, should now take his scat beside him, surprises and almost grieves us. Tho friends of tho now Government must hope that between this and the 11th of July Mr. Pettigrew may receive substantial reasons why ho sliunld return to his accustomed scat at the ministerial side of the House. Nobody sucins to havo tho least idea of what 'can be tho , cause of his present threatening attitudo towards his old friends, but perhaps ho may not ho so really angry as ho soeins. Perhaps his going to that side of the Houso yesterday wii3 mero accident, and did not indicate anything in particular. Tho lion, the Premier should see his old frioud and reason over matters calmly with him. Mr. Pettigrew is not au unreasonable man ; in fact, when mattera aro put properly to him, ho is said to be as open to conviction as any mau in West More- ton. Surely something can bo dono to prevent this unnatural estrangement from ripening into still more unnatural hostility, or must every- thing, tho teudorest ties of friendship, personal and political, bo sacrificed to more expediency or the all-absorbing spirit of centralisation ? WH leam from Mr. Siglcy, the Waterworks Engineer, that the new main has now been coui L I pleted to the point (within ii mile and a-hnlf of the Brisbane service resorvoir) where the old pipe increases in sine, und whore a junction is to be ellecte'd in order to givo an immediate addi- tional supply to the inhabitants of Brisbane and neighborhood. Yesterday Mr. Sigley's patent pipe-cleaner was run through tho uo»v lino of pipes, with tho view of removing auy obstruc- tions that might have got ¡in them while being laid. The length of pipo successfully scoured out was nearly five milos and a half. As soon as the joints have been tested-nu opera- tion which will occupy but n few days-the water will be turned on through the now maiu, and an additional supply, estimated at about 50,000 gallons per day, will bo obtainable. It had been arranged that the ne»v main should enter the city by Quay-street nail the North Quay, but in consequence of" lho high rate of compensation that would now have to be paid in carrying the pipes through land recently sold under the Brisbane Drainage Act, weie this route adopted, it has been abandoned, and the track taken by the old lilli» along lloma-street will now be adhered to, and Quay-street, North Quay, and other localities »vill now have to be supplied by means of branch pipes. TUB usual fortnightly meeting of tho Local Board of Health, convened for yesterday, lapsed for want of a quorum, tho ouly members present at the appointed hour being Aldermen Reading mid Graham. The meeting consequently stands adjourned till nest Wednesday week. ti THK committee of the Indies' working society ¡u connection with the Congregational Church, South Brisbane, will hold a .'salo of useful und fancy gooda in the Mechanics Institute, Stanley street, commencing thin afternoon, at three o'clock, nnd lasting until Saturday next. His Worship the Mayor and Mrs. Kingsford have consented to initiate the proceeding?, which, judging from the efforts of tho.-e who have labored to promote the afluir, are likely to prove a great success. IN Chambers, yesterdny, before his Honor Sir Jnn.es Cockle, Chief Justice, Mr. Bluko, Q.C., applied, ou behalf of Thoa. Kermode, for a rule H/SÍ for n writ of prohibition against J. O'G. Bligh, Police Magistrate, and S. Barter, J.P., of Gympie, in respect of a conviction »gainst the applicant for obstructing a constable in the execution of his duty. The constable in cpiestiou was proceeding to give possession to a purchaser at a cale under a writ of execution when the alleged assault took plnce, and tho contention now is that the policeman was not acting in the execution of his duty. The rule was granted,. and made returnable on the 21st instant, on the ground that, upon the facts disclosed, the Bench had no .jurisdiction.-lu the case of Marvvedel and another v. Kelly, Mr. Hellicar upplied for tho dit missal of nu interpleader summons. The Sherift having withdrawn, the summons was dismissed accordingly, execution creditor to pay three guineas costs to the claimant. A CORRESPONDENT sends us the following very pertinent observations on a subject at present much debated amongst players of football and admirers of the game :-" Allow me, through your columns, to express an opinion held by a good many footballers in Brisbane about the rules at present in use, viz., Rugby Union. There is too much holding the ball and dis- puting about ' on ' and ' off ' side. This is not football at all, and for this reason these rules (or nearly the same) were discarded by Melbourne, and now ones, far better, substituted. The Rugby Union code contains fifty-seven rules, while the Melbourne rules are only fifteen. I think that the secretary of the Brisbane, or Rangers Club ought to call a general meeting of footballers, and let a decided opinion be ex- pressed. On Saturday last there was much dissatisfaction at the continual picking up, tucking under the arm, running with the ball, and then crying 'down,' which 'down' took up nearly half the time altogether." THK performances at the Queensland Theatre last night opened with the fine old comedy of " The Man of the World," the leading part, Sir Pertina* ¡lacsycopliant, being sustained by Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan, au actor of very considerable merit. It is so many years since this piece has been performed in Brisbane that it may be said to be n novelty to local audiences, but is, never- theless, a play which ranks high among tho older di tunas which still hold possession of the Eng- lish stago. Mr. M'Gowan inailo a very favorable impression as Sir Pertinaz, the calcu- lating man of the world, by turns overbearing and cringing. The Scottish accent is ovidently not unfamiliar to his tongue, which is an abso- lute necessity for the proper l opresentation of the character. Mr. M'Gowau made a strong impression in tho fiunl scene of the last act, in which the scheming knight,-like Sir Giles Over reach, to whom hu bears a sort of family like- ness-finds all his intricate manouvres exploded by the very means ho had taken to secure their success. Mr. M'Gowan showed that he had the art of preserving moderation in tho very tempest and whirlwind of his passion lie raged without tearing the passion to tatters. Tho starting eye, tho purpling cheek, nnd tho raised tone waru all there», but nature was not exceeded, while, the gradual touiug down of his agitation as he turned to address himself to the ? great man of his circle was artistically managed. Ho smoothed his brow, but could not repress the passionate trembling of his limbs. By the en- gagement of Mr. M'Gowan, Mr. Tnvare3 has decidedly added materially to the attractions of his theatre. Tho performances concluded with the farce of " My Turu Next," in which Mr. J. P. Hydes had A/a turn next, and, ns Taraxicum Taittcrs, dismissed the audience iu a very mciry mood. A WKLL attended and instructive locturo on " Alfred tho Great" was delivered by the Rev. F. H. Brown, of Ipswich, last evening, nt the Congregational Church, South Brisbane. Mr. llockings took tho chnir and introduced the rev lecturer who, on coming forward, was loudly applaudod. He divided his subject under di fieront heads, and spoke of Alfred first as a warrior, in which ho was all that could bo desired, inasmuch as ho was never so hurd to beat as after a fight, as was shown by his various conflicts with the Danes and other onomies. As a rulor in those curly days there was not his equal, because during fifteen years of peaco ho spent it in making provision against future attacks by raising a standing army, restoring old fortifications, and building new ones ; and Suuthey says, " That ho may, with proprietyi bo considered the first English Admiral, as he took command of tho first English fleet." He rebuilt the City of .Loudon, which had been destroyed by fire. He consolidated the jurisprudence of his kingdom, and appointed Judges to carry out his laws, on whom ho was very sovere when their judgments were unjust or unduly harsh. He also snw to the primary education of his people, and com- pelled pnreuts to use their utmost endeavors to teach their children reading aud writing. As a scholar ho wns hard-working, and at the age of thirty-nine he fust turned his attention to the study of Latin, mid delighted in having scholars about bim. Tho reverend lecturer then pro- ceeded to speak of his moral character, which was pronounced very good, the Court life of his timo being highly mond. He instructed his children in holiness and godliness, which they retained all through their lives. His daughters, though princesses, were instructed in the arts of weaving aud spiuuiug ; and his sons all turned out well. Towards the close of his life tho disrase which had troubled him during his life left him, aud ho died in peace at the age of fifty-four years. Votes of thanks were awarded to the rev. lecturer and the chairman (Mr. HocUiiigs), which were responded to by thosov gentlemen ; and after BÎnging the National Autheui, the meeting separated. Several hymus were sung during the eveniug, nnd it was an- nounced that a lecture on '. William the Con- queror" would be given on Julj 5. THE third appearauco of the Duvalli sisters at the School of Arts last night waa largely attended, and the performance very frequently applauded. Want of space precludes our noticing the distinctive features of tho performance. JUSTICES of the Peace may bo interested (says The D. D. Gazette) to know that they are liable, like others, to serve ou the jury. Mr. T. Allen J.P., of Emu Creek, having written a letter to h¡3 honor Judge Paul, claiming exemption from serving on the jury.it tho District Court sit- tings on Monday hist, on the ground that he was a magistrate, his Honor stated that no magis- trate was exempt from aerving on juries. 