"WTiy Mr. Lunnor Callefi.. While Colonel Y , the editor of a great and influential newspaper published in a certain suburban village, was sitting in his sanctum the other div writing a leader on the subject of ' The Ridgn of Corruption,' Mr. Dunner, the book- canvasser came in. The following conversation ensurd : Dunner—' I wish to ' CJonel—' I don't want any.' D —' I -av that I desire to ' Col.—' Makes no difference ; I don't want it.' D—' To see you for a few moments alone in order to ' Co'.— c No use. I've got a closet full of 'em at home already. Shut thai, door after you when you go out, will you 1 Good morning.' D.—' I don't think you understand me. I called ' Col.—'Oh, yes I do ! I understand you perfectly, Mr. Dunner. I know exactly what you want. You have got under your arms some sample sheets of a life of Christopher Columbus, which is to be issued in numbers, at fifty cents apiece. It is full of preposterous old pictures of Columbus landing on the shore of the New World, with' three or four people around him, dressed like the ' Ghost' in Hamlet, and a dozen or two natives bowing down before him and wondering what in thunder he means bv standing there waving a flag wiih one hand and brandishing his sword with the other. That's what you've got, and you want me to subscribe for it.' D —' Nothing of the sort, sir.' Col.—' Or else you've got a specimen copy of a new illustrated hist try of the United States, with General Washington's horse standin : on three legs, while a cannon bad whistles by him, which George is trying to catch in his hat. And it has in it a lot of portraits of ce'ebratod A.met ic ins, whi h look as if th^y w re drawn to go on rag babies, and a representation ot the battle of Bunker Hill, in which one man is on the ground while another s'.ii-kh Luivonet in him, and all the rest, ]inrlrU< nr-'iiml 11i 111 ami Hon't fin anything. I've seen 'em often. We use Yinf'oi- sti-j-tino; 1 he tii es up at our house. You can't sell any to me.' D.—' You are very umcli mistaken, Colom-i ; I ' OA.— 11 Oh ! well, it makes no diffc i ('],(c. It is something or other of that kind. A life of the Signers, may I.e. wiili : vry-iM'cked American eagle ficrerunii'g on 'lie title p;ige ; or Adventur.'s on the Plains, some hald- }u;((].'<! jiui.'itii', who's been out there sl ettin^ round jmion^- the Indians; or a F;n niei-'s Guide, which instructs the agriculturist not to knock his watermelons off tl'e trees until they get yellow ; or sunn"- such slush as that. I've had lots of 'em ; I see you are in a h nrry.'' D.—Colonel^ the fact is I want to put advertisement in your paper." Co],—"An advertisement—why, sit down my de;>r sir. Excuse me for keeping you standing. Take a chair. ri'ii. i e now. Now what can I do for you r D.— lC I have here a very interesting and valuable hook, the Lije of Bishop J'of/.s the Mormon, Smut,. Look at it. "IT ;jiVIan inside view of Mormonism, exposes all th if mysteries, tells astory w 11ii• 11 i: list thrill the soul of the entire nation." (\,J — u Capital hnok- excellent; the very thing to soli; just what the people •want. jNow you want to advertise it d<j \<>u ?" 1) Y <iS • I'd like to have this pi(jspectu- inserted ten times." Col.—" Ten—yes ; ten fifteens—one hundred iind fil'tv at ten cents a line is -yes, liiteen dollars " J>. Y«.u think it will hell) the b- C. 1.—Think? I know it. All n book ;ike t liat wants is to have pubic alii Mion directed to it. People '11 just g<) l' !' it." ]).—*' And now about paying for the ad\ertis'-inent. Fifteen dollars 1 think you said V' < ol._" Yes, fifteen." 1).—" Jes so. J sell the book at fc.loU, but I'll tell you what I'm <ioing to do. I'm going 1 to put you it at §1.50 and send you round ten of 'em. Ten times §1.50 is just $15, and then w're sqiiure. Col.— <: Ain't you going to pay cash 1 j).—" Oh, no ; of course not. {',,!._" You ain't, hey] Well I v. oidd't touch \ our infamous old mess g-aiMi- about, that polyg'amus old beast of :: IMorrm 11 with a 40-foot pole. it a\v;iy from here. Get out. ^kip orelsel.il get a police man to k oek }<ui down stairs. Ti.eu Mr. runner w t.hdrew. and the Coluiiel went back in a condition of W; 11 • 111 1J to expose the infamies of the iciLoi of corruption. His readers are ve< .uiHware dial a life of Bishop Potts is 1'i'F sale.— J'hiltuh'lpha Bulletin. 