Jlqtmto. YACHTS AND YACHTING. BY S. J. S. " I never was on the dull tame shore, But I loved the great sea more and more.' ""'The deep voice of the billows soondB jLik e music on mine ear, My buoyant heart all joyous bounds Light ae the bark I steer." So sapg«ome who have laid their " hands upon old Ocean's mass and played familiar with his hoary locks," and in his case familiarity can never breed contempt, -for the more you watch the moods of the mighty deep the higher your estimate of his power in storm or calm by night or day. The gneat restless old sea seems to speak a familiar language to the sailor, and in his weird whisperings he tellB of ages and ages of wandering and work. There is no bad croBS in old .Ocean's breed; his birth dates from tiie world's beginning, and his death no man will see. He has done a deal of mischief, but he has made a mint of good. Is there any wonder then that the sailor should love him even in his savage rage, for he is a bold enemy and roare out his defiance like a knight of old. Yachting is one of the pleasantest and safest means of familiar intercourse with the wild wayward sea, and it is also one of the most healthful pastimes within reach of high and low who live near enough to taste the " salty breeze." To the true yachtsman, and even to the tyro who only owns a tiny dingey, there is an amount of genuine enjoyment to be obtained from the proprietorship of a sailing craft, whether she be a hundred tonner or a humble member of the mosquito fleet, that few other wordly possessions, except that of a peaceful conscience, can give. It is much more agreeable to pay the reasonable expenses of a yachting trip and snap your fingers at the family physician, than to nave to settle a score for black draughts and blue pills, and feel as if you wanted more. There is health, and strength, and power in the " breath of the briny," that gets far to windward of the chemist's scented shop. Run a Yacht Club against a hospital and see which will get the largest membership. In every seaport town there always exists a spirit of emulation amongst the owners of small craft—even " sailing rowboats"— that inevitably ripens into a desire to form a Yaoht Club, and when that is started it generally goes along flying. Not only do Yaoht Clubs encourage healthy rivalry in a most healthy sport, but they are the means of stimulating boat-builders to do their "level best" in the way of turning out oraft whose sailing qualities shall be unsurpassed. What the turf has done for horse breeding so yachting has accomplished for boat-building. Since the formation of the South Australian Yacht Club at Port Adelaide the local boatbuilders have exhibited even more pride than they formerly did in the style and build of their boats, and all this is due to the hearty honest rivalry amongst yachtsmen. Moreover, the influence of the South Australian and Glenelg Yaoht Clubs has been the means of taking scores of young men out of the practice of aimlessly *' doing the block " of a Saturday afternoon into the habit of strengthening their muscles and clearing their lungs down the Port Biver, up the Patawalonga Creek, or out in the Gulf, as weather permits. Cricket, football, and hunting cannot enjoy all the honourable monopoly of healthy recreation, consequently yachting and boating cry shares. The South Australian Yacht Club has now been in existence for several years, and thanks to the energy and enthusiasm of Commodore Bundey, who is and always has been its leading spirit, It is likely to carry its way far ahead, when it was first formed there were several pleasure beats or yachts whioh now form part of what is called the mosquito fleet, and they rarely got up concerted raees — rival boats only occasionally pitting themselves when meeting on the waters, and accidentally running the same course. Now and again as two boats would go spinning along with a spanking breeze a hearty challenge would ring across the water, and then the oare and skill of the owners came into play. When this became more frequent Portonians were led to have boats built purely for sailing purposes, and many and minute were the instructions to the rival boatbuilders, each amateur yachtsman watching the gradual growth of his craft with as mnoh solicitude as a trainer would regard a promising oolt The natural result of all this was the formation of the South Australian Yaoht Club, which now numbers over 150 members, and is yearly receiving new yachts on its list. Its officers are:—Mr. W. EL Bundey, Commodore; Mr.(H. D. O'Halloren, Vice-Commodore; Captain Tapley, Rear- Commodore; Mr. A P. Hall, Secretary, with a Committee of five appointed yearly. One of the Club's most stringent rules is that which prohibits all betting on yaoht races, and yachts are not permitted to run for money. The Club has never had any disagreement to mar its usefulness, and the social meetings are characterized by an amount 'Of cordial feeling and genuine hospitality. That is not at all remarkable, as the members are true yachtsmen and cannot help making things snug. _ THE COMING SEASON. Not having the prophetic instincts of "Confidential," I cannot profess to predict the de&tioies; of yachting even from the handwriting of its supporters, but I can say with a tolerable degree of certainty that if coming events oast anything like reliable shadows before, there is every prospect of the yachting season for 1876-7 being a good one and a merry one. The financial position of the leading Club is most cheery, the anticipations of the members sunny, and the appearance of the generality of the yachts firstrate. Some of them have been beached, scraped, painted, rerigged, and put into thorough racing trim. Others are undergoing slight alterations for the better, and will be all there when the opening-day oomes. Two. or three are also on the sick-list, and if not taken greater care of will be nowhere when the Commodore hoists his flag. The White Cloud, which i used to look like a graceful ghost of a yaoht as die glided up the river with her spotless hull antf snowy sails gleaming in the soft moonlight, id now like a fallen seagull, and suffers from neglect. The pert little Undine has coma .the onoe lively Naotflua 4 is 1 heart and chipper and sassy" no longer, having apparently fallen into unappreciative hands. The Zephyr, as mights be expected of the Commodore's pet, Ls all there, and will show how well she can appreciate her owner's skilful handling when the lama comes. The Xanthe, onoe the crack yacht oC the Port, whose fame was so great that with her to sail in a raoe was to win it, is stili to the fore and is donning her holiday gear. The Xanthe*! time has gone by, but she is good for a great; deal yet; and though she has laurels enough to put her down by the head, she will doubtless try for more. She has been rather unfortunate ia the way of getting adrift from her moorings, and although she has not exactly tried every soft • spot on the coast, she has a remarkable predilection forsandy beaches. She was designed by Mr. Wm. Taylor, and in her palmy days mads his " lines" fall in pleasant plaices, for there was • not a better yacht m the Port than the " Flyine Xanthe." The White Clcud, now getting belovp the^ horizon of hope, was also Mr. Taylor's design, and did him credit. The White- Squall and the Banshee, both crack yaohts* came from the same hapi^ and are ready to reflect more credit on their designer. Ma Belle Bessie is another well-known yaoht; capable of showing a clean pair of heels to soma of the Club's craft. The Vivid is generally admitted by yachtsmen to be the best boat of her class, although the Vice-Commodore may bs inclined to dispute this, inasmuch as he beat herlast season. The little Banshee will not let tha Vivid wrest her laurels from ber, and die Is a wonderful weathery boat oapable of doing all sha promises. The Weeteena will not neglect to shotrthe name on her stern to some of her rivals in the coming season. It will be bard to find a better boat of her class than the lively little- Weeteena. A new yaoht has been added to tha fleet in the shape of a fine useful Gulf boat, well built, roomy, and admirably fitted, lately brought from Melbourne by Mr. J. P. Bouoaut, M.P» No doabt much will be heard of her before the season closes. She behaves well in a heavy seaway, and her qualities as a sailing boat are first-rate. She has been much improved by a counter stem being: put upon her, and her present appearanco warrants the conclusion that she will be alia yaohtsman can desire in rough weather. Therois also a roomy comfortable cutter once known, as the Victory, and belonging to Mr. Kemp, o£ Glenelg, but now the property of Mr. A. Tennant, who has named her the Albatross. Her yacht measurement is about 20 tons. She iB elegantly fitted up, and has all appliances that can make life on the sea oomfortable to a- yachtsman. Amongst the mosquito fleet are tho Isabella, Sylphide, and White Squall, all getting ready for the season and promising to show up well in the matches, Mr. H. Muirhead's yacht* the Sylphide, has been ruralizing up the Glenelg- Creek during the winter, and now—thanks to the oare and attention of her owner—looks as fresh as if just off the stocks. Amongst tho builders anddesigners of yachts whose reputation the crack boats are bound to keep np aro Mr. W. Taylor, foreman of the Government Yard, who stands pre-eminent as a designer; Mr. Playfsir, who built the Zephyr and Vivid £ Mr. Michelmore, who turned out the Weeteena and White. Cloud; and Mr. MoKinlay, who built the Banshee. The following is a list of the yachts belonging to the S, A Y.C.:— Yacht, Bygeia ... Edith Zephyr ... Albatross... Edith Kate Xanthe ... White Cloud Lothair ... Weeteena... Vivid Banshee ... Undine ... Nautilus ... Express ... Ada & Amy Isabella ... Sylphide Big. Tns. sohr. 88 ctr. 43 otr. 23 ctr. 20 ctr. 15 ctr. 12 ctr. 7 ctr. 7 ctr. 6 ctr. 4 ctr. 4 ctr. 4 ctr. 3 otr. 3 ctr. 8 ctr. 3 ctr. 3 Owner. Sir Wm. Milne Hon. T. Elder Mr. W. H. Bundey Mr. A Tennant Mr. J.P. Bouoaut, M.Pi Mr. Munton Laid up Mr. Duncan Brown Capt. Bickers Mr. W. Russell Mr. H. D. O'Halloran Mr. Hargrave Messrs. B, & W. Taylor- Mr. Jacobson Mr. Squires Mr. W. Christie Mr. H. Muirhead Mr. Hubert. White Squall ctr. — All these yachts fly the burgee of the Club,, and there are others that will be admitted when: the season opens. The White Cloadand the Nautilus are offered for sale. -The owner of tbe- Lothair has not had time to fit his boat out, as he has only joBt arrived from England. The Undine and Express are on the rick-list and am badly attended. This is a pity, as both yaohtswere pretty little models, and used to show up well in former seasons. It is to be hoped that the White Cloud and Nautilus will pass intogood hands and still be kept in the fleet. 