3Hhe Jjtareltet. A DELAWARE LEGEND. It was on Christmas day that a little party had assembled in the old Newton mansion to participate in tin; festivities for which, at this season of the year, it was famous all the country over. The house stood upon the river bank, three miles and more from New Castle, and in that day it was considered the greatest and handsomest building in the whole neighborhood. A broad lawn swept away from it down to the water's edge, and in summer-time this was covered with bright-colored flowers and bounded bv green hedges. Now the grass was bleached with the cold ; the hedges were brown and sere, and the huge old trees, stripped of their foliage, moare.l, and creaked and shivered in the wind, rattling their branches together as if seeking sympathy with each other in their desolation. Inside the mansion the scene was as cheerful as life and fun and high spirits could make it- Old MaVjr Newton, the lord i.nd master of ail the wide estates, was one of the race of country gentlemen who introduced to this continent the manners, habits, and targe hospitality of the better class of English squires of his day. He was a mighty fox hunter, as many a brush hung in his dininghall could attest. A believer in the free use of the good things of life, his sideboard always contained a dozen decanters, from which the coming, the remaining, and the parting guests were expected to follow the major's example in drinking deeply. His table was always profusely supplied with good fare, and dining with him was the great duty and pleasure of the day. He was a gentleman in education, and to some extent in his tastes jS'btit his manner partook of the ctitae&ss; of his time, for he swore fierce oaths, and his temper was quick, terrible and violent. His forty negro slaves we -e treatedsvith indulgent kindness while they obeyed liim implicitly, but any attempt at insubordination upon their part called down upon their heads a volley of oaths and that savage punishment which the major considered necessary to discipline. To-day the major had been out of spirits, and tad not joined heartily in the hilaritj' of tiie company, which, despite the gloom of to master, made the old house ring with the merriment and laughter due to the happiness of Christmas time. At five o'clock dinner was done ; and the ladies haying' 'withdrawn, die cloth was removed, the wine and whiskey and appletoddy, and a half-dozen other beverages, were brought out, and the major and the male guests began the serious work of the repast. Tie major sat at fie head of the table'; Dr.Bicketts, a jolly bachelor of fifty, who neglected medicine that he . ungtat.better spend Ins fortune in a life of ease and pleasure, .presided at the lower end of the board, upon the flanks of which sat a dozen. .gentlemen from the neigh- ::iwnng4E8iate% among them Tom Wliiitts, from the adjoining farm, and Dick Newton, the wajor-s only son. s - The conversation had languished Bornewhfct The major was as gloomy As he heetn&sriier; it) (he day. Dick seemed & sympathise with hirfather. "Tom Wiljlitts was impatient-to have die dunking bout over, that-hermsfct go to the parlor, where lus thoughts already wandered, and where his fiancee. Maty Engle, the fair «0v®rae<3S-Mi the major's family, Awaited fi&o.; The guests at last began to be depressed hj'the want-of spirits in their host; anSff "t had not been ior Doctor Efckette, •thfere wonld'have lieenn dull lime indeed, "Bnfc-the doctor was talkative livdy, and wholly indiffierfait io the taeriascnit^ ofhis »ompaniotiB. Uis weakness was a fetidness for theorizing, and he rattled on from topic to topic, heedless of anything hut the portly goblet which he replenished time and again from the decanter and the punch-powl. At last he exclaimed, in tile hope of rousing his host from his apparent despondency. " And now let's have a song from the major. Give us ' Tally Ho!' Newton." " [ean't sing it to-day, gentlemen,"said the major; " the fact is I am a good deal out of sorts, t have met with a misfortune, and I—" " Why, what's happened ?" exclaimed the whole eoinpany. " Why," said the major, with an oath, ' I've lost my famous old diamond brooch —a jewel, gentlemen, given to my father by George [I.—a jewel that I valued more than all the world beside. It was the reward given to my father for a brave and gallant deed at the battle of Dettingen, and its rare intrinsic value was trifling beside that which it possessed as the evidence of my father's valour. " How did you lose it, major ?" asked the doctor. u I went t« my desk this morning, and found that the lock had been picked, the inside drawer broken open, and the brooch taken from its box." " Who could have done it ?" "I can't imagine.'' replied the major; I don't think any of those niggers would have done such a thing. I've searched them all. but it's of no use, sir—no use ; it's gone. But if I ever lay hands on the scoundrel, I'll Hay hiiu alive—I will, even if it should be Dick there ; and the old man gulped down a heavy draught of port, as if to drown his grief. " My theory about such crimes,"' said the doctor," is that the persons committing them are always more or less insane." •'Insane!" swore; the major fiercelv. " If I catch the man who did this. I'll fit him for a hospital." "We are all a little daft at times—when we are angry, in love, in extreme want, or excited by intense passion of any kind," said the doctor. *' Extreme ignorance, being neglect of one's intellectual faculties, is a kind o! insanity, and so is the perver siou of the moral perceptions of those who are educated to a life of crime from their childhood. My theory is that punishment should be inflicted as to restore reason, not nerely to wreak vengeance." " And my theory is that every vagabond who breaks the laws ought to be flogged and imprisoned, so that he may know that society will not tolerate crime. Hang your fine-spun theories about the beggars who prey upon the community!" said the major, rising and kicking back his chair ill- naturedly. The doctor had nothing more to say, and the company withdrew to the parlor. There, gathered around the great fireplace, sat Kirs. Newton, her daughters— both children—Mary Engle, their tutor, Mre. Willitts and the wives of die gentlemen who had come from the dinner-table. They rose as the men entered the room, and greeted them cordially. Tom Willitts went quickly to Mary's side, and while the others engaged in lively conversation he took her hand gently, and, as was their privilege, thay walked slowly up the room and sat by the window alone, Mary's face brightened as she thanked Tom heartily for the beautiful present he had sent her the day before. - " Why don't you wear it now, Mary ?" at-ked Tom. " Do you want me to? I will get it and put it on. then, when I go to my room," said Mary. Mary Engle was the daughter of a widow in humble circumstanoes who lived in the village. Talented and well- educated she had determine 1 no longer to be a burden upon her mother, but to support herself. She had chosen to become a governess in Major Newton's family. Young, beautiful, and of good social position, she was a valuable acquisition to that household, and was a universal favorite, although the major could never quite rid himself of the no . ion that,as 6he was adependant and an employee, he was conferring a favor upon her by permitting such intimate relations to exist between her and his family. But he treated her kindly, as all men must treat a pretty women. She was a girl with whom any man r-iight have faUen in love with upon first acquaintance. Dick Newton loved her passionately before she had been in his father's house a month. Bat she had chosen rather to favor Tom Willetts, a constant visitor at (he Newton mansion, and as fine a fellow as ever galloped across the country with the hounds. Dick had not had time to propose before, the game was up and Tom called the prize his own. But Dick nursed his passion and smothered his disappointment, while lie swore that, he would posssess the girl or involve her and her lover in common ruin with himself. Tom had been engaged forthree months before this Christmas day. He was to be married in the coming spring. There was to be a theatrical exhibition in the Newton mansion this evening, in which the young people were to participate. A temporary stage had been erected at one end of the long room, and at an early hour seats were placed in front of the curtain, and the guests took their places, conversing With much merriment and laughter until the bell gave the signal for the performance to begin. It was a little play—a brief comedy of only tolerable merit, and it devolved upon Mary Engle to enter first She tripped in smiling,and begantherecitation wiili a viyaoity and spirit that promised well-for the.excdlettce of the performance throughout Upon her throat she wore a diamond brooch which blazed and flashed m tiie glare of the footlights. There was an exclamation of surprise on the part of the gentlemen present; and the sound startled Mary. She paused and looked round her enquiringly. Just then Major Newton caught sight of the brooch. With: an ugly word upon biB lips, he sprang feomfus seat and jumped wponihe stage. . Where did you get that ??he demanded fiercely, pointing at the diamonds, his hand trembling violentiy. There was absolute silence in the room as Maiy, pale and calm, replied i " Why do you ask, sir t" "" "Where did you get that,Isaj? It •was stolen trlfm me. f You are a thief 1" instant she torelt from her drfisg and flangit upon the floor. The major Seeped towards It and picked tup quickly. \- ' Man covered her cheeks with her hands, and the crimson of her cheeks shone through her fingers. •• Whcredid you get it ?"again demanded the major. I will not tell you, sir," said she, dragging down her hands with an effort and clasping them in front of her. " Then leave this house this instant and leave it for ever!" said the major wild with passion. Tom Willitts entered just as the last words were ntteredi . fMsxy ^eemed fainting. lie flew to her"^e aS;|^;|a (Jefeiid her against her enemy.iSfl not know the cause of her trouble, .but he glared at the major as if h%^o;u34 slay him. But as he tried to place- bis arm round Mary, she shrank away from him; and giving him one look of scorn and contempt and hatred, she ran from the room. From the room to the great door iu the hall, which, with frantic eagerness she flung open, and theu, without any covering upon her fair head, hot with shame and disgrace, and maddened with insult, she fled out into the cold and dark and desolate I winter's night j Scarcely heeding (he direction, she J reached the river's shore ; and choosing the j hard sand for a pathway, she hurried along it The tide swept up in ceaseless ripples I at her feet the waves breaking upou the icy fringe of tiie shore, each with a whisper that see tied ti> tell of her dishonour. The wind rustled the sedges upon the banks and tilled theui with voiccs that mocked her. The stars that lighted her upon her mad journey twinkled through the frosty air with an intelligence they had never before possessed. The lights, far out upon the river and in tiie distant . town, danced up and down in the dark- i ness as if beckoning her to come on to • them and to des r iction. j Her brain was in a whirl. At first she | felt an impul^ to end her misery in Hie ' rtver. One plunge and all this angwsh j and pam would be buried beneath those | restless waters. Then the hope of vindi cation flashed upon her nind, and the awful sin and cowardice of self-destruction rose vividly before her. She would seek her home and tiie mother from whom she should never have gone out She would give up happiness and humanity, and hide herself from the cold, heartless world for ever. She would have no more to do with false friends and false lovers, but would shut herself away from all this deceit and treachery and unkindness, and nevermore trust any human being but her own dear mother. And so, over the sandy beach, through aire and mud, through the high grass and the reeds of the water's edge, tangled and dead, and full of peril in the darkness, with her hair disheveled and tossed about by the riotous wind, but with uot a tear upon her white face, 6he struggled onward through the night, until, exhausted with her journey, her wild passion and her misery, she reached her mother's house, and entering, clasped her arms about her mother's neck, and with a sob fell fainting at her feet o o e o There was an end to merriment at the Newton mansion. When Mary ran from the room, the company stood for a moment amazed and bewildered, while the major, raging with passion, yet half ashamed of his furious conduct, walked rapidly up and down the stage, attempting to explain the theft to his guests, and to justify his cenduet But Tom Wiilett, shocked at the cruel treatment he bad received from Mary, yet filled with righteous indignation at tiie major's violence, interrupted his first utterance. " You are a coward and a brute, sir; and old as you are, I will make you answer for your infamous treatment of that young girl." And before the major could reply he dashed out to pursue Maiy and give her iiis protection. He sought her in vain upon the highway; and filled with bitterness and wondering why she she had so scorned him, he trudged on through the darkness, peering about him vainly for the poor girl for whom he would have sacrificed his life. " Perhaps it was merely a jest," suggested Mjs. Willitts. u I think Mary wholly incapable of theft. She never could have intended seriously to keep the brooch." " A pretty serious iesfc." said tiie major, " to break into my desk three days ago. It's the kind of humour that puis people in gaol." "My theory about the matter," said the doctor, " is this : She either was made the victim of a pretty ugly practical joke, or else some one stale.the jewel from you and gave it to her to get her into trouble." " X don't believe anytiiing of the kind," said the major. " It must be so. If she hsd sto!en[it, she certainly would not hare worn it in your presence this evening. It is absurd to suppose such a thing. Taking this theory—" " Hang theorizing!" exclaimed the major, seeing the force of this suggestion, but more angiy that he was driven to admit it to his own mind- " She's a thief, and as sure as I live she .shall -eitherconfess, tell how she gotihe jeweljflr go to prison," " And as sure as I live," said thedoctor, grown indignant and eerious, "XiWilliinraveIihismystep T andc!ear.tiusiiMi0eent girl of tliis most infamous and wicked impntation.!\ " Do it if you can I" said the major, and turned his backnponhim contemptuously. The doctor Jeft thehousei aiid the company dispersed;-eager gossips «!!*>£ them, to teil the story .far and wide throughout thecommmiityhefore to -morrow's -noon o . « . e e When Maiy iiad revived and toldj in assurance that die should never leave her j attain ; and while she denounced Major Newton's conduct bitterly, she md hi would find he had made a m^ake and °Do not ask me, mother : I catmofc cap - not tell yon.- "Had you merely-picked it tip,and gut it on in jest?" ^ ''No «dd Miry, "it was given to me41«amiat tell by- whomjond"! thought it-was-mine. wnd, crridt" abd her tears came up Again. ^Aatcl Tvho ^was it that did sa -vile -a thing V asked'licr tn6th&\ " Mother, I cttriffot wim toll you tliat." " But, Maty, this is.-'foblish, Yon must not, foryouf Own fete,'for mine, hide the name of thi6 criminal." ', " T will never, neVcf tell. I will die first." " Was it Tom Waiitte ?" " You must not question me, mother," said Mary, firmly.- "If the person who betrayed me is cowaltMj enough io place me in such a position, itnd then to stand coldly by and witness' my shame, I am brave enough and true enough to bear the burden. 1 would rather have this misery than his conscience."' Tom Willitts knocked at the door. "If it is Tom Willitts, mother,"said Mary, rising, " tait'him I will not see him. Tell him nev«r to come to this house again. Toll him." she said, her eyes glowing with excitement, and stamping her foot upon the floor, " tell him I hate him—Into him for n false,wean villain l"and she fell back upon tlie chair in awflCpissicm of tears. lfi-s. Rngle met Tom at the door. He was fill ?d with snxiety and terror, but he re joiced that Maty was safe, Mrs. Engle told bim that Mary refused to see him. [£e was smitten with anguish, and begged for^i single word with her. " Do you know anything- about this w'eked business, Mr. Willitts"?"asked Mrs. Kngle. suspicious, because of Mary'swords. that Tom was the criminal. " l ; pon my honour. I do not. I heard Major Newton's language, and saw the bro >cli upon the floor ; and when Mary fled from me, I pursued her. wondering what it all meant." She evidently suspects von of hav ing been the cause of the trouble. Prove that yOU were not. Until then she will not see yn„. t beg you, for yourself and her, to jcjl the truth'about this, if you knowit, or „t least {„ persist till you discover it. Toul wcn, away distressed and confmm<)ed. She suspected him. No wonder, ^ s h e h a d 6 ' n e < i h i n l e o m ( i e i E e thought ih(t ma'lter over, and could arrive at no solution of the difficulty. He had sent her a bracelet which she had promised to wear, but die had not worn it It was impossible that this Tb'rooch could have been substituted. No, liis own servant had given|t to her, ana brought her thanks ia return. Besides, who could be base enough to play such a dastardly trick upon a pretty young girl ? He could not master the situation; and ill his trouble he went the next morning to Dr. Ricketts. The doctor was equally puzzled, but he was certain that there was foul play somewhere. BjgJind pledged himself to unravel the lajStcry, and he began the work by visiting MaJj>. AIone,he went to the house. He found St in strange commotion. Mrs. Engle was sitting upon the sofa, crying bitterly ; Mary, with pale, sad race, but with an air of determination, confronted an obsequious mac, who, with many apologies and a manner that proved that he was ashamed of his business, extended a paper -4owards her, and requested her to accompany him. It was a constable uritli a warrant for her arrest. Nearly five weary months were to pa6s before the cruel time of the trial. Dr. Ricketts busied himself examining everyone who could possibly have been connected with the affair of die brooch, bnt with no result but a deeper mystery. Tom's servant swore he had given tiie bracelet into Mary's own hand. Two of the house servants at Major Newton's were present at the time, and they were certain the package was not broken. Mary's thimble had been found under the broken desk in which tiie brooch was kept, and the housemaid had discovered a chisel secreted behind some books in the bookcase in licr room. The evidence, slight though it was, pointed to Mary as the criminal, despite tiie absurdity of tiie supposition, in view of die manner in which ehe had worn the jewel. Mary herself preserved an obsti - note or from whom she procured tiie Mai brooch. The doctor-was bewildered and confounded, and he at, last gave up his inquiries in despair, hoping for k gracious verdict from the jury at tiie trial. Through ail (he weary time Maiy kept closely at home, secluded from friends and acquaintances. Indeed, viators were few in number now. She was in humble circumstances, and she "was in disgrace. Sodetyalways accounts its members guilty until their innocence is proved. There were people in the town who were jealous or her beauty, her popularity, her place in the affections of rich Tom Willitts, and these did not hesitate to hint, with a sneer, that they had always doubted the reported excellence of Mary Sngle, and to esscii their belief-iis herjguilt Tom Willitts was nearly crazed about her treatment of him, ana the ignominy thai was heaped upon-her. With Dr. iiickette and Dick Newtony who professed intense onsteiy to help to solve the matter, he strove valiantly to elear her of the charge, but without avail. The day of the trial came, HSie courtroom was crowded. - Able lawyers on both sides sparred with ^ach other, as able lawyers do, but the heart of the prosecuting attorney was ovidently ttotircai his work. His doty was dear, however, and tiie cvidenec was overwhelming. Hie defence had nothing to offer hot Mary's good character and her appearance before tiie company with the brooch upon her person. r the jndge was compelled to instruct the jury against tiie prisoner. An hour of anxious suspense, and tiiey retained; ad verdict of " guilty.'' Mrs. Engle began to sob violently. Maiy drew her veil aside froma face that was ashen white, bnt not a nuiscle qiuvcred until tiie jndge pronounced the sentence; Cost, of proton, , fine of one bare hack on tiie faaWay following, and imprisonment for one ye£» fell to the floor msfosihle, and Dr. Bickeite,svSng ha- io <h Eanns,^ Ma^ teken- awayfrem -llie scene ^ h be*tpeace, fe Wfli fifewa^-ufesacoes^. iifeaicoessfiu] ^ r C l ^ ^ ^ S S monand mitted crimes, they must submit Io the penalty. Society uiust be protected. The intelligence and social position of the criminal only made the demands of justice more imperative. If he pardoned Mary Engle, men 'would lightly : say that the jioor and' friendless (irid 'weak' were punished, while the influential and rich escaped tiie law. He Must do his duty to Delaware arid to her people. He could not. grant the pardon. 1 Brit there was to be another appeal to executive mercy, ft was the night before the jiunishmcnf. Tiie doctor sat iti hiS parlour, before the glowing fire in' tllii grate, and witii his'heail rest i it j; upo|i"liis hand he thought sadly of the pitiful'scene he had witnessed in the jail from which he had just come—of Miry, in tiie damp, narrow cell, hearing herself iike a heroine through all this terrible trial, and still keeping a secret which' the doctor felt certain would give her Iwck lia - freedom and her £bffHhiame if it could bfed!sfclose3; of Sirs. Engle, full of despair and terror, crying bitterly over the shame and disgrace that had come upon her child, and which would be increased beyond endurance on the morrow. As the doctor's kind old heart grew heavy with these thoughts, and from the bewildering maze of circumstances, he tried to evolve some theory that promised salvation, Dick Newton entered. He was haggard and pale, and his eyes were east down to the floor. " Why, Dick, what's the matter ?" asked the doctor. " Dr. Ricketts, I have come to make a shameful confession. I " " Well ?" said the doctor, suspiciously and impatiently, as Dick's voice i altered. " I will not hesitate about if," said Dick, hjirriedly; " I am afraid it is even now too late. I stole the diamond brooch." "What!" exclaimed the doctor! jumping to his feet in a frenzy of indignant excitement. " I am the cause of all this trouble. It was my fault that Mary Engle was accused and convicted, and it will be my fault if she is punished. Oh, doctor, cannot something be done to save her? t never intended if should go so far." " You infamous scoundrel ! n said the doctor, unable to restrain his scorn and contempt ; " why did you not say this be~ fore ? Why did you permit all this misery and shame to fall upon the defenceless head of a woman for whom an honest' matt should have sacrificed his very life. How was tliis villany COUBU nmated ? Tell me, quickly!" The poor wretch sank upon his knees, and with a trembling voice exclaimed, " I loved her. I hated Tom Willitts. He sent her a bracelet I knew it would come. I broke opcu father's cabinet and took his brooch. With threats and money I induced Tom's servant to lead me the box for a few momeuts before he entered the house. I placed the brooch in it She thought it camo from Tom, and she resolved to die rather than betray him, although she thinks him tiie cause of her ruin. It was vile and mean and wicked ill me, but I thought Tom would be the victim, not she ; and when the trouble came I could not endure the shame of exposure. But you will save her now, doctor, will you not ? I will fly—leave the country— Jail myself—anything to prevent this aw- ful crime." The miserable man buret into tears. Dr. Ricketts looked at him a moment with ; eyes filled with pity and scorn, and then said: "So my theory was right, after «JJ. Come, sir, you will go to the governor with me, and we will see if he will grant a pardon upon your confession." " What, tn-night ?" asked Dick. "Yes, to-night—now; and it will be well for you and your victim if fleet horses carry ns to Dover and back before ten tomorrow morning." * ( In five minutes the pair were seated in' a carriage, and through the black night they sped onward, the one with his heart swelling with hope, joy, and humanity, the other cGwcttng in the darkness, full of misery and eelf- contcmpt, and of horrible forebodings of tiie future. o o e c o e Saturday morning—a cold, raw, gusty morning in May, The town was in a small uproar. . Men lounged on tiie parches of the taverns, in front of which their horses were hitched, talking politics, discufeang erap prospects, the prices of grain, tiie latest news hy eoKch and schooner from Philadelphia. Inside the bar-room men were reading newspapers a month old, drinking, swearing, ami debating with loud voicea. But the attraction that morning was in another quarter. In die middle of tiie market street there was a common—a strip of green sod twenty ieet vrade fringed on either side with a row oftnees. In centre of tliis etood ti»o whipping-post and pillory. w , . t . „ . . ,. , , te f n ^Hed out from the | steeple down the street 1 wa she anme j Ml fta called^ the people together oa Sunday to worship God and to supplicate his mercy. It was a bell of vftrioUB'iiwse. It summoned the saints to prayer mid the eiiiners to punishment • * • Af its earliest stroke the jaHer issned front the prison witii a forlern-lonlaiig white man in his clutchoe. Ho hurried Iris prisoner up tiie ladder, and prepared to fssfen him in the pillosy- hoys, below collcctea in knots, and fingered Ih si missiles in their ha»»ds, He jailer descended A l> v lifted his hand and "flung a rotten egg at the piHoned wrcteh. It luc him squarely in th«? fmx^wl tin> feculent content" streamed down tn h" thi . That was the tifritd. Eggs, d<vul rats, mntl Ftf>nect lufte of sod. awl a mta'ifulo of ttihv tiimp^dmreml npm | OTi^f g f Z ^ Z m X ! . Zt ^ S fo^ ft^. tte ^ AoflSXffi S f f t T ^ l & S a M hf f L d S ^ t> X j & t e J ^ d M h m X S t f l n l f i r ^ X l ^ r w T S l ^ L ^ IwhSppmi-poBtJDow^ aa^e^^wovra-} k ^ ^ ^ Sha drugged from tiie jail wild with fright ftud apprehension. Around her lege a Boiled skirt of calico dangled., Abont. her naked body, stripped for. tiie sacrifice,fragr ineiit of ctirpef was hung. TJie jailer brought her by main force to the post through jhe jeering crd,wd, and while die bfiggod wildly, almost incbliereiitly, fir mercy, promising, vnguj, impQSBibJgjJi&igs;, tiie officer of tiie'law clasped the^feircufis atj^t her lipids, so that she wis compelled to fetand' opon her toe$ ,to ^ cape unendurable agony. Tiie blanket was toni from" bep'.difjijlders, ^la ' v^tij dilated eyef! glisteuiug n'ith terror,' ihe turned her,head half Mund'to'wh^re tiie sheriff stood, ready to esecufe tiiiij Jaw., This virtuous officer felt tlge .sharp thongs of liis "cat" complacmifly as jie listened in'tii' diill car to fho iiiceesai^l prayers of the woman, and when, jailer said, " Forty lashes, .difii-iff," tiie, cat was swung slowly yp, fte.onds ccE tij^ ladies tou^d ilie^cB^'s Viaclcj 'Gnifgiii'g: blood at tiie iiret blow. * The crowd. laughed and applauded. The sheriff accepted the applause with tiie calm indifterence of a man who feels tiie greatoesa of his office and has confidence in his own skill." , As the lashes came thick and fast, the skin swelled up into thick purple ridges, and then the bfood spurted out in crimson streams, flowing down upon the wretched skijit an<J staining it with a new and dreatliu) hue. The woman's piercing scrcauie rang- oat upon tiie air and filled some kind hearts with tender pity. But as it was a " nigger^ tiie tendency to tinman kindness was smothered. Beneath the blowE she imthed and contorted and shrank forward, until ap lael, faint with loss athlood, with terrible pain and neryou^ exhaustioji, eke sank helplessly down .imd hung by her arms alone. At first tiie slieriff thought he would postpone the rest oi the puaisbment until slie recovered. But there were only fivie more lashes to be given, an<l he concluded it would be as well to finish up tiie job. They were inflicted upon the insensible form, and then the jailer camo forward with a pair of shears. The sheriff took them coolly and clipped away a portion of the wojnan's ears. Her hands were then unshackled ; and bleeding, mutilated, unconscious, die was carried into 'tiie prison. Her agonised cries had penetrated those wails alieady,and brought a whiter lino to tiie pale cheeks of the woman who by this ignominy had learned her sisterhood with the poor black. There were two other women in tiie cell, Mrs. Engle and Mrs. WllliSfe. Hie former controlled herself for her daughter's sate, but dared speak no word to her, Mrs. Willitts, through her tears, tried to comfort Mary as with hesitating hands die disrobijd her for the torture: " The day will come, Maiy dear, when you will be vindicated, and tliese wicked men will hide their heads with bitter shame and humiliation. Bnt boar up bravely, dear. Have good courage through it all. Perhaps it will not be bo hard. ' Though there be heaviness ior a night, joy cometh in (he morning,' Wo will all be happy together yei eomc day." Mary Bugle stood there, Bpoechleus, etatuelike, immovable, as thay took'away her garments, and her fair white skin glistened in the dim light " It was almost time. I^ie black woman was being dragged through the door to the nest cell, fte murmur of tiie crowd came up from the street. Mrs. Willitts placed the blanket upon those ivory shoulders, and JIarj'i turning to her mother, Hung her arms abont her and kissed her. In a whisper she said, " I shall die, mother, t will not live through it I will never see yon again." But there was not a tear in her eye. Wrapping tiie blanket tightly abont her, with the calmness of despair die prepared to step from the cell at the oall of the impatient jailer. A great commotion in die streets. The note of house's hoofe A din of voices. Then a wild cheer. Dr. Wekette dashed In, flourishing a paper in his hand.' " Sio is pardoned 1 pardoned 1" he ghosted; " go backl take her back!" he said as the jailer laid hie hand upon Maiy. "See this!" and he Stung the paper ! open in his fees. lie long agony was oi-er, and tlte reac tion was £ gnat that Jisuy Engle, liatdlj conscious ofthpgood thihjir that usd hop ; pened to her, and not fully realimng 4hi events by wlneh !ier5nnoOiaice"vvas jOTved •etm. stupefied wrffcysSWeiwk rato Ai felt femtTttid laying her upo» gth« low bed, tiiey told her all the rtor^ ^ and vi-Jien the doctor saidtliat Tom ms not* guilty •man, Ae , turttei , ..........j.;- ihetsjMaa'to - tkmrii -« .p« to hide thehlinding tears, and die muttered, forUiatr' ••ii Ab ^fHSi& iirison. 4oors, leaning on the doctor's amvtho crowd, now l^gely ncreased, hm'M Iwrwitft a h,^,, but Maiy drew her veil over iter nd Juddered se she tliooght how these vesy jieople hsd assembled to sec •her logged It is my theory, my dear," «aid the doctor, "tiiaf humsn beingi- we equally glad when their fellow-creatures set Into trouble and when they get-wit of it* Back «)t» again in hor-old home, Maty urns hsweged by friends whose regard had suddenly smimed forw.aad vrfio were now eager to congratulate iter upoo her TOidicatiott. Tom WillittBcame io the door and in • qnired for Mrs. 15ngle. "Can I come In now?" ho impured, -with a slow ijpon his face, j If did pi irtj and there, before iham j U ^ m ^ m ^ t ^ i i a i ^ B ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ' ^ ^ ^ F'® 1 ' ^Jf? 1 ?,'"* ^ ° T ? *? ^ ^ m o n h^r (him ^ Thews was nnotbOr ^iBJtor, ©Id Major ^ ^ ^ ® 1 1 ^ ^ ^ •<! ^ ^ ^ yon-J Mcvor stonc" whose«m;ha8 tied fromhomea scoljiidru} and and who standi; before you .ready.,to .kiis jour feet iM^^^^c.^odneBe and your noble Eelf-Bkcrifico, eay it, that I .may at least h,aye thatjMmfort my defolftfaoit- • And Maiy took the old man e , hard injIjaB, and appke kiad and^gentle wprds, jjp h&j;^iwd; switii feflrs, coursing down his rough cheeks, he fasspd bet" ^aiciy wd went outj aiid, back to his forlom and wretchcd honjfc W»C 9®other C8His,te»aB . tnght ft. few tnonthe later, and this tin otic tueny waking was going on .iiiijlio: ,Willitts man titWb-JPiei^jiyerQ two bpdes there. .-.ICuy JRiift \rerehusylielpmg.tlie chii^ij wiai .tiieir Ghrieiimw games, and keepuig .^gii^e esjcitemenl, as if no-sorrow baa ever come across their path; while seated ftt the upper end ox tne room, OTSKiaTSilytfS^ and then witiia.ead memory of the tronbled times that .-wer^.gone hy fur eypr. And when: the: games were all in foil progress,', 1 3?om.jand his wite waldiea them for. ft while, and then he drew hm- arm through. his, and they went to .the, poroh and looked, ont upon the aver heBting iflp against the ice-bound shore, juftt as it did on: that night one year ago. But it had a different language to Mary's ears now. It wee foil «£.-music, but music tliat seemed in a minor toy, as the remembrance ©f tiiat wild flight along the shore came: «j> vividly in her mind. Neither spoke for a while, bnt each knew that tho fcboughts of the other went over all the miseryn&iid; terror of the j>ast, only to rest satisfied with tijo ceJm,.eweet. liappiness o£ (he present elzspmg her husband's arm tighter in ;her ^asp. looked witli uueonficious eyes ont o ver As broad river, while her lips elowly repeated that grand old .hymn : of nnmfortnanfl hope:—.. 1 . ' "There is a Say of peace and rest For sorrow's dark and dreary night; Though grief may bide an evening guest, Yet joy will come with mOrnirig light. "Hie light of smiles shell beam again EVom lids that now o'crflow with tears, And weary days of woe and pain Are earnostg of serener years." 