Christmas Customs. BY D. O'DONOVAN. FESTIVITIES at the close of the year were first instituted by the ancient Romans. They were then called the Saturnalia, as Master Hopeful will know if he enters on his Christmas vacation with any knowledge of the history of Home. They wore also called, liberlas Decembri-a name which indicated pretty plainly the month in which they were held. This holiday, which was a season of licentious folly, lasted for a week, and daring its continaance nothing was heard but the din of revelry, and the foul mutterings of unbridled excess. One tenth part of a man's income was appropriated to this orgie ; all exertion of the body and mind was forbidden; nothing was to be read or recited which did not provoke mirth ; the slaves were allowed the utmost freedom with their masters, and in the midst of all this disgusting indulgence, strange to say, the holly- branches were sent round on their friendly errand from house to house. This, however painfully it may clash with the reverential affection we have for him, is the ignoble origin from which dear old Father Christmas is derived. The Saturnalia introduced into Britain by the Romans soon became intermingled in that country with the ceremonies observed by the Druids at the same period of the year, and subsequently became incorporated with the wild and grotesque mythology of the Saxons, and with many of the uncouth and barbarous customs of the Danes. After these latter came the Normans, bringing with them additions to the Christmas observances in the rudiments of mysteries and miracle plays, and of mummeries, maskings and pageants-in fact, all the better and more lasting popular amusements of the Benson. Christianity, too, which had already reached the British shores, and which had adopted the old Roman holiday as the time for the celebration of the Nativity, while it withered with its breath the more hideous practices of our pagan ancestors, gave a new and a brighter colour to what then became in a certain sense the great Sabbath of the year. The first great Christmas, in its more modern form, of which we read, was cele- brated in the reign of Henry II., and was kept up in exactly the same style by his lion- hearted successor, as appears from the old romance : Christmas is a time full honest. King Richard it honoured with great feste All hi.- clerks and baronn.q Were sot in their ixivylouns. And Fcrvinl with plwiti Of ???? and drinks and each daintie. The Christmas observances which most especially remind us of pagan times are the very popular ones of hanging up the mistle toe and burning the yule-log. A word or two about both of these. We all know that the mistletoe was held in especial reverence by the Druids, who in their woodland rites gathered it with a golden sickle; but what will perhaps be new to many of my readers is the quaunt old legend in which this beautiful plant is en- shrined in Scandinavian mythology. Balder, who in the northern Olympus is the god of poetry and eloquence, and second son of Odin and Friga, having fallen into a nap like a simple mortal, was terrified, notwithstanding his godship, with a most significant hint, in "the form of a dream, that his days would soon be numbered, and the Walhalla would resound with his songs and speeches never- more. On awaking it appears his first thought was to run, like a well-trained youth as he was, and relate the fearful circum- stance to his mother. Friga, as may be ex- pected, was thrown into a most extraordinary, flutter by the story of her dutiful son, and scoured the heavens and the earth in her nervous excitement, asking all the powers of nature that she met, and all the plants and animals that she came across, to take an oath upon the spot that they would do no injury, to her boy. When this was done, the blubber- ing Apollo seems to have plucked up courage enough to take his place in the combats to which brother divinities were, according to Scandinavian notions, so much incline. A sly villain, however, whose name waa Loake, and who was a sworn enemy of Balder, re- solved to discover the means by which he had been rendered not only courageous, but invulnerable, and taking an opportunity of getting into chat with Friga he so palavered the good old lady about the valour and good fortune of her son that he completely won the confidence of the poor, simple soul. Then it was that she avowed to him the in- difference with which sha had passed over one little plant when she was soliciting such solemn promises from the more distinguished individuals of the vegetable kingdom. Loake naturally enough inquired the name of the plant in question, and having learned that it was a feeble shoot growing on the bark of the oak, he treacherously ran and procured the mistletoe, from which he formed an arrow as well as he could. Thereupon, entering the assembly of the gods, he endea- voured to induce the blind Heda to shoot tfae fatal weapon in the direction in which Balder stood. Heda consented, and Balder fell pierced and slain in accordance with the presage of his dream. The custom of stealing a kiss from the lass who is caught under it has done more, how- ever, to make the mistlotoe a favourite than all the legends that ever were recited. Whilst on this subject, I may mention that the other plants most used for Christmas decoration are holly, bay, rosemary, laurel and ivy, and sometimoa cypress. In Oxford- shire a strange usage prevails with regard to one at least of the evergreens here enume- rated. It is the duty of a man-servant in every large house to fetch the ivy required for the occasion. If he neglects to do so, the penalty infliotod is the greatest which female ingenuity can invent at such a merry season. The maids not only steal a pair of his breeches and nail them to the gate of the yard, but, worse still, he is deprived of the customary privileges of the mistletoe, a penalty which it is horrible to contemplate if any of the female " slaveys" had been previously disturbing the tranquility of John Thomas's impressionable heart. These em- bellishments should on no acoount be kept up after Candlemas Day (the 2nd February). The yulo-log, which also, like the mistle- toe, is an indubitable relic of pagan times, is an enormous block of timber, generally the stump of a largo tree, which forms the Christmas fire, and which, were it only for its pleasant music as it blazes and crackles in the frosty night, must remain for ever an item in the programme of an Euglish Christmas. It is customary in some parts of England still to have tha yule-log drawn in triumph from the woods, and as it passes along, accompanied by the strains of merry music, each wayfarer raises his hat to the huge child of the forest that is chosen for 30 sacred a purpose. The reason of this act of reverence is to be found in the fact that the dame of the Christmas block, has a peculiar efficacy to burn out old wrongs and heart- burnings, and the liquor which it causes to bubble in the wassail-bowl is quaffed not rarely to the drowning of ancient feuds and animosities. When the log is placed in the kitchen a yule-song is sung by some one standing upon it. It is then put upon the hearth in the midst of many curious and cabalistic proceedings, and fire set to it with a lighted remnant of last year's log which has been carefully preserved for the purpose. It used to be regarded as a sign of very bad luck if a bare-footed person, one who squinted, or a flat-footed woman, entered the house while it was burning. An accom- paniment of the yule-log, that should not be omitted from any notice of Christmas cus- toms, was the Christmas candle, of monstrous size, which was formerly used in England, and still in Ireland, sheds its light on the festive boards. The mummers, or, as they are styled in Scotland; guisers or guizards, who occupied a prominent placo in the Christmas revel of olden times, are also, if not of pagan, at least of very, ancient origin. There is no doubt but mumming was customary in Pagan Rome, and the name shows it was not unknown to the Danes ; but it is probable that the peculiar development of mummeries which took root in England, and which we associate with the name of Christmas, must be content to boast of a Norman descent. The mummars used to wear strange masks over their faces, and were dressed in the most exaggerated and fantastic costumes. In this way they went from place to place with mneie and flags, jumping and gamboling, and otherwise in dulging in the most extravagant drollery that the crowds who followed them could wish to see. Stow deacribes a remarkable mummery in 1377, mado by the citizens of London for the disport of tha young Prince Richard, son to ths Black Prince. These maskers entered the palace-hall, where they feasted and danced with the Prince aad lords. The grand and special performance of the mummers was the representation of a species of drama founded on the time-honoured legend of St. George and the Dragon. Lads dressed in appropriate costumes, amongst which Turkish turbans and pasteboard caps, white trousers and coloured ribbons, are most oonspicuous, sally forth, and at every hospitable house in the neighbourhood claim the privilege usually accorded them of the admission of St. George and his "merry men." Henry VIII., who demolished so many venerable institutions, issued an or- dinance against mummerios ; but the mum- mers are even to be heard of still in some of the remoter districts of England. In former times it was the custom, not only at court, but in the house of every nobleman "of honour or good worship," to appoint an officer who, under the title of the Lord of Misrole, took upon himself the direction of the sports ; and some idea of the license of his reign may be gleaned from the manner in which he entered on his duties. This he did by announcing to his temporary subjects that he absolved them of all their wisdom, and that they were to be just wise enongh to make fools of themselves, and no more. This functionary was also in some cases styled the "Abbot of Unreason" and the "Master of Merry Disports." But under whatever name he was known he was the high-priest of fun and folly for the nonce. Wonderful things are told of the Christmas fore which belongs to the olden days. Amongst the dishes peculiar to the season, the boar's head seems to have bean held in highest honour. Heralded by the sound of trumpets, it was carried on lordly diah into the bauqueting hall at the head of a noble procession, who sang as they advanced Caput Apri drfero RiJdan laudr.t Domino Thn bonr'fl hi'nd in hand bring I With garinndd Kny and rosemary; I prny you nil sinp inorrily Qidi t'J/is in coitricio. Next in importance to the brawner's bead came the peacock, which was generally served in a pie, at one end o£ *rhich the painted plumage of hiB head and neck was seen protruding from the crust, and on the other gorgeous brilliancy of his outspread tail. Geese, capons, pheasants drenched with amber-grease, carps' tongues, and the national dish, furmante or frumety, formed the humbler viaudB of the occasion, and mince pies found also a place amougst the peculiar edibles of tho ancient Christina*). The Puritans did much to deprive us of most of these aucient gastronomic customs, from some inexplicable oonuection which they imagined to exist between them and the old religion, against which they waged such un relenting war. Talking of the Puritans, it may be well to add that, at the Reformation, the Lutheran and Anglican churches retained the celebration of Christmas and other festi vals, but the Calviniste rejected them, abso lutely denouncing the observance of ail such days, except Sunday, as superstitious and unscriptural. To show their contempt of the "halie dayea" observed by the English, we are told that the Scotch ministers caused their wives and servants to spin ia the open air upon Christmas-day, and the .Lowlanders 1 hare ever einoe persisted la slighting the fefltival of Christmas, and have transferred all their mirth and jollity to Now Year's Day. Amongst all the venerable and cherished usages ?which hard come down to us, there la none perhaps more charming,, rnoro touching in its swpet and simple poetry than the practice of singing Christmas carols to celebrate the nativity of the Saviour. Few things oan be more pie.-using than to meet a party of children trudging through the vil lage. street, and making, the morning air resound with their clear shrill voices, as they saints the return of another Christmas in the grateful or jubilant language of their unpre tentious ditties. It is not, however, in the streets only, 'that carols are to be. heard ; sometimes every member of the family is expected to sing aj carol or to pay a fine in oose of failure-something like a practical exemplification of "No song, no supper;" aii'd in ancient times it appears that servants of great houses prided themselves on their iikill in oarolmg. . , " Akin to the carol singers are the wails. Those are compaoies of strolling musicians, who, at tho approach of Christmas, wander about the streets during the night, and play Miy tunes which may happen to be popular at the time. At one time the name of waits was given to bauds of minstrels attached to the court; afterwards to glecmen who strolled about from one festiv.u or tournament to another. Since then they have been civic servants, known under the title of "Lord Mayor's music-men," whoBe duty it was to guard the ntreota at night and proclaim the hour, but now they are free aerenadera, "whom nobody owns," whose notes may be none of the moat harmonious, and whose time may be rather indifferently kept, but who are not the less welcome on that account. Their cracked trombones and squeaking vio lins are surrounded with such pleasant a«fjo ciations, and they seem to signify so plainly the good wishes of the poor midnight artists, that no genuine lover of Christmas could find it in hin heart to bo critical upon thoir strains. It is no wonder, then, if the waits are liberally rewarded when they call soon after Christmas at the houuos of the inhabitants for their customary donations. Pantomime, which is now so peculiarly associated with Christmas, may, like all other thing* connected with the ancient fes tival, lay claim to a very distant origin, hav ing been invented by no less a personage than the Roman emperor, Augustus. It must be confessed, however, that the butter slide and the red-hot poker are of a later date, and the first trace of harlequin u to be found in a tragedy which did not appear till after the revival of the drama in the fifteenth oentury. Pantomime, as we know it, was first introduced into England by Mr. Rick, the famous manager oi Covent Garden, the ;m;vn*gcr whose name in bo inseparably linked with the "Beggar's Opera," of which it was said that it made Bich gay, and Gay rich. Late, however, comparatively speaking, as ithaB comoamongot us, pantomime baa token a place-in the English Cfariebmaa which it is not likely to lose lor many a year to come. The games which are oomtnon in England at this season are so old that no one seems to know whence they are derived. Blind man's buff, pusa in the corner, Bnapdragon, and the game of quootions and command?, are perhaps, the most popular. It will, no doubt, be necessary to allude more particu larly only to the last two. In the game of questions and commands, the commander may oblige his subject* to answer any lawful question and make them obey him instantly under the penalty of having their faces blackened, or any other forfeit which he may think fit to impose. In snapdragon a quan tity, of raisins are placed in a bowl, and brandy or Bome. other liquor is poured over them and ignited; the bystanders then en deavour to seize a raisin from the flames, and as this requires some oou rage, and is often attempted with considerable awkwardness, the proceedings are generally attended with a good deal of hilarity. Story-telling is often a favourite amuse ment of Christmas times. And what won derful stories ! stories of fairies, iirat of all, in which lvt have the pigmies of old riding on rain-liriok ; troldes of the north, the dwarfs of the romancers, the Daioneshee of the Highlands, tho Banshees, the Phookas and the Shefros of Ireland, the Male*, the Oberons, the Titanias. And let it not in thought that fairy.tales are without their moral. Tho examples of these dapper elves has done much more than people think, per haps, to mako men more cheerful and maids more happy. They are the first regular society on record for the promotion and encouragement of neatness, cleanliness and good housewifery. They were besides, the original improvers of dairy produce, and they were bankers who lent on terms which it would bo now rather difficult to procure. 3?nt thoy am all gone, and wo may ring with jolly Dick Corbott: Farewell rcr/anl- nn-1 fiiirie?, Good hftiirctvifcH now m«y r'&y; ; For now foul sluts in dairies Deo fjuw jm rroU a* they. And though they nweep th«ir hoarthd no lc^e Th;m maid* wrro wont to doc, Yet who of lata for cleanliness Finds isixponcc in her ehoe ? Ghost stories are also in much request at Chriatma*, aud told, .n they generally are, in the later hours of the evening, when the dying tire sheds ita lurid glare but half across . the floor, and the midnight hoar ie approach ing, and the walls are enveloped in shadow, and peopled with the creatures of the imagi nation, the terror with which they inspire | the youthful mind is never wholly to be for gotten in after life. All Christmas tale*, however, are not of I the supernatural kind. You may also on these occasions hear wondrous accounts Of hall* and chaml/wra rich iuid rnre, Of valorous laiightd uud ladies fair And of all the daring feata from those of Jack the Giant-killer to those o£ the Cam poador who fought against the Saracens, from the deeds of British prowess to the high and wild warfare that for centurica made the rivers run with mingled Castiliau and Moorish blood. Of charades, the fashionable drawing-room amusement, which has of late years been in troduced, I need say nothing-they are suffi ciently well known to my readers. These, with song, and dance,, and joke, and riddle, generally make up the whole round of enjoy ments between the intervals of feasting at this happy time. ' Chrietmaa-boxes and New Year's gifta need no explanation either. The youth of Aus tralia, and tha. postmen, and others, have .-i1 ready discovered the meaning of those pleasant attendant}) on the season. Twelfth Night, festival of confectionery which shines more brightly on the infant fancy than the mines of Eldorado, is the last of the Christmas holidays, and is one of the merriest of them all. At the very mention of the name what spires of barley-sugar, what pavements of pancakes, expand before the mind's eyo of the juvenile ; what a world of queen-cakes and puffs and lozauges open to his mental gaze, becoming to liim what America w is to Sir Walter Haleigh-a fairy land, an Atalantis, Utopia, the tttmiaum bointm of liisi ideal bliss. The snowy surface of the twelfth cake (grander to his thinking i.hau Him1:, chain) presents to him a Held of eh«jiK-:'j i .lad opulent delight, that dazzles the s'juses.audconverts his fauey into a magic lantern, reflecting a long succession of sweet and luscious magnificence. The peculiar custom of the night, however, is that by which a king and queen are chosen. That " vision of delight," tho twelfth cake just mentioned, contains a pea and a bean mixed with its more toothsome ingredients, and, when tho slices are distributed amongst the assembled party, whoever has the pea is the queen, and who ever hiui the bean is the king, for the night. There are many superstitions connected with Christmas besides those on which I have already touched, but there is only one more to which I think necessary to allude. It is that which makes it peculiarly lucky when Christmas day falls on a Sunday and the reverse when it occurs on a Saturday. Amongst other blessings which a Sunday Christmas was supposed to bring was a sing ular good fortune for the child who should be borne on that day. What oiijHc th.it dr.7 home be, k gsoat lord he shall bo. On the eoatna-y, if the anniversary happened to be on a S;Uurday Whai Tvonirr* tbs.t Hare of rhvlfir trr.vayle, Tr.oj nhiiil Jw bornu in grcto [H-rellc, The intermediate days are for the most characterised hyanot unpleasant uniformity of propitious augury ; so that, aa the present Christma.s falls on one of these, my readers need have no fear that any misfortunes are awaiting thetnin the coming year. In Sootland, as I have alretudy said, the festivities which in the r.!*t of the British Isles cluster around Christmas are transferre 1 to the end of th* your, which period is styled Hogmanay in the " Land-u- CnkeB." In the Scotch festival the moat peculiar feature i* that of carrying the kettle of warm spiced ale round to the houses of one's friends, and by this means giving and receiving in turn the pleasures which are so characteristic of that hospitable race. ' Iu Ireland I know of no customs different from the English ones except that of wren hunting, which kikes place in the juitfc'.-rn prorince on St. Stephen's clay. The vren :'s su«peuded to a holly- bush, ado:nud with rrbbons, and the wren-haiiters, accoutred in any grotesque paraphernalia on which they can lav hatule. go about collecting moucy and singing a doggrel rhyme which bu.'ins with the following Kit of blarney : 1 know your ?.ononr i? a vor:iy .car:, Ami fyi >our 'vi-ji'i.' 1'tc bro'.i&'it !iv- nr- . In Germany the Christmas-tree, which has been partially introduced into England since the marriage of Queen Yicton.1. with Prince Albert, is the chief peculiarity. There is also another custom in the Vaterl .1..,: which may be considered worthy of notice. Kek» o going to uleep the children ban;: up their -stockings at the foot of the l>etS to hs tilltX I by a personage bea-iiug the name- i.j tvasb I kinkle, who is supposed to descend the | chimney with gifts for all youngs?, who have conducted thotsselves well uv.nng tho year. If, however, any one liaa beee. naughty, lie tiuds a birch rod iiiBtead of sweetmeats in the stocking. On the festival of the New Year troops of students meet to aereuad© their preceptors and their mistresses, tho Burchen aong is sung in the streets, the " Proest Neu .Tahr " is loud on every tougue, and bustle and riotous viv;its are he.^-d f: jtn. early morning until noan. In Switzerland the New Year is greeted with horns blown upon the mountains. In Italy the Cape of Auno is a day of joy in every home, and a beautiful custom prevails amongst the servanta of presenting flowers to their masters during dinner. In America they have their old Santa Claus; and in France the jour de ian is the gayest and most delightful day in the whole three hun- dred and sixty-five. In Home, where tho religious celebr .iiona of the festival are of the most imigniiiojat description that has ever yet been devised, the domestic festivities are by 110 me.:us neglected, and the sweot tones of guitar .md harp ring softly through many a pr.lace hall, turning the heart into harmony witi. liie '.peace unto men" lir.st chanted by augd voices. [11 Franco too, where Christm:.* L.'.s received the name of Noel, which is con sidered to be a contraction of " Emaiv.-.el (" God with us' J, this festival does not pasa by, cvon in home-life, as an ordinary uay. There is aluo the Imchc de. Noi-L or Christmas lop, which is placed on the hearth by tiio eldest daughter of tho family; there ,.re j Christmas presents left in the children'* i shoes, in recompense for bright and wel.V swept hearths; and there avo Christ:::, carols as touching and as- pretty as the btsi of our English ones. JJefore 1 conclude I must mention one- cus tom move which it would be unpardonable to omit: it is that of almsgiving, which is 0110 of the holiest atid most beautiful of Whatever may be thought of the other Christmas customs of our ancestors, this is one at least which wo should have no hesita tion to adopt. Though the chavi*V of a'.iea is less frequently solicited in any of the-:o colonies than iu the over-crowded centres population in Europe, yet there are few wb> even here do not know some one to wh.-rn v triile delicately given would be a boou ;.!. tlii« festive season. Of those to whoei Christmas is in reality a time of rejoicing, i; is not too much to ask that they would do something towards brightening, even for a moment, the weary existence of those for whom rejoicing has long become bu: .. name. Oh bay with alms-riecrtr-liny with pleatco'.^gii" - Yc rich, the rare hi'r'li pri Oil! the Chn-ii:in usury ot receiving ' . for liIcKin^" given. JHE &SCHKISTMAS; WELCOME 