CHARLEVILLE. [FROM OUR OWN l.-'HIIIEKl'OSIIKNT.l 1 niMMKNCK with what foreigners say is the almost only topic of an I'Jnglislimau's conversation— the weather; though I am not going to claim au Englishman's privilege aud growl, for, in the Hrst lilaoc, I have no thing to growl abnut, and if I had, it would lie useless to growl. To be sure I might growl at having nothing to growl alimit, and at the UBclessness of grtiwlinir lit having no thing to growl almut. luit I will magnani mously fiirtiKo my privilege. For the last week tlie weather has been very variable, or rather for the lust fortnight. On Monday, 1 2th, we had occasional uhuwcrs during the night and morning, and at uuou it srt in a witday; it also raiued slightly during the following night till 8 a.m. ; Wednesday, 14th, line ; Thursday, dull again ; and so ,.n, but mild all the time. On Monday, 10th, we had a sharp hoar-frost, which blackened the pumpkin vines, which had lieen growing t luxuriantly up to that time. They were, of course, tho produce of old seed, sown last Septeinlwr, but which had not previously appeared on account of the long drought anil intense heat. We have had more dull days, and occasionally bright ones, but all cold, as there has been a southerly and south-easterly wind blowing. This morning we hail again a white frost. The country is nevertheless | looking beautiful, i hough the splendid green I appearance is chiefly owing to the growth of I what is called ' hurliage,' in distinction to ' grass' properly bo tailed. Sheep, cattle, and horses are greatly improving ; in fact, as Mr. Weller oliserved of a lady at the Brick Lane Temperance Society's tea fight, ' they are wisibly swelling before my eyes.' Mr. Buckucss, of Mount Morris, has sold 0000 sheep to Mr. Hill, and is about to sell the remainder, I understand, consisting of about COOU more, to two gentlemen from Melbourne, who intend to establish them selves iu this western district, ami are in correspondence with Mr. Williams, of Anibi thulla, for the purchase of that station, with the Btock, &c.; I understand abnut 200 fat cattle will leave Oakwund for Dalby after shearing ; and another 201) in the spring, if the prices realised for the first lot arc suffi eieutly remunerative to encourage a second venture ; if not, they will lie i-ent elsewhere, according to the ruling of the markets. At the Police Court, the only case of any interest that has recently occurred is the nringuig up ot a constable, who, from his at tenuated appearance, ami his indulging in Xiictc* (tlifw/ue) A mlroiiaiin; is popularly supposed to be the ghost of the late Pro fessor Wilson, better known as the ' Chris topher North' of Blackwood's Magazine. Tbe constable was charged, before the P M Mr. Thornton, Mr. Walters, and Mr. Skin nor, J.l'.'s, witb 'calling spirits Irom the vasty deep,'1 and which, it seems, appeared at his e:ill— and paying for them— and then as quickly disappeared by some necromantic art, till he became the victim of misplaced cmliiUiicv, and, like Frankenstein, was haunted liy the inon=ter of his own creation, and hunted into tin.- Police Court, lined i-Ji), and buuud ovur, in his own recognisances of i'40 more, to avoid evil spirits for three months to come. Yoa, a stouter, bolder drinker— one thai loved hit. li'iuormnre— I Never yctdid I encounter than our fricn 1 u-kmthe floor. Yet tho l«»t of us are mortal j we t.) wcukiicH- all are heir. He has fall'o who rarely staggered ; let t!ic resi of us beware ! We shall leave him where we found him, lvui ' wLpro liif manhood fell, 'Hong the trophies of the rovel, for he took hit tipple A school inspector, with whose name I am not acquainted, has paid Charleville a visit, and confirmed the appointment of Mr. Knight as schoolmaster, as he was sure to do upon the recommendation of his weighty backers. We wish the inhabitants joy of such ab ac- quisition, obtained at such a price— the sacrifice of uprightness, integrity, and manly straightforward dealing — and sincerely hope the children will profit by the example of such a highly recommended teacher. I am exceedingly sorry to have to do ie this letter by informing you that Air. Matthew Miles, late overseer of Mr. Flooc'.'a station, mot with a fatal accident ou .Suuduy, the 18th, it is supposed, but there was no witness. He was fonnd by Mr. Flood within a quarter of a mile of the huad station »u Monday. His horse, with its saddle aud bridle, hail come to the slatioa a few hours before; but, as horses so often escape when tied up or loft standing, no uneasiness was felt. Shortly after this, however, a man fr»m sonw travelling sheep, whioh were passing through the run from Bureuda, came to say th»t they had boxed. Mr. Flii.id askod if tbe overseer was not with them ; the man replied they had not «uvu hi u. Mr. Mood at ouce proceeded to mako inquiries, dispatching; two men, aud starting himself in searuh witfi his usual promptitude. He n.td proceeded but a short way, wheu he fou.nl the poor fellow's corpse with the fruut u:irt ot tue head smashed in ; be had evidantly been dashed against a tree and mot with instant death, as be was lying with his fingers extended, and without the s guB of a struggle. Be was niuoh liked, and respected -y all who knew him. ?' May bis soul rest in peace.' June 24. 