see £]#hm» Conting stralia MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1876. THE accounts of the distress prevailing at New Lambton are painful enough to excite the sympathy of the public with the real sufferers the wives and children of the miners who have so long obtained but scanty employment. We have no desire to say a word to lessen that sympathy or to interfere with the expression of it in the form of such relief as may be necessary to prevent starva- tion, to the verge of which it appears privation has approached in some cases. But the best and most permanent form of relief would be afforded if the miners themselves could be relieved of the delusions under which they are, and have been labouring. The slackness of employment at the New Lambton Colliery may have been traceable to special causes. The owner- ship of the mine has been the subject of litigation. But if coal mining enterprise in the Newcastle district had been in a healthy and progressive condition, the interruption of work at one colliery would not have brought about such results as those now witnessed. The depth of the distress at New Lambton indicates that the coal trade generally is in an unsatisfactory state and other facts point to the same conclusion The foreign trade is falling off, and employment is slack through the want of orders. Why is this The miners of Newcastle, and the coal owners who appear to be virtually under their dictation, have been acting as if they had the power to regulate the price of coal in foreign markets. They have, of course, the power to regulate the selling price in their own market, just as any draper in George-street has the power to resolve that he will not sell any calico for less than twenty shillings a yard. But the power to refuse to sell under a fixed price is one thing, and the power to effect sales at that price is another, except where the seller has the monopoly of an article that cannot be dispensed with. In all other cases the ideas and the interests of the purchaser must enter into the calculation if business is to be done. The hypothetical draper would find that whilst he held to his Axed price, in excess of the market value of the article, people would either do without calico, or buy it from others who would sell at a lower rate. And so it is with the Newcastle foreign coal trade. When the miners and coal-owners of England forced up prices to an unnatural level, customers in Eastern markets to which Newcastle coal had easy access found it to their interest to trade with Newcastle, and it was quite possible for a time and within certain limits to raise the selling price at Newcastle, and yet give Newcastle coal the advantage in the competition. But upon precisely the same principles the Newcastle trade must suffer if the selling price at Newcastle is kept up to an unnatural standard, after the fall of prices in England has given English coal the advantage. The fact is that the Newcastle miners, and the coal-owners acting under their influence, are undermining the Australian foreign coal trade and much as we sympathise with the women and children, who are the innocent victims of a false theory, it is less to be regretted that the men themselves should have a sharp lesson on their folly, and be taught the falsity of their reasoning by the logic of facts. If they would only learn aright the lesson which those facts should teach them, they might derive real profit from painful experience. They might take a course for the future that would restore the trade to a healthy, vigorous, and progressive state, and strengthen the position of Australian coal in markets from which in a few years time it can hardly fail to be driven away entirely, if the present policy of " reckoning without the host " be persevered in. The condition of the, miners in the Newcastle district may be improved in two ways. At present, it appears, there are more miners in the district than the colliery business can employ fully. The alternative courses are to increase the business, or to diminish the number of the men. We have indicated the way in which the business might be increased, and employment might be found for the miners who are in want of it. Let it be made known throughout the markets where Australian coal could compete with English coal successfully, that our coal owners are prepared to do business on business principles, and let the miners back the owners up heartily in carrying that policy into effect. If we can under- sell the English producer in Eastern markets, whilst pocinitig a reasonable margin of profit for the capital at here, and fair wages for the miner who does a fair week's work, orders will pour in, and the ocean-going shipping list will regain its former proportions. But if the miners are unwilling to sanction such a policy ; if rluw prefer the maintenance of an artificial selling price that is destructive of the power to sell ; if they would rather work for three days in the week, and amuse themselves the rest of the time, than submit to the drudgery of working steadily all the week round and if they are willing to risk the infliction of permanent injury upon the trade rather than accept wages and a system of work incompatible with the indulgence of these preferences, then they should settle amongst themselves who are to stay about the mines, and who are to go elsewhere. For in the nature of the case, with a declining trade, they cannot all expect to carry out their theory to their own satisfaction. And it is a fortunate thing for thom-or they would do well to so esteem it-that employment is to be had in other parts of the colony if they will but seek it. We still see from time to time complaints of the scarcity of labour in the interior. And as soon as the new extensions of railways, for which the money was voted last session, are taken in hand, the demand for labour will be increased considerably. Coal miners are not the class of men who should remain in idleness when manual labour of the rougher kind is in urgent request. They are surely not to be looked upon as men who have not physical strength and endurance enough for employment of that sort. If the miners of the Newcastle district are willing to draft off their surplus men to other fields of labour, to which, no doubt, the Government would give them means of access, they will obtain sympathy, and perhaps help, from the public. But i they will hardly do so until they have taken steps to disabuse the public mind of the impression that they are fighting to the death in defence of a theory, and unwilling to weaken their position by taking the first employment of any kind that offers ' itself. We repeat that we have no desire to counteract the feeling of sympathy which the reports of the distress at New Lambton are naturally adapted to excite. Our wish is that the true meaning of the crisis may not be missed. In the presence of real want, humanity will not ignore claims for help because appearances may suggest the expediency of inquiry. But the truest and most valuable kind of help may be that which points out and strikes at the root of the calamity whilst seeking to mitigate its painful consequences. TriK idea of an agricultural school and model farm which the Agricultural Society of New South Wales proposes to carry out is unquestionably a good and a necessary one. This Society is now in possession of a grant of about 130 acres of land at Parramatta, and we learn that the grant is to be used for the purposes of teaching the theory and practice of agriculture. The necessity for some practical scheme of this kind must be evident to all who have turned their attention either to the general question of industrial education or to that phase of it which refers to agriculture. In a letter of Mr. Julhs.Touhert, which we published the other day, we were told that we want some system of education that is " more in consonance with the demands of practical life, less literary and more useful." Mr. JouBKRr thinks that the idea is " by far too prevalent that education and scientific attainments are not for the farm, but are more appropriate to the pulpit, the Bar, or the dissecting room. When we send our children to school we rejoice too much at the idea that we are helping them to escape the farm or the workshop. Children themselves even those born and reared in the interior of the country lovel at the idea that they will get their living easier and more agreeably in our large centres of population as bankers, merchants' clerks, Civil servants, indeed anything rather than cultivating the soil and rearing stock. There is, doubtless, a great deal of truth in this. Whatever may be said about rearing Ptoclc, it is quite correct to say that agricultural pursuits offer fewer attractions, and have fewer followers, than purely clerical and mental pursuits and it may be correct to say that this is due partly to the little attention paid to industrial education. We should be sorry to see less importance attached to literary education than is now attached to it. The arguments for a purely utilitarian system of culture are not strengthened by an attempt to disparage the ideas that are usually embodied in our modern systems of primary education. There is also a great deal to account for the smallness of the attention paid to agriculture, besides the absence of agricultural schools and model farms. The best of formers have been found to outgrow this class of pursuits as well as the worst, and much of the indisposition to adopt an agricultural walk in life is attributable simply to the fact that there are other things which are less troublesome and more remunerative. It is true, however, that modern devotion to the literary side of primary education has done a good deal of incidental damage to the industrial side, and, in addition to this, our prevailing systems for securing general culture have not tended to further the cause of specific training. It is a hopeful sign therefore that there are projects being started in various quarters for the purposes of applying scientific principles to the practical industries of life. It is to the interest of the whole community that such prospects should succeed. It must not be forgotten, however, that to achieve real and permanent success in this line, especially in relation to agriculture, is one of the most difficult of things. It has been suggested that the boys of the Vernon should be transferred to the model [ farm at Parramatta, to work out this experi- ment. This would be an excellent thing for the boys of the Vernon. But it would make the model farm a semi-penal establishment to begin with, and it would help to perpetuate the notion that industrial education is a good thing especially for the unfortunate classes of society. We are glad that the idea of an Agricultural School is being seriously entertained, and we shall be still more glad if the idea is carried out with any degree of general and permanent success. It is satisfactory to find that the subject of training schools for mechanical and agricultural purposes is being discussed outside of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales. At a meeting of the Engineering Association held on Thursday evening last, a resolution was passed affirming the necessity of some further provision for advancing the" engineering, building, mining, manufacturing, and agricultural industries of the colony, and urging the expediency of having some scheme for practical education in connection with our systems of public instruction. We are convinced that if much is to be done in this line the Government and the country as a whole will have to take the matter up. The population of these colonies is too small to be depended upon for the carrying out of any great voluntary scheme in the interest of practical education, and experience has shown that schemes of education can be worked most efficiently and most successfully when farthest removed from merely personal and pi i vat o ends. "The effect of growing intelligence and knowledge in improving our methods of in- dustry- it. was stated in the Centennial address to the American Institute of Mining Engineers the other day would come short, of some great ends if it operated only through the self- interest of the individual. Many reforms are beyond the power of the individual, some are not even to his interest.'' What may not be done by individual enterprise may sometimes be done by a powerful association, and in this colony we have had in the department of agriculture at least some of the best evidences of this. It is vain, however, to expect any great modification of our educational theories or any considerable advancement in our educational work until these matters get a larger field on Parliament, and of this there is "no very encouraging prospect at present. The science of education in its most general aspect is not one of those which greatly trouble many of the men who control public movements in the colonies, and the science of practical education has been a matter of smaller public concern in Great Britain and the colonies than in a great many other countries. One of the first things which the Great Exhibition of 1 Sol brought to light was that, both in the ornamental and practical arts, England was far behind her Continental neighbours. In these branches of public education much progress has been made since last. But even now mechanical and industrial training has far less importance attached to it in England than on the Continent of Europe, and even in America and in moulding schemes of public instruction the colonies have followed the English rather than the Continental or the American models. There are educationists who not only fail to see that mechanical and literary training should work together in any complete system of public instruction, but who hold that public education is vulgarised by too intimate a contact with the practical industries of life. Nearly all the great countries which are aiming to solve the problem of education have a very different idea. A. week or two ago we described some of the (systems of technical education on the Continent of Europe. The American Centennial has shown how rapidly this branch of public education has grown in the United States. "The number of technical schools," says the Hon. Abram S. Hewitt in the address already referred to, "has rapidly increased during the last ten years, and I venture to say that many of them compare favourably in theoretic instruction at least, and several of them in the apparatus of instruction, with the famous schools of the old world. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology at Boston, the School of Mines of Columbia College at New York, the Sheffield Scientific School of Yale College at New Haven, the Stevens' Institute of Technology at Hoboken, the Pardee Scientific Department of fayette College at Easton, the now scientific department of the College of New Jersey, the School of Mining and Metallurgy of Lehigh University, the School of Mining and Practical Geology at Harvard, the scientific department of the University of Pennsylvania, the School of Mines of Michigan University, the Mission School of Mines and Metallurgy, the Polytechnic Department of Washington University, and the similar department of the University of California this is a list of schools for instruction in the sciences is involved in mining and metallurgical practice, of which we need not be ashamed." The soundness of this judgment will be endorsed by all those who hold that public education should be practical as well as theoretical, and useful as well as ornamental. The- list of American institutions we have quoted indicates one of the directions which every complete system of education must now call). The industrial branch of public instruction is one which Parliament must take up so toner or later. The matter will involve diiriiuulties, but none which may not be mastered by energy and intelligence. I am Political-In the summary which we published on Saturday, the political article was by an oversight not brought up to date. Since the departure of the steamer City of New York several circumstances have transpired to give a new interest to politics. The opening of Parliament, the date of which had not then been announced, has been fixed for the 12th December. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, whom we announced as about to leave Sydney on a tour through the Southern and South- western districts, left the city on Wednesday last. accompanied by the Hon. Lady Robinson, Miss Robinson, the Hon. Hely Hutchinson, private secretary, and the Hon. John Lackey, Minister for Works. His Excellency, who had not visited this part of the colony before, has been cordially welcomed. The fact of the Governor ma iii!!,' a tour to Melbourne at this period of the year, and the delay in the opening of Parliament until a time unprecedented in our political history, are causing considerable comment in political circles. It is seen that there is no chance now of performing, before the end of December, the principal business Proper to the year, and that many matters which mess for speedy settlement must be indefinitely i delayed. It is not at all unlikely, under these circumstances, that when Parliament meets, instead of proceeding to the dispatch of business, the Assembly will become involved in a trial of party strength. Supbrmk Co cut Master's Office, this day, at 11 a.m.: Attorney-General and others v. the Mayor and others, adjourned plaintiff's evidence. Visit of the Prbmesr to B koa.-We learn that the Hon. J. Robertson, Colonial Secretary, Mr Dalley, Attorney-General, and Mr. T Garrett. Minister for Lands, in response to an invitation of long standing, intestate pay a visit to Bega, in the late" Bay district, and will start for that locality on the 12th November next. Church of St. Simon and St. eruption Saturday afternoon the foundation-stone of a new church, in Campbell street, Surry Hills, was laid by the Hilltop of Sydney), in the presence of a large con- course of spectators Among the clergy men present "were the Revs Canon Stephen, Canon It S knur G. H. Moreton, Dr Hair's, J H Nangle), FIA InnD'lcj, 1 li" In sr, and Stone, Howard The usual "sea ice was performed by the bishop of Sydney and the Rev. G. H. Moreton Curious II s Kane T H I angles,, and li A I angles and appro mine humus were sun, A bottle cou! lining the latest issues of the syren L Wontner 11 1 M and PiotnlniU Vaudan! was bombed led in a suit under the stone and there was also placed with them an address to the follow- 11 " elicit - In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Hob Oh ist the foundation stone of St Firmin a and St Jude's Church, as is laid in the Right Rev Ldcrick Barker, ]) Hi nth Bishop of S wine) and Metropolitan on tncMhOc toiler 1876 being the 10th year of the reign of her M stOnaous Majesty Queen Victoria His 1 Excellency, Sir Hercules is R. Robinson K C M G Governor of the colony of New South Wales Rev I I) I angles., 11 members of St Davids parish Building Committee ( inclined Bennett, Thomas Henry Dodds (treasurer), John Salisbury (secretary), Timothy Thomas O D0111u.ll, Thomas Gnlhtlis Arcnite t, Albert Bond Contractors Gc iron Crispin and Son A handsome silver trowel and mallet of myall wood, manufactured by Messrs Birch, Hr thers, of Hunter street, were handed to the Bishop who proceeded to lay the stone mill the usual formalities saying -"I lay this as the corner foundation stone of a church to be dedicated to the serace of Almighty God as the Church of M sham and it Tuck in the name of the builder of the Son and of the Holy, Ghost, The Bishop then said that on a Saturday afternoon in Aja, is the first stone of St Pauls Church, Surry Hills was 1 ltd In a short time it was com- dicted, and the Rev Mr Brennan ministered therein But it p ease God to remove their dear brother out of the miseries of this sinful world, and to desire him to Himself but his work in Ibid herewith them and pr acceding to this day But he who at the head of all work finds some one to take fireplace of those whom he pleases to translate from earthly labour to the heavenly race, and thanked God that the mantle other departed friend had fill upon it be worthy to wear it-the Rev J D Langley "' hoped that a double portion of that de voted point would rest! upon him 111 carrying out the work of extending the ministrations of the Gospel into that densely populate port of his parish The b olding of st Daniel she remembered was reevïdelba entire as rather adventurous but it had proved complot! 19 successful The building of M Simon and M Rule s might be regarded by some as even more adventurous., but he regarded it is an era \useundertaknm He blessed and that this spirit had animated their dear brother, and the Rev Canon Hulton king who had engaged in this work with 1 all thehberaht* and earnestness of his character He believed this had Ten begun with a real desire to see an invasion into the regions of darkness and irreligious to carry the Gospel of Christ into 1 portion of the Elliston said that had not Mr received it when he left would be a successful Like all vi orons war theirs was a war of aggression , the did not merely s and on the defensive They desired to carry the Gospel where it was needed, and that district had hitherto been somewhat neglected by) all denominations except one. It was by error. of this kind that the Church of England 1 indicated its clat u to be acknowledged as a national Church-not an e tablished Church-not n Church is held by leant authority and power but a Church extending is ministrations wherever the people were in need of them and were willing to receive them answers ideal of the Church of England, and they accepted the responsibility The) rejoiced in the history of the Church at home, and they were prepared to do their utmost to carry out that ideal in every portion of this colony He thought that in the city of Sydney a great deal had been done to 1 realise that ideal Take for instance the Cathedral never far from where they were, and there they would till o'er POO attains free Lien one was free to enter there and worship God and sing his come and hear his Word Take also another large church on the other side of Sydney-st Peters, Woolloomooloo and St Barnabas, Parramatta- street and the would find them free, and open to all And now the pastor of this district felt that it was im- possible for the church of St David to supply the wants of that district, and therefore had been fired upon the present work, ninth he who ed and believed would be perfectly successful He trusd time the contributions find upon the stone that day would be very large mail a en liberal They met upon ayers happy occasion- the day dedicated to St Simon and St Jude and he could add 3 of better nor more beautiful petition than that which had been already offered in th colle t for that day he hoped that the same zeal which had initiated the work would can it onto completion, and that it would bring forth those blessed fruits which he! has ever assigned to faithful ministrations of his W rd He had the utmost pleasure and the greatest confidence in assisting 111 that service and trusted that their friend, Mr Langley, who undertook this great responsibility-for upon him much of the labour of obtaining the necessary means would fill-would succeed, and he prayed 'that God might sustain him in this and every yard of his work and that they might ill be spared before her loneliness in that completed building, and pray that God for whose blessing upon the w oak they had that day played God grant this, for the sake of his tened on The benediction was then pronounced by the BisliO), alter as Inch contributions as are had upon the stone amounting to £11 a 6s 5d after which the proceedings terminated The church will have a tower and porch on the Campbell street fat ade also side entrance fiotuLast . net assets trains is the special ch meet the accommodation will be for about 400 persons The building will be constructed of brickwork arranged 21 patterns of various colours on stone foundations with stone dressings the roof to have handson e tamed Principals the windows to be filled with ornamental lead lights, and the fittings, are to be of trench polished pine The drawings have been pie fired and the work will be supervised by Mr MhertBond Fatal Accident at Playpair's Steps. About twenty minutes to 5 o'clock yesterday morning, He was found lying dead at the foot of "Playfair's fees recently erected at the junction of Argyle and Sabri age streets) by Eugene Brennan, lamplighter, little Clarence-street. He had evidently missed Dusting and fallen down the steps, and probably veto even killed on the spot. 'There' were severe Duke of injury about his head. The body was taken Jj we (dead- house, Circular Quay, where it was ratified a; that of a man named George Taylor, W aboutü years, who had been by trade a chemist, to had latterly been out of work. She is understood Sweeten somewhat addicted to habits of member yes. An inquest will be held at the Observer went, in the course of to-day. Narrow Escape moir eking shot About won yesterday, while one of the warders of the gaol arising from a form at the guard-room at Dar- li. gaol' with his clothing in hand, to go on duty on the wall, the trigger caught on the decks of wionn.andthe weapon was discharged. The ball went whirling close by the warders cap, and the sport caused a momentary alarm, not only to the man himself, but to those who heard the noise. Accident. About a- quarter-past 8 o'clock Sunday morning, some young fellows were trespass on "at the foot of' Druitt-street and J .welelllrk'«B. "so of their number. Frederick and for 1'\^Um-. over a dwarf stone wall, slipped Citehnri f a PinE- Store T''11''11 llC had loosened te(^i11»,h" left leg. causing a bad free W H S1'h!ne.st00k Williams to the In "city, and he was admitted. tlKCUlMED PROPERTY THOM BURGLARIES. like S" 'j'! of- *»«*»'«««* Property still in 'the pi''! det,e«"-«./nd which had been ^,1e,,a"d Vaughan's houses Three a do lives °Pe»-iac^ geneva watch. en el,, m «'pe-timied case ; one gold one WITH Pattern! one salT Pencil old locket- Trial gold pencil-case ! ' T small h°»Än,".iT tea^oon-cest, lion's face : PC the ck" b0p-V one" gold chain- He Pwd i tmêwïetal 5 Shard one Wackbead it with a spectacle case; one pair gold earrings «ÄaA57AT C?LUsI°* ^ Blayney-With v MTT f'om.U>>Tv. published on Satur sioMyw A decision on the railway exten- dere s early WtrUC\S were? smashed and two 'e^dthep5biiÄt;i:%hT burn series to say session Hills by R rUvfty DeP tent is in ''soft disaster as it occurred evils an? line which is still in the "."«.«lieGoSSinÏÏt n as yet I Wed Fires About 11 minutes past 10 o'clock on Saturday night, an alarm was given, that a fire had broken out at Sayes ellis in Park street Smoke was seen to be issuing from a brick building up a small gateway in Clare-street this building being at the year of Mr 1 Saywells shop, as well as at the rear of the premises of Messrs A R Watt and Co Mr Say well occupied the bottom floor and Messrs "Watt and Co the upper The fire was discovered to be between the ceiling and the floor where some debris, which had evidently been the collection of events was found to be s i ordering the ceiling beneath was torn do in and the fire put out his hand pump-, and bucketfuls of water, before any) material (damage had been d mc A little more than ten of hours after, at about half-past 4- o'clock yesterday morning, an old inn of fire was. raised for King,, street on the premises of Mr. 1 Marks, clothier, of In), King street a few doors from (. cor je street. The fire was discovered by the police who saw the smoke issuing out from the shutters In a short time senior sergeant Kerr was on the spot closely followed by) Mr W Camb, who came with a behind, the car followed the entities of No - volunteer fire (on any and the other companies Winn su lirintciideiit Bown, of the Insurance The 1 rude arrived on the spot, sergeant Kerr has just broken at the shop On the In each case me it was found that the fire was in a corner of the shop behind the com ter, among so he news papers some of which had been burnt together with a silk and relict and a pair of trousers the fire was put a ut with three or four bucketfuls of water Mr M iris s brother had shut up at the deck on the Sit in his m lit in (1 often had put out the lights he had lit i in tell and gave behind the counter or an umbrella 1 rota ion in the dark ness and burn) he dropped the match while it was still burning A very serious fire would in all prol a habits have occurred had H not been for the pr not discover) by the Po lace Mr Marks is insured for stock in the I r instanter for a jUO School v Dfittt-Between 5 and 6 o'clock on Saturday is curing 1 h alias Bentley aged 25, a compositor in the Government 1 run ing Office, residing at 197, Delhi street died suddenly He had been ailing for some time and had been attended by Dr Mackellar but not latterly Tni imtARi Itis The following cases have been attended to at the Sydney Infirmary - John Iwohv age a cabman suffers from a tree ture of one of his wrist? watch from shock He had been driving his cab along (a-tleten^h street when part of the ground suddenly give was under the feet of his horse which stumbled and fell The shock was so violent that he was sent Hun,' over the head of the house and came to the ground with great force Tie but a ion narrow escape from a broken neck as it was one was as stated above was broken George Parker was treated for shock He was at the railway station with a spring art w In in the horse bolted and he was pitched out 1 Hen White 4 years of age, treated for a fractured collarbone She had been plane, with another child when it fell pin her, caused the future -Alexander Morehead 40 was treated for a sprained ankle received through his having slipped on the kerbstone while walking along Park street The Not at Society of New South Wales, Section A The usual monthly meeting of section A took place at the Society s leaves 1 Elizabeth street, on Wednesday evening 24th instant, There was a good attendance of members Mr H C Bussell, ? li As in the chair. Mr. J L C Col) cr brou it under the notice of the section a letter he had received from Mr John Browning the eminent optician of London, relative to the differences in colour of the equatorial belt on the planet Tupper, when observed through a refracting or reflecting telescope the ques- ion is to which class of telescope gave the most correct results was a very difficult one and the chairman recommended that those members of the section in a swag sion of ade late instruments should take the matter in hand so that some law of * rain and light he established Mr E Du 1 nur informe 1 the chairman that he had been in course ponds are with several gentlemen residing in the far western districts of the colony who had open ed their willingness to take charge of any meteorol local instruments- entrusted to them and to forward the results of their cb e vations to Sydney Mr Russell said he had also prepared a long list of residents in the outlying parts of the colony where it was desirable that reptil r meteorological observations should be taken as the con- burns of the weather were more stable in the inte- mr than on the coast districts being less liable to disturbances from 15 at caus s and hence facilitating the discovery of periodicity in the return of weather cycles should such exist Mr Russell then read a very fine eating letter received from Mr Jones of the Tamworth I was on a remarkable dry for observed in Tamworth and its neighbourhood on the morning of the 12th in taut Mr De --alls observed a similar phenomenon in Victoria in ISiiduriti the prevalence of extensive bush fires, but whether the Tamworth drs fr,' was due to the same cans required further said nee bef if" it could be dec led The meeting, after further conversational discussion adjourned till next month. Mrdicinat Extract or Mount Winrvx - We have received from the Mount "V* mgen Medicinal Extract Company some of notes of the raw material horn Mount Winton known as the Bush tng Mon- Game between S one and Minriiruiicli, and a bottle of he medicinal extract manifest used by them. The raw material consists of a soft seems kind of mineral which is found in large quantities at Must we in, the extract is a p the almost colourless fluid which is said to possess extra id mari virtues in removing' "the pain from burns or scalds mci tobe either i in use in cases of sores wounds houses in Jameel ex s and other coiiiulHiiits which are set forth at length in a 'label attached to a li bottle Tur- Mj/liiolrnf Hfuth Society. The first annual report t of the Australian Health Society) which was read at the general meeting last month, has just been punts I It shows (the Ai ins writes) that the society is dom. ; a good deal in a quiet and unobtrusive, but eileen , was to carry out the objects for which it was instituted, by the education of public opinion as regards sanitary matters in general by inducing people to see more in accordance or perhaps it would be better than) run in disco dance with the recognised laws of health is seeking the removal of some of the most obvious and accessible sources of disease and li) influencing and facilitating such legislation as may be access try for this purpose Ignorance it cannot be doubted, his at the roof of the ends which the society is an ning to remedy and to dissipate this be the diffusion of uniform action corner ed in a popular form has been one of the fore most arms of the association, which has distributed 22,000 trac s relating to the prevention of scarlet and typhoid fever, and to the importance of pure air and thorough ventilation Two series of lectures have been delivered, and the nucleus of a library of works relating to the preservation of health and kindred subjects has been formed At present the society is one in its infancy and the measure of its future utility must be determined to a great extent by the measure of pecuniary support it receives from the public Looked at from the lowest and most mercenary point of view, a subscription to it is a good investment because it may be regarded in the light of a premium of assurance against epidemics for it is now clearly demonstrated that these are liable to an made the most healthily situated houses and that there is no safety for the rich except in preventing the establishment of contagi Us diseases among the poor And what can be accomplished by sanitary science has just been shown in the city of Carlisle, where the annual rate of mortality has been by must down toll in 1000 With such an example before them the members of the Australian Health Society may at all take courage, and persevere in their philanthropic efforts to c most dirt and disease and to disseminate a knowledge of natural laws among the ignorant and thoughtless NiNKTFFN-\rAHs of mon Vice- Admit ii de Largie has published an able paper " On the Penotli city of Hurricanes, in which he m unto us that the sun and moon in their changes of position with regard to the earth plays an important part in those among pheiicoutbieaks Study of the record shows that hurricanes occur in certain cars and season- more than other s The season, it is thought, depends on the sun 's place in the red tie, while the year corresponds generally with the lunar cycle of nineteen years and Mr de I mile finds on examining the particulars of one hundred and ninety five hurricanes, that one hundred and nine took place within three days of the moon's apogee and perigee and hit) six at the time of eclipses of the sun and moon An eclipse appears to intensify the aerial disturbance but it is remark able that the disturbances are the same in both the heats Dheres The years which show most hurricanes among the islands of the West Indies also show that the hurricanes occurred in the east both on the north and south of the Line Twenty five per cent of the typhoons in the China seas fell on the same days of the month and in the same years as the hurricanes of the Antilles -Chamhms' for August Mr. itary Parade -On Saturday afternoon, a commandant s parade of the Permanent and Volunteer Forces of the colony took place between Rand wick and Botany) His movements were of a specially interesting character, including a sham fight between a portion of the force supposed to be making an attack I on Sydney and another portion acting on the defen 1 sue- The parade lasted from early in the afternoon 1 until late at night the mimic battle taking place about eight miles from the city, and the whole distance having to be tramped by the force with Colonel Richardson, the commandant i were Lieutenant - Colonel Roberts, Major James M nor Christie and other officers of the staff 'The attacking force under the command of Major Airey consisting of one field battery of New 'South Wales Artillery, with detachments of f fly men, with officers from each of the two legs j merits of Volunteer Rifles, together with the Gram I mar School ( cadet Corps was formed on the southern side of the Park Road, near its meet on with the I Randwick Loud, and proceeded via the Randwick and Uunucrani' Roads to take up two positions-one about a mile on the T a Perouse side of the spot where the Burnie ore R and is crossed by the Botany I Ranch sick Road ii tons B u Road and the other at a point three quarters of a mile or so on the track leading from the Botany Knidnick Road to Long Bay I 11 e defending forces- compose of two columns, ' vi? , the first or left c dumn under com inmate of I le i enant C Colonel Goodlet, issued ) Major Jaques c meeting of one half field battery A volunteer Area 1er Brigade, one hat the "amson Artillery v volunteer Artillery Brigade, one half contain Volunteer 1 ng cal Corps, and than Regim it A volunteer Rifles The soil and or ruhr column, under command ! of 1 lieutenant of ntl R i* mond ass steel by Major Wells consisted (of one-half held battery Volunteer I Artillery Brigade one half gi rise i v volunteer Aitil Here Brigade one half company i Volunteer Engineer Corps and 1st Regiment Volunteer Rifles- The left column with the exception of the hilt held Battery Volunteer Artillery Brigade which halted in column of route on the Randwick Rna 1 200 and 500 yards from the Cape i took IT fell so await the main j body) fell in at Darlinghurst Go it house The u,ht coln in (with the except of of the half held battery Volunteer Artillery Brigade came off to accompany the left column paraded at Vi torn Larra ks Both columns proceeded along the Ranlwi k and Bunnerong roads untiring reached the junction of the Botany and Randwi k Roads He left chain pro needed towards Randwick a d took up a position to bardi advance of an enemy 'ronLing Has along the Rand demand Be tank He is to Randwick The right (of linen took up a position to bar the road ea ling from I i Penusc to Sydney) taking position near the time none of the Randwick Botany ntl I'm i among Roads Tarli of the defending c Plans threw out picquets The right col i i n also detached a A party to reconnoitre the ground between the unct on or one roads in the sea to the s mth west An officer of the Volunteer 1 engineer Crops accompanied each column the various columns did not reach the positions assigned to them until nearly half past 5, and about the hour the battle commenced with a few drop ung shots from the rules As -ten from the hills where the defence forces were stationed, the forces wererath-r-catte el The enemy who were supposed to have landed at Lang Bay and La Perouse It first made a feint on the right position of the defensive force on the line of the Bunnerong Road but almost simultaneously directed his a tick from the neighbourhood of Long Bay on the point where the Long Bay track cuts the Botany and Ron twin k Road Here the battle became warm The guns of Colonel Goodlet s column were untimbered on the hills on either side of the road and poured down their fire on the enemy whose white c ats formed a capital target for the riflemen, who under cover of the brush also gave the foe a war a reception bits all the ene his car led ground Major 1 among having left a small for to deal with the feint at the- juncture brought up his men with a view to support the left to man upon which the enemy had severe 1 his attack Gol mel Goodlet then withdrew his force to a line of hills in therein to cover the position of the right column 1 his finger co str ned or ask for s is fine and the enemy at first appeared to make ers and but after a time in- force was see i to be most ing quickly as if m retreat still showed r returning the Tin Hut before rene! ing to top of the slope on which he had been fighting the enemy made another determined stand By this time he sun had set, darkness was closing in and the bloodless battle had to be brought to a ter- mination, the defence force claiming a victory or at least the credit of having successfully resisted the attacks of the invade the force manoeuvres! among the sandhill' and scrub with great alacrity considering the r long an area in one or two prices the artillery horses were stuck up in < -case essence of the the" nature of the ground. The battle being over, the men were formed and in club's q tick time marched down to Mnrou ri hollow, where the camp, supplied with a revision, was 11 died Helen ration preserved and the stimulus 'given to the annexe by the afternoon s exercises made what was provided scarcely sufficient' the, wants of the inner man. As a deficiency of forage is supposed to be not uncommon in actual war fare it vesper hans men is to i e the affairs me what of the chair act Jr freshes and in such cases of courses grumbling would have been very on or clearly The ambulance waggon otiH pro*edofser vice to one man, who gunsight sprain, and six ,'eans Nolan Mackellar McDonagh Pattison and He word that nothing to do The man t living among the scrub was not altogether unattended with dance r, as snakes allowed there at this time of the year, and one man at least our newly even led being bitten After pa ta' ing of refreshment the force was formed into columns a few minutes after 8, and marched home by way of Ton'Bav Randwick and Botany Roads, presented by their band arriving in "-y Inev about half past 10 of came after one of the most fatiguing,' days exercises they had ever 2011 through Altogether about Son men took part in the parade Owing to the great distance from the city at which the sham fight took place and the difficulty of reaching the scene there were but few spectators. Cause -We have files of Hongkong papers, per steamer Ocean, to the 3rd October They contain v e v little news of interest Some further particulars are given of the close of the negotiations between Li Hung Chang and Sir Thomas Wade at Che o with some particulars of the settlement. The Chinese Minister his it is said, acceded to all the demands of Sir Thomas Wade fchang Wenchow M uhu and Pakhoi are to be opened as ports of trade, and the privilege of landing and shipping merchandise and passengers at six place along the Yangtze is secured to foreign steamers the right of navigation in the upper analyze by steamers as far as Chungking is also provided for and British Consular officials will be stationed both it Chungking and "a. union war indemnity covering compensation to the family of Morgan) and other measures more directly concerning the satisfaction due to the British Government for the murder itself and the attack on Colonel Browne's party, are so tired I he I skin and other caves have, it is believed, been discussed and some arrangements in regard I to them made, but nothing further seems to be positively known on this subject Some dissit isfaction has been expressed here that nothing has been done toward the opening up, further, the West River The W owing Rail was is still stopped and no explanation of the cause has yet been afforded bathe British Minister The superstitious excitement of the " papermen incubus, and so on has broken out with considerable violence m Miunehai -a. placard having been issued, by the literati at To show three caring to destroy the habitations of a native and his followers if he sold the site of an old temple to foreigners, and also to destroy any houses that the latter might erect on the same the Chinese as houses have been in ducted by the ever etc remonstrances of H B M to But at the port to offer a reward for the detection of the persons who have thus violated the treaty Matters are much quieter now in Anhwei, where some savage attacks were recently made on Christians Both the priests about whose fate anxiety was felt after the îvwgkwo massacre are quite safe, and the Viceroy of Nanking has issued a satisfactory proof i mation of the affair It has been resolved to erect a monumental cross to the memory of the late Mr Margary at Shanghai The Man viv CuiroitMA-At a meeting of the committee of the Chamber of Commerce held on theiJril October (the leaves, a letter was read from the Deputy Postmaster General in answer to one from the secretary, on the subject of unsatisfactory arrangements at present existing for the dispatch from Sydney of the Melbourne letters arriving over Cab forma mail steamer The letter stated the terms of negotiation which had been opened with the postal auth arrives in by due on the subject After discussion, the secretary was instructed, in acknowledging the receipt of the letter, to point out to the hon Post master General that although the Melbourne letters by the Californian mail were numerically small as compared with the Sydney letters by the Galle route, yet that they were nearly all business letters, and that they represented branches of co amerce from which a very large revenue accrued to the colony in the shape of Customs duties. 