Christmas Eve in a Punt. BY W. SENIOR ("RED SPINNER.") SOME people we never satisfied. It would be too tedious, too laborious a task to enter into the why and wherefore of this latent discontent in human nature, nor does the subject befit a fes- tive mmoix of the year. , It would not be altogether correct to say that Harvey Kype, of Kype Manor, Esquire, wa» r- ' never satisfied ; but it it no libel to whisper that his fita of satisfaction were of the description of I. angel's visits—few and far between. He was especially displeased with his son and heir, ' Harvey junior. lam informed that in these days ' of juvenile precocity, when boys tell each other that "the governor is a jolly old chap," and girls vote parental lectures "awfully alow," it if no uncommon thing to find the head of the household in opposition to the young hopeful who will some day sit on the domestic treasury bench. But Harvey Kype, of Kype Manor, had really very little cause for dissatisfaction. Harvey junior was quite a model boy. He sever told a he, nor tried his hatchet on thi favorite pear tree; he wai innocent of tale-bear. tag and other amusement* of the genus sneskj .' and he was a most loveable brother and son. . 9ut he aeamed to have been bora with a love foe Baton! history. In the eyes of the pater that was a Ugh crime and misdemeanor, for the old . Us*, a'nofjth bsfare 'to lad was bori, had de cided that, if he (roved tobea boy,he should . b)% cktgyman, a canon, a dean, and a bishop. 9ut Harvey junior cared for noae of these ) things: gun and nabing-rod, butterfly net and botanist's box were the things which he pro noised from, the earliest days to Siake the articles of his life's creed:; and Harvey Kype, of Kype ' Manor, Bsqoire, therefore lived and died a dis ' MtMed'nun,^-.; . . " . " Harvey junior nevertheless contrived to make • • good maay eseeUent friends. J. B. Thombury, \- 3.JL. was epe of them, and the very merriest Chr&tmMes; pf^yfe were spent at Kype Manor, over which Harvey junior in due time became \- tttofrr lord. The young squire was a sterling fellow; even his father could not deny that His master at % Harrow would account for the pupil's backwardness by deploring his inordinate love .' for out-of*door studies, but would take the edge off the complaint by admiration of the lad's noble nature. His Cambridge tutors knew that the ' youth who was soouring the fens when he ought to have been poring over his books would never be» bright light of the University; but they would say there wasn't a fellow in his college with lass vice. Yes, he was a sterling. English' man; and, after all, he was rich enough to sur. vff c any little scholastic shortcomings. Ton grip a man's hand all the heartier after indulging in some such mental preface as the foregoing. So gripped Thornbury, 8.A., on that memorable Christmas visit, to which the reader fa being gradually led up. Let his delight at .finding the train not more than two hours' late ; at spying hei friend and his degcart outside of the station ; at being, after flying over ten miles 'of road in three-quarters of an hour, welcomed at Kype Manor—l say, let these be taken as matters of course. There he was, in the warmth and light, and there he meant to stay. The snow seemed to come down expressly to welcome him: it had been expected for days, but not a flake appeared until the dogcart turned into the •venue of elms by which the house is approached- The most sentimental of Harvey's daughters plucked a very sweet sonnet out of the oucum stance, hailing the snow as at once a welcome guest and a welcoming host " Quite an old-fashioned winter," said Harvey next morning as the friends stood together at the French window of the breakfast- room, looking out in that dreamy manner that people somehow always put on when the landscape has been newly whitened. " Yes," Tkornbury answered, " everybody seems to have discovered that this morning; but we have notJtad much downfall yet, and I see the thermometer only marks forty degrees in the heJL" "All In good finae," oontinued the host. " To- Sorrow morning we shall be below freezing joint, and hard weather is a dead certainty ; I told you bo," he added, turning to his gentle wife. MY*s,' Mrs. Kype said, " Harrey is a very pmd wetfker proyMt He declares that the. movements of the birds during the late autumn are as good as any barometers, terreometers, or meteorological departments. He certainly has, from Michaelmas to the present time, foretold a hard winter." "That's a nuisance then," said Thornbury, "for there's an end of my sport" "Ah," replied his friend, "I had forgotten that you are fonder of the rod than the gun. We must take our chance when we can get it. Put .Rory into the cart, Tom, and get a few baits. We must try Tumhill broad before it gets frozen over." Naturally, this was not a satisfactory scheme for the young folks, who were reckoning upon help in those delightful preparations that give Christmas Eve so much of its charm. But neither Harvey nor Thornbury, 8.A., cared a great deal for church decorations, nor, indeed, for the long legged, long.skirted curate, who had appointed himself Commander-in-chief of the bevy of fresh* colored girls. They made the best of it, quoted necessity (about the broadest-shouldered victim for excuse- hufttera the world ever knew), and promised to return very early. "Do please come back before dark," Mrs. Kype entreated;" remember it's Christmas Eve, and we never fall jn yule-log worship." "And we have .three of your favorite songs that must be sung tonight, said Alice the fair. " And you owe me a game pf chess," said Lina the gipsy-eyed. ™~ "Yes, Uncle Thornbury (the children had yean before appointed him " uncle "), and you promised to give me twenty out of a hundred," said Tracy Kype, who actually had a taste and was destined for the church, and who would perhaps have satisfied even the grandfather had that worthy not been a long resident of the family vault. "As sweet a Christmas Eve programme as heart could wish; trust me not to fail," con cluded Thornbury, in lightness of heart " Til just bring my gun," said Harvey, coming out of the house with a workmanlike breech* loader in his hand; "you never know what may turn up at these tunes, and there's a bird I've been looking for these three weeks. Ah ! (glano* ing down at the cob's feet) they've frosted bid Rory, but there's no need of that There's only an inch of snow, and it looks a trifle clearer just now. Shouldn't be at all surprised if you get a good basket of pike to-day." "So mote it be/ 1 was the response. Thorn* bury, 8.A., had been so forced to the mill-round of town duties that since the close of the trout season ha had never handled rod ; therefore was he at this moment vary blood- thirsty in his in tentions towards the ferocious denisen* of the well-stocked expanses of water towards which they were driving. His friend waa a batter judge than he, and evidently thought little of the severity of the weather, but it seemed to him to be bitterly cold —that hard steely sort of cold against which there is no appeal. However, it would not be a long drive; they had rugs, wrappers, and Ulsters, and there is no better exertion in the world than the wielding of a supple spinning rod. Rory trotted without a slip over the ground, and soon brought the adventurers to Harvey's boat-house. Said Thornhury, "You may talk of the joy-in spiring features of spring, laud the more matronly charms of summer, and paint and sing the beau*' ties of mallow autonta; but, to long as it be thorough, give me a winter scene." Here before the sportsmen lay an immense lake of oval shape, its wafers, in the pure white setting of the snow-covered earth, dark almost to blackness. Beyond the further shore were seen the blue straight rising smoke of a hamlet, the pointed spire of the church that to-morrow would ring a merry' Christmas chime, the peeping chimneys' of the cottages, and the long outstretched motionless arm* of the windmills on the higher ground. The bared limbs of the larger trees were powdered lightly on the upper portions of the branches ; the smaller boughs and the hedges were like fine coral; the sere amber leaves of the oaks were plainly visible in the dear atmosphere. Nor cattle, nor herdsmen, nor horses, nor flocks were to be seen; birds in columns, and lines, and masses, regular and irregular, were manoeuvring over the water and uplands. The tall sedges and bullrushes, dry and yellow and ghostly, around the margin of the lake, rustled and rat tled as the wind shivered fitfully through them. " How picturesque it all looks in the spotless veil which conceals what is unlovely!" Thorn bury ejaculated. "How ethereal the smoke hovering over the snug hamlet; how fair the country in its silent repose ! The- cormorant on high Wheels from the «]«ep, and acreanu along the land Loud thrielu the toaring hern ; and with wild wing The circling tea-fowl clearea the flaky cloud-." "When you've made an end of yoar ecstacy, Thornbury," broke in his companion, "we had better push off. The days are short now." That was the only fault to be found with Harvey ; he had no soul for poetry. But he was right They pushed off, selecting a small half boat and half pant Harvey said it would keep him warm to row about while Thornbury cast right and left; so the lad who had met them at the boat-ho«se took the cart to the farm where Rory usually found stabling, and was directed to return at four o'clock. There was quite a collec tion of punt* in the boat-house ; long narrow craft decked with canvas, variations of the old Poole punt, boats with sails, boats with oars, boats with broad paddles and setting poles; boats with oars muffled, oars tied, and oars loose; boats, in short, for the serious business of wild fowl shooting in all its branches, and boats for the lighter demands of pleasure and half-hearted sporting. The little punt in which the friends put off was of the latter category—a mug, round bottomed, snub-nosed affair, just fit for the work in hand. It wag cold to be sure, but when they were fairly at work—one with the oars, the other with the rod—a healthy glow shoo* on their faces. Although a little enow had fallen in the water, there had not been sufficient to Constitute the mixture the angler dread* as snow broth ; cer tainly not enough to put the jack off the feed. There fell to Thornbury's lot on that twenty fourth of December on Turnhill broad as lively a bit of sport as often falls to one man in one day. Spinning with small radd—the store-box having run out of roach and dace—he tickled the serrated jaws of many a prowling face. Now of the ftsh captured were very weighty, but the numbers told welL The mighty patriarchs of the deep Bomehow kept quiet; so did the very ■mall jack, but the five, six, and seven pound gentlemen appeared to Bnap at anything and everything. They were taken far out, and dose to the boat ; in some instances the long dark form would follow the spinning bait like a gliding shadow to within nix inches of the boat, then there Would be a bang, bang, and a swirl of the tail on the surface as the fiak turned to go off with three or four flights of triangles in his jaw for Christmas fare. Two fish actually leaped out of the water in pur suit of the bait. Harvey enjoyed the success as much as the angler did—true mark of the sportsman. Yet, as has been observed in the prologue of this little story, some people are never satisfied. The bottom of the boat was, before very long, covered with the brightly-mottled, olive-hued slain; nevertheless, Thornbury would not be comforted until that monster which every fisherman carries in his tackle-case, in the same way as the French soldier carries the field-marshal's baton in his knapsack, had come to hand. His good friend by-and-by pulled him into the middle of the broad. "The big ones are in the deeps at this time of the year," he • pronounced. " They never get near the reeds if they can help it after November or thereabout*." He had him, by Jove, at last! The style of the fish's striking fairly took away the fisher man's breath. It was not the waggle waggle whack sort of strike, but one strong, swooping pounce, succeeded by a rush which none but a fool would attempt to check. I here repeat that Harvey was a true sportsman. In this supreme moment he was silent. A common man would have bawled, "Be careful, Thornbury, my dear boy," or " Gad you'll lose him if you don't look sharp," and so forth. Harvey simply rested on his oars and watched for emergencies, backing after the fish when it was apparent that he meant to fight for his life, having perhaps previously marked a few small water-fowl or a favorite brother for his Christ mas dinner. Seen from the shore it must have been an edifying tableau—the intrepid angler standing in the boat, bis rod bent in a graceful curve towards the water, and the oarsman cleverly following in the direction of the run away fish. They were the sole occupants of the middle distance of that wintry picture. The description shall not be prolonged. Say, for short, that that Christmas Eve pike gave the pair twenty minutes' play; say half an hour or more, if you wilL The important point) so far as the fish was concerned, is that they caught him ; so far as the captor wan concerned, that he weighed five-and-twenty pounds, seven ounces, and eleven-fifteenths. After the excitement of the capture, Messieurs Kype and Thornbury, 8.A., made a discovery. It was frsesing hard. The rings of the rod where the wet line had passed v and out en closed rapidly thiokening inner rings of ice; the line was stiffened.' 14 You've done very well, old fellow," Harvey said ; "suppose we go ashore now> We have worked our way far across the broad, and it will take us some tune to get back again. We shall find Rory champing by the boat-house, and the good wife and bairns will be on the look-out." M Agreed," said the other. " Enough's as good as a feast" A sip from the pocket-flask sealed the bargain. Thornbury stored away his tackle, wound up the winch, unjointed the rod, aid announced him self ready and willing to go. "I'm afraid I've been very selfish, dear boy," he now said. " You've been fagging for me all day, and I never offered you a turn with the rod, ■or gave you a chanoe with the gun." Idiot that he was to touch that mainspring! "Well," slowly but not reluctantly remarked his friend, " perhaps if we pull silently in*shore here, before we cross over, we may get a shot at something that is worth the taking to show the people at the Manor. There are only four or five cartridges in my pouch; I wouldn't bring more for fear of temptation. I'll tell you what, though, with a little hard weather we shall ha«s these waters swarming with wild-fowl. Pull slowly, Thornbury; don't rattle your oars in the rowlocks as if they were castanets." "Slowly it is," he said, nautical if nothing else. " Good," he continued. " I shouldn't be a bit surprised if this year we came back to the old times when you could buy ducks at tenpence a pair. When the flights are good I can assure you, Thornbury, these lakes are visited by tens of thousands of birds in a night." A man must be flinty, I take it, if he could witness such enthusiasm as that of Harvey Kype without sidling gradually within its influence. Facing him as Thornbury did he could see bis honest eyes beaming at the thought of the feathered hosts that journeyed to those parts when hard times drove them to a great winter invasion. Most likely the B.A.s honest eye beamed too; he certainly listened with pleasurable content (the pike being beneath the thwarts), while he pulled softly into a small creek that penetrated the reedy barrier. " Hush a moment," commanded Harvey. And he hushed. They were now in one of those clear lanes of deep water by which this singular series of lakes are connected for miles at a stretch, and the watery pathway was so Barrow, and the reeds so high, that the men ware very effectually concealed. After a pause Harvey smiled, and placed the gun ready to hand. He had often astonished his friends by a mysterious gift enabling him to un derstand the language of birds. What to them was an unintelligible noise was to him informa tion, music. The cry of a bird revealed to him something more than its ipeciea—it sometimes warned him of its intentions, and told him its feelings and aspirations. So now:— " Ducks," he said; " and they are just settling between themselves whether they shall go into the next broad, or betake themselves to the Mill Marsh at the other end of this. Ah! they've heard us. The old woman has ceased her loud talk, and there isn't a cackle amongst a hundred of them now." It was not a wild duck, however, that would detain Harvey now. His larder was, so to apeak, full of them. Thornbury knew well enough what he wanted. He had expressed a> wish to hare in hi* collection a Paget'a Pochard, and that is a description of fowl not to be bagged every day. They stole cautiously through the passage and paused, holding on by the reeds at the mouth of the second lake, Turlingham Broad by name, lit behoved them to be wary. The Dnnbjrd is one> of the most artful of aquatic birds, as any pro fessional fowler will tell you. When every other kind has been enticed "into the decoy-pipe,. Master Pochard either remains without or divest and retreats before he can be captured. At the. Manor they had eaten of this bird on the, previous evening, and agreed that in flavor, as; in appearance, he was eminently worthy of com-, pariion with the famous canvas-back duck of America. It was in discussion over the dainty moral Thornbury had mentioned bis desire to. have that rare variety, Paget's Pochard. Hence, the present action. "Dunbirds as I live!" whispered Harvey,, pointing to the centre of the lake. They couldL hear their widgeon-like note, softened by distance, and see them upon Che water in con siderable numbers, scattered too over a large, space. Harvey Kype's blood was up, and the passage* overhead of a goodly skein of geese did not at all tend to keep it down. Pulling stealthily, first down by the reeds as a flank movement and then out into the open, the sportsmen thought neither of home nor beaaty. To shorten the story, however, their stalking was* fruitless; Harvey had predicted as much, though a ffhanw shot was possible, if not probable. " It is darkening very suddenly," Thornbary said. , "Tea; and .here comes a snowstorm," ejacu lated his companion. The snowstorm came and took them com pletely by surprise. It was driven down th» broad from tiue north by a high wind, that g*ew into a gale in a few minutes. The B.A. had often read of the blinding attributes of snow, and was now fated to learn by bitter experience, that it was something more than a poetical, phrase. It Beeemed that in a few second* they were completely wrapped up in snow thateame from every point of the oompsss, and that whirled upwards as well as downwatdf, the. flakes fighting and dancing in the maddeab fashion. " Where are the rugs t" Harvey asked. "In the bow of the boat* under the water proof;" the other mewed, tuning round to. bring them forth. .- • ■• ' " Heaven*, you have let the oars go adrift T Alas, too true! BofleUd by enow and wind Thornbury had overbalanced Irimetdf, tumbled', backward* into the bottom df> the beat, aad given the little sturdy oars such an impetus that they disappeared like darts into the water, and came up probably several yards from the boss. I say probably, because the storm still wrapped the two men in its pitiless folds and shot them in to themselves. " This is serious," Harvey •aid', looking around and sorrowfully referring to his watch. "It will soon be dark; we have no oars; there is not a board in the boat that will do for paddling, not e*ta '• stretcher; we can't see our hands before■'Wf it snows and blows harder every miirati f sb helf-an-hour it will be bkek as pitch, and we are driving to some place of other at a very decent rate." . ' " ' He was a sound judge ; it' *4a r exceedingly serious, and Lord Chief Justice Cockburn himself could not have summed up the evidence more pointedly. They were i» for it indeed. After all their rosy visions and promises aad expecta tions, the end of all appeared to be^-Ghrlitmas Eve in a punt I • Night came on apace, and something more, and the battle of snowflakes raged incessantly, the only difference being that whereas at first the combatants were email and hard, the militia, let ua say, of the corptctamie, they were now the guardsmen of the force—large white blossoms of snow that smote you with a decisive pat, and stuck with more tenacity than was at all pleasant to the exposed portions of the face. "Thank goodness* that farmer's child had a trick of making dolls' beds and dresses of our rugs," said Harvey. "You see, things are not so bad" (he had to shout this as through, a speaking trumpet) "as they might be. But for the little girl's propensities for meddling with our property the rugs would have gone on with the cart, and we should perish with the cold. Come aft, Thornbury, and cheer up. Let's huddle together under the rugs, and defy fate." They made the very best of their position, but to his latest day Thornbury says he shall not forget the horrors of that Christmas Eve. Harvey could not conceal from him that he waa ill at ease; he laughed, or made believe to laugh, and drank healths out of the flask, but he was all the time thfaVing of that scene at the Manor House*—the ruddy glow of the fire, the subdued light of the old fashioned lamps, the holly and mistletoe, the anxious gudewife, wretched and hoping against hope, the children frightened, and dinner spoiling. Ah me! and all this through a moment's clumsiness, to which Harvey Kype made not the ghost of a reference. Thornbury would have been grateful had he dubbed him with hi* breechloader. He may not have intended to punish the author of the mishap by a succession of unin tentional backhanders, but his conversation, by reason of ita very cheerfulness, had that effect upon Thornbury. Under the rugs, the wind shrieking and the snow sweeping and circling as much as ever, he would break out thus, in the gentlest of tones:— " Sorry, old fellow, about the yule log. We're bound to mias that anyhow. It is, as I think the wife told you, a particular custom of ours. The yule log orthodox might be either of oak or ash ; but in the olden time it was the fashion to light it on Christmas Day, keep it burning for an hour, then take it off axd preserve it for the following year. We had a great discussion a few yean ago as to whether we should have oak or ash, and resolved, in full household session, to btq* as a compromise an aahen log on Christmas Eve, and an oaken billet on Christma* Day. There's a capital log for tonight, but I know they won't put it on if we are not there. Why don't you smoke?" Then they would cunoke through holes in the wrappers, and after a decent interral of silence the forgiving victim would resume :— " That collection of mine is looking up fam ously, ud Alice gives me most valuable help in the artistic furnishing of the cases. Since you were here last I've set up the osprey, marsh harrier, Arctic tern, knot, Bewick swan, Tern* minok's stint, and a lovely bean goose." "Oh ! bang your goose," cried Thornbury ; " how the dickens can you think of anything at all now ? We shall die on this infernal waste of water." " Well, not immediately at any cost, if we can help it There is room, though; to fear being frozen in ; then we can get ashore on the ice. At present we an driving, slow but sure, to the lower end of the broad ; twenty to one, if we don't run ashore, that we slip into the next broad, and so on to the. ocean. But cheer up. How thankful we ought to be. If the wind did not lash the water we should have been frozen in long before this." Gracing against something as the punt passed on,'the belated ones popped simultaneously frota' beneath their covering and grasped the reeds, thankful that they had at least the means of keeping themselves from travelling. The wind shrieked lees ; became only reasonably strong, changed from howling to grumbling, and finally,, in a sobbing whine, scuttled away across the flat* to the sea. The snowflakes gave up fighting, agreed to make it a drawn battle, and fell peace ably without interfering with each other's free dom. Harvey was equal to the occasion. It was nine o'clock ; in a couple of hours they might be at Kype Manor, though that was not likely. "Now, Thornbury," he said, "let us take another pull at the flask, light our pipes, and act" Then, as he kindled his birdseye, he re marked ■ slyly between the puffs, " How pic turesque it all looks in the spotless veil which conceals what is unlovely." " No more of that,' for mercy's sake," Thorn* bury implored. : ' " How ethereal the smoke hovering, &c;," he continued. Surly as Thornbury was, he could not but acknowledge that the hit waa palpable and fair. They nude fan over'it together,, and hauled thei boat along the edge of the reeds—hauled, hauled, hauled, at snail's pace, for two mortal hours, and, as they discovered afterwards, hauled nearly round the aritfcn broad. What flights of wild* fowl itaere wen after the storm I Harvey talks to this day of the teams of duoks^ pushes of dun birdsy eovcrto of ooota, and greylag geese that doubly) darkened the night, and kept the water alive until ths frost began to tell upon it Hard upon midnight a water passage hove in light on the larboard bow. They rounded into it, emckliag through the wafer ioe, still progress ing by means of the reed*. It reminded them of the, habitual drunkard, whose only means, of raining hone is to place his back against' the wall directly he gets outside the tavern door, and, alowfr trundle himself in an upright position along the fronts of the houses until he rolls against his own door, How long they were to progress in this fashion waa a. very uncom fortable problem to face. They wer* embarked, upon an apparently illimitable enterprise^ Pene trating that dense forest of reeds was out .of the question. . "Hark! That's Giles's watchdog," said Harvey. "We are. near the hamlet Ah I you may talk of the joy-inspiring features of.spring; you—" Crack! crack 1 The mocker had oat bis mockery short; he bad taken up his gun, and like lightning brought down a bird that rose out of, or somewhere near, the reeds. " That's your bjrd," he said. "It has dropped in the reads. We must fetch it" The little boat deft the tall reeds easily; the pochard was, in good luck, retrieved by Thorn bury almost at. onoe; and, beat of all, they dis covered a method of approaching the shore. Worst of all, however, they had to get'overboard and plunge up to their waists in mud and water to drag the boat after them. Mr. Giles, the worthy farmer of the picturesque hamlet, stared somewhat 'under his tasselled nightcap when the gentlemen from the manor threw shot at his casement and calmly Btated their case. Hearing their determination to proceed at once, he roused up a carter, and despatched them in a neat two- wheeled vehicle without springs, and which had been recently employed in the conveyance of artificial manure. A pretty figure they must have cut! The ladies were all in the hall porch waiting for them, and the place was in a blaze of light Tracy had nut them at the end of the drive, where, in shamefacedness, they alighted from the savory chariot, and his loud laughter had forewarned the ladies that there was no mischief to grieve over. The returned prodigals advanced, pretending to enjoy the joke, Harvey with Paget's Pochard dangling in his right hand, Thornbury, 8.A., with the large pike trailing upon the. snow from his left hand. Their grinning attempt at laughter must have been ghastly indeed. They were thickly caked with frozen mud of a rich black color, and the smears on their faces pre sented a fine example of b'ght and shade. As they slunk off to the kitchen the worthy spectators of the wanderers' return laughed until the tears streamed down their cheeks. That was right The sportsmen had, in their pretended enjoyment of their mishaps, advanced upon the party with a gaily said "Merry Christmas to you all," and, to do everybody justice, although it was two o'clock in the morning, a merrier beginning of Chriatma* was never witnessed. A toyman who had recently taken to himself a wife was exceedingly tender to her in epithet; his frequent address to her was "My lamb." One day a dirty- faced little boy asked for a toy, and the busy toyman said, "My lamb, serve that boy, please." The boy was served and sent away, but soon returned to have his toy changed. The toyman doubted whether it had been bought at his shop, and asked, "Who •erred youT The lad replied, "It war the lamb, sir." 