OftD NOTES. Br a Bohemian. Mao will bo hore now: in a weok or ten days, and then wo shall seo — what wo shall see,. I don't know how it is, but that offico of Agent Genoral for Emigration seems to exorciso tho minds of both northern and southern pcoplo in a very remarkable manner. I know very woll that a thousand a-ycar in London, and being tho accredited agent of a groat and prosperous colony — ahem ! — and all that sort of thing, you know, is worth having. But only ono man can havo tho appointment,' and as I don't stand a ; ghost of a chnnce myself, and havo no friend or relation who stands any chance cither — why I troat the whole thing with scom and silent contempt. In the language of tho divino Milton, I ' let it rip.' But this wise cours'o is not followed by others. Judging from nows papor paragraphs and private rumour, I should say that there is at least a score of men who employ most of thoir waking hours in wonder ing who will bo appointed, and then when thoy go to sleep thoy dream that the appointment is made, and cannot convince themselves that it is not a reality. Within this last fortnight I have been assured in the most solemn manner and on 'unquestionable authority,' of course, of no less than three persons who had been offered, and had accepted, tho billet. It's hardly worth while mentioning who they w6r0, becauso it turns out now that none of them were ap pointed, and never cxpected to ho.' But a now batch of appointments are being made by .these dreamers. To-day, I am informed by a load- ' ing Orangeman, that the Government lias sold itself to Bishop Quinn, and that my old friend, ' tho O'Dohcrty,' has been appointed Agent General, on the express understanding with Quinn that he sends no immigrants out here except good Roman Catholics. Then comes a paragraph from tho Rockhampton Bulletin, ap pointing tho Hon. the Colonial Treasurer Agent-General. It1 seems 'that tho Bulletin has kindly arranged to give tho Colonial Trea surer a holiday and a trip to England at tho end of the forthcoming session— if not beforo — arid when he is out there, he is to be quietly and neatly dropped into : the office of Agent General, be presented at Court, and Knighted by Her. Most Gracious Majesty. I remember it- ~ was tho Bulletin which first started tho story of Macalister accepting tho . offico of . Agent General. I don't know,, and I don't' much caro how it is settled, so I leave my Orange friend and tho Bulletin to arrange tho matter be tween th'eiri. Still, I ifhufet say it's very kind' ' ?Of; tho Bulletin to. givo the .Colonial Tieasurer j a triji to' England, :an office-worth d thousand a year and picliiifgs, and a title into tho bargain. . 1 I kavovu s complaint to make against the clergyman, ortho churchwardens, or other person in authority' at1 tho Fortitude Valley Church of ?England. It isn't so much my. complaint as that of a number of young ladies whose spokes niU.IL A lUU uuxigiituu. w uu vuvj »YU allow me to speak for them,: 0r to, them, ' or of them. It seems that last week tliere was a grand wedding at tho Valley Church— a regular tip-topper of a wedding ; one of those . wed dings in which the ' knot tied by the tonguo cannot be untied by the teeth ' is tied faster than usual; strings of bridesmaids; finest -of ' lace for tlio bridal vep, greatest profusion of orango blossoms — and all that sort of thing, ' you know. I was married myself some timo ago, and have lost all interest in weddings. I cannot appreciate any part of the ceremony ; except, perhaps, the kissing of the bride— when sho is very pretty — by the 'best man' after the. names are all signed1 in tlio register., I havo, thought at times that I - , wouldn't mind' being ' best mun ' just ior that part of the ceremony, but.that is all. , For the' j rest a Wedding is no more interesting to mo ? than a funeral— not so much, if tho funeral is that' of somebody who owed mo a. grudge and ;never lived to pay it. . But young ladies who 'have yet to.be married' arid wish to get posted up for tie. occasion when their turn comes,, so that, they may go through/the trying ordeal ia as becoming arid interesting a manner as ... possible — thoy very naturally, and very properly as I think, like to seq, all tlio grand weddings thiey' can. ? Well, they could not seo tho wedding down at'tho Valley Church last week, becauso directly the bridal party got insido the Church the doors wero locked. It was a cruol sin and a shame. I am told of one young lady who.harneased up her papa's horso and put it in tho buggy liersolf, and drove over two miles t to that church door, and then found it locked. That young lady expects to havo to be married herself beforo many more months are over her head. Only think of that! : And what was worso than all, the newspaper reporters were shut out, so that -no account of the wedding could appear in the newspapers. Nothing except the advertisement in small type over tho leading artiolo could bo ascertained about I hat wedding. I am told that tho news paper reporters made vigorous and even frantic efforts to seo how tho thing was done, and how everybody looked, and procure matter .for a sensational para graph, as there is a paucity of exciting nowsjust now, barring the liew rush to the Mulligan Ranges at tho Palmor, but it was all in vain. Now if this is going to bo the rule at grand weddings here, I' hope that tickets of admission will bo issued in future1,, ,ao as to prevent disappointment. Tho children belonging to St. John's Sun day School aro to bo token on an excursion to ' Gatton next Monday. They will go by the railway. I don't onvy tho poor little things if the railway arrangements next Monday aro anything like, tho usual style of doing things on holidays 'in' that'department. If they all get' to Gatton, I don't know how thoy are going to enjoy themselves. It is not very ©xoiting to look at gum trees and waltlo hushes, and long grass ; and tho gums, wattles, and long grass at Gatton are so very similar to thoso in other parts of tlio colony below the range, that I question wjiethcr an enthusiastic botauist could get up much enthusiasm : by contemplating them for half a day or so. ? It seems, however, from the circular issued, that ' tho cliildrcn will bo supplied with a substan tial luncheon on arrival.' This will fix them all right, and they can amuBO one another after tho luncheon. Tho circular goes on to Bay that parents and frionds of tho children can accom pany them in tho train, at a low charge for tho double journey. ? But, possibly to avoid having' to dual with abnormally keen appetites; , at the- 'substantial luncheon,', there is tho following footnoto to the circular . N.B.— As tlie journey ia a loup one, tlie children should lpo given a goad breakfast before loaviug home. Thero is nothing, liko having a clear 'under standing- beforehand.' That nota bene about . 1 tho ' (jfccfd breakfast' seems to mo a very happy thought and a'good sbund ideJ1' ^ had not been announced, tho younj7 va^ °^, s would havo beon so -excited ftbo trip up this railway that they would loot eaten any breakfast, put no victuals irt their poclcots, and when lunch camo each .ono would have eaten his own weight, if ho coulu lay His hands on as much. Boys, as a rule, havo vory healthy appetites, so havo girls, and it. would havo been no joka to have had to find lunch for a couplo. of hundred healthy young sters who started from homo in tho morning without a ' good breakfast.' 