LIFE IiNjl'AKi IlONt1MILLSA. Oi l ,0t "tt s tnilt., then; nitfrstl, What hope of answer or redress ? SAcloudy. day.; do you .know what that is in a town of iron works? The takysnnk: downt boforel/dawi,,?hu ddy, flath'Jimmovable:'' The' air is thick, 'iiffi&iiiy;'~whithhe ibreath of. croe~!ied unillinbelintigs , sx tifles me., I open thbe window .,,, lookitig ;out, can .wareely' see.tlthrough' Lhs rain ; the grocer's oiti opoji iosite,; whlioeh sroed .of drunken Irishmen are puffing .Lynchburg tobacco inl their'pipoa.:' I cean ,detect' the soent ftlrougll all tihe Tho Idiosyncrasy, pf -this, town is smoke. It rollssulll~nI iii slow 'folds from the great ,qlhimneys of..the iron foundiies,a ad 'setiles dow;ni li black, slimy pools on the muddy streets. Smoke on the wharves, smoke on the dtligTbgWf9T7iff thie illb iv ri .er--cling ing in a coating of greasy soot to the house front, the two faded poplars, the faces of the pausers-by. 'i The -long train of mi pstr gging;' masses of pig iron tlrough.the sharrow street, have, a foul vapour hInging' to their reeklng?.soi1s. isre, inasidel-is a litte ward, from, the mantolshell; buoeven its wings are covered with sei'oke, clotted and black. Smoke everywhere! A dirty canary chirps desolateAy i'll a cage beside rte. Its dream of greep fields and sunshine Id: lverfy.old ihl'am -almost worn out, I thinik. Fro?.tsiu g pkag iltsdtliow I can seoba narrow brick yard sloping down to the river, p~leltrw-alriwlth 'aian:btts anid tul$hi. Thio river, dull anud tawny coloured (la.belle rivisre I), drags it self sluggsltby aidoig, tired of the heavy, woight ?f the boats and. coal. baV .to4.' WlaT vwondleti?. 'Whl6da I was a child, I used to fancy a look of weary, dumb appeal upon ,ther face of the negro-like river ?slaishly i(earing .its burden dnyrftir any. 'Somiething of the, ame,.i dlenotioq~ gonmess to me to day, w?l "??o" the itreet' window I look on'the slow atream of human life creeping past, night and morning, to the great mills. 1Masses of men, withl dull, besotted faces, bent to thoe ground, sharpened hereo and there by pain or unnuing; skirn and. muscle and flesh be-.. grimed with smoke and ashes; stoopinig all night :over boiling caldrons of metal, laired by day in dons of drunken ness and infamy; breathilng from.in fancy to death an air saturated with fqot1g d?gesm anii~loot i'ilenei s for soul and body. What.do you make of a case like that, amateur psychiologist ? You call it an altogether serious thing to be alive; to these men, it is a drunken jest, a juke-horrible "to aeine perbsas, tolthImso.ommnplaoa J afiassh:'Ml . faMylliy bbds" the6 ivei was an1 lI oieol i~ is:uti typozof, such a life.' 'What if It be stagnant and slimy here? It knows that beyond green foliage of npple-trees, and.flush. leg crimson with I.osds-'air, an'd' ilhl, and mountains. The future of the' Welsh puddler passing ,juat now is not so pleasanut. To be stowed'dway'after his grimy work is done, in naholo In the mJddly:graveyuord ald .aftei' that- not air, hor' gr?en fields, nor curious roses . '. , Can you see how foggy tle day is? 4#.i91ltat d I here, I idly,, tapping , the window-pane1 and looking out through the taih a1t' theli? dhy baik- yard ind the coal boats below, fragments of an- old story float up before mo-a story of this old house into ?vb-ic'i I :happened . to come to- day. ?'Ydou may think 'ita tiresa story,,oeough,.a foggy as the Ma~lý rjdeisI blru strddeiin flasm eof pain or pleasure. I ktnos: only tl?o outline oetsaldlir l'e, tth~it longoince, with thousands of dull lives like its own, was vainly lived and lost: thousands of them,- masiled,l vite, ?inmt -livo t utso of.tl?itor id SLost? Tlord ?'s.i curious doint .for you to settle, my' friend, twho dludy psyehologyti- wluasy, sdiletast" way. Obop a moment. I am going to be honest.- 'hils is what I want you to 'do..--I want you ,hide your disgust, tak 'io lib'edlto your. clean clotheod, anid cor. ill t1 down ,iith -me-?ere, into thte 'lhlket 'of tle. fog 'and mud maid fI a I ,wanit yosi to hear this sto'Si' There is a seoret-diwn heroe, in a nigh iniS' tog,"lthat. 1a1n lainl dun f . fan nusricsu : I.;',watt,. to mn aliat lt ill tl'hiingto you." You, Loii_? or 'Pahtltehst, '_or. Armjhlan, aARliikg sat'raight paths for your. feet ?outho ills, dpq otic' it eletrly--r th? ilb slon which men .lhere i? .g~he, r I anid died trying: to ani fr.{ I-o0 0pt ,put this aecret in l ds Itbld. yt ittiwas dumb. T en og y;Cw.lthdrunkeu theR odb?-slfull of unawakened io t.nnk£,t: of fsocletyjor of o."hlr ives~' ask 'it, their deaths ask lt There is[noaeply.. .wlll toll yu plnlb~tba.I hlave a great hope; ediihIbrl~P to to4uto bp teetId,. It luIts I'own relyf liat I lic not the a. j 6 :dotii,! we thlil?ll'i-t but, fR~& r orttebitty lsf its" dark nabtp3Cl- bst.Oiaodmlf~oropheey which the world has known of the lholo to cobi "-1t'iliO"fle'ke0 my ntaeauiinig soi clearer, but will only tell miy story. It wlUtiperhabls,ldoehl fo iyou% as' foul uind dark as this tlics vasposu ibou Lpat and as pregnant with deali; but if your; eyes are fire as mine are to look deeper, no perfume-tinted dawn will be so fair with promise'of the day that shall suriel come. My story' is very simple-only what I remember of the life of one of these; men, a furnace-tender in one of Kirby' and John's rolling-mills-Hugh VWolfe. You know the mills? They took. the groat, order for the Lower Virginia, railroads'there lnast winter; run usually with about a thousanid men; I cunnibt tell why I chloose the halu.forgotten story of this Wolfiu more than tlait.of myriads of these furnace hands. Per. haps because there is. a secret itllder lying sympathy between that story nad this day iith' its ;impure fog and tliwarted seunshline; or perhaps simply for the reason that- this house is the one where the 1?oilfs lived. There were the father' anld on- both hands, ris I said, in' on? of Kirby irnd'Johnh's mills for making railroad iron-and Deborah,. their cousin, a picker in some'of'thi cotton mills. Tlhe house was rented then to half-a-dozen families. The Wolfos had two of the cellar rooms.: The old' man, like many df the lIuddlers and feeders of : the mills, _ was i Welsh - had spent half of his life in the Cor. nish " tin -mines., .You" may 'pick the Welsh omigrants, Cor;lisl nilners, out of tIt,pthrong passing the windows, any dioy. They are a trifle more filthy; their musoles are not so brawny; they stoop .more.• Whenn they 'tre drunk, they neither yell nor shout nor stagger, but skulk along like beaten hounds. A pur-,, unmixed blood I fuicy ; shows itself in tho slight angular- bodies nad sharply-cut facial lines.- It is nearly thirLy, years since the'' ?olfes lived hero. Their lives were like those of their class; incessant labour, sleeping in 'keniel-like rooms, eating rank pork and molasses, drink. inug-God and the distillers only know what; with an occasional night ln gaol, to atone for some drunken excess. Is that all of their lives ?-of the portion given toithem and these their duplicates swarming the stroets to-day ?-nothling beneathl ?-all'? S~ miny 'a political t-pfortnert will tell you-and many a priyvate reformer, too, who has gone among thlleh with a heart t~inder with Christ's charity, antd come out out. raged,: hardened. , .One ' rainy night, about ..leven o'clock, at crowd of half clothied women stopped outsilde of the cellar door. 'They were going home from the cotton mill. "Good-night, Deb," said one, a mulatto, steadying -herself against the gas-post. She, needed the post to steady lier. So did more than one of them. "Dal's a ball to Miss Pott's to night. Ye'd best come." .f InteCt, DDub, if hur'll. come, hur'll hIef fun," said a shrill' Welsh volceio'n the crowd. .' .. r ~a Two or three dirty hands were thrust out to catch the gown of the woman, who -was groping for the latch of the door. "'; No.' . -"No ? Where's Kitt Small, then?" _" Bcgorra I on the spools, Alloys belhint, though we helped her, we dud. An. wid ye I Let Deb alone! It's audacent frottin' a quite body. 'Be the po'wcrs, an' we'll' have a night of it ? theor'll be lalhin's o' drink - the 'Virgont ' be blessed and praised for't ! They went on, tihe mulatto inclining for a moment to' show fight, anii: drag the woman Wolfe off with them; but, being pacified, she staggered away. ' Deborah 'groped her way into the cellar, and, after considerable stumbling, kindled -a match, and lighted ,atallow dip, that sent a yellow glimmer over the 'ro?ni It. was low, dump,--tho earthen floor covered with a green, ilimy moss-a fetid air smothering the breatlh:; Old Wolfe lay asleep on a heap of straw, wrapped in a torn htorse;blnnkot. lie was a pale, meek little 'man, with' a whitb fide and red rabbit-uyes. . The woman Deborah was like hiim ;. only her face was even moro ghastly, her lips bluer, her eyes more watery. She wore-a -faded cotton gowlt and a slouching bonnet. Whoi she walked, one could see that ohe was deformed, almost a hunchback. She trod softly; so as not to wakqn him, tnd ' went through into, ,the room beyond. - There she found by'thi half. -ixtingulshld firo, an ; iron, snucelian filedwitli :old boiled, potataea, which she put upon a broken chmluah with a pint cup bf ale." Placing. the old candlestick: beside 'this dainty repsut, shla untiedl" hier, bone, ;which mung wet and l\mp.over her face, atnd .prc parod.t4 eat her supper.. It wis the first food that, had touchdd her, lips asinoim.orl"ning - There was e longhL qf it,, however,;.thquro Ip not alivya. ' f)t wise hungry-oneo cduhlti!uee ;lfilt easily enouglh--and not drunk, as moat of her comlanlionis would have been found at this hour..Sho didenot drink, thiswomnn-lhor faco told that, too notblig stronger than ale. Perhaps tile weak,' flaccid wretch ,had some stlmulaunt in Iher pale life to keep her up--some love or hope, it might be, or tirgent: nood. WVlhena tlhat stimulant was gone; sthe would take to whisky. Man cainnot live by work alone. Whilst she was skinning tihe plotatoes and mounching them, at noise bhlind her madet heior stop. ' ' .' :".Jnuey " l' elo callad,:: lifting the candle and peering Into the darkness. " Jancy, are you there?" A heap of ragged coats was heaved up, and the face of a young girl emerged, 'staring sl?tepily at the woman. ' " Deborah," she said, at last, " I'm hero the night." "Yes, child. Hulr's welcome," she said, quietly eating on.. Th'le girl's face was haggard and sickly; her eyes wee:g Ileavy. withl sleep and hunger: rehl Millesian eyes`thioy were, dark, delicate blue, glooming out from black shadows with a pitiful frighlt. " I was alone." shI kldsid.. iinidly':' "Wlhere's the flthier ?" asked Deborah, liolding ount i potato, whllich the girl greedily seized. "Ho's beyant-wid Hlaley-in the stone house." (Didl you ever hear the word gal firom all Irish mouth ?). ",I; elnoe here. Hugh told me never to slay me-lone." "Hugh ?" " Yes." A vexed frown. crossed ji?p .fiace. The girl saw it, and aidded qlliekl', "I have not see, ia:f glih'tine dey1 ; Deb. Thie old man says his watch lasts till the tnornin'." t '' The woman sprang' up, and hastily began to arrange some bread and flitch in a till pail, and to pour her 'own measure of ale into a bottle. Tying on her bonnet, she blew out tihe candle. "Lay ye down, Januy, dear," sine said, gently, covering her with tile old rags. " FIur can eat the potatoes, if hur's hungry." " Where are ye goin', Deb ? The rain's sharp." " To the mill, with Hugh's supper." "Let him bide till tit' morn. . Sit ye down." " No, no"-sharply pushing heir off. The boy'll starve." Sihe hinrried from the lo'llar, while thq qhild wearily..coiled hlerself up for; sleep. The ruiln was fatiling hIeavily, as the womann, pail 'ill hiand, emnerged fiom tile mouth of tile tlley, and turned downn tile unlrrow street, thlat stretclhed out, long and black, miles before her. Here and there it flicker of gas lighted anll uncertain space of muddy footwalk and -gutter; tlke long rows of houses, except an ioeceasional lager-bier shop, were closed,; now lnd theon sihe met a band of mill 'hands skulking to or fiom their work. . Not many,even of tile Inhlabitants of a manufacturing town know the vast machinery of system by which the blodies :of workmnca are governed,. that goes onn unceasingly friom year to year. 'The Iands of each mill are divided into watches that relieve each othler as regularly as tile sentinels of au army. By night and lday the work goes on, theo, unsleepiplg., engines i gl:oan mid shriek, tile fiery pools of metal boil alnd surge. Onily for a niny in tihe week, in ialf-courtsey to public censure, the fires are partly veiled; but as soon as tlle clock strikes midnight, tieo.great 'furnaced' break forti ' with rotneved fury, tlhe clamour begins whh fresh, breathless vigour, the 'engines sob anid shriek like." gods in pain." SAs Deborah hurried down tihrough the heavy rain, the noise of these thousand engines sounded througlh tile aleepland shadow of tine city like fatr off' tllunder. Tile mill to whichl site was going lay on the river, a mile below the city limits. ,It was far, slid ihoe was' wvek, aching froni staindiiig twelve honurs at the spools. Yet it was tier almost nightly walk to take this mau his supper, thoengh at every square silo sat down to rest, andl sihe knlew sihe would receive smnall word of thana.ks.. ' , - ' . Perhanps, if she had possessed an artist's eye, the picturesque oddity of the scene might have made her step stagger less, and the pathl seem shorter; but to liar' the mills were . olly "? suminat dllish'to look at by night." I The roed leading to the mills had been. qunarried from tlhe solid rock, which rose abrupt and bore onl one side of the cinder-covered road, while tihe river, sluggish and black, crept' past oni tihe other. The mills for rolling iron are simply htmlnllso tent. like roofs, covoring acren- of ground, npen on every side. Beneath these nools Deborahl looked in on a city of fires, that' burned Ilot and fiercely inn the night. Fire in every horrible form; pits of flame waving I 'the winldl liquid metal flames writhing in1 tortuous streamns through the sannl; winlo cal. dreoiis fillled: withl bbiling fire, ovei wlichl boent ghastly wretches stirring tihe strange brewinig;' and through all, crowds of half-clad men, looking :like revoingeful 'gllosts' in tie, red light, Ihurricdi hl'rowintg. manssa of glittering fire. It was like a street in hell. Eveu:Doboeni muttered, an site or6pt throughl, "'T looks like t'dovil's place!" It did, inn' more ways thatn one. i SSite found the maln shie was looking fi'n, at last,'heapin'g coal onl a fnurnace. lie bad nnt time to eat Ils supper; so sie 'weont behind the fulmnice, and waited. Only a few molen were with; Ilm, andti they noticed lier only hy n " I-yur comes t' IhunllchbanckL, Wolfe." i DeborIahI was stupid with sleep; her back pained lier sharply; anid-her tcbth elnattered with cold, with the rain tiat soaklied her olothee, nnd: drlinppd from her at every stop. She stnood, how over, patiently holding tine llii, andn waiting. n "loit womnnan! yenou look like' a drowned eant. Com near to thoefire," slald one of the men, apllromchlug to sbrape.nway tie ashels. ' SIhe shook llhe liead. Wolfe haId forgotten her. iHe turned, hearing the man, and came closer. ~ 1 did no' think; gi' me my supper, woman., .he watched him eat it with a paihr ful eagerness. With a woman's quick instinct; she saw that he was not hungry--was eating to please her. Her pale, watery eyes began to gather a strange light. ' Is't good,, Hugh?_ , .T ale was a bit soue, Ifeared." " No, good . enough.'~; -IIe .hesitated a moineoit. "'Ye're tired, poor lass! Bide here till I go. Lay down there on i~hat hoal;.of' ah, and go to shleip." ITe threw her an old coat for a pillow, and turned to his work; 'The heap was the refuse of the burnt iron, and was not a Iard'hbed; the half- smothered warmth, too, penetrated her limbs, dulling;their pain and cold shiver. Miserable enough she looked, lying there on the ashes liker a limp, dirty rag, yet not an unfitting figure, to crown the scene of hopeless discomfort mld veiled crime; obre 'fitting; if one looked deeper into the heart of things -at her thwarted woman's form, her colourless life, her waking stupor thdt smothered pain; and hunger---even maore fit to be a type"'of her class. beepbs yet if'onte couldlook, tWias there nothing worth ,reading in.. this wet, faded thling, lihlf-covered with ashes? no story of a soul filled. with.groping passionate 'love, herolo 'unnelfish'ness, fierce jealousy? of years of weary trying to please the onb human' being whom she loved, to gain one' look: of real heart-kindness from him? If any tihing like this were hidden beneath the pale, bleamsed eyes, tnnd dull, washed out-looking face, no,one had ever taken 'the trouble to read-its faint signs;'not the half- clothed furnace-tender, Wolfe, certainly.. Yet he was kind to her; it was his nature to be kind, even to the veiy rats that swarmed in the cellar; kind to her in just the same way. She knew that. Atid it might be that very knowledge had given to her face its alirithy naint vacanicy mote than lihr low, torpid life .. Onosoeslthat dead,.vacisnt look. lseal sometimes over. the' rare-t, finest of women's faces, in the very midst,, it 'may be, ;of thleir :warmest summer's lday; and then one can guess at the secret of intolerable solitude that lies liid 'betnettl tihe delicate laces and brilliantamile. *There wqs no warmth, no brilliancy, no summer for .this woman;,so the stupor nond vacancy had time to gnaw into her face perpetually. She' was younlg, too, tlhough no one guessed it; so the gnawing was the fiercer. Shite lay quiet in the dark corner, listetiing throtigh the monotondus din and uncertain glare of the works, to the dull 'plash of the'rain' in the fai' dlistance, shrinking back whenover the main Wolfe looked towards her. Sthe knew, in spite of all his kindness, that there was that in lier face and form which made him. loathe the eight of her. Sho felt by instinct, although site could not comprehend it, the finer nature of the man, which made himi among his fellow-workmen, sometlhing unique, set apart. She knew that, down under all the vileness and coarse ness of his life, there was.a groping jisssion for whatever was behiutifl anmd pure-that his soul sickened wioth dis gust at her deformity, even when his words were!;kindest. Through this dull consciousness, which never left her, came, like a sting, the recollectione of the dark blue eyes and lithe figure of the little Irish' girl sIhe had left in the 'cellar:. The recollection struck through even her stupid Intellect with a vivid glow of beauty and" oif'grace. Little Jaiey, timidl, helpless,' aliuging to HIugh as her only friend: that was the sharp , thought, the bitter thought, that drove into the glazed ayes a fierce light of pain. You':libgh at it? Are pain anid joelousy loss savage realities down-lhere in this place I am taking you to than in your own house or your own heart-your heart, which they clutch rat somletimnes. : The note is the same, I fancy, be the octavo high or low. ,If you could go. into this mill where Debliorah lay, snld drig' out froni 'the hearts of these men the terrible tragedy of their lives, taking itas a symptom of the disease of theli' class, no ghost horror' would terrify; you' more. 'A reality of soul-starvation, of living deuath, that moots you every day under the besotted faces on tile street-I can paiint rothing of this, ohly giveryou tlhe outsldleoutlin es of a nigh!t, a crisis in ioe life of one main: whatever muddy depth.of soul-history lies beneath, you can read according to the eyes God his given yoi . Wolfe, while Deborah watched himn as a spaniul its toaster, bent' over the furnnaco with his iron pole, unconscious of helr ascrutiny, only stopping to re. ceive orders. .Physically, nature ihadl promised the man but 'little. 'eo had already 'lost the strongth and, iln stinct vigour of a matm, his muscles were thllit, hIis noerves wenk, his face (i moeek, woman's fiace) haggard, yetllow with consumptini. In tile mill li was knowi as otse of the gi'l-men: " Molly Wolfe" wis his sobriCquet. lie was noever seon in the cockpit, dlid niot own a terriolr, drank but seldom; wlhen he did, desperately. lie foughlt somu times, hitt was always' tlhraslhed, pomnmelled to a jelly. The man was sgilumno enoghl when hIls blood was mp; but Iheo was no fitvourlitein the mill; hI had tihe taltt of anlmool learnimg oni him 1--tot .to . a dallgerotls extent, only'n quarter or so in the free school in fact, but enough to ruin him as a good hand in a fight. For other reasons, too, lie was not popular. Not one of themselves, they felt that, though outwardly ais flhhyi and ash-coverod, silent, with foreign thoughts and longings breaking out through his quietness in innumerabllo curious ways; this one, for instance. In the neighboring furnace buildings lay great heaps of the refuse fromtlhe ore aftcr then pig metal is rur. "Korl we call it hero; a light porons substance, of a delicate, waxen, flesh-coloured tinge. Out of the blocks of this korl, Wplle, in hlis off-liours from the frnllacu, had a hanit of chipping and moullihag figures-- hideous, fanitastic enough, but sometimes strangely beautifill-even the mill men saw that while they jeered at him. It was a curious fancy in: the man, almost a passion. The few hours for rest lie spent hewing and hacking, with hisa blunlt knife, never speaking, until his watch came again, working at oheo figure for months, and, when jit was finislheds breaking it to piieces, perhaps, in a fit of disappoint menit. A morbid, gloomy man, un taught, unled, left to feed his soul in grossness and crime, and 'hard, grinding labour. ;I want you to come dlown and look at this Wolfe, standing there among the lowest of his kind, and see him just as lie is, that you may judge him justly when you hear the story of this night. I want you to look back, as lie does every day, at his birth ini vice, his starved infancy, to remember the heavy years lie has groped through as boy and man--the slow, heavy years of constant, Ihot work. So long ago lhe began that lie thinks sometimes lie has worked there for ages. Tlhere is no hope that it will ever end. Think that.God put It. into..theman's soul a fielco taste for beanity-to know it, to create it,,to. be something--he, knows not what-otlher then lie is. There are moments when.a passing cloud, the sun glinting on the purple thlistles, a kindly smile,'a chlild's, face, will rouse him to a passion of pain-when his nature starts ip with a madl cry of rage against God, man, whoever it is that has forced this vile, slimy life upon him. 'With all this groping, this mnad desire, a great blind intellect stumbling throigh wrong, a loving poet's heart, the man was by habit only a coarse, vulgar Inbourer, familiar withl sight and words you would blush to name. Be just; when I tell you about this sight, see him as lie is, Be just, not like man's law, which seizes on one isolated fact, but like God's judging angel, whose clear, sadil eye saw all the countless cankering days of this man's life, all the countless nights, when, sick with starving, his soul, fainted ain hi'm, before it judged him for this night, the shddest of all. . ( 'o be co=ntiud.) 