ABOLITION OF PAY MUNT OF MEMBERS, (fool the' ballarat star ) j Mr, Casey's proposal to do away with the payment of members is likely to have the general sympathy of the country, in so far as the present system of payment is concerned. It is well ascertained that the paid Houses have not been in any sense better than their predecessors, and that in some respects they have been worse. For the outcome of our fiscal government during the last few years has not been to Spread contentment o'er the land," nor notably to dot it with smiling homes that had no exist , mee before, and any useless, or, worse, hurtful disbursement of public money is looked so now with all the more jealousy. The labourer is worthy of his hire, or ought to be, and we suppose nobody will successfully ob- jet t to paying the Parliamentary represen- in five for his time and travelling expenses, but why he should be paid half his time for doing nothing it is hard to see. It may be objected that if he were paid while in session only be would be tempted to spin out the business in order to increase his periodical bequeathed we do not attach any importance to that objection. Such a game would not be likely to pay electorally, for a name of that sort would be found out, and if the House generally did such scheming, why, then, the remedy would be short and sharp, in the form of a loud demand for abolition of all remuneration. I (FROM THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER.) a As to the passing of Mr. Casey's motion, We see no necessity for it We do not understand how the public can be in any worse position to form an opinion upon the question with payment of members in force for a short term than with the act repealed. Nor do we think that members of Parliament would deal with the question in a different manner, were Mr. Casey's motion carried from that in which they would deal with it if the law were left as it is. In either case a new measure must be submitted in the new Parliament in order to re-enact it, if this is considered desirable. As to the public, they will have no delicate scruples in giving effect to their opinion, whether the law is in exist-' eh ce or not. it is well, however, that the subject should be fully discussed, and we are glad that the opportunity for discussing it will be afforded. (FROM THE CLUNES O BARDI AN. ) ! Whilst, however, entirely opposed to the abolition of payment of members, we think its operation could be much improved, and that it ought to be placed on a very different basis. Members should be paid for work actually done in the same way as directors of public companies, and not paid whether they attend to or neglect their Parliamentary duties ; neither should a member be allowed to leave the colony with his seat in his pocket, and draw his salary as regularly as though he were attending to the interests of his constituents and the public. There is no question that these abuses should be swept away, but with this proviso, the public should jealously maintain payment of members, or they will bitterly regret its abolition when the late. j (FROM THE KILMORE ADVERTISER ) The motion being tabled, appears to us the val y best guarantee of payment of members being continued for we presume when it is rejected, which we look upon as a foregone conclusion, the imposture will be continued during the whole of next Parliament, whether the electors are averse to it or not this is to be regretted, because we are satisfied that if payment of members were made a test question at a general election, no candidate who was in favour of it would have a ghost of a show, because during its term of probation which unfortunately has been too long it has proved a miserable failure in every respect. (FROM THE ARARAT ADVERTISER.) Comparing the present, House and those preceding it since the payments began, all must fail to recognise any improvement, but rather a very disheartening decadence, not only in the social status of the members, but in the intellectual ability displayed in debate and statesmanship; and this is the true test Charges of bribery and corruption may be hurled against associations of that period, but who would not prefer having, Parliament as it then was to 'be miserable twirled boy quarrels and imbecile bickerings which now characterise the i recordings of the people's chamber. Payment of members have been fairly and fully try. it, and by what standard is its success or failure to be judged if not by this 1 It was introduced and passed as a tentative measure. The experiment has been made, and the experience of last session and of the beginning of this gives the answer. (FROM THE MARYBOROUGH STANDARD.) -TO SHLîïÎSÎî. the beau ideal of a member tegrity, independent means, and on intuitive. perception of the country's wants. The difficulty is to get these qualities combined in one person. The first and third of these qualifications no human power can give ; the second it may. If £300 per annum will render a member of Parliament independent, don't let us lose such a valuable quality for so paltry a sum. Whether it will or no we do not say, but prefer that public opinion, if it is not too apathetic to do so, should pronounce its verdict. 1 (from the Wagga Wagga express ) However much opinion may be divided upon the subject (of the abolition of payment of members in the Victorian Assembly, it is certain that those who are outside that haven of rest are unanimously opposed to it The proportion of electors who believe in it can be counted as those who consider that they were especially designed by Providence for legislators, and who hope one day to participate in the good things which a generous country showers down so impartially. With- out even dreaming of anything so absurd as to claim an immaculate Assembly for New South Wales, it can fairly be said that if Victoria is supposed to have improved her legislators within the time of her payment of members' experiment, the previous elements of the House must have been alarmingly crude. It was claimed for payment of members (and this was the only argument advanced by its supporters) that its introduc- tion would enable men of intelligence, but small means, to take part in legislation. We do not think this has been proved by the experience of the sister colony. Pay- ment of members opens the door to corrup- tion, and undisguised blackguardism, of which this colony can produce an excellent sample, is better than that (FROM THE RIVERINE HERALD.) We much doubt if it can be proved that the experiment of paying representatives can be said to have failed. . ... It seems indispensable to the public safety that provision should be made for the payment of the ex peDBeB at least of the class of intelligent, active, and reliable men who, is guaranteed against pecuniary loss, would be able to do good service to the public. It is alleged by the abolitionists that the Assembly in particular has not improved in efficiency or patriotism since the payment of members became law. There is no evidence of this that we can see. The M'Keans and Gauneons always managed to obtain seats in the colonial Legislature just as Kenealy and men of that stamp do in England. We have no proof that the Legislature has deteriorated in character since members were paid for their services. If the Legislature is to be packed with wealthy men exclusively, it is not difficult to see that the legislation will be of a purely one-sided character. Poymontof members, or at least the New Zealand system of paying for the time actually employed, and the money actually spent, seems the only plan to secure the services of a fair number of men who will be outspoken and fearless in their advocacy of the public interests. 