JUratsmente. THE FAKIB OF OOLU.-On Monday evening, December 18, Sr. SQvester presented his fourth change of programme. The attendance was below ihe average, but the Hinging and acting of Mr. and Mrs. T. Smpson, the impersonations of Miss Daisy Silvester, the ringing of Madame Silvester, and the aimiring utterances of the educated lion "Leo" were well received, A new ghost sensation entitled "Christmas Belle" was produced, which, though rather Im probable as to plot, served to introduce among ethers spectres of the The Demon Avarice, Father Christmas, a good angel, and a couple of death scenes. The shadow effects were well managed, and the whole affair may emphatically be said to be a most successful one. The pro gramme concluded with the fairy fountain, whose ever-changing hues is a source of gratifi cation to all spectators. The fountain was play ing in the early part of the evening, and had the effect of considerably lowering the tempera ture of the theatre. A rather limited but appreciative audience attended at the Royal on Tuesday night, December 19, to laugh at the jokes of the Fakir ef Oolu and be mystified by his clever illusions. Some of the conundrums so gravely and growlingly propounded by the sen tentious Leo were very amusing, and two espe cially good ones were the solemn queries-" Why is the Fakir of Oolu a cruel, hard-hearted man?" " Because he leaves his daughter without support;" and "What is the difference between the Prince of Wales and the fairy fountain?" "One is heir to the throne and the other is thrown to the air." Madame Silvester sang " Scenes that are brightest" very sweetly, and Mrs. Empson's singing secured an encore. BAILEE'S MAMMOTH Cmcus.-The following particulars concerning Messrs. Cooper & Baileys' Circus and Menagerie are from the Sydney Morning Herald of November 7:-"The Pacific mail-steamer Dity of Sydney, which arrived yes terday morning from San Francisco, has brought over from America the largest combination circus and menagerie that has yet visited this colony. To give an idea of the strength of the company it may be stated that the troupe numbers about sixty, comprising Mr. Bobinson, the reputed champion rider of the world, the Satsuma Royal Troupe of Japanese, and several ladies and gentlemen of great skill in the various parts of the entertainment in which they per form. There are also fifteen horses, six ele phants, five dromedaries, one camel, two lions, one lioness and three cubs about six weeks old, a pair of tigers, a gazelle, two wart hogs, two sea lions, a young hippopotamus, a cinnamon-brown bear from the Rocky Mountains, one sacred bull of India, one cameleopard standing 16 feet in height, and a colony of about twenty monkeys, including a pig-tailed ape and a dog-faced baboon. There are a few other animals. The proprietary were obliged when shipping the animals to leave one elephant in America, there not being room for it to stand 'tween decks on board the steamer, it being IS feet 6 inches in height. ILe largest elephant brought over stands about 12 feet. Due regard was had to the comfort of the animals during their ocean voyage, and we are glad to learn that ao serious lest has been incurred more than the deaths of a couple of monkeys and a pony. The lions and timers have been trained by Professor G. W. Thompson, who has taught them a number of tricks. The hippopotamus is a young animal, being only about fifteen months old, its original habitat being the Nile. It is some five and a half feet in length, and about two feet ax inches in height." 