POETRY. A FORSAKEN GARDEN. In a coign of the cliff between lowland and highland,. At the sea-down's edge botween windward and lee, Walled round with rooks ns an inland island, ' The ghoBt of a garden lronts the sea. A girdle of brushwood and thorn incloses Tho'stecp square elope of tbo blossomless bed Whero tbo weeds that grow green from tho graves of its roses Now lie'dead. The fields fall southward, abrupt and broken. To the low last edge of tbe long lone land. If a step should sound or a word be spokoo, Would a ghost not rise at tbo strange guest's hand ? So long have the gray bare walks lain guestless, Through branch-s and briers if a man make way/ Tbo dense hard passage is blind and stifled That crawls by a track none turn to climb ' .., ; In tbe strait waste place that tbe years have rifled Of all bnt the thorns that are touched not of time.; The thorns be spares when tho rose is taken: • '' Tbe rocks are left when he wastes the plain, r , The wind that wanders, the weeds wind-shaken, 'These remain. Not a flower to be prest of the foot that falls not r. , | As the heart of a dead man tho seed plots are dry i i From the thickest of thorns whence tho nightingale i call not, ' Conld she call, there were novcr a rose to reply. - Over tbe meadows that blossom and wither Rings but the note of a sea-bird's song; - Only the sun and the rain come hither ' All year long. l'< ^ Tho sun burns sere and the rain dishevels One gaunt, bleak blossom of scentless breath. Only the wind here hovers and revels In n round whoro lifo seems barrenas death.' Here there was laughing of .old, there was weeping. Haply, of lovers none ever will know, TThuse eyes went seaward a hundred sleeping ' Yenrsago. ■ the 8 , For the foam-flowers endure when the rose-blossoms 1 wither, - ; , • •• .■ And men that love lightly may die—but we ?" And tho same wind song and tho same waves whitj ened, - • And or ever the garden's last petals were shod, ' . In the lips that , had whispered/ the eyes that-hod lightened, . , Love was dead. Or they loved their life through, and then went thither ? And were one to the end—but what end who knows?. Love deep as the sea as a rose must wither. As the rose-red seaweed that mocks the rose. Shall the dead take thought for. the- dead to'love them P "What lovo was ever as deep as a grave? They are loveless now as the grass abovo them Or the wave. All arc at one now, roses add lovers, Not known to the cliff, and the fields, and the sea. Not a .breath of tbo time that has been hovers la the air now soft with a summer to bpfIi Not a breath shall there sweeten the seasons'hereafter Of the flowers or tbo lovers that laugh now or weep. When us they that are free now of wcepiug and laughter r Wo ihall sleep. Here death may deal not again for ever; Hero change may come not till all change end. From the graves they have made they shall rise up • never, Who havo left noucht living to ravage and rend. Earth, stones, and thorns of tho wild ground gmwing, Whilo tho sun and the rain live, these shall be: TiU a last wind's breath upon oil these.blowing a . Boll the sco. Till the slow sea rlao and the sheer cliff crumble,' ". ■ Till terrace and meadow the deep gulfs drink,. ' • ; Till the strength of the vrtives of the high tides humble' The fields that lessen, tbe rooks that shrink, •" • ' ; Here now in bis triumph whore all things falter, - . Stretched out on the spoils that his; own band spread, As a god self-slain on his own strange altar, —Swinborne. in the Athenaum. 