Topics. WE are not without hope that,"despite the little encouragement they have given to the people of Moonta respecting a water-supply, the Government have it in contemplation to commence their preparations for giving effect to one of the many projects that they have had under consideration. It is not at all unlikely that the Bald Ilill scheme will commend itself to them as the most feasible plan for supplying Moonta; but the cost will probably be such as to involve an annual interest of at least £2.400, whilst the •working expenses would resell say £600. and wear and tenr, and a host of incidentals another £1000, or say a total of £4000 per annum. If a supply is furnished the Moonta district must be prepared to take water to that extent at the least; and perliaps it might be roughly calculated that the charge would be similar to that now paid at Port Augusta, 20s. per thousand gallons. It has been suggested that Kadina might with ease prrcure a supply from a gathering ground and reservoir on the elevated land lying some distance nearer to that town and to the north of the Bald Hill; and further that Wallaroo could avail itself of more local sites than either. Since the foregoing was penned Mr. W. Ey's report has been published, the substance of which we gave in our last issue ; and to which we direct the attention of those interested. There is one thing very evident that concurrently with the adoption of any water service there will of necessity be the question of drainage to meet; and that in itself is a matter of the very greatest importance. THE Green's Plains people appear to have made out a very good case for the assistance of the Government in the matter of a water supply. As a community they have not participated largely in Government grants, and they have done a considerable amount of work in tank- forming ; so that they may fairly look for a little help under the circumstances detailed at last week's meeting, and especially remembering that the highroad from the agricultural districts surrounding Clare pass through the Plain. The proposal to ask for £1000 does not appear at all unreasonable, and we hope their requests will meet with attention at the hands of the Government. It is a very serious thing for any farmer to have (aa Mr. Reid mentioned was his own case) to pay £18 per week for water. SECTION No. 413, Hundred of Clinton, has been withdrawn from sale for watersupply purposes. WALLAROO COURT of full and limited jurisdiction falling to be held on the 1st of January, will be held on Tuesday, Jan. 2. WE are requested to draw attention to the fact that a Temperance Meeting will be held at 'the Cross Roads Primitive Methodist Church, on Saturday evening next. The Rev. Mr. Senior will preside. MR- BRANDMAIR who has been exhibit- ing his steroscopic views in Moonta. during the past week will open his exhibition at Kadina to-day. It is well worth seeing and we hope it will be well pationised. FOR Mineral Claim No. 1)811, Hundred of Wallaroo, held by C. J, Coates, the lease was liable to forfeiture on the 17th December. The Ilhondda Mining Company have renewed tbeir lease of property No. 10, of Oladdie Head Station. TENDERS.—The tender of Mr. R. Retchford for clearing portion of the Kalkaburr and Km para Road has been accepted at £87 3d., and that of Mr. G. Hannaford for clearing roads in the Hundreds of Dalrmple and Minlacowie at £85. AT the meeting of the Marine Board, held on Wednesday last a letter was read from the Harbor Master of Moonta, calling attention to the dangerous practice of constantly discharging large quantites of gunpowder from vessels in harbor. The Board decided to make a by-law to meet the case. A BAZAAR in aid of All Saints Church Moonta, will he held in the Institute Hall, on Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday of the present week. The ladies in connection with the above Church have been busily workinir for some time past and have spared no effort to make the bazaar a success. We sincerely wish their most sanguine hopes may be realized. CRICKET.—A meeting for the purpose of taking into consideration the advisability of establishing a Cricket Club at Cross Roads was held on Saturday afternoon, when there was a fair attendance. After some discussion it was resolved that a club be formed. Mr. Martin Bennett received the appointment of Secretary, and a Captain was likewise elected. We understand the Club plays its opening match on New Year's Day. TRAVELLERS between Kalkabury and Moonta on Thursday last inform us that they saw numbers of parrots beneath the trees that had fallen dead from the effects of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of covered waterholes and tanks ; and the smaller kinds with a strong instinct of self-preservation, crept into holes in the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense heat of the sun. In and around Moonta also the feathered tribe suffered severely, scores of domestic, fowls having yielded up the ghost dnring the hot weather that we had on Thursday and Friday last. ON Friday, the third day of the intense heat with which the northern part of the Peninsula was visited last w T eek, there were one hundred and seventy casks of water sold from the Moonta Tanks. On that day we personally inspected the tanks, ascertained the quantity of water then on hand (over 500,000 gallons), and tested its quality. The latter proved excellent, and fully evidenced the possibility of procuring a good and wholesome water-supply from enclosed sites selected in suitable situations. The general stock in the district is we fear getting low, and the demands now made upon the reserves by the residents in the surrounding districts of Kalkabury, Penang, and Green's Plains are so great that it is questionable whether the 500,000 gallons will last very long. It is most fortunate that these supplies were in existence, or ere this there would have been necessity for importing from Port Adelaide. THE LAND QUESTION—Our temperate and well-conducted contemporary, the Kapunda Jlr.rald, advocating the leasing of public lands in lieu of alienation says:— When the whole of the Crown lands are alienated, how will the national revenue be derived? It must be by taxation. And in the meantime the large holders of land will without any effort of their own^-from the natural increase in the value of land—have become disgustingly rich at the expense of the rest of the community. It may seem late in the day to advocate the leasing system here, because already some 5,000,000 acres have been alienated which would need to be repurchased. But in South Australia proper there still remains upwards of 235.000,000 acres of unaliented land, and although much of this is worthless for want of water the proportion of unsold land is yet large as compared with that alienated. These 5000,000 acres of alienated land will doubtless have cost the purchasers £10,000,000, though little more than half that amount may have gone into the Government Treasuary. If the leasing system bad been adopted the greater part of this amount would have been available to the purchasers as working capital, enabling them to carry on operations on a large scale, whilst the country would have had the advantage of a continually increasing revenue from the land without actually selling it. CORONERS' JCTEIES.—On and after the 1st of January a fee of 5s. will be allowed to those who serve as jurors at Coroners' inquests. PCBLTC HOLIDAYS.—Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, December 25, 26, and 27th, and Monday, January 1st, are gazetted holidays at the Government Offices. THE premises, hitherto known as the Halifax, street Flour Mill and Brewery in Adelaide, are to be converted into a tobacco factory. ELIZABETH HAMMATT wife of John Hammatt of Sunbury, was killed on the 13th by a 400 gallon tank full of water falling on her from out of a dray. Mr. OTIALLORAN succeeds Mr. McCulIagh as Stipendiary Magistrate at Port Pirie, the latter leaving for his appointment to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Laurie, of Port Elliot. SUNSTROKE.—A man named Taylor, a butcher, was sunstruck at Munoora on the 14 th inst. He fell from his cart and broke his collar bone, besides getting very much bruised. MINERAL LEASES.—The Gazette 'gives notice that the following renatls ^become due in the first quarter of 1877 :—Hughes and Elder £80, ditto £10, ditto £19 7s. 6d, ditto £2 7s. 6d ; Nottle £10 ; Devon Consols £50; Kooroona £9 17s. 6d. Great Britain £10 15s; Wheal Goyder £3 2s. 6d. DISCHARGE OF WORKMEN.—We understand that the Clare District Council has decided to discharge all its workmen, as the Council's funds will not admit of their being kept on. Such a statement sounds rather strange, but we believe it is true nevertheless.—Northern Agus. RAILWAY ACCIDENT A fearful accident on the Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Railroad occurred on October 30. on Lehigh Summit, on Pocano Mountain, 20 miles from Scranton. The regular train to New York and Philadelphia, consistingof 17 passenger coaches, had about 1,200 passengers on board. The train was about two hours behind time, and reaching the summit, stopped for water from the tank. While there, a heavy coal train ran into the passenger train telescoping the cars through and through, and breaking five others.—Advertiser. COPPER MONEY.—A royal proclamation, which is published in the Government Gazette as having effect in this colony, states " that in whatsoever of our colonies, plantations, possessions, and dominions there be current copper moneys of this realm, commonly called a penny, a halfpenny. a farthing, and a half-farthing, other than and except bronze moneys, such copper moneys be no longer allowed to pass or be current in any payment whatever. A DREADFUL ACCIDENT happened at the Royal China Threatre, San Francisco, on October 30th. There were about 2,000 Chinese present. Some one raised the alarm of fire, and there was a general rush for the door. The staircase gave way and the swinging doors opening to the vestibule were wreuched off and fell forward on th se who were ahead crushing several to the floor. Twenty-eieht bodies were taken up from the doorway, nineteen of which were dead, and the others seriously bruised. MINING.—We believe there is some talk in this neighborhood of making a fresh Btart at the copper deposits on the Broughton Ranges. We have heard similar reports of late, but the promoters appear to be so dilatory that w T e almost despair of anything being done. It is certainly a pity that such promising country should remain waste. A little capital and judicious management might be the means of opening a valuable copper mine in the vicinitv of Bundaleer, which would be of immense benefit to the district and to the colony as & whole.—Ibid. AT Carramore recently, a young farm laborer left his master's house in the evening, apparently for the purpose of procuring tobacco in a neighboring village. He was not again heard of till the following morning, when his employer's daughter, on entering one of the outhouses, found the deceased lying on his back, and three large pigs eating his face and head. A quart whiskybottle was found on him almost empty, and it was proved at the inquest that he had it filled the previous evening. The jury, at the inquest, returned a verdict of " alcoholic poisoning." ANOTHER frightful accident occurred at near Ararat, on Monday evening, December lltli. The locomotive of Messrs. Overend & Robb, the contractors, with some ballast and empty trucks, was proceeding at the rate of about 20 miles an hour, when the engine came into contact with a horse. The animal was not knocked clear off the line, the engine went over it. got off the rails, and was capsized. The ballast trucks, in which were a number of navvies returning from their day's work were forced over the engine and two men were killed on the spot, others being more or less mutilated. LAUNCH OF THE s. s. VICTORIAN.—The Edinbuigh Courant of October 2 says :—" A fine iron screw-steamer, named the Victorian was launched on Saturday September 30, from the shipbuilding yard of Messrs. P. & M. Henderson, Meadowside, Partick, Glasgow. This is a sister ship to the South Australian, which was launched by the same firm about a month ago, and sailed for Australia on Saturday, and is of similar dimensions: Both vessels were built to the order of Captain Alexander McCoy, for the Adelaide Steamship Compmy, and are designed expressly for the colonial trade between the ports of Adelaide and Melbourne. EMIGRATION FROM PLYMOUTH - The Western Morning News of October 9, pub- lishes the following - “The Elder Line ship Robert Lees, 1,199 tons register, Captain John Rose, from London, with a general cargo for Adelaide, was towed to sea on Saturday from Plymoth Sound, where she had embarked Government emigrants, composed of 66 married couples, 101 single men, 69 single women, 53 boys, 42 girls, and 19 infants, making a toial of 416 souls, equal to 349J statute adults. She was despatched by Messrs. W. T. Weekes & Co., the agents for the owners. The Rev. James Bickford, Weslevan minister, formerly of Adelaide,visited the depot, and after inspecting the buildings under the guidance of Mr. Watson, the superintendent of the institution, held a semi-religious service. The Rev. geutleman's address consisted of a description of South Australia ; of cautionary advices as to their conduct toward each other on board ; and the steps necessary to be taken for securing employmeut after arriving in the colony. He gave the names of the respective ministers in Adelaide, and advised them to connect themselves with the churches they had belonged to in this country immediately on their arrival. At the close of the service several of the emigrants applied for the names of the Adelaide ministers and recommendations to them,which was readily given. On Mr. Bickford's recommendation Mr. John Jgrvis, of Kingsbridge, who for many years fyas been a Sunday-school teacher and lay preacher, was appointed schoolmaster and chaplin for the voyage. A tolerably good supply of Sankey and Moody's hymns and coDies of the Scriptures have been placed on board for the use of the emigrants. Captain Rose has promised his best efforts to piake Mr. Jarvis's duties as convenient and as agreeable as possible. Thecreyr J of the Robert Lees number 42, making in all I 458 souls on board." t OURSELVES AS OTHEBS BEE US .The Editor of the Kapunda Herald writes as follows respecting; this recent visit of the Ministry to the district: —" The party was conveyed to Moonta Bay, where a jetty of 1.300 feet gives at its extreme end a depth of seven feet only. It has been proposed to add 500 feet to this, but many of the Moor.ta people object to this on two grounds—that the jetty in the first instance ought to have been constructed not at Moonta Bay, but at Port Hughes ; and secondly, because 500 feet of jetty constructed at Por t Hughes would give a depth of 12 feet, whereas that length added to the present jetty would give but eleven feet. Of course there are objections to the proposed change, as some persons paid high prices for land at Moonta Bay on the faith, that this should be the Port, but against this it is argued that the Government township is at Port Hughes, that all the Government officials recommended that as the site of the jetty, and that it was placed at Moonta Bay solely through private influence being brought to bear on the then Government. This was our first visit to the Peninmla, and it was impossible not to be impressed with the benefit which the working of such mineral properties as the principal mines here confer on the colony at large, apart from the gain to the individual proprietors, by bringing together and providing the means of livelihood for so large a population in a district which but for the discoveries of Mr. Hughes, and others would still have merely served the purpose of pastoral country. Glancing at the towns in the order visited we might mention that Wallaroo has nothing in the way of beauty to recommend it to the eye. Were it not for the bay it would be dreary in the extreme. The buildings are scattered and not at all of a high class—even the National Bank, the only banking iustitution in the place, having a very inferior office. Smelting Works, though they directly and indirectly lead to the employment of so many persons, are by no means picturesque objects there is no beauty about them thatone should desire them; indeed, there great furnaces emitting an unbearable heat, and the sulphurous fumes with which the reduction of the ores impregnates the air—whilst highly desirable from a utilitarian point of view— are very unpleasant to those who love beauty and pure air. The Bay, however, largely compensates for any disadvantage of this kind, not only promoting the health of the townspeople and affording them means of pleasant exercise, but is also invaluable to the trade of the town, inasmuch as there is deep water almost to the 6hore. The jetty is but a short one, and yet such steamers as the South Australian and the large coal ships which bring fuel from Newcastle and take ore hence find ample depth of water alongside. The population of Wallaroo is a little over 8,000. Moonta was the next place visited. It has as it were two townships the one that on mine property, and the other the town proper. It posse^es several large chapels, shops, and hotels, but the Institute is a poor affair. The Council of Education have commenced to erect a large school. Many of the streets are long and well made, and the shops large, and in seme instances handsome. This town has the advantage of not being far distant from the sea, Moonta Bay being about miles distant; but, though the Bay will always be a popular place of resort for visitors and for the erection of private residences, for the reasons already named we don't think it likely to ever become a place of great commercial importance, the water being far too shallow. The population of Moonta is 12,000. Kadina was the third town visited, and both as regards the substantiality and elegance of its buildings and its general surroundings is certainly the best of the three. It ia nearer the agricultural settlements, and is Bomewhat the senior of Moonta, but being farther inland it is said for rations reasons not to be, so desirable a place of residence ; and, as in the other Peninsula townships, the number of places of worship and the public houses at once attracts the notice of visitors. The population of this town is about 8.000. GOLD ! GOLD 1—We were shown yesterday two very nice little specimers of the precious metal, which were brought to our office by Mr. Ilayman, from Echunga. Mr. Hayman informs us that they were found at Sail or's Gully, about 4 miles from Echunga, at a depth of about 15 feet. The flaim is b^ing worked by three enterprising diggers, who are making the place pay well, their average washings resulting iii about three to four dwts. to the tuh. The specimens brought here show gold that seems to be pure, needing no refining ; and if much like it is to be found at Sailor's Gully, we have no doubt but that a large number of gold-seekers will soon find their way there. —Sontherti Argus, D ecember 14th. 