THE ROYAL MARIONETTES For some time past the promised visit to Launceston of the Royal Marionettes has created xnncli interest; the flattering notices passed on them by the Press, their recent successful season in Hobart Town, and the glowing accounts given by those who had already witnessed their performance, all combining to excite the public curiosity very strongly. Under these circumstances it may easily he imagined that the audience which greeted their first appearance at the Theatre on Monday evening was a large one, the pit and gallery being full and the dress circle well patronised. The large area of stage room required for the successful exhibition of the Marionettes is a drawback to their appearance in many towns, and the Theatre had to undergo a good deal of alteration before it met requirements, and admitted of the extensive scenery and appliances of the company being fitted up. The manager has, however, made a thorough renovation of the whule of the inside, which it much needed, and as an instance of the taste shown we may mention that throughout the evening a little fountain, filled with perfume, played incessantly in front of the dress circle—a novelty never introduced in that theatre before. The scenery of the troupe is well painted and the stage mechanism worked most smoothly, the transformation scenes being something marvellous, while the performance of the Marionettes would make the fortune of any professionals who could go through the same programme in a similar style. The entertainment opened with the Christy Minstrel performance, given by seven "darkies" in the orthodox evening costume. The singing, talking, and music is all supplied by persons behind the scenes, but the figures go through all the necessary motions of playing their instruments, moving their eyes, mouths, heads, and limbs in a startling manner. The witticisms and local hits of Tambo and Bones are well given, and their dancing must be seen to be realised. The songs and choruses are given with good effect by a number of welltrained voices, and the figures bow their thanks for the hearty applause given in a most ludicrous manner. Following these came the |cotnic Fantoccini, comprising a balancer who lying on his back, tossed a cylinder about, a Chinese juggler, with cups and balls, a man who came on without a head, but when he was tired and sat down his head came out from his chest and went back again when he got up, winding up by the production of three heads from the same receptacle. Then came a piece of wonderful mechanism, in which a dancer dropped his head, arms, and lfegs successively, all of which turned into littlejfigures, and danced round the trunk, which turning a somersault came down as "Old Mother Shipton." Pete and Barney, the two performing mules, next came in, and two country yokels who tried to ride them and nearly got kicked to death in the attempt. Three dancing Chinese bellriugers closed this part of the programme, and the pantomime of Little Red Riding Hood began. The story is somewhat different from the nursery tale, introducing a great number of characters. The opening scenes, somewhere in the infernal regions, amid gorgeous scenes lit by changing colored lires, where three demons plot to seize Red Hiding Hood, were excellent, and the fairy bower scene, where she receives the magic hood from the fairy queen, drew forth loud and long-continued plaudits. After introducing many good scenes the wicked wolf gets shot and Red Riding Hood saved, and then the fun and frolic of the pantomine commenced. This was the gem of the evening, and kept every one in roars of laughter. It was impossible to keep a serious face at the antics and fun of clown and pantaloon, when they stole the sausages, were chased by the policeman, who got pinned by a bull terrier ; when they went up in a stray balloon tbey found, which burst when about a mile up and let them down rather hard ; followed by their adventures on horseback, their search after lodgings, their experience in them after taking the rooms occupied by a ghost, thair ride in a donkey cart, and subsequent mishaps, being tossed by a bull and kicked by a jackass, etc., etc. The harlequin and columbine were good in their parts, but we have not space to ńve a full account of the whole programme, and can only advise everyone to see it for themselves. The closing transformation scenes commanded breathless admiration. They are styled " The Palace of DewdropB in the Grotto of Stnlacta," and how they are managed is simply marvellous. The gorgeous scenes unfolding each minute, the ever-changing many-hued lights, and the S p -îl t of the ev er-falling dewdrops, closing with the appearance of the Fairy Queen in a sea Bhell drawn by swans, all make up a tableau of bewildering beauty and deserving of the highest praise. The second of these incomparable entertainments took place on Tuesday evening at the Theatre Royal, before a numerous and fashionable audience, the dress circle being well filled, as aso the upper boxes, whilst the pit was crowded. The recent alterations effected m the interior of the building ft'fy to the general comtort, which we understand, ia especially realised m the pit, the ventilation there being greatly improved, and the sliding door found to answer admirably for the purpose of exit. The Christy Minstrels, in nigger melodies, songs, dances, jokes, and "breakdowns," by full band and chorus of "Automatique," constituted the first part of the performance, the singing of Tenor Joe, Black Dan, Dandy Jim, Brudder Tambo, and the other fulldressed figures, being so apparently realistic as to delude the listeners with the idea that they are human beings, instead of automata ; and so perfect IB the manipulation that the response to the applause with which they are greeted is natural, and, under the circumstances, simply astonishing. After the Italian Fantoccini, with the other intermediate comic and mechanical effects, came the pantomime of Little Red Riding Hood, the most attractive and certainly the most gorgeous, comical, and wonderful part of the programme. The dancing of the six fairies was perfection, so naturally were the movements regulated that for the nonce one could scarcely believe the fairies were inanimate. The drolleries of the clown and the "old un," as pantaloon is called, helped to maintain the cachinnatory sensation, which was participated in by juvenile and adult irresistibly throughout this part of the performance. The double-headed donkey, the ferocious bull, the wolf in man's attire, and the minutiae of mechanism introduced, demonstrate the ingenuity of the artistes, and elicit thorough appreciation by the spell-bound auditory. The rapid manner in which the changes of scenery are produced, and the cleanness of all the stage movements and effects, not a single hitch occurring in the various difficult operations of the pantomime, all demand approving comment. The transformation scenes are what they have been over and over again described by the contemporary press, truly wonderful, the closing one in particular must be seen to be appreciated. The lime-light apparatus must have been in good working order, and the various shades of light were reflected most successfully, the superb effects of which culminated in "The Palace of Dew-Drops in the Grotto of Stalacta," the most magnificent work of art, we should think, that was ever exhibited on a Launceston stage. The audience, as on the previous night, retired highly delighted, everything having gone off most smoothly and no time having been lost in wearisome intermissions—a peculiarity in this entertainment worthy of note. A matinee was to have been given Wednesday afternoon, but owing to the unfavorable state of the weather, and the inconvenient hour — two o'clock—the attendance was not good, and no matinee took place. There is to be a matinee on Saturday, at two o'clock, and it may be as well to intimate, to prevent disappointment, that the entertainment will not be given in the country districts, and the only opportunity of witnessing it will be in Launceston. On Wednesday there was only a moderate audience, though the performance was as carefully carried through as usual and merited a much better attendance. "We must, however, point out a defect which mars many of the choruses. One voice, that which sings " Give me a penny," is too prominent in the choruses, and overbears the other vocalists. For instance, the solo parts of " Beautiful isle of the sea" were carefully rendered, and with excellent effect, but that effect was quite spoiled by the chorus to each verse through the fanlt we have mentioned, and we trust it will be remedied. The Royal Marionettes appear for this week only, and as they leave by the Derwent on Tuesday for Melbourne, we advise those who have not yet seen them to do so without delay. 