Telegraphic. REUTER'S TELEGRAMS TO ASSOCIATED PRESS. -(BX-SUBMARWE TELEGRAPH:) '-?'?'?-, England; \-- THE WOOL SALES. London, November 3. The wool soles opened yesterday, 170 000 bales being catalogued. ? ? Upwards of 7000 bales were offered last evening, Cape of Good Hope wools preponderating " The attendance of both home and fore- buyers was large, and the biddings commenced with great spirit, prices realised showing an average advance of a halfpenny per lb. a '? * Gympie. . [from our own correspondent.] November 14. The remains found in the Hibernian sha' Two-mile, are supposed to be those of an old gentleman named Buss, who wandered away from Gympie six months since. A crushing of 53 tons of quartz from the north Rise and Shine claim, Kilkivan, has yielded 350 ounces of retorted gold. Seventy tons from No. 1 north New Zealand have crushed 100 ounces gold. 176 tons from the Smithfield Extended have produced 184 ounces of retorted gold. The weather is close and sultry and there was a thunderstorm last night. Rockhampton. [from our own correspondent.] November 15. Peninsula Station, Port Curtis district, was sold yesterday, by Messrs. Macdermott Brothers to Mr. James Hutton of Raspberry Creek, at the rate of 30s. for the cattle and £7 for the horses. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] November 15. Two men named Pringle and Frazer, supposed convicts, were arrested last night, and remanded to-day, on the charge of house-breaking. A drayman named Gallagher was killed at Messrs. Gilchrist and Watt's yesterday, by a quantity of goods falling on him, through the breaking of a chain. The trial of Vaughan and Porter, for burglaries, has commenced at the Criminal Court. At Gundagai an old man, eighty years of age, has died suddenly. The sum of £270 was found in his bed underneath his body. Arrived : Brucklay Castle, ship, from London. Later. Vaughan and Porter have been found guilty on two charges of burglary, but sentence is deferred, pending the hearing of the other cases. At the wool sales held to-day by Mort and Co., the first of the season, 1400 bales were sold for fleece, 14d. to 19d. per lb. was obtained, and greasy sold from 7d. to 10d. per lb.; sheepskins, up to 6d. Melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] November 15. In the Legislative Assembly, the clause in the Publicans' Bill, providing for grocers' licenses has been struck out. Gordon, the cook of the Duchess of Edinburgh, ship, has been fatally stabbed by a sea- man of the same vessel, during a trifling dispute in the galley. In a communication to the Government, Mr. Audley Coote has suggested a duplicate cable by way of Normanton, terminating at Singapore, Rangoon, or False Point. Mark Lyons, charged on suspicion with the robbery of diamonds at the Cape of Good Hope, has been discharged from custody. Messrs. R Goldsbrough and Co. report that they have sold during the week over 400 bales of greasy wool, which has realised from 6d. to 12d.; fleece sold at 14d. up to 23d., the latter price being obtained for fifty bales of Wood- house brand. Competition very spirited, and prices equal to the highest rates of last season. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co., report that 31,000 sheep were yarded for the week's supply ; prices for prime wethers show no alteration on last week's rates, but others easier. They sold 4000, and also 10,000 store wethers. 870 head of cattle submitted for sale, the market opening at an advance, but closing at last week's quotations. They sold 300 store bullocks. Messrs. King and Cunningham report 880 head of cattle yarded. They sold GO of Montgomery's bullocks, at an average of £12 11s. 6d., and 20 cows at £9 Os., and 84 of Borstal's bullocks at £11 3s., and also 7800 of Robertson's Toganmau sheep. New Zealand. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PREss.] Wellington, November 15. The Arawak, s., on the passage from Melbourne > encountered a fearful gale on the 13th instant. Several heavy seas were shipped, which carried away a portion of the bulwarks and stove in three racing gigs. A magisterial enquiry was held yesterday, at the City Police Court, before Mr. W. H. Day into the circumstances attending the death of one Mary Jones, who was found drowned on Tuesday last John M'Coll, in whose employ deceased was, deposed that on Friday last, from something a fellow-servant of deceased's told him, he went to the police, and gave information, that the girl was missing, and that she had threatened to drown herself; she, however, returned at about one o'clock in the morning; the next day (Saturday) witness remonstrated with her, and two or three constables also spoke to her, and all that day she was kept inside; on the following morning witness got up about five o'clock, for the purpose of going to the German Station, and saw deceased come down stairs and put on her boots, which led him (witness) to believe she was going about her usual business ; a little before six o'clock, not seeing her at her work, his suspicions were aroused, and he went and gave information to the police; on Tuesday last he went to the morgue with senior-constable Brown, and there saw the body of a girl which he identified as that of the girl Mary Jones. Believed that the parents of the girl were living in Mackay. Annie Buck back, a fellow-servant of the deceased's at last witness' place, deposed that on Thursday last deceased told her (witness) that she had received a letter from her sweetheart, and she said she would drown herself; next day she repeated the throat and left the house, but returned again about one o'olock in the morning; the following day she appeared all right, but the next day (Sunday) she got up earlier than usual and left the house, and witness never saw her alive again. Senior-constable Brown deposed to finding the body, and also to the identification by Mr. McColl. He also said he saw no marks of violence on the body. The enquiry was then adjourned till Friday next. "SLATER'S Queensland Almanac" for 1877, lished by Gordon and Gotch, has just reached Without the bulk or pretensions of "Pugh's," "?? u is to our mind a standard work of great it in the almanac line, Slater's Almanac has Tm its first aPPearance been a very well come" qd and useful publication. The twelfth ritson that for 1877 is,. however, very ' prior to all previous editions, and is certain to demand a large sale. To enumerate its ss items of information respecting a colony would, be tedious, but it seen to contain and, as far as we Ce examined, does contain the following ad- sons and improvements upon previous editions. We quote from the address to sub 'bers:?" The calendar pages have been recast, and the moon's rising and setting and tide tables Sdded. Other additions to this portion of the almanac have' been Notes of the month, meteorological! observations for 1876, a diary for -the month, and the lessons for each Sunday of (' e year. A postal gazetteer has been added as a new feature ; also full particulars of the railway rates that have recently come into operation. The chronological record of the principal occurrences in the history of the colony, the summary of events, and the obituary will, it is hoped, be found of interest. The" colored map prepared at considerable expense, will, it is believed, be found an acceptable accompaniment to the almanac." Is Chambers yesterday, before his Honor Sir James Cockle, Chief Justice, in the matter of proceedings for liquidation by arrangement, or composition with creditors by Isaac Lenneberg, of Brisbane, an ex parte application by Mr. Throne, on behalf of Mr. John McMullen, against the debtor, for summons to show cause why further proceedings should not be restrained was granted, returnable on Friday next. In the Supreme Court, yesterday, in Equity before his Honor Mr. Justice Lilley, in the matter of the Companies Act of 1863, and of the Normanby Copper Mining Company, Limited, partly heard on Monday last, the Attorney-General concluded his argument yesterday. His Honor ordered that the shareholders in schedules D and E be placed on the list as fully paid up, and reserved judgment as to the remainder. At the Queensland Theatre last evening was produced Shakspeare's tragedy of "Hamlet.'' The part of Hamlet was taken by Mr. Tavares and Miss Surtees appeared as Ophelia, both of which representations were very successful. Mr. Haeder took the double responsibility of the Ghost and of Laertes, and sustained the good opinions already won by him in the minds of Brisbane audiences. The other parts were creditably sustained, and altogether a good even bgs entertainment was provided. This evening the bill will consist of " Rip Van Winkle " and the" Serious Family." The Royal Illusionists gave their second performance at the School of Arts last evening before a good house. The programme was very similar to that of the previous evening, and met with equal success. The cabinet seance was repeated, and notwithstanding the presence of two well-known citizens, who went on the stage to see fair play, Messrs. Cunard and Keller succeeded in doing very much as they pleased, as on the former occasion. This entertainment is really a very clever affair and well worth a visit, and as we learn that the prices have been reduced, no doubt the " Illusionists " will meet with a very extensive patronage. At the City Police Court yesterday, before Mr. F. Rawlins, Police Magistrate, six drunkards and one disorderly were cautioned and discharged. One person charged with drunkenness and wilful destruction of property was ordered to pay 6s., the amount of damage done. The working survey of the inlet portion of the Western Railway is rapidly approaching com- put on, and will be finished to Roma by the end of this month. Mr. Cannon, the chief of the surveying staff, has surveyed two lines into Roma, one on the north and one on the south side of the town, but although it is not yet positively known which will be chosen by the Engineer-in Chief, we have good grounds for stating that the terminus will be on the south side, near to the Centre of the town, so as to interfere with vested interests as little as possible. Mr. R. North, of the survey staff, is at present camped on the Bungil Creek ; he has completed the survey as (areas Damper Gully, about six miles from Roma. Tbeliue (as laid out now after leaving Dulacca, uses about six miles south of Bendemere station, and seven miles north of Yuleba it then runs nearly due west, crossing Wallumbilla creek, about four miles north of the head station, and crosses the main road near Ricaugiiiuey Creek, passing one mile south of Blythedale homestead. From that point to the present camp the line runs near the main road. The D. D). Gazette of Tuesday last says The Fairlie engine Governor Cairns, which recently so successfully underwent a trial over the Little Liverpool Range, was on Saturday after noon last, for the first time, made to tackle the severer test of the Main Range. A train weigh- ing 120 tons behind the engine was hauled up by it, with occasional stoppages, and arrived at the Toowoomba station on Saturday afternoon. A little more experience of the incidence of the sharper gradients and curves will be required before the engine's full powers on that section of the line can be displayed; but Mr. Royce has every confidence that the Governor Cairns will be able to bring its load up the Main Range with as much ease as it now shows in running 120 tons over the Little Liverpool. A few days prior to the engine being brought up to Toowoomba, it hauled 120 tons up the Little Liverpool, maintaining the steam pressure up to over 100 lbs. to the square inch to the top of the incline. We (D. D. Gazette) regret to have to state that the rust continues to make serious headway among the wheat crops. We learn that the fields of Messrs, Sheppard and M'Cleverty are so seriously affected that the crop is likely to be entirely destroyed. The recurrence of this plague season after season is a serious calamity, and it is to be hoped that investigations into the best means of preventing its ravages will be actively undertaken by the board appointed to enquire into diseases in plants and animals. there can be no lack of funds, as the Assembly this session placed £1500 at the disposal of the As far as that great source of present anxiety, the weather, is concerned, the past week has been (says our Roma contemporary) a case of cope deferred," &c.; Sunday last was the 'wettest day we have had this year, the glass registering 106° in the shade. In the afternoon of that day dense clouds gathered to the east "ward, and we were congratulating ourselves on the prospect of a thunderstorm that would at least clean out and replenish the tanks. Scarcely cadent rain fell, however, to lay the dust, but a violent storm of wind, blowing with almost hurricane power, passed over the town about -sunset. Heavy showers appear to have fallen near the head of the Bungil, as that creek has been running. Rain has fallen at Forest Vale Area Euthulla, but in nothing like sufficient Vantity. On Monday and Tuesday there was '"'very appearance of thunderstorms just before j;'RH't, but they passed over, and no rain fell in ["JWB, although there was evidently a heavy full of the north- east. Yesterday was also a hot day, 'the quicksilver registering 104 in the shade at noon. The road from here to about twelve miles the other side of Condamine, is almost bare of ara;-, due carriers coming up from Dalby being compelled to carry feed for their horses to bring them over the last 120 miles. The small settlers wet Cattle Creek are travelling their stock for 5445, and some of them have been heavy waters Through the courtesy of Mr. Dickens, is telegraph master, we hear that very heavy J-uimaerstwuis have fallen at Brisbane, Ipswich, '"and Toowoomba, during the past week, but there j letter no rain near any of the telegraph stn J"!" in this district. 