<£chms from tlit § n s h . BY GEOFFRY CRABTHORN. Assuredly we have a new sensation this week in ihe elevation of the Attorney- General to the post of Chief Justice, but after all I don't see that there is anything in the Ministerial move which should create any very great excitement. "Whether the old Judges should be promoted or a new one put over their heads is too abstruse a question for my non-legal mind, and if this is to be argued let those who are posted up in the law and the facts lead off and tell us what they have to say. Moreover, it is a question which nine days hence will interest about three men in the colony and no more. Why then should I trouble my head about it? If I were autocrat of the province perhaps I might cut the Gordian knot by decreeing that there should be no such thing as a Chief Justice at all that all the Judges should be equal on the liench, and walk in to dinner on State occasions according to seniority But that would be revolutionary, and meantime I take off my hat to my new Chief Justice, sincerely hoping it may never be my lot to appear before him. Indeed, if Ijnight bestow a wish upon him, which is more mannerly than it seems, it is that no one may ever take part in % civil action in his presence, or have to listen to a sentence from his lips. This sounds so much like actual ostracism—[By the way, is not the whole colony just now suffering ostra-schism by the cutting off of its oysters jj—that if the wish came true we should have to say of the Chief Justice:— " His soul was like a star and dwelt apart." But only think what a blessing it would be; for my wish implies the absolute cessation of crime and quarrelling in the land under the guidance of a more excellent "Way. As to complimenting the Attorney- General on his well-earned increase of dignity, I confess that I can only do so at secondhand, for personally we are strangers. "Wherefore I leave that to the Press, who have done it so kindly that, to borrow a phrase from their printers, it is clear they have no wish to cook their "VVay's-goose. I must confess to an irreverent smile when I picture in my mind's eye the new Chief Justice presiding between the towering forms of his two learned colleagues; but even here it'is Consoling to know not only that in future the decisions e>f the full Court will bp well Way'd, but also that according to* ihe -old "Latin jjfcoverb-the Government have tnade a wise appointment, since to put -Way in the-middle is surely to choose the £< "®ia nvedia." To which classical conundrum let me add the kindred hope that though our Way is now an Appy 'un, he will never go to Borne. As to the political prospects of the time, I could prophesy abundantly and accurately provided I had got a hint beforehand. Without this, and without the ghost of an idea who are to be the Premier's future colleagues, I. boldly hazard the prediction that now Mr. Boucaut has lost his Way, there will soon be More-gone after. The following remarkable narrative of communications with the spirit world came to hand in good time to have appeared in my last week's Echoes, had " your Geoffry been so minded, but for cogent reasons I preferred to hold it over until £ more convenient season, which Seems nov to have arrived. Merely premising that the truly astounding statements are vouched for by an Adelaide gentleman of a high order of intelligence, of good education and sound common £efis&, who has lately returned from a brief visit to the sister colony of Victoria, I now leave him to speak for himself without further comment:— AMONG THE SPIRITS. BY AH IMPARTIAL ENQUIBEB. It IB not uncommonly urged by intelligent anti-spiritualists that oae of the most convincing arguments against the genuineness of the socalled manifestations without which no spiritual stance 'is now considered complete is to be found in the lamentable trash and nonsense that the spirits utter. You call up Milton, and his poetry is on a par with an advertising tailor's. Yon summon Demosthenes, and his orations remind you of Councillor Holland. Such, I must admit, has too often been the case, and therefore it is with more than ordinary interest that I hasten to confront the sceptics with the crushing results of my experience. In doing this I shall " a plain unvarnished tale unfold," adducing thoroughly trustworthy evidence—that, in short, of my own eyes and ears—that the spirits of deceased poets do under certain favourable circum stances inspire the medium to recite verses equal in genius and beauty to any of their former earthbom compositions. .A week ago I was in Melbourse, and while there enjoyed the honour and proud privilege of being present at a series of four spiritual chances conducted by a gentleman whose genial demeanour adorns the Bar, whose house is replete with the choicest spirits, and who can distinguish blindfold between their different taps. "What I there and then saw and heard IB faithfully detailed below. FIBST EVENING. The room having been darkened, the circle was about to be formed when a strange blandly enquired whether, if spirits were wanted, a little " square" would not do as we!L For this offensive remark he was promptly expelled, together with another person who profanely laughed. We then formed the circle, the medium assumed a rigid and unearthly aspect, and very shortly our hoBt solemnly informed us that the spirits were in the room. I wondered whether we were expected to help ourselves, but thought it best to say nothing. At this juncture the medium announced "Mr. Edgar Allan Poe," much as a footman would usher in a visitor. A subdued murmur of excitement and applause was instantly checked, and the distinguished visitor, after trying a few taps upon the table, and makiDg a sound as if smacking his lips, delivered himself as follows:— EDGAB ALLAN POE. It was many and many a year ago In the Country of the Free, That a poet there lived by the name of Poe, The name that belongs to me; And this poet he lived with no other thought Than to muse when bemused with tea. Ihey said that this child was rather wild In that Country of the Free, "That I drank with a thirst that was more than thirst— But all that I drank was tea. With & thirst that the tippling fish of the ocean Openly envied me. And this was the reason that long ago, In that Country of the Free, A doctor drove to my door forbidding My favourite beverage, tea; go that my kinsmen came and took My caddy away from me, And locked it up in the chiffonier And cruelly kept the key. For enemies, not half so clever as I, Were evermore envying me— And that was the reason, as all men knew In that Country of the Free, That the doctor drove to my door one day Chiding, and hiding my favourite tea. But my thirst it was stronger by far than the lock Or the wonderful patent key— Or the cautiously-guarded key; And neither the doctors who quaff bright hock Nor the topers who drink P.B. Can ever dissever my lips from the dps Of my favourite beverage, tea. Fcr the fire sever gleams, but beside it there steams A pot of my favourite tea; And my friends where I dine never offer me wine, For I sti"k to my favourite tea. And oh, how I long, these spirits among, For a mouthful—one mouthful, hot, sugared and strong; For I never touch spirits, vou see, Though a spirit myself, tm see. SECOND EVENIW3. Only four were present besides the host and the medium. The latter I had not seen before. Be was a sentimental young man with long flowing locks and a turn-down collar very open about the throat, which was encircled by a loose scarf tied in a sailor's knot. After a few moments of suppressed excitement the medium rose and declared himself possessed by the spirit of the late Lord Byron. At first he seemed averse to speak and muttered in a sarcastic tone something whicli sounded like " D canters round the table." At this insult I felt strongly moved to punch his head, but fortunately remembered that His Lordship had taken lessons from a professed pugilist. After a long pause the noble shade favoured the circle with the appended poem:— LOED BYBON. Start not '—Although you're shocked perhaps! In me bqhold a spirit proud Who holds in scorn the senseless raps Indulged in by the common crowd. I lived, I loved, I sang, and all My life seemed one long wild romance: Yet now at each old fogey's call My spirit must attendance dance. Better to sleep obscurely far, Than knock out answere word by word To questions which it strikes me are To say the least of it absurd. Though once my fervid verses made My name renowned in distant climes; Yet now alas ! my luckless shade Must substitute rude raps for rhymes. Ask while you may! Another race Of self-deceiving dupes, may be, Some day will sit here in your place, And plague you as you bother me. THIRD EVENING. The customary circle having been formed, our host requested the medium to call upon the spirit of Tom Moore. The distinguished Irishman introduced himself with the felicitous observation, "the Moore the merrier," and broke out at once into the accompanying convivial song, in the chorus of which we felt irresistibly constrained to join. As I am no singer I resisted the impulse at first, but several raps on my head showed that this was displeasing to the spirits, and i no longer refrained. As -the song proceeded strange steaming fumes seemed to fill the air: and as the last chorus died away the whole circle sank" beneath" the table. I woke next morning with a bad headache:— \- TOM MOOBE. Stir the bowl. And, bless my soul! A lemon can't yon find me ? I've ta'en a Sight To earth to-night, And left the starsbehind me. Should it seem queer My voice to hear, And not to see my body, No danger dread, Though long since dead, Tom Moore still takes his toddy. Then stir the bowl, frc. TFEE 9i V LD T &o; I am told, Who called up ancient spirits, Drank water pure; My shade, I'm sure, A warmer welcome merits. Ah ! boys, 'tis you Enow how to do The thing in better fashion; On helpless hosts Of thirsty ghosts You meet to take compassion. Then stir the bowl, &c.; FOUBTH EVENING. A real WalpurgiB night 1 Twenty persons were present, and a whole host of distinguished spirits crowded into the room. Violent raps and other striking communications were recorded from Campbell, Horace, Hood, Dante, Molifere, Milton, and Lord Macaulay. LaSt of all and just as the stance was about to break up the following characteristic composition flowed impromptu from the medium's pen guided by the visible spirit-hand of Robert Burns:— ROBEBT BURNS. Wow! but your summons made me vauntie! And are ye hale and weel and cantie '{ I'm unco' tired wi' my bit j vuntie Up here fra Hades. Heaven send ye all as weel's I want ye, And your kind ladies. And now that ye hae got me here "Whar I hae been this auchty year Aiblins my friens ye'd like to spier, Wi' sic like questions; But did ye ken, 'twould spoil, I fear, Your guid digestions. Tak' my advice—let ghaisties be, And gie up a' your tricks so slee; Be sure the warld lost sicht o' me At Death's^ last partin'; And speerit rappin's a' my ee* And Betty Martin. Here I may fairly end my narrative, for the strict accuracy of which I solemnly pledge my word. 1 may add that I have been a teetotaller from my birth, never having either tasted or even smelt alcohol in any form, so that I can disdain sny -vulgar jokes about my having been under the influence of spirits. The magnetic effects of the circle reached their with me on the third evening, but the sensations were always of a similar character, and acute new in my experience. This in itself I "regard as a strong'proof of the actual presence of the spirits, Not being ashamed Of my testimony I openly sign myselt VERD AHT GREEN. An advertisement informs me that " a marble mason is wanted," and it is also stipulated that he must "cut letters." Now, I'm sorry to hear this. A marble mason must necessarily be a " hard" man, and vre do not want hard men in this world any more than we want "soft" ones. But worst of all is the intimation that he will have to " cut" letters. Can the advertiser be so opposed to the march of intellect as to insist that the man he engages must eschew t*vo at least of the three It's I Our Education Act is specially designed for these who have hitherto cut their letters, and this obstructive, not to say tyrannical, individual should be closely looked after. I trust the marble mason will insist on being allowed to take a " spell" now and then, and thus he may remedy the evils arising from the terms of his engagement. Besides, if his employer requires him to cut letters I altogether, how can he expect that he will ever mind his P's and Q's. 