QUID NUNC? How’s that for high, partner 1—All Fours. The good folks of Williamstown may not ns a community be overstocked with that pecu liar restless speculative, go-aheadism which ■ characterises the populations of many of the inland towns of the colony. Believing in the proverbs about “A bird in the hand” and “ A rolling stone,” they may bo contented to settle down quietly—adhering to what comes in the way—taking life and its varied inci dents easy—moving along as if they did not give the wag of a dog’s ta.I whether they are first orlast—Enjoyingnoneofthe wild, mental excitement and hopes of a life of hazardous chance and—happily for them—none of the heartache and disappointment which is too frequently the end. There is one thing, how ever, certain, that if their virtues and energies are of a mild, milky description, their vices are equally so, and I very much doubt if there is another place in the civilized world that could have a gathering like that of the Eight Hours demonstration, displaying the same amount of—almost equal—well-to-do-ness,the same hearty enjoyment, and, above all, the samesobertemperateness. Life, unfortunately, is not all beer and skittles, and as it is, it could stand improving, and be greatly en hanced by a few more Eight Hours holidays. ■\Yillinmstonians cannot be too highly compli mented for the rational and enthusiastic manner in which they celebrate the emanci pation of the weary toiler from the long soul grinding hours of labor, as they undoubtedly show that to reform bearing an individual in terest they are keenly alive, and well know how to appreciate a good thing. I hare seen a few holidays, merry makings, and races where sightseers congregate, but I never before recsived such a pleasant surprise as I did on looking at the assembled thousands in the Botanic gardens. There seemed to be a sort of uniformity in rank and dress throughout the whole multitude—a.want of the display and gorgeousuess of mushroom wealth—no gaudy show of milliner's and tailor's art, and no squalid, supplicating misery—an utter absence of the two extremes of purple and rags to be met with at every gathering and everywhere in the old world, so that the greater the concourse the greater the terrible contrast. No greater argument could be ad duced in favor of permanent and remunerative labour for the working classes—a condition that can only be attained by the establishment of industries—than the general appearance of the people at the Eight Hours’ Fftte. Out of sevoral thousands—mustering nearly one half of the population of the borough—there was not one to be found who did not look well fed, well dressed, highly respectable, well to do, and, above all, thoroughly happy and sober. Where is there another town of ten thousand souls that can send half of them to enjoy a holiday and record the same pleasing truths ? Happy Williamstown, blessed, in deed, are ye amongst the many, enjoying the calm tranquillity of prosperity accorded to so few. Highly should you prize your advantages and long may you enjoy them, always remem bering when your souls are taking their ease that others' arc striving to establish a state like that you enjoy, and that they require, not your sleepy sympathy, but jour earnest and energetic aid and support. After the doings of the Sepoys at Cawn pore and Lucknow had brought their name so terribly prominent .before the British public, poor JIrs Burlington, who made a slight mistake in the matter, used to exclaim whenever any catastrophe occurred at sea, “ Ah, them Seaboys, them Seaboys ; they’ve never done doing something. Drat ’em. they’ll be my death yet.” It seems that some of our worthies are in the same state of mind regarding our Seaboys, and are ready to pounce upon them at the ghost of a pretence. The latest attack made on the water—not sky—pilots shows that there is something wrong in their management and control, and that the justice doled out to them is some what peculiar. During the prevalence of a severe storm on the 1st of April, t;,e pilot schooner Hip—in which on a former occa sion some brave men lost their lives' endea vouring to succour the helpless—was storm bound, but succeeded, by signalling, in guid ing three crafts into shelter. Afterwards— at the instance of a person who tells some cock-and-bull story about his adventures— the pilots are snmmoned cn masse to appear before the Board ; the case is investigated, ; ami, they for once exonerated. Some had to. travel a distance, and all were put to groat inconvenience and expense, and yet iu, the ' face of all this thoy were, no,t allowed a frac, lion far Uuyt nqd mpney lost. It is monstrous that men should be compelled to submit to such one-sided, arbitrary proceedings. They find their own appliances, do not receive Government pay, and are under stringent regulations ; the Board having power to in flict severe penalties even for such niceties as hoisting a rag when they cannot see a hole through a ladder. No protection whatever is afforded them, qnd, they are compelled to undergo all sorts of inconvenience to answer the charges any old woman may trump up, and, go as it will, they are bound to lose. This may be sea justice; it sounds rather naughty-cal. Surely no regulations are so stupid as to invest a Board with such powers to punish, and prohibit it from giving scantier justice than a squatter J.P, If such, however, id tlie Case,- tlii) sooua? it feeelves power W I compel expenses to be pabl ill such cases as this, or loses the power altogether of inflict ing pain and penalty on one side, the better j for the pilots. I am sure a great deal less law and a little more justice wouldn’t draw a tear from a man of them. Ex-King Casey may have shown some favouritism in seizing on the much-wanted person of Signor Bruno, and granting him 0000—not. very choice—acres to the “ ex ceeding dolour” of the pastoral tenant. But I fancy the wire pullers in the enquiry either know very little about reclaiming the virgin bush, or have forgotten tteir former know ledge, to be so pound-o£-flcsh in their exac tion of conditions. A somewhat luckless experience in the ground-parroting business, and an acquaintance with this particular “best land in the colony,” which has fallen to Captain Bruno’s lot, leads me to think— from the report of the work done—that he is very earnest in his intentions of carrying out, as far as is reasonably possible, the con .ditions of the grant. The grubbing and clearing of 150 acres, ploughing 115 acres, putting up about three miles of post and rail fencing, and erecting large buildings of stone and wood, is a Herculean task, even for capi tal, in eight months. Few selectors, here or elsewhere, have done near the proportionate amount of labor in the time. So far there is little indeed to grumble at, and those who understand the great amount of work done will hardly help admiring the Chevalier’s perseverance. The hue and cry appears to be only a little injudicious “ straining at a gnat," or at the host a red herring drawn across the trail of a wriggling, shuffling, heel biting Minister, whose only hope of crawling through a short and ignominious existence is by distracting memory and attention from their antecedents and present incapacity. INAFOG. 