CATHEDRAL OF ST. PETER, NORTH ADELAIDE. . The completion of the present buildings of St. Peter's Cathedral, North Adelaide, was celebrated by a short service, held in the new place of worship, on Thursday afternoon, March 30. Hit Lordship the Blihop (Dr. Short) had invited by advertisement all who wen interested to attend, and there was accordingly a large gathering. The dignitaries of the Ohurch who took part in the servioe were Sis Lordship, the Vary Ear. Dean Bustell, the Tery Bev. Archdeacon Harry at, the Very Bev. Percy Dove, Archdeacon of Flinders; and the Bev. Canon Fair. There were also present the Bevs. S. Goeen, A. Honner, W. EL Mudle, T. Iteld, F. 8. Poole, H. J, Poole, W. B. Andrews, E. JenUw, and W. H. Sharpe, The gathering In eluded persons belonging to other deno. mloationr, and amongst these was His Honor the Chief Justice (Mr. a J, Way). Shortly after half-past 4 o'clock a procession, oonslstiag of His Lordship, the aarplioed clergymen, and the members from the choirs of St. Paul's Church, Christchurch, and All Saints' Church. Hindmarab, in surplices, marched up the aisle of the Cathedral to the nave, singing the 397th hymn in the collection of Ancient and Modern Hymns. When the singing was con cluded His Lordship offered the following p?yer: —Almighty and Kternal God, who in the beginning didst create all thinga visible and invisible: Thou dwellest not in te-uples made with hands, seaing Thou fillest all things, and art present everywhere; we. Thine unworthy creatures and servants, whom Thou hast per mitted to build thb house to the glory of l*hy name, are here assembled before Thee to offer up, through the medutloa of Thy Sod, Jesas Christ, our huaible praises and thanksgivings for that Thou hast prospered thus far the work of our hands upon ns. Vouchsafe to sacc^fy us more and more to Thy servioe, and grant that all they who in the faith of Thy dear Son, by whom Thou didst reconcile the world unto Thyself, gave of their substance to lay the foundation of this sanctuary, may be built upon that most holy faith ; and that through Thy grace this house may be a continual witnvsi to them and ns in our daily work of Tby redeem ing love ; helping ns to crucify tha flesh with its affections and lust, and drawing up our ?nln<l? to high and heavenly thing* ; ao that among the sundry and manifold changes d the world our hearts may surely there be fine! where true joys are to be found through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." The "To Deum." was then chanted by the choir, and the Very Bev. Dean Russell r/ad the lesson for the day, viz., I. Peter, chap. iL, first 18 vanea. The 3:oth hymn having been sung, Hii Lordship delivered the following address:— " Brethren—We are met together to offer our thanksgiving to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ for that He has permitted us to erect this sanctuary to Hi* holy name. Bat ' will God in very deed' hear from Heaven, His dwelling place, and have respect unto the prayers of *J ff*? servant* V Are not His eyes in every- place, beholding the evil and the good, 'that He may reward every man according to his works 7* *At sundry timer, and in divers manners,' He has declared Himself to man— Himself; * the sama yesterday, today, and for ever.' 'He hath showed the?, oh mir, what is good ; He hath required the* to do justice, to love mercy and walk humbly with thy Gad. 1 He has never left Himself without witness in thai 'He doeth 'good, filling our hearts with food and gladness.' He has spoken of old to His Saints—sometimes in visions, sometimes by dream, sometimes bj the still small voice, sometimes in fi%mes of fire, sometimes In 1 angelic form, and sometimes in human shape, 'fie showed His ways nafo Moral; Bis works unto Hi* children of Israel' His presence went with them, through the wilderness. He commanded a tabernacle to be made aa the dwelling place of that presence and the Glory of the Lord retted open it by night and by day. He dwelt between the cherubim on the mercy-seat of the ark". From thence proceeded, in the Temple of Solomon, the living orasLes of God, given to the High Priest In litnes of national distress. Withdrawn for a while after the captivity, the Almighty presence appeared sg?in in the living temple of Christ's body. ' Destroy this temple and ia three days I will raise it again.* And whim that temple was taken from the earth, another comforter, the Sternal Spirit, came to abide with the earth Co* ever. Kow, through the Holy Ghost, wherever two or three are gathered together in Ohrist** name, there 001, min Hb temple, is among them. 'By Hi spirit the whole body of tee Ohoreh b governed and . sanctified,' and when we are gathered together in His name, Gol Is very aear to Us, in the as* sembly of His people. Thai this place is s> wltoea for GW that He U not 'afar off,* for in * film wa lire and move and have oar betcg.' Let tids, that, be ear devout eonvie. tion, that so, in the midst of as unbelieving world, the symbol of the Gross lifted high on this Cathedral may remind e* of oar Lord's prophecy that by His cross He ' would draw all men unto Him.' Having, then, in this faith, through gnee begun this work, let at In faith carry it on to CMoptetlon A few yeata' perseverance in giving of our sabitanse for this good purpose would accomplish all that we desire. Having put our hand to the plough, let us not turn bank. The weak things of the world have often been found to confound V\n mighty. The alms of the widow were counted exceeding praefous in the eyes of the Lord. All, then, may eon tribute to the building of this sanctuary if there be but first a 'willing mind f and God stir up the hearts of the people to offer as He has prospered each one of them. Give, then, freely, give cheerfully, give as mnto the Lord and hot unto men. Hake an offering; if you will, tefore you leave tills place, or whenever, or wherever, or to whatever amount it seemeth to you good. And the Lord Almighty Mess yon, Amen." The service dosed with singing and the pronouadag of the benediction. Mr. Landergan aWy presided at the harmonium, and Mr. H. Dattoa acted as leader of the choir. An offertory was made iu aid of the funds of the Cathedral. 