A SCOTCH SERMON. Tee following is uid to have been recently delivered ia a well-known country pariah in Auld Scotland, and seeing the word " aermon" as the beading o( what follows Idonbt not bat some of yonr numerous readers will feel in clined to peruse it, and, if not a moral, at all events a {good lesson may be derived from, it by following the example of the Beneans " to search the Blessed Book, and see whether those things were so." (See Acts XVII llv.) "Ah, my friends, what causae have we for gratitude; oh, yes 1 for the deepest gratitude, ghost th'nk for a moment of the times we live in. How thankfu',.thankfn' we ahould always be that we're-no Antillnvians that lived before the flude, who all perished in the great waters, exoept Noah (who kept an ark) and his family, and, maybe, the Iaira of Macleod, who, we are told, had a boatof his own. Indeed, yes 1 And oh, my friends, what a fearsome, fear some sight was that droonin; yon nor me ean have no oonoeption of it, oh no. But this wonld be very similar s-If all our Highland hills were all bigfgit into one hill, and all our lochs and waters into one loch, now if that hill wonld fall into that loch, wonld not that make a great ploouge, my friends? Ave, would it. Welt that was shust the way that all the peoples, and the beasts, were all tum bled into that roaring flude, and all drooned, oh, yes I except Noah and his sons, and his sens wives with them, that he took into his ark, and the beasts that he put into the tither end ; and, aa I was sayin', maybe the laird himself. Oh yes, vie, all drooned I And how thankfu' we should be that we do not leeve in the cities of the plsin, that were all burnt up -every aoule that was in them; the fire and brimstone came down upon them and pat them all in a blaze-and that we do not leeve in the time of the old kings, who oppressed the peo ples, stoned the prophets, and destroyed the Lord's heritage, and then took them all to themselves ; aya, did they I-in the time of the priests of Baal, who ont themselves with the akiandhns till the blood ran down their faces ; oh, yes I-in the times of the famines and the earthquakes, and the plagues of Eiphit I oh, no no I Ah, my friends, what cansei have we for gratitude; oh yea, for the deepest gratitndel Look at the nlaoe of our habitation: how grateful should we be that we do not leave in the far north, oh no I amid the frost sod bo&w;, and the cauld, and the weet, oh no I where there is a ling day tae half o' the year, oh ye* I and a ling nicht the " tither, oh yea I that we do not depend npon the Aurauri BoroawUs, oh no I that we do not gang shivering about in skina, oh no I snook tng amang the enaw like mowdiewarta, oh no, no I And how grateful should we be that we do not leave in the far aonth, beneath the eqnawter, and a sun aye bnrnin', burnin';' where the aky*e het, oh yea I and the yearth's bet, and the waater'a net, and ye'n brant black as a emiddy, (A yet I where thereat teegcrs, andlions, and orooodilea, and fearsome beastsgrowlin'and grinin' at ye amang the' weed*, oh yet I where the very air is a lever, like the burnin' breath of a Any dragon; that we do not live in these plsoea, oh no, no, no I but that we leave in this blessed island, and in that place o' auld Scotland that looks up to the Grampians, oh yes, yea, yes 1 where there is neither, frost nor oaula, nor wind, nor weet, nor hail, nor rain, nor teegars, nor lions, nor hurricans, nor Here a tremendous blast of wind from the Qrampioni blew in the windows of the kirk and brought the preachment to an abrupt con clusion. Rither Stawliho.-"Attious," in the IITADTR, relates the following remarkable con fession It is a common complaint among olergymen that they do not receive fair play from the press ; bat I have never seen any thing in newspapers so strong as the remark! that were maae on the clerical profession by a late member of it. This gentleman, after manyyeabtnnctioal experience as a clergy man, and after having studied carefully to fit himself for the position, fonnd it impossible with satisfaction to himself to continue his oonnexion with his churoh-one of the most influential in Victoria. A friend recently Ad dressed this gentletnatL as " Reverend" when ? writing to mm,' forgetting that he had re nounoed the title for some time. An answer came to the following effect:-"Inyour last you addressed me as < Reverend.1-For Ood's sake don't insult em again. Don't you know that I have left the bosom of the holyohureh, and that I am prond of my departure ! I left the glorious mockery that fprao many years had deceived me when my eyes were opened at last to its miserable hypocrisy and mean- i ness. I lave been in the inner I sanctuary of ohurohea--know what they are i -know now religion is professed, carefully oh- j served, and made into an elegant trade; and my verdiot id sham, sham-pitiful mean, hy pocritical sham-only worthy of being swept cut to the great dunghill of creation's off* soourings with the trocte of nttercontempt." I have selected only the very mild passages from this gentleman's letter; his stronger ones I really would not like to jpubliah. But when a gentleman who bnt lately had people "sitting under him" whom he was in the habit of addressing as "beloved brethren" , writes.in this manner, could anything be too strong fornnregenerate laymen. ANOTHER Wobd anbht TH* CHAHPIOKBHIF. -" Anglo-Anstralian" in the EUROPEAN Mail of 29th September says s-'Ihe sporting fraternity do not relish - the idea of the transference o! the supremacy ci the sculling world from the Thames to the waters of 8ydney and hints are thrown ont that Triokett s victory over Sadler Was owing to the latter being in " bad form," and that had a match been made with Higgins instead of Immkden matters would have been reversed. Indeed, Land and tToCer-aays " that Triokett returns to Australia, leaving it still an open question whether he is capable of defeating Higgins, who is' generally admitted to be our fastest sculler.'' Well, I have seen both men, and I do not think there is any sculler in England who can wrest the championship from Trickett. In hia match with 8ad)er he nad the race in hand from the start, and hardly raffled a feather the whole distanoe. Some of the bett ing man were so taken aback that they would not believe he came from 8ydney, and soma vent as far to say he was a" dark horse" from the Tyne, "red-ruddled over to make him look like an Australian." This is a fact That Lumaden was afraid to meet him shows the estimate iq which his rowing is held by the Tyne-aidara. The squabble as to the stake and the bet baa been settled. It is doubtful wether Triokett oonld have legally claimed what he certainly had a moral right to; and as the testing of this claim would have oost him both tims and money, he was perhaps right in declining to oontest the question and in accepting the £100 forfeit which was at last surrendered, though with a very bad grace. HORSK Plaqux or EOVPT.-An Alexandria correspondent writes to us under1 date Septem ber IS:-"The horse disease is, I fear, apresd lag fast When I last wrote it was confined to the two diatricta of Cairo and Zagasig, a cotton 1 centre, halfway between Alexandria and Suez. But in the last week there have been numerous cases in the Delta; - It has nade its appearance at Teiita, Mansonrah, Nahalla, Bisket, and all large townaand great ctntres of cotton culture and trade, and all in constant communication with Alexandria. Go I fear we shall hare it here very shortly. In the canals dead bodies are to be seen Boating about in quantities, and'as they supply water t} the people as well as to the ootton lands, we are beginning to dread the outbreak of mme epidemic. At Zagazig the plague is dying out, as nearly all the horses are dead. ?he crowds of wild dogs that serve as the scavengers there have been poisoned in great numbers py feeding on the carcases. It is difficult to estimate the loss to the country by this destruction as the season oommenoes of the means of oonveying the cotton from the fields to the factories and railway. Popular talk goes as high es millions. Anyhow the lota will be very great. PsHHAtj* EsooukteB WITH A Euaks. An encounter with a snake ooonrred at the public scbjol, Roelyn. The BOUIHTRN Arpus aays the siake was of the brown or brindle desoriptioi with light-oolored belly, and was discovered at the rear of the building by the barking ol a little poddle dog. Mrs. Wald ron, thinking it might he a native oat, tried to more rae end of the box, when out darted the anake right beside her feet The little dog immediately seised the snake, Mrs. Waldrou retreating to the bedroom door, but had hardly got so far when she heard the littla dog(Floesy) give a low oiy, and' looking round discovert!! the dog had fallen down in opnvnUdcna. A large Newfoundland dog( had by this time appeared on the *osne, an# *t tfftimi the nuke tu also bitten, and uotad wiilanl *igfts of lUlEMOllOlliUiBA *WJI fOW minutes. Flossy died in lew _th*n aquarter of an boat, and Kover lingered tor about or* hours, dying towards siliidowta t&great; agony. The snjATwesVaftusSly kM*4 J& tta torn by Mia Elllbtti, ?ho mastered, oourage to enter the room with »Aorte«ok li» liar fiendf and despatched the rtplUe, whlbh bmmM .tont four feet siz inane*. . ..v. . A Bn.tr Oosmaw.-A. great di*taiMM< lately took pUoo luBynagMue Une, M«I« bourne, ud onOuMtablaJI.'P (fcedrtiosiML tog to the spot he encountered arofflsn namjd Peter Trwen, whom 'he proceeded to talc* into oustody. A struirie ^ued. (says the Am), in the ooune oFwhioh Wnw w ti^invwlauttytothe jgwund, tU prf*®« being npcm the uppto tide. By th» WJ» of great tiolenoe the man'got theOQMtsbl** leg aorost the water channel, and, throwing S \ragM upon {the inotonA the wm » the centre. Despite the agony hewasin. O'Ortdy stuok tohls prisoner, who wiled hold of the broken limb and oommenoed to niuush it round. The oonstafch wa»forti^WT«Me to draw Ms baton, and defended himself until nnnii*-""* arrived. In reepoue to M* MN for help, oonrtable PrtUgnn ran to the tpoL end O'Omdy and hi* prisoner were ooureyed to the Kocmtal, where tha toartwed lea wu tet. Thspolioe regulations required him to rfgn the Mjurxe- sheet, and, Injured M he wu, he was therefore obliged .to go down to to* watch-house and go through that tonality. He was then token back to the hospital, where he now remains. ' Son o! the granddame* whoinakethelawn in front of the grand Stand at Fleming a ahow ground for brilliant drniMi war# fa din disbtss (ttya the Melbourne A dwcw) owtng ^XtowTih,' £££?& in CtoQtwn* «W tOT *.*?» iiiiinm orders ware ddayod t6 tMlit inoBMttt. i ^Tha muoh-oo>'ted fine feathers for the _6ns ttria did not eiitOhtho nail steamer, and th* di*. appointed one* were oompelled to putop with the work «t oolonisTartistes. And, *» hot*, rorl three CK> wnm» to b» prasaat To make matter* worse, themsfl Wsemet wttk the dresses on board, was telegraphed off Oape Borda on Monday, Ike day More tt» Ow« The wife of a liberal land-owner. resMlngnot jt imadred miles from 8ttnbory, is Ma niin sent to the telegraph ado* to art tt n« *»*? could not he sent o*er by wire, aadto hare offered £500 to hare it d*U*eredfa IMhom* onTuesday "inTfnflT But it didut joome, and the poor woinanhad nothing Ao wear. A ookkkponOiht, writing_w a> oontam porary from Paris, wider Sunday's date, mvei the following:-An wrffal crime has jait been discovered at a Tillage called Pe deroeo, Oetee du Nord( Fianoe. ft appear* | ynui nuned Lotxio, who had how »?. Ina with Ms wile on ttamort»nW»letWDi and with whom he had lately had several al teroatioht, it i* aJd, owing to intomperjrte hibiU. left home a tow day* ago for 8t M*lo, on business, bnt not returning home for two or three day* after he was _exp»oted, his children, of whom there are threj in num< ber, became aUrmed, and after inaking m*ny searches and inqoiries, it was dlsooveredthat the mother hsd bru tally murdersd her hns band with * chopper, and had hiddan the body in a' de?p dit<i oulmde tin villan where *h» had previouily prepared » 1*ma hole In which to diipose of the remains other Tiotam. It is said that the woman must have o*ed almost *nperhuman efbrta to hare effected her purpose, or that ah* bad attacked the poor man unexpectedly while in a state of intozioation, because he was a big man and generally helieted to be to power fnl. Information was Immediately given to the pottoe, and the wietohed woman baa ^>een srrostedL ? A touno man named' HU» 'Wilson, who resides with his widowed mother in Campbell, between Fourth and Fifth streets, Wilmington, N.C., brought himself to the moat erawnanng death that can be poeribly imagined. Th* yonng oun had been demented for tome time p»«t, but even under the inflnenoe of his mania, which would be worse at times Sod than again almost disappear, he was usually traotabla, and apparently harmless to UmieusndoUitn. On T&ttiaday; he threatened w life of _hia mother, but as night oama on hi* paadou beoame paoified, luidhe retired to bed aausu*L About midnight his mother, who slept in an adjoining room heard 1dm raring and mo Tin* about, and, although the oirounutanee caused hsr considerable uneasiness of mind, the thought it best to remain quiet herself, hoping that her aon would soon retire to bed- But this waa the furthest thing imaginable from his thoughts. He was then making "»«»wful preparations for his self-destruction. Ths sequel ehowed that he Wse from hi* bed, dressed himself, and than saturated hi* oloth* .ios» hiir> ud entire perionwith ketosene 01L Hiving done thii( he lighted ft natoh, ttd ignited hi* saturated dotUng. Instantly ha became a pillar of flame. His mother, hearing him atrike the matoh, arose also, fearing that in . oraay mood he might aet fire to Ike now. Her terror tu indescribable when ahe heheld her aon roih out of his room enveloped in a. oolomn of nothing Are, when aha fled from him believing that he intended carrying oat hi* threat of the previous day against her, and end the ezUtenoe o! them altogether. It took bat a moment, however, for the torture of the flumes to exhaust him, « he hi his wud delirium ran around the house, and he fell to the ground, a bladkened, oharred mau of life* leu, broiling flesh. _ SAVAGE Attack BY DINGOES.-TTie follow* ing faota are narrated in the Wngfoton Arpu* by an eye»witneia 5-It appears that Mr. F. Ball, of Qoorangoola, whiUt wdinf into Singleton, had reached a aomewhat rqugh and lonely spot on Mi\ We Brookera ground at Orotn Oredc, about twenty »ile« distatt|| from the town. Hie attention wai here wpQted by the ories of aome animal, aud on t^mng down a email gully to ascertain wheooe the eouod prooeeded, he came upon ^the imusuil sight otseven aavage4ooking wilddoMin the Mt of devouring a large eeventeen|ponwir old calf. The brutes bad already got MOWIL and were making sad work of its flsah and hinder extremities. Only on Mr. Balls mares approach, and on hearing the sound his etookwhip, did they oondesoend to maka.off. 