Th''iidtioh' that there' are in; this world ,inminaterital gehncies, and' foices h lviig'l a 'listinct anid self : conscious in dividuality -in a worsd, that there, are r 'spirits' lexisting: about: ius andwith iis,is one at which all modern science halii'coffed,!thit which it hias nevei sueo .ci eded iii eiradicatiiig." It is ,iot only the ounlettered and the. ignoant who enteitein the belief iii piitrts"; tl'.u? l tured andd, the intelligenti ,aroequi)ly unable to divest themselves of tliit;be: lief. They :exliress:,it .often in other r terms,i' bits they entertainiit non' the Sless.' Theire are feiv' evenif fthe'linost philooliiicl end 'inatoiialistic?ca?ti c of iiti, whio ,can hai an implessivi ' ghost-story el told, in a" kn, t?iedl room without:feeling a cirtai? enmottop; entirely inconsistent.:with and contra' dictory of the utter disbelief in spiritsi; there are fewoeven slho wiolild- entiro i to pronounRicfitlieriisiiig of: the spirit of Sdtmhdl by.'the..witclfh ofEnido: an impudent impoditidn"n there are none who ivoilld :.venture to assort i thatithey are so=; perfectly: acquainted with' all things' in hev?en and;'earthus:tl i t be able'to say, aitlihritatiive tliatt'piiitsi haveand can ii6"'iie a iae iithem And when, biside all this, Is pu thie secret pe?suasion which almost all tmen entertain' who' will firankly. question 'themselves --especially :all;;met?,,who have lost one dear to them--thit.thle spirits, of:the departod ;ae lioteidxiled without"th'ei:glimplses'i of. tei?o;: ifit may be laid down that most m:'i?ine do now blieve, and thdt ali- aire pieiaied I to Believe, in ,the existetce o ong us i of .disembddiod spirits having,; ar disg: Stintt personality. ' The sa~tie may be said ofth ':otliei and the next qiiestion" wetlieei i assiim ing suiliuch spirits, to eist,? tliere Icaii; be I any possibility. of communiication; be, tween', lhem. and ,us. Most :,pedople profess to ' disbelieve,, many: perlhapsl honestly think that they disbelieve its' possibility '; and yet ifa: hoine.test beo brought" to 'them, 'almost ~ll will b'e foiund unprepared i iithe last r?isor? to rely. on ,their. disbelief; againeo t .,?iiht seems to be tlie evidence of their sensesd backed: by the isuggestions of tlheii sentiments..-As long' as the world: has! existed;:theime have been divineis, magii' cine, spirit-nuisers not, have there ever failed to be :ciowds of 'ien-aind ivomeni anxious" to consilst tlithe; anid :as 'lonrg a's it lasts, u;nless liumnani'.nauturoe be., comes fisndamentally changed, they' and' their clients vwill: continue to: beo'. Not' to speak of reinoter -Capitals; it:is :'cer tain thit in Par:is iriNow Yourk' and in London thlieo'arts" of diviini ' aiid spirit riiihing, or what pi ofess to ? sich,. a;re to:, this ldayi: pIactised,; i and, the. proof that those who profess them' find believers, lies in 'the simple fact that 'they. continue, and 'must therefore' be: reminneratii've Indeed,'the id~ n ,i di'i s i 'I both 'ofAmeiciaiaand 'Fraiice--of tlie two s ery, couiitrics ''mtidibh: aire:lways lheld ; be' thei liedil: iartersl of pnure I materiallismii-regularly publish the ad vertlsements :of: diviners and spirit raiserssLand 'no American or nFrench wateoing-plices 'of iiny- pretensions is complete' _witlnutitsit professional' " bcir toniancienne, "claivoya·linte." ahid spirit-raiser. .'Weyoare notconceined hiere to, con sider Whether or;not the ;whole of the theory;of spirits and of: the possibility of communicating withl them,-oti which these practices rest ,is' a ' deluision : whether there is or is rinot hllf-inder stood hailf accepted ti tli at the bIottoim of any or all ofthem, oriwvhetlmemgany oi all are mere vuilgar impositions. All, IWe say. isi" thi'to.inu.spite of everything saeidpreached or proved to the contirary; the genierality 'of m'anikind do still' be' liee' in tli'd e'xisteniice amiioig and'jbout tliheim" of 'ie?sinal individual spili'its. And not only is there a. gen'i?l ibelief of spirits at,l,igl; but theie is also [a I special ibelief among: men, of- like'i con dition aslid occupation, in'that particular kind of{ spirit whili seedis inost to conr cari theuss , and that even evhen 'll be lief in other' than this particimt ' kindli :of spirit ?is rejected . A .ividovevoi robbed by- prematnre death of a be loved ,wife,::will:believe-that lier :spirit renmainsidear him, whenlihe will believe in:no 'others j'a: miirdereir, tloubgh lie ':ill admiit nP othei, will believe that he'is'pursied by" the' spirit of his victim. .. But, whlat is still. more remarkable Sis thit not only is thliorea belief. in the 'spirits: of departed;men and women ; there is also a belief that lthin iiiirit mate:ahad pi'esent riith iis have 'd also thieiir spout, whidml acts thliougi tlienii All pailoius believe:in the spirit.of their 'shlip'; "they ; i:'are ;..convinced, tlha?a sle v' vill" tldo some things and ivill nob do otheis, tthatyonmaiy coax ber or force her"ridcordingito "her characttr, and that vlhtien with' a- re?fede?: knoivledgel address yourself oany 'iveu macamvie, tlieie., siselvaysp an: elment of iuncer taiontyarising fiom the indelpendent will of.this same pa'it'r:iSb, also:'it id with e n g i n e :d r i v e r s ? v l i aho a' l a y s ~ i e el ?- i nb view the:ids of a if iildhii' sfpirt"abliv'ay miathematical and chronometricalinstrikt mients are distinctly conscious ofththe lpresence in their minds' of-a similar nature You build: two ships on ex act~ly thle 5inlines, in' the: same way,. and they sail differently, .you construct many rvatehe?t i oicli'ounnomotrs of. lio same materials by the same machinery, and they alldhae' different rates; you put togethertwo loobmotives. of: the' same parts, 'diade undder' idontichl'?cii. cunmsida's, 'ad " thleyl'al've 'ialiffeirent speid onithi sktne.piece of rails. ;::From 'wfih : tir'jisiligt result' thle .r. ctical man who has to do with tlhem, whose livelihood and perhaps whoso life 'depends upon 'his understanding their proplerties: and catpaicities, finds lio" can only escae- ap t any rate he always does so 6esaipe-by: helioeving that jtist as the reasonable parts of. a man, reasonably 1lrought together in working.order, re, volhoe a spirit presiding over all the parts; so: also do.tho reasonable.parts.of a ship, a locomotive, oi a clhrononmiitMi. Those beliefs i'are very possibly'e?i tiiely iirational: Tihey may veiy:pr? biably hbe e'ijipincd sco'rnifully away; but no amount of oxplanation hald Se oradicated'them; neither, does, it ooem at all likely tdo'o. s aiitF F 