JSCSUCA POLICE COURT. Friday, 10th March. (Before Mr. Langford, P.M.) PASSING A "VALUELESS CHEQUE.-A man named "W. J, Jellie, was charged on remand with obtaining goods by means of a valueless cheque. . The prisoner went to the house of a Mrs. Mary Smith on the 29th Feb ruary and obtained board and lodging upon a representa tion that he had a sura of £400 in the Bank of Victoria Echuca. On the second of March he gave a cheque for £2, drawn on the Bank of Victoria, whicht upon being presented, was returned marked " no account." The folice Magistrate dismissed the charge, saying that there was no case against the prisoner. Sergeant JSayes asked for a remand upon another charge, but the application was refused, there being no information sworn in the case. CHARGE OF ROBBERY. -A young woman named Johanna Ryan was charged at the instance of Mary Ann M on tin with stealing an iron bedstead and bed ding. While complainant was in Sandhurst, defendant, to whom she was pecuniarily indebted, removed the property in question from her house, and kept posses sion of it. The evidence, however, failed to disclose felonious intent' upon tlie'part of defendant, and the case was therefore dismissed. Upon the application of Mr. Kelly,_ who appeared for the defence, no order was made in reference to the ownership of the pro perty in dispute. LARCENY.-George Reid Howell, an elderly man, was charged with larceny. Sergeant Hayes stated that the prisoner was a notorious thief, and connected with a gang of thieves who carry on a systematic course of robbery in Tlchuca. He applied for a remand for seven days, which was granted. ASSAULT.-Thomas Doyle was charged with unlaw ful assault. Sergeant Hayes stated that he arrested the prisoner in ITare-street, on Thursday. He was very violent, and struck several men in the street. . Upon being arrested he also assaulted Sergeant Hayes which formed the ground of a second charge against him of resisting the polic-x The assistance of two con stables was necessary to remove him to the lock-up,_he being most unmanageable, or as Constable Glendetining described it in "good fighting trim." A fine of 10s. upon each charge was imposed. . SUNDAY TRADING. -W illiam Ruler, licensee of the Golden Fleece Hotel, was sum.noned for selling liquor on Sunday. He admitted the offence, and was fined £5. , TJNFATIIERLY. -James Hicks, a brickmaker. was .charged with deserting his family. No one appeared to prosecute, and. defendant was discharged, at the ;request of Sergeant Hayes. \- TECHNICAL.-Two summonses had been issued against James Dunlea, landlord of the Exehai>ge Hotel, on the charges of Sunday trading and allowing an unlawful game to be played in his licensed house on Sunday. Defendant did not appear, and Mr. Ake hurst successfully raised the objection that the sum mons failed to disclose any offence, inasmuch as the words " licensed house" might refer to any description of license. The Court held the point fatal, and dis missed both cases without prejudice. The Court then adjourned. MIGRATION* ACROSS THE MURRAY.-Now that the harvesting operations are over in Vic toria, we may expect (says the Border Post) to see caravans of families making their way across the Murray, and taking up selections . in Riverina. On Saturday last the first of the season made his appearance. His family con sisted of a wife and six fine healthy children, and his turn out of two covered waggons, pulled by splendid teams of horses. He states that lie sold the selection, which consisted of 1G0 acres, to the squatter at £3 5s. per acre. Three other families have arrived since. APLAIX-SPOK EN WOMAN.-A powerfully-built young lady from Ghost's Gulch walked into a dry goods store at Canyon City, Colorado, the other day, and inquired of the bachelor clerk : " Do you keep hoes, young fellar ?" " Yes, ma'am, all kinds," was the reply ; and pulling down :i couple of boxes of hose, he held a pair up to view. She looked straight at him, turned, red, and overflowed with the remark : " You fool, them's stockin's. I want a hoe." He re ferred her to the hardware store. 