POETRY. THE CLOSING SCENE. fithin the Bober realm of leafless trees. The russet year inhaled the dreamy air ; hike some. tunned reaper, in his hour of ease, When all the fields are looking brown and bare. irijjg gray barns, looking from their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widening into vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills, On the cluu tnunaer 01 alternate nans. All sights were mellowed and all sounds subdued, The bills seemed farther and the streams sang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold, The banner bright with every martial hue, Now stood like some sad beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight ; The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint ; And like a star, slow drowning in the light, The village church vane seemed to pale and faint. The sentinel cock up in the hillside crew — Crew thrice — and all was stiller than before ; Silent, till some replying warden blew His alien horn, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay, within the elm's tall crest, Made garrulous trouble round her unfledged yonng; And >vheu the oriole swung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censer swung. When sang the noisy martinB ia the eaves, The buBy 6wallows circling ever near — Foreboding, as the rustic mind believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year. Where every bird that waked the vernal feast Shook the Bweet slumber from its wings at morn, To warn the reaper of the rosy East — And now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croake 1 the crow through all the dreary gloom ; Alone the pheasant, drumming in the vale, Made echo in the distance to the cottage loom. TlTere was no cud, no bloom upon the bowers, The spiders moved their thin shrouds night by night, The thistle-down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by— passed noiseless out of sight. Amid all this, in this most dreary air, And where the woodbine sheds upon the porcli Its crimfeou leaves, as if the year stood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torch; Amid all this, the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheel, and with her joyous mien Sat liko fate and watched the flying thread. She had kuown sorrow. He had walked with her; (Jft suited, and broke with her the ashen crust, And in i ho dead leaves she still heard the stir Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. While yet her cheek was bright with summer bloom, Her country summoned and she gave her all ; And twice war bowed to her his sable plume — Eegave the sword to hang upon the wall. fieguve the sword, but not the hand that drew And struck for liberty the dying blow ; Nor him who, to his sire and country true, Fell mid the ranks of the invading foe. Long, but not loud, the droning wheel went on, Like that low murmur of a hive at noon ; Long, but not loud, the memory of the gone Breathed through her lips a sad and tremulous tone. At last the thread was snapped, her head was bowed; Life dropped the distalf through her hands serene; And loving neighbours smoothed her careful shroud, While death and winter closed the autumn scene. T. B. Bead. 