PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS OF A SEPTUAGENARIAN. Introductory. I commence these recollections in the year 1876\. I lived thirty-six years in England, the country in which I was born; and have dwelt nearly thirty-eight years in South Australia, the country in which I expect to die. In the old world I was brought into contact with a great many eminent and interesting individuals, and witnessed many extraordinary events which have now become history; in the new, I have beheld the conversion of a wilderness into the abode of an enlightened and prosperous community. I trust that the following necessarily brief sketches of scenes and characters belonging to a remote and very different age may afford grati fication to brothers of the past, and awaken in the minds of native-born Australians some inte rest connected with the olden time. CHAPTER I. My Earliest Recollection. I was born in Piccadilly, London, on the 10th November, 1802, during the short peace of Amiens, when the nations of Europe, after a long period of exhaus tive warfare, paused for six months, as if to acquire breath for renewed and yet more sanguinary conflict. My father was born at Churchhill, in Oxfordshire; my mother at Bridgenorth, in Shropshire. My first recollections are of the midland counties of England, for I was conveyed thither when between two and three years old, and located on the freehold farm of my father's mother, at the village of Kingham, in Oxfordshire, bordering on Gloucestershire. I have no recollection of the journey, but my father used to narrate its inci dents in terms which did not much redound to my infantine credit as far as regards this first stage in my journey through life. I mean no pun. He and I left the White Horse Cellar coach office in Piccadilly at 4 o'clock on an inclement winter morning in the ' dickey' of the Oxford coach. Snow of freezing cold ness had been falling all night, and con tinued to fall. No wonder then that poor little I had been supplied on starting with a sponge cake and a glass of mulled port wine. So de fiant of the cold had these stimulants made me that on every favourable opportunity I scrambled on to the roof of the coach, and until recaptured danced, sang, and shouted in the snow to the great amusement of all the stern passengers except my father, to whom a subsequent sound and prolonged slumber on my part afforded far more gratification. At that time a journey from London to Kingham and its neighbourhood, a distance of 75 miles, occupied two days. The passenger having been safely de posited in Oxford, that magnificent city of colleges, by dinner time of the first day was further conveyed that afternoon if the season were summer, or on the following morning if it were winter, by another coach to Woodstock. There, probably through the care of expectant friends, a gig or saddle-horse awaited him, wherewith to complete his journey; failing these, a ' post-chaise' had to be put in requisition. I am thus particular in details because I propose in some of these recollections to present faithful pictures of social life in the past, so that a generation born amid steamboats, rail ways, and electric telegraphs, which therefore are regarded by the said genera tion with as much indifference as if they had been introduced to the world in the time of Adam's grandson, may learn what was the social condition of their immediate ancestors. Not many years anterior to the period of which I write a journey from the mid land counties to ' Lunnon,' occupied four days, and if the roads were more than usually bad (one glimpse of them even at their best would have been fatal to McAdam), the time consumed was a week. The vehicle which performed this feat was called a ' fly- wagon' to indicate its vastly superior speed to yet more sluggish facilitators of locomotion which had preceded it. Of course the simple-minded inhabi tants of such a region were no great travellers. The substantial farmer rode once a week, except in busy seasons such as harvest, to one of the nearer market towns, if not to buy or sell, to ascertain the state of the markets. On fair days he was often accompanied by his wife, generally a comely rosy dame, clad in a scarlet mantle with a hood, and wearing a bonnet, which, unlike the present three penny-piece apologies for that article, really covered the head and sheltered the face alike from sun and sleet. If horses were plentiful she rode alongside; if not, Dobbin had to carry both, the ' better half' seated on a pillion behind her hus band. This was a broad cushioned seat buckled to the rear of his saddle, and as they thus jogged along they created in the minds of onlookers ideas of health, in dustry, and domestic comfort. The majority of even well-to-do farmers had never visited the metropolis of England, and the few who had seen ' Lunnon'' took care that the fact should be known by frequent allusions thereto for many years after. Be sure those adventurous men before they commenced the journey arranged their mundane affairs, made their wills, and took very solemn leave of their relatives and friends. My first vivid recollection of Oxford shire is a somewhat painful one, and I narrate it simply to prove how long special occurrences in infancy may be remem tered, for I could not then have been much more than two and a half years old. That a burnt child dreads the fire is a frosty-headed axiom, and that such a child can remember the catastrophe, as well as dread its repetition, even for seventy years I am a living witness. The incident is so photographed on— or, as some unfeeling wag might say, burnt into — my brain that events of last week personally interesting to me are less distinctly remembered. I was alone at noonday in the spacious hall of that farm house with its floor of broad square stones, lofty roof, and massive beams. The fire place, wherein only heavy wood was burned, was of capacious dimensions, and on either side of the fire was what was called a 'chimney-corner,' in fact a broad cozy seat, on which during winter even ings, especially if ghost stories were being narrated, or war news from the Peninsula being read aloud, three, instead of the usual complement of two, might sit without inconvenient squeezing. These seats, whether occupied by four or six, commanded a fine prospect of the ruddy visages which nightly congregated in a semicircle before the blazing logs, and on looking up the wide and lofty chimney of a formidable array of sides of bacon, about which the combined smoke of wood and tobacco careered in a variety of fantastic shapes. Being middle of the day, the fire, although unextinguished, was small, and I was seated in front of it, swaying myself to and fro on a rocking chair, which was the especial comfort of my grandmother. I had placed my feet within the front spar of the chair, thinking, as I well recollect, of my mother, then separated from me by all those dreary miles over which I had traversed, when a sway forward of extra energy brought my face, hands, and pinafore into contact with the fire, while the back of the chair stuck to mine with most exemplary but inconvenient fidelity. The scream I uttered was worthy of a future auctioneer. Aunts came bounding down stairs from rooms overhead; ser vants, male as well as female (for the farm hands were at dinner in the neighbouring kitchen), rushed to my rescue; and thus I was saved from being grilled, although my clothes were alight, and my hands and neck con siderably burned. The pain I felt con vinced me that if I had not been taken up just when I was I should have been considerably overdone. Icy cold water and successive plasters of raw potato scrapings set all right, and in a few days I could use my hands. After my recovery came spring, then summer, with their flowers and blossoms, birds and fruits, and the London child felt that he had entered on a new existence. The small domain over which he was especially privileged to roam included rich meadow land bordered by a trout stream, arable land, an extensive garden well stocked with flowers, and an orchard yielding almost every variety of English fruit. There were all the animals usually appertaining to a farm, including a flock of sheep; and above all a little grey pony with a long glossy white tail, whence it derived the name of 'Silver- tail,' was set apart for my especial use. It is not wonderful that I conceived that ardent love for rural sights and sounds which has never left me, and which I have often been able to indulge long years ago in the remote bush of this colony. That renewed residence in London did not impair my fondness for rural objects and pursuits the following verses written some years subsequently will prove: — COWSLIPS. Favourites of my early hours, Still I love your golden flowers ! Not the wayside primrose, pale, Shivering in the wintry gale; Not the daisy; no, nor yet The sweet-scented violet, Though I love them all, can be Ever half so dear to me. Tales of olden time ye tell I Of the sweet-toned Sabbath bell, Heard as through the mead we trod To the distant house of God ; — Of the brook in verdure lost; Of the rustic bridge we crossed;— Golden pathway— golden hours, Then my very thoughts were flowers ! I remember, when the day Morning's dew had dried away. I, one of an infant band, With an eager eye and hand, Fought and pluck'd your clustered bells In the shady woods and dells, Nor forgot that should be mine Fragrant tea and future wine. Days of infancy ! alas ! Why do ye so quickly pass ? What would I relinquish now For that sunny eye and brow — For that meek and unwarp'd will — For that ignorance of ill, Which were mine at five years old, Ere I dreamt of crime or gold. Since I follow weightier things, Vanished have my spirit's wings ; Cloudless is my heart no more, Care has flung its shadow o'er ; Never may it know again The pure joy that warm'd it then, When its highest hopes were crown'd — Hopes a cowslip field could bound. 