MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,! October 19, We are all praying for ram — that is to say, those of us sinners who do pray at all — for the benefit of the squatters, the farmers, and the uublic generaUv. The Scrintnre bsvb —the -ntnA ia tempered to the ehorn lamb," bnt hers the sheepowoer complains that no sooner does a gentle rain encourage the graes to grow an inch for the benefit of the ewes and wethers of the next generation, than the envious frost sets in and nipe the blossom in the bud. We have had rather heavy rains here daring the last day or two, bnt I fear that Hie. have onlv been partial. The old Scotchwoman who begged her favourite miniater, in a dry season, to pray for rain, would be invaluable here. He did pray for rain, and tbe result waa a tremendous flood, leaving the old lady to protest that she never knew her minister to do it bnt he over- did it Here the complaint is that— with reverence be it spoken— the controlling genius of toe weather appears to be in a moat uncertain and fickle etate of mind. Tbe weather, in fact, cannot ha depended upon lor five minntea together. Yon go out in the morning encased in a snn-coat, prepared for a hot son, and before yon have got into CollinB- street clouds have crept across the sky, and their droppings come down to refresh the earth, no doubt, bnt to the scandal and great discontent of the man who has forgotten his umbrella. To be in earnest, more tickle weather than we have experi enced here dnring the last few days could scarcely he imagined. Sunshades and coats have been toe rage at one hour, and the next it has been umbrellas, with the streets con verted once more into over-charged creeks, and the Collins-street swell scarcely able to console himself in hie personal difficulties by. the reflection that it was " all for the good of tbe farmer.'' Speaking of grass and farmers, I am led to the contemplation of one of those enrions paradoxes that one occasionally meets with here. We are told that grass is soarca, and mutton most be dear. Yet a b troll through the Eastern Market last Saturday night con siderably disturbed my ideas on the subject. I saw an enormous number of carcases of sheep in tbe hande of th« bctcJlCTS, iHd I saw a very brisk trade going on at the rate of two shillings for half a sheep I I saw a good many imitators of the buy, buy" gentlemen of Clare market making their little rosy, bnt rather noisy, game over the business ; and not a lew persons walking away homewards with as much meat of the mutton class over their shoulders as would last an entire family for a week, at a cost of only two shilliogB. In most cases, Paterfamilias did not seem to care whether his cheap purchase damaged the garment that covered his ooter upper man or no ; for hp trudged aloug careless of his neighbours, qnd only|pleased that for a poor two " bob " he wonld be able to keep the ghost oat of the capbosrd for a week at least. This mutton, I understand, coold not have been of bad quality, for toe nightly inspection of the market, to prevent the sale of unwholesome meat, is now very careful. I don't now wonder toat we cannot sell Meibonrne pre served meats in London at a profit when we sell sideB of mutton here in any quantity at two shillings apiece ! I am not surprised that the merchants of toe city are becoming impatient with the delay of the Government in the prosecution of the Harbour Trusts Bilk It is evident that the whole system of harbour management and pilotage is open to revisaL I allude now particularly to the inefficiency which the bay pilots have lately shown, especially in the. handling of steamers of recent build. The worthy old salts who form the pilot corps of the harbour were, no doubt, very good men in their day. They were accustomed to handle ships, the masters of which thought they had enjoyed "God speed" if they made the distance between Plymouth Break water and Port Phillip Heads in any time under six months. They even learned bow to handle a Blackwall liner (with the help of the captain), or a fast Glasgow loch or moun tain liDer. But tbey cannot manage these new and powerful steamers that come to the bay from their late baptism on the Clyde. It ie soma years ago now since one of these salt water veterans, who — like toe . heroine of a Scottish song — A weevil in her eye had Kate Baliymple— nearly cast away tbe mail steamer Madras in the South Channel, with balf-a-million ster ling ou board, and a valuable freight, as weU as s long passenger-list. He tried to he relieved at Qoeenseliffe, after some hours' detention, because he could not see his way through the Heads, any more than he conld the bearings in the South Channel. He was relieved accordingly, and should bsve beau 1 1 excused " sltogether. Sioce then we have had another pilot (save the mark !)_ running a mail steameron a sandbank off St. Kiida a hen on a pleasure trip; a third, steering another powerful mail etesmer straight into the stone work of tbe Albert dock, doing great damage to the vessel and to toe dock wall, just be- cause he did not know that a long ship, with a peculiar screw— powerful in "goingahead," but slow in reversing tbe motion— was under hie command. Now wo have another of onr precious pilots running— for the same reason, or rather want of reason, the mail steamer Normanby into the Blackwall steamer Durham, as tbe latter lay quietly alongside the Sandridge railway pier. The sooner these things are mended, by the care of the Yarra, the conservation of the Bay, and the management of the pilot system bang put into the hands of a harbour trust, and Cap tain Payne and toe Steam Navigation and Pilot boards abolished, the better. More blunders are now committed by tbe Ancient Mariners who compose the pilot body of the port than all toe exempt masters, numerous as they are, do. One doea not like to speak disparagingly of these old sea- doga, who no doubt have done good eervioe in their time, and have lived a life of adventure, and one which to an easy-chair landsman wonld seem hard enough ; bnt they, like others, mustoon- feas to the influence of age, and the great change of the times. I can never be done wondering where all the money comes from. Night after night the numerous places of amnsement open in the oity are wonderfully patronised. On Saturday night, for example, there was an audience, numbered at some three thousand, in toe Town Hall, at a concert for the benefit of the survivors of the wreck of the Dande- noug, and a presentation to toe seamen of that chip who so bravely manned the boats, and saved toe lives oE others as well aB their own. The Theatre Royal waa extremely weU filled to see the new Sootoh artist, tragedian and comedian, Mr. B. S. Pillans, who appeared, with tbe greatest success as Dandle Dinmont, in "Guy Mannering," and Jock Howieson in "Cramond Brig. Tbe Opera House was also well filled ; St George's Hall — to see the inimitable Fakir and the " Bine- tailed Fly" — was also crowded ; and ; yet in Wileon'e Circus there were not fewer than six thousand five hundred people. So perfect were the arrangements, however, toat there was no crashing or crowding, and everything passed off in toe happiest way. Speaking of the oirons, I may say toat toe Soor fellow who lost hie life by the atomb- ng of the well-known Bteepleohaser, All- Foors, was decently interred, at toe expense of Mr. Wilson, whose company followed on horeeback the remains to their last home; and who ran the risk of lending horses with out number to other persons who wished to ride in toe solemn prooeation. Mr. "Wilson, however, is further credited with an intention to do something substantial for toe parentBof toe dead youth, though be was not in any way, in the slightest; responsible for toe fatal accident. While on this subject I may mention, merely as a matter of curiosity, that the young performer, who is the only one of all toe company — and who is said to he almost alone in toe world — at throwing a doable eomeraanlt over ten horses, is, after all, a Melboarne boy. When here, eleven years ago, Mr. Wilson took a fancy to him, and made him an apprentice. He has re mained with him ever since, and is now a valuable member of the troupe. Tbe next best — if not tbe best in all these leaping feats — is an Arab chief, who has a son, a clever little contortionist, with him. I am told that this chief, who is youog, Jhandsome, and powerful enough to head a clan of the Gregonach — visited London some short time ago, at the head of a company of his country men, thirteen or fourteen in number. He desired to make an engagement with Mr. Wilson for his party, bnt the latter remarked, "What can I do with aU those thirteen ? They wonld eat me up 1 You can do all the best things they can do. Send them home. Come with me, and I will give yon so much a year for three yeara. You can bring yonr little son along with yon. You will travel everywhere firet-clase, like a chief, and be one of oureelvea." The offer was aocepted, and the Arab is a great attraction m the arena from bis wonderful leaping powers. Roguery makes new developfcents day by day. I occasionally goto Emerald Hill for references, and there I will find another. Tbe other afternoon, a lady — who, by the way, had not informed her hue band of her intaniinn man f: intfi tflim trO 868 AD &U10B6;" nurse-girl, and had scarcely gone away when a fashionably attired woman called, presented a card, and when informed that the mistress was not at home, playfully observed that she would wait a tittle in hopes of her return. ' She notioed and caressed the chil dren, and after a while took oat ber parse. and perenading the girl that the children would tike some lollies, induced her to go for them and take the juveniles with her. She did so, and when she returned, she found the lady was non est — and also a considerable quantity of jewellery and other articles. 1 omitted to mention, when writing about Mr. Pillans, that he is the most perfect Scotch actor, as regards dialect, that I have ever beard. Every man who hails from " the Land o' Cakes " knows that there are six or eight different dialects of the " auld (Scotch tongue," and though they are very dissimilar it takes a good Scottish ear to distinguish them. It is not every Scotchman who can distinguish the difference between the way : the Aberdoniau put it, when inquiring afler a deceased friend, he first asked . Fat did be die o" ; and then, finding he was not altogether no- derstood, he varied bis query, thus- Fat died heo'. Mr. Pillans did something on Saturday which I think wonld pozzle the critics of the Press as a body. When he played "Danaie Din- mont," he spoke the Dumfries or Gallqway Scotch ; when herepreeented '.'Jock Howieson, o' Braeshead," he spoke the refined and courtly Scotch, which is still spoken there— a living recollection el the time when the kings held their court at Holyrood, and the nobles held the lofty tenements from toe palace to toe castle. Mr. Roberta, junior, is determined to show what his professional merits really are before he takes farewell of Victoria. He is to give a series of eight performances in the Athenieam Hall, daring and following ton race week, and now announces that he will give toe best player in Victoria seven hundred points in one thousand ! . Thie is a bold chal lenge ; but Mr. Roberta's friends say— and I believe tbem— that he caii do with the cne and toe balls just what he likes. I hope to be there to Bee. Mr. Edwin Adams, tbe amiable and ac complished American actor; baa fonnd it necessary to take rest for a season. The climate of Victoria has already done him good, bat he thinks a short sojourn in Kiverina will restore ffiim to thorough bealth. He proposes, like "Miss Gladstone,' to make Victoria his home— only playing occasional engagements. I hope Victoria may Jong re-, tarn him, for he ls undoubtedly an able actor and a perfect gentleman. 