TOPICS OF THE OAST. It will bo seeu,that our Sydney correspon-. dent refers in his telegram to the statement that bribes were offered to the captain of the Sydney team in the recent intercolonial match to let Victoria to make a few runs so as not to allow the match to he won in one innings, in order to save some henvyjbets. Onr correspondent mentions that great indig nation is expressed in the sister colony at the alleged bribery. Mr Richard Driver, the well-known patron of the manly game, spoke strongly on the subject at the meeting of tho Cricketing Association last night, and urgod onj nil lovers of the game to keep it free from the gambling and bookmaking element, A committee was nppointed to inquire into matter, and we hope tlicy will deal promptly with it, and If the charges are found to be true, mako an example of the offender. Mr' Driver's remarks will go home to all honest criekcters. We have spoken out strongly on this subject, and we are glad to find a gen- leman of such influence as Mr Driver taking it up. in so determined a manner. It mny he mentioned that Tim IIeiiald wn9 tho only jpurnal which noticed the alleged case of bribery. Elsewhere wilh bo found a full report of, the inquest on the young man Quinlan, who died through injuries sustained on Tuesday week. The cricket match between the " Old and New" for the benefit of tbe veteran cricketer, Tom Wray, which wns commenced on the Melbourne ground yesterday, and an nounced to be continued at noon to-day, was postponed till the afternoon in consequence of the Sydney Team having expressed their fl nl/-r mi n fl f inn to 1 men M ..limn .-n K, fl, n Alexandrn at two o'clock, and also to allow our admirers of cricket to bid adieu to the victorious eleven. It is understood that during the next few days tho Government will proceed to make the proposed sub-divisions of tbe districts of registrars of births, marriagesj and deaths, and to appoint the new registrars, A rnodcBt looking girl named Kate Brown was brought before the City Bench to-day on remand, charged with stealing six £10 notes from a woodcutter living at Dande- nong. The robbery is alleged to have taken pincc in a Stephen street brothc). As the prosecutor did n»t appear, Mr Fisher, who appeared for the prisoner, applied for and obtained her discharge, Tho barque Maria Ysasi, from the Pliilli- pine Islauds to Melbourne, 88 days out, was sighted off Wilson's Promontory at half-past 6 o'clock this morning, when she reported all well. Yesterday evening the 7.30 p.m. train from Sandridge, consisting of twenty car riage, was brought to a stop on the south side of the bridge crossing tho Yarrn above the falls, so as to permit of tho St. Kilda train entering the station, it being tho com- pany,s orders that only one train is to cross the bridge at a time. The signal was then given for the. Sandridge train to enter, but she proved too heavily laden to overcome the slight incline at the point where she was brought to a stand. Tho pinch-bar was tried, but ineffectually. For tunately the company's engineer came to the rescue, and succeeded in overcoming the gradient by moving her back a short dis tance, He succeeded in piloting her safely into town 15 minutes late. A meeting of the ratepayers of Gipps Ward was held lost night at Cavanagh's Hotel, to invite Mr. J. Curtain. M.L.A. to allow himself to be nominated for the seat about to be declared vacant. The chairmau, Mr. M. Goldstein, in addrrasing Mr. Curtain, said he held in liis hand signatures represen ting over 700 votes, and lie hoped that Mr. Curtain would comply with the wish of the ratonavers. Mr. Curtain, in renlv. nniil ttit taking into account the large number of persons who had signed the requisition and the spontaneous manner in which the citizens had offered to return him free of expense, had decided him in coming forwnrd. A larpe committee has been formed for the purpose of canvassing the ward on behalf of Mr Curtain. Two French snilors, belonging to the barque St. Marc, were charged at the City Court, this morning, with deserting their vessel. Ope of tho men asseverated, in the most demonstrative manner, thnt ho would prefer going to gaol for the term of his natural life rather than go on noard his pre sent ship, as tho captain had sworn that he would place him (the prisoner) in such dan gerous positions that he would inevitably fall into the sea. The mnn f orther declared that the present master of the St. More had killed several seamen serving with him. The men were ordered to be imprisoned for seven days. As they left the court, one of the prisoners, in remarkably good English, rolled out a volley of oaths directed against his skipper, the bench, and perfidious Albion in genenrf, - — A good looking respectnble young man named EdwaTd Keely, was chargi«J-at the City Court this morning with insulting be haviour opposite the Opera House laBt even ing. It appenrs that Keely was quarrelling with his wife, and the police looked them both up, the woman being acorvrards bailed out, hut failed to appear this morning when called on. After the apprehending constable had given his evidence, Mr Sturt asked the prisoner what he had to say. Keely replied that all hQ had to remark was that unfortu nately he wbb married. The bench appeared surprised at the statement, and suggested that the marriage state wns usually ac cepted as anything hut nn unfortunate one. Tho magistrates recommended tbe man to go home to his wife, kiss and be friends, and eschew drink. Keely took his discharge assuring the bench that he was a strict tee totaler. mh.' spring- JUU1 Juwasrw JIWKWJI jam- pjie t p ally considered to be abont the busiest times for house and sign decorators; The present season, however, ..would appear io oe an exception to ine ruie. As an excmplicntioa of this, a sign writer carrying on business in Carlton, hns tho following notification attached to his shut ters : — " In consequence of the depression of trade, we thiniiiit advisable to continue our Xmas spree. Orders (if any) promptly attended to." A young woman employed in tho Geelong Refreshment Rooms has mysteriously dis appeared, whether to commit matrimony or Buicide does not at present appear, About one o'clock this morning a fire oeourred (says the Qcclong Advertiser) which resulted in the almost entire destruc tion of tho premises of Mr James Palmer, greengrocer and poulterer, at the corner of Upper Hope and Pakington- strcets. There wero seven children sleeping in the house— a one storey ono, composed entirely of wood, and consisting of a shop with small dwelling attached. Constable O'Grady and Constable Keegan were immediately on the spot at tho outbrenk of| the fire, and at some personal risk pulled h at two beds, and succeeded in getting the children out of the room with safeti. The firemen were soon on the J spot, nnd worked well. Mow tho flip originated could not he ascer tained. Mr Palmer is under the impression it must havb broken out in the shop, his bed room at the rear being comparatively un touched ; itwas with tho greatest difficulty he was abb to save himself, however, by getting though a window, ho having ven tured towa'da the front to seo if he eould arrest tho flames. Ho iB insured in the Standard Company, New Zealand, in tho sum of £2)0, but estimates that his stock was worthnt least £400. Tho house was tho proper, y of Mr Dntton, and wns insured in tho Lmdon, Liverpool, and Globe Com pany for 4125, This tine (says the Geelong Advertiser) the £1000 prize in Miller's sweep on tho Qhampios Raoo has certainly come to the Western District. It fcl been won by t bbild, two or three years age, residing at Camperdewn, whose fiber (Mr Parker) took out a ticket in itB n£o. If placed at interest until it is twentyko years of ago, the infant will have a W, ittle fortune with which to commence isineau. Afow nights ago, a Rio hoy of throe years of age was found ymdering in the streets of Oollingwood at ilato hour, and was taken, by a Mr Millr, to the local police station, He was rfpsequently sent to the. Immigrants' Home, fading inquiries as to his parentagoj and to-Hy was brought before the Oollingwood both as a deserted child. Tho police stated thh they, had not succeeded in ascertaining anybing about the child's antecedents. . The! little follow, who is a pretty little by with fair curls, seemed perfectly ! happy and at ease. While before the court he clapped his little hands gntly together, musingly, and carefully oxtoined every body and everything around, Iritli evidently 'great interest and some surprto. Mr Tcm- pleton, P.M. said it., was a pitoto send such a nice child to the Industrial Tlohool, while many persons would bo gladto adopt it. His Worship asked if then was any body iu court who would llo so, hut there, was no responses,' Like tlio mother of Thomns A'BecV'tt, when I she journeyed to London in siireh of her I English lover, the child could oily utter a I Christian name, " Willie." whioHhc gave as his own. The magistrates, thcrdfirc, named the little follow " William Wollugton," tho snraame)from the name of tho stret injwhioh I Mr Miller fonnd him. It was at frst decided I to send tho child to the Indus'.r'nl School, hut Ultimately the bench agreed to send it back to the Immigrants' Home -'or a few days longer, pending further iuqilriea. The parents or guardians of thq child, f anxious to recover him, can hear of him though tho Oollingwood police, and any persoi wishing to adopt liira can see him by coraminicating Wltn tno same quarter. The Apollo Hall is one of the natcst aud prettiest little halls in the city; and tho public appear to be gradually walening to its pleasant qualities, - - The prop'ictor iB making every effort to meet their willies, and he has engaged a compauy whicli.is likely to draw well for Borne time. The. St. Vin- 1 cent Gem Combination is undoubtedly one | peculiarly fitted for this bijou _',heatre. 1 ihe entertainment last night was gi'cn to a I full house, and was received most favorably. | The programme began with the beautiful I ballad Tell mo, my heart, very well rendered 1 by Mrs Harrison. Mr St. Viucctt then I gave Castles in tho Air, and. Mr West | sang Faded Flower. This young Biiger iB justly a favorite. Mr St. Vinceat and Mdllc. Montebello brought down thohouse with their Gaslight Swells, quite as food a thing as ever was done by Harry Riciards. Awato OatooBhin never tires or the audience. His marvellous feats of Ja|auesc legcrdormain, ever varied, create a winder as to how tho human hand can be so precise in itB movements. Out in the Green Fields, by Mr St. Vincent, was capital. But the great feature of the night, that which will make this entertainment take, was tho act called The Fakir To Do You. This ton- sistcd of magic, the Faair being im personated by Mdlle Montebello »nd Sprightly by Mr St. Vincent. Mdlle. Mo'tte- bello's magic is quite as good as any wo have over seen. .The ring trick was so dellly managed that the audience were quite mys tified. A large number of other tricks wtre well done. But Mdllc. Montebcllo's Btyle is greatly in her favor. She keeps the audience on a simmer of laughter all tho while, and her insouciance and humor help lier on wonderfully. Mr St. Vincont manages Sprightly very well. Wc have no doubt that the Apollo Hall will be patronised for some time to come. ' The Fakir of Oolu has been doing a tre mendous business during the past few days. Tho Hall was crowded to excess on Now Year's night, and hundreds were unable to obtain admission. The entertainment now that Dr Silvester has got. into full swing is an extraordinarily lino one. Such hullaci- I nations ns the Ghost we have not seen be fore, and the Fountain as improved is simply indescribable, Tho Mesmeric Suspension, tho most poetic and attractive of all thauma- turgic displays nevorfail to enchain, and tho Spectral Pantomimo sends everybody nway in tho best of humours. Mr Alfred Silvester introduces an act of ventriloquism which is quite aB illusive as any of Messrs Davis' or Yal Yose'a performances and more thoroughly hnmiwous. Altogether the entertainment is splerraid and worthy of extensive patronage. Baby Benson, Miss Jennie Benson, Miss Emma Weippart, and a powerful' combina tion company, intend shortly travelling iu Tasmania. The troupe will he engineered, by Mr \V. Evans, who left for Hobart Town to-day. 