ART NOTES. ART AT THE CENTENNIAL. In the galleries devoted to American art (says the New York Herald}, no less than seven walls, each 100 feet in length, are hung with American pictures. And in simple justice to the contributors it must be said that no previous collection has contained more good paintings and fewer bad ones. Many good friends— some new. some old — look down from the walls. Our best artists are amply represented, although, perhaps, the cream of our collection is not to be found here, but rather in the Art Annex. Passing in rapid view we recognize the ' Gun Foundry,' byWiers; 'The Old Stage Coach,' by Eastman Johnson ; Moron's ' Mountain of the Holy Cross;' F. W. Ward's ' Village Post Office.' Rosenthal's ' Elaine' will attract many a lover of Tennyson. Mr. F. James exhibits a faithful scene of western life in his ' Palace Smoking Car,' with its card Sayers and voluble politicians. The faces are good, but e colouring is crude. Gignoux has exhibited some of his well- known effects. S. B. Gifford is represented by numerous landscapes, all up to his usual stand ard. _ And R. S. Giffsrd renews the assurances he has given of late of his steady and rapid improvement. Of Irving we detect ' Cardinal Wolsey and his Friends,' a host in itself. Bridgmann's ' Passes Pyrenes,' a genre, and ' The Harem,' arestrong in colouring. ' The Duck's Breakfast,' by W. H. Lippincott, is promising. J. M. Hart exhibits the ' Sunny Memories of Berkshire ; ' F. Hill's ' By the Yosemite Valley.' Crane, Whitredge, De Haas, Constant Meyer, Hubbard, and Wordsworth. Thompson are abundantly and happily represented. Wins low Homer exhibits a piece in his characteristic Btyle of naturalism, fall of life and power. There are also charm ing pieoes from Kensett, Cropsey, and Alston. The Art of England.— If America has done well, England, it must be confessed, has dons better. No amount of lawful patriotism will prevent us from yielding the palm graoefully to oar British cousins. In fact, one may already hazard tiie prediction that when the final award comes to be made they will head the total list. Not only is the collection large, bat is throughout unimpeachable. The beet treasures of many of the leading galleries in England have been robbed for the while to make np an array of talent that is overpowering in its general effect, and that one might look for in vain elsewhere. There is one room in particular — a small side chamber to the north — which might be called the chamber of the illustrious dead. Here every picture is eloquent of a bygone age. The portrait of Hannah Moore, by Opie, is loaned by the Duke of Manchester. Many Americans will have their first and probably their own opportunity of seeing tbe originals of West's 'Death of General Wolfe.' and 'Christ Blessing Little Children.' Leslie's 'May Day Bevels,' contrasting pleasingly with Tamer's rather sombre ' Dolbadden Castle' and Molready's 'Village Buffoon.' The 'Banquet Scene' and 'Banquo's Ghost,' by Maclise. is powerful in effect of light and shade. Frith a ' Marriage of the Prince of Wales' is remarkable for its fidelity m preserving the likenesses of the stately cortege without j sacrifice of pictorial grouping. In short, in this one room ' alone there is enough to occupy the student for many a profitable homr. The Englfch watercolours are scarcely in ferior to the oils. But we have only time to cast a rapid glance at two or three of them— Fadena's 'Story of an Honeet Wife,' Jopling's ' In the Conservatory,' and Sir John Gilbert's 'Visit of Francis I to the Queen of Navarre.' The pleasure of visiting the Etiglith collection is rendered complete by the circumstance that each picture bears the t:tle in full and the artist's name. Sfain and Norway. — By a strange freik of fortune the land of ioe and the land of orange are brought to face one another peacefully in the same gallery. The contrast is not so displeasing as it might sound. The Swedish pic tures are warmer than this country suggests, the Spanish less highly wrought. Upon tbe whole the Spaniards, while they reveal the most conscientious manipulation with the brush, do not present a positively attractive array. For this result the subjects, rather than the artists themselves, are to b'arae. The subjects are too serious and heavy, ani also a trifle overworn. France.— Next to the English in point of merit are the French, unquestionably. Their collection is not quite so large and not so carefully weeded. We see here and there a picture that scarcely does its neighbours credit. Still the collection, as a whole, is typical of French style, if not at its highest pitch of protection. The piece de resistance is the portrait of Mdlle. Croizette on horseback, by Daran. Both rider and hone are all that the lover of art can wish for— natural, spirited, and highly attractive. The names represented, and the pictures exhibited, are good. But where are the Coutures and Geromes, the Meissoniers and De La Hoches, who made the exhibition of 1873 at Vienna so attractive ? In view of the array of English talent their ab^nce is painfully felt. Germany. — Not even the most patriotic native of the Fatherland can feel satisfied with his country's display. As a whole it is weak and meagre, and the faw attractive pieecs are easily selected. The number of patriotic pieces is small in comparison with that at Vienna. Without excess of variety, we can claim that Germany is decidedly surpassed by America in breadth of artistic conception and even in colouring. After wandering through so many rooms and corridors lined with thousands of art objects, we have every reason for congratulation that the effort of seeing them has been made so easy. The arrangements for light leive nothing to be desired. Even the world-renowned gallery of Dresden does not surpass Memorial Hall in this respect. The light., except in the northern rooms, comes in from above, is not | too strong, and is perfectly distributed. In no place are the j pictures hung beyond the reach of easy vision. Even 1 the corridors, those crucial tests of a gallery, are j scarcely inferior to the rotunda or the main rooms' The labours of the Art Committee have thus bean facili tated and the artuts have no ground for complaint. About one-third of the smaller rooms ara not yet in readi ness. The Aut Annex. — But Memorial Hall, with a-l its ample rooms, has not sufficed for the display of the world s art. Last winter it was found that the applications for space were pouring m so fast that another building of even larger dimensions would be absolutely necessary. So, without hesitation, the present annex was resolved upen, and almost as promptly called into being. Once inside the visitor loses all consciousness of the fact that he is within the walls of a merely temporary structure. The annex is practically but a continuation and a repetition of the hall. The same names meet his eye, the same wealth of form and colour arrests his attention, and, perhaps, the popular ver dict will be that the annex, as a whole, is superior even to the halL In certain departments it is so unquestionably. The first room that one enters is the most meagre of all. ; Some few Italian marbles are unpacked, but they are not of tbe highest order, and in general the floor is occupied with - unopened boxes. The Italian pictures, both in this room ; and in the one adjoining, are not equal to those in Vienna, and do not give an adequate representation of modern Italian art. The colouring, as might be expected, is good, but the subjects are rather conventional. Among the statues the visitor at Vienna will recognize many familiar forms, such aB ' Pharaoh's Daughter Carrying the Infant Moses' and ' Children Blowing Soap Bubbles.' One striking feature is the great number of small busts and statuettes. j America Again. — It is only when we torn aside into the American rooms that we feel quite sure of our ground. Here certainly the foreigner, who might have doubted our capacity, must acknowledge that he has done us injustice. The array of names and pictures is in the highest degree effective. As before, singling out a few, almost by chance, we note Rensett's ' Lake George,' with its glorious autumnal verdure ; Gifford's ' Venice,' the delicate tints in Colman'8 ' Twilight on the Prairie.' On one wall hangs Bierstadt's ' Yosemite.' and near by its companion, the ' Monarchs of the Forest,' and his ' Mount Hood.' Yet Whittredge's 'Forest Trees' do not suffer much from the proximity of their towering neighbours. De Haas has some more marines, charming as usual, of which the ' Brig Heavingto for a Pilot' happens to strike our hurried fancy. And then who could fail to see Cropley's 'Mill,' or die ' White Hills,'* by Shattuck, or Eastman Johnson's 'Cottage Devotions ?' In a somewhat similar strain, but altogether different in effect, is the ' Sunday Afternoon in New England,' by Bellows. Oiy visitors from over the seas will not fail to be struck with the power and the novelty of Bispham's ' Stampede of Wild Horses on the Prairie.' And the ' Emancipation Proclamation,' to us perhapB an old story, will be to them the vivid embodiment of a great episode in our history. We detect also some very recent acquaintances made at the last exhibition of watercolours in New York, such as Farrer's ' Old House on the Hill' (a twilight scene), W. T. Bichards's ' Sand Hills at Atlantic City/' and, in very happv contrast, ' Paradise atNewport,' Smillie's ' Horse-racing on the Prairie,' Tiffany's ' Old C nriosity Shop,' and Colman's ' Mosque of the Side Hallin Tlemcen.' j Other Countries. — The Dntch pictures, all hung, we believe, are a very satisfactory collection. We have only time to notice Laaee's ' Peasant Women at Work in the Fields,' pieces by Koster, Philipean, Hanedves, and Israel. : The latter has a beautiful picture of ' Fisherwomen looking ! out of the Door,' in the style of his masterly efforts at Vienna. Then there are Roells, Bischof, Hilverden, and Verrier. In the Norway and Danmark department all are ' hung. Norman exhibits two characteristic views of Nor- ' wegians fjords, NiUen exhibits one, Bennelter Mettie and Swensenhave Bca views, Rasnessen a striking picture of Finnish pieasint girls in costume rowing. The Swedish ' I pictures in the Annex are perhaps better painted thani those in Memorial Hull, but are lefs indigenous in cha- j raster. Some of them indeed treat of tropical scene'. ! But we feel under the necessity of doing as Macaulay has ! done in his celebrated essay on history. We can no longer afford to treat of them singly, but must sum them np - by shelves and even nations. The Spanish Election is still backward. That from tbe Argentine Republic and Mexico is in readiness, but it is not of a high order. There are three rooms full from Belgium, containing mtiny beautiful effects, oyer which we would gladly linger if . circumstances permitted. Belgium does almost as well as it did at Vienna. France has another room fulL but in ferior to the array in Memorial Hall. As A Whole. — After all, mere words must fail to give any conception of the fulness and variety of the collec tions in Memorial Hall and the Annex. To say that they are the best that we have ever seen on our own soil would; be but faint praise. Even to say that the collection of | Americana is the largest, most typical, and most carefully weeded, is but scant justioe. One must come and see with his own eyes, must roam for hours, scarcely knowing where to linger without fear of losing something better. The collection is not quite se large as the one at Vienna There is not the profusion of bric-a-brac, antique jewellery, and carvings that graced the Exposition des Amateurs. But, ta?en 'R 111 a'- the present collection will prove most enjoyable ; the rooms are better arranged, the light is msst satisfactory. _ The number f ' big ' pictures — big in super ficial area— is quite limited, and no one room contains bo many objects as to distract the attention. And while we come willing to leam of the great masters abroad, we may also come without dread of being put to shame in thp lesson. _ In conclusion, it may be added that the minor exhibitions of photographs, drawings from native and foreign museums, and the like are still backward. But so much has been done in the past few days that another week will probably dispose of everything except a few | articles unavoidably detained on the road. 