, ? ? . MADCAP VJOIET.* BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author o? A Priwobss op TinrtiB, Tirana Feathers. &c;, Sco. ClIABER XXVIII.— PREPARATtOHS KOR FLIGHT. — (CoNriNUED). It vas the last time he was to see Violet, and he cmed in his pocket the sum of monoy which wa3 b free her from the necessity of remaining longe in London. Nay, he carried double that sumy for, he said to himself, if there was any misclief to be done by tho £100 no greater could be doe by £200 ; .and he would show her that it was »t the value of the money that had made him -au3e. And yet, as he walked up and down Grea Marlborougu-street (she had refused to go aganinto tho theatre) in expectation of seeing her, ie was not a little anxious and, agitated. Tho hances of anyono now interfering to relieve him loni the responsibility ho had incurred wero staallndoed. She would start at once ; how coulchnybody trace hor after sho loft New York? Whei he gavo her that promise ho was convinced he cold talk her out of a determination, which he casidered to be the height of folly ; he had failc in that, and now he 3aw no prospect of her releang him at all. Tb question -ow was— Ought this protnho to bokot? Young Miller was not much of a caauit ; but ho had somo ahrowd common sonso. Ho liew there wore occasions on which peoplo migt legitimately do something not quito 'stright.' Thero wore innocont forms of do coptin, Ho thought thia was too bad. It ' .Iblislied by special arraogemeut wiUi the author. All rvhts reserved. wasn't quite fair to him or to anybody! Sho ought not to expect that the temporary promise was to last for ovor. As ho walked up and down, ho pretty noarly worked himself into tho conviction that, at all risks, he ought to go and tell the gill's father. Now if ho had had aomo male confidant of his own stamp, with whom ho could have debated this question, thero can be little doubt that be would havo gono and told the girl's father. His friend would hava said to him — ' Oh, look here, Miller, you cannot lot tho girl go liko that. If your conscience is tender about your promise, you mU3t do evil that good may come. Lots of people do that. You toll lies to Bick peoplo to make them hope. This is all nonsense ; go away aud'toll tho girl's father at once.' Nay, if the promise had boon 'given to a man, under similar circumstances, it is probable that Miller, without any counsel, would so have acted. Cut it was different with a girl, and that girl Violet North. He could imagino the look of con tempt with, which sho would hear that ho had broken his word. Ho was afraid of her scorn. In tho midst of these deliberations, Violet appeared. 'He is still going on favorably?' she said, gently ; he had been so occupied in thinking of her anger that he was surprised by the sad sweet ness of her voice. 'Oh, first-rate,' said he. 'Talking away as fast as ovor— it is no U3e urging him to be quiet. And I suppose there is no groat harm in talking ; it i3 the thinking that is tho matter ; for his brain still has somo symptoms of feverishness left, and goes on at such a pace that he can't get sleep. That is weakness, you know, feverish ness — a man can'c sleep well unles3 he has exer cise. But in other respects ho is going on won derfully well. Then thero wa3 an'awkward pause. ' Violot,' said he, with some embarrassment, 'I have brought you the money. Since you have asked it, here it i3 ; and if you are really going, £100 Is not enough. -I have brought you £200.' 'I am vory grateful to you,' she said, as she took tho envelope containing the notes. ' I will send it you back again by degrees ; and I know you wou't hurry me.'1 At this moment a suddea thought flashed into his mind th':-.t had nover occurred to him before. If she posted these instalments from time to timo, would not he thus be able to get some ap proximate notion of her whereabouts in America? That was something — but nci much, considering tho row under which she would leave him, 'Now, Violet,' said he, ' you are free to go ; and I suppose this will be the last chance I shall have of begging you to consider what you are doing.' ' I have considered,' ahe said, silly. ' To tell you the truth,' said ho, rather ex citedly, 'I have been considering too, and really, if it come3 to that, I doa't know that I am right in — in ? ' 'Do you mean,' sho said, cilmly, ' that you liave beon considering whether you will break your word of honour ?' ' Well, ho said, with somo compunction, ' I — I — understood it was to b9 temporary.' 'I had no such understanding,' she replied, ' nor did you say anything about that.' ' It is very hard— ' he was beginning to say, when she interrupted him. 'Pray' let us part friends,' she said, with a sudden appeal in her voice. ' You have been very kind to me— be kind now !' ' And you won't oven let me know where you aro to be found ia America, auppo3e anything were to turn up ?' ' No,' sho said. ' I am to be as one dead to yon, and to all here. Ia a year or two it will not matter ; you will have forgotten. And before that, too, I must think of you all as happy and enjoying yourselves— as I told yon before — shooting wild duck, going to the Royal Academy, diuing with Lady North — in everything that may happen to you, as I hope aud pray you may always be, pleased, and happy, and contented. Now, good-bye, I am more grateful to you than I can tell you— you have been kind to me ? ' She was gone— he was left standing thore, bewildered. Somehow, though there was not much sentiment in hi3 nature, he felt sick at heart. It was hard to lose tlm beautiful friend who had for a time been mixed up with his boyish, dreams. He pictured her going cut alone to tbe unknawn world of America — not one human being thore to meet hor aud take her by tho hand. He thought of her lonely life in that far country— o? the years adding to her loueli ne3S, for he had a sort of tesling that she would never marry — until the final night came, and she would pass away without one of her own people or her old friends to be near hor at that awful moment. His dinner at the Judceura that night nearly choked him. nis acquaintances there were conviuced that he had been heavily hit by the sudden fall ia Costa Ricas. Next morning Violet sought an opportunity of speaking with Mr. Dowse in private. 'I beg your pardon, Mr. Dawso, but would it be convenient for 'you to let me leave at the end of the month ?' 'To leave altogether?' ' Yea, 3ir,' aho said, humbly. Mr. Dowse was surprised, and perhaps a trifle offonded. He knew he had dealt generously by this girl ; and here ahe was wanting to leave at littlo more than a week's notice 'I hope you have not found the situation dis agreeable, MLs3 Main?' said ho, somewhat atiflly. ' Oh, no,' aho said, ' on the contrary, you have been most indulgent to me.' ' Ia it a question of salary ?' ' No— certainly not,' sho said. ' I——' ' ' Perhaps you havo another situation in viow?' 'I havo not,' sho said, earneatly. 'I wish to leave- Euglaad— that ia all. I must go. If it would bo convenient for you, Mr. Dowso, I would willingly forfoit a month's salary ? ' Tho moment sho had uttered tho words, sho folt sorry. ' I don't think, Miss Main,' said ho, ' that thoro has boon much monotary dbpute botweon. us. I am sorry you feol it necessary to loavo England ; but, if it ia so, I need BCarcely eay that wo shall not attempt to bin I you by any cm gagement. Perhaps it would bo importincnt if I askod you what your plans aro?' 'I havo nono at all,' she said, simply. 'I am going to America.' He looked at her curiously; he began to ba« lieve there might be something in tho nonsensfc his son had boea talking about this mysterious stranger. ' Well, well, Miss Main,' said ho, cheerfully; 'you aro adventurous; but you have courage. And so you havo resolvod to loavo U3. WoH» you know, you must come down aud bid Mro. Dowse good-byo.' This worthy person, having a suspicion that tho girl was committing a mistake, was of opinion, that nobody could talk her over like Mrs. Dowse, ' What do you say now ? Won't you cbanga your miud about Christmas ?' 'Thank you, sir, I cannot do that. But I shall bo very glad to 'go down and bid Mrs.' Dowso good-bye. Would next Saturday be con.* veniont?' 'Tho clay aftor Christmas?' 'Yes.' 'Cortainly it would. You won't mind coining down to Windsor Station by yoursolf ; as wo shall all bo down in the country from tho Friday to tbo Monday. We will meet you at the station — that is, if we aro not drowned in the floods be fore then. We are living in the middle of a lako at present.' And so it was settled that Violet should go down on tho Saturday to bid good-byo to her friends at Tho Laurels. In the meantime aha made all hor preparations for her departure. Sh» booked her place on board one of the Trans, atlantic steamers ; and got her luggage ready.' On the night before Christmas-day sho went to Covent Garden and bought some flowers — not a bouquet of wax-like blooms, but a basket of primroses, and violets, and snowdrops ; a vision of spring time in the dead of winter. Thon sho went home ; aud took out a rudely-written piece of paper; and there wore tears running down her face liko rain as sho read the words : — 'These flowers are sent to Mr. Drummond from one who received great kindness from him.1' Chapter XXXIX.— 'Soul to Soul !' AH that Christmas-day, until tho afternoon, she spent in her lodgings, soniGtlm63 reading, sometimes staring out of window into the misty street, where the shops were shut, and the peopla who passed wore their Sunday clothes. Sho thought the cold, dismal day would never end. Hor landlady, pitying her forlorn condition, came up and made bold to ask hor whether she would not have something extra for her dinner, seeing it wa3 Christmas-day. Miss Main replied that ehe would be out in the afternoon, and would return for supper, as usual, in the even ing. Then Mrs. Roberts called, and frankly in vited the girl to go over and have dinner with herself and a small party of guests. Miss Main thanked her friend warmly ; but said she had an engagement. lathe afternoon, as it was drawing towards duuk, Bhe put on her shawl and bonnet, and a thick veil, and went out. The gas-Iamp3 wera being lighted in tho misty twilight. Notwith standing tho heavy raius that had recently fallen, the atmosphere was cold and raw ; occa sionally the yellow light from tho lamps sparkled , on the frosty pavements'; she vaguely knew the road3 would be slippery outside tho town, whither sho was going. It seemed strange to her to look at the peopla who were passing— silent, content, occupied only in thinking of the present moment, of the cold, or tho hour, or tbe condition of the crossing-. They were few in number ; the streot3 were moro deserted than on a Sunday ; ovor the closed shops she saw tho windows lit up— thore, doubtless, were pleasant gatherings of friends, doubtless having a cbat and a laugh togothor before the festivities of the evening began. Sho walked on — scarcely knowing what to think of all tho world around hor— until she got an omnibus bound for Victoria-station; and that she entered, finding herself tho only passenger. It was otherwise at tho station ; for here there wero a good many people, mostly young mon in evening dres3, who wero obviously goiug out to parties in the suburbs. They wore in groups laughing aud jesting. She sat in a cornor of tho j dimly-lit waiting-room until it was time for tho train to start. Thero were two or three friends, bound for tbe same house, in tho carriage with hor. They were joking merrily. They wero young Germans, I and a trifle boisterous ; but sho forgavo the bo;3 I their high spirits— was it not Christmas-timo? I As sho drew near Denmark-hill station, her I heart began to beat moro rapidly. She rccog« I nised the voice of tho porter calling out as tho I train stopped ; she hurriod by him— scarcely I looking at tho wreaths of evergreens hung all I around— for she wa3 afraid ho might remembor I hor. It was the first Christmas sho had ouiittod I to pay a half-crown toll for the30 pleasant do:ora« I tions. I Up hero the air was keener and clearor ; a I star or two wero faintly visible ia the grey I overhead ; tho pavemeuts sparkled with tbo I frost ; a great silence lay ovor tho black treoa I in the gardens. And through theso troos and I bushes sho caught glimpses of glowing win- | dows ; here and there a blind lifted or a cur* I tain pushed aside showed her brilliant rooni3, I and green decorations, aud figures— doubtlosi I those of children— dancing ; aud sho heard tho I sounds of merry music. One large gato stood I open ; she went in a stop or two, and stood by I tho laurel bushes. Was not this 'Sir Rogor da I Coverloy ?' Thoro wero screams of laughtor, and I children's voicos ; through tho whito curtains g Bho could seo that picture of joyou3no33 withiD. I When she turnod away, thero wero tears running I down hor face. It was hor lost look at an I English Christmas. | At longth sho got into tho Grove ; and it w&* I with slow stops, and with a groat foar in hor /I hoart, that sho drew near the houso sho had boon '? wont to approach with gladness and confidonco. I Sho looked all round ; thero was not a human I being visible in tho thoroughfare. Sho vonturei I to go up as far as the house— on tho othor flido of I the road— and stood for a second or two looking I at it. What sho aaw cas plain onougu-tUe I peaked roofs, tho diamond-pancd windows, tu9 I irions little verandah.and the lamp swinging over ?_o door, tinder tbo porch : what she experienced tfiea of tho wild anguish of farewell no human being will over tnow. She pictured to herself the group within, in the email dining-room— tho sick man, lying on hia couch, pretending to be bravo and strong so aa to help along tho simple- festivities, perhaps rawing a glxss into hia lean hand anil calling on them to drink a glas3 to their absent friends. She . would not bo included, even in. that. Bat surely they would think of her on this night of all ni^lits in tho year, and they would think not unkindly of her, for the sako oi old times She could not bear this desperate sobbing ; it ?was like- to break her heart. And yet it was hard to tear herself away. There was but a. Bhort distance now between her and all that sbo loved upon earth ; soon the great Atlantic would be bctweon them. ' Good-bye— good-bye !' her heart said to them, in its yearning lovo and agony. 'If you know I was so near, you would come- to mo— you ?would ask mo to go in— I should not be a stranger .... Perhaps there is an angel watching over that house, to bring peaco to it, and gladness. Ho knows why I go away. 0 my dearest friends, good-bye— good-byo for the last timo !' Sbe walked away, her head bont down, her breast heaving with its sobs. Sho went by thoEO brilliantly-lit windows, whence the sound of music issued, liko some niuto ghost of misery. Sho did not walk far, however ; for she had not accomplished the chief part of her mission. After a time, when she had quieted herself somewhat, sho began, to look around for some one who would become her messenger ; but it ?was some timo before she saw a single human being, tho thoroughfares wero so deserted. At last, however, sho heard a small boy approach ?whistling. She asked him if he would tako the basket sho held in her band, with a note, and leave them at a certain door. He looked curiously at her. Sho said sha would givo him a abilling, and he at once consented. So sho walked lack with him to the Grove, entrusted him with tho flowers and tho folded piece of paper, and then hurried away in tho gloom. Jamea Drummond was lying on the sofa in the drawing-room, propped up by tho cushion, and Amy was at the piano, playing to him. His sister entered the room, carrying something, aud Eaid — ' What a strange thing ! Hero is a basket cf flowera for you, James — and this bit of paper, which was hauded in with them ? ' Her faco was quite bright. Sho thought it was a kindly action. Sho hauded him tho note, which Lo opened. The next moment sho was startled by a quick cry. Sho turned at once, and to her horror saw her brother apparently making a n'orco attempt to rise from tho coucii, while his faco was wild and white. ' What is it, James ?' ?' Sarah, Sarah !' ho cried, holding out the paper with a shaking hand, ' she is alive ! I tell jou that Violot is alivo ! I know — I know— only herself would think of this — it is a message from soul to soul ! — Violet ? ' Ho sank back, speechless and exhausted. 'Yes, James,' said his sister, soothingly. She was dreadfully alarmed by this wild scene ; and eho jumped to tho conclusion that he had lapsed again into delirium. 'Perhaps they are from Violet — you must bo still now ? '* ' Woman, woman !' he cried, with still another frantic effort to rise, 'don't stand there! Send after her ! Send after tho messenger ! Who brought them?' ' A boy,' replied Mrs. Warrener, thoroughly . bewildered, for her brother did not appear to bo delirious, though he spoke these incoherent words. 'Send after him— quick, quick ! Ask him where he got the flowers— and the message — '? — ' Sho ran at once, out into tho night. If this were madness, it would soothe him to know Bho had obeyed him. Or was there some wild possibility— some subtle sense in hisover-exciiod brain ? ? Well, sho had not, far to go ; for thoro way the boy, under the gas-lamp, examining the shilling, and biting it with his teeth, to piovo that his good luck was not a delusion. ' Boy,' sbosaid hurriedly, ' you brought the ffowors to our door ?' ' Yes, ma'am,' ho said, suddenly plunging the shilling into bis pocket. 41 Who gave you them ? Whore did yon get them ?' i( The lady gavo mo them— I met her round the corner ? ' ' What was she like ? A yourjg Jadv i' ''Yds.' 11 And tall ?' 'Yes, and sho wore a thick -veil ; and I tbiuk bIio was crying.' Mr». Warrcner began to ticmble in every limb. ' Which way did Bhe go ?' 'That way.' He pointed away down the dusky thoroogh iare, which was now silent and empty. Mrs. Warrener went back to tho house. Hor steps were not very firm; and her face, as sho entered tho room, was as white as that of her biothor, who stared at her with eager, excited eyes. ' Oh, James— is it possible ? Tuo boy— the toy saya it was a young laly who gave him the flowers— a tall young lady— she wag veiled— and he thought she wag crying ? ' Tho sick man sank back on tb.9 cushion. ' Violet ia alivo and in London, Sarah,' he eaiil faintly. » you must find her ? AUve .... Oar Violet here a few minutes ^ ? . . .' And then he murmured to hJra 6e'f| as he turned bis Load away from the glare titb.e.Hghtj 'Qh} M*(!;ap, Madcap, wliaj bayg SOadono !'' 