O A E I T A. fl* MBS. OlIPHANÏ, AtTTHOE OP "THU CHBO^IOEiÉa OF. OABLINGFOBD." " THIS PBBPEI'UAL OUBÀTJS," ETC. CHAPTER XIV. -THE OLD PEOPLE. When lira, Beresford died aa lias boen. describee there was a great fluster of talk aud private du cussioa among all wno knew har about the part: culara.of lier death, lt was " so sudden at lase, .after ^iviug every indication of turning out lingering and slow malady, buat public curiosit was y<iry greatly excited on the subject. True, th talk was suppressed peremptorily by Mr. Maxwe] whenever he came across ic, charitably by other lea authoritative judges; but it ling- red, as waa natu ral, aud poruapt tue uereaved huabaud did not hav all tnat fullness of sympathy which generali, attends so great a loss. There were many peoplt : indeed, co whom it appeared that such a loss wu worse even thau a mure simple and less my atari ous one, aud tüat the survivor wasentided to mor iusce cd of leas pity; but mysteriouacircumstance ' ai vaya dauip che public sympathy more or lea. and paoplH do not lise to compromise theuiselve by kindness which might seem complicity of guilt, knowledge, it', iu the course <»f time, any thing nu Jcúowu at cbe moment snould be found out. Thu Janies Beresford,. hough much pitied, did not mee with that warmth of personal sympathy whicl circuniatancesjike his so often call forth. Ile wa not himself sensible of it, indeed, but too miserabl to take any notice of what was going on aroum ' him ; hut most of his friends wero fully sensible o thia fací;, a-id aware that hut few overtures of ac tive kindness wore made to the melancholy man whose very abandonment of his home and life nind( another item in the mysterious indictment agains him, of which every body felt the burden, yet nu body knew the rights, lt was in these painful cir cuuidtances that Mr^. Meredith first formed thc . link which now associated her with her next-dooi neighbour. The iirsi time he had come home aftei . his wife's death, which was only for a week or two the kind wmman had mer, him-indeed, had laic her simple, tender-hearted plan to meet him-g. >in£ listlessly into bia forsaken home. She had gont up to him, holding out her hand, her features al! moved and quivering with feeling. " Won't yoi . come in and sit with me in the evening ?" she said " It ia the time one feels one's loneliness most aud my boys are away, Mr. Beresford." Her sofl ej'es, as she raised them to him, were full of tears; her look ao pitiful, so full of fellow-feeling, thal , his heart 'was as much touched for her as her¿ seamed to be for him. Of all ways of consolation Vi9 there any a'-» effective ts that of leading those whom you grieve for to grieve also a little for you, as » fellow-sufferer ? His heart was touched. He could not persuade himself to go the very first evening, but he came soon, and when he had come once, returned again and again, It was the first new habit, ho formed after that mournful breaking up uf ali his habits. He could not bear much at a time of the dismal place which he still called home; but now and then he was forced to bethere¡ aud when he came, this new sweet habit gave him a little strength to meat the chaos into which his life otherwise was thrown. Did not Dante, too. get a little comfort from the sweet looks of that sympathising woman who used to glance at him from her window, after the lady of his heart was carried oy the angels to heaven? There was no wrong to his Annie in that refuge which kindness made for him from the miseries of the world. Evidently it became a matter of course that he should seek that shelter. He went out of his house an i knocked at hers mechanically, and would sit by her, content only to be there, often saying little, getting himself softly healed and soothed, and made capable of taking up again the burden of his life. She was not the same kind of woman as his wife-her habits wtre different. The variety, tan fluctuating charm, the constant movement and change that were in Mrs. Beresford did not exist in this other. She would sit and work by t,he lamp light, looking up sweetly to answer, but happy to he silent if her companion liked it. She made her- self » 1 way s the second and not the first, respond- ing to, t.ot leading, the other's words. Her gift waa to divine what was in others, to follow where they went. It was this that made her so popular with ali her friends. When they came to her for advice, she would give it without that doubt and fear of responsibility which restrain so many people. For why ? She had a rule which was in- fallible, and which mado her safe from responsi- bility, although she was not herself aware how closely she acted upon it. Her infallib'o guide was a faculty of seeing what people themselves wished, how tteir own judgments were tending, and what individually they wished to do. Thi* she followed sometimes consciously, but often quite unconsci- ously, as habit led her ; and she was nev*r afraid of saying Do this, or Do that. It was one of her great attractions. She might be wise, or she might be less than wise in her decisions, her friends said, but she never shilly-shallied, never was afraid of saying to you with sweet frankness and boldness what she thought it would be good to do. The conséquence of this simple rule was that good advice from Mrs. Meredith's lips was ever so much more popular than good advice had ever been known before, it is not a commodity which is generally admired, howaver amiable it might be : but those whom she advised w^re nob only edified, but flat- ternd and brightened. It made themselves feel more wise. It was sweet at once to the giver and to the receiver, and kindled an increa-ed warmth of sympathy between them. Now find then, to bo sure, the cause of action she recommended might not be a suoe-wful one ; but is not that the case With all human counsel ? This, which was tho secret of her power with all her other friends, sub- jected James Beresford, too. As there is nothing so dear to a mau as his own way, so tbore is no individual so dear a* that friend who will recom- mend nutt glorify bia own way to him, and help him to enjoyment of it. This phe did with a gentle patience aud con-.taney which wore winier ful. It was natural to h«r, like all great gifts ; and the groat charm of it all was that few people sus- pected the reihetioM from their own foelingH and sentiments which coloured Mrs. Meredith's mind ; nor was she at all invariably aware of it herself. Sometimes she believed implicitly in her own advice as the natural growth of her own thoughts aud experiences, and believed herself to have au independent judgment. And it is to be supposed that she hadopînions and ideas-certainly elie bad ways of her own, the brightest aud kindest, and nabab caressing that could bo conceived. This Was the secret of those abaènces which had left Cara' ao' lonely; They had become how the continued and constant habit of her father's life. And it would be vain to say that this had been done without remark. While he Was at nonie tor a week or two only in a year, no one said any thing about bia frequent visita to the kind neighbour whu waa not even a widow ; but lately he had stain longer when ha came back to the Square, sowetiuia remaining a mouth iuatead of a week, and now it waa understood that he had returned " for good." Both Mrs. Meredith and Mr. Beresford had, it am.,v be supposed, friends who took the responsibility of their conduct, aud thought it necessary to supervise them iu their innocent but i.nuoual intimacy, ano these excellent persona were in the attitude of sus- pended judgment, wailing to see what difference Cara's presence would make, and that of Oswald, in the one house and the other. But it had not aa yet made any ver> apparent difference. At nine o'clock, or thereabouts, the door would shut in th« one house, and cook and John would exchange glances, while in the other the bell would tinkle, and the two maids, who divided J hhs diitie.« between them, would say, " There ie Mr. Beresford as usual!" and shrug their shoulders. He came ir . nd they did not take the trouble now even ic aunounce the habitual visitor, who had his special chair and his special c»rner, na if he belonged tc the house, Sometimes the two friends would talk loug and much; sometimesthe^ scarcely.talked «1 all. They knew each other like brother and bister and yet tbero was between them a delicate separa- tion such as does not exist between relations. Ir the warm room, softly lighted and friendly, flu man who had been wounded found a refuge which was more like the old blessedness of home than an j thing else could be, and yet was not that blessed- ness. It did not occur to him that because his daughter had come back to him he was to be ban- ished from this other shelter. Cara's coming, in- deed, had scarcely been her father'« doing. Manj diacussions on the point had iaken place among al his friends, and Mrs. Meredith had been spurred u¡ by everybody to represent his duty to him. Sb< had done it with a faint sense in her mind that ii would affect herself in some undesirable way, anc with a certainty that she was departing altogethe: from her usual rule of argument with the persona wishes of h«r client*. Mr. Beresford had no per sonal wish on the subject. He preferred rathe: that Cara should stay where she was happy. "1 she come here, what can I do for her ?" he said '.My society is not what'a girl" will like. I. cai not take her to the dances and gayities which wil nlonaa hov." " Wliy not ?" Mrs. Meredith had said. "Why not I" ile was lîBtrified by her want of percoption. "What could Ido in such places? And she is happy where she is. She has women about her who know how to manage be*, lier coming will derange my life altogether. You, who feel every body'« difficulties-you must feel this. What am I to do with a girl of seventeen? It would be wretched for her, and it could not be any addition to my happiness." " Don't you think too much of that ?" said Mrs. Meredith, faltering; for indeed this was not at all her way. And it was hard for her to go against those ftelings.on the part of her companion which, on ordinary occasions, she followed implicity. Even for herself, Cara's presence would complicate the relations generally; but when she saw her duty, she did it, though with faltering. Every body else had spurred and goaded her up to this duty, and she would not shrink. " If you are going to settle, you ought to have your child with you," *' That you should dwell like this upon abstract thoughts I" said Mr. Beresford "you,who are so full of understanding of personal difficulties. It is not like you. If I feel that Cara is bettor where she is-happier, more suitably cared for-" " Still, you know when the father is settled at home, his only nhild should be with him," Mrs. Meredith reiterated, She was faithful to her con- signe. If she did not see ic, other people did, for whom she was the mouthpiece. But it will be perceived that those persous were right who said she was not clever. AVhen she was not following her favourite and congenial pursuit of divining others aud reflecting them in her own person, she was reduced to this helpless play of reiteration, and stuck to her one point till every body was tired of it. Beresford was so impatient that he got up from his chair, and began to pace up and down th a mom. ' " There is reason for all things," he said, *. M; hou.se now is emphatically a bachelor house ; ni] servants suit me ; my lile is arranged as I like it r, at leant, as I can support "it be.-t. Cara woult make a revolution in every thing, What shoiUcl '. do with her; how should I amuse her''» for, o course, she would want amusement. And she ii b&ppy;, quite h ppy, where sheis ; nowhere woulc she be so well as she is now. My aunt and inj sister are wrapt up in her. Yes, y«s, of course J am fond of my poor little girl ; but what could 1 do with her P You are always so reasonable, bul not here." " Sho should be with her father," said Mrs. Mere- dith, sticking to he consigne} and of course he thought it perversity and opposition, and nevei divined what it cost her to maintain, against all her habits of mind, the opposite side. When, how- ever, it appeared by the Sunninghill letters, that the ladies there toole the same view, Mr. Beresford had no moro to s»y. Ile yielded, but not wi h u good gr ace. " You «hall have your will," ho said ; " but Cara will not be happy." He did not take Oswaid Meredith into consider- ation, or any such strange influence ; and as for changing his own hanits, how was that to be thought of P Life was hard enough anyhow with all the alleviations which fate permitted. Did any ono suppose that a girl of seventeen, whom ho scarcely knew, could be made into a companion for him by the mere fact that she was his daughter P No ; his mornings, which were occupied with what he called hard work; his afternoons, which he spent among his serious friends in his clubs and learned societies ; and that evening hour, most re- freshing to his soul of any, in which the purest sympathy, the tenderest kindness, proceda cordial 1 which kept bim alive-which of these was it to be supposed, Le would give up for the society of li't'e Cara P He waB very glad to give hw all ibat waa wanted for her comfort- a goud, careful attendant, plenty of dresses and pocket money, and ao fori h ; nut he could not devote himself, aüiblx. (who could öxpectit?) to the ocio y of a child. That any one ihould expect this gave him even a little repution iroiu a half prejudice against her. Wht-n she ap- peared, with that serious, i alf-disappioving look 01 uera, and when he realised her, seated up stairs in that drawing-room which he had never <-nured since her mother's death, among all her mother s i «lies, recalling to him at once a poignant tense ol his losa,anda bharp thrill of conscious pain in having ao far surmounted that lows and put it be Liiud him, the impulae of separation came atill more strongly upon him. He abut himself up in bia atuuy more determinedly m the morning, and iu the evening had more need than ever of the con aoliug viaita which wouuo him up aud kept his morai being in harmony, Ile bad t" a&k; Mrs. Me- redith her advice and her opinion, and ask her guioaûce in reapect to Cara. Who could tell bim ao well what to do wiih a girl aa the kindest and best ol women ? Oawaid, who had been at home for tonie time, did not like these visits so well as nis mother cid, and no one ever suggested io thc young mau that he wa« (fc trop; but, to be sure lhere were pauaes in their conversation when ihit third person waa present, and allusions would be made which he did nut understand So that latterly he had been out or in the library down stairs whee Mr- Beresford came ; very often out, w ich Mrs Meredith did not like, but did not know how ti prevent, for to be sure, sho fait the embarrassment also of her son's slight disapproval, and of the re atraiut his presence produced. Why should he j cause a restraint ? her boy 1 but she felt that he die so, audit maoe her unhappy. It was plensameî I in the former evenings, when Mr. Beresford came i home only now and then, and there was neither i : Cara nor an Oawald to perplex the simple state o¡ ! ftffjiira. ! "How is she to amuse herself ?" Mr. Beresford said to her. " Yes, yes, I know you will do what you can-when was there ever* a time when you did not do what you could, and more?-but I can not take her about, T can not hav« any one in the house to keep her company ; and how is she to live here, a young girl, alone ?" " I think Cara will clo very well." said Mrs. Meredith. She can always come to me. I have told her so ; and the people we know are ¿ll call- ing. She will soon have plenty of friends Peo- ple will invite her, and you must go with her here aud there." " J go with her ? You know Imw I hate going out !" , " Once, at least-say only once. You must do that, and then > ou will find Cara will have her friends; she will not be a difficulty any longer. I am glad you trust in me to do what I can fe r her - and Oswald." " Of course, I trust in you," be said ; " but it will break up everything. I know it will-after coming to a king of calm, after feeling that I can settle down again, and that life is not utterly dis- tasteful to me. You will not wonder that I should be frightened for every thing. And you who have done so much for me." " I have not done any thing," said Mrs. Meredith, looking up smiling from her book. " You say so, but it is you who have done every thing ; and if I am to be plucked from my refuge now, and pitched forth upon the world- I be- lieve I am a coward, I shrink from mere outside intercourse, from being knocked up against one and another, and shut out from what I prize most " 44 How can that be ?" she said. '* You get fretful you men, when every thing does not go as yoi wish. Have a li« tie patience. When Oswald came home first, it teemed at first as if he, dear boy, wat going to upset all my habits ; but it was a vain fear. The fnvt little strangenpss is over, and hf has settled down ; and we are happy - happier thar ever. It will be the same with Cara and you," Beresford gave a half groan of dissent I feai Mrs. Meredith saw that it had a double meaning and that it expressed a certain impatience of hei son as well as of his daughter ; but this was one of the things which she would not see. 44 Yes," she said, with a little nod of her head 441 will answer for it, it will just be the same with Cara and you." Air. Beresford gave a little snort at this of abso- lute dissatisfaction. " I don'i like changes of any kind," he said; 44 when we have got to be tolerably well in this dismal world, why not be content with it, and stop tbore ? Le mieux est I ennemi du bien, How true that is! and jet what can be better thau well? I dislike changes, and this almost more than a»»y other. I foresee it will bring nea thou- sand'troubles-not to you I hope,''ho said, his voice slightly faltering ; "it would be unbearable indeed if it brought any trouble to you.'' 44 Cara can not bring any trouble to me," she said brightly; 44of that I am sure enough: >ou are milking a ghost of the dearest child. By-aud-by you will see how sweet she is, and how pood." 44 AU girls have a way of being sweet and good," he «aid cynically, which was a mood quite uncon- genial to him and out of his way » 41 That.is nor, like you," said Mrs. Meredith. Ho knew it. was not. The thought had passed through his own mind that the saying waa ungen »-.rou" aud unworthy of him, and imwurthy of lier, which was woruo What could any man he worth who could utter one of those foolish stock taunts against womou in any story of life before a womiin who was to him the queen of frionds, tho essenco of every thing consolatory mid sweet? "You are always right," he replied, hastily, "and 1 am wrong, ns a matter of course, 1 .vm out of sorts. I had just caught hold ol' life again and found it practicable, and hem seems something that may unsettle all ; but I am wivmg, it is almost certain, and you muat be right." "That is a delightful sentiment-for me; but I am sure of my ground about Cara. Oh, quite sure," she said ; 41 aa sure-as I am of my own boys." Beresford did not say any thing, hut he breathed a short, impatient sigh, Her boys were all very well at a distance. When they had b»on absent he had been fond of them, and had shared in the touches of sentiment of all Mrs. Meredith's friends of regret for their absence ; but when a small share 'even of a,wonano company has become one of I your aily comforts, ir. is difficult not to fiud her grown up son in your way. He reflexed upon this at* he shook hunos with her, and went back to his dwelling-place next door with a consciousness of impatience which waa quit« unjustifiable. To be sur.-., her grown-up aon had a right io her *hich no- thing could gainsay, and was, in a sort of a way, ni*ater of the houa« uuder her,,and might,even have a kind of rignt to show cor iain mild objections and dislikes to special visitors. Mr. Beresford coula not deny these privileges of aeon j hut they galled him, and th re was in his mind an unex- pressed irritation ngamal 'hose troublesome mem- bers of the generation who would thrust them j selves in the way of iheir elders, and tread up/m their beela perpetually. Children were much pi«-a sauter than these growu-up young peopl*. . Heid^d not >ee'he use of them. Caiat ior iuatauce, though, it was supposed she waa to keëp hout-e fur her father, of what use was she in ihe house?. Copk (naturally) knew a hundred times more than, abe did. and kept evi-r.v thing «.oing as on .wheels.'., ,As for OMWHLJ Meri dith, who had been a sprightly and delightful boy, what wa« he now P-an .idle young man a out low», quite beyond his mother's mauagMmen i ; noing nothing, probably g-.od for nothing, idling i^way the bent jeara of his life. Why did not the send him to India, as he was doing ao little here? What an ease to everybody con- cerned thur would be! He thought,of it in the most philosopbical way, as good for everj hedy but for the young man-a relief to hiB mother's anxieties, a thing which his best friend« must de- sire. What a pity that it could not be doi e at once ! But it would scarcely be good policy on his part to suggest it to Oßwald s mother. She might think he had other motives, and what mo- tive could he have except to promote the welfare of the son of such a kind friend ? (TO BK CONTINUED.) j By a telegram just to hand from their London agents, the Australasian Steam Naviuation Oompauy are advised ot' the departure, from GlaBgow, on the 28th November, of their new twin-aorew atoamer " Elamang." . . . . . There is now to be seen at the Museum alive snake of the species beast's Childrenii from New Cf uinea, which has more resemblance to the boa .con- strictor or python, as it is not venomous, but kills its prey with its constrictive or squeeziug power 'When received at the institution it was shedding it« coat, abd presented a rather ragged appearance; but having done that, it now shows a beautiful glistening coat. ' It eats scarcely anything dead, but will coil itself round a rat or cat, and after killing it, readily devour it À good deal of interest in its operations has boen manifested by the visitors to the Musenm. . . > Ou Friday night, last we»k, the flour-mill'at Delegate, the property of Messrs. Hayes and Body, was burnt to the ground. Tho origin of the fire, says the Bombala Ihmes, is not known, but it is presumed to bo accidental. Mr. corgo Hayes, with assistance, did all he could to save tho building, anU managed to secure the water-wheel und a portion of tho machinery, but, by the time he arrived on the Bpot the flames had ob- tained such a fast hold ou the mill that it WOB impossi- ble to do anything towards saving it « r. Hayes at the time of tho mishap was negotiating for tho in»uranco of the mill and machinery, and tho agent for the Victoria Insurance Company (Mr. Tweedie) had the interim re- ceipt iu his possession, and only a few days prior to the fire had asked . r. r ayes if it was hi« intpntion of com- pleting tho transaction ; «ir. Hayes replying that he would see about it in a few days. Trio building being uninsured, the loss to Messrs. Haye« and Body is some- thing considerable, as they not only lose the property, but it will interfere materially with their hilliness at Delegate, as the wheat season is now close at hand. The new Public-houses Bill has passed through committee in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria. The chief alteration made in tho txiscing law was the excision of the provision for tho issue of grocers' licenses, this decision being arrived at by a coalition of the teetotallers and publicans. Tho question is to be re-considered, ami a petition, signed by 20,000 persons, is ready for presentation to Parliament The measure provides that no new public bouse licenses shall bo issued within three years of its passing into,JL»w, and only after that time upon a majority of the. rate- payers of the neighbourhood expressing at. the ballot box heir desire for au increase in the uumberof public houses. The existing law as io Sunday trading is not altered, though the Government regret tbatitissystem- atical ly violated. Publicans whoallow thieves and impro- per persons to frequent their premies will, if con Vc ted a certain numbor 01 times, be absolutely disqualified ; and after a second conviction thc owner of the premises will receive notice of the '^qualification, and will be informed that the premises will bo liable tn be dis- qualified on a third conviction of the licensee-the object being to tn»ko it the interest of proprietors of houses to Becure respectable teñan »a. A licensed victualler convicted of selling adulterated liquors i<* to be puui*hed by tho pooting of a notice nf such conviction uver his door Tho old license fees aro still to bo divided amongst the municipalities from which thoy are received, but the now license foes are to be paid into the consolidated revenue BO that lo al bodies onall have no inducement to incraise the number of licensos. Mr. Macpherson, of Fortitude Valley, who was thc first curator of tho Queensland colimo isation So- ciety, ha» showuthe Wink, published at liiishme, two excellent np 'ciraens of tn pi mido fro ni the inner and fibrous bark of the Moreton Bty fig-tree. The one piece was about twelve feet l°"g, »nd nvfr three feet wide, til« second pieeo b"ing about ten feet long, and about the samo width. Tho mode of preparation was by steeping a long strip of tho bark, dependent on tho leujít h of cloth required, in water, until it, w«s qu'te soft and pliable, aud then vol ling it out with a hard wof'd roller, ou a hardwood table to the width and thickness desired. ' . t first Mr. Macpherson j tried to beat it out, but found that that process broke tho material. Tho samples are a coarse au«l finer ono, and ot' a dark colour, corresponding with that of tho bark itself. They are not so floe or white ns tho tapa (or native cloth) of the South Sea Islands ; but thoto two condition* depend tho one on the ealour of tho bark, and tho other on the process of manufacture. The bark of tho paper mulberry tree (BrniiHonetia) from which tho Polynesians ma«o their tapa, is of a much whiter quality, and we think, also, a, finer tex turo than tho bark of tho Moreton Bay fig treo. Tho nativos beat out that, bark with round pieces of wood ou a Hat hoard, and can produce a fabric of web-like flnenen«, or of good, ntout, uerviceahle. quality. There in a knack in making this material which comes with habit, and Mr. Macpherson perhaps lacks that, for ho Í8 ouly an amateur in ibo ait at present, h e, how- ever, deserves tho thanks of the community for the notice he has drawn to ono of our usoful trees, and the manner in which ita bjirk may bo profitably utilised, 