TOWN TALK. In accordance with our usual custom we shall publish to-mortow but not on Satur day. The General Committee of the Protestant Orphan Asylum met yesterday, when there were present—Messrs Wood, Sander, Hall, Shirra, K. Scott, Hunt, and Wigbton. The report furnished by the Visiting Committee i was deemed very satisfactory, and Messrs Johnstone and Langhorne were appointed .visitors for tlie month.. The application of a mother, asking that her two children might be delivered up to her, was complied -with. Another similar application was held over until further information as to tho circum stances of the applicant had been obtained. Another mother, on presenting certificates from respectable people to the effect that she was a most trustworthy and deserving per son, had her children given up to her. In structions havingbeen given for the admission of a child, the proceedings terminated. A meeting of the employes of the various woollen factories was held in South Geclong last evening, for the purpose of taking into consideration the advisability or otherwise of establishing an Accident Provident Society in connection with the factories. Mr AY. Humble having been specially invited to attend, was voted to the chair, and it was moved by Mr Jane, seconded by M r Battye, that "A Geelong AVoollen Factories Accident Provident Society be formed, and that all employes in the factories be members thereof." These gentlemen dilated at length upon the advantages to be gained ; how, in the event of accident, any member of the society would be independent of the public, which had been sufficiently taxed already, but all their argu ments proved of no avail, and the motion was lost. The children attending Christ Church Sunday School held their annual picnic in the Queen's Park yesterday, but the arrange ments for their conveyance to and fro were far from being so complete as could have been desired, and many were naturally disap pointed that the pic-nic was not held, as originally annouueed, at Point Henry. Queen's Park they can visit any day, but. this is not the case so far as Point Henry is concerned. Only one large van "the Light of the Age" was provided for their convey ance, thus half the children had to wait for its return or walk. Want of funds was doubtless the cause of this scarcity of vehi cles, if so, it is to be regretted that parents of children who are under a debt of gratitude to the Rev. . Mr and Mrs Goodman and the numerous teachers who, without fee or reward, devote their attention on Sundays to the instruction of tho young in religious matters, were not more liberal in their con tributions. When, however, the fun was once set going in the park, the children en joyed themselves amazingly. The weather was delightful, Mr and Mrs Goodman, the Misses Goodman, and other teachers very attentive, the supply of refreshments com mon to such occasions, ample, and the sports improvised, numerous. Mr AAffilkcr kindly placed his merry-go-round at the disposal of the committee, and this was well patronised throughout the day. A good proof of oysters being in Corio Bay was obtained a day or two ago. The mushroom anchor to which tho" harbor master's boat was moored, was after twenty months' submersion drawn on to the wharf. It had sunk slightly into the mud. Bound the rim seventeen oysters of the ordinaiy size of the Sydney roek bivalves were found adhering to tho iron. The term of office of Mr Michie, as Agent General. expired on the 2oth of April last. AVhether ho will consent to accept office for another three years has not been ascertained, but the Aye, from which paper we derive our information, appears to think there is no doubt upon this point. In the matter of Thomas Cameron Close late accountant of Middleborough, Yorkshire we learn that the foolish fellow, not content with coming out here himself, has brought with him a wife and five children. Either ho never expected to be followed and caught, or he. has, in addition to his other crimes-if guilty of any-been guilty of great cruelty by bringing his wife and little ones into a strange country, sixteen thousand miles away from their friends, to whom they might look for assis tance in their painful hour of need. Captain Snee, instructor in gunnery, held an official inspection at Drysdale on Tuesday evening, at which 3S officers, non-commis sioned officers, and gunners were present one officer (Capt. M'AVilliams) and 11 gun ners being absent. The men fell in under Lieut. Hall, and it was remarked that tho inspecting officer found: but little if any fault with the general appearance of the detach ment. The inspection over, Capt. Snce gave one of his interesting lectures on gun nery, the subject chosen being " The AVooI wich system of guns." Ho described the nature of the rifling of the heavy ordnance now, adopted in the Imperial service, and explained the difference between the uniform and increasing twists of the bores of these formidable weapons. Next lie touched upon the various projectiles of the Woolwich type, and explained the various uses to which each projectile would bo applied in actual warfare. Witli the assistance of diagrams the lecture was made instructive, and from the attention paid to this, the first of a series of lectures to this detachment, it was evident that it was of a character sufficient to awaken an interest in the minds of most of the men present. Yesterday, Capt. Snee proceeded to the Heads to inspect the detachment there, and conduct shot and shell practice. The following extract from a letter re ceived by a resident of this town, will show how best to get to Cooktown " Consider ing how hard up I was when I borrowed that half-crown from you in Melbourne last week, you will be surprised to loam that I am now a passenger on board the , for Sydney then on to Cooktown, for the Hodgkinson,' "U itli a £10 note in my pocket and a fair swa"*. Best diggings out, old fellow, ami I'll tell you how 'twas done. Bill and some old mates had a happy idea, and carried it out, inviting me to join. We atrived in Ballarat by night-train, footsore and poverty stricken; gave out that we had just tramped back from the northern diggings, overland from Queensland—peuitentbeggars—prodigal sons returning to parental Ballarat; northern dig gings no good—only pick up fever and ague ; Ballarat the hest place for hard-working miners—determined to go to work there again, and never to leave it. The bait took: "local" pub. paragraph, patting us on the baelc; storekeepers and householders came forward like bricks, aud would assist us good fellows—for showing such faith in the old place. AYe got a first-rate start, anil having raised more than enough to pay pas sages to Cooktown, gave our surplus stores to an old hatter, aud here we are." The annual meeting of the Geeloug Foot ball Club was held at the Argylo Hotel last evening, about 40 members being present Mr Beiebmaini, Vice-President, occupied the cliair. The annual report stated that the first twenty had played fourtecii matches during tho year ; nine had been won, three drawn, anil two lost; twenty-nine goals had been kicked for the club, aud ten against. The receipts bad amounted to £34 143 g(j' aud tho expenditure to £37 19s, leavine a debit balance of £3 4s 6U A letter was road from Mr T. W. Wills, stating that he intended presenting a cap for competition similar to the one won by the club last year • the cup was already in the hands of Mr Fischer. On the motion of Mr Buckland seconded by Mr Vance, the offer was imaui' mously accepted. The following officers were elected :-President, Mr Reichmann • vice presidents, Messrs T. AY. Wills and P J Dwyer, seur; captain, Mr Richard Cull'en vice-captain, Mr W. Sparrow; secretary and' treasurer, Mr Geo. Stephen; general coin rnittee, Messrs Thomas, P. Dwyer Dav T Austin', and B. Hall; match committee,' Messrs Thomas, Reichmann, and Wills Messrs (JR. Rippon and G. E. Green were' elected life members of the club. IVenty . eight new members were proposed for elec tion. It was agreed that the uniform be blue serge kmckerbockers andzingari colored cap guernsey, and stockings, the treasurer to ascertain cost, etc. MrP. LeNeveu was elected secretary for the second twentv Tt i cided that the opening scratch match should" be played on Saturday, the 22nd instant fof lH ^ meetuie had terminated, the I . health of the president, was enthusiastically j Iruuk in bumpers of champagne provided by ;hc president, and Mr O'Brien of the Arg} lc Hotel. , The relations between the servants and. ;l,e matron at the hospital have not been for iome time past of an amicable kind. This has arisen from the fact-of the servants not receiving decent meals and attention. At yesterday's meeting of the hospital commit tee the matron tendered her resignation, which was accepted. . . At a meeting of the Corio Bay Bowing ] Club, held last evening, it was decided to give Mr Blunt an order for two new practice gigs, and a practice outrigger. It was also decided to hold trial races amongst the mem bers, to talie place in six weeks time, for which the following crews were entered and drawn A. Clarke (stroke), J. Bews No. 3, E. Eoffey No. 2, C. Hall No. 1; M. Fawcett | (stroke), A. Sayers No. 3, G. Steedman No. 2, C. Bott No. 1 ; J. Shorter (stroke), W. Nicholas No. 3, A. Fan- iio. 2, M. Pincus No. 1 ; B. Wilson (stroke), H. Spencer No. 3, T. Trinder No. 2, H. Benmore No. 1 ; V. Pearson (stroke), J. Miller No. 3, A. Christie No. 2, E. Crawcour No. 1. Wo learn from the Secretary of the Geelong.] Permanent Investment and Benefit Building Society that the receipts from members for | subscriptions and repayments, etc., for the, month ending 11th April, amounted to £549 19s 9d, and that 15 new shares were issued during the same period. It has been decided to erect a verandah in i front of the local hospital, which will add greatly to its appearance. At the meeting of the committee held yesterday afternoon, it | was agreed to expend at least £1300 in effect ing various improvements to the buildings. Yesterday probate was obtained in the j Equity Court to the will of Mr William | Verity, late of Geelong. The property was sworn at £1100. At the usual weekly parade of the Gee long Artillery Corps last evening, a telegram was received, stating that four cases of Mar tini-Henri rifles were about'to be sent , to Geelong, to be distributed as follows :— | Geelong Artillery two, Drysdale one, and Queenseliffe one. Doubtless, this announce- i ment will give satisfaction to tho marksmen in tlie corps, who have had to put up with j the old weapons. Penny postal cards are now being sold at the local Post Office. Both the Warrnamhool papers being favor able to the Ministry nothing that will tell against them is allowed to appear in the rcadiug columns. Determined, however, that the public shall know the true facts of the case, Mr James Hider has, with com mendable spirit, caused the leading article from tho Age of April Sfch, giving a rmtmi of the doings of the past session, to be in serted in the Standard as an advertisement. Mr Hider's action deserves tho warmest praise. Tho Exhibition at the Mechanics' Insti tute was again largely attended last evening. As on former oeeasious, the songs of Madame Carandini and Mr Amery were greatly ap preciated. To-morrow evening a saercd con cert will he given. On Good Friday a team from the Book sellers, Stationers, and Printers of Geelong will proceed to Melbourne to play a cricket match with Mr George Bobertson's club in the Albert Park- As the local team lias been strengthened since the Melbourne men visited Geelong, a good match may he anti cipated. The following is the Geelong team: 11\. Mereer, G. Mercer. B. Bailey, W. B. Birdsey, A. Clark, T. Wells, A. Sayers, B. Berry, T. Woollard, J. J. Birdsey, S. Beglcy;" umpire, J. M. Birdsey. Nominations, with entry-money, for the Marathon Stakes in connection with the Grant and Polwartli Coursing Club, close at Mack's Hotel at four o'clock this afternoon. Full particulars of the grand Easter tree nud sale of gifts in aid of the- now church building fund of the Church of England, Duck Ponds, will be found in our advertising columns. Tlie affair takes place on Saturday, 15th instant, and Easter Monday, in tlie Shire Hall, close to the railway station. Excursionists will see in our advertising columns that James Deaneand Co.'s steamer Blaek Boy will make excursions round Corio Bay and Bird Bock during the Easter holi day, starting at intervals daily from Yarra street. Au advertisement in another column gives the names of tlie wool-brokera and stock agents who have agreed to close their respec tive offices from this evening till the morning of tho 19th instant, owing to the holidays. The vacancy in the Bannockburn Sliire Council has not yet been filled. An adver tisement in another column announces that nominations close at 4 p.m. on tho ISth inst., and the election of a councillor will take place on the 1st May. Tlie Secretary of the, Geelong Imperial Football Club desires to acknowledge with thanks tlie receipt of a cheque for £1 Is from the Hon. Graham Berry, M.L.A., as a donation to the fnnds of the club. On Easter Monday, at Launceston, A. E. Bird, the noted pedestrian, intends to see if he can rim forty miles in five horn's. The Colac Herald mentions that a rather curious circumstance took place a few days since, through which Mi's Harker, widow of the late Mr D. Harker, suddenly fonud her self the fortunate possessor of £20. Mrs Harker was engaged in brushing an old black coat, which the late Mr Harker had not worn for about 19 or 20 years, when feeling something hard in the breast pocket she examined it, and found a £10 note and two £5 notes. Tlie coat was last worn by Mr Harker when a child belonging to Mr James Hills, a well-known old resident, wa3 buried. This is now some nineteen years ago. When the late Mr Hugh Mur ray's funeral took place, some six yearB since, Mr Harker brought ont tho coat, and after looking at it well, decided that it was too old-fasliioned to wear. Since then it has remained hidden from view until the occur rence now alluded to. Mr Harker died and was buried about a fortnight since, and liis widow was overhauling the old clothes when she came upon the money, which had quietly reposed for so many years in its snug retreat. It is supposed that Mr Harker received, the money in payment of some account, thrust it into his coat pocket, and, money being plentiful in those days, forgot all about it. As Fortune dealt rather hardly with Mr Harker of late years, the unexpected find is most welcome to the old lady, his widow. The Hamilton Spectator is responsible for tlio following:—"A considerable sensation prevails in the neighborhood of Macarthur owing to the nocturnal presence of au appa rition which has been seen by several persons on the estate of Mr Carmichael, at Hartou Hills. It appears that four men, working at a job of fencing, were camped about two miles from the head station, when they were alarmed some three or four nights ago by seeing a figure, draped in white, stalking backwards and forwards ill tlie moonlight. So frightened were they, that they beat a retreat to tho station, and communicated the particulars to Mr Towart, | the overseer, whilst a dog they had with 1 tliem participated in the alarm, and ran away howliug piteously. Next night a party of eighth including a policeman from the township, bivouacked in the haunted spot, and five of them were rewarded by get ting a sight of the ghost. The news began to spread, and we understand that, last night, a large party was to bo made up from Macarthur, with a view to solve the mystery, if possible. Tradition states that the locality in question was, many years ago, the scene j of a fatal affray between the early settlers and the aboriginals, and that in. these en counters the hla'cks came off second-best. Of course, the supposition is, that one of the | natives so disposed of has " jumped up white fellow" in fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonishment of the nerves of I .he fencing party by bis " counterfeit presentment!" It should be mentioned that ;he ghost has already one casualty to answer For, inasmuch as one of the intended inter viewists, in his hurry to get a sight of the apparition, avas thrown from his horse, and broke his leg. We trust some of those who may have been fortunate enough to have seen tho thing will send us a progress report. The general complaint appears to he that money is hard to get in Melbourne, but ex perience (the Herald remarks) does not seem to justify the assertion. Shire councils seem "to be able to obtain whatever amount they require, easily; in fact, there is a brisk com petition for their favors. This is no donbt owing to the impression that the shire loans will ultimately become Government deben tures. To-day, tenders were opened at the Commercial Bank for Berwick Shire .deben tures for £3500, bearing interest at the rate of seven per cent. It was found that tenders had been sent in to tho amount of £24,000 at high premiums, all being above par. The debentures were allotted at £101 lis to £105 —an unprecedented price. When these towns are so successful, we suppose other councils will soon be in the field, and thus a good .'deal of capital now idle will be circulated in. useful works. ' Tho Talbot Shire deben tures have already risen considerably in price. We [Star) are sorry to learn that the an ticip'ations formed with regard to the hatch ing out of the salmon ova in the custody of Dr. Whitcombo have apparently been realised, although it is- just possible that there has been an infinitesimal measure of success attending the doctor's operation;. Seemingly, all the ova arc dead, hut from the remains of shells found Dr. Wbitcomle is under the impression that three or four fish are hatched and at present among the gravel in the hatching boxes. Several dial whilst emerging from the shells. Br. Whit combe states tbat he saw a person from | Ercildouu, who informed lnm that the ' hatching there was proceeding satisfactorily, hut for the accuracy of tlus information he cannot vouch. There need he little fear in the future of trains running off tho line if Marriat's .-Era plane Navigation Company achieves success. Wo notice by the jVeuvs Letter that the com pany was incorporated on the ISth Fehmary with £2,500,000 capital, divided into 100,000 shares. The objects of the incorporation are to navigate the air by vessels or convey, ances constructed for that purpose, and the carrying of passengers, merchandise, and dis patches, from one place to another." Above, there willberoom cnoughforall,tlie "drivers' will be allowed to take either side of the roil and in the event of a collision there will be lit tle danger of a person being blown up. There wiil he no bridges, no tunnels, not even a place at which to "liquor-up," or chaff the barmaid. No scalding tea or coffee served out with no time to drink it; no stale pastry or half-cooked mutton chops to holt in less than no time. There will be no level cross in"s, and, it is to be presumed, no light at night by which to play a quiet game, at whist or loo, as a light near so large a quantity of gas would cause many to fear they were not quite safe though " up in a balloon." Stationmasters and other em ployds on railroads must as devoutedlyhope that the iEroplane Company may never be a success, as intending absconders must hope to the contrary. 