' ? CARNATIONS. The Carnation and Picotce are varieties of ?one sjjeciea, which ia fonnd growing wild on ruined walla in. some places in England, and also in France. The scientific name is Diem thus Caryophyllus ; it is also known as Glove Pink, Clove UilliRower, or Jnlyfidwer, as; iwell a'tf Carnation. It has bgeti a favorite flower in Europe fot an indefinite lengih of., time,, and baa been cultivated in England for several centuries, arid -has there attained to a very high degree of perfeotioo, altliopgbv eo^newhafc delicate, find Teqniring much toavc. and skill in ita tnanagementij as when highly cultivated it has io bo protected, generally. itt pots, duriDg winter j and though the plants are coamonly grown in tho open ground, yet when the flowers are wanted for' exhibxtiori they aro gTOtyn ib jJots upon stage's^ and sheltoxcd from winds, Heavy, rains, and bright sunshine, by means of can', vas coverings. Great core also is requisite in selecting Buitable soil and manure for its; cultivation. If; ia -evident that the climate ? of Victoria ie much more suitable to it than that of Engtandj for wo all know with how little trouble it can be cultivated, in our gardens, how it thrives, and\hoW rapidly it increases in size in almost any kind of soil, or in any situation. At the same time, as in ' other things, there arc degrees of excellence in its cultivation, and certain amounts of care and skill .ire requisite to ensure the main-' tenance of perfection in torn, anefpnrity of coloring. The most suitable kind of soil is good fertile and rather strong loam, which' must be well enriched with thoroughly de cayed animal manure. So necessary do English florists consider a rich soil that in making up composts they use equal parts of loam and cow or horse dung. A sandy soil is not nearly sosnitable, either for producing fine blooms, or depth of coloring j and where a garden is composed of soil of that kind it is necessary, in order to ensure good flowers, to mis a portion of strong loam with it, as Carnations or JBicotea do not grow well in that kind of soil, and of the two, the former appear to dislike it most. In England the Picotee is found to be more delicate than the Carnation, but in this country, if there is any difference,, tho Picotee appears to be- the hardier ; though both succeed remarkably well, and are among tho very best of our border flowers. When once planted they will go on growing and flowering for years, very different from their condition in Eng* land, where, if not replanted every year, they speedily die out and are lost. When border-flowers, or common bouquefc-flowere alone, are wanted, they may be allowed to remain for several years in the same situa tion, and will do well if annual top-dressings of rich compost are given them ; and if some of the shoots are layered annually, very large and vigorous plants will soon be formed, and their increase, even without the trouble of layering, is exceedingly simple, for if a Bhoot be pulled off an old plant in spring andstuck in tho ground it will speedily commence to form roots, and will become a flowering plant the same season. But where individual flowers of the highest; degree of excellence ore aimed at, than more care must be be stowed on their cultivation — the plants must not be more than' one, or at most two years old, all weak shoots must be thinned out so as to leave only one flower on each stem, and the flowers, besides being carefully sup ported, must be shaded from intense sun shine, both that they may laBtthelonger and that the colors may be more perfect. No donbt they could be.grown to great perfec tion in pots, but as there is no necessity for so doing, it would not be worth while ex pending labor in that direction, except for the novelty of tho thing, ox by those who do not possess a garden. There are now so many fine varieties Jn the colony that it may be expected, when they have become more dis tributed, Carnation societies ?will be formed, as in England, for annual competition in the flowers of tho different varieties. Cultivators will alao he enabled to save seed and raise new varieties, far though they do not readily produce seed if left to themselves, it is easy to render -the -pods fertile by applying the pollen from another plant \to the horn-like stigmas. Mr. George JBrunning has been by far the largest importer of European varieties, and ho now has a large and very choice col lection, including a large proportion of the most recent additions to the English collec tions. Last year we inmished the readers of The Leader with a list of his best Picotees, and we have again had the pleasure of in specting several nev7 varieties both of Car cations and Picotees, which have flowered this year for the firat time in the colony. The following embrace nearly all, with tho excep tion of a £ ow that wera not in flower at the time. And though cm uneducated eye might not ebb much differenca between some of them, there is, notwithstanding, ample choice for the most fastidious. Carnations.— Abercrombie Jsa large self, light purple in color, it will make a hand? some borae/jr-flower ..'; Ajax is a good purple flake i Conqueror, a fipe crimson bizarre ; Crusader, crimson, bizarre, of excoVent quality, very large and fine, with broad pefcnja, cdistinoi; stripes, and clear white ground, one of tho newest in England ; Favorite a good crimson bizarre; Fanny Gardener, scarlet bizarre, large and very fine; Geant'des. B&tailles;, scarlet self clove, new and distinct ; Ghost, white self, clove econtedf, very large and fall, with broad, smooth-edged petals of great substance ; Hindoo, a magnificent dark crimson dove, largo and fine, petals full and of greatflub stauco, a grand flower, and ft great improve ment apon the «kl English clove, which also has been imported ; Isaac- Wilkinson, crim* eon bizarre, new in England, end very fine ? King of Yellows, light yellow solf, a ? flowejr of great substance, la.vge, fulL and fmo, wifii a dashing appearance^ eor-otolbo a favoritp ? 3Udy Peel^pnsplo flslie, large, fulJ, of 1 good Bu|)6tance, and very line,; J,opd MtltOBj icrimEJ(«i;:b.)zarro,: ycry-(g?ana ; .Lvtoaii pnfe f)gkor linely Xcroied, fvergr has^scsasa ;a|rsi Boajeikjwjw ^ ,Mra. ifax&a;&l;, Ttm8j&t-i;: vtey large, full, and fine, onoof the newest an3:. bostin EuOgland ? Premier, crimson- bizarre^ 1 veryahowy, large and fine j Splendor, scarliefi: flake, a large fine flower, with broad' smooth petals ; Soyal Scarlet, » flne scarlet, flake 5 : Crisiophei Sly, & good scarlet flake. ! PicoxiJi^.-^Bertie, medium) red edge, v«r^ fine flow«r ; Ohanticleor, heavy bright parpla '. edge, a very fine flower j Edith, ineSlaia ptirpigedgo, large, full, and very distinct ??;??? Edith Dombrain, heavy bright ksb6o%^; very distinct ; Ensign, heavy red tidgo, largo and full ? Juliana, very bright hearty scaslaft ! edge, a finely- tehapfld flower ; Medina, heats' purple edge, very bright and fine^ 3^s* Smallj heavy Ted edge, petals sEuootb, 'tvb^i vrjjy pure, extra fins j Mra. Hornby, ?torsrjte© rod narrow wire edge j Mrs. Fordhan, ibrigi^; rosS'tdgc, a grand flower of great substance*'/ ,, 'cno of ttie finest of the Jnedium^dc©^ - varietea j Mrs. Kevnes, mediuta red «-Jg$»' extra. fine i^. Norfolk Beauty, 'heavy bright; : violet edge, broad, smooth petals, ' nre'diu&t;*, sized ; PxMcesa of Wales, heavy idark -ltd edge, large, frill, end very distinct j SyJviffl»t heavy dark red edge. - 