THE WALLABY-TRACKER'S YARN. No ghosts in the world 1 well, you d best not bet that, For I seen one, and me and that ghost had a chat. I was out on the Wallaby some time ago, When I came to the station of Fleece'em and Co., And I goes to the house and old Fleece'em was there, And 6ays I, " Have you got any tucker to spare V *fAy^pieniy," says he. " Then," says I, " give us some." " I will that," says he, " and a bottle of rum." " Then bully," says I, with a few handsome grins, " Will you give them at once, for I'm worn off my pins ?" " Do you see that old hut by the creek there ?" says he. " I do then," says I, " for it's easy to see." " Well," says he, " you'll get tucker and rum. as I said, And a good 'possum rug to make up in a bed, If you go to that hut and remain there all night, Just till you behold the first glimpse of daylight; And I'll give you a note," says old Fleece'em, says he. " If you'll then let me know what you hear or may see." " Agreed, boss," says I. So the tucker was got, And the rum and the rug, and I left in a trot. There were branches and logs lying round ready cut, So I made up a blazing fine fire in the hut; And then I sat down and I tucked in a. feed That was pretty extensive and welcome indeed. So when I had grubbed and some liquor had drunk, I kindled my pipe and turned in to the bunk; And there I lay smokiDg till wrapped in a cloud, When something soon entered that make me feel cowed; And I thought that the nighttime would ne'er pass away, But it did, and that something went off with the day. So when it was light, I jumped out of my doss * And hooked it, without much delay, to the boss. " Good morrow," says he; " oh, my word, but you're white; I hope you enjoyed a good snooze through the night ?" " Well, 3 r es," I replied, just as much as one might With a white-sheeted ghost knocking round him all night." " How is that, mate ?" says he, while he shook in his coat." " Well, I'll tell you," says I, " when you give me the note," So he tipped me the " flimsy" at once like a man, And after I fobbed it, 'twas thus I began : " Last night, when I'd finished my supper," I said, " I kindled my pipe andtlien got into bed ; And when it was twelve, or perhaps somewhat more, I'm blessed but a spirit strays in through the door, And" " What was it like ?" " 'Twas as white as a dove, Or a fleecy white cloud that goes sailing above, And it sparkled and shone in the blaze of the log, And I felt my heart growing as cold as a frog: . So I slipped down my hand for the bottle of rum, And I took a long pull and I offers it 6ome ; Then it lifted its face that was bright to my eye, And I says, quite politely, " Perhaps, sir, you're dry 1 If you are"—— Then it lifted its hand and said, " Stop, You drunken old sinner, you're etill at the drop." " Yes, sir," I replied, " at the drop as you see, But you seem to be somewhat acquainted with tne." " I am," says the spirit, "you hard-swiping old sot; You've seen me before, but of course you've forgot." " Well," I says, " I am forced to confess I forget, 0- But p'rhaps you will say where it was we first met ?" " I will," it replied j " but then foremost and first Allow me to tell you politely you're cursed." " Oh, thank you," says I, " for the trouble you take, ' But I hop e that you're making the smallest mistake; Or maybe you're on for a bit of a jest; But if I am cursed, why then may I be bless'd "•— " Come, cheese it now, cheese it," said he, with a hiss, And open your eyelids and look into this." And he held up a mirror, bright, splendid and rare, And what do you think did my eyes behold there ?" You can't even guess ?" Well, the first thing my glance Recognised was a lady that lay in a trance, Aud lier face was most perfectly beauteous and fair, And gems sparkled bright in her rich golden hair; And lier garments were silver, embroidered with gold, And diamonds and rubies gleamed bright in each fold; And thousands of people—ay, thousands I'm sure, Stood far off and looking most meanly demure: And I heard some lament, and heard others make jokes, And say, ' We'll be all coopered up if she croaks— But surely she's bpund to get healthy again.' And eighty stout doetorswalked up to her then, And eacli felt lier pulse and then nodded his head, And said, with a gun, f Oh, she wants to be bled.' 1 No doubt about thai/ all the otliers chimed in, ' So out with the lancets and let us begin.' Then they all fell to labour, and, lo I and behold, The vein which they'd let sent forth nothing but gold ; And, lor, how they dauccd when they saw it flow out— My word but the blackguards were loud in their shout, And they all gave a cheer and exclaimed in one breath, 1 Hurroo, bully boys, we will bleed her to death, And we'll all grow plethorical-wealthy and fat— Bat don't let the outsiders know what we're at' And each bleeding ruffian was solely engrossed With one thought, and that was how 7«?'d bleed her the most. But now and again they would cry out aloud To the purblind, besotted and ignorant crowd, ' Oh, keep up your peckers, we're bringing her to'— And then sotto voce, ' destruction, 'tis true.' And they'd laugh aud they'd cackle, like demons in hell. As they'd say, ' Oh, my word, but we're curing her well.' And so they clung to her like leechcs. till they Dropped off from repletion and staggered away; Thus one after one they fell from her and fled, And they cured her at last, for at last she was dead. Then I looked for the crowd—the besotted and grim, And I saw them like phantoms, pale, ragPd and dim; And they moaned and th6y whined, as they stood by the dead, All asking and bowling for cohifort and bread. Then I saw them drop down, troop by troop, by her side, Till nearly the whole of the thousands had died; And those who survived took their offspring and fled From the death-dealing stench that arose from the dead. And what then remained of the lady so fair 1 Why, only her bones bleaching ghastly and bare; And the rubies and diamonds that lately had shone With her garments of gold and of silver, had gone; Ajid they who had killed her were reckoned her best, And titled for doing it, praised and caressed. " And now," said the ghost, with a frown on his face, « Pray what do you think of that poor lady's case ?" " I think, sir," says I, with a reverent tongue, « That the whole blackguard lot should be took up and hung. 1 - But who was the lady so comely and sweet ? And who were the ruffians that killed her complete ?" " The lady," says he, " was the Colony, and The 1 ruffians' of course were the Parliament band." He paused for a while, then says he, with a sneer, " Has Fleece'em employed you for shepherding here ? Because, if he has, I don't think I'm far wrong When I tell you, my friend, that you won't remain long; For a phantom unholy comes here night and day. And he frightens the handB of this station away; And he's bound before long to appear unto you In the form and the semblance of—very small screw." " And you, sir," says I, " pray now who may you be '?" " The spirit-of. Truth, my good fellow," saicTRc; " When you were a child you beheld me before, But now, when we part, you shall see me no more." He ceased, and then hit me a clip on the head, Which stunned me and tumbled me out of the bed; And when I looked up he had passed from my view. And the rum in the bottle had disappeared too. " And now, boss," says I to old Fleece'em, " do you With a generous hand lay the ghost of small screw." 