Ghosts. Every friendship that we nuke, nay. every acquaintance, may become a ghost that win some day turn up unexpectedly in inconvenient places, and put us to shame, if to nothing worse. Years ago, when we were young, unwise in that kind of worldly wisdom which looks to consequences and measures the probable effects of action, impulsive, generous, and full of iconoclastic fervour on the one hand, and of ardent theories on the equality of man and the duties of the rich on the other, we made the acquaintance of a genius ; a dweller in Bohemian garrets, and a despiser of dean linen and the manufacture of soap ; a good fellow at heart ; with a head that might have made him a leader of men had he so willed, but a doubtful tiling to look at, and less than profitable to know. What cared we for his threadbare coat and his uncombed hair, for his chronic need of all our spare cash — and more than we had to spare — his Chat Moss of debt, his state of monetary chaos which no efforts couldreduce to decent order ? He was a man of genius, and that was enough for us. He painted the loveliest picture of the year — when he would paint; wrote the racist sparkling leaders of the day — when he would write ; had the noblest views on social reform, the most elevated ideas of the duties of humanity, which he propounded in eloquent language- — perhaps arbitrary in the matter of its hTs, and with a tendency to pot in a supplementary 'y' before au its vowels, still eloquent, if faulty ; and, for the sake of his genius, we overlooked his eccenrricries— -they were 'eccen- tricities ' to us in our salad days— and boldly proclaimed him our ?* friend. ' Years passed, and the current of events sn-erjt us awav from the outskirts of Bohemia where we had been cast We ; grew to be Philistines and respectable ; \ we married, had sons and daughters of j whom we hoped great things, and near whom we suffered no shadow of Bohemia ! to fall. We dressed in broadcloth ; we j bought an estate, and took our place . with the magnates of the land : and we forgot that we bad at any time consorted with geniuses who dwelt in garrets and were chronically 'short' in the matter of spare cash. We held our head high, shaved clean, tubbed vigorously, used choice English, and everywhere pro claimed the value of ambition and the need of every man with a soul to be saved to keep out of low society, and to be careful in the matter of his friends and acquaintance. We are walking down the high street of our local metro polis, where we are known as well as the town hall, and respected as much as the bank. We have a daughter on our arm, and a young son, whose path to Philistine supremacy we are busy in ; chalking out both by precept and example, is on our other side, when we ; fall upon a dirty, dissipated, long- haired, j unwashed, shabby individual, with a tipsy eye and a swaggering gait, who. after one confused stare^ rushes at us j like a bulldog, seizes our right hand in I his, claps us familiarly on the back, and roars out in a voice to be beard for some ' hundreds of yards, ' Why, Ned, my boy, | can that be you ? Good Lord ; who would have ever expected to see you such a swell '. — a tiptopper, by George : ' There we have it ; a ghost that no formula at our command can lay. It is our Past risen up before our Present claiming equal footing and the right of recognition. We feel for the moment annihilated. It is as if we had been convicted of forgery ; proved to our children a hypocrite : our solid respect ability an unsubstantial dream, our Philistinism a fable : and only Bohemia, with its dirt and disorder, its unworkable theories and astounding unconven rionalism, the (act- Our ghost has the power of a giant, and hurls us from our place of pride by his mere appearance ; while our daughter clings to our arm in half-alarmed dismay, and out son, our carefully- educated, well-principled young son, shrinks back in disgust, and both wonder in their hearts who on earth this wretched creature can be, and oh ? why does papa let him shake hands ? When our friend of former days, our ghost in modem time, turns to these young people, and goes through the pantomime of affectionate delight for their benefit their ? indignation waxes warm ; and scarcely can all the lessons of good breeding with which they have been saturated from their cradles upward keep them from an open display of the contempt with which, they are filled, the rlitjlain which they long to evince. Do they, too, feel that the whole thing is a forgery and a sham ? that the respect ability which has been as die breath of their nostrils ever since they can remember, is only a delusion, if no worse ? and that this hideous nveaoat of a former fact invalidates the worth and destroys die truth of present conditions ? We do not know. We only see them shrinking from this ghost of our early folly ; our boyish want ot cannon in choosing our companions ; our wild and unworkable enthusiasm for abstract ideas, irrespective of soap and water, of due payment of debts, of conventional propriety of living. And we confess that they have reason, so far as appearances go, and are only as we have diligently made them. For Bohemia's shabby son is enough to make the wearers of purple and fine linen in Philisria tremble -with shame when forced into companionship with sg uncongeniai a being. ! AU the self-made indeed — people who have raised themselves from a lower position to a higher, and whose present I conditions are superior to their natural antecedents — are subject to the shame of ghosts. The pretty barmaid who has married a gentlemen, and after twenty years of careful training has come to be a very good imitation of tbe real thing — she is one day brought from the heaven of her later refinement down to the muddy day of her original condition, ' when Jim the potboy passes her way, i and recognises her. And J im the potboy ?'kept company' with her in the days ; that are gone, and has had many a fond i talk and frank kiss when they sat under Itbe trees in Greenwich Park, and 'discussed their future home and the rtianres of their being able to have a ' public ' for themselves. Jim has gone down as he has gone up ; but,, he is always Jim, and the talks and the kisses under the trees at Greenwich, are facts never to be undone. His ghostship is unpleasant enough to toe lady who has been evolved oatof tht barmaid — perhaps to the gentleman her, husband, who has evolved her, even more un pleasant still : but it is a thing which has to be met and a trouble which has to be lived down, for ghosts cannot be laid by a patent process of exorcism known to us, and courage in meeting a difficulty is the surest way to end it- So, too, the successful merchant r/rince of small beginnings has to submit to the repeated inroads of his sisters and cousins, his brother's children and his father's friends from the small country village where he once played amongst the pigsties, and made himself happy wirh turnips and green apples. Those days have passed away long age, and he has come into the sunshine of wealth and success : but the ghosts remain ; and every now and then they cross bis path unpleasantly enough to remind by their presence, by their provincial stagnation, their un educated coarseness, from what poor mud- heap be made, the spring which landed him in the golden ground of the City and the sacred precincts of Belgravia. It may be that they are useful as checks on a superabundant vanity, which else might carry him, feathered and plumed, out of the region of common sense and sobriety altogether. But we do not love our checks as a rule ; and these living i discourses on the anatomy of butterflies, which once crawled as grubs and slept as chrysalites, are not comforting to the butterflies desirous of forgetting their origin. 