LETTERS TO AN ANGLICAN RECTOR —NO. IX. 70 Blank-street, Melbourne, Nov. 21,187—. My Dear Rector—With thanks, I have to acknowledge, along with your letter, the receipt of three Guardians, one Morning Advertiser, and four Timet, of sundry dates, per last mail, and all containing articles whioh you have kindly marked with your accustomed sign, for my special astonishment and discomfiture. Many thanks. I am sorry to leam that you only received from me one Melbourne newspaper, an Argut, out of eight or ten papers I posted by our Maroh mail, all carefully prepaid and legibly directed to Marks Parva Rectory. The Timet, I suppose, oan never lose its attractions for me; although I have not failed to notice, almost with regret, and certainly with pity, how the grand old Thor of Printing House Square, has succumbed to the enfeebling in" roads of age. Heu, quantum mutattu ab illo, who, with brow severe and air sublime, hurled bis flaming bolts against Pope and Popery, in the anno dominis departed. How strange is this power de nos premiers amours. There is no paper which attracts me like the Times. I seem still to look out for the loud Olympian rattle—for tboBe sharp pealing volleys which followed each other so dear and quick, and stirred me in the joyous days of cap and gown. How I recollect then in the glare of those forked language — lightnings which seemed to flash down as from the loftiest empyrean of eloquent displeasure and denunciation, and how I watched their play. Do you not remember, my dear rector, those appalling leaders of the Times against the " perjured vagabond " whom the coup d'etat of December,' 51, transformed from President Charles Louis Napoleon into Napoleon III. ? How those scorching oolumns of wholesale execration used to infuriate me in that raw season of my early hero worship, so that I have dashed the Timet down on the floor and stamped it under my feet in my droll anger at its blindness in not recognising at first sight the imperial virtues of the prisoner of Ham, when transferred to the throne of France; and in whom so soon afterwards, when the " Shop " was in danger, the very same Timet discovered England's fast friend and Gaul's new hero. Bach, my dear rector, are the wondrous antinomies of this mortal life—such its web of interwoven contradictions, through whose bewildering labyrinth nothing but the loving hand of the living Church o( the Eternal God can ever guide the anxious, thoughtful soul. But the Emperor is gone, and the Empire fallen, and the Times t too,alas, has approached decrepitude. Instead of the brilliant flash and startling roll, there comes to us now too often only the stink of brimstone and the jangling tinkle of tin kettles. England's leading journal is living on the interest of its former fame. It has donned its lean and slippered pantaloon, and is content to dwell with decent namby, pamby; and doles out its daily dribble of diluted small beer, and has taken to lecturing on Shakespere and the musical classes, and toadies the Admirality clerks, whoever is in office, and expatiates generally on human affairs in a style as distressing to the cultured taste of our reformatory Bchool citizens as Mr. Disraeli in some of his recent after-dinner orations. The commanding tone and demosthenic fire of the Times have subsided into a senile squeak, and the voice of the quondam terror of the skies, reminds me now of nothing so much as the fat old pampered stallion in Eugene Sue's novelette of the " Godolphiu Arabian," whose once resonant whinny has sunk into an asthmatical wheeze. Still, one likes the Times for the sake of its better days, and one reads indulgently even its most spiteful maunderings against the) Christian religion, and one notes how it mumbles the fag ends of its old pet bigotries, and how it 'loves to feed its dotage on the historic husks of its young prodigal swine-troughs. It undertook once to write down—and it wrote down—Lord Brougham in two years. For twenty years it tried its level best to write down Mr. O'Connell, and it failed. One likes the Timet, in memory of those eventful days when it towered aloft, the world's political Eddystone rook and light, for all Europe to steer by, though the universal beacon is now almost submerged in the rising tide and vast, o'erflowing ocean stream of the provincial' and colonial press—the stalwart progeny, the vigorous young Titan sons.of. the dear old thundering Buoeladus. But what amlabont? I beg voor pardon, ' my dear rector ; I was really quite forgetting the Spanish Inquisition. I beg your pardon^ and resume. _ Let me read your last letter over. Yes; it is quite evident you never personally witnessed an Auto-da-fe. Thifl il your misfortune; and, for both our aakes, regret it. If you had on!y>aen with your own eyes one Auto-da-fe, oh, my dear rector, how you would be disillusioned. The Spanish Inquisition would never again haunt your dreams in the stage garb of the " Bleeding Nun." The hideous Gorgon, with its spectral shapes of rack and stake, and piled-up heaps of charred bodies, would vanish from your painful reveries for ever. The ghastly mirage of hell- fire pangs and vampire Inquisitors, banqnetting in their infernal Walhalla on the slaughtered millions of Spanish heretics, and quaffing, more fiendishly than the wicked owl in the tremendous mysteries of "Cook Robin," capacious goblets of human blood—and ill for the pure love of blood as a simple beverage, refreshing alike to soul and body—all this, my dear rector, would perish in an instant from your noontide meditations, and your moonlight contemplations, at the sight of one single Auto-da-fe, and your happj soul be set free for ever from the ideal ghouls, and ghinns, and ghosts which the Exeter Hall gospel teaohes you as the all important article of its anti- christian misbelief. Whatever would you do, my dear rector, if there was no Spanish Inquisition to preaoh about ? You would be forced, sore against all your nobler impulses, to fall back on the Star Chamber, with Us Protestant paraphernalia of open Bibles, episcopal lawn sleeves, thumbscrews, hoops, scavenger's daughter, gouges for extracting eyes, kniveB for slitting Protestant noses, scissors for cropping off' Protestant ears, and many other soriptural contrivances of torture too numerous to mention; but whioh you will find stowed in the armoury room of the tower of London; and swindling models of which are now hawked about and exhibited to credulous Protestant sight- seers as the rusty implements of the Spanish Inquisition in the olden time. Why are you so fond of shams my dear rector ? Sham history, sham tortures, sham—all sham is the staple in this Exeter Hall trade, and its penny tracts. Did you never in one bliBSful moment of higher and holier longing, feel a secret desire to know the sound, solid, rational aotuality of the case—for instance, as regards tbe Spanish Inquisition ? John Wesley tells a story of his reverend father, tbe vicar of Epwortfa, who wished to know how far his sermons had instructed his Lincolnshire flock. He, therefore, one day, asked Hodge who milked the cow, "Hodge, what is your soul?" And Hodge, after consulting his ear with hiB finger, and scratching his head, replied, " We'al, parson, I bleeves it be a Kttle bit of a bone, loike as sticks atweenmy shoulders somehow." Now, this Lincolnshire bumpkin could, no doubt, join any travelling showman in a loutish laugh of rustic derision at the Spanish Inquisition, and without meaning tbe least offence, I can say, that to me tbe notions of the most refined and enlightened Protestant clergymen about the Spanish Inquisition, are as correct,' as respectable, and as accordant with truth, as Lincolnshire Hodge's notion about the form, substance, and local habitation of his own soul. The great Protestant tradition about the Inquisition is not merely a mad delusion, but the most disgraceful and degrading succumbence of the mind to a most false and loathsome and unscholarly and boorish historical error. A baby may be told the moon is made of green cheese, and the baby, if so told, has no help for it but to believe as it is told. But when the baby comes to man's estate and mature age, his baby belief is. no longer amusing, or tolerable, or trne. So is it with the Exeter Hall Spanish Inquisition craze, and all the wretched superstitions with which creedless fanatics or sincere dupes have invested that truly , national, patriotic, most humane, and moat useful of ancient tribunals. If you had only seen one Auto-da-fe, never again could you preach to me as you have done about ; the Inquisition. Never. Because you. couldn't persist in telling historic lies. You couldn't assist in the longer defence of a transparent falsehood. For the vulgar Protestant tradition is nothing less and nothing else than an enormous and pestilent fog, through which loom all manner of imaginary demon forms, obscuring historic verity with calumnious vapour. Tour Protestant English tradition is not, however, the tradition of Spain. It does not emanate from the Spanish people, nor from Spanish books older than the present century. It does not come from the universities of Spain. It slanders the Spanish people with more than a fish-fags effrontery. It brutishly contravenes the voice of Spain's national records. It overleaps the Supreme Council of Spain. It ignores the Spanish king and queen as if they were ciphers or marionettes. It disregards the aotion of the Spanish Parliament . from 1478 to 1482, in order to saddle the ' Pope with the conception and inauguration of the "glorious tribunal" which the unanimous assent and consent of the Spanish Kingdom alone could have instituted; and this is done out of the meanest and most cowardly spirit, actuated by unconcealed hatred of the Catholic Church. Nothing can be more absolutely false than i the proposition that the Spanish Inquisition , was devised by the Pope, or proposed ~biy ; the Pope for the aggrandisement of ihe • papal power or the'supremacy of . the church over the 8tate. The direct contra- • dictory of this proposition is the truth* nor: • can any such hypothesis be msiniainejl ; except through blind prejudice impelling superficial readers to skate heedlessly over the surface of .history,. .And this vulgar Prtrtpetatit tradiotion proper about the Spanish Inquisition starts/With the era of tfife Spanish Arinada, which commenced 100 years after the tribunal was in operation. 'These 100 years, on the Ijotefetant td^a would be the very, worst g: .'its whole career. Some Exeter tjall tracts and these Protestant, publications state that 15.000 or 20,000 persijns JJere burned alive in Seville, alone under Torquemadh, the 'first Inquisitor General ill Xf ..so, what, a scene of carnage most have been going on night and day, goading the d Castilian 'and Andalusian people , to ness. Bat when the Armada sailed away §L Spain, it carried on board tbe whole os£t>le military force of the country, ^hy then did not .the Spanish people rise en inane,. and destroy the dungeons and racks, quid tear down the Court Bouses of the Inquisition, and massacre the Inquisitors. There jrpB nothing whatever to hinder them, except only fbrtt they did not then know that the jtnguiMi.inn was such a sanguinary monster as'your Protestant tradition now represents it. . Its "diabolioal cruelties" were' then Apknown to the Spanish people. Suppose that.when the,Fenians in the South of Ireland were known to be recently organised and watching for a chance, the whole military ^orcein Ireland had been withdrawn and Sent out to India, what would your Fenians think or do it they got such an opportunity? Suppose the English army, horse and foot, and police, had heen all drawn away from Ireland, and no rush or invasion was attempted, what would you infer ? I would Infer, that there were no Fenians to rise. When the .Inquisition pushed its powers fceyond 'the legal limit, the Spanish people were ready enough to resist. But no guch thing as " bloody excesses " ever were practised. Even tbe English Protestant tradition lived only a fitful, languishing life, from the Armada to the French Bevolution in 1789, an interval of no less than 200 years. The tradition dragged on in 5th of November sermons and Protestant restoration services. But at the French Revolution it flared up into gigantio proportions which have been abundantly nourished since the Lord George Gordon riots, by incendiaries, political and irreligious. Tbe infidel encyclopedists of the Frenoh Bevolution, and their tan* couloite brethren soo found an inspiring war-cry in the Inquisition. In..Spain it had been a "stone wall" across their path. It had held the cutthroats and Jdheists in complete check, as much as the police magistrates, police force, and police courts of our Australian city of Melbourne now hold our Melbourne pickpookets and burglars and obscene brawlers in oheck. the pocial hurricane and political contamination of the .French revolution scarcely raised ajippleonthe stream of Spanish society whjen it first broke. So admirably had the inquisition discharged its conservative duty, ttjat it n ag not'.until Napoleon I., in 1807, ?ent an army into Spain, after entrapping the whole Spanish royal family, that the aepularist faction was able to announce itself. Tbe Spanish "liberals," i.e., revolutionists, declared in favour of the Frenoh invaders in order to achieve a base triumph over the. liberties of their country. They acknowledged Joseph Bonaparte as Eing of Spain. They accepted a foreign yoke in order to propagate the most free-thought opinions in Spain; and to please and win these false-hearted Spaniards and revolutionary supporters, Eing Jerome, in 1808, consented t6 an Act of the Cortes for abolishing the Spanish Inquisition, which bad hitherto saved Spain from such scenes as the Revolution had occasioned in Paris, Lyons, and Nantes. In short, through political machinations, and to prop up the throne of the Napoleon family in Spain, which they had seized by force of aims, and of which, by force of arms, Lord Wellington deprived them, the Spanish revolutionaries Bought per fas et tie/as, at costs, to pull down the " tortures of the Inquisition"—and then— "What then ? Then to set up, as in France, the GUILLOTINE TIL Ton preach to me, my dear rector, about tho Inquisition; hut did' you ever seriously ask yourself how and why the Inquisitibn was pulled down in'Sp∈? How is it that theamibbleand pious gentlemen who sacked the .Baitile in Paris couldn't do so without inventing and setting hp the guillotine ? The guillotine is a most harmless instrument. It won't hurt you if you keep a thousand miles away -from it. - But why any guillotine at;all? Answer ms that question. The Spanish Inquisition,with its bungling, brutal stakes and fagots, took a whole year (" they say'.') to burn 2000 "heretics." Beastly and disgusting to the finer perceptions:of your French artists in slaughter was this slow movement ..of the Spanish organ of destruction. Why, sir, the righteous gorge of a Parisian mob rises at it. Away with your Inquisition, and let us show you how to be humane ana tender, and considerate. Our guiUoiirie, sir,will cut you oft, with expe handling, 2000 heads per day. . Ton can see it at work if you walk down to the Place du Greve—2000 heads 'shaved off, clean prime cuj;, in 24 hours. No, no, "my dear rector; wk have not" had enough even yet of the Spanish Inquisition. You challenged me to the list's, and before I leave them you may depend upon : it you shall hear as much about the Inquisition as shall suffice you for the remainder of Jour daysi It is quite evident tbatyou hfive 'pever in your | fife reflected that the clsmourers against the Spanish Inqtflkiftbnwere ihe claquert who' applauded th^trofce M the razor-like blade of the guillotine." Are th^ir' mob-vociferations the TtSCe 1 of trfie historyi or/are Son who writi M:fii 1 %ftbr ^Sr''ittame quflified 'tb'/ correct' TH«F' RTMJHOM PETYTERSIOIIB when ytradon't ' PBDtKIBE, ' 