MELBOURNE. (FROM OUIt OWS CORRESPONDENT.) Friday Evening. ±or tlie second time in tlic history of the colony the Government of Victoria has com mitted distinct acts of insolvency, and the disappointed duns besiege the Treasury door. We are already far into January and in less than a fortnight the Civil Servants will re quire their salaries, while the large con tractors for the Government will be still more seriously injured by the delay in pay ments. There" is a saying that when things come to the worst they must mend, and it is probable that now that the pinch'has been really felt in an nnmistakeable manner public feeling throughout the colony will be aroused to take a more active interest in the present situation. It is understood that Sir James M'CulIocli will inform his adherents on Tues day next, before the House meets, what course lie'intends to adopt, and meanwhile the public creditors will have to make the best of the situation until then, but there is no doubt that even before Tues day the suspension of payments will in volve much hardship to individuals, ' and that unless some prompt means are taken the list of new insolvents will be swelled. Business men now are not in as good a position to stand a protracted dead lock as they were during the Dai- ling struggle, and the pecuniary effects of that . never-to-be forgotteu episode in our history are still felt in many families.. The hearing of the curious charge against Hugh Mitchell, the former proprietor and now driver of the Lilydale coach, of having embezzled the fares received from the "pick-ups," was resumed to-day. Evidence was given' that Mitchell in handing in his fares always used to qualify delivery by some such rcpiark as " I suppose it's correct," and that as he was illiterate he was not re quired to keep an account of them in his way bill. The accused is believed to be a man of considerable property, was thoroughly trusted by his present employers, he having owned the line, aud having held a respectable position for so long, and it was notuntil lieliad been under surveillance for a considerable time that he was arrested. In his position the act of embezzling a few shillings at a time seems to be incomprehensible, nor is it at all certain that it can be proved, for although committed to take his trial the accused has been allowed to remain at liberty on liis own recognizance of £400. There is a movement on foot to contribute some memorial of the late Mr Michael O'Grady, and his co-religionists are active in promoting it A meeting at which a great number of leading citizens chiefly coimected with the Catholic party were present, took ! place to-day, when a conference with the committee appointed last Tuesday evening at St. Patrick's Hall was arranged the com mittees conjointly to prepare a programme to be submitted to a general meeting of intend ing subscribers on Tuesday next. It is quite possible that the memorial may take a dif ferent form to that at first intended as it is generally rumored that the estate of Mr. O'Grady is not in as healthy a condition as friends could wish. Professor Sylvester had a narrow escape I this morning of having a considerable degree of light thrown upon his ghost illusion, as he was sued by Mr Tom Lewis, the royal clown, for £10 for wages accrued after he (Lewis) had been summarily and, as he con tended, unjustifiably dismissed. The Bench held differently, and dismissed the suit with three guineas costs. The large ship Loch Garry is in the bay, and is expected to be at her anchorage to night. She hails from Glasgow. The fa vorite steamship Somersetshire is -within sight, and will be shortly entering the | Heads. She brings numerous passengers, and lias kept up her reputation for good pas sages, this having been performed in about 5G days. Mr Justice Fellows at present undertakes what is called " Chamber business " at the Supreme Court, and the rapid aud yet legal manner iu"which he disposes of the applica tions made by solicitors and their managing clerks, rather astonishes these gentlemen. Wigless, and sometimes coatless, lie sit3 at a table behind a sort of counter, and without any delay, beyond running his eyes over the document, which occupies only a minute or two, he signs his name, or hands it back with a terse remark. In reply to one solicitor's clerk to-day, who made an application for a habeas, he said—" Case postponed until to morrow. You must bring me up some more law in support of this. I am not supposed to carry all the law in my head," and | the clerk gracefully retired in search of authorities. Some time ago a soli citor's clerk who had not sufficiently re covered from the effects of the previous I night's potations had occasion to wait upon one of the Supreme Court judges who is noted for his deportment, and who at once observed the condition of the unfortunate scribe with fixed eyes, and a sharp decisive tone the learned judge exclaimed, "Take your dirty paws off my tabic sir, and when yon next appear here, come sober sir, moderately sober or, at all events, as sober as you possibly can come." These three J degrees of sobriety evidently were too much for the "limb of the law," who left His Honor's chambers lamenting, clearly not seeing that there was another degree, namely "as sober as a judge," which he had also not arrived at.. The present Minister of Education is evi dently determined to set his face against political influence being brought to bear upon the position of any of the numerous school teachers under his control, for he so expressed himself to a deputation to-day that was introduced to him by a member of the Upper House. The member referred to, at once disavowed having any political ob ject in view in introducing the deputation (which sought to alter the intended plans of of the department regarding a particular teacher), aud said he was not only express ing the opinions of a large number of his constituents, but spoke from his own know ledge of the merits of the teacher whoso case was under consideration. At the inquest to-day on the poor woman found dead yesterday morning, it transpired that she and a laborer had been accustomed to sleep at night on the banks.of the Yarra, near Princes' Bridge. It seems the woman fell ill, but refused to go to the shelter of the Immigrants' Home. By the time her com panion hod-sought and obtained the assist ance of a constable, he returned to lier aud found her dead. The doctor pronounced that death.had ensued from peritonitis, brought on by exposure, and a verdict was returned, to that effect. 