KISSED BY MISTAKE. , Will you be at home to-night, Mary?" And the speaker, a tall, muscular, :well-' looking farmer, reddened to the roots of his hair, as though he had committed some very wicked act instead of asking a simple question. He was bashful; extremely so, wasJrames Brown, at least, in the presence of ladies, and most of all, in the society of the girl he loved. How he contrived to --ippr6acli MiSry' Williams on the subject of his preference for her, probably remains ats much a mys tory to himself as it is to others. James was worth, in a worldly way, more than any of her suitors ; " good- looking ý and intelligent enough to satisfy anyone but an over fastidious person. "Mother is going over to Aunt Em's to spend the evening and wants mo to go ;but I won't. I've been working on father's shirts all day, besides doing dairy work, and am as tired as I can be; so they-will have to go wituout me. Don't come until eight o'clock; I shall be through putting things to right then, and will letyou in." Of course James so far forgot his bash fulness as to petition for a good-bye kiss, which was premptorily refused. "No. I shan't. Think I didn't see you fidgetting round Sarah Jones yesterday? I've not forgotten that, sir !" "Now, Mary- " But the appeal was broken off by a tantilising little laugh, and as he sprang forward to take a pleasant revenge on his tornentress, she slipped away, and ran up the path to the house where lie saw her wave her hand as she disappeared within the kitchen porch. And then he turned from the gate, and took the road homeward. The tea-things had been carried out, the table set back against the wall, and Mary's workstand drawn up in front of the blazing fire. Mary was sewing and thinking how she could tell her mother she expected a visitor. She would have given the world to be able to say, in an offhanded manner, that she expected Mr. Brown to drop in about eight. " I shall not dare to toll her; she'll be sure to think I wishod to got her out of the way, so I might have James all to myself, and I should never hear the last of it." And like a wise little puss, she was silent. I'll venture my word on it, you would not have wondered at our young farmer's enthralment, if you could have seen Mary Williams as she sat by the fireside that cold November evening. A neatly fitting, dark calico, with the new look still upon it, a fresh linen collar, and tasteful black silk apron. These were the chief items of Mary's toilet ; but she looked so sweet and dainty in her plain dress as if hours had been spent in donning laces and jewels. Her rich hair, of the darkest tinge, fell in shining folds close to her warm, red cheeks, aud was caught up in a cunning net behind. Eight o'clock and past. Mrs. Williams was dozing in her chair her shadow on the wall bobbed about in grotesque mimicry as she nodded to and fro, and her fat hands lay listlessly in her lap, and her ball of yarn had rolled out upon the hearth, and puss was busy con verting it into Gordian knots. And just then camo a double rap at the door-so loud, so sudden, so self-assured, that Mary started up with a little shriek, and set her foot on the cat's tail, who, in turn, gave voice to her amazement and dis pleasure. The combined noise aroused Mrs. Wil liams, and, starting into an erect position, she rubbed her eyes, settled her cap border, and exclaimed "Bless my soul, Mary! What.was that? Somebody at the door? Who can be coming at this time of night ?' "It is not late, mother- only a little past eight. I'll go and see who it is," said Mary, demurely taking the candle from the table. "No; you wind up my ball, and sweep the hearth, while I go to the door,".said the old lady, whoso feet were struggling in the meshes of the unrivalled yarn. "Drat that cat!" And all this time James was standing on one foot in the cold porch, with his hands in his overcoat pockets, wondeaing if Mary had fallen asleep, and every now and then giving the deeoor a rap by way of varia tion. In her hurry, Mrs. Williams forgot to take the candle, and, as she stepped out in the little front entry, the sitt;ng-room door slammed after her. She found herself in the embrace of a very stout pair of arms, a whiskered face in close proximity to her own, and, be fore she could think about the strange ness of her situation, she received a pro longed kiss-a hearty smack-fillupon her "Oh ! ' 'Tainrt Obadiah, neither!"' She had 'by this divested herself of the impression that it was her usually sober spouse, who must iave "come home in an unusually excited cohdition 'thus tbo in dulgo in such an unwantoned expression of affectin. " Got out ! Get out; I say '. Who are you? Murder! Thieves! Mary,. come' here Here's a man kissing me like mad !" But the intruder had discovered 'his mis take-it did not need the indignant poin melling and scratching of:the lady's:vigor ous fist to cause him to relinquish bi, hold and fly as if pursued' by Rsome ;indignant ghost. Mary, nearly chokirg with nfothered laughter, in spite of her trepidation, now came to her mothers rescue. "Inever was so frightened in allimy life? Who could it be? Mary have you any idea?" But that dutiful daughter was to all appearances, innocent as adove. She soothed the old lady by'representing that it might have been- ore'of the neighl bours, who, having drunk too much, had mistaken the house 'and'housewife. -.She -scarcbed the-- entry--for--the missing specta?les, droppfed in -the ,souffle; re-ar ranged: the, rumpled' -hap-border; wound up to the tangled yarn; "stirred the fire-all in the most ,amiiible. mann6i possible-and at length had the satisfaction of :seeing her mother subside into the chaiir with her accustomed tranquility. But' Mrs.. Williams was fully awake now. She had a new idea in' ioer. head; and, instead of settling herself for another nap, sh:opursued tho.train of thought and her knitting ?at the same time with wonderful rapidity. At lent.h stopping, and looking keenly Bt lry, Whe said .. suppose-it s a' queer notion of mine, Mary, but I've an indistinct idea that man was Jim, Brown." If Mary's face did not fire up then! You might have lit.a candle by it. These incipient symptoms did not escape the wary inquisitor. "'Pears so to me, 'cause those big whiskers weore so much like his'n, and the awkward way he gripped we with his great paws." Mary was wonderfully busy. ..8h.bent over her work, and threw the needle through so rapi-dly it thetEiread snapped, and then-she was so engaged in threading her needle again that she didn't have time to answer. "I don't thinklthat kiss was meant for me, after all. Wonder who it was intended for? And I wonder if you don't know some thing about it, M ary ?" " Me, mother ?" "Yes, you, Mary, You was mighty anxious togot me and father off to Aunt Em's this evening, but I noticed you were dressed up extraordinary, for all you weren't going. Mary, I'm getting old, I know it; but I haven't lost my eyesight yet. I've heard something about this between youi and James Brown. What are you playing that game for ? Out, with it, I say." Our little schemer, thus adjured, made a "clean breast" of the matter, much re lieved to find that !' mother hadn't nothing agin him," and would ".give father a talk about it, and bring him all around on the subject." " But, Mary, I want you to tell Jim I'd rather he wouldn't make such a mistake agin. I don't like the feel of his big whiskers about my face. I don't approve of promiscuous kissing." Jainmes never heard the last of that blunder. Old Williams used to delight in rehears ing the story whenever all parties interested happened to be present. He would shake his fat sides at James's discomfiture, and his wife's tart replies, and Mary-would join him, and both would laugh until the tears ran down their cheeks. "Never mind, Jim," Mrs. Williams would say, consoling. "Let him laugh. HIe'd have been only too glad to have been in your place, twenty years ago. He had to work to get a kiss from me then. And I hope it will be a lesson to you and Mary agin the impolicy of eoncealment and such' underhand doings of all sorts. 