WOOED AND WON. TUB culi waned softly over ICulmcB Len, lighting up ?lie rocky dill', nnd lopmnat boughs that shaded die lowlands, nnd I he cold grey clouds ancluired in thc eastern »hy, and thc broad green shoulder* nf thc hills. Down In thc moist hallows a faint shndnw, Ulta thc ghost of twilight, crept on tiptoe, waiting for tho sun- shine to be gout', nnd in thu blossoming innes, i'ccp hidden under fluide of beech and oak, n warm-timed gloom, full of dewy odour«, and tremulous voices of rooks, and soft trill of bclntcd robins, lind already Inld itself to sleep, forgetting thc departing daylight In dreams of tho coming morning, On the slope of n hill, facing the sotting sun, eland a low rumbling wooden honre, much out nf repair « ilh splendid flowering shrubs nnd tiers behind, the rich remains of bi Uer days, but a waste ol' uncultivated Holds and füllen fences, stretching over thu slopes nnd deep valleys nriinud. tn tho large old parlour, hunt- ing the stioot and thc sunset stoutl n mnn and wumnn looking abstractedly out upon thc lnndscapo that opened like n rich picture from the vine (Imped window. For full ten minutes neither had spoken, but nt Irng'.h the former round him.elf and turned towards hi.» companion. " You must love thin scene, Esther." ".I do lovo it beyond any oilier," I Ito girl replied, looking up suddenly, while thc sunlight Unshed on her bright hair, and lit up tho whole white forehead it shaded. " I do love lt, nnd it gtown denier nnd fairer with every Benson." '.And Mould no olhci roulent your" he nuked, looking willi a louder significance Into lier Ince, mid hiving his own hand <>n thc white one nuning tho vine leaves. The girl looked up with a ilu^b on her cheek, bul nu added dignity in her whole milliner. .' Could you bc coniri.lid tn look on llriusido n» ils mistress, nuil the bist treasure ils mntutr possessed i" ho tuged, moro passionately, taking her limul in lil", mid BU oping to kiss it. " You do me gi rat honour," ehe snld, gently thaw- ing her hand away; "but I mii-t not liston to you. Forgive mo if I nsk you not to mention it again.' 1 dare say you will look at it in a different light when you reflect dlapnisionutcly." '. I can novor see lt differently," ho answered In a tono of deep disappointment. " It ls no sudden passion," " And yet you are rich, flattered, fortunato In overy re,peet, «hilo I nm but a poor wnmnii, content to writ hnvd for my subsistence, and quito ont of tho path of fashion nnd fnvour. You should sock a mora equal alliance, Mr. Sylvester," " 1 cst-em your love nnd favour above all that wealth ur fashion ona show mo, and I humbly Imploro thom of jon, Esther," tho young man said, fervently. "I can wult, I will promlso anything you desire; I think I could mike you hnppy, If you would only try to love|mp, I should bo the happiest man in Holmes Len." " I cannot promise, and if you will forgive mo I will tell you why. I cnn novor vow to love nnd honour any mon who lins no nobler nim in life ihnn his own happiness," silo snld, earnestly. " You nro a mnn of honour, I know, kind nnd true in your privnto rela- tions, hut your character is still untiled. You nro a child of fortune, altogether untouched by adversity. I should have no wnrr.int thnt you would not fnil » hen poverty or reproach cuno. The mun that I cnn love nnd mist must Imvo breasted misfortune ami risen nbovu it ; must bu ono who livia for duty nnd piluciple, not for sollhdi grntlllcotlon mid idle praise." She raised her lu nd proud ly in tho hiding sunlight ns she spoke, mid with a deep sigh, nnd n look nf ten- der admiration, Ibo young mnn turned away. " I read my fnto In those words, Esther," bo said. " You could not lovo mc, mil I should not presume to n«k it now. Good night, dent. Eat got that I ever Irr; nilled you." .' Eniget that wo ever spoke other than n» good friends, and try nlw nj s tn think nf mo ns such," alie pleaded, following him to thc door with outstretched linud mid tent ful eyes. He pressed lil» Ups reverently to the linnd she gnvo him, mid lending out lils horse, sprung tn tho sudd lc, and wns soon threading Ihn network ol Innes tliat led II shorter rnuto than thu main road from Holmes Lon to Urneildo. Tho darkness and dow fill softly in onch other's I arms on thu couch of frngrnnt hedge nnd boughs and 1 tender grnss, and up from the very heart ol tho still ness bent thc pliiintlro nine «ra whippoorwill, echoed ever andover again'in tho faintest ol' cadences, from tho retreating chain of-lulls that looked on Uruoiilc. The'young mun »topped' his horse in the (lottery way, and inking off Ills cap, looked op tb where the Blurs grew plonor «nd plninrr in the ro»et<uiched Ohm above. Even like thal SOUR and lt« echoes « pre her words, and the response that came bm k I'M m his own heart. . II« UM» leading an Idle, »clf-lndulgent lifo. How could uny nnble-henrlcd woman lay all her hopes in his hands? How could any one lean upon suelt an unproved character as Insf He put oh his cup nguiu anti wnlkrd h's horno »lowly homcwnril, tl-1 uk IHR sud I y nf what n useless life ho lcd. No ono WUK much tho better for hi« having lived, no one nerd mies him grently If ho wero gone. Wa« lt not unworthy ol' one tu whom flo many gilts of fortune hail fallen, to Uro thus P The question slept with him that night, und was nt his side all the next iluy, whether he sut within or mdc out In I lie summir II lr. He felt un «hume that a poor school mistress should havo rejected him, but a deep pulu and humiliation ihut she «lililíld concilier him ur worthy her lover, Hut thc strnggl« with stln»hni'S» is »a trine, and Murk Sylvester roon bc|iun to think that he was no wniso limn hi« ncighbnuis, nor hnlf so lind as many would be with hts nppoitunitles. Ile resolved, to travel mid forget his disappointment in the excitement ol chango and pleasure. To one who has youth, woalth, and no iucumbrunci>, tn will is ta do, and for no irly ii year the young man tasted all the plen-utes ol' wild iidventure, or tho adulation of gay -nciety. Ho was courted and feled, fuir women smiled upon him and almost Cell at his feel in admiration of him- self and his riches ; mm older and wi»er thnn ho wi ru proud and happy tu :nll him friend und brother; and n little satiated with all hiB praire, and juli ct with travel and dissipation, Murk Sylvester came hack to Drnesidc, with a moat excellent opinion nf bimmil and wondering ll' il was posible thal a poor country girl, who taught a few children for her daily breud, lind presumed lo reject him. Thc morning alter hi* arrival nasa bright »pilli« Sunday, and just by way of amusement ho walked to the villago church. There were mun y ncqunintnnrei. very happy to »co him, but tho only person lie wns very curious to seo wnikcd quietly towards her pew without looking ut him, and IIB soon ns tho minister rosa, appeared to ho nbsorbed in thc service. .She was (wier and thinner thnn w hen Mark h id seen her Inst, mt tho fuce lind lout nothing of the thoughtful sweet ness rlint hnd held his heart in thrnll. Was it pcs »Ilde ? He oven trembled before it now ! There iva. a new clergyman in pince of thc fut, dozy old fellow, who hnd Ulled tho village pulpit for twenty yen is, nnd tho present incumbent wns quite another sort of person. Very soon Mink's attention wns completely nbsorbed. Suth solemnity, snell chiquent simplicity ho lind never henid bolero, und all his Inte Tain-glorying und pi ¡ile inelietltioli.ro ii. He was n mun »lin knew whnt tl un worth wu«, for singularly enough his theme wns tho same thal lind driven Murk frnin homo to seek ringctfulncss nf him »elf. The nobleness of n soul tried by ndversity, and found not wanting in strength and purity. The beauty of eelf-dcniul mid 1 boar mid caro Tur othei's hnniiiuiss, When tho sermon was concluded nnd tho hymn sung, tho minister enmo -down from tho pulpit nnd walked homewards with Esther Hindson. Mark watched them go up the steep path townrds thc house, nnd snw her gather o flower hom tho garden and give him before he turned away. Ula heart buttud bitterly. Here wns this stranger, only three months , in Holmes Len, gathering thc choicest blossom nf : tho country side, whilo hu could not oven get one glunco after so lung un absence. Ile forgot all about tho gay city belles who h nd so chm med him with their fluttery. Ula heart enmc back lo its only passion Uko thc spring tide townrds tho flowery shore, mid with the tush ol thc now old lore carno the old troublesome thoughts of unworthiness mid deep di»' sitiisfaction with himself. But he Was a man of tho world enough lo hide his heart behind a quiet fnce, and go oarly in the week to coll on Esther Hindson. Tho school was just lot out upon tho green, and tho mistress wa'ched their gambols with, a laughing eye, pulling sanro moro ewers off the bush from which the minister's had been gathered. She came forWnrd with outstretched hnud und very cordial welcome on her Hps, as he wont up the pnthi He tonk the hand, wondering dint any other could over have seemed beautiful, and com- plimented her flowers. " Do you think thom very forward ?" sho asked, "They're fragrant; perhaps you'd like some i" and she g.ive him a whole cluster. He bent his face to thom to hide In their frngrant tips thc deep flush nf grateful love, and followed hir Into th« nld parlour. They ant down by thc great buy window and talked and looked out upon tho landscape ns In old times. Her eyes were like two clear springs hld among tho hills ; her smile sudden mid sweet ns the spring sunshine out of a cloud and that thought- ful hnlf-snd look that fell Uko drapery about her Ince when tho smilo wna gone-lt wna moonlight upon Holmes Lea when the summer wns deep. Murk Syl vcater knew that BO rare a woman lind never crossed lils pnth, and ho knew that ho loved her bcyoi d fathoming-fnr, far hoyond forgetting, In ibo strength of that cansciousnecs, as he sat there with her, he felt his own unworthiness, mid yet a now sen- sation began to dunn on his soul. He knew that ho could give her up to ono moro worthy, nnd bo glnd that sho wns properly mated. Ho looked out of tho window and saw the minister enming up the path, and rose to go. She naked him to como again mid till her nil about thc gny world he lind been visiting, nnd »honk .ninnis coulinlly with lum when ho went, though n Blight flush month d her cheek ns sha saw I he minister coming up tho gnidrn walk. Mark lind never dreamed ho waa so strong na he found himself tn be ihnt summer. Ile had never been denied anything from his childhood up, but now ho waited cnlmly tosco a stranger win the woman he had loved belter than life, and «nt nnd talked nnd walked «lill them, Uko tho most indifferent spectator. Ho could mit keep away, for Esther naked him, and her simplest request w ns Inw. Tho minister asked him, tim, and seemed glad enough tn ba vii him, nnd lu spite nf lils jealousy, won upon him more ; for Mink could not hut ncknnwlcdgo thnt ho was a most per leer speci- men nf a man. Watchful ns he wu» ho lind never detected him saying nr doing anything ho er nhl not entirely approve, and the best tnkru nf tho nina's worlli and purity was that ho won thc comp li-tc re- spect nnd reierenco ol' his rival, For II rival Mark »ns, iilthougli ho schnolrd bia ton- gue and his eye tn perfect control, and played tho purl nf n friend lo his own astonishment. Ile would ¡into mnde ono more desprrnto (Hort for thc prize, bul he knew Esther loved the minister, for abo blushed for tilt? minister, nnd »ho never blushed when he enme ; shu gave thc minister lior hnud, shu lind censed tn do so for him ; she often grew nbaont mid dull when tho minister went before him, though sho wns often bril- liant enough when hu wns by. She certainly loved him; they were wonderfully titted for caoh other; what wns he thnt ho should stand in their way F Ho snt down beneath tho edge to think what it would really bo to givo her up, and forgot that tho dew wns fulling nnd thnt tho hour una Into. In tho morning his head ached violently, nnd he could not riso. Dy night ho waa in n violent fever, and another day faun 1 him Insensible. He slruggcd th'otigh a fearful sh neb nf pnin mid delirium nnd enmc out on the rond of con- valescence, n difllcnlt pnlh ot best, but very hurd fnr Murk, in lils lonely state, without mother, oraisicr nr brother, ta cheer the solldute, onlv tho minister, who enmu whenever ho could steal n moment from other duties ; mid his presence, refreshing ns it might have been, brought ton keen a pang along with il tu beni thc invalid. Hut Mark knew that ho « as getting up from that bcd of sickness a belter mnn. In tho long hours of pain and loneliness ho had conned ono lessian that comos sooner or later to all. He know now how vnln wero youth and honlth and riches, nnd he rejoiced tn tho knowledge. And ns misforturcB beacon each other to their proy, and fly from afar townrds the spat whire their mates hover, Mark could not hope to be exempt from Ihc common Int. When he wua ncnily leeovered, and wna busying himself to bolter the condition nf lils tenants, and inako employment for some ol' thc poor of thc village, down enmo n lawyer, post-haste, with nowB of n new claim to bia Inheritance. His uncle lind died ulenia at ltine«lde, leaving the »Ul that mnde him his heir, and nftcr diligent search no other papor could bo found, nlthotigh Ibero were ninny who said thnt a Inter will had boon mnde, but not recorded Tor wnnl nf time. Mnrk had coma from n distant part nf tho ennntry to tnka possession, and knew nn thlng nf tho cousin who lind bern educnled tn re- ceive tho Ililli rltnncc, but disenrded In ono nf tho pas- sionate whims of Ibu old man. lt was after tho qunr rel thnt Hie will lind been mude out in Mark's favour, and to do him justice, he had arni ched diligently lor other and tutor papers, and hud long since settled down In n comfortable sense ol' n Irgul possession. Now n mnn wns found who sworo that n new will wna in ado and witnessed by himself, thal tho attorney who drew it wns In Australia, and thnt nut nf re- vengo townrds tho neicc ol Mr. bylvestor, ho hod hid- den tho will. Eut now, hoing penitent, ho wished to do Justice to tho wronged wntnnn, who was vrry poor, mill irria could bo brought to Uracsida he would And tho will. . % '." ' " Nowi what will you do about itf" naked the at- torney. . . :, ;¡ , j .! Du ! Why, bring tho mnn hero and 5nd tho will. If I hero ia one," exclaimed Mark, , " 1 should not give up this splendid property wlth out ii Htrugglp," said tho lawyer, doggedly. "1 will not give lt up unless Ibero la a Inter will than mine," auld Mark ; " but my conscience han troubled mc about thia property. Thero ia that womnn brought up herc expressly to be cn heiress. Hying in' tho house Uko tho old man's daughter, and discarded fot uri very serious pfloncc, I believe If they con show mo any honcrt pruof thst. thc old man repented before he died, sho shall hove Braesido ; If not I shall Cay her an annuity. I am ashamed I huyo not dane lt ofore," " You aro a moat impracticable tann," tho lawyer said. " I hope to bo an honest one," enid Mark. As Mark expected, thc paper was found, snd sworn to hy many who knew tho former proprietor's writing. Murk mid oven his attorney wcro satisfied that it was legal us fur ns tho old man's intentions went, although tho atiict letter of the law had not been followed in its construction; and without hesitation the young man ri signed all claim tu the catato, and prepared to give possession in n month, and lo seek his fortuno in lome dlstunt part nf tho world-some new country where labour una capital. Thc month passed swiftly, for there were many looso ends of business tn settle, and Mmk was too proud to Icavo n disorderly property to his successor!. Ho had ant piocrcdcd BO far without thc warm pro- test of mnny friends. Tho other claimant's litio was not clear, they auld. If this wonld bear thc acrutiny nf n court nf law, then let her tako the inheritance, hut until timi timo they counselled him to hold tho pnsscssior, mid go on ns before. It WBB even »alli that w ith a riNBcinus lawsuit, whoso termination was so uncertain in view, tho womnn would bo glnd to com- promise with n handsome allowance from Mark. But lie shut his cars resolutely, nnd would not think of any other arrangement than the ono ho considered just nnd righteous. So tho week and tho doy of his departure came round, and nil the visita were rando and adieus spuken, for Mark was to start by early train for his native town, there to moko preparation fnr his entrance on tho great world. It wns Into autumn, and na ho gazed from the library windows, the sotting sun streamed redly across thc fudrd lawns nnd threw out In distinct relief tho nuked btnurhps nf thc tree, Braeside was always beautiful, and in tho pcaco of this setting summer ere there scorned somewhat of holiness In tho decoyed henuty of the wide-spreading fields and swolls, and clusters nf thicluts, and great spreading branches of oiks, like nhl min spreading out their hnndn to bler-s their childicii when their summer time was gone. Murk thought ns he gazed, that if treas could fcc), lio y would own a brotherhood with him now ; and with eyes llxed cm the bcrspeetlvc, up willah tho Bun light strcnuud, ho fell into a fit of musing, that was I broken nt hngth by the quick trot of n horse up tho I gravel walk, and n ring nt the door. A woman's voice inquired for him. He gnt un breathlessly, snd sat down again with a fearful beating st his heart, for lt wan Esthei's vnlce, and ho lind bid her farewell th nt afternoon in the midst of s circle of friends who Ulled her parlour, and had looked his loot on her, si he thought, when tho turned away from the door, after bidding him good night and e. prosperous journey. There had been tears In her eyes ss she said it, and tho hnnd he could not help kissing hnd lain ticmbling and cold In hist but thc minuter was within, No doubt he had a right thero, and Mmk had como off half broken-hearted It WOB tho lott drop In his cup that he could not icc her alone for one moment, and tell her before they paned how hope- lessly ho ha d loved her, and that her face and tho memory of her kindness Would sweeten the hours of his .cxili'i Kow she was before him,blushing, trem- bling, and he forgot his misfortunes- everything but that she wes another's, and thetas a man of honour he must say but little of what lay nearest his heart.. They talked of his approaching journey, of the groat chango in his prospects, of tho perils and the pleasures of those who muko their fortunes in tho great world, and os thc daylight waned, she rose to go. " I was not satisfied with our last meeting," she said, soil ly, her hand upon tho latch. " I wanted to say what 1 think of you, that until lately I have greatly undervalued your character, Mark. I should not have felt satisfied to let you go without thia ac- knowledgment. I hopo you'll forgive my presump tlon In having judged you." Tlure was a tender sadness in thc tone that touched him, und it gave him hopo too. " Ia thero any rcaarn why you moy not rcconaldcr ; thc whole of that decision, Esther f " ho said, taking her hand, " I nm a very poor man now, but a better dcpcndcnco for a true woman than I waa then." She looked up suddenly Into his face. " I hnro not chnnçod, Esther. I love you more pro- foundly than ever," ha said, taking her said, anxi- ously. "Neither have I changed at alt," she anid. Ile dropped her hand, and would havo turned away but thc Bwcct, bashful glow from her face thrilled him. " I havo loved you always, Mark," stole like music upon his enr, and tn tho joy and promlso of this new gift, all past sorrow and misfortune were swept away. Who can find a virtuous woman f for her price ls far a bora rubies. 