THI LATE DOWLING, SENIOR. S?Mly friend, Jacob DI)owling, Esq.,L had Lcee bpeCding the day very agreeably ill his eounting-ronu with somne ctOlupatiouns, and at night retired to tile domtette circle to ravel out solUe ilttricate aceounte. Seated at his parlour table he ordered his wife and chiltretll out of the roolm and ad dreessed himsnelf to business. While clam bering wearily up a coluamn of tigures helie felt upon his' cheeke the touch of some thing that seemed .to' cling' clammily to the skin like the ctiress of a naked oyster. Thougllhtfully setting down the result of his addition so far as hle lhad proceeded with it, le turned about and looetd up. "1 beg your pardon, sir,':said hie, ' but you have not the advantage of iiy ac quahiltance." " Why, Jake," replied thie apparition whom I have thloughlt it'uscleos to deo scribei" don't you know InU '" " I confess that your coulteniance is fa miliar," returned my iriend, "but I cannot at this moilent recall your nalune. . never forget a face, but naates I cainnot relneml ber." "Jake I" rumbled thle spectre with se pulchlral dignity, a look of displeasuru crawling acros his pallid features," you're foolin'." "I give you my word I ?u quite se rious. Obligu se with your name, and favour mue with a statement of your busi ness with ne at this hour." The disemibodied party sank uninvited into a chair, spread out his lknees, end stared blankly at a Dutch clock with an air of weariness and profound discourage ment. 'Perceiving that his guest wast making himiself tolerably conifortable, my friend turned again to his figures, and si lence reigned supreme. The fire in the grate burned noiselessly with a mysterious blue light; as if it 'could do moro if it wished; the Dutch clock looked wise, and swung its pendulumn with studied exact ness, like one who is detertinied to do his precise duty and shun responsibility; the cat assumed an attitude of intelligent neutrality. Finally fife spectre traineu his pale eyes upon his host, pulled in a long breath, and remarked : "Jake, I'm yur dead father. I come back to have a talk witli yo 'bout the way things is again' on. I want to.know 'f you thinik it's right notter recognise yur dead parent ?" " It is a little rough on you, dear," re plied tlhe son without looking up, " but ils fact is that [7 and 3 are 10, and 2 are 12, and 6 are 1)] it is so long since you have been about Land 3 off are 161 that I had kind of forgotten, and [2 into 4 goes twice, and 7 into i you can'tJ you know how, it is yourself. May I be permitted to again inquire tie precise nature of your present business ?" "Well, yea-if you won't talk anything but shop, I s'pose I must comeo to the p'int.' I say I you don't keep anything to drink 'bout yer, do ye, Jake " " 14 from 23 are 9--I'Ill get you somne tling when we get done. Pleaeo explain hlOw we can serve oine another." " Jake, I done. overything for you, and you ain't done nothin'for me s'nco I died. I want a mIonument bigger'n Dave Bro derick's, with an oppytaph in gilt letters, hy Joaquin Miller. I can't git into any kind o', society till I have 'em. You've no idea how exclusive they are whler I am...... .... Tihe dutiful son laid downhis pencil,. and effected a stiflly vertical attitude. He was all attention : "Anythling, else to-day lie he a ed- rather sneeringly, Igrieveto state.' " No-o-o, I don't think of anything spe cial," drawled the ghost rellettively; "I'd like to have an iron fence arottnd it to keep the cowes off, but I a'pose that's in cluded."· . , " Of course I And. a gravel walk, alid a lot .of' alabone shells, and fresh posies daily; anmarble angel.or two for coi- I pany,' and.anything: else that will add to your comfort. Have you any otlher ex tremely reasonable request..to stake .of me.?". '.Yes-....inee yost mention it..,I 'vwant you to contest my will. ,Horace Hawes is having.his'n contested.":.,, . ""My fine friend, yosidld.siot make any will."; , " *" ' i',Thlat .ain't o' no consequience. 'You forge me a good 'un and contest thnt.'t , "':With .pleasure,sir ;, but. that will be extra.· Now indulge me in one question. You spoke of the societr wlhere you reside. Where do you reside ?" The, Dutch clock pounded clamorously sipon its bronze gong a. countlessmulti tude of.hours ;. tile glowing coals fell like an .avalanchoe through thei grate, spilling all .over,ithe cat,.who exaltel.d hlr.voice in a squawk like..thoi deathwail, of a,;stuck pig, and dashed affrighted through; the window.. A smell of ,scorchingf £ur per vaded the place, and under.cover of ,it the aged ' spectre walked into tho..lmirror, va ninhsing like a dream.i , t ·, .'.. 