THE CONYEST SCHOOL j ' ;!r , oK» ; %/.. . : ! <01oister 'Spiders- and-- jFteataat-vBlies. , . ' . . , .PART , SECOND: ' .V ; Showing thr Manner op.Romb's, Children. the most. upright is sliarp&i; tliak a,Mqm' Ke."MicAS. vii. 4. 'Chapter lis— (Continued .) Agnes. — The Missouri Nun. — Estelle. : The nun from, Missouri, .kneeling in her cell, would, not come out, but kept telling her beads add repeating her, prayers all. night— at least such was the report made to the Abbess the next morning. On hearing this, the Abbess bade Saint Cecelia order the nun to her pre- sence, saying, "I must hnd out what she means." The order being given, the prostrate: devotee arose, pulled her hood well over her bowed face and glided to the private parlor of the Superior. She stood there, her head drooping (thus, con cealing her features), and holding to a chair, as if for support. Saint Cecelia left the room, and as she closed the door, the Abbess said, "Look at me, daughter.", The nun slowly raised her head, pushed back her hood with both hands, and the handsome, dauntless face , of Agnes Anthon ' met the Superior's eye; " Agnes !" cried the- Abbess, " what does this mean?" "! 'K.;U : / "It means,," said Agnes, boldly, " that I have turned Rome's1, weapons against herself. Here you teach us to deceive, and— I have de ceived you." - "What have you done?" exclaimed Mother Robart, sinking slowly back in her chair and folding her arms across her ample chest. "I have set your poor little captive from Missouri free as air, said Agnes, throwing back her proud young head and eyeing the Superior unflinchingly. " She left with my uncle yesterday, and to-day he will be back for me; and," she added, meaningly, "if he does not find me, he has power and Scotch . energy ; enough to turn your precious convent upside" down." "Wretched girl !" hissed the Abbess, clench- 1 ing her hand, "I might have known this !" "You viight," said Agnes, haughtily, "but you trusted too much the power, of Rome. , Did you think you could make a pervert of me ? ' Six | months ago I read stories of . the wretched '. captives whom jRome holds, until my blood was .on fire. I remembered the unhappy, girl you .had brought here from the West! Her haggard .face haunted' me,. and I laid my plans to come back here and watch. What' I could do for her. Each week the way has .opened before me. I seized each chance as' it came — and she has gone. I had pride in it, too," she added, with flashing eyes. "I was proud to pit my strength against yours !" "How dare you, doomed and wicked girl, stand there before me, polluting, the dress of our sacred Order?" cried Madam Robart, fiercely. . "I'll take off what I can,!' said Agnes coolly, throwing hood, cape and apron upon the floor. " What do you mean — blazon my exploit abroad, or send me away quiet with my uncle?" " You have tampered with a poor nun whom we can prove crazy, and have taken her from the shelter which, when in her right mind, she loved." "It was a prison she hated," said Agnes.: " If you think her crazy .about visions, why we arranged them between us. She has seconded me ; splendidly, making it a double pleasure to release her. You helped her run away from her relatives to join you, and, now, in order to: escape from you, she has used some of the guile: you taught , her. I've fallen on her neck and1 slipped a note into her robe under your very eyes." "Protestant!" hissed the superior. "Pro testant worthy of the name ! to live a life of falsehood , and to lie to me. so infamously day after day !" " Oh, but you didn't understand me, Mother Robart," answered Agnes, naively; V and if that. were true, it is better to live a false life two 'months than all one's life, as— Well, I might have done this a better way but this way suited .me."- V A furious ring at the great front-doorbell just : now sounded through the house. "That's my uncle," said Agnes, cheerfully.: There ! was a loud voice and a heavy, stride in the, hall, and Mr. MacPherson, pushing past the porteress, and flinging the inner door wide open, made his _ way through the grand parlor to the withdrawing-room, where were those he Sought. ' ' Where is my niece ?" he demanded fiercely. 1 " Here, uncle ?" cried Agnes bravely. He caught her hands in both his and shook them' vigorously. "Good girl! grand girl! I " didn't kiiow but what they'd make away with you- before I got here. Come, now, let me get you out of this den — maybe there's a trap-door under our, feet." . " Sir, you insult me !" cried the Abbess. " Is ; this your Scotch politeness and manhood? By all means take that girl from this sacred roof- take her away from those whose courtesy she 'has returned with disrespect— whose candor she has/ answered with falsehood— whose religion aiid charity she has.trampled under foot !" ."Thus, you Bee, the Abbess was not to be crushed. She could hold her own against great odds, and, defeated, appeared to have con quered/ As Mr. MacPherson, flushed and ex cited, carried off his niece, 'inadame stood in the door other parlor majestic as a queen dismiss ing a disgraced servitor. . : ; Now Was Agnes' hour of triumph. In her uncle's eyes she was a heroine. His friends were disposed to regard her in the same light. Hints of the matter crept into the papers. Grace and Adelaide.- the story .at home — Adelaide with unequivocal glee ; Grace amazed,; shocked, and yet with covert admiration of her :whom she dared not call her friend. Richard took up the affair with enthusiasm, and presum- ng on the introduction given at the "As sumption" f6te, hastened down to Mr. Mac- Pherson's new abode to flatter and applaud. In all this dangerous hum of adulation, one voice alone was silent— one anxious eye . checked the undue exultation ; . and to shield Hefl from the unwonted dangers of praise , and1 popularity ' was thqf anxiofls jtHpught' of the young girl's best frjend and' guardian— her mother. : ; Uncle MacPherson, finding his fears put to flight, and' his best hopes more than1 realized, was' ready to exalt his niece to complete sovereignty over, hiriiselfj and would have said to her,' What is thy petition.?, iind it shall be granted thee ; and what is thy' request ? even to the half of the kingdom, it shall be performed." Mrs. Anthon wisely let a day or two of this exuberant rejoicing pass away. Then came the good maternal counsel ahd monition : — "My daughter, no one rejoices more than I at that poor girl's escape. But tell me, was it philanthropy, alone that put this difficult scheme in your head ? Was it not also pride and a desire to try your own ability at out witting the Superior and priest, that urged you on ?" " Yes, mother," said Agnes, frankly; " it was all of these. I rejoiced in being able to ..defeat them, as well as to save that unhappy nun;" "And does it argue well, my child, for the crystal purity and frankness of your character, that you are able to outscheme old schemers and deceive the teachers. of deception?" and Mrs. Anthon looked down into the dark, eyes of the girl sitting on a hassock at her feet, until Agnes blushed. "Mother," said Agnes, "do you think I could, ever deceive youl" "I hope not, my child, and yet this .ability to manoeuvre and mislead is a fatal power! Per haps you used it well this time, but might in dulge it to your ruin. I tremble when I think that for weeks you could live an unnatural life — a tissue of duplicity. Agnes, your work was well conceived — was boldly planned — was stead fastly carried out ; and yet, my, daughter, it shows that the child-like simplicity of your character is gone." " Mother, in these years since we parted you expected . me to change. I have been thrown on my own resources, forced to think and act for myself. You cannot expect me to be a child any longer."® ' " There are some characteristics of childhood my Agnes, 1 would have you hold for ever. He ;who enters the kingdom of heaven must enter as a little child. Agnes, was your plan worthy , of a Christian ? Butj mother, I am not a Christian," said Aignes, in a subdued tone. " AlaS, you are not, my dear girl ; and do you not know that, lacking the Christian's hope in Jesus, your soul will be lost despite aU natural, graces ? Agnes, while you have set another free, . are you a captive still? My highest wish for you is yet unsatisfied." ' It is singular how. averse we are by nature to 0\. personal appeal concerning religion ; how ready, to turn the subject to our neighbour and away from ourselves. Proving this feeling, Agnes referred the matter of conversation' to her uncle, who was; slowly pacing up and down the room : " Uncle, are you a Christian ?" " I am a professor of religion, niece, " said Mr. MacPherson, slowly. "And a possessor?" asked Agnes, with cha racteristic freedom. The old gentleman, walked up and down the room for some minutes in a deep muse. "Well Agnes," he said at last,'- stopping before her, "by the grace of God I believe I am ; and yet, I fear, the most dead, and crooked stick among all Christ's branches. Niece," he continued, looking at Mrs. Anthon, " If I'm ever worthy of the name of Christian, it is high time I woke up. Come now, . ' As for me and my house we will serve the Lord ' in right good earnest, by the Lord's help! No more dead-and- alive, sleepy service for me.", Agnes looked at the earnest face of her uncle, and saw also the joy sparkling in her mother's eyes. She felt this was a hope she did not cherish, an interest that had noplace within her heart. The remarks of Mrs. Anthon had opened Mr. MacPherson's eyes to the fact that he might be in a fair way to spoil his niece. He! considered her youth and inexperience, and saw plainly that it was better for, her to return to her ordinary quiet life. "No more boarding school for you, Agnes," he said to her. " You must have another six months or so of hard study ; but let it be in soffie school in the city, for we have here the very best, and you can live at home. There is no. instruction can make up > to you for lack of your mother's care ahd advice." " I am sure I do not want to go away from mother again," said Agnes : and very soon after this she was busy with her studies in one of the best schools.near her home. Mr. MacPherson's name having , been quite freely mentioned in the. affair of the escaped nun, Mr. Kemp remembered that the Mac Pherson's of Edinburgh had been related to his mother's family, and finding that this Mac Pherson was a man of wealth, was sure he must be a cousin, distant one or two removes. Mr. Kemp had become a Romanist purely from political motives. It was net to be supposed that, when he might strengthen his social position and increase his acquaintance by searching out relationship with a man of fortune, he would hesitate because that person was inimical to Popery and utterly odious in the eyes of the priest. Accordingly he called on Mr.. MacPherson, and proved conclusively that they were relatives and should be the best possible friends! And now arose Mr. Kemp's first trouble from priestly interference in his family. He wished his wife and daughters to call on Mrs. Anthon and Agnes ; but this Father Murphy positively forbade them to do. Again, Mr. Kemp insisted on, inviting Mr. MacPherson to dinner, but when he came the lady of the house pleaded headache1 and could not appear at dinner. Adelaide and Grace were also absent, having unaccountably re mained, at the convent. So, while the table was "covered with dainties and admirably servedj the dinner-party consisted of a dull trici — Mr. Kemp, Mr. MacPherson, and Richard— the first angry, the second surprised, and the "third wickedly delighted. ' ' One of the ways your priest has of proving true the Scripture, 'A man's foes shall, be they of his own household,'" whispered Richard to his father. _ After dinner the young gentleman went to his mother's dressing-room to pay, his respects to. her. . She was lying comfortably on a lounge and reading a novel. : " I presume your illness is. more mental than physical, as I, see you are taking literature as a remedy?" said Rick. Mrs. Kemp bit her lip and dropped her book. "I hope you tried the truffles, as.they. were exceedingly nice, and fish and fowl' were too gqod to miss," continued Richard; settling. him self in the chair. "Certainly ; I. intended to have everything in good style, though I was too much indisposed to enjoy it myself," said Mrs. Kemp. "You see now. how impossible, and how ex ceedingly unpleasant, it would have been for me to look upon that matter about Lilly as you did," said Rick the unconquerable. " In case she were my wife, her priest would order her to have headaches half the time on account of mv friends." "Dear me, son Richard ! you speak as if you had been quite sure of Lilly," said Mrs, Kemp, .impatiently. "It was Father Murphy I would need to be sure of — Lilly must have done just as : she, was ' bid," said Rick. "Let us say no more about it," said . Mrs. Kemp. " You lost a great deal by not meeting Mac Pherson," rattled on Richard. "He's a prime article in the line of society. And there's Miss Agnes — she is a grand girl, I can assure you. Your convents form none such. She can argue likp a man, and does her own thinking. She hasn't been kept skimming the surface of a dozen paltry acquirements of life, but what she has studied she has learned." "Wicked Richard ! He knew this praise was "as vinegar to the teeth and smoke to the eyelids !" About this time, under the calm seeming of the Convent of the Immaculate Heart of Mary a tempest was brewing. Although the Missouri nun had escaped as a bird from the Bnare of the fowler, yet she counted but one, and whatever money she brought to Mother Rome remained there. She was one nun gone, and the circum stances were aggravating. Now, however, a more serious loss threatened, and Mother Robart and Father Murphy gathered their forces to prevent it. First, a. Jesuit brother from the Belen of Havana amved. and brought news to Father Murphy that Martin Wynford had become very . fond of the Brothers and their religion — dangerously so, his father thought— and on this account Mr- Wynford had removed him - from the institution, saying he " did not intend to, ;have his children made fanatics. " Next a- letter arrived for Estelle from her .father, bidding her- mind her! books, let the priests alone and not get her head turned on the subject of religion, as the pleasures of the world were before her. This letter found its grave in Mother Robert's pocket. We must here revert to the fact that Mr. Wynford despised all religious feeling, arid would lmve used these same measures had ! he supposed is children was in danger of being con verted into any religion whatever. In the new sehemeB now developed by Father Murphy and Mother Robart, Lilly's trusty maid, the excellent Annette, was needed else- . where. Her mission at Mrs. Schuyler's was accomplished. Lilly's fate was fixed. Hannah could not be ousted. In increasing distress, Mrs. Schuyler turned more and more to her Bible and her God, and therefore more and more from Rome. As Annette must go, Mother Robart suggested that. Lilly should take Ann Mora, whom a slight lameness prevented from filling any but ah easy situation, and have her trained to wait upon her. "I am so sorry to lose you, Annette!" said Lilly. , " Thank you, miss, I am sorry enough, to go, but I have a letter that my mother is dying, and go I must," said Annette, weeping! f>r > '. An hour after Annette started "to; see ! her dying mother," she was, to all outward appear ance, hanging on the wall of an upper room< in the House Without a Name, and Sister Clement was! busy over embroidery and "exercises.'' Lilly would never have recognized ! Sister .Clement as Annette ; but she would doubtless have been amazed to see Annette's hair, bonnet, coat, dress : and false teeth suspended ' onr the otherwise bare wall of a nun's cell. ' At night, Mother Ignatia, haggard,- wretched, ghOst-haunted and siri-burdened still,. left- the House Without a Name, accompanied' by. Sister Clement, and the two glided like black spectres toward the Convent of the Immaculate Deart. Did any deluded Protestant meet them! suppose he concluded they were going on some blessed errand of mercy. After a while, Father Douay came up and walked silently -before them — a third in this expedition of heavenly charity. Thus they reached the. convent and entered Mother Robart's private room. ' -uY. The matter in hand was thiB : Mr. Wynford would return in riix months to the United States, and would then undoubtedly -take Estelle from the -convent. He might endeavor so to remove her before his return. To pleatfe the nuns, and personally with entire carblesS- ness arid indifference, Estelle ' had received baptism, communion and confirmation/ She therefore belonged to the Roman Catholic Church; they claimed her, mind,- body"-' and estate. And yet in blind; hardened Ambrida, the law would inevitably insist upon her father's right to her. What was to be done? The first measures were to prevent her being taken at once from the convent! - Mother Robart considered what she should '- do in the event of any third party being sent to place Estelle in some other 'school; arid to allay the father's apprehensions, Saint Cecelia was called upon to write a letter, in close imitatiori of Estelle's hand, and iri reply to the one the Abbess had not seen fit to "give to Estelle. In this forged letter Estelle ' would' be supposed to tell her father of- her increasing accomplishments, of her entire indifference" 'to the religion of her school, of : the admirable silence maintained by the Sisters on this subject, arid of her own eager expectations of tbO tiriie when he should introduce her to the gay . world. " The girl's parent, » said the excellent Father Murphy, "is an atheist,- and that is the same as being a Jew. or a Protestant ; it completely un fits him for being the guardian of this child.". "Estelle has been baptized," said Mother Robart, " and is therefore a member and award of; the true Church, and we are bound to protect her. spiritual interests. She is now by baptism entirely made over and born again into! the -hply kingdom, and can be compelled by force, if ne6d be, to keep the unity of the faith arid' submit rto the authority of the Church." " Courts of law acknowledge in parents in" all pases a guardianship over the child," said Father Douay, " but ecclesiastical law— holds, that the child is free, from its earliest reason, to subiriit to the Church, without regard to the .wishes of the parent, and such submission once made must be maintained. "f " Yes," said Father Murphy,- theaqtocrat of the occasion, " we must maintain the liberty of of our daughter Estelle's coriscience. " "Liberty of Conscience!", gasped'- .flaint Cecelia, too greatly amazed to keep silence. r "Do you know," said Mother Robart with severity, " that Father Hecker, in hisr excellent work on Liberty of Conscience, defines it as the 'right to embrace, profess and practice the Catholic religion?' "$ ' "I am so ignorant I" said.. Saint Cecelia, meekly. - " I should think you were, " whispered S<dnt Clement with malice. ' ' "the question of 'right ' in this; case,": said the Abbess Robart, "is one' no. reasonable person would dispute." ; ' ; "It would not be mentioned in any biit.these vile Protestant Countries," replied' Father Douay, tartly. ' " And, " said Father Murphy, with a sardonic smile, "in this laud there is yet civil law." " Surejy," said the sepulchral voice of Mother Ignatia, who had not before spoken, "there is not one of us who will not dare any conse quences to obey the holy Church ?" "There are no consequences to be dared," said Father Murphy. "We can win a lawsuit if we have to sustain one. Have you never heard of supreme judges promising their interest to the Church as the price of their election ? I have." And he opened his mouth wide for a noiseless laugh that shook his sides. "If," said Madame Robart, "we are all determined that this thing shall be there re mains only for us to discuss the 'how.' To he continued. . , ! : 