Letters and Papers Astray. Whenever a hewspnpor or lettor goos astray tlio souder is < furious in his dcuunuintions of the post ollioo nuthoritios. It is probable, how ovor, judging from the twouty-sooond report of tho l'astmustor-Geiioral in Loudon, thnt. in most Distances lit loast, the souder aud not tha post office authorities lire tho delinquents. From tho report that in question it appears that— " Upwards of 25,500 lottors were posted with out any address ; of which number ilG4- con tained iu tho aggregate nonrly. £500 in oasli and bnuk notoB, and nbnriy £0,000 in ohc- qucs, Are. " Noarly Gu,000 postngo stamps were found looso in tlio different post offices. - " Miso'ellancous articles numbering. 13,0-18 reached tho lloturnod Letter Oflieo wholly des titute o£ oovera. Iu n large number ;of theso oasos tho covers wore of too ilimsy a nature to resist tho attrition to whioh pnokots are uu- ' avoidably subjeotod in thc;iiinil bags. " Tho Post Office whilo fulfilling itsfirstduty to tho public by affording means for tbo rapid transmission of oorrospondsnco, is also mudo -tbo vchiolo of oonvoynnoo for small arlielos of almost ondloss varioty : of tlioso the following- woro obscrvod pnssiag through tho post during , tho yoar, viz., silkworm and gcntlos; flow ere fruit, ' und vogetablos ; various kiuds of ifamo! woitring apparel ; models of .iuotul fitliuj/"„ uuil toys ; looohos, Bimils, oggs, six whito 'mice, a ; sparrow, two snakos, a crawfish, mid. a dog. Sovorul of thoso being prohibited urti olcs werii sont to tho Returned Lottor Ollico. "Tho dog wus postod lit tho Loiul,ard-strcot Ollioo, and, having fallen into tlio bag affixed to the letter box, was not discovered until tbo oontouts woro turned out of St.. " jlLurtinVlc- Grand. "Tho failure of lottors to roach tho porsous for whom thoy aro intended iy not alwnya attributublo to thu Poat Ottf.ooi " An unregistered lottor was rooontly re- ooivoil at Liverpool in u vory tliiu oovcr boar- ing au uluiost illogiblo address, and was deli vered to a firm to whom it was supposod to bo directed. On bei.'ug opouod, tbo lottor and its enolosuros, iivo £100 notes, wore found to bo lutouded for uuothor firm, to whioh thoy woro ovontuully dulivorod.' " Tlio following is a copy of tlio address of a lottor which also reuoheil Liverpool, tlio names of persons and plnoos boing horo omittod :— I' This letter is for Mrs. M . Sho lives ' iu somo part -of Livorpool. From horfu'ther , John a tailor from — ; ; J ,,,. would bo .thankful to somu Postmastoc)Jf!))> Livorpool if 'ho would find hor out.' The addresses, unfortunatoly, oould not bo. found, - nnd tho lottor wus sout to tho lloturnod Letter Otlioo. "It linppans not unfrcquontly that ooinplnints are mudo of tlio faiinro butli of lottors nud tola- grams, wlnoli; nftpr enquiry hns thkou plaoo, uro found iu tho wiisto-puper baskots or pookots of tbo addrossuos. \ " Suporstition rarply rtands in the way of tlio oxtouBionof postal uoetpimodation or convo- iiiouao ; but u caso of tliokiml rccoutly ooourrcd . in tlio west of Irolund. Application was inado for tho oroutiou .of n Mill lottor.box, nnd authority had boon graiitq for sotting it up ; but whon arrangomonts 01V10 to bo inado (or providing for tlio oollootiuiof lottors, no ono oould bofouudto undortali tiro duty, in oon- scquonoo of a gonoral bolioriniong tho poorer pooplo in tho noighborhoad bat, ut thut par tioular spot, 'a ghost wont out nightly on pnmdo.' Tho ghost wus staid to bo u largo, whito turkoy without u houd.'V 