THE HTJD&SE; ELECTION. There are but two candidates in the field for the representation of Mudgee, and we don't think that our readers in that electorate can be much perplexed as to the candidate whom they should choose. The choice lies between a local gentleman of high character, thoroughly acquainted with the wants of the district, and holding, moreover, on the public questions of the day, liberal and intelligent views, and a gentleman who, if he has heretofore made himself known to the electors of Mudgee, has done so only by his eccentricities. Mr, Pigott, undeterred by the fate of the Kiama Ghost and other similar creations of colonial bigotry, tried some time ago on a public platform to transform himself into a Mr. Whalley, and on that occasion, as a recognized mouthpiece of the League, used language which firstly in its own wild extravagance, and secondly as a target ior the shafts of Mr. Dalley, possessed a double claim to the public notice and public ridicule which it so abundantly received. We ought to feel thankful to Mr. Dalley, not for having shown us how intolerant Mr. Pigott is (for even intole rance can sometimes appear respectable), but for having shown us what a fool he is. Mr. Dalley did not try to make us vexed with such a man (be meant to pay him no such compliment) he only meant to make us laugh at him, and the success with which he did so is not the least pleasing of the triumphs of Mr. Dalley's wit. The sport made of Dr. Johnson's resuscitated ' attorney' is such as the city of Sydney, and possibly the whole colony, has not en joyed for a long time. Well, this gentleman, who, on the occasion we speak of, brought down upon his unfortunate head such a flood of ridicule, and before the laugh which he raised against himself had scarcely died away, has the impudence to appear in a character which it is the usual privilege of men. of sense at least to assume, viz } as a candidate for Parlia mentary honours. Now wo ask not merely those who are in a more special manner our clients — but we ask any person who respects himself, can he vote for any man who is not merely intolerant, but who is so destitute of judgment as to , think that when he is indulging in the antics of a harlequin he is acting a grave and impressive part. The doc trines of the League, bad as they are, art1 capable, we should have thought, of being explained and defended decently at least, if not with dignity — but when in the mouth, of a man liko Mr. Pigott they get mixed up with such follies as ' Jesuitism,' 'priestly intolerance,' and so on the public cannot blame us if we suspect that through these doctrines, as well as through other means, bigotry and intolerance are trying to do their wretched work in. this colony. We understand the electors of Mudgee have been appealed to on behalf of Mr. Pigott by a gentleman who justly enjoys a good deal of influence in this colony. Mr. M'Elhone's zeal and honesty as a public man, his incessant devotion to the rights and interests of a large class, and th.3 authority which in consequence he enjoya with that class make us regret that he has thought fit to commend Mr. Pigott. He wishes to merge the certain issue put to the electors by tho League, all-important as that issue is, in an issue of less importance which has not been actually raised. The rights of free- selectors are not the matter in dispute in this election, but rights of greater consequence are, viz., the rights of parents in relation to their children and their children's education, and it is in reference to those rights, and those only, that we would ask the electors to vote in this contest. Mr. Pigott is not only objectionable on political grounds, but equally so on personal grounds. He not only holds vicious views upon a great question, but also in expounding those views he has thought proper to use the language of a bigot, and to give insults of that kind which rankle most in the mind, and which we are sorry to see Mr. M'Elhone or anybody else asking the electors of Mudgee to overlook. 