Telegraphic. I Clermont. [FBOM COB OWN COnttESPONDENT.] \- -Januarv IS THE annual meeting of the Peak Downs Ho3. pital, which waa held last night, was largely at tended. The report of the. committee shows that the institution ia in a flourishing condition and that the sum of £1800 Btands to the credit of the building fund, and £6S3 to the credit of the eipeuditure for general purposee. The following gentlemen avere elected as offi cers for the ensuing year :-President, Mr Ernest Paterson ; vice-president, Jlr. Harry H. Thompson ; surgeon, Dr. Candiottis ; and secretary, Mr. J. W. Wilkie. Townsville. (By courtesy of the Commissioner of Police.) January 12. The gold escort Í3 starting, with £500 in note, and £300 in silver for Ravenswood, and £5000 in noteä and £416 ingold and silver coin, for Millchester. Fever ia very prevalent. Cooktown. Via CARDWELL. (By courtesy of the Commissioner of Police.) January 12. Senior-sergeant Devine and four native troopers have been despatched to Byerstown new rush, which is thirty miles from that town- ship. The rush is reported good, and there are two hundred miners on the ground. Inspector Clohesy, Sub-inspector Moore, and four constables are ill from fever. Cooktown is a gigantic hospital, hardly a house without one or two sick persons. The wet season has fairly commenced. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] January 13. A general feeling of disappointment prevails at the small number of nominations for the A.J.C. Gold Cup. Messrs. Scott, Henderson, and Co. have re- ceived telegraphic advices, stating that the steamship Brisbane, which stranded on Angelica shoal, will arrive at Singapore on Saturday next, and that the company's steamship Normanby, with the mails from England, via Brindisi, to the date of December 10, left Singapore for Brisbane yesterday afternoon at five o'clock, con- tract date. The Pacific Steam Co.'s chartered steamer Mikado left early this morning. Chevalier Blon- dín was a passenger for Auckland, The trotting stallion Union, imported by Mr, Lamb from America, is dead, not having re- covered from the effects of the voyage. In the Legislative Assembly, the debate on Mr. Parkes' vote of censure on the Government is still proceeding, but a division will probably bo takeu to- night. The Government, apparently, have a large majority. The Government are in receipt of telegraphic advices from London stating that the new loan has been floated at £92 17s. 6d. The bell recently purchased for the Town Hall Tower, will give the alarm in cases of fire, and indicate the locality. A colored seaman, of the ship Cross Hill, from Liverpool, has been committed for trial, charged with stabbing the second mate on the voyage. A verdict of wilful murder has been returned at the inquest on the body of David Mateson, killed by his fellow-seaman. A vessel has arrived from the Mauritius with 325 tons of sugar. The City of Adelaide, s., from Melbourne, with the Suez »ails, arrived to- night at eleven o'clock. melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] January 13. The Opposition last night continued their tactics of obstruction to the progress of public business in the Legislative Assembly, repeatedly moving the adjournment of the House. Several stormy scenes occurred during the evening, and the galleries wero cleared. At a fire last night at the establishment of Messrs. Evans Brothers, stationers, Collins street west, all the back portions of the premises were gutted, and a large amount of property destroyed. The buildings and stock are insured for £6000. A disastrous fire broke out early this morning at the Horsham Hotel. It commenced in the main building, and ultimately reached the stables, eight horses being burnt. The fire soon spread to tho avhole block of the premises, and considerable loss of property followed. The scenes in the Legislative Assembly last night, after the galleries were cleared of strangers, are described as most discreditable. Mr. Ireland, the barrister, being on the eve of departure for England, funds for the presenta- tion of a testimonial are being raised for him. Later. No progress in the business of the Legislative Assembly was made this evening, the members of the Opposition taking advantage of every opportunity to talk against time. Supply will be moa-ed on Tuesday nest, when the Opposition intend to make another effort to bring about a dissolution of Parliament. Messrs. R. Gibson and Co. report that the market for fat cattle shows a decline of 10s. per head. They effected the sale of 200 head for different owners. 19,000 sheep offered for salei the market showing no alteration in prices. Of pure stock, they sold on Friday last, for Messrs. Robertson Brothers, Colac, their third annual draft of pure cattle, comprising 293 head, and the sale was a grand success ; the stud Durham bulls averaged £703, and the stud Durham heifers £670, including Roan Duchess, a twenty sis mouths' old heifer, at 2200 guineas, to Mr. Samuel Gardner. This is the highest price ever obtained in the world for a heifer. 159 Durhams averaged £155, and 131 Herefords £46 The total proceeds of the sale amounted to £30,800. Adelaide. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] January 13. A man named Hare shot himself to-day. His son is Resident Magistrate at King Georges Sound, and he was brother to the Rev. Francis Hare, and a nephew of the late Professor Maurice. THE dead body of a man was found on the bank of the river near Mr. Spode's farm, at In- dooroopilly, by Mrs. Glennie, resident in that district, yesterday. It appears to be that of a laboring man, dressed in moleskin trousers, crimean shirt, with red stripes, and elastic side boots. No one answering this description is known to be missing in that locality, and at pre- sent there is no clue as to who the man was, but a constable was despatched to bring the body to the morgue, where it now lies for identification. UP to the time of our going to press this morn ing, no intelligence respecting Mr Blakeney, late Judge of the Western District Court, had, we regret to say, reached his friends or the police The sewell foi him was diligently prosecutcd sttrdw m v>""»3 dircctnns, aud as Mr nuken«} s walking stick »vos fouud on the river bank. It was feared that he might have fallen in and been drowned. The river was, therefore, dnpged m scvcril pi.coi, but without lesult A, Sir Blnkeno» his been absent from hi» home , lee A\ edncsdij morning and »vas not in health to travel fu, tho wor»t ft. ira aro entertained b» his friends itspectm¿ Ins fite A cisn of official liiconsideritenoss in the tieatnient o£ a lunatic on the way to Woogaroo Wis n-coutl» brought under our notice A funale lunatic w is taken by steamboat fiom Brisbane to the »vharf at "Woogaroo tho other iu chnrge of a police constable m umfoim On arming at the »»hurt she »vas sent ashore with the constible, who had considerablo dim tulty m getting uer to accompany him The asylum is some distance from the wharf, and as fir as could be seen from the steamer, the con itible «as uudei the painful necessity of half «lnggmg M"1 kJ£ pushing the unfoi túnate v, oman the « hole distance Had thora been one i two fern ile \» irders to meet hei on landing it would no doubt ha»e lcseued her feai, and at anyrate would havo Bhowu far more consideia tion for the painful cnciimstiinces in »vhich he was ilactd J \Tiaii M'Dovouoii, of Warwick, is about to translated to anothci sphere of operations the usi Uuts of the to»vn seem to think that ho has done his duty, and ha» e resolved to make lum auaie of it tlnough the medium of a pin e f soveieigns and a piece of parchment ISOMIMTIONS of nitepiijeis eligible to serve m the Mumal al Council, in the placo of 1 nomos Seaman, «holms resigned hiB position as lepre (tentative of the Kan0nroo Point M aid, aio to be leccivcd up to the 25th instant As some doubt api tars to eust as to »\li it actually constitutes a iotui¡, qualification it municipal elections, it may lie u eful to state that the loila which will bo tiken as tho basis this year are tho«e «Inch «ero compiled last November The lists «ero then undo up from tho pievious municipal ssses=uient, which is necessarily the ont u[on «hich the present jems elections must bo couducted, as the assessment no« beiug taken «ill not be completo until tho an nuil (.lections aie o»er the lists rando up last November «ere advertised for some time as available foi inspection, and correction if uece* sary The twelfth section of the Municipal Institutions Act pi ovides that everyone shall be deeuud okctois of tho municipality »»ho is of tho ago of t«entj one or over, and " »\ho, at the time oi claiming to » oto, is named in any mum cipal list as liable, whether as occupier, tenant landlord or proprietor, to any municipal rate in respect of any property in the municipality-or, if the municipality ho divided into ward, in the ward or wards-in which he claims to vote , no part of which rate shall, at the time of nomination, be due and in arrear." So that anyone whose name is not on the rolls made up in November last, or who, even if his name be on such roll, does not by the day of nomination pay up all rates due by him up to the end of last year, will not be entitled to vote at the ensuing elections THE emigrant ship St James, 1200 tons, Cap tain Rowe, which, left Glasgow for Brisbane on Oc tober arrived off Cape Moreton yesterday morn ing and reported all well. At the time of her depar ture, she had on board, as emigrants, 413 souls equal to 370½ statute adults,-under the charge of Dr J R Joseph, surgeon superintendent, and Mrs. Ware, matron. The nationalities repre sented are as follow -86 English ; 142, bcotch 173, Irish, and 8 from other countries , of these 51 are married men and 54 married women 152 single men, 81 single women, 37 male and 28 female children, and ten infants. The occupations under which they have emi grated are - Female domestic servants, 70 farm laborers 105 ; shepherd, 1; brass founders, 2 general laborers, 4 ; tinsmith, 1 ; miners, 4 ; engineers and fitters, 8 ; blacksmiths, 6 me chanicss 7 engine drivers, 2 ; shoemakers, 3 ; carpenters and joiners, 7 ; tailors, 4 ; and 12 others. There are 12 second cabin passengers, 14 steerage, 141 assisted, 219 free, and 27 re mittance. A si LCUL general meeting of the bhareholdors of the Lady Normanby Tin Mining Company «ill be held at the office of the liquidator (Mr Henry J Oxley) Elizabeth street, at 4pm to I'J Hie business of the meeting will bo -To n» der the advisability of cilling up the un I ai I equal-ic, 5s per shaio on each of the ontt touting Fhnres , to give tho hqmdator ioiur to compiomise undei clause 150 of Com ian Act 1S63 , to decide how and in what mai uer the as ets should be distubuted , to fix imoimt of remuneration to tho liquidator It 'I I (. ra that the late hpudator of this company « »advised bj counsel that the balance of the ?«i! cnbtd cai it.il of this compnnj (somo £400) ii 1 not be di tnbuted until the »vhole of the 'I it 1 « w subscribed If thus simple process be carne I out it « ill reiult in ev ery contributing *!nreb Mer being compelled to poy up five uilmio per share foith« lth to he divided «pal!} letween the holdeis of promoters and ntnl itors «hare» A3 these are about equallj hu hd the process will be about equal to paying lue shillings for half a crown This considera t » «ill lerhnps induce a full attendance of ?Oiirdioklers at Mi 0\lej s oflice this after won A¡< adjJiirned special general meeting of the Hibernian Benefit Society is announced to bo IwM t the Synod Hill, this e»»nmg, at half I oat se» en 0 clock VMLCTING of theUtemtercolouial cneketmatch ominittee is called foi eight o elock to nifcht, it the Sovereign Hotel, andas the business will ?Hi»tof wmdiug up the aiiangements of the '«match, it is most impoitant to have a full 1 leetuiL, <"< the forthcoming cucket match, to be com "««ceI "t the Queens Paik on Satuiday, ieUcen the Albert and Stanley clubs, the it Club will be represented bj Messrs M J pillia 1 D Dickson, G Lauslej, D Geddes, W ^edle, J Egan, J Gaul, Birtensbaw, \Y Cox "lis and J Mukahj.wvthW Stieet,Hamu' *>"i J Geddes, and W Bulcock as emergency »en-so many emergency men being chosen ecau«e it is uncertain whether some of them «Hi e ab'e to be present The aboie plajers >"> requested to bo on the ground for practice tim afternoon A THICKET match has been arnnged to be H-" ed upon the H nunton ground, on Saturday « ct«cen eleven of the Quinlan C C and a Har " Itubcr of the Sha« Club, commencing » oo 1ULL The Quinlan team will consist le Gi a», J A Q "ulan, A & Wallace, ,h , ' J A,tkl"' J ]3e^y. loster, W "oh" y, Gaston, Cahil, and Small A PARADE of No 1 Battery, Q V A, took place last evening There was a very good mus ter, the officers present being Captain Geaiy and Lieutenant Webb After going through tho usual preliminary drill at the parade ground, in George street, the company, headed by their band (consisting of the members of the Hiber min Band, who have been swoin m as members of this batteiy\ marched through some ot the streets of the city, leturmug to tho drill roora about half paatume o clock This hattet y, which has latterly cou iderably mci eased in force, now has drill regulaily twice a week, and tho steady and soldierly iuo\ eineuts of the men as hilo ou parado show that they haa e attended to their duties with assiduity The battery is also to be congi atulated on po se3Siug the finest brass baud in Brisbane-a by no means unimportaut ad juliet to a company of this kind TUE régulai monthly meeting of the Hiram Lodge of rieemaaou», 2S0 (IC), was held on ^edue day evening last Tho ceremony avas conducted by Pi-t Mister M'Whmuej lko following officeiswere installed - W11, Josinh Young , S W , James Muir , J W , O T C Laug , treasurer, J Chapman , sccietarj, J V Buckland AT tho Citj Police Couit yosteiday, befoie r Raw hu«, Esq, Pohee Mngiatiato, two liiehiintes weie cautioned and dischaiged, aud Johu M Tee and Charles Jewell weie each fined 20s , 01 foity eight hours in the lock up, foi bomg di uuk in Queen street-Jaques Martin, tin. supposed ci minmi escapee fiom Now Caledonia, a\ as again bl ought upon leuiaud Mi Cooper appealed on behalf of E B Foi rest, tho Pi euch Consul, to avatch the pioceeduigs, and pioduced a do Bcuption recently íeceived from the Fieuoh authouties in Sydney, of tho leal ci munal who had escaped This did not in an) paitieulai agiee with the mau at the lock up, but the Police Mngiatiate granted n fuithei remand until Monday ue\t, to allow of f urthor euquu íes bein¿ made nbout tho pnsonei The Jaques Mai tin lequired bv the Trench authorities auls mulei a sentence ot tw entj j cars transpoi tatton foi burglary and homicide, m compuvy avith othei *, mid is described n3 having chestnut h iir and e\ ebrow s, l ound f orohend, gi ay ey es, and auburn beard, oval faco, mid coloied completion, w ith a sear on the left templo and foi ohead, on the 1 lght arm, hand, and thumb, aud on loft aim, bieast and back THE Right lle\ Dr Hule, tho newly elected Bi-diop of Biisbaue, paid his fust visit to Too \aoomba on Tuesday (says The Chronicle) The light lev gentleman arrived by special tram 011 Monday afternoon, aud a\os tho guest of the Hou T T Giegoiy, of Hailnxton On Tuesday afternoon, aceoidmg to preconocí ted ai range meuts, the children attondiug St Luke s Pi 1 mai y and Sunday schools assembled m the Primary School, m Ruthven street, and, headed by a jua eulie chum aud ùfe band, and with bin lieio and lings, mai ched 111 pioeession, nccom panied by the teachers, to St Junes Chinch Ou- their arm al at the church, the usual " clul di en s service w as gone through The childi en sang three hymns veiy effecti\ely, accompanied on the harmonium by Mi Cox At tho end of the =er\iec, an addiess on behalf of the teiclieis of the day and Sunday schools was reid by Mr C05 His LouUhip, 111 replj, commented ear ne-itly on the £,ood a\ork dono hy teichusnnd Sunday schools, aud advised all persom to show mole zeal for the S|)iritunl well being of childi en, especially as religious instruction as f ir as pri m 11 j schools w el 0 concerned, w is now a thing of the past ïhîuiking on"o moro the man j kimi fi lends who had welcomed lum to Queensland 111 geneial, and to Toowoomba in pu tumbar, His Loidship closed the proceedings by pionouuciug the benediction THE Right Rei Dr Hale, in replying to an acidices from the Parochinl Council of loo a\oouiba, said -' The Paiochul Council, in then address, alluded to tho wealth of the dis ti let, and the scanty provision that a\ as ruado foi the spnitual wants of the outlying distncts It was then desire to make society wli it it ought tobe, and tho only way of fullilhng thit wish was by still tug to become n G id fearing people AVhat a a\aste of strength of mind and body wns appaieutin the colony! How plain a\as tha lent in the spnitual condition of the people! Society at pie*ent endeaaoiod to conceal its con ditton bj the introduction of ussoci itions con nected with temperance, total abstinence, and kuiili ed societies , but good and useful as they a\eie found, they only served to pateh up and coi er the lent that appeared 111 tho rnoi al status ot «oeiety In the foimation and conduct of these associations there w as a wasto of strength of unnd, and as he (His Lordship) had statodtliat moilun^ it was their duty and calling to wake up the rising generation to enable them to stop that wasto ' Tun Goondiwandi correspondent of tho D D Oa ettc siys, under date Jauuaiy 10 -About the 1 ittei end of last month n jouiig mau named 1 boinas Phelan, who aim ed in the colony about tw o and a half years ago, went to b \tho in the Vven Huei at the Welltown head station He was found drowned The pasturo lands aie 1111 proMiig 111 appeal ance 'two fine stoi ins f eil on tin» nights of the 4th and 5th instant Heat in ten=e dining the day, avith close nights Uho weathei to nil appearance is broken Another btoitn is now threatening During the week the M'lutjrc Riler roso about 4 feet It 13 now falling THE great buildings which nro to shelter samplcB of the w orld s industries aro fust taking shape ill laiiinount Park, sajs an exchange The frame of the maiu building is 111 position The g1 iss Li being put in and the flojr laid A clev er scheme for gi\ mg a eluo to the location of each exhibitor has been adopted The iron columns w Inch supported the roof of the great stiucture are to be numbered length« lse and let teied cios^wise, so that every exhibitor will bo m the neighboihood of Al or DI, or some similai combination of letter und fi0uic 'Hie ni t hall is finished with the exception of the iron dome, and that is now being put 111 placo lho machinery hall is practically liiiiHhed the memo rial hall 13 nearly so T he four mam bu llding*, it is evident, will be ready in plenty of time-too soon, in faet, for the very dil itoiy American ex hibitore, but not for their foreign rn ii , who are alieady beginning to gather at Philadelphia The ai hole of the main building has been allotted to diQcient nationalities, though the sp lee li is not jet been fully subdiiided among indi a lduuls, especially 111 the fourth resei 1 ed for this countiy Great Britain, 1 ranee, and Germany occupy the other three fourth«, or rather the part of each nearest the centre Thi3 secures a gioup composed of the four gi eat nations of Christendom Canada, Australia, Scandinavia, and the few individual exhibitors of Russia occupy the lest of tho British quarter Swit /erland, Belgium, and the South American States aro placed w ith France Germany shares hoi fourth w ith Austria, Holland, Spain, Portugal, and Asia The only nations nlnoh have de chned the inv itation to participate lu the Bhow aie Russia, Greece, and Italy, but subjects of all tin ee liai e applied for space The most com- pleto exhibition vi ill probably be that of German pioducts The new Teutouie Emriire will Bhow its best side Tub sojourners in the Australian sanatorium, Tasmania, havo been enjoying some aery decided weather during the last Christmas holidays The Launceston correspondent of the Melbourne Herald writes, under date December 31 -The weather has been playing "Old Harry ' with the mo«t festiv e season of the year The rain has been pouring donn in torrents, flooding the roads, and sweeping away portions of the main lino of rail Mail coaches hav e been stuck up by the water , the iron horse has been arrested m his progress , open drains and creeks in some of the sloping thoroughfares baa e been swollen to an unprecedented extent, cellars hav e been inundated , and the rushing torrent has carried resistlessly everything before it Many places have presented a flooded appearauce such as has nerer been witnessed by the oldest inhabi- tants of the colony Euibuiknients have been swept away , rails and sleepers have been sus- pended in position, while m others the rails have been bent and curved far out of tlieir bed The ramfall at Hobart Town from Sunday to Tues- day was 2 50 inches, the aierage in December for tho thirty years being 1 81 inches The w eather is now abating, but is far fi oin wearing a settled appear ince Can any of our men of loie account for these extraordinary atmospheric perturbations ? Tim composition of tho Legislativo Assembly bids fair to undergo considerable alteration before tho reassembling of the collective w lsdom of tho eountry Seats are vacant, 01 soon to bo vacated in all directions Carnarvon is being wooed, and will ere long be avon-but Cooktown, Gympie, and Clermont, are without iwpiranU for the fuor of their "sweet voices ' Are v\o compassing a paradise of politics lit whieh there shill be no party watfaiet, mid uo c1131 polities ! Are the " lus' and tho " outs of tho futuro to change pi lees without invoking the genius of tho "Gieat Liberal Tirtj ? Is the ghost of the coiuiorunt squatter nevei moie to devour tho pati inionj of tho " l'oor Man ? ' and is the li inlj pioneer, the eouqiieror of tho trackless w i«te novel ngam to bo made the victim of repudiation aud confiscation It is almost too good to be true, but in the present torpid condition of tho body politic it seems as though these old fashioned and rustj w eapons, that hav o been brandished in so many hard fought holds, hav o fallen mto disuse and boon c ist aside Most devoutly w o hope it is so, aud, after all, those who wielded these soirj avoapous vvero but too often "uieu m buckiaui"-nn posters, w orthloss spouters of Btale fustian Let them stand asido uid make way, foi " good men and true' will asseit thoir li-lit to son o their adopted lund m the mteiosfc of all, mespeetivo of class, creed, or couutry \\\ hero aro they 1 Let them como on I-"Specialities lu 2he Queenslander TILE assurance fiom Commodoie Hoskins that the entranco to Poit Phillip nt the Heads is " ndiiiu ably ' suited foi defence i specially with toiptdoes, is comfoitiug (sais lite Lcado) Tho piospect of n visit, lljing squudiou fishion, into Hobson s Baj mil lovjing black mull on the city is i educed to i v mishmg point A doublo lino of toipedoes is lccouiuiondcd, the outei lmo being left to take caio of itself, hut tho lunei 'mo to be protected bj ships, tho Ceiboius mid tho Nelson being estimated na quito sufheiont for that pait of tho business Tho lecouimondntious appear to ho sound, and, foi tuuately, tho adoption of thom avili not entail any very oioMvholunug evpense It is agreed that some addition to the batteiy powei at tho Heads is leqiuicd , tho only question lies between tho adoption of a fixed or lloitiug batteiy, und, tho commodoie unhesitatinglv, declares Ins pieforouco foi tho floating dcscuptiou, ono giouud of pre ferenco being that n li\ed batteij on the best site available-the Pope's Eyo bank-would sei ve for guid mee into tho uuv ignblo channels up the bnj, whilo a Hoiting batteiy would give no such indication No estimato of tho cost of a floatiug battoij was asked for or given, but it would be safe to conclude that it would not o\ ceed gi eatlj, if at all, tbo cost of a h\cd battei y Hie entile structuio would, of com se, have to be made heie, and, thanks to a piotoctivo polfcj, wo possess eugiueeiiug talent and cngineeiiiig cstiblishnicuts in every woy capable of iloiug on tho spot, and doing it VVLII, all that can be requit ed COIIVILNTINU on the propo ii to institute juve uilo sav nigs t inks, tho Jtmaiu Ila aid say s - Wo do not bollol o that tho uutliriftniess of the colonists ai ises out of the w nut of eui j ti arning in economy, nor mo wo at all satisfied that such ti mung as the pamphlet beforo us adi ocates would not do moro hat m than good Pocket money is not given to childi en th it they mij hav L something to sav e, but that they muy hav o sojiethuig to spend , anil it would, vic think, bo a dangei ous expel luient to tcaeh them sj sterna ticallj to j ut then peumos into n bank matead of giatifjmg what, aftoi all, uo veiyniituiil and b ii uiless impulses Wo hav e no sympathy with that kind of infantile v n tue w Inch despises totleo and has no nlleetiou foi allej taw s Wo would much lathei see ahoy spend his "tips rojallj in jam tails, and givo half of them awaj, than sneak to his uiastei and got patted on the head for ii» esting ni the savings bank Tin ough out the w hole of this pamphlet tho wnteis LO entuely on tho assumption that tin if t is thu highest of all virtues, mid almost entuely ovei look what is novoitheless an obvious fact, that the love of money unduly eiicouinged pioduees many of the basest vices Thej do not seem to seo how hard it is for a child to di aw tho line between carofillness mid stinginess oi how easy it is foi economy to eugendei avance, cuieltj, mid dishoucstj Wo ti ust that those who hav o charge of oin nation ii education will uot full mto the lmslako of teaching prudence by mere meiceuaiy channels, but will ann at achieving the same i esults bj inculcating self i espect, and the observ nne'e of a high standard of honor TVic Melbourne Argus gives tho following account of an important sale of thoi oughbred boises at the Pasloial Hotel, rionungtou, undei the management of Mr W C \iulle Amongst the horses disposed of was ProtoMaitjr, who ian well in the Champion liace on Satindaj Ho is a li mdsouiu chestnut hotse by St Alb ins, out of Lnuia, the dam of Luimos, 11 mlcin, and Petiaich He peifoimcd well in Lughmd, whcie he won the Nuinery Plito at hpsoiu, the Bout wich Momoilal Stakes at Goodwood, the Biighton Stakes, and the Lew es Handicap In the Mauri tuis he won soveial races, aud his peífoi manees on the Austiahau turf stamp him as a high class animal Ho fetched 1000 guineas, the highest pi ice of the daj, the puichasci being Mi H Dvans Another valuable meei was Mn d of Avonel, who has pioved het quality on sei end occasions at 1 Jem ingtou and Randwick She was bred by Dr 13 ithe, aud is bj Stockham, out of Mai y Aven 1 She WHS puichased by Mr Matlliovv Dijant, for 550 guineas Sei eral other v nluablc broud mai es were »old on account of Di 13ithe, including Conceit, with jeaihng hy Demonstiatoi, 2J0 guineas , Birdswing 145 guineas , and Pride, bj Abd c1 Kadci, out of Conceit, 230 guineas Of Mr H N Simson s lot, Aroma, by 1 lying Dutchman, out of Al logante, fetched the highest puce, 480 guineas, hei purebaT being the lion Thomas Hldci, of South Aus tralla Of the two year olds sold on account of Mr Henry Phillips, a blown colt by Panic, out of Phillis, was the most v aluable He was a handsome animal, and was knocked down to Mi L Jellctt for 380 guineas Tho bid din^s stopped at 280 iruincas and Mr Jellett was declared tho purchaser at that price, hut auothei gentleman who also bid that amount put m his claim, aud it was decided to put the hoi se up again The result was that another hundred guineas was added to its price Hie colt is engaged m tho V H C Derby und St Leger, and will doubtless be heard of ayun The celebrated mare Calumnj was purchased by Mr S Gardmei for 500 guineas, and Saunterei, by Maribyrnong out of Miss Mngus, purchased by Mr J Cochrane, of Riverina, fetched 370 guineas The imported Arabs, Sultan and Ty poo, vvero sold for 150 guineas and 270 guineas respectively, and both go to Riverina 'Iho mare Coquottc, w hich avon the All Age Stakes at Wagga \\\ aggn, and the Albury Cup and Handi cap, was put up, but did not fetch her price, and was passed in The horses ollercd on account of Mr William Brown and on account of Mr M S Cox, weie aLso passed m IVIEIICOLOVI IL frece trade appears a proba bihtj at last (says the Hobart Town correspon dent of the Melbourne Argus) Ihero l8 little, I behev e, to add to what tar James M'Culloch said in repljmg on the budget debato Acor n-spoudence between the Government of Vic toria and that of Tasmania is understood to have show n great anxiety on both sides to arrive at a satisfactory arrangement Wlieio there is so much room for discussion on matters of detail, there must of necessity bo considerable delny, but I believe I am not iar wrong in Baying that in the lists respectively submitted of articles tho growth and manufacture of either colony to be admitted into the other free of duty and w harf age charges, there are less than half a do?en items remaining in dispute The loss to the revenue of Tasmania will be greater than in the case of Victoria. Our total is so much smaller than the Treasurer of Victoria has to deal with, that a small sum is a consideration to us , but as it is generally felt that the loss to the rev ernie will be a great boon to the trading interests of the colony, direct taxation to make up any falling off m the Customs, will be cheeifully put up with One boon to Tasmania which exporters calculate on as the result of intercolonial free trade is the rehabilitation of our good name as producers and manufacturers, which the TasmamauB say has been seriously damaged by spurious articles palmed by Victorians on the Victorian public as Tasmanian produce I know not what Victorian traders may say to this charge, but it is certainly founded on a very general conviction on the part of Tasmanian». 