THE DAWN OF DAY. The Papists . in Sydney, led on by the- i Popish journal called Freeman, are in high expectation that the " long night of . their bo'ndaee" is about over. " It is Hard t(> understand what such language can mean unless that their Popery has about ex hausted itself— the only bondage which really afflicts them. Biit'it does not mean this. Papists are as yet quite reconciled to their chains; - - They love the) flesh pofca of : Egypt, and 8ay-toA)ny. "Moses" who would lead them out froin the " House of Bondage,"! " who made thee a ruler or a judge over usT . The' time for, the "going ' ctot Jiius' not yet1 cohmr; s Tho'-FopO'-aiiid4 ids. legions .must yethaye; powerifonly tfor half 'an hour .;" ' but the final, struggle will b6 a fearful one; witbblood, something, /lite, what is now, looming ' in the distance, \- when the crash of . nations shall shake the world. . . v. . What, then, is the Papist meaning of "those grandiloquent words — "the- long .night of bondage is about over,?" Why, who would believe it? , they -mean that the 'days of: England's hold of Ireland are -about accomplished, when the poor Irish will get . " Home Rule, and hold their '"Parliament;- on. College Green, Dublin!" The dawn' of" day indeed!... Poor people, "their bondage' is > very severe. Their -oppressions under England are much worse :tban, ever those .of the Israelites, were under .the Pharoahs. It is truly grievous i:o see them making bricks without straw. And it is enough to break the, heart of ; " the lion' of Jarlath " to think of .the cruel whippings which their taskmasters give teem ! The Red Sea must mean the lakes of Killarney;. and Pihahiroth must mean J-the Rotunda; where the Irish patriots are waiting for the word, "Go forward, ye slaves to the liberty of the College Green !" . To ignorant and superstitious find priest- led people this is the very language of the Crusades. Cunning leaders, for their own ends, talk such treason, , and . inflame the (passions of . an imaginative people. The Irish are truly bondmen ; they feel that '-they are.oppressed -and fleeced,; they see that they toil without advantage ; they are conscious of the shame ;of - a subject people; but their-cunning priests, whoare the real oppressors, have driven into the very soul of tee Irish tee notion - teat their oppressors are .the .English.; and. whereas the Irish, in order to be free, ought to . sweep', away- the priestly domination yhich -crushes' them into the dust, ' they are de luded 'into the. belief; by cthoir real masters, that their freedom .depends on Home Rule and a , Parliament on College Green ! Hence the" game that is going on. Let tee Vaughans and, the F%eemqn harp upon . .-the subjeot :jof (bondage (for .a reahbondage exists) ; -.but craftily accuse the English of ,-being the .tyrants (mid. .this, will, save the -Church) ; propose Home Rule and a Par liament, on College Green,- aS -.the grand panacea for . all Irish wrongs (this will -coyer the canker, worm of Popery which (--eats-tee life, out of tee fairest tree) ; yet reasonable men can easily see, 'that if Ire- :d- were to get '' the day " which , is longed for/ and th e " freedom " which is promised/ it would bp//tpf the deeper enslavement of the Irish than ever. , - rThe- priests have given, us the data 'on " which ; to- base such an assertion. - Run :over-'the' programmes of "all the Irish /Ajtato'rs. from the .year 1828. ' Each one promised that s Ireland was about to be turned into a, Parage. Each one Baud, Only grant this ; only concede that ; and the liish will become, the njost contented . and loyal people under the British sceptre, and Ireland will be the brightest diamond .in the British Crown . Give us Catholic emancipation so that we may send our best men to the Parliament in England to, irepreBeht us and assent fpr us to the laws which are; constitutionally passed, and we shall be the. strongest support to the British, rule." Well, they got, emancipa tion, and what was the result ? peace ? loyalty ? a thrifty and contented people? Quite the contrary: immediately the priests set to work to agitate on some new iground of grievance, and- again the cry was as loud as ever, " oppression from the English ;" " long night of bondage." .Notlohg ago all the complaints of Ire- \- Jand seemed to concentrate in this demand ..of the'priests, " Disestablish the Protest- ant Church and endow MaynPoth with. ..part , of .-the spoils; give us a new land law, and compel the landowners to favour their tenantry." : The old .promise was given— "This is the utmost of our wishes. Give us this, and we will reward England with our gratitude, and love. Giye us this, and we shall be loyal men. Give us this, and. our priests and people will be united as . one man to uphold the integrity of the "United Kingdom." Well, Mr. Gladstone vthonght he could become " the pacificator of Ireland." He thought that for his great work in satisfying (Ireland, and making the Irish loyal, he would be known to generations as " St. William." Accord- , ingly, :high in the. expectation of success "he ,<fid accomplish the disestablishment of the Protestant Church, and he did pass through anew .land, law; but so far was he from pacifying the agitators of irehuid, that to.day they are as loud in their accu sations of tyranny and bondage as ever, . ...and the present demand is— "Give us ; Home Rule, and an IriBh Parliament on ' College Green !" But any one can see. the /policy of all this. It is concession made v!Wt®8® ground fprfurther demands, The priests 'are like the- horse leech-all that- they ;have. sucked does, not .satisfy them. They ; are now, as . far, from t loyalty iaind- peace as they, were forty years ago. ; -Hot 'ohe cha/ge of bpndage-is even abated/ The . k night .of bondage "/is, as. dark ite.ever .' So .teat the certainty is before the, Bnglish 'nation— " Giye those. Irish agitators what, they now. demand; HPme Rule and an Irish Parliament . (wite certain Imperial; questions reserved for the English, Crown): and the next demand will be— Repeal of the Union, Ireland ' for the Irish, and a treaty with France and Spain a a the Pope's two crutches, so; as .to make: Ireland the shambles of Protestants in a civil war. . , No fear. "The 'daj" is dawning. But it is the. day for which prieBts . and agitators are not bargaining. When God is pleased, to open the eyes of the Irish, woe to the black tyrants who have so long been oppressing them. . We should like .to ask the priest of St. Mark's (Mr. Kemmis) the meaning of the word " Catholic." He.cannot,aw.ay with the ; word "Protestant." He .has no patience with the word "dissenter." Nothing will please him hut the term "Catholic;',' and, his great joy is that, he is a minister of a church, which,. is a. true branch of the "Catholic Church.'' Our question then is this :. What is the Catholic Church ? What is the meaning and application of the term " Catholic ?" Of - course he will tell us that the word. , " Protestant is not Scriptural," . and there fore it should be rejected. But the reply is, the term Catholic is not, Scrip-: tural"— is not to be-- found in the Scrip ture ; why, then, .does he not reject it also.. . But then he replies, the word ".Catholic " means ',' universal ;" and the Catholic Church means the universal church," not a "dissenting church," not a " Protestpnt church," . but the " holy Cateolic" or " universal church." , Very well ; but we want to know, " universal " in "what sense ? Is it in time or place ? If in " time "—the puzzle ' is. great to find the universal, church. It had. a beginning when Christ constituted it ; was it Catho lic or universal then ? When the " num ber of all who believed were gathered together (about. 120 souls) was it Catholic or universal teen ? If so, the notion -of Catholic or universal in place is excluded: 'But it is in the' notion of place that the Kemmlses and the Vaughans, and other apostolical successors now rejoice. They appeal to tee' fact teat the Catholic Church is in every 'land. They speak of 200 mil lion souls living in;' unity. They speak of "her" labouring in' every country and clime : but if this universality be the catholicity of the Church, it is clear that the Church could not be Catholic when she was confined to Judea ! , And, still worse for the Catholic men ;" if the Church be Catholic now, when. , she has 200 millions or more adherents, what will she be when the whole human race is con verted to her ?— more Catholic? or most Catholic? It is tee silliest piece of non sense of which old- women priests can be guilty to talk of any visible organiza tion as the " universal church." Suppose we select the Romish Church as the "Catholic Church is it universal ? It is not universal in-time ; for its date is later than the date of the Church at Jerusalem, tee Church at Corinth, the Church ' at Ephesus, and many other churches. It is not universal in place ; for in more than half the world it has no footing ; yea, it is not universal in Sydney, nor yet at Darling Point, as Mr. . Kemmis. knows ! Suppose we take the Romish Church as the root or stem, and the Church of England as a " branch ;" . and the Greek Church as another branch; -and all the Episcopal churches of the world as other, branches. . Suppose we put' all these together : are teese the universal church ? A funny universality indeed ! Why, not all these put together occupy half the world, or have within them half of tee. human race ! Yet they are pniversal ! Is any one of these branches, or the stem ; or stem and. branches together, universal in Sydney? If St. James' and St. Mary's with their satellites, such as the Sacred Heart and St. Mark's are the universal church in Sydney, what are we to say of the. thousands of people in Sydney who reject them both ? If St. James' and St.. Mary's, with their subs, are the. total church in Sydney, this is ,but to unchurch all other churches, and also to prove teat the total, Catholic, and universal church in Sydney, is so far from being total, and so non-universal, that she has/not more than about half the people in Sydney sub ject to her and within her fold ! The truth is, the whole statement, is ;ludicrous, ;and worse than.ludicrous ; it.is qjnorant and insolent. The universal, total and Catho- .-a KJ-s.i. J -vj L.i 1 UcGhurchvpfrGhrist:.!?!©-! and people of God; , whjsitever be their de nomination,' and wherever they may be: placed/- The universal chuteh is the com plete number of the saved. > ; ; The Catholic Chtrrte !is the -general assembly fof those whpsenames are., in .'the. .Lamb's Book of Iafe. , j The, , .total church is , the entire :company :of .believers. It is a company visible 'enough when all who call upon the- name of the . Lord walk worthy of their high and. holy, calling. , This is the Church which is Christ's body. This is.the .Church against which the gates of hell cannot pre vail. The Devil's Church is visible too, according to tee prophecy ; and enduring also, according to the prophecy.; but it is an apostacy, great and; wide-spreading, according tor the prophecy ; yet its spread shall cease ; . and; it shall be utterly [con sumed; with .the brightness ,of Christ's coming.-- If . the cricketers wish to hold the- re spectable position which has hitherto .been theirs in our community, they ,must do. a great deal more with the discovery which they have made than they seem willing to do.. The report that one of . them engaged in gambling betting, and then attempted to corrupt the- team which had gone down .to Victoria lest he should lose his money, is now proved to be true. . The facts have now come, out teat .one of tee Association was. thus going deep into gambling, and then trying to make his gambling profit able., by . a shameful request that the Captain of the New South Wales team .should unjustly give the Melbourneites an .adyantage, lest be should lose his bets; . nothing could be more shocking than this ; nothing. could be more unprincipled; , but when these, facts have been- proved, the Association attempts to cover the iniquity, by, .tee .-lame. excuse that , the said corrupt cricketer bad. " no intention to bribe any -of the players." "Wei hope for their own sake that a majority of the cricketers will resent this insult to their intelligence. A clearer case , of an " intention to bribe " some of tee players could not occur. "The person referred to " laid a wager that the Sydney side would" not win. in. "one innings." When the prospect of such a defeat, of tee Melbourne men' seemed in evitable, and," the person referred to" saw that his money was about to be lost, What did he do? He communicated his wish, that Mr. .Coates, tee Captain of the Sydrvpy, men, would "allow", the Mel bourne men io.get runs so as to save bis wager ; and when the Captain would do . no such teing, the same " person referred to " , complained to Mr. Coates that " lie might have obliged a friend, as be would have done the same favour for' him." If this is not bribery, or corrupt playing, and gambling dishonesty, we don't know what could be- designated by such terms. A gross stigma will remain on the Associa tion unless this conduct be punished by the expulsion of "the person referred to." If the respectable members of tee Associa tion will not vindicate themselves from complicity, and will not redeem their noble game from the reproach which has come upon them, we hope that the com munity will know how to withhold its favour from tee Association. Cricket lias hitherto been supported and honoured by the better thinking of tee people as free from the black-legging, bookmaking and corruption of horse racing ;, but here tee shocking discovery has been made that one of tee Association has been helping himself, and the Association itself has, at the last moment, shown a feebleness and cowardice in dealing - with the delinquent which will be ruinous to its own honour and reputation. Save tee noble and manly game, though it should be at the sacrifice of the best player who has proved himself unworthy of the company of "up right and Honourable men. . Our attention has been drawn to a case which calls for the express and prompt action of the Council of Education. It "appears that Mr. Johnston, one of the school inspectors of the Sydney district, has recently been favoured with a testimonial, in the shape of a purse of upwards of a hundred sovereigns, from, . some of the teachers of the schools where it is Mr. Johnston's duty to inspect. On what principle this has been done we do not know; but it is obvious that the precedent thus set is ex ceedingly. inconvenient, and may be, at tended, with consequences which may easily be foreseen. Mr. Johnston may be a very deserving inspector, and he may be worthy of aU the confidence and honor which his subordinate teachers have shown him'; but it is. easy to understand that only In- one set of circumstances could such an expression of their confidence and respect be justified. . J£ Mr. Johnston were Jepyg.:„tiie...Syaey district, or were ha "withdrawing from the: pi' 6f-'!®pei|Ebr>. ' the testimonial- would have been unexcep tionable and possibly very suitable ; . bufi . as he is remaining inspector of - the Sydney schools and has the enormous power ..of an inspector, what will be inferred if the sub scribers to the fund' get a good report frpm him> while those teachers who,, refused. to subscribe may get . a bad one ?: f The.de- moralization indeed has already begun., Mr. Johnston has been. furnished; with a list of the subscribers1 to his testimonial, ' with tee amounts. He . knows, . therefore,. his friends. Is it unnatural that he should be suspected of thehuman weakness of .loving .his..friends in ..return ?v , Is it nnatural that those teachers who have refused should have tee feeling about them, that they, are now marked down , in tee lrispec- tor's black books ? "We do not say that Mr. Johnston will be partial; we do not say that the money will be a bribe- to him; but. we do say . that the teachers pf the public schools in the Sydney district arp now ranged into two classes, and it is tee most natural thing in the world teat tee classes will regard the Inspector with the different feelings which the circumstances suggest ; and the precedent thus set is so dangerous and objectionable 1 teat -the Council should either express its opinion, or promote. Mr. . Johnston to some other; position. If ,the Goyernment insists that, its land valuators shall not accept, of .the hospitalities of the| squatters whose 'lands they are to value ; and if the country will not allow its Judges to. accept of presents from suitors or persons likely to come before them, it is clear that tee Council ought to be scrupulously jealous that its; Inspectors shall not,, accept of, mOney testimonials from the < ,teachers> full teach ers and pupil teachers, , whose work 'and capacity, and tone and skill : are to he judged Of by teem almost without appeal. There is :one point in tee lecture of Father Gerdemann, which we published last week, which calls for a little consider ation and explanation. ' What the ex- priest has seen in Philadelphia we seen in. this colony as a peculiar circumstance. ,It is this— the -Romish Church dead against public schools, denouncing them as godless sohools, threatening parents who send their children to . those schools, and re fusing the ordinances of salvation to the children who learn in those schools, and yet a large number of . Rbman men and women holding the position of teachers in those schools, and many more, both young and old,' making application to be em ployed as teachers in them. Here are two- facts quite contradictory and notorious. The same facts are remarkable in America. Priest Gerdemann saw them before him and'hiew the reason. But who shall ex plain the facts to us? There is not a. priest or bishop in Australia but who preaches from " the. altar " against: the homd and ungodly schools. Dr. Vaughan goes from Dan to Beersheba to lay tee foundation of a Romish school for the purpose of saving the young Romanists from the terrible corruption of public schools. Even the Hermit of Ermington, Mr. Heydon writes long and mysterious letters against public schools, as secular izing and perverting tee holy Cateolic children, and tee Pope himself, as the voice, of God, infallibly condemns tee public school as having tee spirit of the Devil and as breeding infidelity and com munism ; yet, in spite of all this thunder and lightning, hundreds of Romish men. and women of tee more educated and "in telligent class apply for and obtain employ ment as teachers in those very public schools, breath, tee horrid and corrupting secular atmosphere, and pocket the money of the godless and infidel system ! - There . is some policy in this, as the same facta are seen in America and Australia. .There is a part being played, or the coincidence is very strange. It comes from one of two things — either tee priests, with their anathemas, have very little power over the more educated Roman Catholics', or those educated " Catholics," in the public schools, are there as spies and traitors to serve the Church, as Jesuits, to gain power and to subvert as far as may be tbo very system which fees and feeds them. We leave our readers to choose which alternative they prefer; but we confess with Father Gerdemann teat the latter seems tee more likely. The educated Romanists do not usually rise above their denominational prejudices ; . passion takes the place of ignorance, and partizanship usually acts as superstition. Dr; Vaughan, for example, is much more educated- than Father Tim ; but Dr. Vaughan has the prestige of position, and caste which -is equally powerful wite the prejudices and superstitions of tee latter. And then, as moral dishonesty is notorious amsng the so- a— — » v. J.x.yt. ...vi tbdlefl educated Romanists, they are , the i ' -'-'4Muiy and servile-topls.' af'i$he priests, iu re- <toni for - flattery ahd coiirt ; so that they ! ; -nxG prepared to do anything Jot the service ' the Churchioio/iicfr tkey-ioiyeeverything., JTesuit molality glVes': dispensations far anon woriderfulthaii that ofi allowing a SMrorn servant of too Church: teaching in a public school. ' Jeauita have been known ' t» profess to be Protestants.. that they anight Succeed in their preaching more «8ectnally. It is baby Jesuitry, that jsworh dehominationalists should seek .and jMpept employment in public -schools. Tfrix.Rxv. Dr. McGibbon.— As several ih- r "wniriea have been- made as to the exact time of ifir.'McGibbon's departure for Europe, y?o pub lish thiV for general information : He will leave intoeS&n; Francisco Mail, on the 11th of Feb- nary. Those gentlemen who are interesting themselves with the Testimonial to be presented to himwill require to have their donations- sent an two or. three days before that time.-- Pro- . laUy next .week we. shall he ; able to state the «xact date when the committee will publicly present the amount which has been given by the Doctor's friends, Subscribers Tin the coun- -syhaving charge of lists null do. well to .take mote of ;this," that their contributions may be to . Jiandin time. 7 .. , Thk M 'Gibbon Testimonial Fund. — The , Xer. Dr. Barry begs to thankfully acknowledge the receipt of the following sums on behalf of the above-fund E. James, £1 Is ; E. Thomp- \- m oa, 2s 6d ; W. Thompson, 2s 6d ; J. J. Farr, bXOsj A.- Elliott, 5s ; R. T. Ford, £2 2s ; S. JSsnnders, 5s ; H. Connell, 10s ! L.O.L. No. 12, . "il ls.; W. Hay, jun.', ;7s 6d ; J. Hay, 5s ; J. Fjumsden, 5s ; R. Lumsden, 2s 6d ; Episcopalian :iOsf;R.-L. Murray, £2 2a ; C. Johnston, 10s; .JAO.L., No. 33, £5 ; D. M'Lean, 10s; J. M'Lean, 10s ; .Mr. Beaton, 10s; D. Anderson, "10sJ; .Mr. Davidson, 5s; W. Janiieson, 5s ; J. M'Lean, jhn.,'5s ; J. M'Lean, sen., 2s 6d ; Mr. ' Jj»ycook;2s Gd ; A Friend, 2s 6d:; Miss M'Lean . /Ss 6d ; J. H. Munro, £2 ; J. Clendenning, £1 ; S. H. M'Lean, 2s6d ; L.O.L., No. 64, £2 3s 6d; jEL.Gay, £1 Is. -MGibbon Testimonial' Fund.— It will he auen on reference to our advertising columns \- that the timfe for receiving subscriptions will . Jihally olose -at the end of the present month, "when it is expected that the . whole of the lists will have been returned to the secretaries. . In the Ocean-street Congregational Church, ' 'the Rev. J. C. Kirby delivered a reply to the ' -irat of ' Dr. Yaiighan's Advent Conferences, in ; > <doing so he' drew attention to a fact which muBt he . confusing to Dr. Yaughan's hearers, viz., that -he announced one subject and treated another. ' For whereas the theme advertised c-wu; "Have the Gates of Hell prevailed against \- tte-Church?" the subject he Dr. Vaughan , -discussed was, 'If there be a Church of Christ . -«m'arth the Catholic Church must.be that <Churoh." Mr. Kirby then adverted to Dr. \- Vanghan's singular ' method of dealing with the vital questions of. the Christian rehgion, and , denied ! Dn ' Vaughian's right to appeal as a . worldly man to worldly men on the verities of Ohrist's kingdom; which is not of this world, firat from above.' The preacher then pointed ;<mt-that numbers did not prove the Roman . <?hurcli true ; for if numbers and majorities . - determined truth in religion, then Christ and the Apostles were wrong, Caiaphas and the JewB, right ; and in the present day truth would -. lie- with the Budhists, the most numerous . of : : jmedern: religions. The preacher denied that -there had been unity of teaching in the Roman . -Church; for' Pope Liberious sanctioned Arian- tsm, which same doctrine had the support of \- the Synod of Selencia and >Auminum. More over, Lhe showed that the Third Council of , 3fyxesus' was Augustinian, whereas Trent was -very much the reverse ; and further, that, no nan could show unity of - touching between -Tali aiism and the New iTestainent, which ; WonLd;have to be done to make theclaim good.- J9E«)thsn denied that. Peter was ever Pope of . Koine; and affirmed,' from the confusion gene- ' xated hy the rival Popes in different ages, that m -sn an - cOold , show Pope Pius IX. to. be the. iqgitohate descendant of the Fisherman, even if r -itfce Fisherman had been a -Roman Pope. Then \- tte preaoher said that Dr.' Yaughan's proposi- -tisn . contained an unwarrantable assumption, %smmL put before the pnhlic a false issue.: For it '.i assumed that there -could he- but one visible ' Church of Christ on earth at one time, whereas -Che New . Testament taught and allowed the existence of many. Churches at the one time, and that there were' now existing hundreds of \- Congregational and Baptist Churches, and also ('Cm great confederated Presbyterian, Wesleyan . amd Lutheran Churches. The preacher said, '' Chat.. while he pitied his. forefathers who lay -jpnkihg in Roman- idolatry, he did not pity -i--Cm any more than his heathen ancestors, nor orifid he pity the one hundred , and' eighty-five .r; wnllions of Romanists at present in idolatry, 'snore than he did the nine hundred and fifty 0 snillibhs of the heathen. He believed- in the t'woercy of God, and that the ignorant Romanists u, :and jheathen would not be judged as those in .fnll blaze of Gospel light. He then'drew attention to the existence on the earth of a vast \--iCSsdy of persons found in all classes, lands, and 1 - AiMdesiastical organizations who were sensible of -".i lata;. and ;trnsted in the blood and mediation of v ; Clnist, and who were truly, though invisibly, AMgahized and linked to one another by a com- ''"v -4oii faith in Chrift, a common possession of Cke Holy Ghost, a common and indestructible I/cJUmb : of happy immortality. This spiritual ' tlsfcMbe affirmed to be the true Catholic Church r aff Christ, to whom the promises pertain, who ' ahsll tread upon the lion and the adder ; and ''Hhafi : the artificially > organized Roman Coin? annuity which is only linked by profession, by . far r n mrntri, . and by paators, ought not anda- . -eionsly to force itself into the place of that true l&ide; of Christ' which He- loved, and' for which 1 ' -fle'gave'- Himself, - that -He might cleanse it by 1 -ttie waahing of - water: by' the. Word, that He ;i Might present it to Himlf, not having spot or ',.i«nkl orMy such thiniglf " 'Before marriagd," yoMhg ladiiot ddVote thdni- advea to fineries ; after marriage they have t» Chiafc of the groceries 