PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in tho place where I am demanded of conscience to epcak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I -peak, impugn It whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications lntonded for in i sortton in tbo nowa columns should bo addressed to THE EDITOR. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of tho writer, not necessarily for publication, hut OB a guaranteo of good faith. Rejected communications cannot bo returned under any circumstances wbatovor. To avoid lnconvenlonco and dolay to persons interested wo have to request that all buBlness communica- tions, including advertisements, orders for tho Ëaper, and remittances, bo addressed to WILSON and IACKIMION, and not to TUB EDITOR. THURSDAY, JANUARY il, 1876. The proceedings of the Oppositioi yesterday will probably have the effec of opening the eyes of the country ti the hollownesa of its profeBaions. A our readers are aware, Mr. BERRY ant his friends have never ceased to protes lately against the waste of public timi which is at present taking place, anc which they assert is attributabli to the perversity of the Govern ment in not yielding to their die tation, and acting upon their verj disinterested advice. To hear then talk one would be disposed to thin, that they were in hourly expectation, of hearing that their opponents had thought better of the matter, and had consented to accept tho terms they are good enough to offer. In order te receive this submission, however, it is absolutely necessary that o House should be formed. Unless hon members attend in their places, hon is it possible that the Premier can make his retractation in due form, and receive fhpt psnintnnrn from the fancied masters of the situation in making his arrange- ments for a speedy dissolution, which they have declared over and over again it is their earnest desire to afford > Their conduct yesterday afternoon, however, completely belied their words. When the Speaker took the chair, it so happened that there was not a sufficient number of Government supporters present to form a quorum, and although there were plenty of the obstructionists in the lobbies, they refused to enter the cham- ber and make up the number which must be present before business can be proceeded with. They know well enough, . notwithstanding their loud boasting concerning the strength, and impregnability of their position, that the day is approaching when they will be forced to appear before the country as a baffled faction, and they are apparently ready to descend to any petty artifices which appear to offer them a chance of postponing the hour of their humiliation. What possible advantage can they hope to obtain by delaying operations for four and twenty hours, beyond securing for themselves a brief respite, and giving the Ministry a temporary check 11f they were sincere in their expressed desire to put an end to the existing state of affairs, they would be ready to meet the Government on every possible occasion, in order that, at all events, a chance might be afforded of coming to some arrangement. But it is evident they have no such wish. Their sole object in their desperation is to keep affairs in confusion, trusting to the chapter of accidents for extrication from the miserable mess in which they have involved themselves. They may say, of course, that while, for form's sake,[ they think it necessary to go on pretending to entertain an expectation that the Government will yield to their demands, they do not really anticipate any Buch thing, and that therefore no harm could arise from the absolute waste of a day. But they have done something more than put forward a modest claim to control the affairs of the country and wield the prerogatives of the Crown j they have taken upon themselves the solemn responsibility of stopping supplies, and leaving the Ministry without the means of satisfying the public creditor. It is true that while doing this, they have hypocritically professed to bo sorry for the inconvenience, loss, and misery such a course is calculated to produce, but the value of their protestations must be estimated by their overt acts. Setting aside the fact that for aught they knew to thecontrary,SirJAMEsM'CuLLOC_t might yesterday have been prepared to give the promise which would unlock tho Trea- sury, they aro well aware that the Premier is prepared with some scheme which is destined te bring them to their knees. On Tuesday evening they were all anxiety that this expedient should be tried at once. " What good object," they aBked, " could be served by fur " ther delay i If we can maintain our " ground, let the fact be at ones made " manifest j if, on the other hand, there is " any constitutional maohinery whereby " we can be crushed, let it bo put into " operation without delay, in order that " useless resistance may cease, and the " public money be made available for " the payment of the public debts." We would ask these eccentrio gentlemen how this important question can bo tested if they shirk the triait What is the good of expressing an ardent desire to Bettie the matter one way or tha other, «hilo resorting t» every paltry trick available to evado or postpone its discussion 1 Is the denial of the wherewithal to carry on the QUEEN'S government such an un- important proceeding that hon. mombers consider themselves justified in disre- garding the consequences 1 Do they wish to insult the country by indulging in factious antics while men and women are waiting for their well-earned money ? They have been endeavouring for some time post to saddle the Go- vernment with the consequences of their selfish proceedings, but lot the public creditors now judge who is to blame for delaying the satisfaction of their righteouB demands. While they are suffering inconvenience and loss, their protended friends aro fooling about in the lobbies. Perhaps this " count out" is not alto, gether to be regretted, as it will have the effect of showing the Opposition in its true colours-of demonstrating beyond tho possibility of reasonable doubt that its members are playing their own game of self-seeking, regardless alike of public credit and private interests. But wa cannot afford to throw away any more Parliamentary days for the purpose of proving what is already sufficiently well understood. We trust that the Treasury whip will take care that Mr. BERRY and the other patriots with whom he con- sorts do not have another opportunity of indulging in the peculiar form of obstruction under notice, and that hon. members on the Ministerial side of the House will lend him their ready assist- ance. Not many months ago we called the attention of the merchants and brokers of London to the steady and strenuous efforts which were being made to divert a portion of our wool trade from the Thames to the Scheldt, and warned them to put their house in order if they did not wish to see the attempt success- ful. We alluded then to the pamphlet which had just been issued by Messrs. RENARD Brothers and Co, wool brokers, of Antwerp and Melbourne, setting forth the advantages which the former port possesses as a market for the staple in which they deal. So rapid has been the progress of the wool trade in this Flemish city that the Précurseur is able to inform its readers that it is 50 per cent. larger than it was eight years ago, and that, owing to the advantages of position enjoyed by Ant- werp as the centre of a complete railway system, communicating with France on the one hand and Germany on the other, there is no reason to put limits to its future expansion. Looking at all these things, we were impressed by a sense of the imminent risk the mother country ran of losing a large portion of this valuable trade. Complaints had been rife for some years post respecting the way in which wool sales are conducted in London, and the excessive charges to which consignments were subjected, and we felt that unless a com plete redress of grievances were granted, it was exceedingly probable that some of our graziers, who are not in the hands of either the banks or merchants, would determine to test the Belgian market. If we may reiy on the infor- mation furnished by Messrs. RENARD Brothers and Co., the experiment must have proved satisfactory, and we know what a tendency trade has to flow in channels it has once provided for itself. In the pamphlet we have alluded to two pro forma account sales were given, the subject of each being 100 bales greasy wool shipped from this port, the one lot to London, the other direct to Antwerp. Freight and price being the same, there was a difference in favour of the Antwerp returns amount- ing to £32 11s. 3d., which is tanta- mount to an extra profit of very nearly 2 per cent. When we consider that the wool exported from Victoria during 1874 was valued at £6,373,641, and that the annual export of all these southern colonies, including New Zea- land, cannot be worth much less than £20,000,000, we may form some idea of the yearly loss incurred by these pro- vinces in continuing to send this staple to London instead of transferring their favours to Antwerp and the other con- tinental markets. For it must be remembered that Antwerp is not the only place that is anxious to secure a portion of our trade, and which can show better results than those obtainable in the London market. We have before us a letter from Mr. WILLIAM A. BRODRIBB, addressed to The Australasian, respecting a parcel of wool forwarded by him in a round- about way to Berlin. This letter is now two months old, but we have for- borne commenting on it before, as we thought it probable that some other gentlemen might have been experi- menting in the same or other directions, and would favour the public with the results of their operations. Having been disappointed, however, in this ex- pectation, we now proceed to show how Mr. BRODRIBB'S venture to Berlin turned out. In April last, he sent 50 bales of scoured wool to Messrs. GUSHER, EBELL, and Co., of that city. They were forwarded in the ordinary course to London, thence shipped to Hamburg, and taken on to Berlin by rail. This wool was sold on the 3rd September last, and the net proceeds placed in Melbourne amounted to £1,309 16s. 9d. About the same time he made this ship- ment, Mr. BRODRIBB despatched a similar parcel to London, the kind of wool being exactly the same. These 50 bales were sold on the 31st August, or within 4 days of the Berlin sale, and yet the amount of the draft forwarded in return was only £1,259 17s. 8d. This shows a difference of £1 per bale in favour of Berlin, notwithstanding that freight and assurance have to be paid from London to Hamburg, and railway carriage for the remainder of the distance. It will be observed that this is an account of an actual experiment, not merely, as in the Antwerp case, an estimate of probabili- ties. Mr. BRODRIBB accounts for the difference as follows :-" At the Berlin " sales, draft was not taken into con " sideration. The tare was actual, and " the samples were paid for at the price " the wool realised ; whereas in London " draft was allowed to the buyer at the " rate of 1lb. per cwt., and I was only " allowed two-thirds of the value of the " samples, and the warehouse charge " was 4s. per bale ; in Berlin only 3s. " per bale." All these little matters, as we have seen, make a great difference in the general result, and we maybe sure that as competition goes on amongst Australian woolgrowers, and stations gradually assume a settled value, which leaves only a moderate interest for the employment of capital, all these ap- parently trifling items in the list of charges and the conditions of sale will be more and more considered. It will be seen, then, that while Ant- werp promises a much better return than London affords, Berlin has been found on trial to give results far sur passing those obtainable in Flanders. The extra profit would have been still larger had it been possible to make the shipment direct to Ham- burg; and seeing how Mr. BRODRIBB has benefited by his enterprise, we should not be surprised to see a vessel put on the berth next season. Surely those who are interested in the London trade must see the necessity of doing something to redeem the character of their market. It is sheer infatuation and folly to imagine that shippers will go on for ever quietly foregoing a very considerable portion of their possible profits, for the benefit of either merchants, brokers, or buyers. Much as we desire to see our commerce with the mother coun- try not only maintained, but increased a hundredfold, we should be the first to exclaim at the stupidity of those who conducted their business operations on such unbusiness-like principles. As we said before, it is of the utmost import- ance to these colonies, in a national point of view, that they should receive the full value of their produce in the open market of the world. Young countries are dependent for their pro- gress on the rapid accumulation of capital, and we cannot afford to lose from 2 to 4 per cent. of the value of our wool exports. " We wish to see the mother-country command the commerce of the colonial world, not by any sentimental ideas which may attach to kinship and a common flag, but by her ability to transact business better and more economically than other nations." We by no means underrate the value of the sentimental ideas spoken of, but the only true bond of union in commercial matters, and therefore in many others also, is the the of mutual interest. We trust that the traders of London will so alter their usages and reduce their tolls that it will no longer be to the interest of the Australian woolgrower to seek a market else- where. Nothing, we imagine, could be more satisfactory to every one who takes an interest in the well-being of the Mel- bourne Hospital than the results of yes- terday's meeting. The subsoribers deter- mined by a large majority that the committee was deserving of severe censure for not having carried out the resolu- tion of the special general meeting of May 20, 1875, to the effect that, such alterations should be made in the bye-laws of the Hospital as were necessary to permit M.B.'s of the Mel- bourne University to become candidates for the office of hon. surgeon to the in- stitution. Without going into the sub ject at any length, we may say that it is only fair the medical graduates of our University should be accorded this privi- lege, seeing the training they undergo. But apart from this fact, the condemnation passed on the conduct of the board will teach committeemen for all time to come that they must pay some little attention to the desires and opinions of their con- stituents, and not imagine that after their election they are justified in wholly fol- lowing the bent of their own inclinations. We agree with Mr. THOMAS DICKSON that " the Hospital does not exist for the " benefit of the University or the " medical profession," although both bodies should be allowed to enjoy all the incidental advantages it can bestow. But we are also clearly of opinion that it is not primarily intended for the glorifica tion of one particular practitioner, and the gratification of a few consequential gentlemen, who seem to regard it as their own private property. The outcome of the election was extremely gratifying. The five retiring committeemen were absolutely nowhere at the poll, and those by whom they were replaced are gentlemen entitled to the confidence of the subscribers and the public. Whether the remainder of the old committee will think fit to resign after the vote of cen- sure that has been passed upon them remains to be seen, but at all events, the infusion of new blood cannot fail to have a beneficial effeot, even if matters remain otherwise as they are at present. Under the new régime we think it will be found that the possession of a colonial degree, worthily won after a long and severe training, is not an absolute bar to employ- ment or consideration. A poor woman namod KELLY died re- cently at Sandhurst, and amongst the other arrangements for her funeral an invitation was sent to the priest-the de ceaaedi was a member of the Roman Catholio Ohurch-requesting him to per- form the usual ceremony at the grave. The coffin was in duo time deposited by the " narrow bed" to which we all come back at last, but the reverend father was conspicuous by his absence. The friends and relatives of the poor creature, whoso remains were thus .unceremoniously 'treated, exhibited, we aro told, consi' derable excitement under the circum- stances, but after a time, seeing thoro was no help for it, "the corpso was tt dropped into tho grave, and covered up without any coremony." People will be anxious to know the reason which in- duced the rov. gentleman to bo guilty of such an outrage on humanity, and tho explanation is furnished by the Ben- digo Adwrlwr. " It was broadly stated," says our contemporary, "that tho ti roason why ho would not perform tho fi rites was, that deceased's children were 4(Sont to the state school, she being too «. r.0tT to PaV to send them to the Roman ti n íí0«c se}"")l- At any rate the Roman (( Catholio Bohoolmastor at Kangaroo-flat fi was accused of instigating the priest to keep away for the roason above stated." Uno italics are ours.) This, then, is the .enanty of tho great corporation which / claims to represent exclusively the i -;ion of mercy. A poor woman -o cannot pay for the instruction .her children must remain without Würistian burial, because she thinks it ÄW should go where they will be raugfit free than grow up in ignorance. >vo think it soomly and right that the rrir-IeB.1?fJthoBO wo havo loved should be words which toU of faith in tho providence o^Oöandhopeofafuturerosurrootiombut out upon the superstition whioh attaches riT ""Portée to these pious oxor rT!1'- B?eivos priestcraft its powor of írf í?°?and annoyance. The remnant ni I °rnï,° was EM1 or woman will rest ÏJ*"^, m tho bosom of mother rZ?' and tho emancipated spirit will {^t as warm a welcome at the "bourne tom which no traveller returns," if no .»". bo rung, no candle be lighted, and ÄÄ^ ton ""«sand Prests, B»S,raB,..had bIaz6d» and ensera haá tO and«freÍted roofB resounded with wie notesof sad funereal harmony. But Buffilr? CMmoti°n would always be SoEÍ" our own <«>1"» under any E^íano6B' we Mn sympathise with c«*U>y fto omiaaion of what they deem "»nüal to the well-being of their dT parted friends. Tho Roman Catholic clergy must dread the Education Act vory much indeed when they think It necessary to insult tho dead and outrage the living in order to deter their flocks from availing thomaolvea of its provi- sions. _ The obstructive tactics o£ the Opposition assumed a new phase yesterday afternoon, when they succeeded in securing a count-out in the Legislativo Assembly. Five minutes after the Speaker took the chair there was not a quorum-20 members-presont, and the meeting therefore lapsed. The mem- bers present on the Government side of the House wera Sir James M'Culloch, and Messrs. Macpherson, Kerferd, Gillios, Earn say, M'Lellan, Fraser, Stewart, G. V, Smith, Must, Wrixon, MacDermott, W. Clarke, Whiteman, Boniato, and Curtain ; and on tho left of the Speaker there were only Messrs. Service, Daffy, and Coppin, The leading members of the Opposition were in their lobby, but declined to form a House, to enable the business of the country to be proceeded with. They have attempted a count-out on several pre- vious occasions, bat have always been de- feated by the Government supporters mus- tering strongly. Several Ministerialist mem- bers arrived yesterday afternoon jost as the Speaker left the chair, but it was then too late. The thin attendance of Ministerialists at the assembling of the House was due to the fact of the first portion of the business paper being occupied by private members' business of no great interest. The election to fill the vacancy La the representation of the district of Villiers and Heytesbury, caused by the death of Mr. O'Grady, takes place to- day. The candidates are the Hon. Joseph Jones, Commissioner of Hailways, and Sir John O'shanassy. The supporters of both have been very actively engaged during the last fortnight, and the contest is expected to be a very close one. A meeting was held at the Mechanics' Institute, Brunswick, lost evening, to take steps to select a fit and proper candidate to succeed Mr. Higinbotbam as representative of the East Bourko Boroughs in the Legisla- tive Assembly. It would appear that the promoters had intended the meeting to have been of a merely preliminary and private character, bat their intention having boen made public, an assemblage of about a hun- dred electors had gathered in the hall of the institute at the hour selected for the meet- ing. The proceedings, which were of a some- what disorderly and desultory character, re- sulted in a resolution being passed to the effect that a publio meeting be called at Brunswick at an early date, at which Mr. Higinbotbam should be invited to address the electors. It is understood that his Honour Mr. Justice Barry will leave Melbourne by the Californian mail on Monday week, onhis con- templated tour. The board appointed by the Government to inquire into the working of the Kew Asylum will hold its preliminary meeting this morning. It is only intended at this meeting to make arrangements for the taking of evidence, so as to suit the con. venience of all parties. His Hononr Judge Pohlman has received such a severe shock to his health, owing to the death of his wife, that he has applied to the Crown law officers for a short leave of absence. The application has been acceded to, and Judge Cope will carry on Judge Pohl man's duties during his abaence. Information has been received in town that another serious case of scarlet fever has occurred at Sorrento. The s.a. Hibernia, from London, with the New South Wales and New Zealand cable on board, passed Wilson's Promontory yes terday morning on her way to Sydney. On Tue_-_i _-cm'_.s ct 1 c'slc-l-, Mr. B. Down, inspector of Customs, boarded the steamer Wentworth on her arrival in Hobson's Bay, and under the cabin table discovered a tia trunk, which has since been ascertained to contain about £2,500 worth of jewellery and watches, smuggled from Sydney under the description of " passengers luggage." The case is at present in the pos. session of the department, and has been traced to presumedly respectable merchants, who have previously come under the notice of the authorities. The duty involved is about £300. This is another instance of the difficulty of collecting duties when there is free trade in Sydney, and a heavy protective tariff here. The annual meeting of the governors of the Melbourne Hospital, which was held yesterday, was largely attended. The report showed that the receipts for the year amounted to £20,750 10s. ii., and the ex- penditure-including a debit balance of £2,054 14s. lid. from lost year-to £23,880 18s. 3d., besides an expenditure of over £2,000 on new laundry buildings and alter- ing approaches to the hospital. The great point of interest in the meeting was the discussion of Mr. Dwyer's vote of censure on the committee for not carrying oat the resolution of the special general meeting, held in May lost, that the bye-laws should be altered so as to admit of holders of the degree of M.B., Melbourne University, being eligible for the office of hon. surgeon to the institution. The speeches made on the snbject were very strong against the committee, and the ex- pressions of approval with which the various speakers were greeted were so loud that the chairman several times reminded the meet- ing that there were patients not far distant. The only defenders of tho action of the com- mittee were three of its members. After a long discussion the motion was amended so as only to include the majority of the com- mittee who did not comply with the wishes of the subscribers, and this was carried by a very large majority. The election of five committee men resulted in the rejection of all those who came forward for re-election, and the return of the following, viz :-Dr. Henna, Dr. Lawrence, and Messrs. H. McGuigan, J. Hood, and John Anderson, A motion that the Government should appoint a responsible officer to a position ou the board was ruled out of order, as no notice had been given of it. The 31st half-yearly meeting of the Colling- wood, Fitzroy, and District Gas Company was held yesterday. The report and balance sheet were adopted, and the usual dividend of C3, per share was declared. The Pastoral Chamber of Riverina held their annual meeting yesterday, when a satisfactory report was submitted and adopted. The retiring officers and commit- tees were re appointed, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the officers for the pact year. Major Heath, who has recently returned to the colony from a visit to England, pro- poses to establish in Melbourne a marine aquarium Bimilar to the great Brighton aquarium and the new Westminsteraquarium He found that these places had become most attractive sources of amusement and instruction, and knowing that nothing of the kind existed in Melbourne, he mado himself acquainted with the mode of construction and management of these exhibitions by visiting those already established at Brighton, Man- chester, Southport, the Crystal Palace, and Paris, where, through the instrumentality of Mr. Frank Buckland, he was afforded every opportunity of obtaining the necessary in- formation. Major Heath believes that an aquarium in Melbourne would be a great onccess, and expresses the opinion that the varieties of fish and marine curiosities to bo found in our bays and on the coast would form a more attractive exhibition than most of those established at home. The project could be carried out by the formation of a company with a capital of £5,000 or £6,000, and it is Major Heath's intention, we believe, to take immediate steps in the matter. Mr. J. A. Langford, LL.D., who is a member of the Birmingham School Boord, was a passenger by the steamship Somerset- shire, He intends making . tour of . the colonies, with the view of makin« inquiries I re»r^ci_r_gthedi£firentiï8te«iol'e4BC«tion 1 which have been established in Austral! At Birmingham, where Forster's Elementa, Educational Act ia in operation, the loc board have already established a system i compulsory and secular education. Ia thi respect the action of the board ia distin from tbat adopted in many other towna i England, where some kind of religious ii struction is imparted, without the iutrusio of doctrinal or denominational difference The board have not yet rcBoIved on ti adoption of an entirely free system, thoug in some instances the fees charged are as lo as a penny per week. Dr. Langford : travelling in company witu Mr. It. Tangye, member of the great engineering Arm i Tangye Brothera The Hon. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., who leaves by the mail steamer to-day, was ente tained at dinner at the Athenaeum Club on Tuesday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. A W. Robertson, and the vice-chair by Mr. R. Goldsbrough. Mr. Fitzgerald health was heartily drunk, the company joining in wishing him a pleasant voyage. Regarding the ship Skerryvore, which wi despatched from Melbourne to San Francise with the Victorian and Tasmanian exhibii intended for Philadelphia, and was compelle to pnt in at Lyttelton, New Zealand, ti Hobart Town Mercury informs ns thi " whilst at that port the crew, or a great* portion of them, deserted, and the captai became quite unmanageable through drinl Money, however, being raised on bottom) bonds, a new crew was shipped, the oaptai recovered, and a fresh start was made on ti 9th January." The following report of the preliminai meeting held at Ballarat on Tuesday nigl in favour of constitutional government : given by the Ballarat Star :-" About Í persona met at the Royal Hotel on Tuesde night, in response to an invitation in oi columns, published that morning, an addressed to those who desired to see tt government of the country carried on. M Ii. S. Christie waa voted to the chair. Tt Chairman said that they had met'not for ar 1 party purpose, but with a desire to see tt public creditor paid, and he could see n reason why the business of the counti should be thrown into disorder. Mr. Se jeant said that the meeting was merely preliminary one, and he thought that tt best way would be to appoint a cot mittee, to prepare resolutions and draw up memorial, to be laid before a meeting of whic longer notice should begiven. He agreed wil the chairman that they were not met to sa; port any party, but in favour of the goveri ment being carried on constitutionally. E pointed out the danger and inconveniem which muBtreBult from a stoppage of supplie He movedtbatthe following gentlemen form committee, with power to add to their nut her, for tho purpose already stated, viz :. MesBTB. Baird, Christie, Hunter, Wheeldo: Cotter, and Serjeant. Mr. Baird second« the motion, and said that he could Bee r reason why the stone-wall had been erode and the public creditor Bhould not be pal If there was a quarrel in the House, that wi rio reason why the debts of the count: should not be discharged. He pointe Ont that the Catholics, who thougl that they were wronged by the Educatic Act, might combine to do the samo thin and thus cause no end of confusion, TI motion was then put and carried. Son conversational discussion followed, in ti cbutse of which it was suggested that if at Btone.waller was present he should be hear but no one came forward. Mr. Luplau the made some remarks as to the inconsistencii of the stone-wallers, and Mr. Serjeant fe lowed in a very pointed speech, which e. posed the contradictions and absurdities < the stone- wall position. The chairman mac a few remarks on the failure of our systei of government, and the meeting separate' after a vote of thanks to the chairman, '. ¡¿ uiiJoidtood that Lui, cuiiiuiUwo will ui another meeting at an early date." ' The Maryborough Advertiser of Wedne day says ¡-"There was some talk yesterdi of getting up a monster meeting in suppo of the M'Cullooh Administration, or rathe to apeak more correctly, in opposition to ti Btone-wall tactics. Such a meeting would i doubt be well attended, and would ha' been held long Bince had the slightest inl mation been given that the Governmei required any demonstrations of the kim The Government, however, have hither rather thrown cold water on public meetini in their favour, and have not countenance any efforts to hold meetings in their Buppor Now, however, the time has perhaps arrive when the country will speak out on tt crisis that has arisen, and when the Goveri ment will be glad of an expression i opinion in their favour." i We leam from Mesara. Richard Gibsc and Co. that the heifer Roan Duches bought by Mr. Samuel Gardiner at the Colt sale for 2,200 guineas, dropped yesterday red bull calf to Earl of Geneva, , 1 The East Melbourne Cricket Club hi made arrangements to play a match with tt Ararat Club on Monday. The East Melbourr team will leave by the evening train o Saturday. At a largely attended meeting of ti Brewers' Club, held yesterday at the Royi Mail Hotel, a resolution was passed conve; ing to the Hon. N, Fitzgerald, who proceed to England by to-day's mail steamer, thei expression of- their good wishes towards hii in his travels, and the hope that he and Mn Fitzgerald may have a pleasant voyage an speedy return. A resolution was also carrie requesting Mr. Fitzgerald, during his travel in England and America, to obtain copies c the rules of all brewers' associations, an such other information relating to the trad as he may consider of advantage to the du and the browing interest of Australia gene rally. Hugh Mitchell, driver of the LiUydal coach, who was committed for trial las week on a charge of embezzling intermediat fares, was brought up at the City Polic Court yesterday on a farther charge of em bezzling 7s. Cd. in the same way. On thi accusation also he was committed for trial Bail was allowed and obtained. A means of saving life was very severe!) tested last night at the end of the paten Blip, Williamstown, in the presence of thi harbour master, Captain Payne, whei Holmes's patent light for life buoys was ex hibited by Captain Coleman, of the R.M.S.S Mongolia, who stated that all the company'i steamers are now supplied with these lights The patent is a very Bimple-looking article very much resembling a cylinder with twe necks, in fact looking more like a roasting jack than anything else, but on a smallei scale. The modus operandi is exceedinglj simple, a point which will recommend it te many, and is as follows :-The light is placed in a float composed of wood, and then toggled to the buoy, when it is thrown over, board. Immediately upon its touching the water, it hursts into a brilliant flame, which lasts fire minutes, when the flame diminishes a little, and burns so for 25 minutes. The Hame burns with still farther diminished brilliancy for half an hour longer, so that it will burn for one hour from the time it is im- mersed. Lost night it was subjected to a more severe trial than it is ever likely to receive, as no matter how high a soa may run the light would be constantly in the water, whereas last night it was lifted out and plunged in again many times, the only difference perceptible being that a more brilliant light emanated from it upon its being immersed again. Captain Cole man expressed himself to the effect that this invention is the most valuable one he has used in regard to determining the position of buoys after they have been thrown over board. At about 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon a fire occurred in a email toy shop situated at the lower end of Simpson's road, Riohmond. One of the neighbours who was passing observed smoke issuing from the promisee. and finding the place closed, broke open the door, when the shop was found to be fali of smoko from a fire burning under the counter and «hop window, amongst some loose paper, The flame« had not taken Any great hold of the place, and wore soon extin- guished by the neighbours without much damage having been done. The Rich- mond Fire Brigado soon after arrived, but fortunately their services were not called into requisition. The premises, which were of brick, containod a shot and two rooms, and were in the occu- pation of Mrs. K, E. Lyona, who was leaving the place, the furnit-ro having been all removed during the morning. Sha was in the shop at about ten minutes to 2 o'clock, and when she left she locked the doors. The stock and furniture were insured for £00. The circumstances attending the fire arc considered suspicious, and the police are making inquiries which will probably lead to an investigation. Some very hard swearing took place at the Eltham Police Court on Tuesday in the case of William Httbert v. Margaret Kincade, for damage done to plaintiff's sheep by a dog alleged to belong to defendant, and it was pretty evident that perjury was com- mitted on one side or the other. Mr. Herbert swore that on several occasions he had wit. nessed his sheep being destroyed by a dog the description of which he gave-which he knew was the property of the defendant, having seen it in her possession for a twelvemonth. Mrs. Kincade, on the con- trary, swore jost as positively that no1 only had such a dog never been in hei possession, bat that she had owned no do_ whatever since August lost, with the excep- tion of a small pup, whioh she got af Christmas, and her evidence was corrobo- rated by that of her daughter and son-in law. The Bench were in evident perplexity as to how to reconcile these conflicting state- ments, bat eventually dismissed the case without giving any costs. Jt transpired during the hearing of the case that a great deat of ill-feeling existed between the parties, who are neighbouring settlers on Arthur's Creek, which had resulted-in numerous appearances on their part at one or other of the adjacent police courts, A report upon the claim held by the Great Extended Walhalla Company has been made by Mr. W. Eddy, a mining agent commis- sioned to inspect the gronnd by the London promoters of the company. He expresses the opinion that the company possesses a most valuable mining property. He approves ol the scheme to open up a tunnel from the Thomson River to Stringer's Creek, and ie confident that it could be completed in two years by means of air-pressure boring machinery worked by water power from the Thomson River. Our Sandhurst correspondent reports thai at the City Police Court yesterday, Edward Mould, who was reported on Tuesday ae having been charged with indecently assault- ing a little girl under 12 years of age on the 24th inst, was remanded for a week on the application of Detective Alexander. With respect to the scratching of Haricot, the Geelong Advertiser learns that a yearV careful attention to this speedy animal, and an excellent prospect of winning for hie popular owner (Mr. Chirnside) the Geelong Gold Cup, "was in one brief minute thrown away by the careless act of an ill-tempered boy. It appears that something happening with Haricot's bit, the lad in charge oj him was unable to get it out of the animal's mouth as quickly as he desired. Haricot became fidgetty, and thereupon c blow on the head was administered, whict caused him to rear and fall backwards, breaking the tipof his tail-bone and otherwise injuring himself. Mr. Chirnside would rathei have lost £500 than that such a conlreCempi should have happened, as Haricot was nevei more fit, and he felt confident of winning e trophy which he told Mr. Tait he,would win before he had done, and it was with his Mel bourne Cup winner he expected to be able te carry out his promise." " Mr. R. A. ArmBtrone, a teacher at pre- sent stationed at Richmond, has," says the Courier, " been appointed head master of the Ballarat State School No. 33." The Inglewood correspondent of the Ben digo Advertiser Btates that "anew rush hat set in to the Hard-hills, and, judging f rou the reports to hand, it would seem as if som< of the rich finds of the neighbouring field ol Berlin, about four miles distant, were about to be repeated. A party of brothers named Smith recently had a washing of several loads, from which they obtained the hand some return of lOoz. to the load. Severa other claims have daring the last few dayc been turning out good stuff. A large numbei of people are on the ground, and only since Friday, the 21st inst., hundreds have beer and are still pouring in. The ground ii situate about 12 miles from Inglewood and 10 from Dunolly." "The last trip of the schooner Marthe and Jane, from Melbourne to the Rivei Leven," writes the Cornwall Chronicle, "affords a practical illustration of the differ- ence between the Victorian and Tasmanian sj'Btems of collecting harbour dues. Captain Logan reports that he was compelled by stress of weather to pat in at Circular Head. The authorities there promptly demanded the payment of light and harbour dues, which he-knowing from experience the futility of remonstrance-immediately paid. Adverse weather compelled a second halt at Emu Bay, and there again he was obliged to com- ply with the exactions of tho harbour officials. On his arrival at his destination a third pay- ment of the same dues was necessitated, the schooner having, in the short distance of 45 miles, entered harbours within the juris- diction of three separate and distinct marine boards ; but at the same time, not [having gone within range of any lighthouse since leaving Port Phillip Heads, and not having received the slightest assistance from any barbour master or other authority at any one of the ports mentioned. This is the Tasmanian system. In Victoria the small sum of 7s. 2d. over and above what Captain Logan paid in the shape of dues for this one trip would have enabled the Martha and Jane to sail to and from any ports within that colony for the space of six months, payment at any one port exempting from payment at all others." Two missionaries from Utah-Mr. D. A. Swan and Mr. C. S. Barton-are now lectur- ing in Hobart Town. We find the following in the Live Stock Journal:--"Mr. Richard Morton, of Aus- tralia, who recently disposed of his herd there, went to the colonies from Skelsmergh hall 20 years ago. He has now returned, and purchased for himself a residence in Kendal. His average, when disposing of his herd by private treaty, before leaving, is the largest ever realised. He sold to Messrs. Robertson, of Victoria, 47 onimals for a tofalof £27,000, an average of £574 9s. 'Id. On the 23rd of Tebruary, 1875. Mr. Morton had a sale by auction, when 30 animals made £14,005108., or an average of £40514s. 2d. each. Truly Australia has been a land flowing with 'mille and honey' for Mr. Morton." "The Darling navigation," writes the Bay Standard, "wouldappear to have ceased for the season, except for the smaller craft. The steamer Freetrader, Captain Porter, has been lying for some time between two bats of rock, at Christmas Reefs, on that river, with a load of general Btores for Wilcannia. The steamer has plenty of water where she is lying, but is prevented going forward or back- ward by the rocks which run across the bed of the stream, leaving only a narrow channel, through which thesmallerateamerscouldpass, however. The Jolly Miller passed them going up stream, previous to the departure of our informant, who has made the journey on horseback across country to Hay, whence he hopes to got a steamer to Echuca. Ho has not come much too soon, for the Murrum, bidgee is now falling rapidly, and when to expect arise is not known. We are assured that, if certain obstructions were removed, the steamers would be able to trade much longer than they aro now enabled to do. On the Murrumbidgee the proper expenditure of a few hundreds of pounds sterling would now prove of great benefit, not only to the carry- ing trade, but to the inhabitants of the great inland districts, which are almost) de- pend.nt on the river cam*«» for a supply of the necessaries of life. Ac- cording to a return tarnished tho Legis- lative Assembly, Sydney, the other day, on the motion of Mr, Bawden, nearly £100,000 bave within the last few years beon expended on ' improving1 the navigation of the rivers Murray, Murrumbidgee, and Darling. We trust Borne good has been achieved with this immense outlay on the Darling and Murray rivers, hot we are forced to the unwelcome conclusion that the amount of work of per- manent benefit effocted on the Murrumbidgee during that period is insignificant consider- ing the expenditure. The shipping news in our files goes far to prove the river is be- coming worse instead of better, BO far as a comparative review of the facts chronicled in regard to navigation will alford ue the moana of determining. It is be coming more and more evident every day that the streams of Riverina re- quire similar care to that bestowed on metalled roads-repairing parties are con- stantly necessary-and it would appear that £10,000 per annum is much too little to keep them- in proper repair, judging from the prospect of a total cessation of river naviga- tion, except while the rivers aro in flood. Timber is constantly falling in the waterway, so that, however carefully charts may be drawn up for the use of captains on this river, new obstacles present themselves sea- son after eeason; and it is only by vorj minute observation at low water that cap, tains ore enabled to steer clear of dangers." His Honour Judge Forbes, of New South Wales, has adopted a somewhat singulai mode of replying to the adverse criticisms oj a newspaper upon his conduct. Before the Criminal Court at Wagga Wagga rose on Fri- day, Jan. 21, his Honour (the Expresa reports] read the following, which he stated he had put in writing to avoid any possible misinter- pretation :-" My attention has been called to a leading article in the Advertiser news- paper, in which it is stated that much dissa- tisfaction exists as to the manner in which I conduct the business of the court, in conse- quence of my inability to free myself from my former position as Crown prosecutor; that in the case of Ah Fat and Ah Sam, foi stealing a cheque, recently tried before me, Ah Sam was condemned, whilst Ah Fat, the man who stole the cheque, got off ; that this most serious case of miscarriage of justice resulted from the jury following my direc- tion ; and that public feeling is so strong in the matter that it has already been deter- mined to petition the Legislature on behall of the unfortunate Ah Sam. Now the same newspaper which contains this article alsc contains what purports to be a full report ol the proceedings in the case in question ; and having carefully read it, and found that it is substantially correct, I would suggest as a more proper and speedy mode of having this wrong, if wrong has been done, put right, would be to Bend it as a case reserved for the opinion of the judges of the Supreme Court. If, then, the counsel who defended the pri- soner, the attorney who instructed him, oi any respectable person on behalf of the pri soner, will have a copy made of the case a< reported in the Advertiser newspaper, I will with pleasure sign it, and have it forwarded to the proper office, in order that it may be brought before their honours the judges oi the Supreme Court with as little delay Of possible. I have always endeavoured to de my duty honeBtly and fairly ; if I have seemed not to do.so, it has been from no lacli of desire on my part. If, however, there be any truth in the statement that I have giver great dissatisfaction to the public, all I can say is that if the public will let me know thal such is really the feeling, I will at once applj to the Government for an exchange to some other district, which I have very little doubt in that case would be granted." < The Rockhampton correspondent of the Brisbane Courier writes on the 10th iust. : " It is stated that the R.M.S. Bowen, on hei last passage from Brisbane to this port, strack on something whioh caused the greatest con sternation to all on board. The shock wai as though she had struck a rock, but nothing of the kind appeared in the ship's chart ii that locality. Her engines wore immedi ately stopped, and an examination made but, no injury appearing, she proceeded oi her way, after having sounded the spot SAC finding nothing but 30 fathoms water. Te show the fright occasioned by the sudder shook, a number of ladies rushed on deck ir deshabille, thinking the vessel was going down." A correspondent of the Albury Banner suggests the following as the possible origin of the "bunyip" stories which from'time te time appear in the country newspapers : " While on a visit a few days since to a farmer of my acquaintance, resident about 20 miles from Benalla, I was told of a peculiai bird occasionally seen on the swamps in the neighbourhood, which is said to make e noise not unlike the roaring of a bull. II appears that the bird is only known to fre- quent the swamps at long intervals, and or the occasion of heavy Hoods, and when mj informant first settled in the neighbourhood he was at a loss to account for the strange sound produced, aome members of hie family being, indeed frightenod by it, especially as it was generally heard in the dusk of the evening. Aftei careful watching, however, he ascer- tained that the noise was made, as I bave already said, by a bird of g grey colour, and considerably larger than a goose, which wades in the flooded ground and appears to lire upon fish, after the manner of cranes. It is particularly shy, and from this cause, and from the fact that it seldom puts in an appearance, my friend has not yet been able to shoot a specimen. From the description given to me of the sound, however, I am inclined to think it possible that this bird may have formed the source of Borne of the numerous ' bunyip ' yarns at one time so prevalent in the colonies, and I hold firmly to the idea, in spite of several newspaper paragraphs which have been recently published, purporting to give an account of the capture ot two or three bun yips in various parts of the colony. I should be glad to know if any of your readers have met with the bird I have described." The Chicago Tribune Bays:-"Among the cases presr-nted recently to the Commissioners of Alabama Claims at Washington was one involving the question of 'inferential damages,' the claim being for 'prospective profits' that were not realised on account of the Alabama's interference. It was the cost of a whaler, fitted out for a 30 months' cruise, which was pursued on her way to the Arctic Ocean by the Alabama, compelled to leave the fishing-ground, and preventedfrom returning there for some time, bat was not captured. The season's catch was thus missed, and the 'prospective profit of that season was estimated at SO.OOOdoL The case was elaborately argued, but the Court held that the claim was excluded by the law of Congress, which limited claims to damage that resulted directly from the cruisers. The Court has followed the strictest interpretation of the section of the law. Damages are allowed for goods actually destroyed at the value of the goods at the place and time of shipment, with six per cent interost till date of destruction; for loss of freight from the time that freight began to be earned, and for all goods pur- chased in coin, the value is ostimated at the depreciation of the currency at the time the purchase was made. Among the unique claims presented was that of a clergyman who had been appointed consul at some place in China, and was captured en route; he claimed 10,000dol. for loss of office and its honours. A Californian wanted lOO.OOOdol. for the 'loss of opportunity'of making that amount of money in real estate speculations. He was deterred from making the journey to j California by the threatened danger of being captured by tho Alabama or Shenandoah, and he knows that if he had gone he would have made several hundred thousand dollars. The same person had another claim because he waa prevented by a similar cause from selling a patent spring-bed-bottom in Cali 1 forai», out of which he ia sure he would have ¿ ade 50,000dol. The Government Torr un« 'feelingly refused to recognise the justice of, these claims." i Mr. Candler held an inquest on the 24th inst., nt Boroondara, on the body of John Sanford, aged 81 years, a gardener. He was a hale, hearty man, but on the morning of the 23rd inst, immediately after getting up, became ill, and died in a few minutes. Dr. Molloy, having made a post-mortem examination, deposed that the causo of death was sanguineous apoplexy. Verdict accordingly. Another maí¡n¿e performance is announced for Saturday afternoon at the Theatre Royal, when the operatic selections given yesterday by Mdlle. Ilma de Muraka will bo repeated, with a varied miscellaneous selection by the other members of the company. In connexion with this subject we refer the reader to the advertisement in our "Amuse- ment" columns. Mr. and Madame Simonsen announce their first concert since their return from Europe I to take place in the Town-hall on Saturday I night, assisted by Mrs. Cutter, contralto; Mrs. Copinger, a pupil of Charles Halle; Signor Carmini Morley, tenor ; Mr. Florence, tenor ; Mr. S. Lambie, basso ; and Mr. C, B. Foster, pianist and conductor. The full programme appears in another column. The return of these highly capable and popular artists to settle amidst the Bcenes of so many former successes ought to be the occasion for a hearty welcome from the musical audience of Melbourne. The Theatre Royal was fairly attended last night. The performance consisted of the pantomime of "Froggee Would a Wooing Go." There was a large attendance at the Opera-house last night The pantomime of "Fortunatas " was very well received. The new programme at St. George's hall continues to give satisfaction. The ghost illnsion is well managed, and the fairy fountain is always pleasing. , The entertainment at the Apollo-hall was repeated last night. There was a very small attendance. Mrs. Fanny Stenhouse will repeat her lecture, "Life Among the Mormons," at, the Temperance-hall, Russell-street, on Monday evening. The prizes given by the Richmond Board of Advice to the pupils of the state schools in the district will be presented at the local town-hall this evening by the Minister of Education. There was a celebration of the birthday of Robert Burns at the Assembly-hall, St. Kilda, on Tuesday evening. Tho principal perfoimerB were successful in securing the approbation of the audience. Mr. Caws was the pianist. The attendance was limited. It is announced in our advertising columns that the excursion steamer Williams will make trips to Queenscliff and Sorrento and Queenscliff and Portsea on Sunday next and on the following Sunday at greatly reduced fares. The petition to the council of the Mel- bourne University will lie at Mr. Mullen's, Collins street, until this evening. Those gentlemen graduates and under-gradnates of the University, who have not yet signed it, are requested to lose no time in doing so. A presentation of a handsome nug and scarf-ring was made yesterday at Melville's Four Courts Hotel, to Mr. J. W. Colville, of the Lands department, by his fellow officers, previous to his departure for Europa by the ensuing mail, on 12 months' leave of absence. The presentation having been made through Mr. A. Morrah, inspector of the department, and the recipient's health drunk in champagne, the company sepa- rated. Mr. W. E. J. Simons gave his " third com plimentary Entertainment of Dramatic Re- citals" to the members of the Melbourne Catholic Young Men's Society last night, in St, Patrick's-hall. The Rev, Joseph O'Malley, S.J., presided, and there was a fall house. The efforts of Mr. Simons, bath comic and serious, met with the approval of the audience. In reciting Poe's ''Raven," however, Mr. Simons fell into the common error of sacrificing the wonderful rhythm and alliteration of the poem to forcod decla- mation. The following is the number of cases re- lieved by the committee of the Melbourne Ladiea' Benevolent Society for the fortnight ending January l8 :~ Families, 020 (num- bering 2,020 individuals), comprising widows, 320 ; sick and infirm, 112 : deserted wives, 50; wives whose husbands are ia prison, 10 ; wiveB whose husbands are absent, 31 ; wives whose husbands are partially em- ployed, l8 ; do. unemployed, 22; aged couples, 30 ; single women, 24 ; miscellaneous, 3 ; out- lay during the fortnight in relief of cases, £170 3s. Industrial Home.-Inmates, 32 ; expenses during the fortnight, £1818s, lid.; oarnings do., £19 Ga. Cd. Contributions will be thauk fully received by the hon. treasurer, Mrs. Dunn, Little Lonsdale-Btreet weBt, by any member of committee, or by the collector, Mr. A. Grant, Bridge-street! Richmond. Another manifestation of the good feeling existing between employers and employed which is now so frequently recogni.ed in our community-took place on Saturday last, when the firm of Mason, Firth, and M'Cutcheon, printers, Flinders-lane west, held a picnic at Brighton beach. By arrange- ment with the M. and H.B.U. Railway Com- pany, special carriages were provided by the 9.20 tram from Melbourne, and the bulk of the party arrived at the beach about 10 o.m. The weather was so favourable that every- body was in excellent spirits, and all entered upon tbo day's enjoyment with the utmost zeBt, A well-prepared series of athletic Bpoi ts was commenced at 11 o'clock, and waa only concluded about C p.m., intervals being allowed for luncheon and dancing. The various "events" were keenly contested, and afforded great amusement both to the competitors and the epectatoia. Afcl p.m. the whole company sat down to a luncheon, laid out in the longroom and veran- dah of Grimbly's hotel. About 180 per- sons, including the wives and lady friends of| the employés, wera present. At the con- clusion of the luncheon Mr. Cosier, the ac- countant, was presented by the emploi/és with a valuable gold ring, as a token of their esteem, and of their appreciation of his courtesy. A cricket match-11 single v. 22 married-followed, then more sports, &c.; ; tea at C p m., next au amateur entertain- ment, which afforded a pleasant hour's chango after the various events of the day, and then dancing until 11 p.m., when the company separated, in time to return to town by the last train, 1 The seventh annual picnic and dinner given by Messrs. George Webster and Co. to their employs took place at Mordialloc on Saturday, 22nd inst. Precisely at 10 o'clock a start was made from the warehouse in Flinders lane, where a number of vohicles had drawn up to convey the party to their de- stination. Having arrived at the appointed place, a luncheon provided at Bloxsldge's Hotel was quickly disposed of, when the sports usual on such occasions were entered upon. The firm had offered prizes, consisting of elegantly chased silver cups, to the successful competitors in the several races and to the highest scorers in the cricketing tournaments. The prizes for run ning were carried off by Messrs. Marry.itt and M'Queen. As Messrs. Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co.'s employés were enjoying an "out" at the same watering-place on the same day, it afforded an opportunity for a friendly game of cricket between the two houses, and in the "old buffers'" match Messrs. Paterson, Ray. Palmer, and Co. pro- mised a Bilver cup to the winning team. The result of the Rame was G. W. and Co., 50 runs ; and P. R. P. and Co., 5L The trophy for the higheBt score was carried off by Mr. Palmer, jun. Amongst the juniors the top score was mado by Mr. Donovan, who thus secured the prize. The din- ner, which was the event of the day, was laid in the long roora at Bloxsidge s Hotel. After the usual loyal toasts, "The Health and Continued Prosperity of the Firm" was proposed in a neat speech by Mr. Ray, and Mr. Bruce replied on behalf of himself and his partner. Three cheers for the firm wound up the pro- ceedings, and after a few more games at croquet, skittles, quoits, ice., the party re- turned in good time to their homes, well Eleased with the day's amusement. A very andsome claret jug, gold-mounted, ana richly chased, has been Bent out by Mr. Geo. Webster, as a prizo to be competed for at quoits, which must be won three times before it can be claimed. Mr. Jos. Drummond is so far the successful competitor, ho having two games to his credit. AN official paper shows that in 1874183,130 persons in England and Wales were pro- ceeded against for drunkenness, and being drunk and disorderly. Air amuBing slip of the pen ocourred recently in the Athenoum, which introduced to its readers an ecclesiastic whom it named "Mr. Cardinal Manning." , "Br__iiESTs"ol brown paper of a superior quality, perforated in euoh a manner as to permit a free passage to the exhalations of the body, without diminishing'the warmth, are advertised in London at id., Dd.. or 61 each, ' '? " 