Over the Mountains to Mandurama Diggings. [FROM ODB SPECIAL 11EFOHTER.] NO. I. Had I been in any other civilised country in tho world but New South Wales when I received your telegram requesting mo to represent you specially at the opening of Mnndurama, I should have at once applied to the Commissioner, or Secretary of the railway line to bo passed over, or the Minister for Works for a free pass. Un- fortunately hero in Now South Wales, while actresses and other distinguished visitors (vory properly, I am willing to admit) are granted gratuitous use of tho line, and feted by thoso controlling tho railways, tho hard-working press- man is debarred from tho privileges accorded to members of tho profession everywhere else. Ever since au alleged abuse of the system of granting f reo passes to journalists ou active duty, which led to a long parliamentary' debate that resulted in nothing, tho matter has been loft to the discretion of tho Minister of tho day, though the questiou is supposed tb be, and,to. have been, before the Cabinet'fdr over two years,' and passes aro granted at tho 'caprice of the railway officials. Aa tho spot to be visited-is beyond Carcoar, and Carcoar is'beyond'Bathurst, after making tho necessary preparations, I took a ticket for' Kolso',' tho nearest point to that city, distant 1-13 miles', price, first-class 'return; '£3 3s., or 'rather '£3. 2s.' lld., availnblo for a week.'. I propose to recoup for souio of this outlay bygiviug your readers a description of tho railway and tho country tra- versed by it, ns well.as the .yest of tho scouo of my investigations, Thero nye two traius tri Kelso (ono milo from Bathurst)'daily, 'one stortiug at 9 a.rii., and tho other (tho mail train) at 5 p.in. Tho firmer arrives at Kolso at. C.2 p.m.,! aud the latter at 12.-17 o.m., tho time occupied on tho journey being about eight, hours.' Tho commencement and terminus of tho Great Western and Southern and suburban linos is at Redfern, over half-a mile from tho post office, but a movement n's on footto extend them iuto Sydney itself. Surveys havo been mado aud a sum put upon tho esti- mates just about to bo submitted to Parliament' for tho work. The Sydney station is a fairly handsome and commodious ono, but the spaco at command for tho purposo is quito iundequato for tho requirements of so important a city. Recently a branch'liuo: from'? Redfern has been constructed to Darliug Harbor, whore a wharf exists, and-in time all tho heavy goods will bo taken there from ships' Bides, instead of their being allowod to bo carted through Sydnoy, to tho ruination of tho streets. There' aro also large goods sheds and ongino works near tho Btation,. but tho ground is too small for extensive operations. But to proceed on our journoy. Tho Great Western isa rail- way, and nothing moro; no innovations-have beou1 made. . There is a conservatism about it; tho carriages aro of tho same pattern almost, and built iu the same style?as far as accommodation is concerned?as those in uso twenty years ago, Other colonies havo adopted systems triocV elsowhero; but tho railways in New South Wales aro of- the plainest description. Victoria hos eopiod Auiorica, and oven Franco, in her railway economy, but wc remain in statu quo. . Why Bhould wo sit upon Htufi'y hot cushions on a blazing midsummer day when a cane Boat is so much bettor, cooler, and moro comfortable? The authorities pay no attention to our over-varying climate, tho same saloons which confine halt- frozen miserable pas- sengers in July, admit a thousand draughts, stille and half-choko us, and raider tho journoy a ponnneo, not to bo ondured except on tho sternest necessity?in January. 1 believe that tho department havo agreed to adopt tho plan of a patent car used iu America, but tho boast that they have dono so was made mouths ago, yet we hear of no commencement having been made. I see no reason why people who would pay for u comfortable bed ou nn eight hours' journey by. night, should bo forced to Bit bolt upright, half dead with Bleep?unable to read because there is not siifiicioni light?nuable to eonvorae because tho noise of tho whcols drowuB all sounds but their own?fagged to death ?ennuyed?miser- able?frozen to tho marrow, or stilled within an ace oi BufTcation. Thero ia ono glaring defect in our railway management?one which, though not exactly tho fault of tho depntlmont, reflects disgrace on the whole system, and which cries aloud for ro drcsEt, That is tho want of proper refreshment rooms on any of tho linos?north, Bouth, or wost. It is incredible that in thia age, with all our boasted civilisation, passengers aro kept for eight boura iii a train without being able to obtain nny spirituous nourishment. Tho first longth of railway laid in the colony was tho ono wo aro passing over?that to Parramatta, lt was opened in September, 1855, mid cost Bix times as much for tho fourteen milos as the con- fiding shareholders estimated tho whole exten- sion to Goulburn, tho terminus first determined upon?134 miles j and it has nineo been relaid at a further cost of from A'00,000 to .070,000, the cost per milo being over .i!00,000. Tho trains to Kelso do not atop till they reach Parramatta, there being a separate traffic between Sydney and Newtown, Petersham, Ash- field, Burwood, Homebush, tho Junction, and Windsor and Richmond. Tho lino is a double ono lo Parramatta, but beyond that point it is single. TrainH, of courso, pass each other at given points. The gauge is '1ft. SJin., and a doubled-beaded 751b. rail is used throughout our several liueB, Suburban Sydnoy is Been to advantage as tho train rattles along through these nts tn urbc a little way out of tho town. Hundreds of villas and neat cottages aro rapidly passed, with churches in n umbers, hotels, gar- dens, orchards, and other evidences of refine- ment and civilisation. One could make a pleas- ant ;nnd profitable tour through these places, especially when naturo puts on her gorgeous garbs. Beautiful as Sydney ia, visitors to it would find their visit mado wonderfully moro enjoyable by a ramble through tho quiet places in its vicinity.1 Forty-eight minutes take us to Pai-ramatta, 14 milos from Sydnoy, aa we havo made no fitay, except a minute or two at the Junction, where tho trains for Goulburn and the south branch off. Special mortuary trains also leave at stated intervala for Haalem's Croek, which is passed botween Sydney and Parra- matta. Parramatta is, strictly speaking, tho oldest township in tho colony, having borne ita name when Sydney was but a depot. It ia a queer old town, and well worthy of a viait, not only for tho rural beauty of tho surroundings, but for tho associations with tho early history of the colony. It has its gaol ; churches (old-fashioned buildings with burial grounds containing quaint epitaphs, and the graveH of notable old colonists), hotels, banks, and othor institutions, and returns two members to the Assembly. But we have no time to linger ; a few minutes and the guards are crying out, "Take your Boats, gentlemen I" After a fierce whistle, and a snort or two, tho engine tears away, and we go on another six miles, through a succession of orangeries, vineyards, mid farms, till Seven Hills platform and station are reached?not a very lively-looking spot, but thero ure homes in its vicinity, and I dare say somo of thoso who dwell in them think Seven Hills tho sweetest spot on earth ; and, when they aro in distant hinds, maybe will sigh as they call to mind the vine-embowered cottages, the rural walks, aud the associations ever inseparable from a country home. Home I curious word ; it is wonderful what a charm it has for most people. Why, I once Baw a heathen nigger blubber like a well- born Christian child at being taken off a bare sand-patch, because, forsooth, be had been born there ; yet he was being taken to tho beautiful Fi j is, to till cotton land aud associate with gentlemen planters. Two miles moro and we are at Blacktown, twenty-two inilca from Sydnoy. This is tho junction with the lino lead- ing to Windsor and Richmond, on the Hawkes- bury. It is Bixteen miles, I see, from Blacktown Junction to Richmond, and twelve to Windsor ; but we are bound weat, and push on to Rooty Hill, another three miles. Rooty Hill is a roud leading no one can see whore from the station. Then South Creek pulls us up, after we have gone another four miles through maro cham- pagne country and past more smiling homesteads. South Creek may be a very lively place, but I shouldn't care to Btop thero for moro than a month. From South Creek it is a pleasant five miles to Penrith, on the Nepean?an old fashioned city?tho capital of Emu Plains. I havo never seen more of it than I could ob- serve during a hurried run to the public-house at the corner, but I should j udge that it is Parramatta on a smaller scale ; duller if pos- sible; hopelessly dead, commercially Bpeaking, but a oozy, quaint, sleopy,; homely old placo, well beloved .ny: its youths aud old residents. Seen from the train aud the top of the moun- tains, Penrith is a picture ; tho builder has not crushed out nature ; greou troes, shrubs, aud flowers do battlo with wood, bricks and mortar, aud iu many instances achieve a victory. Tho straggling old streets aro deserted, oxeept by teams of bullocks wonding their way?thrusting out their tongues as if anxious to consult tho local medical practitioner as to their 6tate of health; and porhaps a fow horsemen aud foot-passengers leisurely lounging about. Tho real journey over the mountain should begin at Penrith, but a. platform pulls tho train up at Emu Plains. Leaving Penrith, tho lino crosses tho Nepean bridge or viaduct, 012 feet long, exclusively of iron and timber approaches. The Great Western-road is likewise taken over beside the railway. This part of tho country is subject to periodical floods, which make it lively for tho good people around. The Nepean is a broad stream, having its rise in the Blue Mountains, aud it runs from here and (under the name of the Hawkesbury) flows past Windsor and Richmond, and so on, through many a farm and meadow, to Broken Bay, where it falls into the Pacific. Emu Plains platform passed, the ascent of the Blue Mountains may be said to commence. We are here only 87 feet above the high water level of the water of Port Jackson. The train now begins the ascent on a gradient of 1 foot in 30, up the gorge leading towards Warrangamba - over Knapsack Gully viaduct - a gigantic structure 388 feet in length, with a height of 126 feet from its foundations to the rail level, built at a cost of £22,724. The scenery now becomes beautiful; but we must wait till the top of the Zigzag is reached before we get a perfect panorama. The eleven miles from Penrith were completed in December 1865, and cost £88,666 - this in- cludes the permanent way and ballasting. The view to the left of the line is very fine, the gully leading to the south- west is a grand bit of scenery. There is some scheme or project in hand to bring water down this gully for the supply of the metropolis; whether it will be matured or not, of course I cannot say. The foot of the mountain is thirty-six miles from Sydney, and we have been two hours on the road. Now we ascend the zigzag with a rush, leaving behind a portion of the heavy goods at the siding. The principle of the Zigzag is, of course, generally known; but, for fear of any- one being ignorant of it, I will, in a few words, doscribe the novel way of getting "over de mountains." Suppose the mountain to run South and North, the train rushes up an incline nearly parallel to it; it then runs off the rail on to another grading running nearly parallel in an opposite direction (pushed this time) till another line is reached, and another incline leads on to the ordinary course along tho top in the required direction. Lapstone Hill is the name of the particular portion of the Blue Mountain range reached by the zigzag. Once on its sum- mit, one of the most beautiful panoramas ever opened out by nature unfolds itself. Looking back, one sees at a glance wood, water, mountains, rivers, cultivation, wildness, quiet homes, grand expanses of plain and forest, all backed by the blue hills marking the sea- board. The Emu Plains, dotted with churches, villas, farm-houses, cultivated lands, the town of Penrith, and many clusters of buildings, which may be villages, and are perhaps pastoral home- steads; the centres of runs; all seem gems set in Emerald green. Tho Nepean winds its devious course along - sparkling and refreshing through many a peaceful meadow and bolt of timber. In fact it would be difficult to find a more beautiful picture than there presents itself - the very antithesis of the one to be seen further on from the spur of the range; a vast expanse of forest timber waving like valleys of corn, with here and there gigantic rocks and crags standing out to dispel the illusion. The engineering difficulties surmounted asto- nish and bewilder every engineer who visits the work. There are more gigantic operations in America, vaster cuttings and larger hills gone through in India and on the continent of Europe, but the whole idea and its performance make our Western Railway the wondor of the Southorn Hemis- phere. The idea of getting over a range in this way did not originate with Mr. Whitton, but its application here, and the energy and idomitable perseverance of the survey and con- struction reflect the greatest credit on "the Chief," his staff, and the different contractors. The air now, even in mid-summer, becomes dry and cold; liltlo wonder in four miles we have rison nearly 700 foot, aud ill six (ru, -.Witscoo's) over n- thousand. An aneroid barometer ciwriud in tho hand may bo. aeon rising, the index pro grossing liko tho hand of a watch. Tho Band box has to bo applied to enable tho wheels to bite tho railB. Hore, in the vicinity of WaRcoo'a, aro historic spots, "Cox's Downfall" aud Ellis' Toll , Bar, little patronised?tho moBt retired hermit might sue coed Ellis, and not have his seclusion broken by many passers through his gates. Springwood conies next to Wascoo's ; we aro still ascending us wo follow tho winding courso of tho main rungo, which divides tho tributaries of tho Nepean and Cox from thoso of tho Groso, At Springwood, forty-soven milos from Sydnoy, wo aro 1210 feet above tho lovel of the sen. Tho scenery han changed ; occasionally ono cnn look down on lo tho grand and awe-inspiring vnlloys, vast and sombre in their monotonous grandeur. Thero ia no cultivation now ; no happy, smiling homesteads ; no honest old fanners ; no groups of rosy-cheeked children, no anything but solitude, and grandeur, and wild magnificence, with miles irud nothing to bo seen hut solid cuttingH, and a wall of eucalypti, with at limed a blush pro- fusion of gorgeous (lowering shrubs ; tho beauti- ful waratah lifting its beautiful scornful hoad, mid moro lowly but na beautiful flowers meekly peeping out from the donso foliage-1. This is tho only track along tho mountains?go oil'the spur, and you may be a thousand foot down in a second. Ab it ia, thero are deep cuttings through sandstone racks, as hard almost as flint Within tho last month tho department havo run a special excursion train to this Bpot, al cheap faros, and many couutry snuta uro being built by the wealthy classos of Sydney. This twenty miles from Penrith has cost over £152,000 and cheap too you would say, if you calculate the cost of driving inch by inch at those mountain sentinels that stand in the road and would thrust you into the valleys below. You are now 1500 feet above the level of the sea, the aneroid up, I cannot say how many degrees, and the air piercing even in summer. More history - pass a sharp curve that makes you away in your seat; and by the side of the rails, and by the side of the old road too, rests the " bold Jack Donaghue." The bold Jack has a very unenviable noto- riety ; he was a gentleman of the road, and used to ease travellers of their super- fluous cash, and then ride down one of those precipitous wall-like gullies, and drink grog stolen from passing drays. He rioted it for many a day, idolised by the lovers of gallant, free-handed, reckless bushrangers, till he was shot dead- dead-dead by a trooper, and was buried by some of his admirers ; and there he lies, and the whistle of the train, and the whir- ring of the wheels, two or three times it day, are the only sounds that disturb the spot where bold Jack sleeps. Moro grand scenery, and Bull's Camp is passed. I can tell you nothing of Bull, except that he was a colonel in charge of a road party, and, I've no doubt, made tho blood flow merrily down tho backs of some of tho diiBporatc, reckless mon under him, when they played up, whilst tho via doloroso was being hewn out over tho Blue Mountains. Between Springwood and Wood- ford, tho next station, we rise 1000 feet, and are now 2000 above tho heads of tho good people of Sydney, sweltering in tho summer heat, whilst we are glad to pull up tho windows, aud yet aro but 50 miles away. We look back and can see Mount Vincent, that overlooks Newcastle, besides hundreds of minor peaks, and scores of miles of one unbroken mass of bluo hills, tim- ber, and rocks. Now wo aro* at Woodford. In- valids "porch" up here, and it is getting to bo a fashiouable resort. Ono of the Fairfaxes has a mansion here, and there is quite an air of liveliness about the place. We can now seo Mount St. Vincent plainly, and tho country about Newcastle. Thoro are romantic walks and wondeiful Bights at Woodford, and a Tasma- nian climate for enervated invalids, that restores them wonderfully. We are only three milos from the Blue Mountaiu station now, and in a few miuutes we draw up at that land-mark on the Great Western-road and Railway, fifty-eight miles from Sydney. There is a public-house hero close to the platform, tho only ono accessi- ble to the traveller along the linc. If.wo.wero in any other country but this, wo might get a littlo menu, and take it on to the Weatherboard, where tho plates might bo collected. ?. A stroll . even for a tow minutes here is of iuterest'to tho Bpoculativo mind. Thoro is tho Blue Mountain Inn, cashiered, disrated ;. what visiou3 of old times it conjures up I .the coach lumbering up with its smart Yankee driver, its guard, tho pas*, seugera alighting for a drink; tho. numerous, teams?tho bullock-drays crawling westward. with rations, or going down with wool. -.'¦,(¦ Thoy toll of a squnttor who started his teams. up and wont homo ; toured it through Great Britain and the Continent, and came hack and overtook thom at thia inn, soven months,out. Whore are they now ? Tho coaches rot in Cobb's yards, or their ironwork forms part of new coaches running to tho diggings ; the. teamsters or passengers ure dead, or may be driving from Bathurst; and tho old inn stands there gloomy and deserted. I should bo afraid to sleep there alone i I should seo ghosts of-drivers, bush* rangers, teamsters, aud passengers long departed, or hear tho "bail up" or/'woh, all. of yoi" There is not much time to moruliso, for we tumble in and pursue our tortuous course, going towards lill points of the compass,- as the spur deviates, tho cngino snorting and panting like a ? giant in distress, for wo are still rising.. It i3,on)yr ' four'miles to tho Weatherboard, but wo -'ascend' nearly 500 foot,.and aro sixty-two miles from Sydney. Some'beautiful'"falls" are in the neighborhood, and tho. tourists como hero .to commune with '"nature, and philosophers see ... ¦ "how little wo emmets'? appear." Then ?we''... go oil to' Crusher's?another four niilosT-.tho'f scouory about tho same grand old thiug.,' This1 fifteen miles from tho Blue Mountains has) cost £78)725. There is ii lovely valley,ppons out to our 'gaze, leading iuto Burrowgowang, some- thing to wonder.nt,' nud bo astonished''by. At Crusher's lhere is ii siding to let tho goods train got out of tho way, liko Dan Tucker/of sable song. Tho temperature is colder still?wo ore' now gotting lownrda Blackheath,' 73 milos'from Sydney,' Govott's Leap is in this"vicinity? Govett was a bushranger; and used to livo hore, and used to " bail up" tho coaches,' but he "mared-tho fnto of bold jack Donaghue. ' Pulpit Hill is now passed and tho eolubrated old polico barracks. Every inch of ground :has its legend?its talcs nf robbery, murder, and cruelty;^ Wo aro 3000 odd foot up in tho cold air now,' aye, nearly 3500, and look down on avast valley, called?na far aa I could' loam?Hcsaiubul._ Littlo Hartley is down there somewhere, and . wo can seo littlo .patches of bright green amidst-^i tho mass of troo-tops'and cliffs, tolling of culti-'"" vation, This is tho highest elevation, oxcopt at Clarence Tunnel, whero wo shall be 3053 feet ubovo high water, of spring tides nt Sydnoy. Wo skirt round tho eilgo of. thia gully or gorge, getting over mid anon glimpses of tho wild, rugged country below, and at last como to Mount* Victoria?77 milos from,Sydnoy?and with an5 elevation of 3120 foot. ? This is uuotller land)1 murk, lt was undecided ouco whether tho nam'o ol' tho station waa Mount Victoria or Vittoria, ' but an old map, plannod by Sir Thomas Mitchell, tho Surveyor-General of tho colony, and who gave it its name, decided tho ;ques- <, tion. Thu lino from hero runs¦ over tho »^6. ranges which divide tho watershed . of thu "'*-¦ r Lett and the Colo, from tho sources- of tho Grose. Mount Victoria ia tho station- at which passengers alight, bound for Hartley, threo miles distant. Tho trains bound east and *** west moot boro, and tho pnssougorB ofton pro- menade tho platform for it few uiumonts togothor. A littlo way from tho station is a good hotel and a small' township. There .is u tramway to tho kerosine shnlo works, a little way west of Mount Victoria. Thu shale is lifted from tho valley by a stationary engine, and at Hartley Vale, where thero iu a platform, tho branch lino which brings the coal from tho Hartley mine joins the Western Hallway. Thoro aro several companies formed to work tho Hartley mines, and, now tho rail way is extended to Kelso, tho coal finds a ready Bale in Bathurst. From Mount Victoria wo got a good view of tho round wu havo como ;. ' tho white lino marking thu railroad ninnes out v amidst tho dark rocka and groou trees only a "" few miles away, yet wo have como a scoro ut least. Thia is tho only puss from rango to range,.. and Clarence Tunnel cuts through1 tho range be- tween Dargiu's Creek and Brown's Rivor. Tho cost of this booIIuii (15 miles 75 chains) was, ox clusivo of rail and station, £187,73-1, so tho ? magnitude of tho work may bo imagined. The Clarence. Tunnel goon 539 foot through solid rock, and is lined with masonry, beside ? which ' Ibero uro seventy-four culverts of an aggregate length of 31 IC feet. SO 1,553 cubic yards of stuff-, -wore excavated, 421,007 being rook. '?--... [to ni: CONTlNUni.J 