VICTORIAN MEMS. A man named Charles Bunker, an old resident of Tnllwt, was discovered drowned in n dam at Balkrat-hill, ou Monday. The deceased was found in about 2ft. of water, and is supposed to have fallen in whilst in a fit. Last Sunday night Louis M'Guii», a harvest man, supposed to have lieen under the influence of drink, fell into a clay pit 121't. deep, and broke his neck. He died immediately. The hole was within 150 yards of the main road. The jury censured the" town authorities for allowing such dangerous holes to exist near public thoroughfares. The Melbourne correspondent of a contemporary says :—" Kauri gum has hitherto been found only in New Zealand, and there only in the comparatively desert northern portion of the province of Auckland. I have, however, been shown a specimen lately obtained in New Caledonia by a speculative visitor from Melbourne. If the gum exists in quantity, the discovery will be an important oue ibr this French colony. Two gentlemen of piscatorial proclivities engaged a boat and a seine net a few eveuin«s ago at Sorrento, and within four hours obtained over three basketfuls of fish, and that within a few hundred yards of the hotel. There were 15 varieties caught—viz., rock cod, flathead, sand eels, leather jacket, flounders, soles, pike, garfish, squid, ruflies, mullet, whitebait, dog fisfi, toad fish, and devil fish. This proves the variety and abundance of fish in the bay. The flounders, soles, pike, and garfish were large and in excellent condition. The Maryborough Advertiser thus heralds the return of Sir William Stawell to the bench :— " The assize court opened on Tuesday before his Honor Sir W. Stawell, Chief Justice, who looked remarkably well after his recent trip, and who brought his wonderful intelligence and clearness of intellect to bear on the intricacies of several difficult cases tried, and in such a way as to make the auditors in court wonder at his extraordinary and acute judicial faculties. A very rational addition has been made to the ladies' compartments of some of the carriages running on our railway lines. The addition (we learn from the Courier) consists of gutta percha sunshades, similar to those in use in India. The shades cqme down to about half the length of the window, and bulge out sufficiently to admit of an abundance of air and light into the carriage. No doubt the improvement will be gradually extended to all the carriages, since its utility is so obvious. Within the last day or two it has been whispered in certain circles that Ballarat is likely to contribute shortly to the Divorce Coart an interesting case of scan. may. The petitioner (the Courier remarks) is said to be a wealthy country resident, who has lately come into large estates, and the respondent is a young lady who has been residing in Ballarat for some weeks past. The story is that the wealthy country resident married about three years ago, and that within the last three months circumstances have come to his knowledge which lead bim to suspect the fidelity of his spouse. There is likely, too, to be a corespondent in the person of a local Lothario. Considerable alterations are going on in the old Exhibition building, Melbourne, and it is doubtful if ever another show can take place there. The principal annexe is being converted into a theatre of science, where a large audience can be seated to hear scientific lectures from time to time. The new theatre will be in connection with the Government laboratory, and Mr. Newberry will have offices on one side—which are much needed —and Mr. Ulrich on the other. The chief among the Commissioners in effecting this change has been Dr. Bleasdale, who is also now fairly established in the building, in a small laboratory or "work shop" of his own. This alteration is being effected with savings from the Vote for Exhibition purposes. It has often been a moot point amongst the legal profession as to whether a racecourse is a public place within the meaning of a section of the Police Offences Statute. Last week an application was made to Mr. Justice Stephen, in Chambers, for a writ of prohibition to restraiu the magistrates at Sandhurst from enforcing an order made against one gentleman for assaulting another on the Marong racecourse, and which entailed a fine of £1 and £4 4s. costs. The question was further argued on the following day before Mr. Justice Stephen who, feeling some doubts about it, granted the order nisi for a prohibition, making it returnable next term. ' The principal grouuds upon which the application was based were that the public had not free access to the racecourse at all times, that it was fenced in, and admission only permitted on payment of entrance money. The Sorrento Villa of the late Mr. M. O'Grady, known as Villa Maria, was brought to the hammer last week, but the bids not coming up to the reserve price no nale was effected ; the highest Mtti offered was £1350. A correspondent of the Campcrdoivn Chronicl remarks" The existing Assembly will run its term for at least this session. There will be no summary dissolution. But I should not like to lay a heavy wager that, once prorogued, this House will be summoned by vice-regal command to meet again for the dispatch of business." On Friday night week the dead body of a woman was found in a closet in the Eastern Market, The corpse was removed to the Melbourne morgue, where it was subsequently identified as that of Annie Maloney. a woman who five years ago kept the Rose of Denmark Hotel, in Little Bourkc-street west, but had of late sunk very low, and become a vagrant. In the course of the recent operations for the recovery of the Cook's Straits telegraph cable, those on board the Luna had the novel pleasure of Gshing by steam. A baited hook having been attached to* the deep sea lead-line, at the 120 fathoms cast, an enormous bapuka (over 1001b.) was hooked, and the line, we are told, was hauled in by the donkey-engine with such velocity that on reaching the surface the fish was quite dead, " and its great eyes were glaring out or its head" —with astonishment, no doubt. A member of the Ancient Order of DruidR, forgetting how ghostlike his attire when in full regalia, recently went out of a lodge at Belfast, to seek a brother ancient. He had no sooner gone into the 6treet than the larrikins took him for a ghost and raised au alarm which brought stalwart gentleman with a strong stick to the rescue. The Druid beat a retreat, but determined to punish the disturber of the public peace, the gentleman, not being aware of the meeting of Druids, burst open the door of the lodge when numerous ghostlike figures caused him, in his turn to skedaddle. An old man named Michael Flynn, narrowly escaped drowning in the bay on Saturday morning. The old man is a fisherman, and proceeded in a boat from Williamstown to the Sandridge side to pursue his calling. He remained fishing until about dusk, when he started for home, but the wind had risen considerably, and he had to let the boat drift. After floating about until near midnight his frail boat stranded between St Kilda and Brighton. He tried to get ashore, but could not, as the back wash carried nim out again, but iu a few moments he was washed in, and, as he supposes, became insensible, as he found himself lying on the sand some time afterwards, feeling very much exhausted. He went to Melbourne, ana from there to Williamstown. The police at Brighton had reported finding the boat at E! sternwick, and, consequently, fears were entertained of the fisherman's death, which were dispelled upon his arrival at the " fishing village." AtClunes there resides a discharged patient from the Kew Lunatic Asylum, by name Sirs. Scott. Her account of the treatment experienced by patients is most deplorable, and fully corroborates the charge of cruelty brought against several of the attendants. Mrs. Scott is a woman of fair education, and an old resident of Chines, and her statement, as given to a representative of the Chines Guardian, is a distinct and intelligent version, spoken in a manner that places beyond doubt any suspicion of aberration of intellect She went to the asylum on Thursday, 15th October, 1874, and before three days had elapsed one of the female attendants knocked out five of her teeth, simply because she reproved her for ill-using another patient. She deposes in detail to a number of acts of cruelty practised by the attendants, whose names she is willing to suj to the board of enquiry now sitting. Pai ticul also, are given of the filthy condition of patients and linen used by them, and of the (kinking of intoxicating liquors by attendants. The woman's statement is indeed an extraordinary one, apparently truthful, and worthy of further enquiries by the board now investigating into the management of the asylum. The Melbourne correspondent of the Cippsland Mercury writes :—I wish that I could give one half of the scandals which are going the rounds of the city. If it were possible to give the evidence given at the inquest on James Morrison, the young solicitor, who died suddenly in his chambers on Friday night week, while closeted with a governess, who was a client of his, it would create a sensation. But that must rest in obscurity. The next item on the list is the De Murska business. Since the marriage of the great singer to Mr. Anderson, the most extraordinary rumors have been flying about, and from what I hear Mdlle. De Murska is entitled to the very deepest sympathy. Owing to the defection of Mr. Pratt Mr. Anderson was engaged, and the beautiful, prima donna fell in love with her young and clever pianist, who was, by-the-bye, a good looking fellow. When he went to Sydney with her he took very ill, and was watched day and night by the beautiful lady. After that they were married. But there was a lather and "mother and a whole family who were to be considered, and it appears that they were irate at the aftair. Shortly after marriage, Mr. Anderson took ill again, and when he arrived in Melbourne he became very bad indeed. He has chronic disease of the heart and dropsy. Marriage is, of course, very fatal to persons who are afflicted with cellular disease of the heart. The doctors now declare that Mr. Anderson may not live ten days. But the crowning work is the fact that a few days since Mr. Anderson was removed from his wife's house and taken to his father's residence. His wife is forbidden to see him, and as Mdlle. De Murska is passionately fond of the young gentleman, it may be imagined how poignant her grief is. The hop-picking season lias opened {says the Baimdalc lah Courier„ Courier), and pickers are wanted on each of the plantations; M Messrs. Blyth, H'Leod, Howitt. and Grove are advertising for them. From the weather we have had, and the present appearance of the plants, there is every chance of large yields being obtained on the various plantations this season. The weekly abstract of births and deaths e registered in" the metropolitan and suburban registration districts during the week ending Saturday, 19th ult, shows that there were 173 births and 136 deaths. Thirteen deaths from scarlet fever are reported. Ot the total deaths, 69, or 50*7 per cent, were of children under the age of three years, 59 being under one year. Some of the fair sex in the metropolis arc acquiring knowledge in aquatics. On a Saturday afternoon many of them can be seen indulging in a quiet row on the river. An eye witness informs us that be has seen a well-known actress and popular operatic singer, with others of her own sex, becomingly attired in sailor costume, out in a four-oared and " feathering " in the most finished style. A cricket match was played at Sorrento last Sunday afternoon, in which a prominent ex- Mavor of Melbourne and two other equally prominent citizens took part One of the incidents of the gauie was that of the ex-Mayor trying to defend his wicket with his hat (a belltopper). The ball went through the crown of the hat, and the gay former representative of the Melbourne Corporation wore the lining of his bell-topper during the remainder of his innings. The following having reference to one of the oprietors of the Argus appears among " Tittle tattle" in on English paper received by the mail:—Of late years acclimatisation has made ogress in England, but few persons have any idea to what an extent it may be developed, even by people of ordinary resources. A gentleman named Wilson, who lives near Bronuey, in Kent, not only grows many rare foreign plants and flowers in the open air, but in his pleasuregrounds are emus and kangaroos. On a small island in an artificial lake monkeys may be seen during the summer time, loose and free as in their native homes. This same gentleman, who once lived iu Melbourne, has stocked that part of Aus tralia with the English thrush, and he has also shipped glowworms out there. The San Francisco correspondent of the Queenslander writes :—" Many persons in Australia will be pleased to hear that Mr. Geo. Fawcett Rowe, so favorably known as an actor in Melbourne and elsewhere, has made a great impression in New Rowe's performance, says :— 4 He is an artist possessing both knowleage and talent, and his portraiture of Micawber must be accepted as an extraordinary piece of realistic art, informed by a cultivated mind, and made singularly humorous by the simplest and most unobjectionable means.' Mr. Rowe will shortly pay a visit to California, and in all probability will once more cross to his old 'stamping ground' in Australia. Barry Sullivan, altera comparative failure in New Fork, is doing the tour of the States, being accompanied by Mr, J. F, Cathcart, and is finding ah number of admirers than greeted him in metropolis." It is worth while asking (says the Ballarat Star) whether the practice in vogue in our police courts in not allowing a Chinese suitor an interpreter unless he pays for that official's services is strictly in accordance with British judicial fairplay. In our courts of justice liberty to be heard is supposed to be every man's right; but in the town court on Thursday an unfortunate Celestial, somewhat remarkably for a debtor, named. Oh You, found be could only be heard on dubbii down the fee of an interpreter. This he declini te do, and the Court heard the action tor debt in which he was concerned without one, the defendant being allowed to pick up what was going on as he best could. The verdict went against him, and in all probability justly so, but it was clear that he had a very limited knowledge of what was being said, or how to express himself, and might have suffered injustice. A small sum per year ought to secure the services of the Chinese interpreter in all civil cases, so that the Court may not be led into doing any injury to Chinese suitors. The Drysdale Blondin made his debut one day last week, in a very large marquee, 80 feet by 40 feet, erected in Mr. Collins's paddock, Drysc in the presence of a fair attendance, which un douotealy wonld have been much larger had the entertainment been properly advertised, aud there is no denying the tact he is really a wonder, Everything that the Australian Blondin did here on a thick rope this one-armed youth—for he is only 22 years of age—does on an ordinary fencing wire, not so thick as a man's little finger; nay, on it he performs even more difficult feats. Backwards and forwards with a basket on each foot, he walks as steadily as though on a substantial plank instead of on a wire which, last night, owing to the lighting not being so good as it might have been, could not be seen. The man actually appeared to be walking on nothing, suddenly he kicked, off one oi the baskets, balanced himself on one foot, and caught the basket again on the foot which it had originally hidden from view. With two black-wooa balls, weighing some fourteen pounds each, suspended, one to each leg, he jogged along his hempen causeway—for he also walks aloug a rope not two inches in diameter—as coolly as though on terra firma. The chair trick, an ordinary American chair being used, was done with consummate ease. Donning a crinoline, he danced along the wire, all sorts of positions did he throw himself into, and our informant, who has seen both Blondins, says they were clever enough, but will soon have to hide their diminished heads, the Drysdale man being a marvel. Contributions axe treely being given the expense fund of the officer* of the Mining Department It is expected that £500 willbe required. Another large fire occurred last Sunday night at the Breakwater, Geelong, when Fowlejja woolscouring and fellmongery establishment wai totally destroyed. The fire commenced at 8 o'clock, and everything was burned before the brigades got out the three miles. The work* insured in the Imperial office for £500. " The land laws of New South Wales are attracting the attention of a considerable number of our farming aad industrial population," says the Claim Guardian. " Inquiries are constantly being made at this office by persons who all announce their intention of leaving for the neighboring colony to take up land. Thus is Victoria losing the best portion of her' bone and sinew,' whilst our legislators are quarrelling for office and pay." A rosy-cheeked and rather handsome young Chinese lady, with a good-looking little child, came down (says the Ballarat Star) on Friday week by the tram from Maryborough, and were the observed of all observers at the station. They were both handsomely dressed iu Chinese costume ; and as a Chinese, whom we presume was the husband, was bargaining with a cabman, the lady's assertive volubility of speech seemed to show that she was really of Tartar origin. A trial was made on Monday afternoon at Phair's Hotel, Coliins-street, of a new and veiy simple washing- machine. The machine, which is called the Laundress's Friend, consists of a large sized tin funnel, the front of which is divided into seven chambers. To the small end of the funnel is attached a long handle. The clothes are prepared for washing in the usual manner, and the machine is worked in the B&me; manner as a butter churn. The cleansing is done by the comressed air forcing the dirt through the clothes, Pt is stated that by this machine the clothes can be washed in one-fourth the time and with greater ease. Some very dirty articles were tried, and iu the course of a few minutes they were taken out in very creditable condition. The agents for the machine which only costs a few shillings, are Messrs. Newell and Co. A new four-oared racing gig has just been completed for the Argus Rowing Club by Mr. W. T. Greenland, of Prince's-bridge. It is an excellent specimen of modern boatbuilding, and reflects great credit on the builder. The boat, which is built of very fine cedar, measures 43ft in length, with a beam of 3ft 4in., and weighs about 1Mb. It is fitted with all the latest improvements, the sculls being imported from the workshops of Messrs. Tozer, of Teddington, England. The boat was launched on Saturday last, when the ceremony of christening her was performed in the orthodox manner by breaking a bottle of champagne over the bows. The trial "spin" proved very satisfactory. The Argus Club intend entering a crew for the Maiden Gig Baoejit jthe forthcoming regatta, when the merits of the new boat will be thoroughly tested. A fire broke out on Saturday morning between 12 and 1 o'clock on the farm of Mr. John Carton, situated near the Sydney road, Coburg, resulting in the total destruction of a stack of hay, containing about sixty tons. The flames spread rapidly along the stack, and owing to the want of a long hose all efforts made by those present to subdue the flames was futile. A telegram having been sent to the Metropolitan Brigade, was quickly responded to, and on their arrival they set towork with a will. A capital supply ot water was obtained from the new 18in. main laid on last year from the Preston Reservoir, but the fire was not subdued till between 4 and 5 o'clock. Mr. Carrou was insured in the Norwich Union Company for £150. The estimated value of the stack was about £400. At present no cause can be assigned for the origin of the fire. Clunes churches are evidently in a bad state. Something must be wrong for within the past few weeks three clergymen have resigned their pastoral charges. The Rev. J. E. Herring, of St. Paul's, has accepted the office of official secretary and registrar ot the diocese of Ballarat, and left Clunes last Wednesday to assume his new position. Owing, I believe (writes a correspondent of the Star), to an unwarrantable interference with his duties by one or two members of the congregation, the Rev. W. B. Hutchison has determined to resign bis charge of the Presbyterian Church, over which he has arduously and faithfully presided for tour years. The Rev. J. F. Horsley, Wesleyan Minister, proceeds to England by the ship Sobraon, having obtained twelve months leave of absence. AU these reverend gentlemen are held in high estimation by the people ot Clunes, and regret is general at parting with them. The remarkable revelations in connection with the Mining Department remind us of a tale ot the department that recently came to our ears from a private source. It is said that a Castlemaine man, or a man near there, had a mining lease and certain moneys forfeited, and atter repeated applications to the department, could get no redress, although he believed he had been unjustly treated. Suspecting that Mr. Mackay, the Minister then in power, knew little or noting of the merits of the case, he resolved toflpi see the Minister himself. On going toJMTO* the secretary endeavored to put him off, but me applicant forced his wav into the Minister s room, and told his story. The secretary, who w» present, gave the applicant the lie, and me applicant, unlike the terror-stricken clerks, « once "gave the secretary a good hammering, a® our informant phrases it, and not only that; but got the. redress he sought at the hands of the Minister. The story comes to us from so good a source tnai we are disposed to think it true, and we are curious to know if the pungent little ^episode w likely to come out in formal shape during present enquiry into the hitherto dark history oi the doings of the department. A latge sbool of fish, said to be a species of bonita, were fallen in with by the schooner Eliza Marp, oil her passage from Oamaru, when about 400 miles E.3.E. of Gape Howe. The sea was liberally olive with them, and they followed the vessl until she arrived at the outskirts of the Strife. They took bait freely, and a large number were caught. A correspondent of a Ballarat paper writes :— " It is currently reported in Clunes that Mr. Berry and Mr. Woods, whilst passing through Ballarat on their route to Stawell, had on interview with Mr. John Palmer, of ' boo-hoo' notoriety, and that experienced - agitator was instructed to prepare a petition for signature calling upon the Queen to remove Sir George F, Bowen from the Governorship of Victoria. People naturally ask, has the Governor's refusal to dismiss his present advisers anything to do with this* move on the board V " It will be not probable that the Brough Smyth enquiry will pass without some attempt on the part of other departments to shake off their oppressors, and we hear that the officers of one of tne largest departments of the State are at present engaged in reviving their recollections of petty incidents to bring as accusations against their governing head. The chafes have not as yet been dressed into shape, but in a few davs we may expect to hear that they will bear fruit, and that another commission will be asked for. A few months since Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg, of Collins-street, purchased from Mr. Charles E. Pratt, who came here as pianist with Mdlle. De Murska, the right to publish in Australia a song which Mr. Pratt had composed, " Is my darling true to me V now being sung by Miss Alice Dunning Lingard at the Theatre Royal, Their edition was about to appear when Mr. W. H. Glen, of Collins-street, published the song, with alterations, from the American edition. Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg, however, consider this an infringement of their right, and the lawyers have been consulted on the point. Chinese lepers (says the Star) are a physical dread in any community, but what of the social leprosy John Chinaman has introduced in our midst, in the form of lottery banks. Shall it not also be stamped out ? Some very curious facts have recently been published on this subject of lottery banks, which are flourishing in the verv heart of our metropolis. We are apt to read these accounts in an off-hand manner, soothing ourselves with the hope that the statements may be exaggerated, and if they should not have "been intruded on our own individual notice, we are content to ignore them. But now the evil has grown exceedingly, for as many as 46 agents' shops for sale of tickets exist in a small area, and they are known to be doing a large business. In one of our chief thoroughfares, along a length less than 250 yards, seven lottery shops flourish, aujjUflten in Great Bourke-street there are other two ot these gambling hells. Some ten years ago we had not alotterv bank amongst us, and now there are ten, which each draw a lottery daily. These are fed by the agencies, and are increasing rapidly every year, even monthly, so lucrative is the little game of the heathen Chinee. Unfortunately the customers to these places are recruited from the ignorant non-reading classes, who, as a rule, cannot make any calculation for themselves as to the tremendous odds against them, and though the lower prizes are said to be only ? 15 to I against the investor, the chances against getting the higher prizes are increased in geometric ratio, being 800,000 to I againBt the second highest priee, and eight millions to 1 against the absolute highest, which is of course never won, and if gained would be only in some insignificaut ratio to the risk ran. Indeed it is computed that not much above 10 per cent, of the investments are paid out again as prizes ; and that our mechanics, and all our various industrious workers, are laid under tribute, and their wagers drained into the coffers of these cunning Mongolians, who, finding our clumsy law meshes wide enough for their own escape, more and more openly trap their victims. Surely such a flagrant demoralisation deserves a strist and sharp law of repression that cannot be evaded. 