THE HAUNTED HOUSE:' oR TIlE SHkDQW AT RIVER HALL. hr Mao.s J. H. RWDHLL, AirrsOa Oe A LIEres AsizE, OEonene Gsal, eo. : : OhaPTER VIII (Co seIsUD). * PunrosuLY I had left my return till rather late. 'I had gone to one of the theatres; cud had remained until a third through. the principal piece. Then . cailed ut a supper room, had half a dozen oysters and some stout; after which, like a giant refreshed, I wended sy way westward. Utterly false would it be for me to say 1 liked the idea of entering the Flaunted House; but still, I meant to do it and 1 did. Io law books for me that night; no seductive fire: no shining lights all over the house. Like a householder of twenty years' standing, I struck a matcel and turned the gas on to a single hall lamp. I did not trouble myself even about shutting the doors opening into the hall; I only strewed flour copiously over tle niarhble paveineit and on the first flight of stairs, and then, by the servant's passages, ezept into the upper story, and so to bed. That night I' slept areamoiessly. I awoke in bIroad daylight, wondering why I had not been called ssoner, and that ifI required hot water, I mnst oil it for myself. With that light heart which:- comes after a good nights rest, I put on some part df myoclothingind was commencing to descend the principal staircase, when mny proceedings of the previous night flashed across my minid; hsand pausing I looked down iiito'the hall. No sign of a foot on' the flourI . The 'white powder lay there innocent of humian pressure as the uitrodden snow: 'and yet, and yet, was I dreaming---could' I have been drunk without my own knowledge before I went to bed? The gas was ablaze in the h'il and on' the staircase; and every door left. open, over night wase loseo' uhut" Curiously enough, at that moment fear fell from me like a garment :which has served its turn, aridino the strength of m'y'm"inaihbod, I felt'abld to face any thiugnthe Haunted Houose mightlihve to show. Ovor the:latter part of that week, as bein~iutterly uniimportant ini its: events or ecsequciles; I' pass, rapidly, only sayi.g Lhat when Saturday.came, I fol lowsd Miunro's advice, and ran down to Brighton, Under the idea that by so doidn'g I should thoroiughly strengthen' mysilf. for the eikt five days'. ordeal: But( the ide:a was an.: mistakl.en-dno;ne. The Haunted House took its ticket for Brighton by tee sime edxpress: 'it got into the compartment wiith me; and it sat-beside me at dinner; .it hob-nob to nie:o?ove'r my own wine; uninvited it canieout: to walk with me; and wheneI ated' still, listening to the band,., it stoodlstidlhto. It wont with me to tilhe psiorand when .the wind blow,' as .the widd did, ii's aid, "We were, quite as well off bia the'*Thomes;"~: '**"'' ' ---·I; Einhlly,'I?iras 'a goaded and mid dedled that I'shookmy fist at the sea, and stanred off by ithe evening train for 'the Hrsiited' House. this, ?timo I 'travelled alone.- The Haunted House preceded me. The're .in its old position, looking glomy'y'and mysterious ih the shadows of night,.I found it on my return to town;.'and, as if tired of playing tricks with' one who had became indifferent to th0ir vagaiies, all the doorsremained prei?sely as I had left them; and if there were ghosts in the house that night, they did not interfere with me or the chamber I occupied. Next morning, while I was dressing a --most remarkable thing occured; a thing for which I was in no wise pre pared Spirits, and sights and sounds supposed appropriate to spirithood, I had expected ; but for a m'dest knock a- the front door I was not prepared. When, after hurriedly completing my toilette, I undrew the bolt and undid the chain, ahd opened the door wide, there came rushing into the honso ankeen eitasterly wind, behind which I beheld a sad-faced woman, who dropped me a c?irtsey, and said: . "If you please, sir-I suppose you are the gentleman ?" Now, 'I could make nothing out of this, so I asked her to be good enough to explain. Then it all came out : ." Did I want a person to char ?" . This was-remarkable very. Her question amazed me to such an extent that I had to ask her in, and request her to seat herself on one of the hall chairs, and go upstairs myself, and think the matter over before I answered her. It had beenso impressed upon me that no one in tbe'neighbourhood would come nearRiver Hall, that I should as soon have thought [of Victoria by the grace of God paying me a friendly visit, as of being waied on by a charwoman. I went downstairs again. At sightof me my inew acquaintance rose from her seat, and began curling up the corner of her apron. " Do yenou know," I said, "that this I .house bears the reputation of being haunted ?" " I have heard people say it is, sir," she answered. :'" And do you know that servants ktill not stay in it-that tcnnants will noot occupy 'it ?" ' 'I have heard so, sir," she answered once again. " Then what do you mean by offering oId come ?" I inquired. To be Continued. "You told me, neighhour Twist, when I paid Tim in advance, on his promising to work for me in haymaking time, that I should find him as good as his word. ""To boe saure I did, for I always know his word was good for nothing." 