NEWS OF THE DAT. Sir Jas. M'Culloch is evidently seriously impressed with the possible, if not the pro- able result of the action of the Opposition in the Assembly, and has commenced a pro- cess of retrenchment in a direction not lit all likely to prove popular. Jn the course of his late election campaign at Warrnam- bool, the Premier, when questioned respect ing the working of the Kducation Act, spoke of it as a very expensive experiment. He has, we understand, taken steps which lead to the inference that he is no particular friend of a system which necessarily involves a large outlay of money annually. Orders have been given that no more contracts shall be accepted for the present in connection with the Education department ; and at the same time the services of seven draughts men hare been dispensed with. The Attorney-General has so far received no intimation from the Acting Chief Justice of his intention to apply for leave of absence. As already stated, it is highly improbablo that Sir Redmond Barry will resign his scat on the bench, however urgent or necessary it may be for his Honor to bo present at Philadelphia when the exhibition open. The Acting Chief Justice is for tho present spending his vacation in an adjoining colony. Free-trade principles are not to havo sway in New South Wales as far aB tho banking interest is coBcerned. Recently a telegram from Sydney appeared in our columns stating that the banks had re solved to raise the interest on deposits. No information was given as to whether this notion wonld be taken by all the banks, or only by some of them, who were anxious to obtain the deposit of sums of money on which they could operate. The probability is that the latter was the case, and that bank competition was going to commence in New South Wales similar to that which prevailed in Victoria some months ago. if so, the rivalry for public patronage is not likely to continue much longer, for last .night's tele grams from New South Wales state that a meeting of bank managers was held yesterday in Sydney for the purpose of securing uniform ity iu the transaction of banking business. Free-trade in goods and plenty of compoti. tion is, it seems, to be the rule in Few South Wales, but free-trade in banking, and fair competition, the Sydney money ring decidedly object to. It will be seen by our South Australian telegram that the Com missioners of Savings' Banks in that colony have decided to pay five per cent, peranuum on the moneys deposited with them for the year 1S75. A meeting of the Victorian Protection League was held last night, when delegates from the Richmond, Sundridge, Hotliam, Prahran and Carlton branches were present. An animated discussion took place upon the present aspect of affairs, and the following resolution was carried "That the branch leagues and the large centres of popu lation throughout the colony be re quested to hold themselves in a state of readiness to send down delegates and deputations to co-operate with the people of Melbourne and suburbs in mnking a great demonstration in this city to encourage the minority in the Assembly in their intended action to vindicate and maintain responsible and constitutional government." A discus, sion upon the question as to the best means of preventing a division of the Liberal vote at the next general election was commenced, and adjourned until the next meeting of the league, on Tuesday evening next. No further information has been received in the Mining department in reference to the reported discovery of a coal seam in the neighborhood of Mansfield ; and the reluc tance of the alleged discoverers to come forward and furnish the Government with more definite particulars of the hidden treasure encourages the now generally re ceived supposition that the reported dis covery is a myth. The victorious team of New South Wales cricketers, left Melbourne yesterday for Sydney. They took their departure from the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, Elizabeth. street, at about one p.m., in a four-in-hand, accompa nied by a number of friends, who occupied other vehicles. They drove to Sandridge, where they were met by a numerous com pany of the admirers of cricket. When the steamer Alexandra steamed away from the pier the New South Wales men were ac corded a round of hearty parting cheers, and the Victorians in response received a similar farewell salute from the deck of the steamer. Mr. Thomas Kendall also took his departure for Sydney by the Alexandra. A railway accident, fortunately attended with no loss of life, occurred on the main line, immediately outside the Spencer-street station, yesterday afternoon. The Ballarat passenger train, due at 3.41, on entering the station, punctual to her time, came into collision with the Essendon train, which hAd arrived a few minutes previously, and, having discharged her passen- gers, was shunting into a siding, which necessitated traversing the arrival road. The engine of the Essendon train was about to cross the line as that of the Ballarat train reached the junction. The violent collision which ensued threw the Ballarat engine off the roadway, and severely shook the passengers, four of whom sustained bruises and cuts, which necessitated their removal to the Melbourne Hospital. The rails form- ing the junction were torn up and broken, and the engines suffered to such an extent that, on inspection, it was found necessary to despatch them to Williamstown for repair. Tlie driver of the Essendon engine received a severe shock, which rendered him in- capable of taking further charge of his ensine, while the driver of the Ballarat train escaped unhurt. Care lessness on the part of the signalman sta. tioned near the arrival platform is alleged to be the main cause of the accident. The signals were placed at " all right," and the Ballarat train was permitted to advance, whereas its progress should have been ar rested by a danger signal, as the siding was already occupied by the train from Essen. don. It is not long since the semaphore was placed in the neighborhood where the acci dent occurred. The Ballarat engine com pletely obstructed the departure traffic, which, up till a quarter past seven o'clock, when all traces of the accident were finally removed, under the supervision of Inspector Pointing, had to be worked by means of sidings. Mrs. A. K. .Smith will receive visitors to. day at the Town Hall between three and five p.m. and between the same hours on the first Wednesday in each month. The usual weekly meeting of the commit tee of the Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday afternoon ; Mr. Phillips in the chair. A letter was received from Dr. Webb, withdrawing his letter to the com mittee with reference to a disagreement be tween himself and Dr. Duncan, and stating that they had mutually agreed to settle dif ferences. Dr. Duncan's resignation was accepted. The application of Dr. Llewellin for permission to transfer from the medical to the surgical side of the house was refused, with great regret, it being contrary to the rules, Dr. Llewellin not possessing the necessary diploma. The election of a suc cessor to Dr. Duncan was fixed for the 'Jnth inst. The -tender of Messrs. Keogh, Long- stafl'and Co., for drugs and spirits of wine, was accepted. The secretary reported the state of tne house to be as follows : — Week euding 1st January : Admitted, in-patients, 7S; new cases, out patients, 17f> ; do. casualties, 200 ; total for the week, 453 ; deaths, 14 ; discharges, 30 ; number of patients in hos pital, 331. Contrary to general antici- pation, the Beaney oase did not come before the committee yesterday, as Dr. Youl had net forwarded the rider of tho jury with regard to the future enforcement of the rules of the institution. There was a very good attendance, aud had the matter been "brought up, a lively discussion would have iu all probability ensned. The gentlemen on the medical side of the Melbourne Hospital have always looked for ward to being allowed to fill tho vacancies which might occur on the surgical side, and', following precedent, Dr. Llewellin formally applied yesterday for the post of resident surgeon, about to be vacated by Dr. Duncan. The committee, however, decided that, although they had broken the rules of the institution on previous occasions, they must draw the lino somewhere, and informed Dr. IJewellin that, although deeply regretting it, they were unable to accede to his request. Dr. Gillbeo pointed out that it was rather hard for the young men, who had probably looked forward to the chance of transferring, to be prohibited from so doing without any warning. It is hoped that some alteration iu the rule will be made to remedy the apparent injustice which prevents gentlemen, who may be known to possess all the qualifications re quired, from accepting a post without a diploma, which the Melbourne University does not at present confer. The inquest upon the unfortunate man Michael Quinlan was held at the Mel bourne Hospital yesterday, by Dr. Youl. The evidence showed that Mr. John Foley, an hotelkeeper in Bourke-street, dragged the deceased out of his house, and threw him violently into the gutter, and then left him there. Deceased was taken to the liospital, where tho real nature of liis injuries does not seem to have been ascertained, and thence to the watchhouse, and subscquently to the hospital again. Tlie post mortem ex. aminntiou proved that the spine was frac tured, and the jury returned a verdict that deceased met his death by means of direct violence at the hands of John Foley. The coroner committed Foley for trial on the charge of manslaughter, bail being allowed and procured. Tbe bon. Neil Black's Mount Noorat herd was submitted yesterday to competition, on the estate of that gentleman, near Terang. Tbe sale, as will be seen by our telegraphic report, was not so successful as might have been expected, the pedigree bulls averaging only £175, and tbe heifers £124 each. Very few buyers from other colonics were pre sent, and a large number of tho cattle re mained unsold. Tbe disappointment ex perienced by the postponement on a recent occasion, together with the disputes rc pedigrees, and the near approach of Messrs. Robertson's annual sale at Colac, no doubt militated to some extent against the success of tho affair. It seems that Mr. John Curtain is not to have a walk-over in Gipps Ward after all. In another column Mr. W. Stutt announces his intention of offering himself as a candi date for the vacant post. Last week's Government Gazette announces that the secured assets of The Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society in this colony amounts to £10,000. Rather an unusual case was heard at the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday. Four volunteers, Lewis Heymanson, Francis Balderson, John Haines nnd John Stewart were brought up for unlawfully discharging firearms. It appears that tho prisoners were amusing themselves by firing at a tree in their garden, but, owing perhaps to the ex citement of the Christmas holidays, they were not so accurate in their aim as might have been expected, and instead of hitting their mark, which seems to have been easy enough for most people to have done, they knocked down a neighboring chimney- pot, the spent ball glancing off a verandah and falling at the feet of a gentleman quietly seated underneath. The defendants were dismissed, as an exemption clause of the Police Statute permits volunteers to carry and discharge firearms in any place they may think fit. . At tbe District Police Court yesterday a man named William Haslnni was Bummoued by Sergeant Mooney for cruelty to geese. The birds were crowded up in a hamper without water or food in the Eastern Mar ket. The bench fined the defendant 10s., with 2s. Cd. costs. At the District Court yesterday Messrs. George Brusher, W. J. Laude, aud A. M. Alliard, were mulcted in nominal penalties for allowing the Van Yean water to run to waste. Householders will do well to be careful of their supply of water during the summer months. At tbe City Court yesterday two French men of respectable appearance named' Edwin Dernet and August Hugue, were charged with assaulting Engene Froidure, tho French man-fisb, and threatening to take his life. It appeared that a general row had occurred between the three of them, and Mr. Sturt settlod their differences by binding each of the defendants over in their own recognis ances of £20 to keep the peace for three months. Mr. Thomas Colles, solicitor, has been &p.; pointed a commissioner of tho Supreme Court of tbe colony of Victoria for taking affidavits. The treatment of scarlet fever, as laid down by Dr. Day, of Ceelong, which con sists principally of ozonic ether in various forms, appears to be finding considerable favor with the medical profession. Dr. R. Talbot, of Brunswick, has treated a number of cases, relying solely on the remedy, and has been very successful in eVeryiease. In nearly all the cases the fever appeared in a comparatively mild form, but iu one case the symptoms set in with considerable malignity, which, however, yielded readily to the treat ment, and the patient is now convalescent. A novelty, in the shape of a patent life- saving coat, . has been introduced here by Messrs. Alston and Brown. The article in question consists of a1 waterproof macintosh overcoat. Tlie upper part of the garment is made double, and is capable of inflation, thus forming a life-buoy able tosustain tho wearer, with his head above water, without any exer tion on Ilia own part. The operation of infla tion takes about 30 or 40 seconds, and is performed by meaus of a screw valve, such as is attached to an ordinary air cushion or bed. When inflated the coat gives the wearer rather the appearance of being hump-backed, or of having a knapsack on his shoulders. There is no fear whatever of the apparatus slipping out of place, for it can- not shift so long a3 the wearer's arms are in the sleeves. .Several trials of the coat have been made in the Bay, and iu each instance the experiment proved that the article was a complete success. The Courier states that a number of Bal larat tradespeople were victimised a short time ago by having spurious' florins pasbted upon thcin. Detective Eusuu resolved. to find the offenders, and, by the aid o£ Con stable Wood, caught one of the coiners red- handed in a hut at the Mopoke ranges, near Crcswiek. A battery for electroplating the spurious florins was at work, and other por tions of coiners' apparatus were found upon the premises. The occupant of the hut, Jas. Wilson, alias Alfred Smunton, was charged before the Creswick bench with uttering a counterfeit silver coinrepresentinga 2s. piece, at Napoleons, ou the 27th October, and was remanded to the Ballarat Gaol. He will be lirouglit up at the City Court on Friday, when another link' in the chain of evidence against him will probably be furnished by Detsctive Berrill, of Melbourne, who re cently arrested a man believed to be Wil son's accomplice. The body of Margaret Lyons, wife of Peter Lyons, residing at 21 li Napier-street, Fitzroy, was found in the Yarra, near Blunder's Ferry, yesterday. Deceased had been missing from her home since the 31st ult., on which day several articles of cloth, ing, identified as her property, were found upou the south bank of the river. She hail been rather strange in lier mi.-d several days before she left her home, and she left behind her a letter stating that she would be found where she had told her husband, and oskiDg him to put his photograph in her coffin. The body was removed to the morgue, where it now lies awaiting the coroner's inquest. The Kyneton Guardian says " that a gen tleman, who has been highly respected in Kyneton, has become a defaulter, both as respects local institutions and public com panies. It must always be with regret and reluctance that such cases are men tioned, and, therefore, we employ the terms, but, as a matter of fact, the person iu question has laid himself open to charges of such grave nature that the word appears to be almost a misnomer. The total sum which is uuaocouuted for approaches several liuudreu pounds, and we have this upon representations which, have been authorita tively made to ourselves." A young man named Wilson, son of the police constable in charge of the Meredith station, was bitten by a black snake yes- terday morning. He supposes lie trod on the reptile, as the wound was on the foot. Wilson, when he found he was bitten, made the shortest way home, where his friends scarified the wound, causing a copious flow of blood, and then bound a tight ligature above it. He was then removed to the' Geelong Hospital. Dr. Scott, the resident surgeou, immediately cut away the flesh from the parts affected, and ad ministered tlie usual remedies with success. Dr. Scott is of opinion that the life of Wilson was. saved by the prompt measures adapted by the clerk of petty sessions at Meredith, in cicatrising the flesh and ejecting the poison with such rapidity that beyond a headache Wilson said he felt no unpleasant sensations at a late hour last evening. A lad named Robert Oar narrowly escaped drowning yesterday afternoon, in a water- hole in front of the Bunt Hotel, at Foots- cray. He was playing with two or three other boys, and accidentally fell in. A youth named Fitzgerald plunged into the water and succeeded in saving Oar. Rather a sensation was produced at Ballarat on Monday night. Nearly 1000 persons were present at the Carnival grounds when the Australian Blondin made his final ascent on the tight rope. He went through all the various tricks of his pro fession, and then appeared with a man upon his shoulders, who seemed to grow dizzy, and lost his hold when about half way across, falling with a terrible thud on to the hard ground. The ladies screamed, and the gentlemen ran to his assistance, when it was discovered that the unfortunate fellow was only a "dummy" made up. for the pur. pose. A rather hard case cropped up in the Sandhurst Police Court yesterday, of which the Bendigo Evening News gives the follow ing particulars: — "It appeared that a Mr. Jeffers was sued by two men for wages, earned by them in removing timber from a claim. The defendant stated that he had been employed by the Golden Age Association Company to perform tbe work on its behalf and, to do so, had engaged the plaintiffs that ho had no interest in the work, being, himself upon wages, and consequently did not consider himself responsible. Tlie bench, however, held him liable, and made orders accordingly, at the simatime advising the defendant to proceed against the com. pany." Dr. Silvester has most decidedly im- proved his entertainment since hit last visit to Melbonrne, but the dialogue would still bear considerable alteration, more. especially in the Ghost illusions. The lady sus- pended in the air is of course the chief attraction. The fountain ha, been greatly improved, the finale of the Prince of Wales's feather being very appro priate. The Shadow Pantomime is very good, considering the numerous disadvan tages the shadows are acting under. Dr.. Silvester had a very fair house last night, and the audience thoroughly appreciated the numerous hits. Dr. Sil vester has given up his Eastern garb and adopted the European, which was decidedly impolitic on his part, as the Fakir of Oolus attire certainly added to the general effect. Tbe pantomime at the Opera House drew an overflowing house last evening. ' Beyond all doubt King Pippin is one of the best mounted and most attractive spectacular en. tertainments produced in Melbourne for many years. There was an excellent and appreciative audience at the Theatre Royal last evening. The pantomime, so admirable in all its de tails, increases nightly in popularity, and will doubtless have a long and deservedly successful run. The Prahran police require an owner for a heavy draught bay horse, in good condition branded like PW near shoulder. ' The Rev. W. Kelly will lecture this evening, at the Prahran Town Hall, on tbe Life and Times of George Washington. The Collingwood police require an owner for an interesting little boy, who gives his name as Willie, found in Wellington-street on the 19th December last. An advertisement announces that the Williann steamer will make excursions down the Bay at cheap rates on Sundays, Mondays and Thursdays, On Sundays the vessel will go to Queenscliff and Portsca, Mondays to Sorrento, and on Thursdays to Snapper Point, Dromanq gad Souentg. A trial of Cornish's patent life-savine an. pllancM will take place from off H.M.S T)i J., this afternoon, in the presence of Cotnmodoro Chapman and officers, the Acting-Governor Si lted mond Barry, the Mayor of Melbourno- and other gentlemen. On Saturday last, at the Mission Hall, Sand ridge, Mr. W. JR. Hiddleston, leader of the Evan gelical work successfully carried on m tho borough, was presented with a- costly writing desk in recognition of the arduous efforts made by him in prosecuting the operations of the mission during the last two years. A suitable reply was made by Mr. Hiddleston. The anniversary of the Greensborongh Band of Hope was celebrated on Boxing-day with a pic nic and tea, followed by a public meeting. Amusements of all descriptions were provided. After tea, the public meeting was held in tbe open air. Mr. S. G. King, J.P., presided. Addressei wore delivered by Messrs. Berry, Burchett, and Hutton, followed by Mathew Burnett, who gave illustrations of what could ho accomplished bv individual and collective effort in the cause of total abstinence. A vote of thanks to the chair- man terminated the proceedings. . We have received several very useful almanacs for 1876. Prominent ansong them is an excellent compilation issued by Mfessrs. Gordon and Gotch, the Australasian Railway and Road Guide. The guide will he found invaluable to travellers it all of ths Australasian colonies. Among the illuminated almanacs is that of Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall, the design and coloring of which are both very effective. The almanac of the la. perial Fire Insurance Company will also he found of service in business offices. Tho diary of .Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall is also in circula tion. It contains the usual compact information with regard to postal and mail services, and rail way time tables. The Temperance News for January, with its usual budget of news of interest to total abstainers, is also to hand. 