FICTIO^N. (Vron KotUsb, American, and o<h«r Periodical!.) LETTICE TÏÏOEN1LOW. -_ h A Tale of the Midlands during the Civil War. CHAPTER X11. THE LAMP OF LIFE BURNS DOWN. Dark falls the tear of him who mournetb Lost joy, or hope that ne'er returnetb ; But brightly flows the tear Wept o er a hero's bier. -Moore Tbè Angel of Death boveried over the obamber of a houso in Kineton, where ¿lay a wonded offioor. Major Thornelow knew t.hiä. So, too, did the two watchers by his bedside. The leech had assured them the wound was mortal, and having done what his skill suggested, he bad departed to perform uko offices for a sadly numeroua host of patients For some time the dying man lay silent and apparently unconscious. But he was perfectly collected and was deeply engaged in thought and voiceless prayer. He was not awed by the approaching transition of his sen- tient soul to the world oÇ spirits; he was not afraid to take the plunge into the region of the unknown. His faith and piety if not vehemently expressed, were strong and sincere. Still be had some natural regrets He was not tired of life. He was aotive and rigorous; cut down in the possession of powers little if at all impaired He was leaving a much-loved family in troubleous times ; he was resigning his earthly citizenship in the midst of war and turmoil, when the national hori son was dark with portents of evil in the days to como. Ho would fain have been gathered to his fathers in the old ancestral home, in time of peace and prosperity ; he longed onoe more to hear the tones of those he loved so well-the wife and daughter who would see him no more in life, who would never again listen to his wel- come voice, or greet the familiar sound of his home- returning footstep. And thoughts of the past then floated in his busy brain. They carried him back to his boyhood's day, to the rose-tinted hours of his courtship to his j o j ful, happy marriage, to the birth of his first-born -and here he stopped He seemed to bo re- called to the living present from the dead past. Turning his eyes towards where his son eat mournfully watching him, he said feebly. " Hugh, my son." " Yesr my dear father. Can I do anything for you ?" " No, my boy, but ootne a little closer. My voice is growing faint. Before that candle goes out (indicating the rushlight that east a sickly glimmer over the great dark room) my lamp will have burnt away. I know my hours are numbered. And, before I die, 1 want, my dear Hugh, to tell you a secret you ought, per- haps, to have known before. " " Shall I withdraw, dear sir ?" asked Gilbert gently. j (' No, there is no oooasion, Gilbert There is Bio reason why you, too, should not know it, more particularly as I already regard you as one of my obildren. " And Major Thornelow smiled affêotionatély at the young man. Gilbert, deeply affected, drew his soat nearer to the bedside, and the two young men listened while the dying soldier, with some labour and net a few pauses, told them a story of oruel wrong done to him and his, long years ago. "You will be astonished to learn, Hugh, that, yon are noither my only nor my eldeet son began the Major. "Indeed, father, I am ; the more so as I have never heard either yourself or my mother refer to the past or present existence of any brother," rejoined Hugh, with surprise depiccd on his face "No, my dear ßon. We oould not bear to think or speak of our loss It was a heavy trial to us both. Your brother Leonard was born fifteen months after our marriage, and three and a half years before you come into the world. I need not tell you how, as our first-born, he was our joy and pride. He was a sweet ohild, fair and beautiful as a cherub, but somewhat fragile; very unlike you, Hugh, who al way a possessed the rudest health Being delicate, we watched ever him with almost exoeesive oare, and till he was two years old seldom allowed him, even with his nurse, out of our sight Ono bright summer evening-how well do I remembor it ! -when he was little more than two years of age, ho was taken out by his nurse, Martha Day, a most virtuous trustworthy woman, for a walk She proceeded along the fields at the back of the Court, to a shady lano, which was her favourite promondo. Doubtless you rcoolleot,i; Hugh ?" " Perfectly, father «You mean Sandy Lane." " Yes, lhat was the place. Well, time went OD, and she did not return. We began to be alarmed when it grew dusk, and she returned not. We then despatched a trusty man to look in that locality for them-poor fellow, he was killed by a kick from a horse three months later, to my great regret-but he oould not see '' anything of them. I, meanwhile, had started in another direction, in the hope that I should meet her returning, as was not improbable, that way, which was only a little further round. I was equally unsuccessful Your mother was, on our return, in a frantic state of alarm, and filled with the direst forebodings. Though I sought to oomfort her, and to persuade her that they would yet speedily return, or eventually be found safe and uninjured, I confess that, as the darkness deepened, my heart sank within mo Again we sallied forth, I and' Richard Haines, this time together, and we carried lanthorns My dear wife begged to be allowed to con« with us, but I represented to her that we oould make a more effeotusi soratiuy without her, and she stayed bebind,' a prey tp suspense. Nor was I much lees seriously alarmed, for I felt ' persuaded that something must have happened, or Martha would long k since have returned. This time we-ioetituted as minute a search as was possible with the feeble light of our-lanttaornB.T'Hedges ,aiid ditches, nooks and corners, were dilrgontly'investigated, bat all to DO purpose. At length we despon- dently returned homewards. As wo neared the back of the bouse, we Baw come lights moving and heard the hum of voices. We knew at once that the party was made up of my own servants and some of the villagers, whom wehad left about to issue forth in pursuit of the lost ones. As we drew nearer-and we pressed forward eagerly to know if they had been more fortunate-I could see they were carrying something, On joining them, this proved to be the motionless form of the nurse. She had been found, they told me, just inside a coppice a long way down the lane ; but not the faintest trace of the child had been discovered anywhere, or of the woman's cowardly assailants. AU night she lay unoon saioua, and when morning dawned there was no improvement. The doctor came, and he said he had grave doubts of her reoovery, but in no case did he believe she would regain her senses. Pending the realisation of his gloomy vaticina- tions I did everything possible to find out what had become of our lost darling." " Was there no traoe on the spot where the nurse was found ? ' broke in Hugh. " Only a few footmarks, whioh did not help us. I proclaimed my loss far and wide, and offered a largo reward for any tidings of my child, or of his fate, if he had perished. But none ovor oame. The woman, Mather, lingered on for two years, a hopelessly mourabie idfot. The doctor had ruhtly saich. Her brain^ffeoted by the blow, swtened, an'dvnö,7"gUmm.ering re memberanoe* of tdô past Could "ever be conjured np in her tenantless mind. Your mother was seriously ill for some months, and in my anxiety and dread of losing her also, I somewhat forgot my grief. When she recovered we taoitly agreed never to mention the sad event We could not indeed speak of it without opening the wound ¿fresh. By-and-bye you, my dear lad, oame to be a comfort and delight to us, and in her love for you,-your dear mother began gradually to regain her former spirits. But she invariably, from some caprice or fanoy, opposed my wish to tell you and Letty the history of your little brother's abduction. I sometimes think she dreads that he may have fallen into evil hands, and grown up into a man you would be ashamed to call your brother. Besides, I know she can Dot bear the thought of Desley Court passing from your hands. This, my dear Hugh, is my story and secret, and will explain to you why in my willi direot that, in the event of your brother Leonard being found and indentified, the estate J should be Bold, and the proooeds equally divided between yon, after your mother's annuity had been secured. Lottice, of coarse, I leave nothing but my blessing. I feel happy in the knowledge that she will have BO able and loving a protector as you, Gilbert. You know," he added, " do you not, that Lattice hath just be- come an heiress by her unole's will ?" " No, sir ; Hugh bath not told mo." " I have but recently heard the news, and left it for you to announoe, my dear father," said Hugh. " Well, " resumed the Major, " Gilbert, she will bring you a rich dower, but not greater than you merit, I am sure." " I oongatulato myself, however," said the young man, " that I won her before riohes were her portion. I loved her for hersweet self alone, and wooed unweeting that she would ever possess a fortune." " Yee, we all know you too well to doubt your disinterestedness, my dear Delmayn, even though we had not the proof of it/' said the Major warmly. A few moments ofsilenoe followed, each busy wich his own thoughts. Presently tho Bick man spoke again. " I feel rapidly sinking," said he ; " will you give me some cordial ?" Gilbert, who was nearest the bottle, rose and administered it to the wounded man, who smiled gratefully at him, and lay back on the pillow " You havo talked too loDg, dear father," said Hugh. " No, I have yet more to say. I want to warn you both against tho Gorlooks. The son, I heard on Saturday, hath sought Lettice in marriage, made overtures to her when at Dealey Court" " Ha 1 hath he bean there ? And did he thus requite hospitality? said Gilbert. "Yes. He waa thrown from his horse when passing, and so bruised that he was unable to con- tinue his journey." " Would that his hurts, had delayed him longer 1" said Gilbert. " What said Letty, dear sir?" " She refused him, of ocurso, most deoidedly -told him that she loved another. Gilbert, beware of him. He will, if report err not, and if the son resembles the father, not scruple to employ unfair means to gain his ends. He will not take Letty's denial, if he oan help it. Both her wealth and her beauty allure him. Sir Henry hath been a life-long foe to rae, though I have wronged him not, other than by winning the love that never could have been his." " Ah I" said Hugh. " Did it over ocour to you, father, to suspect Sir Henry of being the abduotor of your boy ?" " It did But I had not a shadow of proof." " Young Gorlook's desperate animosity to me on the battle field is explained by his pro tensions to Letty's hand," said Gilbert ; " hoping thus, I suppose, to remove the ohief barrier to the attainment of his desire. I strongly Buspeot, now, that the bullet that struck you down, my dear almost father, was intended for my baok, and was fired by that same cowardly assassin hand " " Not unlikely, but we will hope otherwise in ohanty," said the Major. " A kind Providenoe bath, I trust, spared you to 0DJoy«ta neeful and happy life when these whirlwinds of human pas- sion have been laid to rest. May God grant that this fratioidal spilling of blood may soon oease," ho added devoutly. Just then a quiet tap was heard at the door. Hugh rose and opeued it Amos Warlow stood outside. " The Rev. Obadiah. Love the Lord Atkins, a notable minister of God, is below, and saitb he would be glad to pray with the Major, ' said he. « Shall I bring him up, Master Hugh ?" Hugh spoke for a minute, in a low tone, with his father, and then turned to Amos, who waited ai the door. ! " Let.him come np, Amos," said he. Í I A minute after, a firmand heavy footfall was heard asoondingthe stairs. It- halted at thedoor, which Hugh "gently opened, "and_admitted~ the reverend visitor.- - ??-'.* -""-.-. ! "Poaoe be with yon k11," he said. j The Rev. Obadiah'Love-thé^Lord Atkins was tjill and spare almost to attenuation,^ but chit gaunt frame was full of muscular strength His iron-gray hair framed a rugged face, lined with care and thought, but expressive of dauntless courage, and immovable honesty of purpose. His deep-sunk eyes flashed restlessly about him, and burned with the fire of religious seal and fanatic- ism The man was brimful of enthusiasm, notera pored with meekness or prudence He wasintensly earnest, but iotensly bigoted. He was a fanatic but sincere ; he was a gloomy partisan, but a oonsoiontious one. He held the guards and glitter of the Court in the supremest contempt and emptied the vials of his soorn and wrath in unmeasured terms upon its habitués. A minister of the Gospel, be ptrenuously argued for the maintainance of the civil and religóos liberties of the people by the sword, and shrank not from its ultimate consequences. He had been harshly used-imprisoned and pilloried and the sprioga" of, tenderness and sympathy lay deep do wn^and well nigh stagnant tfftbin him They were net wholly 'driedi'^rp, however, nor was he destitute of kindly feeling j bualong persecution had deadened these ; nobler faculties, and largely helped to make him what he was And in his advocacy of a resort to physioal force he fully believed he was justified by the Bible. On the sacred book he took his stand, and thundered forth denuncia- tions from it upon his and his country's foes Eminently a man of prayer, he yet never prayed for enemies j he besought Heaven to frustrate their plans, but not to convert them. In his eyes thoy had sold themselves to the Evil One, and no hope or mercy remained for them. With the devoutness and asperity of an anohorite he united the ardour and devotion of a crusader Austere in manners, irreproachable in morals, he was also^a fervent lover of truth From his height of u^bendiog^eotitude he looked down upon the offender ag^ns'fcgho oanon law without compassion, and with deepest condemna- tion. Free from hypocrisy himself, he was slow to discern it in others, and was almost childlike in his trustfulness. Henoe he was often the dupe if the unscrupulous and designing Woe to the deceiver, however, if once unmasked Over those with whom he was associated he ex eroised, beyond question, by the foroo of his in- flexible character, iron determination, and rigid adherence to his principles, a mighty influence; and by the power of his unpruned but vigorous eloquence often excited them to a high pitoh of religions frenzy and zeal for their oause. Soldiors imbued with his spirit were already numerous in tho Parliamentary army, and were distinguished by their orderly sober bearing and amenability to discipline-qualities that, a few years later, developed them into the most invincible troops of the age. Suoh was the chaplain who stepped into the chamber of death with the apostolio salutation upon his lips. It was acknowledged, and the Puritan preaoher moved to the bedside and took a seat. " I am sore distressed to find that you have como to such grievous hurt, major," said he, slightly modulating his naturally harsh, loud tones. " I can only say, God's will be done," replied Major Thornelow. " I thank you sincerly for ooming hither," he added. "I fear there bo many in need of spiritual consolation in our ranks." " Yes, it hath been my sad duty to administer it to a great number of sufferers Many of our brave men have fallen by the arms of the Sons of Belial. God bo praised, though, the Man of Sin* hath not prevailed against us. Our troops were girded in the panoply of right and justice, and the terrible awojjp of the Rhine Robberf, at the head of1 his"'-Whitehall 'gallants, lewd French Papists, and Alsatian boors, availed not to rout the army of the Chosen of the Lord." " But we scarce oan claim the victory," said Hugh. " True. Yet hath our loss been less serious than that of the Philistines. Many of their captains have perished, and their standard bath fallen into our hands/' replied the minister. A short interval followed, during which no one spoke. " And how fares it with your soul, my brother," asked the Puritan. Is it well with it now that you are Bearing tho skirts of this stormy world ? ' JC " By tho mercy of the living God, I am thank- ful to say it is," returned the major. "Shall we pray, my brother?" asked the preaoher. The dying man signed assent. And then, by the bedside of the wounded soldier he knelt down, and poured out his soul in a passionate burst of prayer-slowly and solemnly at first, but soon his feolings and voioo escaped all restraint, and roso and fell like the waves of the ocean when lashed to fury by a storm Now he pleaded in accents of ferveDt entreaty-now in terms of eostatio adoration of the Diety-now in words of deepest thankful- ness for the blessings past-now in streams of praise and glorification of the Incarnate Son At length his vehemenoe abated, his voioo sank lower and lower, and a deep " Amen" concluded Then a hush of several moments-in which the laboured breathing of the dying man sounded paiufally distinct-fell upon tho room and its kneeling inmates. Tbey rose, and the minister, softened by the exoroiso of his devotions, laid bis bony hand in that of Major Tbornelowj and said quietly " Farewell, major ; we shall, I hope and pray, meet the other side of Jordan. " And then, with a parting benediction on the young mon, ho left the room. And the night wore on. " Hugh, where are you ?" " Hore, dear father," replied he, putting his hands into that of the msjor, whioh was clammy with t\c dows of approaohing dissolution. " Itis growingdarkerand chillier, Hugh. lam olose to my journey's end. Try and fill the void in your dear mother's heart, Hugh. Cheer her ; comfort her. Bid her, from me, not abandon her- self to grief. Tell her not to repine ; I but go before We shall not long be a sundered family Trust God always, dear son, even where his pre sence seems not manifest. Good-bye, dear boy Good-byo, my other son, Gilbert. Good-night. I go where no night is-where partings are un- known." i This he said slowly and painfully, with gasps between. Afterwards he sank baok, and the watchers sorrowfully sat, silent and woe-strioken, listening while the antique dock on the land- ing audibly ticked the few remaining minutes of /the gallant soldier's-Ufo- __ _ 1 Again he spoke-or rather mui mured-this time almost in a whisper. ' He was repeating eomaflincB bf'his own. "Hugh know'them well Gilbert drew closer, and bent forward to catch what he sai(L/.the tears standingin his bright blue eyes as he'did so. He beardie following verBe:- » *" ^**~ Oh, Lord upon thy blessed breast I Jay my wearied head 2) restfai eltep, » pafdoned «Inner, 'pong the holy dead, oowing fan well that nsagtat iny sweet «poe« can break-, Until toJigfct "unfailing, loy ctteeutog, I lor »ye »wake. * The Xing. f\Prince Rupert, io called from his plundering propensities, After this he spoke no more, but lay peace- fully and calmly breathing out his life; and so, ere the dim rushlight had quite burnt out, and the oreposolo heralded by the shrill crowing of ohantioleer, be passed to his unending rest. The mourners, sleepless though they were, with the dull, dead, heavy weight of sorrow lying heavy on their hearts, were unaware of the preoise moment that made one fatherless, and bereft the other of a dear friend, so noiselessly had his spirit shaken off its shackle of enoumbcr ing day. Presently Hugh notioed that the band grasped in bis had grown ioy oold, and be turned to Gil- bert and motioned to him to bring the fast-failing light. Gilbert moved it to where; its siokly ray fell upon the recumbent form,aTad it revealed to Hugh, in the.dro~pped4%w-tanc(-,the ashen hue of thefaoe, that his father's tonHraoy\pf the frail body before him had for ever expired. Then he lifted up his voice and wept aloud ; and Gilbert, pro- foundly touched and deeply grieved, sat, with his face buried in his hands, thinking how heavy would be the blow to his Lettioe, waiting until the first storm of filial grief had passed away. Meanwhile the candle fliokered and spluttered, and then died out altogether. And the twilight carne and changed to dawn, the first streaks steal- ing slowly through the diamond-paned, white curtained window, and the sounds of life in the streets outside broke the quietude. The fire, too, smouldered unheeded, and at last became a heap of oold ashes ; and thus, oheerlesB, chill, and for- lorn, was issued in the morn. By-and-by Gilbert rose and left the room, but ere long he returned, and gently led Hugh out. Then other and strange faces entered the room, and, won-by Gilbert's eourteous manners and kindly look, performed the last offices for the de- parted. And the next day the two friends set off with the coffined dead for Desley, there to inter it. CHAPTER XIII. A NEW LIFE. Fast indiscretion Is a venial orime, Audit the youth, unmellowed yet by time, Bore on his branob, luxuriant and rude,,, fruits of a blighted clze, austere and orado, Maturer years shall happier stores produce, And meliorate the well-concooted juice. "" ffT" ft' -Cowper. It was the gUBty month of -Maroh, the year 1643\. Many of its wild, windy days were-past, however, and the trees and hedges everywhere were givng sign that the reign of stem King Winter was nearing its oloso. On this particular day, too, the great luminary rode high in the beavens, and supplied a genial warmth to the greatful earth, Greatful it was, also, to a horseman ascend- ing the steep aoolivity leading to the High Street in the little town of Birmingham. Pale, thin, and delioate- looking, he appeared as though just arisen and hardly-recovered from a sick bed. He was dressed in deep mourning, evidently new, and was attired as a gentleman of position, his sword hung at his side, and a pair of pistols were viable in the holsters. A staid man ser- vant, similarly armed, rode immediately behind him. The sound of the horses' hoofs was unfrequont enough to attract some of the more curious to their doors, one or two of whom respeotivly saluted the young man. One predestrian halt- ing, lifted his hat and addressed the rider. " A good-day to you, sir. Pray, sir, oan you give us any fresh tidings anent the King's move- ments ?" " Good-day to you, Master Habgood. No, I oannot give you much that is good. Both parties have bsen idle during the winter. But Í have heard that Prinoe Rupert is hither bound, on no pasillo errand. His Majesty bears no goodwill to your town since you contumaciously refused to supply bim with swords, and showed other signs of disaffection. " But you oannot vouch for the truth of the report, can you ?" enquired the townsman. " No ; but I have certain information that before ma'ny days have passed the Priroo will maroh in this direction, and my informant saith the punishment of the town of Birminghan is one object of his expedition " " Then," said Habgood, " must we make some preparation to receive him. I am well aware that his intentions oan but bo hostile, and we shall not be disposed to cry for meroy, to him." " Well, my worthy sir, you can aot on your own discretion as to announcing the news. But you may rest assured that my information is not wholly groundless. " 1 So saying, and bidding the honest tradesman good morning, tho gentleman rode on through the H'gh Street, and towards Dr. Gayton's bouse. The doctor was somewhat astonished to see two apparent strangers ride up to his residence When the foremost dismounted and approaohed the door, his surprise was increased when he re oognised the visitor. In another minute he was receiving the gentle- man in a large and comfortable panelled apart- ment. " Good-day, dootor." " Good-day, Master Stanforth, if it is really you and not your ghost. You look but a sorry invalid. Have you been wounded in the war ? Do you seek mo professionally ?" "lama little better than an invalid ; I am at least a eonvalesoent. I have been wounded, but not in battle ; and I dp not come to Beek your advice, highly as I value it, and much as I needed it a few months ago. I come rather to tender some to you." " Indeed," said the Doctor. " But at present I am somewhat mystified. You must ox plain your meaning. First, though, about yourself. I have heard of the death of your unole, Master Smith, for whom, I see, you are in weeds." "I will, Doctor. To begin, then, I was worsted in a duel w^tb^Edward Gorlook. About the oause of the quarrel I will say no more than that it was a legitimate one,-and not of my provoking. I have been a bit of a reprobate, you know, but never dishonourablo or a liar, and therefore you may believe what I say." " I should never question cither your truth or your honour, my dear young friend," replied the Dootor. " You are a Royalist, I a Parlia- mentarian, but we do not now meet as foes ; neither will I mistrust you " " You have no reason, as you will gather by and-bye," returned Lionel. " But I will proceed After the duel, they all, even Wand, my second, 19ft me insensible, and, as they probably thought, lifeless, on the damp turf. Some one, however, got an inkling of the affair, for about two hours afterwards 1 the Earl of Lindsay and Colonel Vavasour found me, and had me conveyed to a farmhouse, where, a surgeon attended to my wound. For weeks I hovered, a great part of the time unconeoious, between two worlds, but at last I slowly reoovered. But I am told I shall never be strong »gain, and haye been enjoined tp give up tue profession of arms. This I waa by BO means sorry 1 to assent to, as it suited my inclination. Daring my long illness a change hath passed over me. p am no longer a Royalist, and I could not bear arms against my oountrymen. I will haves naught todo with this unnatural war. Had not my opinions changed, however, I oould pevor have continued in the service of that m an.-of blood and rapine, Rupert. The tales of his barbarous violenoe and pillago I bave become cognisant of have filled me with ozeoration of his- Àame. And the men- tion of it brings me to Que purport of my visit here." J "I do not apprehend any danger from him," said the Doo tor. "Then you have not heard that the Robber Prince is shortly going to invest Birmingham, and deal vengeance upon it for its disloyalty to the King ?" " No, not a word about it." said the Dootor " Such, however, is the faot. I gleaBod it from a trusty but humble friend, who plays the spy for me in thePrinoe's camp, and bath furnished me with maoh valuable news. And now, Dootor, I have a question to ask and a proposal to make you. I know that you are independent of your profession, and chiefly practice out of charity to your poorer neighbours. This being the case, and yourself and Mistress Gay ton on the downhill of life, and your ward and nieco Mistress Mil- dred dangerously fascinating, and likely to at traot the attention of the amorous and lawless soldiers of Rupert, would it not be well for you to move to London ? In the capital, if anywhere you would be safe from aught save taxes, which I hear the Parliament levy without stint, and the ci ti sons pay without grudging, for the equip ment of the troops." " You are right, and I ought to have departed before. Now the journey would be fraught, I fear, with more peril than we should be exposed to by remaining here " " But, Doctor, stay. You have not yet heard my proposal. I came to tell you of the danger first, and then to offer my servi cas as epcort, with a few reliable men. I know the where- abouts of most of the King's forces, and we oould avoid .them with little difficulty." " I thank you sincerely for your kind offer, my young friend," said the dootor; "but I scarcely understand the motive governing it I am a plain blunt man, Master Lionel Stan- ford, and not deficient in common sense. The excroise of it assures me that it is not our casual acquaintanceship alone that bath prompted you to come many miles to make a proposal whioh must oost you much fatigue, anxiety, and trouble. Now then, be oan did with me, and tell mo the mainspring of your at at present rather inexplicable conduot." " I will be very frank with you, Dootor. I have done for ever with all devious paths and policies. Then, if you are angry with me, you can send me away, and I will not again trouble you or yours. Plainly, then, I have seen, and, having seen, must perforco love, your nieoe My knowledge of her was gained in a single brief interview ; but, oomo what will, even if I never see her again, I shall love her all my life. Do you wonder, knowing this, that I should be desirous of saving her, and those dear to her, from any possibility of brutal scones of bloodshed and outrage ?" "I do not. I honor your fur it. I thank you for your outspokenness I have no ¿bjeotion to your seeing my nieoe-no barrier to offer to your suit. I should have had, bad you still re- mained a Royalist, or if, as I once thought, 'Hugh Thornelow had won the prize But she is still free. And so I, a lover of fair play, will let you take your chance But look for no favour in the way of advocacy j for to tell you the simple truth, in the same spirit of plain dealing, I should prefer Hugh in many respects He is stronger and moro resolute, more fit for her to lean on when I am gone. But, for all this, I will not place the slightest obstacle in I the attainment of your wishes." " It is true Hugh Thornelow is more worthy of her than I am," said the young man mourn- fully; but he oannot love her moro deeply or more unselfishly than I do. And, perhaps, she does not love him. The little god is sometimes wayward, and the noblest and best are not appro ciated at their due worth ; and so the ohoioest gifts now and again fall to those who are not great or good " " Well, we shall see," said the cheery Dootor. " In the meantime, my dear boy, I must go and give orders to stable your animals', and quarter your man, for ypjjupiust-be my/'gueat to-night and by to-morrow wn shají havitponsidered your proposition, and will be able to decide on tho best course to adopt. I will also inform the ladies of your presence." And Lionel's host quitted the room. Ho re entered shortly after, accompanied by Mistress Gay ton and Mildred. To the former Lionel was a stranger; the latter greeted him with some slight embarrassment, which, however, quickly wore off, and thoy wore soon conversing together freely. " Did you make a prolonged stay at DeBley" Court, Mistress Mildred ?" asked Lionel, think- ing of his first meeting with her. " Yes ; I was there when the sad news of Major Thornelow's death arrived," replied Milly. " Is he dead ? I did not know that/' said the young man. " He was killed at tho Battle of Edge Hill. Gilbert Dalmayn and Hugh-so it is said, for I have not seen them since-believe that Master Edward Gorlook fired the fatal shot. " I have been ill for many months, and was unconscious of all that was passing in the world " " Yes ; my unole hath told us that, but not the cause. He also intimated that you had changed Bides in this great national struggle. Is it so? Have you, indeed, come to see that the cause oflho Parliament is that of liberty, right, and joBtice ?" And the fair speaker's eyes lighted with animation and eager zeal L'onel noted it, and longed to take her in his arms, "Will you be pleased to hear that I have become oonvinoed that the cause which Pym and Hampden so ably champion is the just one, and that the King is an incipient tyrant, surrounded with a vicious set of counsellors." "I am greatly rejoioed to hear yon say so. I wish defections from the Royal oamp would become so numerous as to make war unnecessary and impossible. Oh ! war is a fearful thing !" ' " It is a desolating and destroying monster, beneath whose ruffian strides age and youth, beauty, virtue, and truth are bprne down, and left to perish in the dust. I have heard of soenes and acts that harrow my soul to think of ! " ' "Did you receive your wound at Edge Hill ? " enquired Mildred. !" No j I have not been in action, " replied Iiionel. " Pray, tell me all about it. I am very sorry you did not reoeive it there, as you were wounded. " " ifould rather not talk about it, " said'he. confusedly. * " " That arises either from modesty, or c¿«r, because it was rooeived in some quarrel.-^? ' shall begin to think, unless you contradiot me, that you have boen wicked enough to fight a duel. " And Milly looked arohly at the young man, who was thus caught on the horns of a dilemma. " Well, I suppose, " said ho laughing, « I may as well confess that your suspicions are oorreot. I was forood into it. Are you, " ho added, " very much shocked and horrified ?" " I am very grevied Duelling is an odious and barbarous method of settling disputes. Your might have lost your life, and with it your hopes of heaven. Oh, do not engage in ' another." " But," said Lionel smiling, though rather giavley, as he though how nearly he had ap proaohed the confines of the unseen world, "you would not have me branded as a ooward." " No, not if you did not deserve it. But yon could prove-fortune, it is said, favours the brave-when opportunity offered, that you were no coward. And Master Stanford," and Milly threw a meaning glanoe on him, " there is suoh a thing as moral cowardice, and this vioe is toa frequently a blot on the oharaeter of many who are conspicuous for brute courage. After all, too, the latter is a quality possessed in oommon with animal«, and oan scarcely be ranked with, the virtues'." "? L;onel gazed en her admiringly. He had no more to say in defence of his oonduot. At length be said " I shall not be able to fight any more, Mis- tress Milly. My health will be, for a long time, I suppose, delicate, and I am bidden to reside in a warmer climate." " ,. " Were j ou so seriously injured ?" she aske^JA in a tone of sympathy, her blue eyes espressivo" of deep concern Here the tête-à-tête was broken by the Dootor, who had in the meantimo been enlightening Mistress Gayton more fully as to their guests object in visiting them. " Master Lionel, have you apprised Mildred of your main reason in coming here?" said he. The blood mounted to the young man's temples for a moment, for he was taken aback by the suddenness of the enquiry, and had an inner consciousness of a motive whioh he did not then desire to divulge. Recovering his coolness in a breathing spaoe, be replied " No, dootor. I left that for you to explain together with the deliverance of your deoisioa thereon " The Dootor thereupon launched into a oir onmatantial narration of the danger that threatened Birmingham, and-Lionel's suggestion that they should fly from the coming trouble and danger, Stanford occasionally adding to the in- formation of his host. Milly was eager for the journey to London. " We cannot assist by our presence here, and you, dear uncle, would bs exposed to danger. We are all very greatfnl to you, Master Stan- ford, for your disintereted kindness in thus warn us of impending calamity. Lionel flusLel. Inwardly he doubted whether the compliment was deserved. At the same time he resolved that he would do something to merit the gratitude of the girl he loved so ardently. " And what do you Bay to tbe proposal, dear Madam ?" he asked, turning to Mistress Gayton, who hitherto had exprosaed no opinion on the plan, but had boca thoughtfully ruminating on the subject. " I wish to fly from auch a danger as a Roya- list occupation of the town would bo," she re- joined; "but I rather dread the long and toil- some journey, I must confess " " I will do allí oan," said Lionel, " to render it less wearisome and tedious. Still I oan well divine that to you the prospeot hath no charm, more|espeoial!y in these disturbed times; but it is, I regret to say, a cboioe of evils only that is left to your option." " Well, my dear wife, wo will not deoide to- night, to-morrow shall register our dcoision." The evening passed away all too soon for Lionel, who was supremely happy in the society of Mildred. Her uncle and aunt, too, were lively and oompanionable people, and when the time to retire to rest carne, Lionel bade them a regretful good night. But in the solitude of his own chamber he lay awake for hours thinking of the probability of their journey to the capital, when he would be in the company of the girl he loved the daylong, in which event he hoped and trusted his suit would speed and prosper. CnAPTER XIV. A LONG JOURNEY. Love rules the court, the oamp, tlio grove, And men below, and saints above, For love ia heaven, nail heaven is lore. -Scott. The dootor decided to migrate to London. Fear for the safety of his ward influenced him ohieflyi but other minor reasons there were which h&ifcft; their weight. He had long intended to leave/{F Birmingham, and his wife's repugnance to com- mence so formidable a journey alono had caused him, time after time, to defer carrying out bis resolvo. So at the matitutinal meal ho announced his determination to Lionel, who was not a little ex- ultant thereat. A long and animated disoussioa anent 'the preparations and the route to be taken followed, in whioh they all took part. Mistress'Gayton waa somewhat fearful of falling in with flying columns of Rupert's horse, and urged that any detour, however long, was pre- ferable to molestation by the malignante. Lionel assured ber he would make further enquiries, and ohoose tho distriots least likely to be infested with troops, and it was ultimately deoided to leave the arrangement to his dis- cretion. It was agreed to start in four days' time, whioh wou'd be the 28 th March. Lionel promised to bring four more men, well armed, in addition to his servant, to form a protection against the bands of freebooters who at that time scoured the oountry unhindered and unrestrained. That matter arranged, the conversation turned on other topics. Lionel Stanford was able to give them many items of nows, for information circulated tardily in those days They were but slightly acquainted with the movements of the hostile foroes, and the accounts they bad reoeived bad been wondrously garbled. ' The perfidious attempt of the King to march upon London and the oheok given to his progress by Colonel N Hollis, at Brentford, singlehanded, until the Jj arrival of the gallant regiment of Lord Brooke,»} and the yet more famous Green Coats of thër* bigh-souled Hampden, wai narrated by Lionel, who strongly denounced the King for ibis Want of good faith, and threw on him tixj onus of nroldnging ¡the strife. He described; too, how 2he trained bands of London poured out of the metropolis to stop the way, and how Lord Essex was preparing to besiege Reading. I Dootor Guyton told LiorçeU. that Captain ^Thornelow and Lieutenant Delmayn had, after ?Purring the Major in-the familsAault, and a bfM sojourn at Desl^y igîM;, ^comfort tho widow and Letty, rejoined'tfioarmy nnder Lord Jïssex, but were coming to escort thom, if they had not already done so, to London. _ I " They would be safer there," Bald Lionel. "I suppose Desley Courtis incapable of any defence ?" " Yes," replied the dootor. " At all events, for any time, or against ordnance of any kind. " I hope dearjictty and her mother will leave before dangar bjopmeslumiinont,," soid Milly earnestly Wl>uldNShe%aocom$any as, do you think, unole? I should be delighted,if they »would." " I do not imagine they would. They can be asked, though," said the dootor. " I will ride over and enquire, if they have not left. " And I must hasten homeward«,' raid Liouol, " for I have rauoh to arrange before I start, as I do not intend revisiting Staffordshire for a long timo, and therefore wiBh to put my affairs in order." " Why ? Are you going to play truant from your estate for au indefinite period ?" asked the dootor. ^ y«. . " Yes, doctor.<\,I have been told that my chañóos of a loDg life oanConJy be/ensurod by a warmer olimate. Iv have^been^bidden to the South of Franoo for the winter mouths. What say you ? Aird the young man soon after underwent a olose examination at the bands of the good dootor, who fully endorsed the advice Lionel had received. " You must consider yourself my patient," said he, " and obey my directions. You need ai¿3gbe better armed against the weather this «Weak month, for one thing Spring is ever dangerously deoeptive to the delicate, no matter what guise it assumes..".,, ¿^ And when"Lionel^toó\inté4 his steed, after exchanging friendly adienx with" the Gaytons, his throat and ohest were protected by a warm muffler, knit by the nimble fingers of Mistress Mildred. That it was worn without reluolance it is needless to add * * * * * * Very sad and quiet seemed Desley Court, as Dr. Gayton cantered up the drive under the tall elms. It eeemed'as though a shadow had fallen upon the old house.' No^elgn of life was visible until he approached the housë,~*wHen Rover's 'loud bark warned the oooppants of the arrival of a stranger, and old Joe Hinch, emerging from a side door that led into ono of the spacious gardens, saluted the'doctor. That gentleman returned hu obeitance, and enquiied " Are the ladies at home, Hinch ?" "Yes, dootor." And the gardener advanoed and held the dootor's stout oob, from whioh its rider dis- mounted, and was admitted to the house. He was very warmly reoeived by Lcttioe and Mistress Thornelow. About both a quiet, sub- dued sadness seemed to rest, tho shadow of a deep grief that was as yet unhealed by the great restorer-Time. After a few preliminary remarks, Doctor Gayton plunged into the object of his visit, and ended by asking^them. to, aocdropany his party to London, out of tWreaoh o^daogerr " Wo are deeply sensible of your thoughtful kindness, dootor," replied Mistress Thornelow, "but we must perforce déclinait, for my son and Master Delmayn are, I beliove, oven now on their way to fetch us from Dosloy. There- fore I oannot do other than Bay nay to your proposal, whioh otherwise it would have given us special pleasure to accept. I trust we shall meet frequently in London when wo all arrive there." " I hope so, too," said Letty. " Please toll dear Milly bow grieved I am we cannot journey together. I should bave been so glad to have had suoh a doar oompaoion on tho road." Dootor Gayton smiled roguishly. " I will faithfully convey your message, Mis- tress Lotty. Methinks, however, you have forgotten how very far from dull any journey made in such excellent company as that of Master Delmayn must neocssarily be," he said Letty blushed a rosy red, and looked down. "But, dootor, I did not say it would be dull," she said. " Nor do I suppose it will be," he returned. " But I must not linger," Le added, suddenly, " or the shades of evening will overtake me ere I reach home, and it is not safe out after dark So, dear ladies, I will wish you a pleasant and prosperous journey, hoping that naught will happen to vex or perplex you throughout," " All whiob, in turn, wo wish most heartily for you and yours, dootor," returned MiBtress Thornelow. A cordial handshaking and the interchange of farewells followed, and then the good doctor mop ited his trusty Bteed and trotted off towards rtËpmingham. He arrived homo without moles *^a^on, and reported the result of his visit, whioh was received with much regret, but no surprise The preparations for departuro made a grand commotion in the doctor's household. Packing, and sorting, and oleaning were going on the day long, and the worthy son of Esoulapius, to escapo tho general confusion, shut himself up with his favourite books, when he was not busy in looking after that portion of the packing in whioh he was more especially concerned. At last the morning fixed on for their depar- ture arrived, and Lionel Stanford, who had reached Birmingham the previous afternoon, sallied out to the Bell Tavern, where he had billeted his body guard, and brought thom up j ready. The Gaytons took with them a maid servant and the Dootor's man, who wishod to continue in his service. The farewells with old friends and acquain-1 tances bad been exchanged, and tho party pur- sued their way to Coventry, keeping off the main road, however, to avoid falling in with any straggling bands of Royalist troops, many of whom, it was reported, were hovering about between Warwiok and- Birmingham. They reached the old city before nightfall, and were heartily glad to see its "three tall spires looming in the distance. Coventry was garrisoned by Parliamentarian troops, and the travellers were promptly admitted, and found their way to the house'of, an old friend of the dootor, who lived in Smith ford Street. -TnisJ gentleman, Master Booth, insisted ou their resting at bis «howe for- a- day at leaBt, and ( they- were not a to accept bis hospitality, as the weather d unpropjtjous for, travelling / Nor did na for two or three following days, during which onr travellers were compelled to postpone the resumption' of theirj-Jurhey/ ' ' ' LioDel-waijperfeotly content: and Mildred, to whoiri the scene Vas,' new,'and^ his'óompany ' very pleasant, was also not ill pleased They roamed the city together or aoeompanied by her unole, gazed in unfeigned admiration on the noble arohiteoture of St. Michael's and Trinity Ghurohea, visited Grey Friars and Bab lake Hospitals, and conversed with the aged Inmates of those fine institutions, one of whom, à donizen of Bablake, gave thibr^in his gar- rulous way, an 'interesting account of the splendid carnival held '^Kenilworth on the occasion of the visit of Queen Elfis»both to hor favourite, Robert, Earl of Leicester. That I memorable pageant had boon witnessed by the narrator's father, who had been one of the great Earl's retainers, and who had trans- mitted tho story to bis son. Full of intorost to the young pcoplo were the hoary, ruins of the Priory, founded and enriohed by 'Lady Godiva and her stern lord ; as well as the fast crumb- ling walls of Coventry's Cathodral. Whon tho sly cleared and the woather became fino, they felt loth to quit the fair and well-guarded oity ; and on taking leavo of their kind host, they did so with mnny expressions of regret. Rugby was their next balting-plaoe, and there they stopped but one night, and the noxt day pushed on for Northampton. From thenoe to Bedford, then to the little town of Luton, and on the following day to St Albans. All this distance, by the practice of many precau- tions, and the exeroiao of great vigilanoo by Lionel, they, escaped molestation. The last stage of the journey, however, was destined to be more eventful, *n ' f"" Thoy had scarcely 'lost áigbt -of tho gray tower of the old abbey, and were not more than a.mile and a balf from the town, whon they heard horsemen approaching in front. The road wound over a slight eminence, and pre- vented them seeing far ahead Thero was no covert near at hand adapted for oonooalment, and no diverging road or lane near down whioh they could turn and so avoid a rencontre. It seemed I runless to turn back ; thoy did not care to go on. Lionel and Dootor Gayton con- ferred a minuto, and then the former bado his men, headed by Jenks, assume the defensive, in case the now comers should prove unfriendly. He and the dootor then looked to their arms, and having made sure that all their pistols wore primed, slowly advanoed, Lionel riding on one side of the ladies and the dootor on the other Almost immediately, five villainous-looking men, roughly dad in ooarae buff doublets and leather jerkins, with long unkempt hair and beards, dashed up, and the foremost, in loud, hoarse voice, bid him halt " And who, pray, are you who thus unocro moniously oommand us peaceful travellers to halt ; and by whoso authority-?" asked Dr. Gayton. , ' " <? ,/" " It matters little by whose authority, so that I wield the power to enforco whafT'demand," rejoined the robber. % " We do not intend to do aught you com- mand. We oare nothing for idle threats, whioh can harm us not, and wo oarry a goodly storo of cold lead, which is at the sorvioe of all such gentlemen as you appear to bo," said Lionol, and he olioked his pistol's trigger significantly as he spoke. Quick as thought, in answer to a signal as rapidly givon by their leador, tho five ruffians fired, each at his man, and Ho of Lionel's men rolled dead upon the road. Tho captain of the band had levelled his ovn pistol at Lionel, but beforo either ho or Lionel, whoso hand WOB upraised with levelled pistol, had time to disohargo tboir weapons, a shot struck the fellow in the tomplo, and with ono deep groan ho fell baok wards, and dropped backwards from the saddle. Lionel looked round and saw Milly, palo, but undaunted^ grasping the pistol the bullet from which had just, in all probability, saved bis life. Meantime,'«tfenks, and his two remaining comrades had returned the dastardly fire with effect, killing two more of their asîailants, and disabling a third. Tho wounded man and his mate, with a volley of curses, turned thoir horses' heads and galloped off again, leav- ing the attaoked party in possession of the field The travellers were muoh affcoted by the Iragie end whioh had overtaken the two faith- ful fellows, and Mistress Gayton fainted away Nor was Milly muoh better, after the effects of the first excitement had subsided. But the doctor, who had provided himself with various drugB and mqdioaments, administered restora- tives, and tbey were soon onabled to retrace their steps to St Albans, whither tht-y deemed it advisablo to convoy the bodies of tho poor men so treacherously slain. This delayed their arrival at London fcr two or three days, aB the dootor insisted upon seeing them decently buried, at his own oost-ho, Lionel and Jenks following them to tho grave Great was the praiso lavished upon Milly by her unole and Lionel for her heroic conduct, and low and fervent the thanks of the latter for tho servioo sho had rendered him. Modestly she disclaimed any pretensions to superior oourago or self- possossion. " I saw what you, speaking, failed to, and knowing your peril, I nerved myself to the aot," she said. " You would havo mourned, then, if I had fallen by an assassin's bullet, Milly ?" ho said. She oolourcd at tho sound of lier Christian ñamo from his lips, for he bad hitherto never so addressed her,and felt embarrassed by his ques- tion. " Yes, I should have been very sorry," she said at length. Lionel's heart bounded. Ho was on the eve of telling Milly how he loved her, and imploring her to bo his wife, when the dootor joined them The throe had been together to seo tho venerable and beautiful old abbey, and Dr. Gayton had just been giving some* direotons to-the sexton concerning the graves of tho murdered men They now turned their steps baok to the hostelrie where they lodged, and on that evening no further opportunity presented to Stanford for the deolaration of his passion. On the morrow they set out for London, this time arriving in Bafoty, without any misadventure or incident. There for the present we will leave them. (To be continued.) Some idea of the extent to whioh the Chinese aro migrating to other oountries may be learned (says an exchange) from a memorial to the Im- perial Government of China, from the Governor of Shanghai [In this memorial* he urges the -appointment of diplomatic <7and consular re. presen tatives In all oöuntries Where Chinese are spttled. Ho estimates'the number Of Chinese in Australia and California at 250,000; ia Siam at 250,000 ; in Bingar Ore, 100,000; in Penang, 85,000 ; in Manilla, 25, 000 ; and in Japan, 10,000-making a total of 720,000. In this lUt no account is taken of Peru or Cuba, or several other countries 'whioh have respektable numbers of Chinamen. .The- memorial is a significant indication of change in opinion in the Celestial«. - Thoy have at last discovered that they must finally come into the family of Nations and adopt the general system of in ' ternational relations. 