-JCHE DRUNKEN ,M L A. . A.faqotipus writorin. tlie.^Opuri^r,'. m^refor ouco to, recent. p.irliajuentury procaed^uigs says- :—; But thb-real businoss- was the' Liind- Billj-'ni which members sottlod down to work W if- ' thoy muant business. 'Mr. Poclioy especially ad dressed himself to it, liko a giant vory much ro froshtjd, ,. He made some lengthy* but very!1 vaguo remarks. -Like the ghost of -Hamlet, sontor, ho did a tale, unfold. It was his coat tale, ami Mr. Footo pulled him down by it. After tea:liis spirits had rison high, nearly to his throat. - '-Oh, sloop, it is a gentle thing!' ns onioringo says. Mr. focliey went- in 'for ashare1 of tho 'gontlo tiling,' mid' on a division occur-'-' ring, was insensible, As . Mr. JFOchey seldom .-is .sensible, it is strange that any particular notice' should have boon takon of this 'fact-. ? -But tlio teller - omitted to reckon 'him ' with the' ayes, and Mr. Mncrossan complained that so' important a muiiiber should liavo been passed over. ' Hero w.-ik a gentleman of iiitolligonee and ] roputation so romarkablb' that tkb olectoni con sidered themselves honored in socuriiig liim 'us their 'representative in tho Parliament of tlie - colony, and his voto on n 'subject deeply' affecting that constituency had not been taken into a£ count. Mr, Pqchey.' maintained a philoappliiq disregard of thb remarks affecting him, and cpii-' tinned to slunibor liko a lovely nnd iniiocbnt infant. Mr. Morohoad nppoarod tonchod at' tlio 'speotaclo, and sent tlio' messenger - for a pillow: for the swoot sleeper. Tlio tellers wore re proached for omitting to tako so influential and. interesting a momber's voto into account. Tliby had nothing to offer in exenso except tho paltry ' suggestion that Mr. Pcchuy's vpto'could hardly.bo counted, and no one could judge, how, ho would liko it to go. The fact of a high-bred gentloiqan choosing a particular bonch to snoro upon could scarcely be accepted as conclusive ovidence of his sentiments with regard to a debate which he had not heard, and a question of which he liad .no consciousness. As tho ' Courier's' ropurt put it, Mr. Peclioy still maintained his serono uiicoiisuiimsiiess, nnd ' refrained from taking any part in the dismission.' The tollers had to give way and record tho 'vote' on behalf of tho ayos. Ho was tho cynosuro of all eyes. The House wont on with, tho Land Act. without. any. frothing, and by-and-by Mr. Pochey aroused himself from balmy. sloop, and mado his way out with asolomn air: of solf-npproval which,' as re sulting from utter unconsciousness that lie had bep.p tho. hero .of a long ;disQUBsion, and shad achieved faino wliilo ho .slopt, was oxtieinoly diverting. ?' ' ; ' 