5 MASKED MINER; OR THE. , dralster'. I)aughter° jLO NARR'TIVE OF TiE BLAO? \- iO-- 3OND COUNTRY. SE XXIII (CooTINoeED.) ofO1 not trust me, Teddy? Bow _ otbling ; it shall beas you say. e on the hill at half-past one ,one hour and a. half from this SYou can conceal the carriage in -lo, to the left, you know; you -e so before. Meet me thlenoand \- you. And now be off, for you ?nime to lose. I will hurry home o a few things." C~HAPTISR XXIV. ESCAPE FROM GAOL., ill return for a brief season to ofTom Worth. n old Ben had gone, the prisoner nd approaching the grating above w the letters out from his bosom. ted them leisurely again. Then -,d about himn. He rapidly Sall tlhe papers which he had from tinme to time since he had prison. He tore them to frag itby bit, and flung them under Tiss. Then he gathered up the iclts of wearing apparel he had n,and put them on, one by-one. himselfso as to front the grated hoe strletched his limbs outlazily, ng hishead fall uipon his breast, o court slumber. othe-o singular lettters we can lay before the reader; but the -lhus1 tFitio --forsuch I know you tobe ned Iall. I know you are innocent e of which yoi are charged, as you -ondfesrloso in saving me that terrible .crtaiidestruction. Merest ohanco pan optortunity to write to you. iht the change will prove avail ow you lhavo a staunbch friend in Ben onm what I have readc of him, I know ruste. I anm kept as aprisoner ina high hill some miles from Bilston, agineit waa Beacon Hill. Toll your! old miner, to go to some eminence lily and wath iall around him to. iht-wtoh in every direction-and ?rbeh halft.past one o'clook. 'At that keeps his eyes well nbout him,' het me flilmng balls of red lighlt-fluating mewhere. Lot .him mark well the uten thither, for I am there. Thoe e to him. I can write no more. free, tlhat oo may be. Beaven bless Onerver! c HIL.. On' cs ITACBFL'ET. lagrew on :the darkness be o intense. 'orth still sat with his head hisbreast. His heavy, regular old that he was sleeping sound. o'clock run out. ly, and betore the vibrations ighbouring clanging bells had rill in the air, Tom started in A distant, faint, ticking sound enar; it came from the grated av----" oe. aor slowly arose and gave itle. It was answered imme abosve. Then thie young man tly awaiting. d distinctly hear the heavy, reathing, as of a strong man \- which taxed .his strength to I. With bated breath he the loose rubbish and mortar rolled down into the cell, and ofwind blew in. ted window was removed I st after, a stout hempen cord -oiielessly down into the cell teopen window. lThe prisoner as a drowning man grasps a say Bon," he said, in a low, t determined voice. at once stretched to its. fill o came the.terrible strain, as r's full weight bore like lead ing cord. But that cord was the tvindow was reached. sant the. prisoner: felt.:his ltehed in a firmn grasp ;.then lydrawn through. the aper ment more, and he stood on uod without, locked in the ace of old Ben Walford. loat no time. They turned ked a few rods, sprdaing over ag lightly, and stood in the s ilcat and deserted. coia, Bou," gasped Toms We must not miss the to Wolverhampton for our a hare but a few moments. l Iake yourself easy, nmy all he in time, but we must snd old Ben can run too; he old miner struck off with as of youth, closely followed rth. They soon reached the ln. The last bell had rung. tily procured their tickets, a te railway carriage, the Se a shrill whistle, and the t they were dashing onto Serhampton at express speed. e train arrived at WVolver on Worth and old Ben were leop upon the platform. The d up at the clock, and clutch piainion's arm, whispered in i o'clook, Ben. Can we reach I by half-past ?" n-t run for it, my lad, and we too, for Miss Grace's sake." m ien rushed to the exit en were about to dash past t ollcctor, forgetting in their Sheir tickets had to be given Sofficial barred the passage. :, please." sotanrled strangely familiar rof 'mr Worth, and averting t c slipped his ticket into the ld, hand passed out. But as a up his tilcket, the collector Snever I Beon Walford for lo .jokled round and recognized 'a rkhly. there anythlinog strange in I Walford ?" replied the agedl a frowna a bit, " responded the ticket l only if I hadn't a known 'that Torn Worth was under lock and key, I should have thought that the mnn who has just passed out in such a flutter wias he. a Good night, Ben. " . " Good night, or morning,," growled 'Ben, hurryine aftier his friend. ' When ho got outside the station he found Tom Worth waiting anxiously. " For heaven's sake, Ben," exclaimed Tom, " let us hurry along I" '" One moment, Tom," whispered Ben.' *."That ticket collector was Edward Mlarkley. .When he hears of your escape, he will again take his oath that he has seen you." H"" He may swear what he likes to morrow," replied Tom Worth, entbusia stically. " So lona' as we rescue Miss Harley from a villain's clutohes, what care I for myself. Come 1" He was about to start off at a run, when a hiand front. behind was placed iipon his arm .Tom's heart for a moment sank within him. He turned suddenly; but instead of encountering, as ho had expected, a policoeman, he saw a cab driver, whip in hand. " You seem to be in a hurry, yotung man e Where can I drive you ? Come, give us a fare; trade's been dull to-night, and I'm lshivering for a drop' o'rum.." Tom Worth did not hesitate a moment. It seemed to him as if Providonce had put the cab in their way. Without ques tioning the man as to what was his faro, he in stantly leaped into the vehicle and called upon old Ben. S. "Whoere shall I drive !" inquired Jou., as ne saw uen waltord scramboi into the cab. " We want to be driven some distance along the Diudloy-road. Now, go it like steam. We will tell you when to btop. The faster you drive us the more money you will earn." The driver, with a broad grin, leaped upon the dicky, muttering to himself : " Miners don't often ride in cabs. But maybe they're not miners. Ha I ha I in disguise. There's some little game up, I'll bet; but what business is it of mine so:long as they pay ? Here goes." Crack went the whip across the horse's back, and the next moment the vehicle was rattling on its journey at a good speed. Tom Worth sat gazing from the win dowsof the cab to make sure that the driver was taking them in the right direction. *The 'misof ihoe night, had partly cleared a'iviy, and a few stars now studded the early morning sky. 'At last the goal was reached. Tom Worth descried, through the dim haze, the gloomy-looking hill. * Stop, stop " ' cried the miner ex citedly--" atop; we get. out here." "The' 'cabdriver immediately obeyed the sUmmos, and the' two miners leapt from the vehicle. ' " oere is half a'sovereign for you, my good mani," said Tom Wdorth drop ping the coin into the eager cabman's palm ;r"' and now drive baek as qideiok as you came, if you like." " Thank ''e, gents," said Jhu, e'ye. ing the' glittering coin--" thanks ye are bricks. Good night 1" \- Andwith'this' be turned hlis horse's head and eonimenoed his 'lhdiewiard journey. . " Thank heaven, -we are here -in time,' muttered Tom Worth to his faithful friend?".. ": Ay, that. cab has servedd us e.ll," replied old.Ben.: .." The nextthing is how to act." " Leave that :to me, Bon. We will asoend the hill. Come!" The two rhiners left the main road, and strode off for the hill.. " Just on the rise of the hill was a new building, evidentlyan engine-house be longing to some iron mine. 'There'wras the tall brick ohimnoy 'in itniuhfinished state, with the scaffolding around, tier above tier, toea giddy height. ; :":By Jove' '"' lclaimed Tom Worth, when he saw the erection. , ,:By Jove, Ben, the top of that chimney mustserve. us as a look-out. We must climb it at all risks." " . -" ky; that's the plase," respondel old Bao, eagerly, 'i' anod, myj.ad, tlhoughl"it will be a hard climb up that light seaf felding, we'll do it. "Let's thank our stars it's there. It's ann awful riasky busihess,' liit nieer mind thaltf . 'Thlo top of that place will seryo us well. It's high 'enouigh for us to see all the houses around." - ;' " Yes, Ben, we;oiist .olimb it, come what ma?ny."' .?. , .,:..?. .:., . STomn'Worth spoke in a low, excited, but decided tone.. . Nothing' further was said. ' The :two menpasted softly round the enclosure. to theileft of the building, and leaping over the fence, groped their' way beneath the overhanging scaffolding which led up to the summit of the'giddy bchimney. They reached the first scaffolding and there found a ladder leading higher. The other staging was reaehed-anJtlfer ladder found; and thus, on and on, up. wardandupward, the two friends climbed higher and higher. The sharp, brick chimney was grow ing more tapering and slender, moment by moment; and now, as the men paused for breath, it seemed that they could girdle it in their arms. Glancing upward, there, in the" un certain gloom just above them, was the coping stones of the chimney!.. ,' A sickening feeling crept over' wom WVorth, and he dared not glanceh below. He cowered down on the narrow staging that swung and rocked under the wind, which, at this great altitude, blew and sung so madly I and, with closed eyes and almost auspendedbreaih, he olung on with a nervous grasp to the swaying boards which alone held him from dos trntion. Not a word was spoken for several minutes. At length old Ben said, in a low voiceo : ,, , ' '"' " A ticklish place this, Tom. Hold on tight. We can soee 'all' ro'nd from hore." " Can you seec tho top of Beacon Hill ?" asked the other,, in a low breath, without opening his eyes. He dared not trust himself as yet to look once, despite the gloom surr.ounlding hin. " Easily, and the very top, and all about,": was old BEn's reply. "Then watch.in that direction; for unless I am wondrously mistaken, we will see thart why what we seek." Thean ensued a silence of sonle mninntts, and Tom Worth had., at last dared to look around him. lHe was painfully excited. . : -' Slowly glided the minutes, and the men strained their eyes around them. Then' came the glad and welcome sig .nal for which they looked. A'red light, as of a ball of flame, small, and quickly fleeting, flashed out in the. morning haze, far away over the hill. Then another, and another, and another still I And then all was gloom. again. " She has kept her word," said Tom Wortlh, " and I was neot mistalken I We must hurry, Ben, to tile resone." So saying, Tom Worth slid alolng the plank to the end, swtng himself around the upright scaffoldpolo, reached the friendly ladder, and commenced:the decent. Old eon followed close behind him. Staging after staging wao passed, and at last the two men stood at the bottom. in a minute more they were over tihe fencing, and without 'pausing, liurried away in.the direction from lwhere the mysterious lights had proceeded. OHAPTER XXV. SMEETINGS AND PARTINGSB. " Ha, governor, did you see those lights ?" Yes, Teddy, and, by Jove! I am sure they conoe from my cabin. ' Come, coin! Somethiog is wrong there. Let us draw nearer and see what all this means;" alnd he started forward. " We lhad better stay here, governor. They may be ghosts. This is the hour for them to be abroad." The man spoke seriously and hung back. "Ghosts I Come on, fool, and none of your nonsense. Tie the horses to the old post there and follow me. Wo have no time to lose, for there's work ahead of us between this and day." 'lThe other man still hesitated, but only for a moment. Ho turned, and taking the horses by the bit forced them to back the carriage a few feet. He then tied. the reins to a post, the sole remains of a fence that once skirted this portion of the hlill. The men at once left the main road in which they stood, and pushed on towards 'Beacon Hill. . Fuorther - down the same deserted road, two other men strode along at a rapid pace.. They were tail, brawny fellows, and they, too, bent there stride up the hill. They walked swiftly, as if tlihv kiew every inoh'of thei'groiid Well, and as if they, too, had work be foro them, . " We are near thl spot, B3en, and i long to be there. If we are successful it will be a grand triumph for me; if we. are wrong-if we .faill. Yet we cannot, must not-fail, 'Twould craze me now aftereoitry thing has worked so well,,but, Ben, should we succeed in resacuing the young lady,; what will ivd do? 'Tis not a more step from here to Biiston. 'Aid latstornot, I wish to teach the old aristocrat there that an honest poor man can prove his innocence, aiid I'll do it.: " You shall do it, Tom, for if it' can't be arranged othorwise,. why,,by Jove, we'll carry the young lady ourselves. In such work as that I can'get along under a thousand weight; and she, poor girl, I dare ,say,. is as.light as a sparrow. Besides, .Tom,,.you have an arm on you, anid it is no 'child's either. We can manage all this; but, did you think, Tom, that we, haven't found-.the young lady yet . Heaven grant we may" " l . '"Amein '!" replied Tom Worth, in i' deep,' earnest o!e, . , . ,.. .. : ,They redoubled their exertions; and strode on at a rapid stridd'up the iill.''" Again soveral minutes passed in;esi lnice., Suddeiily Tom Wortlih halfedl. !1 .H ist, hisst, Ben; there is a carriage -seo, just there, ii. the hollow ?",:. Yes,; hy boy, I see it. and' we have company on ihe liill. e e. haowdo;krk, too, Ton- that's-a iure thing. And," he continued, in a :v'ery loi;, hit deter 'mined.voice, "rascality. is. the 'game I We'll see.who gets the :oarriageo '' " Hivo youdiiany weapon, B?O,'. asekd the other. " None but my stout' arnims; they are enough. Wo beo unato tilihe man ii'who braves me." . ' Then come, Bon.. Habl hy heavepns, you are right;' the villians are at ?odrk. Voices, Ben-~-voicees I and now, fr ven geannce ;" inmdias'a long .sailinig;shriek, evidently from i female thiroat, souided shrill and piercing oin the still night air tile two friends rushed fori'arid "to the top of the iiill. ; Amaomileht n lt di'els?led before they stood on the summit iand not over twenty yards from .the? bid house. . . . Beforoe .thoetii, ,indistinetly, in thei gloom, a struggle was going on., And tliehen the ooarose voice of an angry, eox cited inan, penled out in in angry.voice, and 4hLe a loi. wailing ciy for imeroy, went feebly up. "Noiw, old friend, into then I' shouted To'i vdrthl, ii a voice tlat, wasi stin torian in its power. Old Ben needed no enouragement. With thhe bound of a tigeor :h'e.spruig. forward by the side of his younger com panion, who was fairly flying onward. A inconSut,.and like an ivalanche, they swept ipon their assailants; in another, heavy thuds of falling fists sickening and terrible, sounded on the air; and then the fierce breathing, and the half. muttered ourses, of strugeling mon ; then a pistol- shot, and another-all told that a terrible contest was in progress. But nothing could stand up aga;nst these two irou-mngd' men qf the wuines, with their muscles of steel. (To ho Co'sstissued.) 