THE BOOK AGENT. ±ao most maofatigable book agont in our plr.ee id Mr. Duuncr. The other day he called upon Colonol Bango, of tho Argus, and the following, conversation ensued ; — JOunnor. — ' I wish to — . — ~- ? ' -Ool. — ' I don't v/ant any,' D ?—' 1 say that I desire to ? ' Col.-— 'Makes no difference; I don't wiM--- ?? it/,' ?'- D.— 'To see you for a fow moments 'alone in ?order to ? ' Col. — ?' O, yen I do, I understand /you, per* -icuwy, jH.r. j^unner. 1 Know exactly what you ?want. You've got under your arm some sample alacetaof a life of Christopher Columbus, which in, to be issued Imiumbors at fifty cents apiece. It ia full of preposterous old pictures of Columbno landing on the shores of tho new world with three or four poople' around him, dressed liko tho ghost iu 'Hamlafc,' and a dozen or two naked m/wei-a bowine: down before him. And woadering whr/j in tho thundor ho means by standing thffro, waving a flsg in one hand and forandiahing 'his sword with the other. That's what yo-;. gofcj and you want me to subscribe for .it.' ;Dv— Nothing of the sort, sir.' €ol, — ' Or eJso you'vo got a specimen cooy of ?'j, now illustrated History of tho United States, with onts of Gonernl W.'bshingfcon'a horse stand ing on throe logs, while a cannon ball whistles by him which George is trying to catch in his hat. And it has in a lot of poetraits of cole -.-i.»,Lcu. -tT-munutsLib wiiion looix d.b 11 tiioy were drawn to go on rag babies, and a representation ofthobattlo cf Bunker Hill, in whioh ono man in lying on the ground while another rams a bayonet into him, and all the rest huddle round and don't do anything. I've seen them often. We U3o thorn for starting the fii:e3 up at our honno. You can't coll any to me.' D. — 'You aro very much mistaken, colonel ; Ooh — ' Oh, woll, it makes no difTorcujce. It's something or othor of that kind. A life of the Signore, majbo. with a wry-necked American oaglo screaming on the title-page ; or adventures on the Plains, writSon by somo bald-headed lunatic, who'a been out thors ekotohing around among the Indians ; or a Farmer's Gnidej which instructs the agriculturist not to knock his watoi*meloQB off fche trees until they get yellow ; or some euoh Blush as that. I've got lots of 'em. But I'm not bnying any now. So good morning I nee you'ro in a hurry.' D.— ''Colonelj tho fact is that I wont to put an ndverfcisoaient in yourpapor.' Coh — Cc An advortice— why, ait down, my doar cir. Excuae me for keeping you standing. Tako a choir. There, now. Now what can I do for you.' u.— ' 1 nave nere a very mtereoting and valuable book, tho e Lifo of Bishop Potts, the Mormon Saint.' Look at it, It gives an inside viow of Mormonism, exposes all their myBteries and tolls a story which must thrill the soul o£ tho entire nation. Col. -«-8S Capital Book 5 escellanfc; the very thing to soil ; just what tho poopio want. Now you want to advortiae it, do you ?' D. — *' Yos ; I'd like to have this prospeotus insorted ten times.' Col. — ' Ten, yea ; ton fifteena — one hundred and fifty at ten contn a line ia fifteen— yes, fif teen dollars.' D.— 'You think it will help tho book?' Col.— 'Think? I know it, All a book liko ? that wcints is to have public attention directed fco it. People'll just go for it.' D. — 'And now about paying for the adver tisement. Fifteen dollars I think you said ?' Col.— 'Yos: fifteen.' D. — -0 Jes so. I sell the book at 5 dollars 50 cont, but I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to put yon in at»l dollar 50 ceito, and send you round, con or em. Ten times 1 dollar 50 conts is ju3t 15 dollars, and fehon we're square.' Col. — *' Ain't you go ng to pay cash ?'' D. — ' Oh, no ; of course not,' Col.—' Oh, you ain't hoy ? Well I wouldn't touch your infernal old moss of truck about that polygamus boast of a Mormon with a forto-foot any niore'n I would any other Garrion, Ib's nothing but drivolliug idiocy ; and you don't take it out of here, along with that coffin-jawed hypocritical countenance of youro, I'll havo you . kicked down stairs by tho foreman.' Then Mr. Dunner withdrew, and tho colonol went back to work, indignant that he had been imposed upon. The renders of the Argus are not yet aware of tho fact that a Life of Bishop Potts is for sale. — Max Adoler. 