DAMNO BUROLA1UI5S IN OXFOIíD.STÍtKET, SYDNEY. K.llii.v on Sunday morning burglaries of a daring character woro committed upon tho premiso», Nos. Ki, 18, and 20, Oxford-street, occupied respectively by Mr. Gcoghogan, Mr. W. (Jrcon, anil Messrs. Myora and Crelmi : and thu perpetrators seem to havo gono about tlieir work in ipiitu a systematic manner. Air. Oreen thinks they must havo entered his premisos about .'1 o'clock in tho morning. Ho tells us thntthoy inndo an entry through tho Tcitelion window, on tho collar iloor, and ransacked almost ovory room and drawer in tho place, Thoy took what inonoy thora was in tho till, hut fortunately that happoncd to bo very small in amount. Thou they went upstairs to where a room in which ono of tho men employed on tho promises was »looping, and rilled his pockets of tho monoy they contained, broko opon a chest and a portmanteau, mid scattered tho things about tho floor. About los in monoy was taken from tho room. Another mau employed on tho premises was sleeping in nu adjoining room, but ho was not visited, probably hecauso thero was a dog in tho room. Thou tho intrudors visited tho room occupied by Mrs, mid Mm. Oreen, but Mrs. Oreen was awakened by tho chilli crying, and this Mr. Green accounts for in this way : Ho is quito confident tko burglars used drugs of soiuo kind upon ontoring tho rooms to causo tho occupants to becomo stupefied, and there is no doubt this was tho case. All tho occupants of thc houso felt tho effects next morning. Mr. Oroon described himself as hoing porfcetly powerless and stupefied, and oxpor ieucoil n peculiar pungent Sensation in tho nostrils, mid a dizziness in the hoad. Similar symptoms woro folt hy tho other occupants of tho houso, and oven hy tho dog, which has since boon drowsy and scarcely ohio to oat its fond. What is stranger still, nono of tho inmates of tho houso awoke in tho morning till after 8 o'oloek, and thou thoy lind to bo called up by tho neighbours. Thoir usual hour for rising is about 5 o'clock. Arr. Oreen then accounts for tho eliild wnking by tho fuot that its hoad was undornnath tho liedelothcs, lind thorofnro it might havo only lwon very slightly nffeutod by tho drug-pcrhnps just sufll ciont tri be nwakoned by it. Sirs.' Oreen tried to awaken hot- husband, but was uuiibto to do so. All ho remembers is a confused ¡doa of having, in his sloop, felt tho smell or sonic nmiHcous drug, winch ho could only liken to burnt musk. However, tho noise mudo hy tho child and its mother appeal's to havo frightonod tho burglar or burglars, for nothing was taken from this mom, nlthnugh thoro was over £200 in cash within ensy roach. Tho rascally intruders got lint littlo from Mrs. O icon's promises. Tho entry' into tho promises of Messrs. Myora mid Crullln, appears to have bcoii mndo hy tho window nt tho back opening of tho bakery. Tho saino smell was poreoptililo by thu illina ton of thoso promises ns Mr. Oreen doscrlbccf, and thoy woro similarly nlfuotod, though not to tho samo dogrco. Mr. Cronin lives on tho promisos, hut Mr. Myora docs not. Tho cash-box was forcod open, but only a tow comiera had. been, loft' in: it. iii a room occupied by Mrs. Myers' father and mothon I the burglars woro moro fortunato.,... They.took about £1 from thc pocket of Mr. Myers, sen., and about £1 10a from that of liin wifo." In Mr. CroUin's room thoy got £3, which was in his trbusors pocket, mid also took bis watch, but Mr. Crellinhappened to wake just ns one of tho burglars was about to lonvo. Mr. Crollin called out to ibo robber, who turned round, handed him his watch, and thou struck him oror tho head with a weapon, which Mr. Crellin boliovos to bo a "sling-shot." Although nearly stunned by tho blow, Mr. Crollin got up mid .had a suufllo with his assailant, but bo managed to get clenr ott. Tho sum of £2 7s was also taken from a person nainod " Quinn, who slopt in tho same house. There wore two dogs on tho premises, but they woro rendered quito stupid hythe drutr used, nnd noxt dnv woro unite sick nnd -Emling Xeir't. . A powerfully built young linly from Ghost's Guloh walked into n dry goods store st Canyon City, Colo- rado, tho other day, and inquired nt tho bachelor olerk, "Do you koep boos, young follnrî" Yes, ma'am, all kiuds," was tim reply ¡ and pulling down a couple of boxes of hose, ho hold a pair to view. She looked straight ut him, turned rou, and ovorllowed with tho remark, " You fool, thom's Btockin's, 1 want a hoc." Ho referred h«r to tho hardwaro stare, . ? ' Tailers aro said to bo like soma of their customers ; thoy sponge first,; nnd thou out. . i : . . 