THEATRE ROYAL. MR, ADAMS AS HAMLET. Mr. Edwin Adams appeared last night in the character of Hamlet He made a most favourable impression by perfectly legitimate means. He belongs to what may be described as the traditional school, as distinguished from the natural school. And in saying this it is not by any means intended to convey the impression that Mr. Adams' performance of the part is undistinguished by ease and freedom, or that it is spoiled by faults of ex- aggeration. It is elocutionary rather than colloquial, but the elocution is certainly of a very high kind. Mr. Adams' Hamlet is another illustration of how advantageously natural intelligence, careful study, scholarly analysis, and diligent practice may be bestowed in perfecting a character, which has tested the capabilities of the greatest minds that have given themselves to its interpreta- tion. If his Hamlet does not appear to possess extraordinary originality, it is nevertheless remarkable for great finish. He has not attempted singularity by eccentric or capricious new readings, but he has used his judgment with most commendable discern- ment in accepting the most rational mean- ing of passages which have formed the subject of controversy, and his bye play, in many situations, furnishes an explanation that even an enthusiastic regard for Shaksperian accuracy may accept. This power of imparting emphasis was more especially denoted in the ghost scene. The ghost's speech seemed to penetrate into his SOUL He became, for the time, oblivious of every consideration other than the one dominant influence of supernatural visita- tion. It is easy, as need hardly be said, to exhibit emotion by outward manifestations, but the difference between what is ordinarily seen under such circumstances, and what was displayed by Mr. Adams last night, is so greatly in BIB favour, in respect of an entire spontaneousness, as to merit very particular notice. He seemed to embody the qualities of terror and amazement SO perfectly as to create in the audience a feeling of absolute absorption, like to his own and if even his acting in the other scenes had been less effective, the intensity shown in the ghost scene would have compensated for comparative inferiority in the others. Speak. is generally of his manner, it was distinguished by the absence of an appearance of effort There was no strain ing after effects. The customary points were made, but they came in as parts of the whole ; they were not forced ; there was none of that obvious soliciting of applause ; no waiting for demonstrations of satisfaction. Of his conception of the character, it manifestly coincided with that generally adopted by those who have most intelligently judged it He has accepted Hamlet as a "mind overthrown," but not destroyed. He shows very well its introspeotiveneaa, its dreaminess, its gentleness, its proneness to vacillation, and yet he gives the character as a whole. It is not broken up into sections. Although, as we have said, an elocutionary study, there is no sacrifice of its essential meaning. He makes it clear as a whole. If not brilliantitissolidly truthful. Hisappearauceis not what we have of late been made familiar with in this character. His impaired health is adverse to the possibility of realising the young Prince. For all this, his voice, although it has lost its no doubt once liquid intonation is yet perfectly clear. It has been so well tutored and disciplined, that even when subdued to a whisper, it is perfectly distinct Not a word is lost, and as Mr. Adams is most conscientiously accurate in his familiarity with the text, it is a pleasure to follow him. It may be mentioned as an evidence of his consciousness of the tragic colouring of the drama, and of his desire to promote that feeling in the audience, that in those situations with Polonius, where usually a laugh is evoked, he spoke the passages which prompt these expressions of amusement, so as to render them as little as possible sources of interrup- tion to the rule of solemnity which consistently controls such a play. His object, altogether, was evidently to bring about a unity of idea in the minds of those present and it is quite certain that he succeeded, for although the house was not a fall one, it is seldom that a more complete attention is shown than was the case last night. With the exception of Ophelia, which was played by Miss Kate Douglass, the rest of the characters were supported by those who appeared in them on the last occasion when the tragedy was presented. Miss Douglass has been in Sydney for some time, and she has certainly gained in case of manner and steadiness of voice since last she played in this city. Her Ophelia is a very creditable piece of acting, and if she had but a somewhat better notion of time, so as to give the lyrical passages in the mad scene their due effect, she would by so much the more improve it. 