Witt ftebauc (i&mtm.; [I'UUUSIIGD DAILY.] Thursday, February 3, 1916. One of the very first requirements of a school system is a good set of text books. Tile series at present in use was readily accepted as the best product of the kind at the time they were adopted. The Board of National Education in Ireland were the first to feel the necessity for such books, because they were the first public body who were called upon to deal with education as a matter of public and national interest. Their work has stood the test of time. The compilation is an admirable one, thoroughly adapted for the contemplated purpose. That purpose was to supply the groundwork for the education of the young people of Ireland in a form to which as little exception as possible could be taken by persons given to sectarian refinement. Catholics and Protestants alike have used them without suffering any contamination, and they have been cheerfully adopted in Australia because they were the best and the cheapest series to be had at the time when education became here, what it was in Ireland, a matter of primary and national importance. But it is time to substitute for these something more in accord with Australian associations. Ireland will always be a country deeply interesting to many Australians, especially to those Australians who trace their descent from Irish parents, but it is scarcely expedient that Ireland should appear to be what it is to Irish children? the centre of the Universe. It is necessary to consider the impressions which are often unconsciously created on the youthful mind by early lessons of this kind, and a good series of primary school books, with special adaptations for Australian children, might be made to contribute in no small degree to a healthy patriotism in after life. This, in the United States, has perhaps been carried to extremes. So much is this the case that many American children are by no means disinclined, to look upon the Declaration of Independence as almost contemporaneous with the creation of the world. This, no doubt, is an exaggeration of the national sentiment, but it has had a decided effect upon a large proportion of the American people, and has made them rather too self- conscious. They have been taught to detest oppres- sion ; a very good thing in itself ; but, unfortunately, they have been taught, and are often still taught to look upon the English people as oppressors. This, of course, is quite the reverse of the truth in the present day, and the better information of later life corrects these impressions. Still, these, and probably some other delusions, do cling to their educational system, and while they have contributed to the building-up of a fine, healthy, national sentiment, they are not without their drawbacks. The primary object, however, of such a series as we require is, first, to provide a good vehicle for teaching the English language. Since the Irish National School series has been published, there has been a great variety of similar publica- tions, and there is now an ample choice. Any selection which may be made is sure to be very closely criticised; but it would not now be difficult to make a thoroughly good one. In the more advanced books of the series the difficulties will be greater. Unsectarian of course they must be, and therefore they must be catholic in a sense which those who are specially fond of calling themselves Catholics would scarcely admit. But when we say that they must be unsectarian, they may surely be penetrated by a sense of that which Goethe has described as the soul of all religion. It is that which no child brings into the world with him, and yet it is that without which there is no grandeur of conception, no creative power. Goethe calls it Ebrfurcht. We call it Reverence; that is honor, without fear, to those who are better than we are. Reverence and respect, not only for that which is above and around us, but for that even which is beneath us. Such reflections belong, however, rather to the ethics than to the practical work of education, which will attract the chief attention of the com- piles of the new series. We are happy to observe, from the remarks lately made by the Minister of Education in Victoria, that a meeting of the chief inspectors of education in the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, is contemplated, and that the compilation of an educational series, suitable for Australian use, will be one of the duties to which they will devote themselves. There is ample material from which such a compilation may now be made, and in its literary contents, in the execution of the print- ing, and in its illustration, the series ^ might be made to excel anything which has yet issued from the Press for this purpose. The mechanical staff of the Government printing offices in any one of these colonies would be quite competent rTes7rate,"tVat,;it~shoulcr;;uJl.e^S^'^ that way. While distinctively Australian, the series should not be obtrusively so, and in this much will depend upon the good taste and judgment of the compilers. It would scarcely be possible to devote too great pains to every detail connected with them, and yet it will be necessary to consider the element of cost, though this condition will apply with greater force to the elementary lesson books than to the more advanced ones. Anyone who has seen the admirably illustrated series of lesson books lately published in California would scarcely wish to go further for a model of what our lesson books might be. In those, art of no common order has been enlisted in the cause of the teacher, and we see how the drudgery of the primer may become lightened by the skill of the engraver. It was Mr. Fokstku, we think, who insisted the other day, at Edinburgh, on the necessity of teaching boys the geography of the British Empire. That is, no doubt, a step in the right direction, but we can answer for it that the compilers of the really delightful geography books published in the series referred to, have certainly not confined their achievements to the American continent. Their range has extended beyond the United States, and we expect, in the contemplated Australian series, examples and illustrations of history, science, and geography, as ample and as comprehensive as any which have hitherto been published. it. It is a curious and interesting fact that the ghosts of political questions, which have long been dead and buried in the mother-country, rise to vex us in Australia. It is so with the spectre of protection, which continues to haunt weak minded people in each of these colonies. In Victoria it is worshipped as a good; which is another striking testimony to the truth of the theory adopted by M. Fustel de Coi/langes, and other writers of eminence, that many forms of religion have originated in the honors paid to the dead. So persistent and undying are the superstitions of antiquity ! as may be seen by the spectacle , of those extraordinary enthusiasts in Victoria, who are actively engaged in burning incense, and in imme- lating some of their leading industries at the shrine of protection. That this superstition should number votaries in New South Wales is, perhaps, not to be wondered at, when we consider the infectious nature of the delusion, and the proneness of people to imitate the follies of their neighbors. The movements in favor of protection, which are made from time to time by' the iron- workers in Sydney, claim a few words of comment, because they offer such a strik- ing confirmation of the truth of the old maxim, that. ignorance is the parent of Superstition." None of those who clamor for legislative aid to this particular branch of industry over hesitated to appeal to the example of the United States and it may be safely affirmed that not a single person who does so is conversant with the history of the iron manufactures of that country. For what are the facts of the case 1 Protection has been the bane of that industry in the United States. It encouraged men to invest their capital in the manufacture of iron at the public expense and Pennsylvania is literally strewn with the wrecks of foundries which were established under protection, and which, now that they are silent and abandoned, are so many eloquent testimonies to the utter folly of teaching industries to go hobbling about on Legislative crutches, instead of admonishing them to practise self-reliance. ... When protective duties were first imposed on foreign pig and bar iron by Congress with a view to promote the home production of both what followed 1 The importation of nails, upon which higher duties were levied than on any other kind of iron work, rose from l,800,0001bs. to 3,120,G911bs. per annum; and while pig iron increased in price from 17 to 226 a ton, bar iron subject to a 15 per cent duty, rose in like proportion, In 1828, the duty on pig iron was raised to 82.50 per ton, on hammered bar to 2245, or 07 percent.; and on rolled bar to 837 per ton, or 12s per cent. This ought to have shut out the hated foreigner, it might have been thought, but did it do so? No. In less than four years the imports were heavier than ever. Here are some of the items :? 1828\. 1832. Nails, cut . 653,655 746,544 Castings, lbs. ... 1,133,140 2,999,039 Anvils, lbs. 972,129 1,393,275 Chains, lbs. 847,655 2,454,360 scythes, spades. ... 119,849 133,677 Axes and Adzes ... 6,392 62,774 Bridle bite . 7,445 09,977 Why was this 1 Because as an American writer truly observes, the real strength of the iron manufacturing industry " was undermined by teaching us to rely not upon skill, but upon duties, and by en- hancing the cost of the raw material, as compared with the cost in other countries." For of course, the Jj producer of pig iron considers that he is just as much entitled to protection as the manufacturers of nails, agricultural implements, steam boilers, and machinery; as, indeed, he is. Congress cannot make fish of one and flesh of another; and the result is that while the protected manufacturer receives more for his articles on the one hand, he has to pay more for the raw material on the other ; so that what he gains in one direction he loses in another. Not only so, but he has to contend against superior processes abroad, where competition sharpens invention, and operates as an incessant spur to improvement ; while protected industries lazily rely upon the old-fashioned methods and machinery. When the epoch of building railroads commenced in America what happened 1 The United States possess the largest coal-fields and iron measures in the world, and they are in immediate contiguity. Labor is incessantly pouring in from Europe, and she has plenty of rolling mills ; while railway iron has been protected by duties ranging from 21 to 46. percent, ad valorem. But when the Columbia and Pennsylvania Railroad advertised for tenders in 1831, English contractors took the whole contract at £6 17s. 6d. a ton, beating the Americans on their own ground and this in the face of the fact that Pennsylvania is the ,._..!...:_? curtain F tim Union. Why was this 1 Because the American furnaces, suffering from the torpor of protection, were adhering to the old- fashioned charcoal process, while England was coking bituminous coal. And yet the beds of anthracite in the former country were yielding, at the very time, 303,871 tons per annum, not one of which had been used in smelting iron ! Thus, if you want to strangle or paralyse an industry, you have only to protect it by Act of Parliament. The process resembles that of administering "Daffy's Elixir" to a fractious infant. It induces sleep, but it slowly saps the foundations of life. " When we were colonies," observes the editor of the St. Louis Democrat, this unprotected manufacture (of iron) had frightened England with its products. When we had learned to protect ourselves, England had mastered our strongest and most natural industry. In its infancy, rugged and self-reliant, this industry exported pig and bar iron to Eitfffand. After seventeen years of careful nursing and wrapping by the fire-side of protection, that same industry looked helplessly on while England began to make rails for all our railroads. And that, the final and crushing blow, was the latest gift of the protective system to the infant manufacture I" What more need be said 1 Faust letters and papers by Torres Straits mail, we learn that Mr. George Wight continues to be actively and successfully engaged in lectur- ing in Scotland in support of emigration to this colony. The Inverness Advertiser, Dundee Advertiser, Forks Gazette, and Glasgow Matti notice Mr. Wight's proceedings briefly, but favorably, and he himself, writing to a friend in this city from Glasgow, under date December 6, says:?" I am very well received by the Scotch people. I tell them the truth concerning the colony, and they believe me. There is a very decided feeling rising in our favor, and if the work in which I am engaged be sustained for two or three years, the Scotch emigration will steadily rise in character as well as in number. I find it hard work, accompanied by some self-sacrifice ; but I give myself entirely to it, and hence the present success and future promise. Vfe have to refuse a great number of unsuitable applicants. When it's known that I am in Glasgow, some days I am literally engaged conversing with people the whole of the business hours. The winter is set in severe ; but although I have just returned from a lecturing tour in the Highlands and the north, where I delivered twenty lectures in five weeks, I am enjoying very good health." Mr. "Veiidast Green" writes us as follows: The writer of the paragraph on Mitchell Grass," in The Queensland Times, would appear to have dropped across something very much akin to a mare's nest. The phenomenon of withered grass becoming re-verdaut after rain might have been noticed by the commonest observer, within the last two weeks, in the case of nearly all the varieties of grasses growing in the neighborhood of Brisbane. Whole paddocks of long grass, 05 well as the long grasses growing within the railway enclosure, which, on the 15th January last, were quite brown, and withered up, are now as green as leeks, and this not merely from a new growth, but from the withered stools and stalks having become green again. This is always the case after the commencement of the summer rains here. at he at i Mr. D. Sinclair, of South Brisbane, winner it to be understood that he had no intention of being a candidate for the South WarJ at the present municipal election. Therefore, not having been in the field at all, he has not retired, as reported, in favor, of Mr. Graham or any other candidate. A The daily increasing number of visitors to the Museum shows the growing popularity of this practical educational institution. It is to be hoped the site will soon be chosen, and a commencement made with the new building. Already the present promises are inconveniently overcrowded. It has from time to time been mooted that the management of the Museum is to be placed under trustees. It is to be hoped the Government will well weigh the consequences likely to follow such a course before committing themselves to it. The eminent success of the Melbourne Museum, managed as it is by a scientific body, and the disastrous consequences which have followed the management of the Sydney Museum, the direction of which is entrusted to trustees, virtually responsible to no one, should cause us to pause before placing such an institution under the control of a body of unscientific men permanently appointed to the office. Under a scientific Board, directly responsible to Government, the Melbourne Museum is an educational institution of a high order, and of which the colonists are justly proud. Managed, or rather mismanaged, by trustees permanently appointed, not directly responsible to any head, the Sydney Museum, although containing a fine collection, is little better than a Barnum show. Whilst on this subject we would throw out the hint, whether it would not be better to appoint a curator to the Museum, distinct from the office of analytical chemist, and allow Mr. Staiger to devote his whole time and attention to the business of the laboratory. The frequent calls on his time on the business of the Museum must often greatly circumscribe his usefulness in the laboratory, and it may easily be understood that the peculiar duties of an analytical chemist must frequently claim close, unremitting, and undisturbed attention. Tunouoii the courtesy of the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer, we have been favored with a perusal of a document purporting to be ." A Catalogue of Exhibits, furnished by the colony of Queensland" for the Philadelphia Exhibition ; but, on examining into the matter, we find it is nothing of the kind. The paper in question consists of eleven pages of closely written foolscap, and embraces almost every subject connected with the colony, except the exhibits forwarded to Philadelphia. There is some account of the geography, climate, soil, raw material, manufactures, exports, and labor market of Queensland, as well as a short resume of the powers given to selectors under the various clauses of the Land Act of 1868, and after this comes a list of plants which have been acclimatised in the colony. The whole appears to have been written as an intro dilution to the catalogue proper. In their opening remarks, the Commissioners disclaim any intention of entering into a history of the colony, or a description of the towns, rivers, buildings, kc, of Queensland, that duty having already fallen into the able hands of the editors of the Queensland Press," and from what we have seen of the remainder of the production before us, we should say that perhaps it is just as well it is so. The steamer Emma returned to Harris' wharf at half-past eight last evening, having taken a number of beds and bed boards to the Quarantine stffitinii. as well as a euonlv of live sheep, poultry, bread, and other provisions for the use. of the immigrants per Gauntlet. We learn with satisfaction that no fresh cases of fever have occurred and the average health of the immigrants is good. The case of William Turner, reported to be a suspicious one, has not yet developed into enteric fever. Turner is a man of weak constitution, and his illness has occasioned some anxiety, although probably not at all infectious. Dr. Hearn does not think this case of a nature to require the further detention of the single men, and he proposes telegraphing to Brisbane recommending their release. In the single girls' department a little boy, living with his mother and sisters! was recently taken ill and sent to the hospital; but with this exception no fresh case has occurred in that department for three weeks, and the single girls are generally doing well. The married people and children are in good health, but the case previously reported, of Alfred Kintin, a child of 8 years, suffering from enteric fever, and separated from the camp last Monday, necessitates their further detention for ten days from that date. The weather is at present very favorable, and should it continue so the healthy immigrants will doubtless soon be released ; but heavy and protracted rains would be productive of the most serious consequences with the insufficient accommodation provided, the families and single men living in huts, many of which are not of the best quality. There is at present an ample supply of water, and no complaints were made yesterday about provisions. The two constables sent down to assist in maintaining order have not been required, and have nothing to do. A bushman or two would, however, have proved really serviceable in rigging up the tents and initiating the new arrivals into the mysteries of bush life. The boat belonging to the station is small and leaky, and should be at once condemned. Mr. Hamilton's duties are as arduous as ever, his boat being in frequent requisition for landing stores. We are glad to hear that the report of a misunderstanding between Dre. Hearn and Pren- tice is altogether without foundation. It appears that Dr. Prentice went down on Sunday without credentials or written instructions, although the latter had been prepared by Mr. Massie. When he arrived at Peel Island, the surgeon-superin tendent naturally wanted an authoritative explanation of the nature of his mission, and telegraphed to Brisbane for information, in the meantime treating Dr. Prentice as a visitor. A reply was afterwards received that Dr. Prentice was sent to assist Dr. Hearn, and all went on smoothly. There never was, we are informed, any want of cordiality between the two gentlemen. A " treat," given to the children by J. R. Dickson, Esq., was held on the grounds of the Enoggera Primary School, on Monday afternoon last. Every child in the neighborhood attended; whether attracted by the " treat," or whether their presence was one of the happy results of the new Education Act, remains to be seen. Laughter, holding both his sides," prevailed everywhere, and a most enjoyable afternoon's amusement was only terminated by sunset. It should be mentioned that the parents of the school children responded liberally to Mr. Dick- son's generosity, and sent to the teacher piles of all manner of good things, especially grapes. Only one circumstance the absence of Mr. Dickson the a shadow over the "treat, for it was intended to read him an address (since forwarded by post;, expressive of the gratitude entertained for him by the school children of Enoggera. Among the visitors were C. J. Graham and J. G. Anderson, Esqs. 