LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. YOUNG POLICE COURT. Thursday. (Before the Police Magistrate,) LARCENY. 'Charles Legarde Redman was charged with stealing a watch, guard, and ring the property of Chas, Howard, Sen.-constable Watson of Wombat deposed: I was sent for this morning by one Chas. Howard ; he pointed out defendant to me and gave me certain information ; I went to defendant and asked him for prosecutor's watch ; he said ' I can't give it, it is in .my belly'; Howard gave him in custody ; on my way to the lock up with accused he put his right hand up to his mouth and bent forward, and the watch, which I produce, dropped on the ground ; I picked it up and it was going ; it was identified by Howard in the presence of accused as his property, Chas. Howard deposed : On the night of 6th instant I attended an entertainment given by accused at Bonner's Hotel; he came out of the dressing room'into the dining room, where he was going to perform, and asked if anyone in the room would lend him a watch ; he then asked me to. put my albert chain on a plate which he had in his hand.; I did so ; he afterwards said * Where's your .watch '; I gave him the watch and he put it into his mouth and swallowed it; he then asked if Some of the audience would lend him a ring; I said I would borrow _ a ring for him ; I did so ; before swallowing my watohhe swallowed the guard ; J he afterwards lay day down in the room and 4 had a stone placed on his breast, which another man broke with ' a sledge hammer; after that he went into his dressing room ; I afterwards during the same night asked repeatedly fur my w things, and got for a reply ' I can't give them to you, they are in my belly *; next morning early I saw him getting up. his horses from a paddock as if he was going to start away ; I went and asked him again for my property, and he gave me the same answer as before ; on one occasion on the night previously when I asked him for my watch, he said ' I'll fight you for it'; I refused to fight; after asking him in the morning and being refused, I sent for the police and gave him in custody; I value the property at £3. Committed for trial at the next Young Quarter Sessions, to be holden on 19th inst. THE RAILWAY TO YASR.—We learn that the contractors for the section of the line between Yass and Gunning, out of courtesy to the Bishop of Goulburn, put on an engine and truck and conveyed him between the two places, on his journey home, the other day. It is certainly a pity that, when the railway is completed for traffic, the general public cannot have the benefit of it. « MINING.—We are informed that mining matters at Lake Cagellioo are looking up. A large pump-, ing engine, with all the necessary gear, has been brought to the ground, and is now in course of erection. The stone that is to be seen on the top shows gold very liberally, and there Beems to be no doubt that, if the prospects continue as good after the pumps get to work, the shareholders will come in for a good thing. - When working was discontinued the stone had been followed on the underlay for a distance of sixtyseven feet, but there were not any properly defined walls. m t T I B V TUB VIVIAN TROUPE.—This compitoy gave" their entertainment on Thursday last at the Oddfellows' Hall; The performance was very good, and the interest well sustained throughout the evening. - There was Only a poor-house, -arid although half the proceeds were to go to the hospital, we only saw one. member of the hospital committee present. THE WEATHER AT YASS. —A correspondent writes : ' We have had some very severe frosts here during the week, particularly on Thursday morning. We had one day's rain, but the grouiyi was white the next night. The plains nre very bare, and there is little grass anywhere. Although the season is so. bad the. butchers manage to supply their customers. with, very good beef and mutton.' - • ACCIDENT,—On Monday afternoon; last a branch of . a .tree, growing alongside the main Southern road, a few' miles south of Jugiong, was blown off during a heavy gust of wind,''and fell across the leading bullocks in a team travel-: ling to Gundagai, killing one of the animals on the spot. The teamster had drawnoff tbemetal and was going along a track less distressing to his bullocks' feet. The companion bullock escaped with but slight injury. i • IMMIGRATION—LABOUR .IN THB INTERIOR.— We learn from a gentleman, who has just returned from the north-western districts,that unemployed labouring men of all descriptions';ate very abundant there ; much more so than in the populated parts of the colony. During his tour he was repeatedly applied .to by men seeking work, and could have engaged ' any number " at very moderate wages:. He is of opinion that the cry for more immigrants is : not -justified by what he saw. Noneof the men- he spoke to felt inclined to take work under.the, sub-contractors for the Southern railway, the reason of their dislike for such employmant he could not ascertain. .-'.... FIRE BRIGADE.—A meeting o£ the brigade, for practice, was held on Wednesday evening. After mustering at the depot, the brigade proceeded with their trucks, buckets, ladders, &c.;, to the Albion stables, over the roof of which they poured a deluge of* water. From thence they went in turn to the Commercial and Shamrock, where similar exercise was gone through. Amongst the spectators the genus larrikin made a strong muster,. and dirt and brickbats were thrown at the brigade, who in their turn retaliated with buckets of water. Until our larrikins can restrain their.ardour at the sight of fire brigade drill, it would be a good thing if a policeman could be in attendance. CATHOLIC.—REMOVAL OF REV. D. O'DWYER. —We learn that the Right Rev. Dr. Iyanigan, R. C. Bishop of Goulbnrn, has arranged for an 'exchange of places between the Rev. D. O'Dwyer of this district, and the Rev. McCarthy, of Yass. A meeting of the congregation attending St. Mary's Church, Yonng, will be held in the church, after Benediction on Sunday, to take steps for presenting the Rev. Mr. O'Dwyer with a testimonial. We have no doubt the project will be Warmly entered into, as during his residence in this district the rev. gentleman has earned the good-will and esteem of all with whom-he has come in contact. POSTAL.—A circular letter "has lately been sent to the postmasters of the southern and south-western districts, to the effect that, for a saving of time, letters intended for the Suez mail should be niarked to go via Albury or Deniliqujn, according t<?^the situation of; tjhe place in .which tUey may beposted, .so/as to;bo included intheiiailsjmadeup in Melbqnrne. * The route for letters jjostied at Young would be via Albury, and the saving of time by-sending them that way, instead of by way of Sydney, would he about two days. The postmasters have instructions to affix notices at the post offices prior to the departure of each Suez mail, informing the public of the days of closing. THE ENGLISH MAIL OVERLAND FROM MEL- BOURNE.— By an arrangement between the Postmasters-General of this colony and Victoria, the mails by the Sumatra were brought overland on Wednesday, in order to give the Sydney people ah opportunity of replying to letters by the out-going mail via Suez. The mail coach for Sydney started from Albury four hours and a half behind the usual time, owing to the detention of the mail train at Melbourne, awaiting the post-office bags ; but although so much behind time a correspondent at Yass writes to us, stating that the co&ch; was only an hour late on its reaching that town. This is a proof that our mails, between points on the great southern road, could be very much accelerated. DISGRACEFUL ACT.—On Tuesday last a quiet draught horse belonging to a settler named Armonr, who resides on a run called Talmo, between Bogolong and the Mrirrumbidgee, was found at Barrenjack with a bullet wound in its neck. The bullet had penetrated through the entire fleshy part. The wounded 'horse with another were drawing a cart a day or'two before it was found. It is supposed that the other horse has been shot dead and lies in one ofthe numerous gullies in that scrubby part of the country. Should the offender be discovered, it is to be hoped that he will receive the full benefit of the Malicious Injuries Act. SELECTIONS.—The following were'- the selec" tions made at the Land-office on Thursday last : T. R. Watt, 620a, parish Baxter; John Robt. Curry, 320a, Lagoon Creek, Bland; Alfred Ryals, 120a, ditto, ditto; Chas. Broughton, 160a, Wallendbeen ; Chas. Ryals, sen., 60a, Lagoon Creek, Bland ; James Caldwell, 640a, Bribers; James Cummins, 40a, Willawong - Wm. Elliot, 60a, Wombat j Chas. Newcombe,' 120a, Bribera ; Wm. Newcombe, 40*,,Bribera ; Wm. Marshall, 40a, Denondrille ; Carlo Marina, 114|a, being measured portions 87 and 89, Moppity ;. Edward Murphy, 40a; Beggan ; as.. Brown, 40a, Demondnlle ; Henry Holt. 0a, Wombat ; Patrick Walsh, juo., 640a, Burramundra. UNITED PRAYER MEETING FOR THE REVI- VAL OF RELIGION.—The usual weekly meeting as held on Wednesday evening last in the Oddfellows' Hall, at whieh there was the average attendance. . The B,ov. Gep. .Smith presided and opened the meeting wi£h prayer, after which the Rev. Geo, Grimm read a portion ofthe 10th chapter of St. John's Gospel, and delivered a beautiful address on the Holy Scriptures. Prayers were offered by the ministers and several laymen, and several of ! Sankey's hymns sung. Before the meeting closed it was mentioned that his-Lordship the Bishop of GoulBurn had been invited to preside at this meeting, and that he had excused hiinsolf on aocount of his numerous engagements whioh compelled him to leave Young on the Tuesday morning.— HAND BALL.-*-Contrary to expectation the match at handball, between somo players from Murrumburrah and Some of the mWm.bere of the Burrangong club, came off on Wednesday last instead of Wedneseay next as appointed. It appears that the Murrumburrah men. originally suggested the 7th as the day for play, asking -however that the club would fix some other time, should it suit better. The seoretary of the club consulted some of the other membere on the subjeot, and the 14th was fixed upon as a more suitable day. A letter to that effect was sent by the secretary to Murrumburrah, but itseems to have been misunderstood, and the Murrumburrah players, Messrs. Aiken and Johnston came on Wednesday last when, of course, they were not expected. A atch, however, was hastily made up between hem and Messrs. M'Dermott and J. Ward. he match resulted in a victory for Burrangong. n the first game Murrumburrah soored 21; R b t o d t o D urrangong 14. In the second game the rival a idos had scored 20 each, when the game was, w R by mutual consent, set to 31, the Burrangongs winning th6 game by getting the extra >11 while their opponents scored 5. Game and game was now the state of the play, and the deciding game was wonby the Burrangong men, who scored 21, to 9 got by the Murrumhurrahites. The play was very good and spirited throughout, and at its conclusion three cheers were given for the 1 ' Hurrumburrah players, to which they responded, by. showing a similar demonstration of friendship and good will for their late opponents. ALAS ! TOO CLEVER.—An individual, the same, if we mistake not, who has lately been exhibiting his cleverness, to the astonishment and discomfiture of some folks in a neighbouring district, came to grief the other day through practising upon thenativesof WomMt. One of his specialities has been swallowing, or pretending toswallow, various articles not usually considered to admit of either mastication or digestion, such as Btones and pieces of base metal, with occasionally-a-little-extra indulgianCe, in the way of a few gold rings, or a watch or two, when his palate and stomach became too fastidious to relish the common fare. The most luxurious portion of his provender was generally borrowed from some of , the spectators*. who; . attended - to see the lion feed; and it generally 1 happened -that- after swallowing.the N.meal he was unable to .restore the artioles to their former ownp.rs. But auchliigh feeding at the public expense could npt last for «ver, and the consequence was that a person at Wombat, whose watch and chain the hero of our story had swallowed, refused'to remain contented when said hero told him he could not disgorge the articles ; in fact he grew so impudently pertinacious in demanding them that at last this wonderful feeder proposed, as a dernier resort, in order to get rid .of his tormentor, to fight him for them. This plan, however, did not meet the views of the rightful owner of the watch and chain, and so, as Wombat does not boast an apothecary, he applied to Senior-constable Watson, whose presence on the scene acted as an emetic upon the individual of more than ostrich-like- digestion, and caused him immediately to produce the watch. The result was that he was introduced to the notice of the police magistrate at Young, and by him recommended to the care of certain of Her Majesty's officials, until,the sitting of the next Court of Quarter Sessions, when the opinion of the Crown law officers, and of twelve of his countrymen will be given upon this most remarkable case. DEATH OF AN ABORIGINAL CELEBRITY.—On 29th May there died at Ugolo Creek, Humbug, an aboriginal, well-known throughout that and the Bland district, as Jimmy the Dealer. Amongst his own people Jimmy was famous and respected for his agility, and his dexterity i.i the use of the boomerang, spear, &c.;, and the sobriquet of the ' Dealer ' was given him because he used to spend much of his time in making these and other implements in use by his sable brethren, and 'trucking' them, eithfer to them or to the white fellow. He was aged fifty years, and died of elephantiasis, a disease of the legs, common enough in-the East Indies, but we believe very seldom met with in these colonies. It takes the form of a great swelling, and is so called because the skin of the diseased limb, from its scaly and scored appearance, resembles much that of an elephant. In his sicknesB, which lasted some considerable time, Jimmy was attended by another aboriginal culled Neddy Trot, king of the tribe, and his lubra Mary ; and we are informed that, though these poor creatures get their living by bark stripping and doing , little odd jobs about the neighbouring stations, there was always one of them with him ; that they used to feed him with such scraps and little niceties as they could procure from the stations, often going without themselves, or sitting down to an humble feed of 'possum. In fact their sedulous attention was -worthy -of a Nightingale, and would be a good example to people churning a higher civilization. Jimmy seemed to have no fear of death, but looked npon it in a very matter of fact sort of way, and reed to say that he supposed it was only like crossing a big creek. He did not, he said, believe that he was going to ' tamblo down blackfellow and get up whitefellow'; he expected he would have to go and see the ' big fellow that makes the thunder,' and have to do ' all the same this countiy.' He had a brother, a stockman, living at a distant station, to whom his kind attendants s mt a message, understood, it seems, among the blacks, in the shape of a number of leaves collected ,from trees of different species, but the brother took no notice of the missive, which occasioned Neddy, when relating the circumstance, to say that he was ' all the same whitefellow, too proud.' , In disposing of Jimmy's mortal clay his kind attendants were as careful as they had been of him during his sickness. They dug a hole about three feet long and two deep, which they lined with bark, and into this they put the body in a sitting posture, covering it over and round about, first wiih the dead man's blanket, and then with his 'pissumrug. They then brought a number of small branches, which they stuck into the grave all round the body,- rnd afterwards brought together over the top of it, covering the whole in with bark. A circular trench, about two feet deep, was then dug round the outside of the first excavation, and from the inner side of this trench the earth was heaped up over the body till it formed a tall cone, which was afterwards neatly patted and smoothed all over. A number of saplings with leaves and boughs on -them were then plaoed all round, reaching from the bottom of the trench to the top of the cone, and lastly, a bark covering was put over the grave to proteot it from the weatheri The funeral rites over, the blacks removed their camp to a distance of about a mile from the grave, and have since been very timorons after nightfall, thinking Jimmy might possibly feel incline! to pay another visit to the scenes of earth once so familiar to him ; though surely, if ghosts can feel gratitude, Jimmy's could mean nothing but good to Neddy Trot and Mary. Communicated. 