? note of."—Cai-t. Cuttle. I NEVEE was finch of a believer in ghosti, and if evet J did give any credence to such things, it »vas dispelled when Dr. glade's'delusions were brought to light. But Tj really thought, for the moment, that I paw ono, Inst week. The night was sultrj, and, as I lay on mv couch, tossing restlessly about, the sound of my newly acquired yellow dog barking, grated on my earn. I immediately jumped up, armed myself with a poker, and proceeded down stairs. When I got into the yard, 1 heard someone speaking, and it made my knees knock together, mid a cold sweat lun off mv brow. But suddenly I recognized the voice and was no longer afraid,' but curious, so I cautiously crept up to tbe fence, when I beheld an individual, in nightly attire, with agitated face, waving his arms too and fro, and speaking in terms most eloquent. When the dogs around had stopped barking, to take breath, I caught the following words. " Mr. Chairman, ladies, and gentlemen—ahem—I I'bp.1 proud at being present on this auspicious occasion—ahem. In fact, in the wordB ot the poet Shakespeare, I might say— ahem—' Bender unto Cassar the things that are Cawar's.' But was it Shakespeare who said it? Oh, hang it, 1 can't do it, I'll give up practising, and trust to luck to carry me through when I am called upon to speak." He then walked towards his house, and just in time too, for looking over to the yard on the other side, I saw another person, dressed similarly, with a " glimmei "in his hand, and his face ruffled with anger, looking for the small half of a brick, to remind the midnight lecturer, that if he did not want to go to sleep, other people did. It appears that there was to be a testimonial presented to one of our worthy pedagogues, and my subject had to speak on the occasion. I dont know how he got on, but I imagine he pulled through. Everybody seem to try and make themselves merry at Christmas time, if even they mope all the rest of the year. I went out in the country for a trip, to get some fresh air, and a few of my friends accompanied me. During the afternoon, so many had asked us to dring their health, that two of my friends got rather jolly, and what is more, they wanted to have a pn gal is tic encounter. Of course I could not stand that, and, seeing a house with iron - palisading in front, I caught one of the delinquents and hung him up by the coat collar to the railings, thus hooking him on, nnd allowing him just to btand tin the tips of his toes. I then caught No. 2, and with him did like wise, hanging th^rn up about about two yards from each other, a»d there left them to argue it out while I went iu quest of my other chums, to got them to come and help me home with the "jolly dogs." When we came back, wc found them still in the same position, shaking their lists at a crowd of small boys, who were capering round them, and had knocked their hats over their eyes. We then released them, and lean assure you they did not waul very much coaxing home, for they were pretty well sobered by being hung up and exhibited to the passers by. They vc w that if ever they come out with me again, they will wear coats without collars, or very thin coats, which wont bear theii - weight if anyone attempts to hang them up on a. fence. I know of a splendid thing for cleaning greasy clothes; it beats all tbe dry soap ever made. The way I found it out was this:—I bad been greasing the wheels of my buggy, and had made my unmentionablos in a rather dirty state with tlie Rrease. Well, I took tbcm off aud hung them up iu my room to stop there till washing dny. On that day I went to get them to put them along with the rest of my clothes, to send out. Looking at them, they seemed quite clean, and so thoy were. The flies and mosquitoes, being hungry, had declared on to thein,.and so made them as clean as ever. What do you think of that for a receipt for removing grease spots? The following is the way to manage it—get about 00,000 flies and about the same number of moquitoes, aud put tbem in an empty room where they cannot 'get out, keeping them thero for about three days without auythiug to cat; after which, put iu tbe clothes you require cleaned, a<id cull for them in about an hour, at which time they will be fit to take away, all grease spots being thoroughly eradicated. What would you think of a man who put on a comforter, overcoat, and a pair of woollen gloves, on a Christmas morning, remarking as he .iid no, that it was bound to be cold. I know of a youn Britisher, who has lately come out here to see life, did this. He forgot for the moment that he was 10.015 miles from home. He asked me not to say unytlii;ig about it, - nor have I, but I could not help penning a few remarks about the occurence. My friends, now that another year has almost gone, and in another day ov so the JS'ew Year 1877 will dawn upon us, reminding all of the iliglit of time irredeemable, and of tho mystical eternity to which we are all 'hurrying, the following, which 1 heard when a email " Chip," occnj-s to me at this moment: " Time and Eternity—Time is precious, but its value is not known to us. We shall attain that knowledge -when we can no longer profit by it. Our friends require it of us as though it were nothing, and we give it to them in like manner. Ood, who is just and generous in all his gifts, lias taught us how circumspect we ought to be as regards tho i iarhfc management of our time, seeing he never gives us two moments together, taking 8-way tbe first as He gives us'the Hccond, still holding the third in His hand, leaving us in a stntfl of uncertainty whether, it shall be ours or not. Time is given us that we niay prepare for eternity, and eternity will not be too long to regret the loss of, time if we have misused it." t wibIi you all a Happy New Year, and liiay we all cudcavour to make the best use'of our time during our sojourn on •this transitory sphere.— Cuirs. 