THE ST. CLAIR CONCERTS. The play of "Hamlet" without the ghost might be said to have been presented at WhiteV Room last night, for in the entertainment then given bv the St. Clair English Concert Company Mdlle. Marie St. Clair did not appear. Early in the evening Mr. Landergan road a medical certificate which showed that the gifted singer wa? through indisposition unable to perform. Thi* announcement caused groat regret, and sincere sympathy was expressed, which will not be lessened when the cause of the illness is explained. The troupe have been giving a series of estertainmects with varied programmes on successive .nights, and the frequent changes have necessitated the holding of rehearsals mere often than is usual ; thes in many concerted selections the musical scores were such as had been sung from by the other members of the Company^ and differed somewhat from those to which Mademoiselle has been accustom td. This entailed closer application and harder work, added to which was the anxiety caused by the fact that hitherto the concerts, though attractive in arrangement and well carried out,'have certainly cot resulted in a pecuniary tuccess. These combined influences, acting upon a nervously-sensitive nature, caused Mdlle. St. Clair, when she left the platforii on Tuetday, to faint, and she remained unconscious throughout the .night. Fears were-entartained for her; but under the medical care cf Dr. Way, wko .has been very ^assiduous, the patient rallied, but not sufficiently to allow of her making her appearance that day in public; indeed, the doctor absolutely .prohibited any attempt on Mademoiselle's part to perform. It is now, however, definitely announced that she -will sing to- night, and we trust she will havs & large audience. -Of the proceedings last evening it as not needful to say much. The absence of the leading vocalist made it necessary for the other members of the troupe -to exert themselves even more than usual, and they unquestionably did their utmost. Miss -Bailey was in excellent voice, and upon her fell the greatest responsibility in filling up the gaps. She was particularly happy in "Sing, sweet bird," and, on a redemand, " Comin' thro' she rye" was given with a coy archness that left little to be desired The Fcena "Softy sighs," from "Der Freifebuts," .was rendered with power and in fine style, and there were shaken quivers, and prolonged notes in several of Mrs. Smythe's contributions, especially in "The Last Rose of Summer," whKh were almost De Murska. A theme with variations was skilfully and at times brilliattly executed by Messrs. Landergan and Hall on piano .sad violin. Mr. Read's most gratifying though possibly not most able song was " Beautiful Bells," and he, on being encored, plaintively and pathetically gave "Nobody's Child." After a particularly imperative recall, Mr. Farley's robust and sonorous tores were heard to great advantage in the " Village Blacksmith," and " Friends, good night," by the company appropriately closed the concert, The lines in the bill were well-chosen simple ballads, alternating with favourite airs from operas and ornate instrumental pieces. Sacred gems wiil be followed by excellent secular compositions to night. THE PtsT-OmcE CLOCK.—We publish elsewhere, in compliance w.th a recent intimation, the first official register of the variation in the Post>Office clock time. The record is a restoring one. 