THE EASTEIl HANDICAPS. By " Yattundon." . Tho usnnl flutter of excitement, always -noticeable- after tho weights for handicaps. Imvc-bcenposted, was to bo seen on'Tuesday • when the weights for our Easter Handicaps woro out, and tho prevailing opinion seems ' to bo that Mr. Gorinley has not come up to his usual standard this time. Perhaps many of tho local nags that seem to have caught it unmercifully hot wero unknown to him; if bo, somo allowance way bo made. The weights, considering tho quality of tho nags engaged, eommcnee pretty high, and go no lower thau Gst 10lb. I fancy had 8sfc 12lb been the top weight and Gst tho lowest, it would luivo improved matters and brought a very largo Hold to the post, which may not now bo tho c.iso, but often it is scon that the best abused handicaps furnish tho closest and most exciting coutests. It is to bo hoped this may. I will go through the weights for the \^F"-hor Handicap, and give what t consider }\ n. Snowdcn, Victoria, Revougo, and -utokthorn seem by their recent running fairly put together, but why Sonneted* is asked to carry Sst I can't fathom ; ho must bo wonderfully improved of late if ho has a ghost of a chance. Explorer and RightUowor havo no reason to complain; but Reformation at 7st 101b, being only a decent kind of a hackuey and lit to ran in hack races, must bo weighted out. Nightshade, 7st 101b, lias enough 5 Ruby, 7st 81b, is fairly in ; Com mission Agent, 7st 81b, is over-rated ; Detec tive, Cora, Zoo, and ITetmun Phitufl* havo nioro tlun they can well jnnmigc. Lady Jane, 7»t 51b, allowy Coventry lib. When thoy last met the mare had 7at and Coventry Sat 121b and then several pounds over weight, and tho mare beat him ; now for that thcro is 2st diffurenco mado, so she must havo too UUigb. Qovoutry, 7&t; 'lib; has plenty. Tho S'.vellaud Beadsman, 7st 41b, an; both ovcr« '•» ighfcfcd. Paddy's Land, Sunbeam, Fisher n.au, cud Gainsborough, 7st 21b cfichi seem to liavo sufficient} GaiiiBborou^b c.-iuNiave not tho slightest cbanco with that weight up, aud bow he is considered deserving of such a weight is a mystery. AlicoMay, 7sb, is fairly in. liinaldo, tist 121b, can havo no sliow,• but Mountain Maid, Gsfc 101b, if in her old form, must be in very light. I consider those badly treated aro yontietccr, Information, and Commission Agent. Lady Jane, Tho Swell, Beadsman, Gainsborough, nudlUoaldo are harshly treated, and their show is almost a hopeless one. Tbosc best in aro Victoria; Blackthorn, Explorer, Alice May, and Moun tain Maid, but as it is not a good thing so far distant from the meeting to hazard which ! fancy is tho best of this crowd, I leave it till further on. Tho Hurdlo Eaco looks a pood thing on paper for Ilurricano or Shields.] ; 