TWELFTH JULY AT BATHURST. The members of the Orange . Lodges in Bathurst celebrated the 12th July by a public meeting and soiree, in the : School of, Arts Hall. Although former meetings held on the evening of this day were all largely attended, that held on|Wednesday night in this respect outstripped its predecessors. Tea had been spread oh nine tables in; the fore part of the Hall, and so great was the cruBh that three or four, gitti'pgs at each table were rendered necessary. When the 1 tables had been cleared and the seats arranged, additional visitors entered the Hall, and it, was found necessary; to pack the juvenile portion of the asBeinbly in the gallery, in order that accommodation might be afforded for the hrin- ' dre'ds of adults; in the body of the HalL The walis of the building were decorated with flags, arid ' adorned with numerous mottoes of the OWer ; while :at the back of the1 stage a laige Prince Willm' barineri ' was ' susperided;: ; The .r._ .yin- - chair was occupied by Bro. W.: H. Paul, W.M. of No.„.35,and upon. the„ platform during the meetirig were seated the .Revs. Dr., Geekie, W. Kelynack, A. W. Grant, R. Rogers, W. C. Hughes (Rockley), and Messrs. J. C. Frost (of fli-M -"Pearl ?'-),; W; Gray, J. Hi Berney, arid! W. C. Kelk— most of whom wore the badges of the Order. On the left harid'side of the stage the members of ; the Tonic Sol-fa : class, under the conductorship of Mr. G. Smith, wero.aeatecb and; by their singing add® 4 : considerabiy to the enjoyment of the evening.. . r ... ; i ' The Chairman in. .opening iihe . proceedings stated that this was the(fhird oocasion_on wbich be Had; been honoured by. being asked rfcp preside at the annual Orange meeting. ' His , duties bad always been light, and he had no doubt would not be very arduous on the present., occasion. They were aware that the meetirig was hold .to celebrate the day which would be .reiriembered by iall 'Protestants during ; their , life time. . It was' not his' province to' inake a .speeeh, -.arid even if he were so' iricliried he could riot, as the worry arid bustle of tle last-few. hours bad rendered him uiifit. '.. He would just sayj how ever, that so far as he was conberried, the longer he remained an Orarigemari the more deteriniried he became to do what he could for the cause. Orangeism did not make men bigots, .and an Orangem&ri; was rio iriore a 'bigot' thkh- any Pro testant'. who' did' , his duty. Orily last wOeb a man told him that he would like mm very well only for ' his ' bigotry ; ' but' .'be could riot sep where the bigotry caiue iri. ' He supported by contributions as far as lay in his ! power, every section' of the ' Protestant, Church, arid:gave'to charitable institutions ' of rill , kinds, whether the Roman Catholic . or' Protestant. ( Ho did not see what more could'. he expect from him. H® had refused to subscribe to tbe 'support of Roman Catholic religious institutions, .'put; as, a Protestant his principles would not allow, him to assist in maintaining a systep against Which it was his" duty to protest! Ariel if persons dis liked hfid on these grounds it W«W not his fault, He then informed the meeting that the Rev. Canon Smith would have been present,, had he nob been engaged in Church work at Orange. That gentleman had,' ho'Wever," promised . to make amends for his absence by. delivering a lecture' aS early | as possible in support of the cause. : ' ; ' The ' ReV. ' Bro. W. C. Hughes (of Ro.ckley) said he would have' been' more glad if he had .been.caUed upon to speak'later on in the even ing, for he w'as' afraid the ' audience, would exr pect a speebh'from him, seeing that ho' was the first . speaker. " He would have to disappoint them, a3 ' he. intended; sifter a ' f eW remarks, to .sit down' arid' listen to the speeches1 of 'the "other gentlemen wh'o were to adar'ess .thlem. ; He ap peared before them slightly urider the influence of stimulants: "He had riot yiolafedrhis pledge as a Good Templar, however, arid wUs riot under the influence of alcoholic stimulants. Some of the stimulants he spoke of he bad taken frOrb. choice, and' others had been administered to him soinewhat' against, his wiU. 1 He . had felt when asked to attend the meeting that he would like to be in the spirit of the; engagement, even if b® did not make a -Bpeeoh, for he was ai Pro testant and an Orangeman, and to' this: end' he had prescribed for imriself.a course-bf reading bearing upon Protestaritism and Orangeism: But the best stimulant was that which he received against his will. (He here related how, wbile travelling , in his . circuit, he had called at the haW of a. couple' Rvirig in tbe bush, the' man being a -Protestant, and the- wife a Roman CatboHc, and the reception he met with, bis offer, to pray being acceded toiby the man but rejected, by tbe woman, wbo - assumed such a threatening attitude that he Was compelled to beat a hasty, retreat.) ; He. was, . attached, to Orangeism : because h® beHeved tbat the prin ciples which; it professed to be ruled, by were those by;- which some, other society would he ruled if it were not called by that name, and that such a society would have been formed if Orangeism had not existed. He beHeved in it because its principles were in accordance with the Bible, and that its members were ruled by directions taken from God's Word. , Some of the members, had , doubtless proved faithless, but it was; folly to find fault .with an institution because a few of its members, did not act up to its rules.., He was satisfied tbat if any man calmly and dispassionately : studied the prin ciples of Orangeism he would be convinced that tbey were founded on righteousness and truth. He beHeved in it because it taught them to stand by the faith once delivered to the saints ; and tended to prevent the Papacy from exerting its full influence in lands where it was estab- Hshed. They must not rest quietly, because Popery was still, for .if tbey remained inactive and hushed the expression of Protestant prin ciple, the. other side would not foUow their example. Their design was to make the church catholic and universal,, and it would be woe to the world if tbey gained the supremacy. He beHeved in Orangeism because it stood by the Gospel which. God had given to men, and looked upon the institution as Protestantism in earnest. He felt it an; honour, to be present, remembering that thousands of lodges would be. meeting that day in /Ireland, America and Australia to cele brate the event which they were celebrating; He was glad to know that the Institution was making, progress in these colonies,, and that the city of .the West was. so ,weU represented.- He hoped they would continue to prosper, for it would be— . . > ... . Woe tbe: day, and woei tbe hour, . ;a.lVf When men shall-cease to join,. > -. :, Au'd. celebrate with glad acclaim , . , ifl'he "Battle of the Boyne.". ; ' After another part-song by the; Tonic Sol-fa - class,":: , ;.:Worthy Chief Templar Ruston, of H.lil.S. Pearl; . sang " Plodding through tbe Rain,' arid,, receiving van encore, he gave "When I saw sweet Nellie Home." Rev. Bro. Dr. Geekie said no apology wari- needed for any body of men mooting in any lawful way on the 12m or 20th July, or on any other day, provided they acted courteously; heel no bad feelings ' in their hearts, and respected the conscientious convictions of others. They." as Orangemen held their own views,! and they qiet there more or less to explain them. , They met to show their sympathy with that great revolution' whidb had ended in giving religious liberty, hot to Protestants only, but tb, Roman. Catb®Hcs; arid the Romari CatboHes shoulofe- iiiember that thoy were, as much indebted to \- C'JJ u . , that revolution as the Protestants- 'were. " ' One of the principles of this institution was absolute liberty 1 for every hiiman being. '1 He gloried to fTiintr that' while: he .had a ; right 1 to . thifik .and speak freely, every, man ppssesaed the, same nht. Hei m'an,.and-n? man shquld , 'interfere , with' him in the exercise of:tMw';wght.r He repeated , that. no defence ,wm needed, for their' meeting, for. as reasonable men theyclaimedtlierighttothinkf or- themselves, and wore willing to ; allow everybody else to do the same. .' /. - Another, part-song , by .the, , plas3 -followed— " Sweet rest in Heaven ' r— and.. , ' The KevBjo. , IKelnaqkrose to address the meeting! and smd, . L riseji sir/.witn much satisfaction to. speak in. the interests of this cause to-night. . , , Whatever Protestants of a neutral tint may say about, the bitterness of our principles and the, rancour of. ,our sjpirits— and however we ihay be jdenounced -by the mfB; judging and somewlt .unscriupulous .partisans pf- th.e .'system, to which '.we. .are opposed,. rwe have at'least the .satisfaction.. of. knowing, that, read in the light of justice and of -triithj our sentiments and our aims are such as, to, chal lenge the scrutiny' of all, ; without .any fear of the verdict that w.ould have to be recorded. , ft : may be said by some (doubtless it will be said) that we. are assembled, this evening to parade offensively a great historic event that should be left buried in, the oblivion of the past— -andthat the Effects of , our gathering will 'J>,e to inflame and ifitensify sectarian differences which Chris tian' charity and common citizenship should urge lis to ameliorate and . abaije, Against- such a ' View' oi our proceedings I jinust demur and protest. , As I interpret, this assembiajge, and I speak as a Protestant as well as; an Orangeman, we are met to-night not so, much in the interests of party as of truth. We/are here in no spirit of antagonism, to, our Roman Catholic fellow- cititens, for the , cause, i with (whidh we- are identified,1, being as it is the . cause' of human freedom 'and human progress, is their cause ', as well as ours. We are here in fact not to deal with ' persons, but with a systema system that hinders, the circulation of God's truth, that binds the' freedom of the personal ' judgment arid the conscience, and which, according to the latest utterances of its authorized and proclaimed infallible Head, would put' back .the hands on the dial-plate of time, and bring the world again in bondage to the priestcraft and tyranny which marked the centuries that have gone, and. gone we believe never to return. And, I Sir, there is Another end implied.' in' the gathering of to- night— an end wluoh more: particularly concerns Orangemen themselves. I should be sorry to think that the, scene of this evening is a simple musterinig of pur clan, and that we are here merely, to con tribute to the impressiveness and enthusiasm, of an imnual demonstration ;, so that when we have unfurled , our banner and donned our uniform! and paraded ourselves before the public in . all the splendour of a .review, we shaR deem our duty done! and go, our several- ways forgetful of, our obligations, until the tr umpeticMl of , another anniversary summons us to the front. The significance and scope 'of this meeting, in. my judgment, pass far beyond all this. ' We "are here to review afresh the principles which are at once the basis of our order and its inspiration. We; are here to realise anew the greatness and the . gravity of , the mission to . which we have plighted our faith. We axe here to gather to our spirits fresh courage and resolution' for the enterprise to which we stand committed as witnesses for the truth. And if we realise as we ought, all that is implied herein', , we shall feel resting upon us the burden of feelings, that will deepen our attachment to God's truth, that will link us into greater oneness with the purity and tenderness which that . truth enjoins, aud send us out, not simply to babble about the nobleness of our cause, but to exhibit its noble ness in the lofty and steadfast manifestation of a character against which the tongue of calumny shall vainly wag, and -which; shall be the best auxiliary in the furtherance of our aim, inas much as it will; be. the truest embodiment of loyalty to God and of charity to men. Sir, we are sometimes told that the evils of the system against which we speak are but the dead bones of a dead past, andthat Romanism to-day need not be, and should not be, an object of suspicion and reproach. If this position can be sustained, then I frankly admit that our attitude . is un called for and unnecessarily irritating. If this can bp shewn, then I say we are wrong and our cause is an impertinence. But if the matter is otherwise, if we are not fighting with a ghost but with a living and powerful reality, if it can be shewn, as I think I can shew, that the system is among us to-day— immutable in its errors and unchanging in its spirit — then I think our conduct is sufficiently vindicated, for in the presence of that pover, an unsleeping vigilance . and - an iiii- , resting opposition is the attitude which safety and honour alike demand. How . then stand the facts by which thi3 statement is made good ? They , stand thus : The latest dogmas of Catholicism shew that whatever changes .in.ay have come to the world through the march of intelligence and in the growing power and freedom which mark the civilization of the age, Romanism is unchanged. One of the .most amazing acts of folly which this' century, . or any century lias witnesse1, is, the spectable of the Pope arraying himself, through the doctrines of the_ Syllabus, against the ' most precious possessions of our time.. Iu that manifesto he has denounced State-right, and religious free dom, and national education, and many other things, if they are not found working in sub servience to the views of the Papal See. And in addition to all this he makes it patent to the world that Romanism holds -as a divinely delegated right that it has the power to enforce ihs claims, so that if she does not use coercion to-day as she did in the days gone by, it is not because she has lost the wish to do so, but because she has lost the power. That,' then, is the evidence in brief of my position. And as if to make the demonstration complete and conclusive we have further another exhibition of the tremendo.usness of Papal claims when Pius IX. and his Cardinals, and his Bidhops, gathered ; together in Gicumenical Council in Rome, proclaimed the dogma,' which almost takes ayray the breath in astonishment and terror, ' off .the personal infallibility of th'e pope. Now, / for : the present ,1. do not . wish to go.outr side these facts and, 'iri/thet'faqc ,oi 'tA'em,.T -'v- -/ s; :/ ,.;i snj \- ask everyone -who would flout- us with their - scorn or smite us with their indignation, because, as they. say,o we : champion a cause which is uncalled for,' and - because! as they say; we dilate" upon1 evils which are simply the products of a heated imagination and have no foundation" in fact, whether, as thus expounded, the accepted dogmas of the system, endorsed by f a supreme council and proclaimed by- an infallible Pope,, do not fully sustain our state ment that the papacy has not changed with time,' and that it is as much to be resisted to day as it was in the brave days of old. Itmay, however, ; be alleged that, after /all, these :are but theoretic, and doctrinal errors, /which; though they may have an ugly look,; need-not cause us much alarm, as ' they will remain but barren ordinances which will have no power, to /vex or to trouble the world. How; this, is a- statement' which is utterly confuted -r. by some, of the most significant signs of the times. - For the proof of - what we say, go io Italy ; . and there you will find the church in a state of chronic disaffection towards the civil power, because, forsooth, the : Government of Victor Emmanuel has dared to dispute and limit some of the high handed: prerogatives of the Papacy, and extend .to all that; -equal toleration to which they are entitled as .subjects of the same government. And yet the world has been made to ring with the cry of wrong. 'What pathetic pictures have been /drawn, and how much superfluous elo quence has -been expended, on the prisoner of the Vatican:! when, in point of fact, the' prison is a palace,- and the Pope, who is the so-called prisoner, is free to go where he; please; and' to do what he please, provided only he will mind his own business and, do his own work. 1 What vituperation has. been- indulged in against a government that has robbed the Church, that has plundered her, ministers, and that has. let in Upon; the sacred soil of; the holy- city— the home and, sanctuary of truth— the pestilent heresy that: has turned its glory into shame, and made the, successor of Peter weep and sigh, so that the world.has heard his. jgroahings and seen, his tears/ ; But'when : we . come to examine into the truth of all this, - it simply means that the Government, hi : what it has done, has shewn a greater zeal for the welfare of the Italian people thanfor the Italian priesthood, andthat in the interests of intelligence; and education, and morality, and religion, iit' has admitted to Rome itself, as well as to other great cities, of the Italian Peninsula, such pestilent things as a free presSj- a.ifree Bible; free worship, and the com mon school.;, /And already the fruit of these things is beginning to appear, -in the gradual awakening . of a people; who are learning to stand erect, in the strength and dignity of a free manhood, and who, though the air trembles with the muttered anathemas of an angry caste, are nevertheless daring to think their own' thoughts, , and worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience, regardless of the Pope's curse or the Pope's blessing. If how we pass from the territory of Victor Emmanuel to that of Emperor William here again we shall stand confronted .with the mischievous tenden cies of the doctrine lately promulgated by the Roman See. , Divested 6f all detail, and lifted above all the technicalities of the case, the battle which Bismarck with so much -pluck and- so much tenacity has been fighting, has been simply the maintenance of State right as against thei overbearing assumptions of Church right. And if we rejoice to-day, as we do re joice, that thus far the victory has been so decisive for . the great Chancellor and for the supremacy of the German Empire, it is because we believe that he is fighting for the people's rights as well as for the Emperor's and that the world at large will be the gainer for the noble stand and for, the noble lessons which this con flict has displayed in the view of all the nations. Passing from Germany to England, there is one fact of special significance to which' I - will ad vert.1 and onlv one. because it bears directlv upon :the point I . am striving to make' good. That fact is -this, that in the judgment- of one of England's greatest sons, a man re markable for the splendour of his elo quence, for the "largeness of his experience, for the foremost place which he so long and so worthily held in the councils of his country, and for the weight which his judgment will carry throughout the world as a great question of state right such as this — in the judgment of no less a man than William Ewart Gladstone, — Vaticainism, or in other words, the latest ordi nances of the Papacy, is a peril to civil allegi ance, and therefore a menace and a danger to the rights of sovereigns and - the interests of States. -Then if we cross from England to America what do we find here ? Is it true that the religious broils and conflicts which agitate Europe are simply the hereditary bequests of the bygone centuries, which must be accepted I as an inevitable evil ; but that in a new country another order of things will prevail, and that with freer institutions we shall miss the old feuds and the old; antagonisms ? Nothing can be wider of the. truth. The fact is that where- ever the agents of this, Church settle themselves they are but the arms— of which the brain and soul, the moving power is Rome. They plan and work, and watch and wait for this. And hence in 'the great Free Republic the emissaries of Rome are , working with a strategy and a vigour which bode ho.t good for the future, to ororturn the Common School system of the States, in order to further the interests of their o wn denominational education. With such per sistency in this aimed at, that President Grant affirmed only the Other day his conviction that, if not steadily and continuously resisted, the next contest would be not the cause of freedom as against slavery between black and white, but another and a greater cause, namely, whether they' should maintain their Common School system to educate broad-minded citizens of a great" free State, or whether they would hand over their children to those who would educate them into the servile instruments of a power centred in Rome. And then if to complete the circuit, we come back to the colonies in which our lot is cast, here also we shall find the proof of the. doctrine, that like causes will produce like effects. In the matter of edu cation the policy of Rome is hre what it is all over) the wofld. -'And though- the time has not yet come, .when the educational programme of the country can be regarded as having reached a satisfactory settlement, , yet many 'tilings point to the present as but. a- transitional stage of the i. '../.-.i. .. question. — Oppose- it who may, the present system will nave to give place to something betteri ' And when that something better conies, we wentnre' to predi'fct ihat,/it yml be a' syStejih that ; will I gather 1 all the children' of the fond; irrespective -of religious differences; to the'edu- cational provision which the State Makes for all in /common schools ; ' so (that ; by this common training they shall' be' compacted into 'a' com munity in which the; bitterness of sect shall be reduced to the lowest -point, and so make them the/better fitted for all. the duties of citizenship. But passing.fromithese, which may be regarded as . charges against " the', political significance of Romanism, the case becomes! still stronger when we nOte the 'religious bearings of the system. The; great cardinal error of the- Papacy, and that which' is the prolific source' of so many other, evils,1 is that the supremacy of 'the Church has: been placed above- the supremacy of the Bible. And in harmony with this principle,1 in stead of the Church being brought to the test of aniinfallible Book, the .reverse operation comes into play, and the Book is overridden by1 the teachings of an infallible Church. The/authority to: which all questions must bow is not, What saith the: Lord? but What saith the Church ? And so the human soul, with all its joys and sorrows, with all its hopes and fears, with all its craving for a fellowship with the Divine and for the assured '.message of -its Father's1 mercy, is' transferred to the guidance of a man : he is the keeper of "its; conscience, the fguide of its judgment, the custodian of its hidden woes, and so' it follows in; blind dependence the leadership of another, as fallible as itself; and1 sinks into the Mere .creature of an overmastering super stition. Then; how- Romanism stultifies and humiliates the individual reason; and holds as in; an iron vyce the judgment. There is nothing Rome dreads so much as the right of private judgment, ! workinjg out its own convictions with the aid of that Book which is God's great testa ment, to all'; because in-Such case' the almost certain resultwilli be -thatrthe mind will spurn the ascendancy ..of mere '; spiritual dictation/for the superior, claims, pi a faith - which makes ite appeal., to; the,, understandingi- while it offer's repose to the heart. ; ,And '.then - what shall we say i of' the. practice of- the confessional— of . the mystic virtue that , is said: to. lie -in sacraments r-of ;the multiplied difficulties that are . placed in the way of the communion /of the spirit, with its, Saviour ? What but this ?—Thatithe whole ,.is a; gigantic system framed ,to heighten /.the power of mere; sacerdotalism, and to . make it what it .is, intended .it - should be, the sole ! channel of grace for man. Now it were easy to show, did time permit, that all this is fatal both to the.. highest; style ,of manhood and . to , .a ; ratiofial form of . religion. Give men mere cere-i , mony instead of God's truth, let. them be ruled. by the authority of another mind instead oi Working out . the . ( results of an independent judjgment, and /the result will .be that you will dwarf their character and materialize their piety, . For the proof pf what we say, ! the ignorance, and superstition and general deterio ration of character .which j prevail in Itkly and Spain . particularly, where Romanism r has had undisputed sway for centuries, is ample witness. , , But huge as is "this system, and great ias is its' power, there are not wanting signs that are hopeful in relation to the future. It shall not always dominate the nations. It shall not always overawe the consciences of men. I know' that in speaking thus I may seem to some to speak as one that dreameth ; but I believe the dream is true and the interpretation thereof sure. Already its spiritual power has received a terrible blow"; and though its spiritual power still casts its' shadow over the nations, this, too, : will be penetrated by the growing light of truth, and eventually dispelled. This, sir, is not a confidence begotten of a feeling of intense opposition to Romanism, nor the mere enthu siasm of a wish that the prophecy may be trans lated into a fact. It is a confidence \vhich has its root in the very principles of human nature, and in the assurances of1 the revealed truth of God. The sovereignty of error — though its reign may have been prolonged through' the centuries — must come to an end. Truth only is immortal. The power which has held the mind of man so long in thrall must 'be broken, for liberty is mail's birthright, and the time must come when the . conscience of man shall be free. And so surely as spring follows winter, so surely as the' flood tide will come after the ebb, so surely as day follows night, so surely is the cause we now represent and advocate ' destined to prevail. Liberty is on our side. Truth is on our side. " Give me " said1 Archimedes, " a fulcrum, and I will move the world." Sir, what the mathe matician of Syracuse but wished for, we have. We have it in the activities of a free Press, which gives knowledge wings. We have it in the educational propagandism, which is seeking to gather the children into its arms ' and make them wise and strong in the benefits 1 which learning gives. We have it in the multiplication of those representative institutions in which popular power is gradually making itself felt as the moulding influence of States. We have it in the activities of our great religious societies and in the fruits which' those activities develop. And last of all we have it in the growing- circu lation of that grand old Book; the entrance of which giveth light, which is man's dearest pos session, and the principles of which1 constitute the strength and honour and glory of nations. And so, Sir, we have hope, that' the time is coming, though it may yet seem afar off, when the united influence of these things, acting at once as lever and fulcrum, shall lift the world up into, the atmosphere of truth and goodness,'1 with no disturbing influence of error or of super stition to. dim its brightness or to break its calm,1 and when Christ alone shall reign the un disputed and universal King. ' ' Brightly Beaming " was then reridered by the class, after which Rev. R. Rogers delivered an address. After humourously alluding to his position as a speaker without 'authority, 'he not being an - Orangeman, the rev. gentleman: spoke of the impression made upon his mind some years bqfore when reading that portion of Macauley's history of England relating to. the reign of William and Mary. Great changes hafi taken place since that time, when that Prince an« others fought to gain for their fellow-men that liberty which was not the gilt of Kings or Popes, , hut the ; birthright , of .every, man (in the world, .. After shortly , referring ; to an address dolivered last year by Archbishpp. Vaughan, he ! i. ...-.'j /:/ ' " iilv.- i-'.;.: proceeded to state the puiposes- of the Yatican with reference to the children of America and other1 lands,' and to/ state' hiSviewB /oh -the education question; 1 1 He -said that Qhesti6h"wai agitating the whole of the ' clvfilizOd world 'and the publib 1 cry was that evOry 6hild should' be educated tofit Jhim to perldrin1 the; social and Solitical duties Of1 life. That question'had been" eemed" of such 'impprtan'ce: :thkb' 'in" some pofr-' tions of Australia ' education" had _ been 'made free, compulsory and nontectariah'; 1 ;and- ih!New South Wales they were strivirig to bring :about the same thing, It was'ofily right that while men were engaged in -the interior 'cultivating the land and" producing1 articles rof consumption for those in centres of population, for thelatter to see that ' their children did1 not ' grow hp' in ignorance, for if we reaped the benefit front' their isolation it was right that we should give their children, education/and schools wherever practicable. The Vatican had sent out numbers of single men and" Women into' America, not to get married but, to educate the children, in the doctrines of the church, and for .'this purpose they demanded money from the State. But he would like to know if the people paid taxes'aa religious persons or as citizens ? There was an act; in this country which provided that the State should not support j religion, and . the Roman Catholics wanted to draw moneys for teaching their religion out of taxes paid by both- Roman- Catholio and Protestant citizens. Thie was hot fair, just or equitable, (and K the people of New South' Wales desired to prevent it, they must watch and work and pray for the day to come when State education shall be secular,! free,: and if- need be, compulsory.. He then proceeded to speak of the unity developed'by Orangeism, and concluded an interesting speech by saying that although he was not a member of the Order he believed in ite principles, and appreciated the efforts it was making to redeem the land from superstition and preserve to every, man the liberty which was his; right., Another part song by the class — "The Watchman " — followed, and as a wish was Ex pressed through the Chairman that, some of the sailors should sing, Messrs. Atrill and! Ruston stepped-forward amidst; great cheering and' sang a duet, The Upper Ten and the Lower Five. In response to an encore itho rformer delivered a recitation and the latter sang a comic song. ' ,Mr. J. Parker then addressed, the meeting. He said he stood before them, as an Orangeman, and was an Orangeman because he believed inr the; motto "Peace on earth and good will ;to , man " i because he was a lover of liberty, aud ! because he was loyal to the Queen, the British, throne,,. and the British constitution. They were combined together for the preserving of .liberty, for themselves and for their fellow- , citizens, whether Protestants or Roman Catho lics., They believed that the ecclesiastics of the Roman Catholic Church were combined to destroy the liberty of the people, and it was necessary that they should combine for the- purpose of preventing the overthrow of that liberty which they enjoyed. He believed that- the Orange Institution1 was absolutely necessary for the maintenance of liberty in the! world,, ana if it were not for tho obstruction they offered the Papacy would ride rough-shod- over, all the people , of the earth. Holding these views! he had identified himself with ; a cause which had already done a vast amount of good, and was so necessary to preserve the liberty which had been purchased at so dear a price. The Tonic Sol-Fa class here sang " The Jolly Old Farmer," and in response to a recall, gave "The Musical Contest." ' Rev. A. W. Grant moved a vote of thanks to the ladies who had assisted at the tea and at the Tonic Sol-Fa class for the entertainment they had afforded. . In doing this the rev. gentleman said he was glad to meet the sailors in Bathurst, and alluded to the different charac ters of the men- from the "Pearl" then nreserit and that of the men-of-war's men of- olden times. In speaking of the performances of the singing ' class he said the singing was a treat to listen to,' . and complimented the conductor and! the' mem bers. on their efficiency. He believed; that the influence of the class would he beneficial upon the choirs of the several churches in' Bathurst,' the singing in which was capable of great im provement. He recommended the young , people of Bathurst to join the class, and reap the benefits of the system there taught. The rev. gentleman also took occasion to speak of the influence of the Bible upon the world and the necessity there was for upholding it and adhering to its truths. The Rev. W. Kelynack '.seconded the vote of thanks, and it was carried by acclamation, which developed into rounds of "Kentish, Fire.";-, In acknowledging the vote for the class, the conductor, Mr. G. Smith, Mentioned that he; received no pay for teaching ; the small weekly sum paid by the members being' devoted to the purchase of music, payment of rent of hall, &e.;, The financial business of the class was trans acted by a secretar3r, treasurer, and a committee composed of the members. A short tipieagoai musical reunion was held in the Town Hall, and! since that event he had received about fifty applications to join ; but for varioaB reasons new members could uot now) join the class. - He had sent down for more music, however, and when that arrived he would be prepared to start another class of which due notice would he given to the public. The singing class would be open to members of every sect and creed,— (applause) — and he trusted that at a day not far distant he or . someone else would be able to practically illustrate the fact that under this system 200 voices could be conducted with as: much ease aud render pieces with as much pre cision as were the twenty voices which had sung that night. The present class was only in its infancy, but as a proof that the class was. making rapid, progress he mentioned that one of the , pieces they had just sung had never been, seen by the singers before last Monday. On the motion of Mr. W. C. Kelk, seconded by Mr. F. Halliday, a vote of thanks was- accorded to the Chairman. Mention was made, by the mover of the visit of the seamen to Bathurst, and of the enjoyment which! their presence had afforded. /'/; : Mr. C. Frost, of H.M.S. Pearl, acknowledged the compliment which had been paid- to himself and Bhipmates. He ..was sure that not one of them would ever forget the reception they had met with,: and vjhen far, away on the pea' or: irn other lands they 'would think of the people who- . , t .i . r 5 , ..... had treated them bo kindly. He believed that iter .what they. had experienced other compa- xiiea would beled to follow their example and pay a viait to this city. He could only say that tjtiqyi Would at any time, be glad to see Bathurst people on , board the Pearl, when they ran down to -Sydney, and he and his shipmates, would then try to return, in kind if not in degree, the \- kindness which they had met with here. \- The Chairman acknowledged the .vote, of thanks accorded to .him, and called upon the audience to rise and sing the National Anthemi . This .wbb done, 'and after three cheers: had been 'given for the . Queen, and three for the hayal visitors, - the audience, which was very or- derly throughout, quietly dispersed. — Bathurst Free Press. 