amusements. The good people of Melbourno have ; had nothing to complain of aa regards the extent and variety of the cntcrtainmonta provided for their delectation during the Christmas holidays. Indeed, if tho city were the Corinth of tho Australian colonies, where every spppiea of gratification awaited the vota:ie3 of pleasure, managers could not be more enterprising, or the public, and tho transitory population that iuundatea the metropolis during holidays, more appre ciative. The high-pressure energy that characterises the Melbournites in business affairs make3 itself manifest in an equal degree in taking their pleasure. They rush from the cares and anxieties, the labors and disappointments of the countiug-hou3C and the workshop, to revel in tho enjoyments, it may bo tho follies, of a Roman carnival. This is one of tho surest indications of a free, liberal-minded and well-to-do people ; aud while we retain . thi3 national peculiarity we need care but little for the croakers who will persist in declaring that the country is going rapidly to the dogs. Tho ball may be said to have been opened on Boxing night through Mr. Clark, in hia amusing lecture, and aome of the dilettanti local pro feaaionals went in for a little sacred music preliminarily. At the Royal, Mr. Harwood did honor to his management by the produc tion of one of the most gorgeous pantomimes yet witnessed in Melbourne. We last week gave an outline of the literary merit3 and construction of the piece, and it only remains to record its reception on Monday evening. Mr. Garnet Walch's adaptation of Mr. Brough's burlesque for local purposea was effected with taste and skill, though it doe3 seem curious, and certainly shows a poverty of invention on the part of playwrights, that we should not have had something essentially Australian. Par.tomimes arc primarily for tho amusement of children, wli/jse first dawning8 of intelligence are associated with nursery fables of ghosts and hobgoblins, giants, dwarfs and fairies, and all the Mun- j chausen wonders peculiar to that claaa of literature. But these do not appeal to tho fancy of YouBg Australia, and consequently the romance and poetry of such creations take no hold, and can scarcely obtain a foot ing, so to speak, in their minds. The old world pantomime, therefore, must only be ! viewed for ita spectacular grandeur, ! the elegance and taste of the appointments, the magnificence of the mechanical effects, the realism of the gorgeous scenery, and the pleasurable associations called up by the music and dancing. Accepted in this aspect, the Royal pantomime was an unequivocal success. The jokes were not as thickly scattered throughout as arc currants in n Christmas pudding. However, John Thos. Smith's hat and donkey 3 were allowed to rest ; there was no allusion to the elongated proportions of a certain well-known member of the legal profession, and for the omission many were no doubt thankful. A late mayor, a saveloy machine, and the eccentricities of a youthful legislator in connection with turf matters were substituted, and passed muster creditably. The dresses were superb, particularly of the yoiithful princes and the Amazons, while the caricatures of giants' and black slavos were amusing. In several of the tableaux the effect was dazzling to bewilderment, and hardly needed tho additional glare of the limelight. 'Where there was so much to praise it may almost seem captious to find fault, but there was one feature in the dis play that waa far from coming up to the standard of excellence which marked most other features of the pantomime. We allude to tho drilling of tho Amazons. For the purpoaes of stage marching it ia absolutely necessary that the ladies should be trained into the habit of walking erect and with the steady, measured step of men. The mincing tread and the bent figure a In kangaroo may look classical enough when draped in modern attire, but when every curve and outline is exposed lo the spectator the effect is most disillusionising, and in many instances ludi oroua. Fow spectacles can be rendered moro sensuously attractive than some score or two of young and well formed females, arrayed in shining panoply and silken vostments of glowing colors, marching and performing different evolutions with mathematical cor rectness to the sound of martini music. Tho lavish display of limbs does not strike one aa being from wantonness, so that the exposure iH robbed of its repulsiveness, and to the in nocent and pure-minded they present nothing moro than one of the nv-st pleasing combina tions of form, motion and color that can be conceived. The Amazon corps at tho Royal are not at all up to the mark. They, as a rulo, carry themselves awkwardly; they walk with an ambling, half creeping gait, and do net keep the step for two minutes consecutively. DoubtlcEB this defect will be to some extent remedied with practice, but Mr. Harwood should not lose time in having the corps placed upon a more satisfactory footing. There is another point o'f weakness couuected with tho Royal. It is one we havo on several occasions adverted to— namely, tho orchestra. We would res peotfully suggest that the managor should see to this. Better there should be no music than such a wretched make-believe. However, adverting to more pleasant themes, it is due to Mr. Hennings aud his assistants to say a good word relative to tho scenery. There were several scenes of great beauty. Mr Honnings is particularly happy in producing still water effects, and in this he excels in the panto mime. His perspective is unerring, and tho same may bo nai-l as regards tho representa tion of characteristic vogetation. In arohi toctural drawing ho is also accurate, and, knowing his strength, he seems to have ox ertod himself to tho utmost in painting tho scenes for this pantomime. The transforma tion scene waa not, in some par ticulars, as effective as many that Mr. Hennings has produced, but on tho whole it was pleasing and well worked out. Tho panorama of the Prince's visit' to India had also many commendable features. As to tho acting, Mr. Harwood, as the arch demon Djiun, showed his usual versatility, whilo Mr. Stewart, as Froggie, made more of tho part than a leas experienced actor could havo possibly evolved, Tho Misses Stewart (Docy, Maggie and Nellie) were useful ia their respective parts. Miss Florence Nor man was all that could be wished, while Mr. Greville was as outrageously, but at the same time as amusingly, in fault in his rendering of the character assumed aa it waa possible for any one to be. Miss Jenny Bryce, as nsual, showed hor3elf vivacious and elegant, with ability sufficient to cover a multitude of faults on the part of the author, if any existed. Altogether the management may be congratulated upon having produced a moBt enjoyable Christmas entertainment, which we have no doubt will run its accuatomed period with profit to themselves and satiafac tion to tho public. The pantomime at the Opera House ex ceeds all anticipations. It is freah, spark* ling, eloquent and gorgeous throughout. The scenery is superb. Habbe never shone to greater advantage. He leaves nothing to cavil at, nothing to desire. The first scene opened with a vision of the interior of the Temple of Mammon. Into this glittering grotto Fortune (Miss Winston) enters. Tho two talk on money matters, joke on the alleged decrease in railway .returns, and so on. The entry of the various metal3 that serve Mammon proved to be a novelty. The emblem of quicksilver was clevorly given by young Leopold. The nrcxt scene, the Haunt of Fancy, was bo well painted, that Mr. Habbe received a very decided call before the curtain. The two ca3cadua in the background were cleverly managed. Mrs. Fox, as the presiding genius of tho place, presented a well adorned appearance. An Agreeable Fancy (Miss Royal) was not long absent, and the influence she re presented was not wanting on the stage during the rest of the evening. Puss in Boots, Jack Horner, Little Red Ridinghood, &c;, were funnily depicted. The scene closed -with a ballet by 30 coryphees. Their dancea were execuiccl with grace, Franleiu Fannie and her daughter being the principal dansev.ses. The scene that followed was a beautifully painted view of Famigostn, whereat Outatelbo (Mr. G. Leopold) landed in bankrupt circumstances. His topical song, with dance3 after the manner of Little Noll, was extremely diverting, and wa3 en cored. His wifo Gratiana (Mr. Bell) was grotesquely dressed, and threw her energies into the situation, and proceeded to set .their house in order, when Fortunatu3 j (Miss Melville) returned from her holidays. ! Her page's dress of black silk, with crimson bowa, caused her appearance to be very attractive. The Earl of Flanders (Mr. I Bracy), putting into Famagosra for shelter, lands with his braves, who singTnminyMake ; Room for Your Uncle. There was a good ! scene where Fortunatus arrived at the land of King Pippin. The palace had a fine chamber in the Norman style, and there a discussion was going on as to the utter destitution of tho court, when FortunatuB entered and bought the king's cap at Pippin's own price. Wealth came, however, too late, for the creditors packed the treasury as soon as ifc was filled. The rebellion was brought uuder notice of the audience much in the same manner as the similar scene in Marie Antoinette was performed by the Ristori company. It was a great improvement on stage tumults generally. The transfor mation scene eclipsed any previous efforts in that direction at the Opera House, and as its beauties were unfolded, Mr. Habbe was again called before the curtain. St. George's Hall has been well patronised during the week, the entertainment given by the Fakir of Oolu being thoroughly ap preciated. The dissolving views on Boxing night were highly applauded, but the pbantascopic entertainment seemed to giva tho greatest satisfaction. One Timothy Crisp is represented as being lost in a wood, with a thunderstorm imminent and a pro fusion of visitants from the spirit world meeting him on every side. Timothy Crisp, however, is not at all discom fited, and resigns himself to fate with heroism which is certainly pro ductivi of a great deal of amusement. Spirits from the upper and lower regions — and strongly suggestive of both extremes appear upon the scene. Timothy's courage never forsakes him. He greets the figures represented in the looking- glass with a most bewitching air of politcsse ; aud, if one mi'ht judge from the very familiar greeting which the august potentate of the lower regions receives, the natural inference would be that that gentleman aud Timothy were on terms of the most intimate friendship. The ghost scene included in the adventures of Timothy Crisp was productive of a great deal of amusement, and the suspension of the en tranced lady in mid- air was as usual the feature of the evening. The fairy fountain formed a very agreeable interlude, the en tertninment being brought to a close with a spectral pantomime produced with pbanfca acopic effects, in which Mr. Tom 'Lewis's buffooncy was very entertaining. The re-appearance of Baby Benson on Monday, in her terpsichorean feats and vocal performances, drew a large house. The Baby received a very warm wel- come, and the audience generally were perfectly entranced with her several accom- plishments. The dancing of Miss Jennie Benson was also very entertaining. The old favorites, Mr. Farley and Mr. Beaumont Read, were most successful in the ren- dering of the duet, Larboard Watch. Mr. Farley gave a fair rendering of The Village Blacksmith, while Mr. Read's lead- ing solo was Please Give Me a Penny, Sir. Awata Catnoshin's feats of juggling were very warmly applauded. The annual performance of The Mes- siah by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society toott place on Christmas night, in the Town Hall. The performance, as a whole; was very creditable to the societjy The soloists engaged ware Miss Pitts. (soprano), Mr. H. Bracy (tenor), Miss Christian. (con- tralto), Mr. E. Farley (bass). The perfor- mance of the first-named young lady was very effective, especially in the first part of the programme. The recitatives were given with distinct enunciation, and in the soIos there was such a clear roundness of tone, and such accuracy of reading, as to show that since her last appearance she has been studying to good purpose. Mr. Hy. Bracy made his debut as an oratorio singer on this occasion, and fairly astonished the audi- ence by the careful manner in which he sang the opening recitative Comfort Ye, and the air Every Valley. The expression he threw into the reading was very marked, and the sweetness of his voice made the pleasure of listening to him all the more agreeable. Miss Christian's rendering of He was Despised was fall of pathos, and was listened to by the audience with wrapt at- attention. The second part of the pro- gramme was not so satisfactory. Miss Pitts lost her self-possession, and was very flat in the two soprano airs that are the glory of the latter part of the oratorio. Mr. Bracy's voice was not sufficiently robust to do justice to the air Thou Shalt Break them in Pieces like a Potter's Vessel. The want of declamatory power in this was particularly disappointing. Mr. Farley sang with care and good ex- pression. The Trumpet shall Sound had the benefit of Mr. Warnecke's obligato, which aided in giving proper effect to the famous air. The choruses were, as a rule, given with correctness and spirit. The Hallelujah was given with special verve. In the chorus, Let us Break their Bonds Asunder, the opening bars were much mixed, but the correct time was mastered before the vocalists had gone far. Mr. Peake presided at the organ very creditably, and Mr. Sum- mers acted as director. A sacred concert, consisting of selections from those popular works The Messiah and Creation, attracted a large audience to the Opera House on Christmas night. Many, doubtless, were also desirous of hearing Miss Melville in sacred music; and in addition Mra. Fox and Messrs. Beaumont and Templeton were included in the pro- gramme. The introduction to Handells Messiah was first performed by the orchestra, after which the first six numbers of the great work were given in a mannor which calls for no special notice. In the chorus, And the Glory of the Lord, some of the boys who sustained the alto portion were not remark able for their precision, the other portions 3being creditably Bung. The solo, 0 Thou that Xellest, was sung by a Miss Wilkins, who, although very nervous, gave evidence of the possession of a telling contralto voice. The remainder of the selections from The Messiah were — But Thou didst Not Leave (Mrs. Fox), Why do the Nations (Mr. Tem- pleton), Thou shalt Break them (Mr. Beau inont), I know that my Redeemer liveth (Miss Melville), and the Hallelujah Chorus. This last number, considering ihe choir at the disposal of the conductor numbered only 80 voices, was an exceedingly creditable one, and it is pleasant to record that the solo performers used their best efforts to ensure its success. The second part was principally composed of popular items from The Creation, comprising The Marvellous Work (Mrs. Fox), excellently sung and encored, the chorun being very effective. Uolling in Foaming Billows (Mr. Templeton), With Verdure Clad (Miss Melville), On Mighty Pens (Mrs. Fox), In Native Worth, and the recitative In splendor Bright (Mr. Beaumont), introducing the trio and chorus The Heavens are Telling. The trio waa sung by Mrs. Perraton, Mr. D. A. Beaumont and Mr. Wilson, and, with the chorus, was most effectively rendered. This chorus closed the performance, but, in addi tion to these selections, Miss Mel ville gave Handel's Angels Ever Bright and Fair, and Miss St. Ciair sang the Fac ut Portem from Rossini's Stabat Mater. Miss Melville has not added anything to her laurels by her appearance in sacred music. She showed noue of that pure devotional style which marked a Clara Novello or an Anna Bishop in that great song, I know that my Redeemer Liveth, and in The Creation she unfortunately invited comparison with a late exponent of the music here, who has given us a standard such 03 it will be difficult to attain and next to impossible to pass. Miss Melville tvaa further unfortunate in that the accompaniment to her other song, Angels ever Bright and Fair, was not at all what it should have been, and entirely marred what might have proved an excellent performance. Mr, Beaumont sang very unequally at the vviMuivuuviiivuv ul tuo gvcuiul : uu acullicU to labor under some disability to produce good tone, and forced hia voice Beveral times to an unnatural extent, but after wards, in the music of The Creation, he appeared quite restored, and In Native Worth was very well Bung. The concert was conducted by Messrs. Perraton and Zelman. The Rev. Chas. Clark's well-known lecture on Chriatmns in Old England was redeli vered in the Town Hall on Christmas eve, to an audience as large, and, if possible, more appreciative than ever. The lecture em. braces an endless variety of topics. Curious and antique fashions and customs are largely dealt with ; but the humorous anecdotes for which the rev. lecturer has acquired such celebrity, form the staple of the lecture, ap propriately enough with the season. The lecture was illustrated, as in past years, With the suiging of carols by accomplished arfciate. The music was rendered by a double quartette of far more than average ability, ft being composed of Mrs. Smythe, Mra. Howitz, Miss Christian, Miss St. Clair, and Messrs. Ford, Daniels, Lamble and Kaye. The carols were of three descriptions, ecclesiastical, popular and festive. The Itrogrammo, as a whole, was executed fault esaly, but tho most favored carols were The Blessed Virgin's Cradle Sonp, for muvu. uiioii vymiobiiiu was oncuuaiaaucaiiy encored, and the ever charming carol of olden days, God Rest You Merry Gentle men,' exquisitely sung by Mrs. Smytho and iSlrs. Howitz. Mrs. Chirk presided at the piano with her customary ability. On Monday Mr. Clark delivered hia lecture on The Tower of London to another well-hllod fconae. The pantomime at tho new Theatre Royal, Sydney, lately opened by Mr. Samuel Lazar, is an entirely original production by Garnot Walch. It is ontitled Beauty and'the Beast, or Harlequin King Glorio and tho Island of Apes; The prologue is a scene representing the roofs :of houses near tho General Post Office, Sydney. Hero, jnat as the clock Strikes twelve on tho night cf*£h~o 31st December, tho old year dioappcars, and the new year making his appearance calls on the various signs of the zodiac, and with their aid concocts the plot of the piece. _ Beauty, the daughter of King Glorio, ia wooed by various suitors, amongst whom ia tho Great Beast, who, aided by the machination of a wicked demon, and despite the interference of a good fairy, carries her off to his honie in the Isle of Apes. Count Advalorem, the Queen, Princess Aquilina, the court mesaenger and various other pro minent characters figure in the plot. A capital comic scene is the saloon of tho king's ship, where the seasickness of the King (Mr. Andrews), and the madness of Aquilina (Mr. Daniels), a la Ophelia, cause great merriment. Another great scene is the Tropical Forest in tho Isle of Apes, occupying the entire stage. The Beast's Palace is also an effective idea. The trans formation scene is from the pencil of Mr. Wilsnn. Bnmrlas this rmntomime. and the one at the Theatre Royal, Mel bourne, Garnet Waloh is also represented in Wellington, Now Zealand, whore a new ver sion of hia extravaganza, Trookulentos, is to be played, Mr. George Darrell taking the principal character. The Kilmore papers speak in high terms of the opera di camera, as recently given by Professor Hughea and his pupils at that town. The Advertiser writes : — ' We must speak in the highest terms of the vocal efforts of Miss Blackham, whoute voice is of considerable compass, power and sweetness. She was encored several times. The other performers did well. Each night, in spite of the weather, the programme wm gone through with spirit and success. Look to the End, a pretty opera di camera, cheated much amusement, and afforded genuine pleasure ; Miss Blackham'a clear soprano, her finished style and faultless enunciation, being very marked. The company went from Kilmore to Seymour, and thence to Na gambie.' 