The Sketcher. Over the Mountains to Mandurams Diggings. [FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.] NO. I. HAD I been in any other civilised country in the world but New South Wales when I received your telegram requesting me to represent you specially at the opening of Mandurama, I should hive at once applied to the Commissioner or Secretary of the railway line to be pawed over, or the Minister for Works for a free paw. Un fortunately here in New South Wales, while actresses and other distinguished visitors (very properly, I am willing to admit) are granted gratuitous use of the line, and feted by those controlling the railways, the hard-working press man is debarred from the privileges aooorded to members of the profession everywhere else. Ever since an alleged abuse of the system of granting free panes to journalists on active duty, which led to a long parliamentary debate that resulted in nothing, the matter has been left to the discretion of the Minister of the day, though the question is supposed to be, and to have been, before the Cabinet for over two years, and passes are granted at the caprice of the railway officials. Aa the spot to be visited is beyond Carcoar, and Careoar is beyond Bathurst, after making the necessary preparations, I took a ticket for Kelso, the nearest point to that city, distant 148 miles, price, first-class return, £3 35., or rather £3 2s. lid., available for a week. I propose to recoup for some of this outlay by giving your readers a description of the railway and the country tra versed by it, as well as the rest of the scene of my investigations. There are two trains to Kelso (one mile from Bathurst) daily, one starting at 9 a.m., and the other (the mall train) at 6 p.m. The former arrive*' at Kelso at 5.2 p.m., and the latter at 12.47 a.m., the time occupied on the journey being about eight hours. The commencement and terminus of the Great Western and Southern and suburban lines is at Redfera, over half-a -mile from the post office, but a movement is on foot to extend them into Sydney itself. Surveys have been made and a sum put upon the esti mates just about to be submitted to Parliament for the work. The Sydney station is a fairly handsome and commodious one, but the space at command for the purpose is quite inadequate for the requirementa of so important a city. Recently a branch line from Redfern baa been constructed to Darling Harbor, where a wharf exists, and in time all the heavy goods will be taken there from ships' sides, instead of their being allowed to be carted through Sydney, to the ruination of the streets. There are also large goods sheds and engine works near the station, but the ground is too small for extensive operations. But to prooeed on our journey. The Qreat Western is a rail way, and nothing more; no innovations have been made. There is a conservatism about it; the carriages are of the same pattern almost, and built in the same style—as far as accommodation is concerned—as those in use twenty yean ago. Other colonies have adopted systems tried elsewhere; but the railways in New South Wales are of the plainest description. Victoria has copied America, and even France, in her railway economy, but we remain m alatu quo. Why should we sit upon stuffy hot cushions on a biasing midsummer day when a oane seat is so much better, cooler, and more comfortable ? The authorities pay no attention to our ever- varying climate, the Bame saloons which confine half-frozen miserable pas sengers in July, admit a thouand draughts, stifle and half-choke us, and render the journey a penance, not to be endured except on the sternest necessity—in January. I believe that the department have agreed to adopt the plan of a patent oar used in America, but the boast that they have done so was made months ago, yet we near of no commencement having been made. I see no reason why people who would pay for a comfortable bed on an eight hours' journey by night, should be forced to sit bolt upright, half dead with sleep—unable to read because there is not sufficient light—unable to converse because the noise of the wheels drowns all sounds but their own—fagged to death -ennuyed—miser able—frozen to the marrow, or Btifled within an ace of suffcation. There is one glaring defect in our railway management—one which, though not exactly the fault of the department, reflects disgrace on the whole system, and which cries aloud for re dress. That is the want of proper refreshment rooms on any of the lines—north, south, or west. It is incredible that in this age, with all our boasted civilisation, passengers are kept for eight hours in a train without being able to obtain any spirituous nourishment. The first length of railway laid in the colony was the one we are passing over—that to Parramatta. It was opened in September, 1855, and cost Biz times as much for the fourteen miles as the con fiding shareholders estimated the whole exten sion to Goulburn, the terminus first determined upon—l34 miles ; and it has since been relaid at a further cost of from i.'60,000 to £70,000, the cost per mile being over £50,000. The trains to Kelso do not stop till they reach Parramatta, there being a separate traffic between Sydney and Newtown, Petersham, Ash field, Burwood, Homebush, the Junction, and Windsor and Richmond. The line is a double one to Parramatta, but beyond that point it is single. Trains, of course, pass each other at given points. The gauge is 4ft. B^in., and a doubled-headed 751b. rail is used throughout our several lines. Suburban Sydney is seen to advantage as the train rattles along through these rut in urbe a little way out of the town. Hundreds of villas and neat cottages are rapidly passed, with churches in numbers, hotels, gar dens, orchards, and other evidences of refine ment and civilisation. One could make a pleas ant and profitable tour through these places, especially when nature puts on her gorgeous garbs. Beautiful m Sydney ia, viaitora to it would tnd their visit made wonderfully more enjoyable by a rumble through the quiet places in its vicinity. Forty-eight minutes take ua to Parramatta, 14 miltß from Sydney, as w» have made no stay, except a minute or two at the Junction, where the trains for Goulburn and the south branch off. Special mortuary trains also leave at stated intervals for Haslem's Creek, which is passed between Sydney and Parra matta. Parramatta is, strictly speaking, the oldest township in the colony, having borne its name when Sydney was but a depot. It ia a queer old town, and well worthy of a visit, not only for the rural beauty of the surroundings, but for the associations with the early history of the colony. It has its gaol; churches (old-fashioned buildings with burial grounds containing quaint epitaphs, and the graves of notable old colonists), hotels, banks, and other institutions, and returns two members to the Assembly. But we have no time to linger ; a few minutes and the guards are crying out, "Take your seats, gentlemen !" After a fierce whistle, and a snort or two, the engine tears away, and we go on another six miles, through a succession of orangeries, vineyards, and farms, till Seven Hills platform and station are reached—not a very lively-looking spot, but there are homes in its vicinity, and' I dare say some of those who dwell in them think Seven Hills the sweetest spot on earth; and, when they are in distant lands, maybe will sigh as they call to mind the vine-embowered •ottagee, the rural walks, and the associations ever inseparable from a country home. Home i curious word; it is wonderful what a charm it has for most people. Why, I once saw a heathen nigger blubber like a well born Christian child at being taken off a bare sand-patch, because, forsooth, he had been torn there; yet he was being taken to the beautiful Fiji*, to till cotton land and associate with gentlemen planters. Two miles more and we are at BUcktown, twenty-two miles from Sydney. This is the junction with the line lead ing to Windsor and Richmond, on the Hawkes bury. It is sixteen miles, I see, from Blacktown Junction to Richmond, and twelve to Windsor ; but we are bound west, and push on to Rooty Hill, another three miles. Rooty Hill is a road leading no one can see where from the station. Then South Creek pulls us up, after we have gone another four miles through more cham pagne country and past more smiling homesteads. South Creek may be a very lively place, but I shouldn't care to stop there for more than a month. From South Creek it is a pleasant five miles to Penrith, on the Nepean—an old fashioned city—the capital of Emu Plains. I have never seen more of it than I could ob serve during a hurried run to the public-house at the corner, but I should judge that it is Parramatta on a smaller scale; duller if pos sible ; hopelessly dead, commercially speaking, but a cosy, quaint, sleepy, homely old place, well beloved by its youths and old residents. Seen from the train and the top of the moun tains, Penrith is a picture ; the builder has not crushed out nature ; green trees, shrubs, and flowers do battle with wood, bricks and mortar, .and in many instances achieve a , victory. The straggling old streets are deserted, exoept by teams of bullocks wending their way—thrusting out their tongues as if anxious to consult the local medical practitioner as to their state of health; and perhaps a few horsemen and foot-passengers leisurely lounging about. The real journey over the mountain should begin at Penrith, but a platform pulls the train up at Emu Plains. Leaving Penrith, the line crosses the Nepean bridge or viaduct, 612 feet long, exclusively of iron and timber approaches. The Great Western-road is likewise taken over beside the i ail way. This part of the country is subject to periodical floods, which make it lively for the good people around. The Nepean is a broad stream, having its rise in the Blue Mountains, and it runs from here and (under the name of the Hawkesbury) flows past Windsor and Richmond, and so on, through many a farm and meadow, to Broken Bay, where it fails into the Pacific. Emu Plains platform passed, the ascent of the Blue Mountains may be said to commence. We are here only 87 feet above the high water level of the water of Port Jackson. The train now begins the ascent on a gradient of 1 foot in 30, up the gorge leading towards Warrangamba—over Knapsack Gully viaduct—a gigantic structure 388 feet in length, with a height of 126 feet from its foundations to the rail level, built at a cost of £22,724. The scenery now becomes beautiful; but we must wait till the top of the Zigzag is reached before we get a perfect panorama. The eleven miles from Penrith were completed in December, 1865, and cost £88,666—this in cludes the permanent way and ballasting. The view to the left of the line is very fine; the gully leading to the south-west is a grand bit of scenery. There is some scheme or project in hand to bring water down this gully for the supply of the metropolis ; whether . it will be matured or not, of course I cannot say. The foot of the mountain is thirty-six miles from Sydney, and we have been two hours on the road. Now we ascend the zigzag with a rush, leaving behind a portion of the heavy goodß at the siding. The principle of the Zigzag is, of course, generally known ; but, for fear of any one being ignorant of it, I will, in a few words, describe the novel way of getting "over de mountains." Suppose the mountain to run South and North, the train rushes up an incline nearly parallel to it; it then runs off the rail on to another grading running nearly parallel in an opposite direction (pushed this time) till another line is reached, and another incline leads on to the ordinary course along the top in the required direction. Lapstone Hill is the name of the particular portion of the Blue Mountain range reached by the zigzag. Once on its sum mit, one of the moat beautiful panoramas ever opened out by nature unfolds itaelf. Lookina back, one Bees at a glance wood, water, mountains, rivers, cultivation, wildness, quiet homes, grand expanses of plain and forest, all backed by the blue hills marking the sea board. The Emu Plainß, dotted with churches, villas, farm-houses, cultivated lands, the town of Penrith, and many clusters of buildings, which may be villages, and are perhaps pastoral home steads ; thu centres of rum*; all Beem gems Ret iu Emerald green. Thn Nepean winds its devious course along —sparkling and refreshing through many a peaceful meadow and belt of timber. In fact it would be difficult to find a more beautiful picture than there present* ■< itself—the very antithesis of the one to be Men farther on from the spur of the range; a vast expanse of forest timber waving like valleys of corn, with here and there gigantic rook* and craigß standing out to dutpel the illusion. The engineering difficulties surmounted asto nish and bewilder every engineer who visits the work. There are more gigantic operations in America, vaster cuttings and larger hills gone, through in India and on the. continent of Europe, but the whole idea and its performance make our Western Railway the wonder of the Southern Hemis phere. The idea of getting over a range in this way did not originate with Mr. Whitton, but its application here, and the energy and idomitable perseverance of the survey and con* struction reflect the greatest credit on "the Chief," hit* staff, and the different contractors. The air now, even in mid-summer, becomes dry and cold; little wonder—in four miles we have risen nearly 700 feet, and in six (at Wascoe's) over a thousand. An aneroid barometer carried in the hand maybe seen falling, the index pro gressing like the hand of a watch. The sand box has to be applied to enable tho wheels to bite the rails. Here, in the vicinity of Wascoe's, are historic spots, "Cox's Downfall" and Ellis' Toll Bar, little patronised—the mort retired hermit might suc ceed Ellis, and not have his seclusion broken by many passers through his gates. Springwood comes next to Wasooe's ; we are still ascending as we follow the winding course of the main range, which divides the tributaries of the Nepean and Cox from those of the Grose. At Springwood, forty-seven miles from Sydney, we are 1216 feet above the level of the sea. The scenery has changed ; occasionally one can look down on to the grand and awe-inspiring valleys, vast and sombre in their monotonous grandeur. There is no cultivation now; no happy, smiling homesteads ; no honest old farmers; no groups of rosy-cheeked children, no anything but solitude, and grandeur, and wild magnificence, with miles and nothing to be seen but solid cuttings, and a wall of eucalypti, with at times a lavish pro fusion of gorgeous flowering shrubs ; the beauti ful waratah lifting'its beautiful scornful head, and more lowly but as beautiful flowers meekly peeping out from the dense foliage. This is the only track along the mountains—go off the spur, and you may be a thousand feet down in a second. As it is, there are deep cuttings through sandstone rocks, as hard almost as flint Within the last month the department have' run a special excursion train to this spot, at cheap fares, and many country seats are being built by the wealthy classes of Sydney. This twenty miles|from Penrith has cost over £152,000, and cheap too you would say, if you calculate the cost of drivißg inch by inch at those mountain sentinels that stand in the road and would thrust you into the valleys below. You are now 1500 feet above the level of the sea, the aneroid up, I cannot say how many degrees, and the air piercing even in summer. More history—pass a sharp curve that makes you sway in your seat; and by the side of the rails, and by the side of the old road too, rests the " bold Jack Donaghue." The bold Jack has a very unenviable noto riety ; he was a gentleman of the road, and used to ease travellers of their super fluous cash, and then ride down one of these precipitous wall-like gullies, and drink grog stolen from passing drays. He rioted it for many a day, idolised by the lovers of gallant, free-handed, reckless bushrangers, till he was shot dead—dead—dead by a trooper, and was buried by some of his admirers ; and there he lies, and the whistle of the train, and the whir ring of the wheels, two or three times a day, are the only sounds that disturb the spot where bold Jack sleeps. More grand scenery, and Bull's Camp u passed. I can tell you nothing of Bull, except that he was a colonel in charge of a road party, and, I've no doubt, made the blood flow merrily down the backs of some of the desperate, reckless men under him, when they played up, whilst the via doloroto was being hewn out over the Blue Mountains. Between Springwood and Wood ford, the next station, we rise 1000 feet, and are now 2000 above the heads of the good people of Sydney, sweltering in the summer heat, whilst we are glad to pull up the windows, and yet are but 50 miles away. We look back and can see Mount Vincent, that overlooks Newcastle, besides hundreds of minor peaks, and scores of miles of one unbroken mass of blue hills, tim ber, and rocks. Now we are 1 at Woodford. In valids " perch " up here, and it is getting to be a fashionable resort. One of the Fairfaxes has a mansion here, and there is quite an air of liveliness about the place. We can now see Mount St. Vincent plainly, and the country about Newcastle. There are romantic walks and wonderful Bights at Woodford, and a Taama nian climate for enervated invalids, that restores them wonderfully. We are only three miles from the Blue Mountain station now, and in a few minutes we draw up at that land-mark on the Great Western-road and Railway, fifty-eight miles from Sydney. There is a public-house hen close to the platform, the only one accessi ble to the traveller along the line. If we were in any other country but this, we might get a little menu, and take it on to the Weatherboard, where the plates might be collected. A stroll even for a few minutes here is of interest to the speculative mind. There in the Blue Mountain Inn, cashiered, disrated ; what visions of old timen it conjures up! the coach lumbering up with ite smart Yankee driver, its guard, the pas sengers alighting for a drink; the numerous teams —the bullock-drays crawling westward with rations, or going down with wool. They tell of a squatter who started hut teams up and went home ; toured it through Gceat Britain and the Continent, and came back and overtook them at this inn, seven months out. Where are they now ? The coaches rot in Cobb's yards, or their ironwork forms part of new coaches running to the diggings ; the teamsters or passengers are dead, or may be driving from Bathurst; and the old inn stands there gloomy and deserted. I should be afraid to sleep there alone ; I should see ghosts of drivers, bush rangers, ttamstcro, and paawigtra long departed, or hew the "bail up" or "wcss,.** cjjmr There k not much, time to morsss»e, for w» tumble in and pursue onr tortuouß coarse, going towards all potato of the compass, as tk» spur deviates, the engine snorting and panting Bfce» giant to distress, for we are still rising. It»ol>*r lour mile* to the Weatherboard, but wo aseand nearly 500 feet, and are sixty-two* miles from Sydney. Some beautiful "falls" «s* in th» neighborhood, and the tourists oome mt9 to commune with nature, and philosopher* see* "how little we emmets appear." Then we». go on to Crasher's—another four miles—t*e> scenery about the Mime grand old thing. Ttu# fifteen miles from tlw Blue Mountains has oost £78,726. There is a lovely valley opens out ,to A our gate, leading into Burrowgowang, some thing to wonder at, and be flstoimbed by. At Crusher's there is a siding to let «|»/°od» *"•* get out of the way, like Dan Tucker of sable song. The temperature is colder •«"—*« — now getting towards Blackheath, 73 inileiftomi Sydney. Govett's Leap is in thii vicinW-- OoTett was * bushranger, and used to live nsre, and used to " bail up" the coaches, but he shared the fate of bold Jack Donaghue. Pulpit Hill is now passed and the celebrated old police barrack*. Every inch of ground bMd V* legend—its tales of robbery, murder, and cruelty We an 8090 odd feet up in the cold air now aye, nearly 3500, and look down on a vast valley called—as far as I could learn—HessmboL Little Hartley i» down there somewhere, and we can see little patches of bright green amidst the mass of tree-tops Mid cliffs, telling of culti vation. This is the highest elevation, except a* Clarence Tunnel, where we shall be 3658 feet above high water of spring tides at Bydney. We skirt round the edge of this gully or g°rg«t getting ever and anon glimpses of the wild, rugged country below, and at last oome to Mount Victoria—77 miles from Sydney—and wHh aft elevation of 3426 feet. This is another kad mark. It was undecided once whether the asme of the station was Mount Victoria or Vittorisv but an old map, planned by Sir Thorns** Mitchell, the Surveyor-General of thecotonyv and who gave it its name, decided the ques tion. The line from here runs over ,the ranges which divide the watershed of the Lett and the Colo, from the sources of the Grose. Mount Victoria is the station- at, which passengers alight, bound for Hartley, three miles distant. The trains bound east and west meet here, and the passengers often pro*, menade the platform for a few moments together. A little way from the station is a good hotel and a small township. There is a tramway to the kerosine shale works, a little way west of Mount Victoria. The shale ia lifted from the vallev by a stationary engine, and at Hartley Vale, where there is a platform, the branch line which brings the coal from the Hartley mine joins the Western Railway. There are several companion formed to work the Hartley mines, and, now the railway is extended to Kelso, the coal finds a ready sale, in Bathurst. From Mount Victoria we get a good view of the round we have come; the white line marking the railroad shines out amidst the dark rooks and green trees only a few miles away, yet we have come a score at least This is the only pass from range to range, and Clarence Tunnel outs through the range be tween Dargin's Creek and Brown's Biver. The cost of this section (15 miles 75 ohains) was, ex* elusive of rail and station, 4187,734, so the magnitude of the work may be imagined. The Clarence Tunnel goes 589 feet through solid rock, and is lined with masonry, beaide which there are seventy-four culverts of an aggregate length of 3146 feet, 594,558 cubic yards of stuff were excavated, 421,697 being rock. [TO B* CONTIMUKD.] A Rough Joki.—The young IwUm of BenaMa seminary recently played a practical joke which throws into the shade everything in a similar line which we ever heard oi It seems a number of gay young Vallejoites have been in the habit of driving over to our sister city on Sunday after* noons, and hanging around the female semina ries, endeavoring to communicate with the young lady pupils. On. a recent occasion they even went so far as to organise a mock prayer-meeting under the seminary windows, and prayed for the "little lambs," and asked especially that they might be protected from " the old he wolf and Bhe wolf," meaning, we suppose, the principal' and his estimable matron. The matron was at her wits' end to know what to do about the nuisance, when the young ladies volunteered to take measures themselves which would cause it to be abated, which arrangement was assented to. The very next Sunday evening the young men came again, and proceeded to repeat the prayer-meeting scene, which they apparently considered a great ioke. Pretty soon thry heard one of the blinds in the second story cautiously opened a little way, and also a slight coughing as if to attract attention. Looking up, they saw a little white object, apparently a note, hanging by a string. The note was slowly lowered. One of the young men ran forward to get it, standing on tiptoe and reaching up in eager expectancy. It came down almost within reach, the string being apparently a little too short. The young man strained himself to retch it, opening his mouth as he did so with the excess of exertion. Just as he touched the note with the tips of his fingers, the blind was thrown violently opeu, a paU appeared, which was turned bottom side up as quick as a flash, and a deluge of slops fell on the young man. It wetted him from head to foot, including his gorgeous shirt front, and poured into his mouth, eyes, and ears. Instantly a whole row of blinds were thrown open, and at overy window appeared a group of giggling girl*. That prayer meeting broko up without a bene diction, and the young men returned to Vallejo by the most direct route known to them.— Val- Ujo Chronicle. In St. Mary's Church, Geelong, a young lady about to be married was served with a summon* while the preliminaries were being arranged in the vestry. The demand was made for part of the trousseau. The bridegroom was requested to. give his I. O. U. for the amount, but urmly de clined. The marriage theu proceeded without further interruption. A correspondent, writing from Hobart Town to The Time* of India, recommends Tasmania as a retreat for Anglo-Indians. 