gjfefrff 0f i\t Wink. w In the Assembly on Wednesday Mr. Taylor gave notice that on August 9 ho ? would move that in the opinion of the House persons acting as jurors at inquests should bo remunerated for their services. The last examination for results of 27 schools under the Council of Education gavo an average of 58*64 per cent., the highest per» By a note from the Superintendent of Telegraphs, we ' learn that the schooner Floral Star arrived at Port Darwin on Tuesday. At first the vessel was supposed to be the Sadie F. Caller. The Superintendent of Telegraphs has courteously handed us the following copy of * telegram received on Thursday morning from v^ the stationmaster at the station west of 'Wil- ^~ lanippe : — 'Ve have had the finest rains hero that we have had this season, raining nearly all day yesterday, last night, and night before, with heavy showers to- day, with a little hail. Should say at least inch and half fallen. Weathec towards Fowler's Bay also from appearance very wet.' We are informed by the Superintendent of Telegraphs that the schooner Sadie F. Caller, '' about which some anxiety has been felt, arrived at Port Darwin on Wednesday. The Government have offered a reward of £100, with a free pardon to an accomplice, for information leading to 'the conviction of persons who have stolen cargo that has coma ashore from the wreck of the Geltwood. We are officially informed that the mail for Melbourne, forwarded overland on Thurs day, July 20, was received at Penola too later for dispatch. This is the third or fourth tima that the same thing has occurred lately. Severe frosts have been experienced in the hills lately, and have had a highly preju dicial effect on vegetation. Acres of potatoes', which looked healthy and promising, have beem completely .destroyed, as have also pumpkin* vegetable marrow, and other plants, causing heavy losses to the gardeners. Notwithstanding the high price of meat* there has never been a finer display of beef and1 mutton in the butchers' shops in Adelaide than at the present time. Mr. Ballantyne, of Bundle street, has just killed two fine bullocks from Canowie which took prizes at the last show ofr the Royal Agricultural Society. One of them weighed 1,190 lbs., and the other 1,296 lbs. A A short time ago the experiment of running a late evening train from the City to the Port was tried, and was abandoned for want of support. Its renewal, however, has proved the necessity for such a train, for on Saturday night the last down train was so completely ^ , filled, that second-class passengers were com- ~-« pelled to ride in first-class carriages. The Craigendarroch arrived from London on Monday, bringing 30 immigrants, who are- thus classified : — Laborers 16, baker 1, car penter and joiner 1, bricklayer 1, engineer 1, plasterers 2, turner 1, brickmaker 1, stonemason. 1, chaser and engraver 1, miller 1, and cook 1. There were no cases of serious sickness daring . the voyage. We understand that at a recent Churcli. meeting at Chalmers Church the Bev. John Davidson, the pastor, requested to be relieved of his ministerial duties in consequence of the growing claims made upon him by the Uni versity. He offered, however, to retain his position until a successor could be appointed. Application has been sent to Scotland foe a minister, pending the arrival of whom Mr. Davidson will retain his office. The Burra paper mentions that since last shearing a number of men have been rega- * larly employed on the Mount Bryan Station, destroying rabbits. The plan adopted is to stuff shavings saturated with coal tar down the burrows, and set fire to them. Thousands of rabbits have thus been suffocated, but no very serious diminution of their numbers appears to have been effected. The rabbit nuisance in. many parts of the colony is becoming a serious matter, as they destroy an immense quantity of the feed, required by the sheep. The extension of the Wallaroo and Moonta Bailway to Port Moonta is likely to be proceeded with very shortly. According to the local paper, in order to make this portion of the line more useful, it is intended to carry ifr back towards East Moonta as far probably as the Mines post-office. With the establishment of low fares, the traffic will probably be some thing considerable, especially during tha summer months. ^ ^ We heard on Tuesday that the Hon»' r^r Wm. Parkin had met a number of erentlemeiK connected with the Congregational body, and intimated to them his intention of giving £5,000 at once, and a like sum at a future* period, to found a theological college for tha education of students for the ministry in tha Congregational body. 'We were specially requested, however, in accordance witn » Mr. Parkin's express desire, not to men tion the matter at present. 'We see our contemporary has obtained a knowledge o£ the affair, and has given publicity to- it. Some one must have violated confidence. Now that the matter is public, we can only express our satisfaction that Mr. Parkin has generously followed in the footsteps of Messrs. Hughes and Elder, and during his life devoted a portion of his property to the noble cause of education, j The Watervale correspondent of tha Northern Argus, in a letter dated July 2O» states : — ' It is with pleasure I have to record another of those kind and charitable actions which so frequently mark the conduct of our colonists one to another in deserving cases of need. Mrs. Elliott, of this place, who some months ago was left a widow, had no means of getting her crop in , and the season was far advanced before anything was done, but the famers near Watervale mustered in strong force with ploughs, harrows, &c;, and completed the paddock — about 20 acres — in less than two days, for which I am sure they have the heart felt thanks of the widow, and are deserving of. great praise.' Mr. Arthur Mellen, who has* acted foe many years as a watchman at the goods depattm ment of the Port Adelaide Railway Station, and who was a pensioner of 40 years' standing, died on Saturday evening. The deceased joined tha British army in 1810, and was stationed in France at the close of the Peninsula War, arriving in that country a day or two fl^ter, tjhjqi battle of Waterloo. - r We legiret to record the death of Mr. Cfcrl Balk/J.P., of the firm' of Messrs. 'Wills and Oo^ of 'this city. The deceased' gentleman was 5b tire enjoyinentof ?- his usual-health and spirits only a week ago, but was taken suddenly ill, and ?was laid Tip with fever -which assumeda typhoid farm, and terminated fatally early on Sunday morning. : Mr. Balk has resided many years in -Jhe colony, and has for a considerable time been en active and- respected member of the firm above mentioned. His life in other respects lias been a useful one, and he will be deeply regretted by many sorrowing friends. It is but iwo or three weeks since we published an account of a friendly society's meeting, at which Mr. Balk was highly complimented for the active part he had taken in its establishment and support, and a strong and pleasing testi mony was borne to his general willingness to promote the good of his fellow colonists, and especially that of the working classes. Mr. Balk took a warm interest in public affairs, and when occasion called him out, he was energetic in action and effective as a speaker at public meetings. He was of a genial kindly disposi tion, and was beloved by many, and respected by all who knew him. He leaves a widow and family of young children to mourn their loss. At the meeting of the City Council, on Monday, an adjournment of the business for an lour and three quarters was agreed to, to enable His Worship and the councillors to attend the funeral of the late Mr. C. Balk, J.P. On re assembling there were only three members of the Council present, and the remaining business -was postponed until next day. At the meeting of the City- Council on Tuesday, Cr. Peel moved 'That it is desirable for the council to try and arrange for the purchase of the Provincial Gas Company's Adelaide property, if the same is for disposal.' The motion was carried, and it was resolved that His Worship the Mayor, with Crs. Stacy and Peel, should wait on the directors of the company to ask them on what terms they would 'be prepared to sell the property. The Full Court, on Tuesday, July 25, refused to grant a rule nisi in the case of Man sing v. O'Sullivan, calling upon defendant to show cause why the nonsuit should not be set aside. A rule nisi, calling upon the defendants 5n Aldwell and Others v. Bundey and Others, to show cause why the verdict should not be in creased to £120, was granted. The argument on the motion for a ride nisi in McCulloch v. 'Whitting was adjourned. The court will sit again on Wednesday, August 2. The organ-grinders have come to grief. They and their boys have at times annoyed people by refusing to ' move on,' and by their persistency in begging for 'assistance to the blind.' On Monday the boys were brought before Mr. Beddome, charged with begging in the streets, and the men with aiding and abetting. The boys were each ordered to be sent to the Industrial School for six months, and the men ?were ordered to be imprisoned for seven days. *' We have often been surprised,' -writes the Wallaroo Times of July 26, ' that there have not been attempts made to escape from the 'Wallaroo gaol. The prisoners sentenced to hard labor are employed beyond the precincts of the gaol, and if there be three or four of them, with just one warder to mind ihem, there seemed no reason why they should not start, save the great probability that they would be picked up. On Mon day the man named Egan, sentenced to six months' imprisonment for robbing the house of M. R. Hancock, Esq., at the Moonta Beach, made Ms escape. The warder looked in his own window to see what was the time, and on turn ing round saw that his man was gone. Infor xnation was at once given at the police station and to the various stations in the district. The man was apprehended on the track from Kadina to the Barunga Gap.' The classes for mechanical drawing in connection with the Chamber of Manufactures lave commenced with good prospects of suc cess, Mr. J. F. Conigrave, Secretary, having enrolled 100 pupils. On Wednesday evening, July 26, the classes met at the Training School, Orote-street, over 90 pupils being present, not ?withstaiiding the inclement state of the -weather. It was apparent at once that the room set apart for their use was far too small if all the students met at one time, and it was accordingly arranged that they should be divided into two classes, one to meet about ialf- past 6, or a little later every Wednesday and Friday evening to study till 8 o'clock, and. the other to arrive at that hour, and stay till balf-past 9 or a quarter of an hour later. Mr. C Drews, the teacher, addressed the pupils 5n a short but practical speech, informing them that each student would have to furnish himself with a drawing-board two feet square, a set of mathematical instruments, and a T square, and that the Chamber of Manu factures would Tplace every possible facility in their way for them to obtain these necessary articles. He stated that Mr. R. Rees, M.P., iiad given them some general ideas as to techni cal education in his able and interesting speech, delivered at the first meeting, and it would sow be his duty to explain to them more fully low he intended to teach them the art of mechanical drawing. It was necessary, what ever-trade they were engaged in, that they should have a thorough knowledge of linear drawing, and he would accordingly commence -with that branch of study. Then he would take his pupils through a course of projection, -which they would find somewhat difficult, and le had no doubt some of them would become dis . couraged in consequence of the hardness of their task, but he hoped they would remember how necessary it was that they should pay particular attention to this part of their study if they ever wished to put their knowledge to practical use. Having instructed them in projection, he -would divide them into as many classes as there -were trades among them, so that they might begin to make drawings in connection with the particular kind of work in which they were engaged. That would be the time when they would show in what degree they had been benefited by the previous course of study. The most technical part of the education which they were endeavoring to obtain would then be im parted, and as the teacher during this period *eould do little but superintend, it would de pend upon themselves whether or not the knowledge that they had derived would be of any use to them. Mr. Conigrave gave the pupils some hints as to the manner in which they ought to obtain the articles necessary in connection with their study, and the ? meeting terminated. *' To show the large firewood trade at the Burra in supplying the mine, two flour mills, and the increasing number of inhabi tants,' the Northern Mail of July 22 mentions ifrat 'the Clerk of the Local Court has issued timber licences to 92 persons during the present month; the fees amounting to £35 5s. Persons engaged in this trade find it more pro Stable to obtain licences than attempt to evade the argus Jeye of the ranger.*| We quoted a paragraph about ten days «go from the Hamilton Spectator to the effect that Mount Gambier buyers were in the habit of buying up cattle in the Western District and taking them to- Adelaide and selling them at an enormous profit. It was said the price paid in Victoria for one lot lately was £11, and that realised in Adelaide £26 per head. The Jiorder Watch is assured by Mr. Mclntosh, the iniyer of the cattle referred to. that this is a grossly exaggerated statement. The mob only averaged £16 per head in Adelaide, leaving him, after deducting expenses, ne more than a fair margin of profit. The statement of theSpectator, it ip*. stated, has made sellers so unreasonable thatxn advantageous trade is virtually brought ?to -a standstill j buyers cannot now give the yricessasked. Our Millicent correspondent, writing on the 17th of July, says— The weather is fine, end She purchasers of the wreck of the Geltwoo^ seem very well satisfied with their bargain, as euch in reality they deem it. It is confidently expected they will be able to save a very large portion pf the cargo, Sf not the hull itself, ^yesterday the sea wap quite cal™/ z&A; the three masts of the vessel were plainly visible.- Men are now busily employed in repairing one of the ship's boats which was washed ashore, and as the diver hasarrived,itis intended to commence op erations to-morrow. The police have discovered two or three more plants of tobacco, including a very large one, consisting of 30 boxes, on Babbit Island, in Lake Bonney. Some of the cases were placed in the midst of reeds, from 18 inches to two feet under water. The remainder was perfectly dry. It is expected that the value will prove to be about £200. The police are still on the alert for wreckers, and are searching all the farmhouses and station huts around, as they be lieve there are still large quantities of goods unfound. The larger portion of the population are highly indignant that such a crime should have been committed in their district, and are assisting the police to the utmost, in bringing the offenders to justice. 'Haunted houses and ghost stories,' states the Kapuivda Herald of July 21, ' usually belong to old countries, and indeed the exercise of common sense has served to cause such super stitious fancies to- be exploded there. There has, however, unfortunately been prevalent in Kapunda for the last week or two a ghost story arising out of the malicious action of some person who no doubt conceives he is playing a brilliant part when he succeeds in frightening women or children. For some time past those whose business, &c;, has led them to pass by the dam after dark have been occasionally startled by the figure of a person enveloped in white passing within sight ; and as Mr. Richards ?was drowned some years ago at the dam this figure was soon set down as his ghost. Mrs. W. Tuckfield, amongst others, was greatly frightened by such an appearance early on Saturday evening as she was coming into the main street. When she was near the mill office the figure in white rose up out of the new culvert, crossed the road, and entered the plantation. This occurrence gave Mrs. Tuck field a very severe shock ; and in addition to those who have been frightened by seeing it, numbers of children have been greatly frightened by hearing exaggerated accounts of it. The police spent one or two nights in the neighborhood, watching this would-be-thought ghostly visitant; but we presume his ghost ship cannot bear to be near the gentlemen in blue. Practical joking of almost any kind is objectionable, but this is both senseless and highly dangerous.' Mr. W. A. Crouch has communicated to the Border Watch an interesting reminiscence regarding the wreck of the Verune, lost some nineteen years ago about the spot where the Geltwood now lies. The Verune went ashore under somewhat similar circumstances as the Geltwood, and shared the same fate — not one escaping to tell the dreadful tale of her loss. The Mount Burr public house was at that time kept by a Mr. Palmer. Then, as now, it was a little-frequented locality, and on a certain day about the time referred to the only persons about the premises were the landlord and his wife.. While standing outside the door Mr. Palmer distinctly heard the boom of a cannon fired apparently about the head of Lake Bonney. He called to his wife, remarking that something must be wrong on the coast. While they were speculating on the subject a second report was heard; and being now satisfied on the point he said he would ride over and see what was wrong. He started at once to get his horse from the paddock, and while returning with it he heard a third report. On getting back his wife remonstrated with him for pro posing to leave her unprotected in such a lonely place, and she was so urgent that at last he reluctantly gave up his intention of going to the beach, consoling himself with the reflec tion that the residents at Mayura or Lake Bonney Stations were sure to be aroused, and would do all that could be done to help those in distress. The days wore on, but about a fortnight afterwards a thrill of horror passed through the district when it was re ported that a large ship had been discovered wrecked opposite Lake Bonney and all on board had perished. It then transpired that neither at Lake Bonney nor at Mayura were the guns heard, and not till eight days after they were heard by Mr. Palmer was it known that she was wrecked, by which time all on board had met with a watery grave. It is conjectured that the hummocks near the shore bore the sound of the guns upwards from those residing on the flats, and breaking on Mount Burr it was distinctly heard, after travelling over 20 miles of the intervening country unheard. On Monday, July 24, a man named John Harty was found dead in a cellar near the Railway Station at Bowden. The deceased had evidently hanged himself. James Courtney, a lad about lo years of age, living in Currie-street, met with an acci dent on Monday, July 24. He was chopping wood on the premises of Mr. Rines, in Currie street, when the axe stuck in the wood, and on being pulled out, it fell on his left foot, cutting it in the instep. The wound is not serious, but the boy was admitted into the hospital. A fatal accident occurred on Monday morning onboard the ship Lightning at Port Ade laide. Frederick Reid, an ordinary seaman, was engaged in getting some coal from the hold when a tank, which was stowed on the top of the . coal, fell upon him and crushed him to death. An accident, caused by the explosion [of a gun, occurred at the Murray Bridge, on Sunday, July 23. John Clarke, a laborer, was lifting a gun out of a boat, when the hammer caught in the sail and the gun exploded, the shot going through the muscle of his left arm, below the elbow. The bleeding was stopped by Mr. Parker, and the man was sent to the Adelaide Hospital, where he was admitted early on Monday morning. It is stated in the Clare paper, of July 21, that 'on Friday evening last, as Mrs. T. Snashall, Donnybrook; was returning from Clare she was seized wi^h a paralytic stroke. She fell amongst some stone on the main road, and lay there the whole night in an unconscious state. She was found the following morning and con veyed home. On receiving medical attendance it was ascertained that she had broken some of the small bones of her leg near the ankle. We hear that she lies in a very precarious state.' The Reynella correspondent of the Southern Argus, writing on the 17th of July, says — 'The Rev. Mr. Barber, Congregational minister, Happy Valley, was thrown out of his conveyance on Saturday, and sustained two fractures in one of his legs. The other occu pants of the conveyance, including Mrs. Barber, had narrow escapes, and were much shaken, the horse having gone sheer over a fence, carrying the conveyance with it, neither of which was much damaged. . Not so Mr. Barber, who it appears is unfortunate, this being the second accident he has had.' About 9 o'clock on Saturday night, July 22, a fire broke out in the window of the shop recently erected for Mr. T. Wilcox, draper, Rundle-street. The flames from the gas with which the window was illuminated caught some light fringy material that hung in festoons between the burners. This soon began to burn rapidly, and threatened destruction to a large stock of valuable drapery that was in the window, as portions of the burning material began to fall upon the goods beneath. Fortu nately a couple of Mr. Wilcox's assistants who \ quickly perceived the danger boldy attacked the flames, and succeeded in extinguishing them in a very few minutes. A large crowd quickly collected, and the excitement for the time was great, as the danger was imminent. 'On Monday forenoon,' says the Ka punda Herald, ' a little girl named Annie Eliza Andrews, eleven months old, was acciden tally drowned at Mr. Prior's, near Button Gap. The child's mother was on a visit to Mr. Prior, and on the forenoon in question the child went -out of sight for a few minutes, and on being .looked for was found feet uppermost in a tub containing about four gallons of water* having apparently been reaching over the tub, when overbalancing herself she fell in, and was unable to get back. Unfortunately life was extinct wjien $h§ child was found.' The Gawler Bunyip of July 21 gives the following particulars of two accidents : — ' Mr. Ward, of Templers, working for Mr. Shanahan, had a narrow escape last Friday week. While returning home in a buggy the horse started suddenly, and threw him over the side, one of the wheels passing over bis head. He was at once brought to Gawler, ithd attended by Dr. Dawes. On examination it was found that the wheel had broken the left cheek-bone, and cut through both eyelids, besides gashing and bruising the face considerably. Mr. Ward was very unfortunate, as he had only just left the hospital before the accident happened. However, we are glad to hear he is progressing most favorably. — Mr. Fraser, living near Two Wells, met with an accident last Monday. He was driving a team, and one of the shaft horses kicked him on the right shin, just below the knee, inflicting a nasty cut across the leg, about two inches long, and reaching down to the bone. He is under Dr. Dawes's care, and progressing very favorably.' It is stated in the Nortliern Mail of July 21, that'amannamedFrancken Robson was brought into the Burra on Monday night in a dying state. He had been staying at Aberdeen for two or three weeks, and then went to Mr. Dare's, at Piltimiltiappa, where he was laid up with a severe cold for nearly a fortnight. Mr. G. W. Goodhardt, J.P., held a judicial enquiry, but did not deem an inquest necessary. Mr. McDonald, who brought deceased to Kooringa, said that when Robson arrived at Mr. Dare's he complained of being a little unwell, and laid down, thinking it nothing serious ; but on Mon day morning last he wished to be taken to the Burra, and Mr. Dare sent McDonald with a cart to take deceased to the township. They started at 8, and arrived in the Burra at 12 p.m., when the man was taken to the Burra Hotel. Dr. Dashwood was immediately in attendance, who said he could not do anything, as the man had been dying for hours. Robson died shortly after he had been examined by the doctor, the imme diate cause of death being bronchitis. He was an old colonist, having arrived with his friends in the ship Canton in April, 1838. We learn from Mr. Dobney, of Kooringa, who came to the colony in the same vessel, that deceased was a son of Captain R. M. Robson, formerly of the East India Company's Service, who some years ago resided at the Reedbeds, and afterwards held a situation under Government (in the Customs, he believes) at Port Adelaide. In order to give publicity to the matter, and that Robson's friends may identify him, we publish all the inf oi*mation that can be obtained.' The seeond of a series of noonday prayer meetings was held on Monday, July 24, in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall, undei the auspices of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance. The Rev. W. P. Wells presided. An entertainment was given by members of the Dayspring Lodge, I.O.G.T., at the Good Templars' Hall, Flinders-street, on Friday evening, July 21. The programme consisted of readings by Messrs. Lane and Robertson; recitations by Messrs. Jordan, Lang, and Hendry; and songs by Misses Tomlinson and Weller, and Mr. Plummer, all of which were well rendered. Mr. Hendry, W.C.T., presided. There was a large attendance. An entertainment in aid of the Norwood Baptist Church organ fund was given on Thursday evening, July 20. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. S. D. Glyde (Mayor of Kensington and Norwood) occupied the chair. The programme, which included organ solos and vocal music, was creditably carried out, Mr. T. H. Jones presiding at the organ, and the vocalists being Mrs. G. Harris, Miss Vandepeer, and Messrs. Bray and Shanks ; but the principal feature in the entertainment was the Rev. J. H. Lambert's interesting and instructive lecture, 'Number One, and what to make of it,' which was well received. The reports and annual statements of the directors of the Transatlantic Marine Insurance Company of Berlin, the General Marine In surance Company of Dresden, and the Saxonia Re-Insurance Company of Dresden, which carry on business on joint accounts, and whose com bined capital consists of about 15,000,000 marks, show that the companies are in a prosperous state. The shareholders aie congratulated on the progress of the companies' business. The Transatlantic Marine Insurance Company, as the managing company, increased the dividend from 12 per cent, in 1874 to 20 per cent, in 1875, in which year they issued 21,421 policies. The whole amount insured is 281,351,894 marks, and the premiums produced 2,020,493 marks. Messrs. G. Mumme & Co., of Greufell-street, are the company's agents in South Australia. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Smithfield Institute was held on Tuesday, July 20, Mr. J. Turner presiding. Mr. H. C. Bundle (the secretary) read the report and balance-sheet, which were adopted. It appeared that the receipts for the year had been £68 18s. 2d., and the expenditure £426s.4d., leav ing a balance in hand of £26 11s. lOd. One entertainment had been held, realising £6 18s. 3d. The library contains, including the books in the circulating box from Adelaide Institute, 387 volumes, 163 volumes having been purchased during the past year. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring officers for their past services ; and Mr. A. Adams was elected president; Mr. Wm. Smith, vice president ;™ Messrs.1 Hoole, Bald, Blake, and Moss were appointed committeemen ; and Mr. H. C. Rundle was re-elected hon. secretary and treasurer. Steps are to be taken to erect an Institute building as soon as possible. Large meetings have recently been held at Eudunda and Julia on the subject of the rabbit nuisance. At the meeting at Eudunda, according to the Kapunda paper, the burden of the cry of those present was that the existing law was inadequate to meet the purpose for which it was framed, and that in order to make it effectual it must be amended so as to render it compulsory on each owner of land to destroy the rabbits on his land, and on the Government to deal similarly with rabbit infested lands, the title to which was still vested in the Crown. Most of the speakers complained bitterly of the injury to crops and feed caused by the rabbits, and one farmer stated that within the last few years the damage done to his wheat by these pests had amounted to between £2,000 and £3,000. It certainly appears necessary that some more effective measures should be taken ^for the abolition of the nuisance.] A meeting of the shareholders of the Commercial Boot Factory Company was held in the Town Hall Exchange Room on Friday evening, July 21. There were 19 shareholders present, representing between 800 and 900 shares, and Mr. J. N. Perry (Chairman of Direc tors) presided. The Chairman explained that that was not the usual time of the year for holding a meeting, but the Directors had deemed it advisable to convene it to place the affairs of the company before the shareholders. When they went into office matters were on a very unsatisfactory basis, and they found it necessary to make a change in the directorate and management, because they were confident that no business in the world could be made to pay in the way in which that was at that time being conducted. They then put their shoulders to the wheel with a full determina tion to succeed, and, although they had had very uphill work, things had greatly improved. They thought it best, however, to have a balance-sheet made out, to enable the shareholders to see as far as possible the true position of the company. It would be seen on perusing the document, which had been prepared from very unsatisfactory data, that their liabilities were £1,771 4s. 6d., which included an overdraft of £396 7s. 3d. from the English and Scottish Bank. The assets amounted to £2,225 7s. 66L, leaving a balance of £454 3s. The assets included £450, which was put down as due on calls, but the directors be lieved that in reality from £700 to £800 were due from that source.. Then again they had only allowed £250 as the value of the working plant at the factory, while in the last balance sheet it was value* at over £700. The latter, however, was above its true marketable value.' If anything, the directors had put the matters in the darkest light. They had not included 3,000 shares which had not been called up. The affairs of the company had .been managed very badly before the present directors took office, but he felt confident that under the present management it would soon become a dividend- paying company. The dividend that was paid some time ago ought not to have been paid, as it had been taken out of the capital and not out of the profits, as it should have been. The company ought to have been j fully £1,000 better off that day instead of being just able to meet its liabilities, and nothing more. The directors' report was read, and during a long discussion which ensued, it was stated that it was impossible to get a thoroughly reliable balance-sheet from the books handed to the accountant, and that an acceptance had to be renewed at the time that the dividend pre viously referred to was paid. The report was adopted as a progress report. The present directors, secretary, and manager were heartily thanked for the manner in which they had con ducted the business of the company, and the shareholders present promised to support them. Great dissatisfaction was expressed at the manner in which Mr. S. B. Saunders had ful filled his duties while chairman of the directors. As Mr. Saunders could not be present, in conse quence of it being the Jewish Sabbath, the pro ceedings were adjourned, aud it was decided that he should be asked to attend the adjourned meeting and give an explanation as to his con duct. The terms in which Mr. Saunders was spoken of were far from complimentary, one shareholder remarking that ' he had evidently been gulling them and feathering -his own nest.' The meeting lasted about two hours. j We are informed that 16,000 copies of the July number of the Illustrated Adelaide News have been sold, and that the publishers still anticipate a large sale. We have received from Messrs. Hen riques, publishers, of Melbourne, 'Centaur's Index, for 1876, ' containing ped igrees and per formances of horses engaged to run for the ' Hawkesbury Handicap, Sydney Metropolitan, j Melbourne Cup, and Champion Stakes. This is a most useful little book of reference, to any . persons interested in the colonial turf. I We have had an opportunity of examin- i ing a very complete system of electric-bell , communication which Mr. Lindrum has re- ' cently introduced in the Clarence Hotel, King . William- street. There is a battery on the pre mises, and the wires are laid on to the various rooms. Upon a knob being pressed in any of ' these apartments, the dining-room for example, I the servant in attendance in the hall is enabled ! to see by an indicator from which room she is signalled. Mr. Lindrum intends to establish such means of communication in every room on ? he upper floors, and also to have electric bells on some of the doors on the ground floor. In addition to the electric signal apparatus there are pneumatic bells in various rooms, some of which may be rung so as to produce a con tinuous sound, while others only produce one distinct and brief note. The pneumatic bell in the servants' room is a most formidable alarm; the noise it produces being simply awful. It is intended to rouse the servants in the morn ing, the air tube leading into Mr. Lindrum's room on the second floor, and we should think it would never fail to accomplish its object. There is no doubt that we have in the colony a large amount of artistic talent. The paintings and drawings of Colonel Biggs, Messrs. Minchin, Stone, Savill, Hood, Ferneley,McCor inac, Richardson, Bircher, and others show the artists to be men who can handle the brush and pencil with good effect. We have also recently seen some gems of art from the hand of Mr. Johnson, of Melbourne, painted during a visit to Adelaide. We are glad to know that the value of such paintings is appreciated by many of our citizens, and that they do not object to pay a good price for a picture that is worth it. We see from time to time in shop windows fresh productions of local talent, which seem to indicate that the study of the fine arts is likely to receive an impetus in the colony. One artist excels in landscape, another in animal painting, | a third in depicting the human face divine, a fourth in sea views, a fifth in caricature. We have several of the latter class amongst us, but they, are for the most part little known beyond the circle of their own immediate acquaintances, excepting those gentlemen who so cleverly embellish the comic weeklies, with their frequently pungent satirical cartoons. A good caricaturist is a genius, nascitur non Jit, and we have met with a few such in the course of our ex perience. There are some in the colony, and their productions are well worth inspection. We have just inspected the pocket sketchbook of one of these gentlemen, Mr. A. S. Broad, who has a keen sense of the ludicrous, and great talent in depicting the human face and figure, either in forms of symmetrical beauty or in the grotesqueness of caricature. We are not aware that Mr. Broad has ever shown any oi his comic sketches in public, but if he were to enlarge them for exhibition they would certainly attract attention. While this is his forte, he has no mean skill in landscape painting, both in oils and water colors. Some of his pictures may be seen at Mr. Culley's establish ment in Flinders-street. There are two views of the Bay Creek or ' Patawalunga River,' in water colors, the sunset scene being especially good. A copy in oils of an old Dutch painting, representing an artist taking a lady's likeness, and a little gem in water colors showing a pretty little nook in the Waterfall Gully. We have not space to describe them more par ticularly, but they are well worth inspection. We have received a copy of the four teenth report of the Adelaide Female Reforma tory for the year 1875. The document states that ' the Reformatory has received during the year ten inmates ; there have been also two or three others who had come under the influence of the committee without entering the house, who have been assisted in the best way, by help ing them to help themselves. 'It is found, usually, only the young who respond in any measure to the efforts which are made to bring the reformees back to virtuous and happy lives. Those wretched women who have been convicted again and again, addicted to drink, ashamed of going to their friends, and without any settled home,1 seem almost incapable of adapting themselves to any regular and orderly life, or the ordinary work of domestic service. The prison is regulary visited, two members of the committee going each week ; and it is hoped that the influence thus acquired on those who are induced to enter the institution, as well as on others who do not, may be blessed by the restoration of some of both classes to paths of virtue and happiness. It may be interesting to know that during the existence of the Re formatory 125 women have found shelter in the house, and have been helped on their way ; and, though now widely scattered, and in many in stances lost sight of, there are some who are still kept in view, and many known to be, in a moral point of view, completely reclaimed. The receipts by subscriptions do not appear at all commensurate with what might be expected from the general progress of the colony. It is found that whereas in 1865 the subscriptions amounted to £99 12s., in 1874 they only realised £75 16s. The committee hope, by diligent can vassing, to report a more favorable account in this respect another year.' The management of the institution is in the hands of a com mittee, consisting of the following ladies: — Mesdames John Colton (President), W. Storrie (Acting Treasurer), F. W. Cox (Hon. Secretary), A. Cumming, G. Fowler, Lyall, Russell, R. Stuckey, Searle, and Steele. 