THE GREAT POLICY AND THE LAND QUESTION. TO THE EDITOR. I am, Sir, &c.;, GLOOMDREF. Eden Valley, May 2. Sir-Would it not be as well, now the Par-<*> liamentary recess will stretch almost through this month, to stave off the assembling of Par-<*> liament altogether by some kind of political conjuring indefinitely, and allow the bewilier- Ingly grand sad progressive policy to folly develop itself in a comfortable and undisturbed reoess of prolonged length, and as the Ministry la the concentrated wisdom, ability, taut, and talent of a Legislature of more titan mediocre merit, the Ministry oan carry oat its own policy, the country will see the ministry jutly dealt by aa regards supplies. Now for a Northern ntiway to reach 300 miles abovs Pott August*. The Imminent want of this railway was seen lately. It Is a piece of flagrant political injustice withholding this railway. Now, if there be not something wondrouily comet-like about the "grandand progressive," let this Port Augusta and Far North Railway be undertaken forthwith; in faot, I am ao dazzled by the grand and pro gressive tone of the policy, the expositors thereof team to me like Jupiter and his satel lites ; and, pardon me, Shade of Galileo, the policy seemeth to me like the Milky Way. there Is something so starry and ethereal about it, so pst-Hks and lovable. Heavens! I won der what the universe will think about it. I trust it will not fixs ?ff in meteoric coruscations into nothingness. Pro phetic eoul of Hamlet; there is so much of the excelsior, skysoraping, and highflying ring ana tone about it. Oh, ye statesmen, shades of many nations, join me in wishing fall de> velopment and sueceas to it Ghost of Am pblotyon, return to this sublunary stage, and witnwu mi apotheosis of Grand and Progressive IO Pean, Hallelujah, God auve the Queen, or anything else to express rapturous emotion in any living or dead language. Hurrah for statesmanlike conceptions and "ficwposaible Government." Mr. Editor, if it will please you I have a new idea or two beside the above, and perhaps if you approve of them in their practical bearings you will remmmend them to the public:—First, namely, a different plan of letting the pastoral Grown land*. There are many runs in the Nerth and south of the Blinman consisting of first-rate gncing land no w in the hands of overweening, over wealthy, anfffcbsentee squatters. Think yon, Sir, that South Australia is benefited by one man owning i and selling 60,000 acres of land, and pocketing' cash 300 or 400 percent, to spend elsewhere ? .Now, one of those runs consisting of some hundreds of equate miles, if it were sur veyed into smaller leaseholds of 5, JO, or 20 square mile blocks, there ate hundreds of people in the criony able and willing to take them from the Government, and pay the Government ten times the rent it received from the squatters fertile "peoples' grass." Now, Sir, I say emphatically that the country is fully ripe for such a disposition of the nearer Northern runs as this; yes, and the ountry Is languishing for the want of it. There are hundreds of settlers in the country, half agricultural and half pastoral, stultified by this want. It will pay better to send worf to Burope than wheat, and this is just the Pasto r*l Land*' scheme to prodaoe cheap beef and mutton for our people o! Adelaide and other towns of South Australia. This scheme, Sir, would result in great good to hundreds of small stockholders or squatters; the revenue from those lands would be increased twentyfold. There are hundreds of "cockatoos" within 45 miles of Adelaide who see paying 3* and 4m. per acre for land (in North Shine, South Shine, and in Fiaxman's Valley, and other places) for graz ing only. What would the bloated squatters think if they had to pay the Government the 36th or 48th parts of sheae grass rents ? There would be a bowl of distress from the squatter •oraoy sufficient to rend the " NorthOoontiie." 2nd. To avoid playing into the hands of land monopolists ultimately, a man ought to be ailowad to take up three sqaare miles, say 2 600 ??res, at £1 or 20s. per acre, then'we should have a good middle class of people here by-and-by. The three and four 80-acre section men will sell cut eventually to larger holders, in fact they will create a f atare class of land monopolists. An area of 2,060 acres would enable a man to keep a flock of sheep, and a small herd of cattle or horses. This is &U; ai obvious as sunshine. It would require the area of a' continent or two to enable our nomadic farmers to carry on their shifting system of working the land, unless they happily fiod cut some more successful *ystem of treating the land. But this cannot be; therefore the man of capita), like scavengers, will take up their impoverished land, and keep it, or let It for grazing until the land recovers its tone, when they will very likely retail it again, and ctear thereby three or four hundred per cent. Thus I have shown how our pastoral Grown lands can be utilised twenty-fold. This will apply to all lands south of the Blinman, acd even to lands lying as far north as Umberatana (remember how the agricultural area scheme was disbelieved in when first framed). Why sbau'd very coaiihy men have the sole use and monopoly of those lands? Give smaller caritalista the opportunity to clear a few tbou sands of pounds. Every wealthy sbeeptnaster,' fenced In up to hb eyec, la an incubus on the faro of the country. He 1b little better than a oaekatoo (a good Agricultural farmer), as an employer of labor. He pays a mere pittance to the revenue, and •omettmes be makes himself wings and takes himself off to other lands to spend his money, only looking to South Australia occasionally for her gaaerons sap plies of the ever-welcome cash. I will show yon. Sir, how to make a good boy of the ab sentee, and core him of his habit of showing as his back. First, an Aot should be framed, ren dering it legal for the Government or colony of South Australia to seixs for the uses of the j colony 15 per cent of each permanent ab-: fcentee'a Income. The exaot amount of bis j income oould be made aeoertalaable by offioers j appointed under the above mentioned Aot, which might be denominated the Abseeatees* Act The above- mentioned uses should be construed to mean South Australian reproaao | tire works, saeh as railways, telegraphs, fee. To finish nf> with, as we hare some nice fat and bloated land proprietors—large, very Urge ones—all should be oonapelled by the law of the land to pay to the revenue, for puMlo use*, twopence pet acre for every and each acre they possess over 2,000 acres, which last number of acres should be the maximum number of acres to constitute a sufficient South Australian yeoman. 