^jsSjsh and FOREIGN I ILON0ON LETTER. Londok, July 26. ie t}!e capital of Turkey ? ' asks a lady i,nnl 'Please, 'm, it ain't got none,' i»a. 60 bright girl ; 'it's bankrupY' True, KP1** quite true ; but if Turkey has no , _0u can't deny that she has plenty of capitai,. even in England. The presence ^ fleet in Besika Bay was taken by all of.°ur . (rrpat mark of interest, until Lord bv 3 sensible speech, showed t'it meant nothing, and that the Strnment had no idea at alL ^ of ?Z the recess for plunging the country into Still the upper ten thousand are cre ated with feeling strong sympathy with ir kev and there is even a rumour that rlonel Baker, whose year of imprisonment for railway assault is nearly expired, is about \+ offer bis sword to the l urks, and is bearing letters of commendation from royal personages tue Duke of Cambridge and the Duke o£ Edinburgh. This 'gallant' .officer's aid will hardly be wanted by ^ Sultan, firstly, because the said Sultan appears to be much depressed and even desire to abdicate, and partly because the Brians seem already to be almost at the end flf tbeir resources. J ' It is extremely difficult to find the grain of troth ia the bushels of lies that reach us from the seat of war, a sufficient example of which is that, according to official accounts uhlithed at Constantinople, the Servians killed and wounded in the first week were as Bianr as 816 contained in the entire Servian ?anny- Nevertheless the telegrams from Bel grade are very gloomy ; and as the people at the outset turned out en masse against the hated Turks, there iB now no landtcehr to call upon. One of the Berlin papers says that the only flolution will be a federation of Christian States under the care of Austria, while to-day's ?news is to the effect that Prince Milan would welcome the mediation of Great Britain. ££ intervention of any kind were attempted if. would be with a view to check the frightful atrocities committed by the Bashi-Bazouks, or irregular Turkish troops, upon the peaceable Christians of Bulgaria. We have been horrified by stories of scores of girls violated and burnt alive in haylofts, and repeated Questions have been put in Parliament with the object of ascertaining whether there was Jiaeis for the stories, or they were pure inven tions. Mr. Disraeli has answered these ques tions with a flippancy and hardness which Love been deeply resented, and his replies liave made it clear that the Government ?were glad of any information which made ?against the Christians, and did not desire what oiade in their favour. Still the despatches of Sir H. Eliot practically conceded that there had bec-n great outrages, and that the Porte was about to send a commissioner to repress them. Some fifteen or sixteen Bashi-Bazouks have been hanged — or, as Mark Twain would delicately put it, have received fatal injuries while witnessing a series of executions— and there the matter may end, unless an 'indignation meeting, called for to-morrow afternoon, at Willis's Rooms, arouse the flame and demand new victims. Certainly Disraeli will hot be appealed to again ; he is not likely to have as keen a sense of the sorrows of ?Christians as others who do not share his Jewish blood. And generally it is remarked that he is coming to be disliked far more vehemently than ever before. In years gone fey he used to be idolised by his party and admired by his opponents, who forgave for his Epigrams an insincerity which at heart they ?disapproved. His influence has now waned very considerably, and, as he grows older, it will soon be like the authority which _ ' forsakes a dying king, Lail widowed of the power in his eye.' To the education debates, which have added neat to this fervid July, he has given no con tribution. The battle has lain between Lord andon, backed by Mr. Hardy and the Chan cellor of the Exchequer, on the one side ; and r. Bright, Mr, Forster, and men like undella and Fawcett on the other. Vjj 8ee^Qe^ to be going well, and the waa committee, assured of an easy pas ^ge. Then all of a sudden we found that a ®ote of alarm had been sounded, and, looking 0 see what had happened, found that the quietly introduced a clause ic dealt a tremendous blow to the Educa wnActof 1870. I will not go into details, wh' if ^ enou£k to say that the terms on c the Government grant was made were 0 ar altered, that it became possible for a . Ifa'11 if'' ^d denominational school to dispense ?. ® er with local subscriptions and support , .upon the children's fees and the grant, b ^hv*1 e®ec' ^beBe schools would be kept up confrli m^ney and yet remain under private a - restricted only by the poor pretence of Mcience clause. And now comes a second j in» f Proceeding, to wit a clause provid wHl °t u ^^^tion of school boards at the 0 . e local authority which Sailed them school*1^1106' covers a strong dislike to sank on the part of the clergy and plain 5* » 'which Sir Stafford Northcote w y avowed last night, as though, they ?rpj, nec®86ary evils, and to be got rid of v?r possible, The Liberals $re at last thoroughly aroused, and Mr, Bright has made some fiery appeals ; . but how can one stir up the country at a time .like this, when everyone who can get away is flying from the heat of London and the towns to such cool as may be found at the seaside or among the mountains. For this present season is unprecedented within the last few days. I have seen a lady from St. Kitt's, a gentleman from Cape Town, aud a retired civilian from India, and they ali said they had never experienced such oppres sion and discomfort abroad. For nearlv a month we have been accustomed to a shade temperature up amoug the eighties, reaching to a maximum at Nottingham of 96-, and in London of over 90*. This with a still, reeking air was almost as much as flesh and blood could bear, and if it had gone on much longer we should have been driven to cast aside tall hats and broadcloth and go in for tropical attire. Indeed the wish was expressed that the Prince of Wales would appear at his garden parties, at Chifrwick, in some of the dresses he wore when in India, and so set an example which Englishmen always want before they dare to do anything out of the approved groove. The S/j eciator went so far as to speculate on the change which six months of this weather would produce, how it would revolutionise our domestic architecture, and our hours of rising and gping to bed, leading the laziest to turn out at 4 a m., and fashionable fialls to be paid before breakfast. At last the retributive storm came. My friends had had their garden parties at the end of last week, and had found out how easy and delightful a way this is of entertaining any number of friends. A day later and there was no garden for a party to be held in. On Sunday evening a hail and thunder storm burst over the North of London, and made its focus identical with the site of this house. In three minutes the north and west sides had not a pane of glass unbroken ; in fact the place looked as if it had been in Chancery for thirty years. The vineries were completely wrecked ; in the kitchen-garden and orchard the hardiest fruits were riddled as though with grape-shot, while the flower-garden was reduced to a scene of desolation as if a flock of sheep had been driven over it. I, myself, came in for the storm in its full violence. As I was walk ing out of town along the Southgate Road, I met thousands of holiday-makers who had been tempted out by the brilliant afternoon, and were clad in liglit summer dresses without a ghost of protection in the shape of umbrella or cloak. They were hurrying in evident fear of gathering clouds ? and at last the pace grew to a run, and there ay as a regular stampede. The crowd was flying past me, when after a momentary lull a fierce gust swept down the road raising a column of dust that prevented me from seeing' two yards ahead. Then down came the hail, in masses weighing over a quarter of an ounce and as big as small walnuts. I managed to protect my face from being cut open by these sharp masses of ice, and slowly fought my way until I reached cover, drenched from head to foot, but not thinking of myself so much as of the hundreds who would take that night, deadly chills, and lay in themselves the seeds of irre parable disease. This is the season for the scientific world to make hay as well as the farmer. The British Association is about to hold its gathering at Glasgow; but previous to this, the French Association, which was formed a few years ago on much the same model, is to meet at Clermont Ferrand, a capital centre, in the Puy du Dome district, where the only regret will be that the volcanoes are extinct and cannot be set playing, like the fountains at Versailles, for the amusement of the men of science. A pilgrimage to Clermont will, anyway, be worth a dozen to Lourdes, and several of our English savans are proposing to join their French brethren. All the indignation of which our physicists and physicians are capable is being directed against Lord Car narvon's Vivisection Bill. There are hundreds of excellent but inconsistent people who have no objection to open oysters and boil lobsters aLrfe, but are wild with wrath against the men like Bardon Sanderson or Ferrier, who experiment upon live animals in the interest of science. Punch epitomises the whole strug gle in his cartoon to-day, where Tenniel gives us an assembly of medical men around a table on which are seen a bottle of chloroform and a comfortable, but sleepy looking, frog. The operating professor says : ' By this experiment we have ascertained that we can alleviate the sufferings of thou sands of our fellow creatures. I may further add ' ? . Here a policeman bursts in — 'No you mayn't. We've had enough of this sort of thing. You must move on.' Replies the Professor caustically : — ' Move on ? We can't move on if you interfere.' There are several little signs of the ' moving on ' of science, as sure as of the tide, which may claim a word. The results of the Challenger expedition are laid before the world by Sir Wyville Thomson, F.R.S., LL.D., in two handsome volumes, well illustrated by coloured maps, &c.;, under the title, 'The Atlantic.' The explorations of Captain Moresby in New Guinea and Polynesia in the Basilisk are noticed in the new number of the Edinburgh Revieiv. After Captain. Laww-a'§ book, which is ' one of the most daring romances of travel ever concocted,' this is 'a real honest account,' and receives warm commendation. Another book of scientific interest is Alfred Russell Wallace's ' Geographical Distribution of Animals,' 2 vols., medium 8ve., published at 2 guineas, by Macmillan. He points out in a very interesting way how, in an isolated place like Madeira, the European insects have wings either larger and stronger than the same specieB in Europe, or not strong enough. Ihe meaning of this is plain, for. the insects may obtain a victory over the destroying ten dency of the wind, either by avoiding all struggle with it or by struggling victoriously. He also shows that the nightingales cross the Mediterranean by three routes alone, viz., at Gibraltar, at Sicily, and Malta, and by Greece and Crete. Now, each of these routes is over shallow water, that not long ago, speaking geologically, were tracts of dry land ; whence the author infers that the sea levels have been altered since the birds began to migrate, and that the traditional routes are maintained, despite changes from age to age. Before leav ing the domain of science, let me record that Gessi, one of Colonel Gordon's people, has cir cumnavigated the Albert Nyanza in nine days, finding it 140 miles long by 50 broad. No river which is not dry in the dry season enters the lake. The southern end is shallow, and Gessi thinks there may be a chain of lakes or marshes between it and' Tanganyika, ' as the ridg« of mountains on the west coast does not join those on the east coast of the lake.' The Prince of Wales' Indian visit is pro ducing the ordinary shoal of books by ' Our own Correspondent.' The Daily Telegraph representative is first in the field with a book absurdly called ' From Pall Mall to the Punjaub,' and full of mistakes; and next comes Wheeler's India in 1875-6, where tall writing is indulged to a precipitous extent, and we are informed that S. Thomas Aquinas was martyred in India. M, Swinburne has pro duced a new tragedy, ' Erectheus ' by name ; and it is said that the proprietors of the 'Times intend. to publish a weekly summary of events at a penny. The last number of ISaiurc has a letter by Alfred llowitt, of Bairn scale, Gippsland, on the boomerang, where we have his observations during twenty years of the properties of the boomerang proper, and of the tootgundy wunkum, or the boomerang that won't come back, but goes straight on. The Fortnightly has a long paper by Sir David Wedderburn on English Liberal ism and Australasian Democracy, in which he compares the two in respect of education, free trade, &c.; The political sin of the latter he considers to be extravagance, but their undoubted happiness he lays down to the successful working of local selfgovern ment. Of the colonial Press, he 6ays that the leading papers may take rank with the high class journals of England, and that he does ' not know any American newspaper which can be favourably compared with the Mel bourne Argus and the Sydney Morning Herald .' A report has been going about that Miss Thompson, the painter of the Roll Call, had turned Roman Catholic, and would confine her self to sacred subjects. It appears, however, that she always has been a Roman Catholic, and is now engaged on a picture pf the Battle of Inkermann, she evidently knowing how to work a good vein when she has found one. Museums seem in request ; concurrently with the project of a colonial museum, we have a scheme for one of physical science at South Kensington, for scientific apparatus and appliances and chemical appli ances. At Kew Gardens Mr. Jodrell has given £1500 for establishing a laboratory of physi ological, chemical, and microscopical research. The opening services of the Rev. Newman Hall's new church in the Westminster Road are not a success, so far as attendance goes. He thought to have a month of services by eminent ministers, and to have a refined edition of Moody's campaign ; but the people would not come, and he is still £6000 short, the church having cost £60,000. The Balham mystery I beg to leave to those who have the patience to read four or five columns daily of evidence about a Malvern doctor, the effects of antimony in the form of tartar emetic, and the feelings of Mr. and Mrs. Bravo towards one another. As Tom Hood wrote : — ' Twelve men they sat upon his corpse To find out why he died but it is not at all clear in this case that they will be able to say how the poison came into the body of the young barrister. 