THE ™b*» DBBAefS. Wmffl people talk of drams Mid portmto, I ahvays think of that iHghl, when, areknig bom dumber. I hid my face in my hands in e. much ma of darkness u though I tad been ? AM who feared ghosts, and sancM one in nay corner. I bad gone to deep, se usual, after a verv nlwaaant evening I bad cone to sleeo tbkdriog of Chides .- my Chan*, who n am; Iran hat, between whom and inyadf the water «Bad, but Com whom I had received that day sdieerfiilletler— promising en early retnrnto Hotfnng baa happened Oat day that mi not fbaiata. H; mum CUrw, jot returned bom Europe, bad ban to M me, and bad btMght me some little presents, A ami, with the head oTsl -vailed mm cat it, in intaglio, and a pretty jet set, earrings ami pin. W«bad mnir. son pleassnt talk. I liariaaUen asleep like a baby, aod yet. this ? the dream that came tome, and that aroused ?as fan my dumber, m a concjiton vms Iban ?ay to which mm phyaiosl psm eooJd haTe rednaBdrae. I thought that I bad ratted joat as I aetaaOy had. I remembered ?here I plaoed the orna mrtll -ore. Into what small bows I pot 'Hie nboon (nun my hair j too scarf Crow my neck; just where I hung my adk enanc dress, and tne wrapper that I took oat tor morning mar. Itwu all u natural at passible, only tint n Joy dream I bad found my white wrapper with Hack ruffles sad bottom, and bad wondered at it. Then it aaamad to me that instead of the dock strike slowly, one, two, three, bar, fin, six, amen, eight, nine, ten, ekim, twelve. Andbadaaid to myself. 'It is a- alow as a funeral hen.' And trim I had seen the door of my loom open slowly. Kot the door into the doorwbiin^'^yi^CSL^™1'* «m» a ftmP t oid. Tbmwa.no 'WioJBthereriaiedagiin. Ho mad wee spoke in reply but now I eaw m figure, tau, dander and oreped in Mack, standing betwam tbe batf-opes doors. Hi feoe ana vailed, but one of its bands wu uncovered, and wssvery whitej the other wa- hidden in the folds rf Die drapery which it held up against Hi bosom. 111 dmnt ft1* t* *j»w[inanTipi jjrfwtwi Jo got surprise m. I wu not startled by the pnaeoOB ot this atzani^ figure bnt metdy emiooe oonoenmf jts Anno, ' Whydo you come eolstef' I asked. There was no reply. ?I expected you tint morning,' I and, and zben * tenor bean to creep onr me. 'Too wear Mack,' said I. 'Yon wore whna last timer and tben -b- figure am a» exhibited a letter, which be held oat tomrdi me. 'A lettar,'Icrie-i 'let me see it.' And then the thing advanced trailing it. black rolm 0ni* tbe Catruot. tuia dropped tbo letter into my bands. It bad a black border, and a black seal with death's head os it I gam a tamos, «robs, aunt, fli, a «H dew on my forehead, and a horror for wfauh then* axe no words at my heart. Of eonne.it is easy to laugh at meuaooward, bnt o» who has euftered this eort of agony win know that it u mcnniid wb9e it beta Can any owwf aort of fcorror. I smnered thus ontQ moraine Ae I had good health, a fine oonstitotion, and ns aopantilioiia, Ihe osybght soon drove away my horror. I spent the morning with OaraMs, who was a nghtnearted creature, and I was c«re fol not to apeak or my dream. I deaired to bamsh it altogether tcoai my thooghu. I beBend that I haddona -o when another ptfttrr* evening dosed. But eearDBly bad I dropped sdeep when again the eliding doon rolled back, again the Tefled ha appeared between them, again ite letter was presented. aSn» time, hmranr, r did: not cake ft. ?? Who u this fan V I asked. 3he figure only ahook fla bead. 'It may not be for toe,' I cried. 'Oh! ueihape it is not lor me.' S&eSgam; turned the letter oter and showed me own name and nddnas wntten acroai the 'aimitine.flien,- I ecrumed. ~I«t me know the wont,' Bet the TeBad woman had enatehad ft from meend hidden it in tor booom, and again I beard the dock strike one, two, ttroe. fcor, five, aix, amn, «ght, nine, tan, damn, twelve, like a nmersl knelL SCt pale ficcs and ^uxSttotK manosr natttxally provoked onaatioin next morning. I should have been more than womanhad Ikapt my dretm iamyMlf. Ofeonraelwas hsghedat for ay terror, but m fcmdly tint I wms not amirj. -Bigbta»reaIir.j.«VBSOneabU-Aa-esai,' saidOsriM-s hnsbini 'I dramt onoe that I was hang by a black man with a Hack rone one, gallows, after too much mince pie; and I expect to.' 'And DM is never warned at feoubW said Oarnaa. 'It always comes moat naexpeetcdl;.*' And again I jraw more like myadf, and again alept, with bo imtirapstMri at nrdajamiag srr Bnt it came wHh redoubled terrors. Burtms time when the vdvad terra had held oat the letter, and I bad asid to her, -Perhaps it may aot before me, and on it I hadaan written xhms mrns the meat terrible to me of any that \- - cnald have been anillui Ogams n DUD. 71 The monimg fensd me too 31 to nt, and \ Clliiaw eel at my aide, trying to comfort me, ^ ar^aosxiocaM to drink acme tea, her nnuulinK iiainnm *r«n asrvens jttaofa. SbebmedS -? ?aan^-*agaidan-la«Iwa«aaBannone. «H»reMno«nedicii», that I know of, for baviog been fnghtened to death f I aail, trying toiangh. '1 tfaiok there in ihe homeopathic,' she had answered. ' If not, it n the only thing BotlcooM not protend to be fignthearted any longer. 'Ob,Oariaie,'Ieaia, 'lam aare Charlie ib in aome gnat traoUe— that he is very fll— that I am to be a widow,—' 'Oh dont be «%!' uried Oariaau 'I—' but the panaea. a. loud rinrsaunded through tbe bonee. 'VTbat is that P' I cried « Only the beU,' she aaid. ' It is tile postman r aaid I, hidini my bead. ! «Terr£«ely,v«sd ese. 'Be often eom-a here, does he not r Then we heard Ceet eaBendinc the stain— aome ''ine sliding doorsm^d!* Maggie, the black cook, throat her bead in at a amau aperture. ?' IGasmi better!' amid afae. lafaooknyhud. 'Mignry aorry,- said Maggie. 'Shan't I main aome toast for tokos?—' I abooknrr beard again. Haggle panned. ' *TiaHM,'esi-l slowly, 'dar*« a letter come foryoo. It's mighty cmru—mbeo. mwn-t get akeered, h?a get a Uack border.* S116 fliw D0T V**'* frmn Dnund dbp ftoo bdo andfthad^acktordiaoiniwide. Isaw my tiatiw wiuIbii ?cmmB ri^ jtnt u I bad scon it in toy dram* ' Oh, Oariat !' I cried ; «? it hsi come tme— my rinon fax come true— Onta is dead.' Tbao I fainted. Whenleametomysetfl was sdmud wits Cologne water, and as ffl « I have ever had the mUfortnne to be in my life ; bnt I ktRwOarian wouJd not csll on ' yon BtUe fool,' if the letter bad been what I believe it to be, lor she held it open in her hand. In a Caw minutes I managed to rod it fw myself : these wan its contents: — ' Bhins and Co., dealer* iuuarmng ponds, beg to call tbe attention of iflaa generally to their exceedingly fine slot* wFnaek goods, in which may be found material suitable for Udiea not in mourning, who dame a perftet Hack.' At that moment I would have eomigned BrriueandOo, if not to tbe tomb, certainly to the Tomhe ehearmlly, and wttboot nmorae. They bad nearly killed me. Of course Cbadie same borne aafe and aotrad, andjofconrsclfelt ashamed of myadf; bat I mstft upon it that it wu a frightful dream. For the benefit of those who dream dreams and see vinous, I wfll explain ita occurrence. It b very ahnpie. Ton can always explain a dream, by TCCsSing every event of the preeeding day. Ibat I should have dreamed of a letter was oatnnl,atatiiBe when I was living upon letters from my eheent hnaband. Die two gifts that Chunea had brought me were, if yon remember, seat of jet ornamente and an intaglio eeaL The jet gsvetheoobnr of the letter, the seal a, siggtataon. The bean engraved upon tbe letter was veBed, thence the veiled nee «T the woman. The words I had spoken to figure: ' Wby do yon come so late?' and 'I expected yon tins morning,' I had him 09 the shoulder with the manage that the hotel derk wished to apeak wilh him. Besom ing back with the thought that he was to bear something respecting hn hist game, he wu met wiH, a blind entOe fry the derk, who re marked — » I blieve you forgot (his little UO.' 'litriebffl! What little bfll?' 33» derk ueamled a paper bearing the pie tnrial npreatatioQ of ihe uemont, and beneath . . * ,t * wlucn was tlie cnarge : Stephen Orabem, Eaq. To Proprietors Treraont Home. Dr. lodging ... ._ ? _ $1 00 'Bo yon mean to aay that yon intend diarg tng me a dollar for my man's sitting up in a chair here all night P' said the officer of the law, red and irritated. ' Can't tdl how he passed the night ; all that I knovr is that we save him lodging, and one doUar-aoor price,' replied the derk icily. ' Say, Ctasrley.iave yon seen my old boob T asked a. gentleman at this joneture, who appeared to be aeddentallv t**'*™'^ «*«? u Fva niiaaiil 'em from my room. I hope eome one has kept an eye on 'em, for I would ratbergive a dollar than ion 'em.' 'All right, the boofais safe ;eure didn't thij ginUeman sit by 'em all nutht,' answered the grimung waiter, ae the 6heriff turned around. 'AhiGrabem, good morning — mnchobbged to yon— here, let ae pay this lodging bo], for I prusetiieseboota,' aaid Jim Pinei, as he took the alip of paper from &e; SteafTa hands, who atood staring at him. 'lie. Pine*, I give it Dp. I'm eaohred,' aaid tbe officer, 'and that's the first pair of boots I ever knew that helped a manto runaway without his being in 'em.' ' Ah,* eaid Jim, ** there's nothing like leather when tbere'e bosineai afoot.' — Bottm — Com- otrdol BmiMi*. SunOS at &a; 8Blsiz»K.-*Tbe following is an exftaet from one of Josh Biumg'e letters written at the seaside. Heeeys: — 'Thareiiax little nonanue here generally as the osme num ber ov raiton an capable ev. Femsfls pre dominate here, as everywhere else tins season. It iz oerfekly harto-renting tow ace the nmaus here in eeareh of natural protektors. Ikounted sixteen yesterday in one pile ; they all sighed az I passed by them, and with down east^eyw. I Jett tarry for tbem, bnt conloVe help them, for I am ttmrrowly marrid, and intend to remane ao.' Oteami«ementoarecrshbingmBdtalhmg. Of the first Mr. BOlingi observes:- » Yorterdsy iTfentoutbibbuieaiidfaaBbedapeokofthem; they bite aidewaye, and hang on like a dead hoaHtee ; they make good vntols month, but they ain't snftiaUe tear eat, if yon kount your W worth turrthinf,'' AatetolwanBgr-Itst lttXTOOos,aod the bathers resemble mermadei, half man and half vma; they snrl dnwas in Che tfclLaM fcoatoom; and when faaj iam«a,i from the water ye kant toll wtwh ii who, unless ye ask them.' 