Wt)t Sfcqjuntta Heraltj, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1876. THE BABBIT NUISANCE. Many of the members of our Legislature ridicule the idea of legislation on (to them) such an unimportant subject as the rapid in crease of rabbits in various parts of the colony. That they do so is a sure and cer tain sign of their ignorance of the real im portance of the subject. We wish those whose bliss in this matter arises from igno rance had been present at the Eudunda meeting on Monday last. Not that the meeting had in itself anything to make it specially noteworthy. On the contrary, looked at simply as a meeting, it might with justice have been urged against it that it was far from being in accord with the rules by which well-conducted meetings are governed. The Chairman, to begin with, was evidently unused to, though flattered by, being elected to such a position. The result was that so far from his conducting the business of the meeting, he allowed half a dozen persons at intervals to do this in opposite directions. Then again it might have offended the ears of the fastidious to have heard half a dozen or more speakers holding forth at tbe same time, or to have listened to the constant in terruptions to which the speakers were sub jected. But despite all these drawbacks, there was an impress of earnestness in the proceedings which must have convinced the impartial onlooker that whether the speakers were fluent or not, or whether or not the form in which the proceedings were con ducted would altogether have come up to the standard set up in the " Chairman's Guide," those present, at all events, were practically acquainted with the subject under discussion, and acutely felt the evils resalting from the depredations of the rabbits. The burden of the cry of those present was that the existing law is inadequate to the purpose for which it was framed, and that in order to make it effectual it must be amended so as to render it compulsory for each owner of land to destroy the rabbits on his own land, and for the Government to deal similarly with rabbit-infested lands the title to which is still vested in the Crown. This plan was advocated by many when legislation on the subject was first proposed. But some—ourselves amongst the number— thought otherwise, on the ground that if one executive body dealt with the rabbit uuisance in eash district, instead of the matter being in the hands of each individual ratepayer, they would be able to do the work systemati cally, commencing operations at a given point and extending those operations accord ing to a predetermined plan so as to clear all before them as they went. Theory and practice very often clash. We still believe that theoretically such a course would be the wiser of the two. But the short measure of experience that has been had would seem to prove it does not work well. None know where the shoe pinches so well as those who wear it; and the defect which the farmers pointed out was this, that whilst they as farmers were quite able to keep the burrows closed and destroy the rabbits on their own lands, they were kept perpetually subject to the depredations of those which made their way either from the Anlaby run, the Go vernment reserves, or other large holdings, and hence they urge that amendment of the j Act to which we have referred. They argue that it should not be any more difficult for a large landowner to cope with the evil than j for a small one—that if he has an increased area to deal with he has proportionately larger means to enable him to do so. This may, and doubtless is, to a large extent cor rect ; but such a line of argument seems to us to be calculated to promote antagonism where there really should be unanimity. It is just as fair to look to the other Bide of the question, and to argue that the larger a man's holding the more rabbits he has and the more damage he sustains therefrom. JBut as a matter of expediency it is just as well to avoid irritating comparisons and to direct energetic efforts towards the one object all profess to have in view—viz., the diminution of the evil which most undoubtedly results from the rabbit plague. It is all very well for persons residing where the rabbit nuis ance is unknown :o sc ff at those who speak of the ruin which it works, but such scoffing no more alters the facts of the case than would the protestations of a person residing where that disease was unknown render cholera a mild and agreeable sensation to those who elsewhere were its subjects. As illustrating the magnitude of the evil, we may refer to the statement of Mr. D. Moody, a thoroughly trustworthy and reliable farmer, who said that within the last few years his losses through rabbits in wheat alone amounted to between £2,000 and £3,000. It may surprise people at a dis tance, too, to learn that rabbits will attack haystacks with such voracity and cunning that whilst the outer part looks all right they frequently burrow under and consume the whole of the inner portion, so that what looks like a good stack is really only the shell of one, as the farmer finds to his cost when he attempts to cut into it. We shall be glad to see the Act altered as desired, so as to give the compulsory system a fair trial. We are not so wedded to what we believed when we advocated it to be the better plan as to maintain that it must neces sarily be the only right course to adopt. The evil is one of great magnitude, and the longer the adoption of effectual measures for suppressing it is delayed the larger the pro portions will it assume, and the greater the difficulty of successfully coping with it. One great necessity of the case is that the Go vernment lands should be dealt with as rigorously as those of private individuals, in order that the rabbits may not be breeding on one side of the road whilst being de stroyed on the other. Another point which is essential to success is that whatever action is taken should be simultaneous, and that it should embrace all connected lands which are so infected. To render our meaning clearer. To the south of a certain Rabbit District the land may be clear, but immediately to the north the nuisance may be as great as within the district. It is clear that in this case any action taken at the northern boundary will be futile, for as fast as the rabbits within the boundaries are destroyed, there will be con , stant migrations from over the borders. It was confidently stated at the meeting that the rabbits are just as numerous at the World's End, Mount Ryan, and on the Lower Murray as at the places within the Rabbit Districts ; and therefore it is clear it will not do to leave the declaration of Rabbit Districts optional with the residents. If the evil is to be successfully coped with the dis trict must extend as far towards each cardinal point as the rabbits are to be found. Then if a law is passed making it compulsory on each landowner to destroy all the rabbits on his land, and the Government is treated the same as the other owners, there may be some prospect of success, but otherwise it is not difficult to foresee that the sheepfarmer and farmer will ultimately have to flee before the plague of rabbits. It also appears to us that in some parts an effort will have to be made to poison the rabbits, for they do not in all localities form burrows, and cannot be de stroyed in the ordinary method. As showing the extent to which war has been waged against the rabbits by private persons we gather from a report appearing in another column that the proprietor of the Anlaby estate has paid the capitation fee on 140,000 rabbits, and assuming half of them to be does and their annual iucrease to be 20, this would still further reduce by 1,400,000 the number there would now have been, not allow ing for the increase from some of their progeny which would have amounted to no j inconsiderable number, seeing that rabbits j commence to breed at four months old, j *#* We are unavoidably compelled to hold over our report of the Corporation proceedings until our next issue. *#* We have in type a lengthy extract from a Mew Zealand paper on the report of the Rabbit Commission in that colony, "which we are com pelled to hold over. The English Mail.—The English mail de livered on Tuesday last occupied the shortest time in transmission of any which has yet reached the colony—namely, thirty-nine days. Sermons roa the Young.—We notice that the Rev. W. O. Ashton has commenced a course of sermons to the young on Sunday evenings. The subject for next Sunday evening is announced to be " David and Q-oliath.1' Kapunda Hospital.—A - general Coramittea meeting is called for Monday evening next for the purpose of receiving the report of the Sub-Com mittee appointed to obtain a plan &c.; for the proposed building. Spelling Bee.—We would remind our readers of the entertainment this evening at the Institute in aid of Dutton Park funds, the chief feature in which will be the two (if not three) spelling bees. Mr. W. Neill will act as judge and Mr. Elliott as referee. Accident at the Burra Railway Station. —As Richard Owens, in the employ of the South Australian Carrying Company, was loading a trolly with chaff on Saturday afternoon, the 15th instant, one of the bags of chaff fell from the trolly on to the horses causing them to move forward. Owens in consequence was thrown to the ground and run over, the wheel passing over his thigh and breaking it. Drs. Cave and Dash wood attended the sufferer. The North-West Bend Haitway.—This work is now certain to be carried out. The Legislative Council was seized with an unusual working fit on Tuesday, and not merely read a third time and passed the Port AuguBta Railway Bill, but also read a second time, passed through Committee, and suspended the Standing Orders so as to enable them to read a third time ths Worth-West Bend and the Gladstone and James town Bailway Bills. The Governor's assent is all that is now needed to make these measures law. ( We might mention that in the House of As sembly there were cheers when the Bills were re turned without amendment. Accident.—As Mr. David Webb was return ing home from the Eudsnda meeting on Monday, when at the head of the ranges the hone he was riding shied at some rabbits, and jumped [ from one side of the road to the other. Mr. Webb -was sitting somewhat carelessly in the saddle, and was consequently unseated. In the fall he injured his arm severely, it being thought that the wrisfc is broken. On the following day he came from his home to Kapunda (a distance of twenty-six miles), but on his arrival the arm was too much swollen to allow of its being ex amined by Dr. Macliachlan. On Wednesday Mr. Webb wtfnt per mid- day train to the Ade laide Hospital. Caution- to Town and District Councils. ■—In the latest number to hand of the Portland, Guardian, we find the report of a trial in which Mrs. Bell sued the Town Council for £1,000 damages, for loss sustained by her in the death of her husband which, she alleged was caused by defendants' negligence. The death occurred two years since, but the widow had not had means to bring the action sooner. Deceased was a farmer and contractor, and whilst riding home, in the dark, he being sober, his horse fell over a heap of metal which had been stacked in the road way j and the injuries sustained by plaintiff's husband were fatal. The case occupied some time in hearing, and resulted in a -verdict for the plaintiff for £500, viz., £250 each for herself and £50 each to five of the young children. This will be a heavy amount for the Council to pay. Another Sad Wreck.—Another distressing wreck has occurred in . the neighbourhood of the wreck of the Geltwood, the barque Agnes, coal laden, and bound from Sydney to Port Adelaide, having gone ashore on the Carpenter Beef at 5 a.m. on Tuesday. The fore part soon broke up, and the few men who first reached shore reported that the stern part only was out of water, the captain, mate, and three "men being still on board. It appears that after she struck the dingey broke away, and a boat swamped with six men alongside, all the oars being lost, *but four men ultimately got into the boat and reached the shore without oars. The Government {promptly chartered the City of Hobart, steamer, which was at MacDonnell Bay, to tow round the life boat. We trust that before we go to press the news may reach us of the five men being got off j hut we are afraid it is somewhat doubtful.—The steamer City of Hobart returned from the wreck at 1 p.m. on the 19 th inst., bringing all remain ing hands with her, so that all have, fortunately, been rescued. A ViotENT Death.—An xnqueBfc was held on Wednesday at the Sportsman's Hotel, Ade laide, on the body of Giles Head Herring (brother of Mr. Edward Herring, monumental sculptor), who died at North Adelaide onj the 18th. Dr. Mclntyre had given a certificate of burial, thinking death to have ensued from natural causes, but owing to reports communi cated to Mr. W. Harcus, J.P., this latter gentle man deemed it advisable to hold an inquest. It appears trom the eridence that the deceased and his brother Edward were in the Union Inn, Waymouth-street, one evening some weeks ago, the former being the worse for drink, and after wrangling for awhile Edward Herring, who did not appear to be at all intoxicated, took his brother in his arms, and threw him out of the door of the bar on to the pavement outside. He was removed from there into the house hy his brother. The inquest was adjourned to Thursday to receive the evidence of Dr. Peel (who was to make a post-mortem examination), and Dr. Mclntyre. Mr. Taxeerman.—We have received from this gentleman, whose name is so well known in con nection with the development in England of the Australian preserved meat trade, the copy of a letter forwarded by him per last mail to the editor of the Melbourne Argus anenb a charge which had been preferred against him of supply ing to the French Government inferior Texan beef as Australian, to the damage of the reputa tion of the latter. Mr. Tallerman affirms that he never was guilty of such a fraud. He asserts that the Texan beef is,' sufficiently good to be sold on its own merits, and maintains that he has an equal right to promote the preservation of meat in Texas as in Australia. In reference to two tins of Texan beef of inferior quality supplied to the Argus he asserts that that meat was not a fair sample of the Texan beef, and with reference to the tins in question bearing the label of the Australian Meat Preserving Company, and nothing to show they were Texan beef, he stateB that his company act as agents, and affix their label to show the meat is guaranteed by them, but that in addition to the Company's label there is always a second label—that of the pre servers—which would show whether the beef was Texan or Australian. It the second label was not on the tins suppled to the Argus he maintains they bad been purposei.v removed hy those who sent them, which action lie attributes to mean jealousy of bis success. la closing Ins "letter Mr. Tallerman, whilst admitting that the unjust charge preferred lias greatly annored him, says he has the consolation of knowing i hat, his work has drawn forth expressions of approval from Euro pean royalty and from the most philanthropic of the English nobility, as well as from large masses of the middle and lower classes. A Ghost Story.—Haunted houses and ghost stories usually belong to old countries, and in deed the exercise of common sense has served to cause such superstitious fancies to be exploded there. There has, however, unfortunately been prevalent in Kapunda for the last week or two a ghost story arising out of the malicious action of some person who no doubt conceives he is play ing a brilliant part when he succeeds in frighten ing women or children. For some time past those whose business, &c.;, has led them to pass by the dam after dark have been occasionally startled by the figure of a person enveloped in white passing within eight; and as Mr. Richards was drowned some years ago at the dam this figure was soon set down as his ghost. Mrs. W. Tuckfield, amongst others, was greatly frightened by such an appearance early on Saturday evening as she was coming into the main street. When she was near the mill office the figure in white rose up out of the new culvert, crossed the road, and entered the plantation. This occurrence gave Mrs. Tuckfield a very severe shock; and in addition to those who have been frightened by seeing it, numbers of children have been greatly frightened by hearing exaggerated accounts of it. The police spent one or two nights in the neigh bourhood, watching for this would-be-thought ghostly visitant j but we presume his ghostship cannot bear to be near the gentlemen in blue. Practical joking of almost any kind is objaction able, but this is both senseless and highly dan gerous. A shock might in this way be instan taneously inflicted on persons of nervous tem perament the evil results of which would be life long in duration. We understand that efforts are being made to catch this senseless joker, and if, as we trust will be the case, these are successful, we hope his captors will give him a good sousing in the dirtiest part of the dam, and a goodx hiding into the bargain. We should be the last to advocate an illegal assault on any person, but as this person wishes to be taken for a ghost he should receive ghostly treatment, and the water test would effectually settle the question as to the spiritual or material nature of this nocturnal visitant—if he belongs to the former order it won't hnrt him; if to the latter he fully de serves all the injury he may receive. 