THE GOVKIINIJU'S TOUlt THROUGH THK MINING DISTRICTS. In response toa request, Mr Wcld-lllun. dell, private secretary, haa furnished us (Mtrciirv) with information tliat enables us to give the following particulars of His Ficcellcncy the Governor's recent lour. Il will be remembered that Ills Kxcellency left for Launceslou on the 23rd February. Of his doings during his eight days' slay in Launcestou, we have already given BOmc account ; but il may be mentioned that His Excellency was very much pleased with the condict and behaviour of the people, and the reception he met with. Of the Wentbury district, which he visited by special train on the 1st March, ho speaks as being a hoauti ful agricultural country, better funned lliaii some pans of Unglan.l, and belter deei.le.llF lliau most culouiul funuiug. On the 2nd of March, occunipitnicd by the Hun. W. iloore (Minister of Lauds), Mr Frith, engineer, and Mr Stourton, His Kxcellency started on horseback fur the north-east euast wiu Scotudale. Leaving the rich valley of tbe Kak. the liarlv ascendeil the hill behind tbe St. Leonard's woollen factury, visited uy Ills Kxccilcucv lssl year. The UHl 12 or 13 miles tuthc waterworks is unuulaling.and is pretty well limbered. On Ihe hillsides there is toler ably goud land, but in tbe valleys it is poor. Tile country, though very second rate, is capa- bleofsupportiiiEasuiallpopulation.Alprescnt it is very sparsely peopled, if It cnu lie said to be peopled at ull. The parly passed une laud to a considerable extent, which is used as a sheep farm, and belongs to Mr Adams. Klcvcu miles from Liunceston, the roa.1 crosses an underground luunel, which cun vcys water from tho St. Patrick river to the Distillery Creek for the supply of I.aunccs ton. His Kxcclleney turned from the road and rode to the waterworks, where there is a neat cottage and rleuriiif;, unii a pretty bend of the St. Patrick river. This river is a clear, rrctih stream, witli rocky bed and woody bnnks, and contains plenty of trout. Ills Kiccllency walked flret lo the dam and then down to the luunel, a distance of perhaps half a mile. Tlie lead or Hume is constructed of is tone, nud ia very neatly and well (.?xeculcJ. Tlie tunnel is outv framed or wood; it ifl painted within, lias two a-r tjhufls, and is large enough to allow* uman to parly proeeidid. Six miles f ,.1'ier brnight slay was made for refreshments. Another five miles brought them to the Myrtles (a farm where accommodation can be got), so called from the myrtles which mix with the eucalypti, and which, ah.ng what is known as tbe ' six-fool track,' blend with a weal 111 of magnificent ferns aud rich growth of underwood ; In facl, the country here is exccediuglv rich though brokeu and hilly. The trees,' stringy b«rk and others, arc of great size, and the bush is douse and luxuriant ; the party noticed the 'Macquarle Vine' twining umongst the fern trees and brushwood, quantities of parrots, and many native thrushes. Much had been heard of Ihc difficulties of the descent at the precipice to the Meredith Valley. The p.ith is cut al.iiiK tin- bill »ide, and ?? the niecipiiv,' which iu N'.w Zealand, Ihe (governor stales, would be considered an ordinary hill side, aoeuy'tluHIis'Kxccllcni'y and MrStourtou trotted from top to bottom, and did not know whether Ihey had .mile to Ihe d.fflcult {dace. In wet weather, doubtless many parts of the track are exceedingly bogtfV, and it seems extraordinary thul in so old a coluny as lliis, such a line listrict us SoutlsdaleainlUpner l(iu;aro.ni a should not have a passable cart Kind to though a narrow huguy might p.ssiblv be taken along lue six-foot track in dry wea ther. Il wus pelting dark wlMn the parly found themselves on Ihc level (the white dead trees iu the clearing glimmering like ghosts in Ihe moonlight., and they reaehel lvl.var.ls' Inn at 7.10. Tno dutmic travelled was .Is) miles. Mr Moore's horse had cast a shoe, an.l he remained aud slept at Ihe Myrtles. At Kdivards' on Ihc previous evening, Mr fowle, J.P., and a large number of people had assembled to meet His Kxcel. leuey ; but, owing lo his having been un. avoidably delayed in Launcestou a day more than was intended, they were disappointed. His Kxcellency (who received from Mr K'lwards llic a'ldrets lhal was to have been meut very much, though il is as well to suite him, ur of any 'address bdug iu eoulempla Friday, March 3rd.— To-day the party rode through Scotlsdalc to Ilridport and hack, in all 28 miles. Tbe country is gently undulating, the land very rich aud heavily limbered (principally with gum), with a dense undergrowth of ferns and brushwood. The ferns aro magniSecnl, often loft. high, and they grow in the wildest profusion Scotts.lale has 1.1 or 20 thou-und acres of first class land, equal lo the pick of New Zealand. Il has about 5ml iuhahilants. who are said to be reinarkibly industrious, orderlv, and sober. The place is thriving, but it'requlres roads an I labor. The wanes £1 and found. There is a good deal of un sold land in this district, which His F.xcel country, where by his ial».i and that of Ins famlly'hi) Mit gradually elear Ihc land and make a happy home. Uridport is a pretiy little place, composed of about a .|..?..-ii houses There is a bsr al the entrance to the river, and Ihcrc is a Tft high tide ; a small outlay is necessary to prevent a new channel forming ?''! ' small jetty Is warned near the moulh. llic I'sooln-i.i-y visited the school, where he found the children clean and orderlv, and heard them read very cre diulily, after which he obtained a holi.lav for them. Saturday, Mirch 1th.— The party left Howards1, and afler proceeding a mile or so to Tucker's Corner, turned to the right instead of, as on the previous day, to the left. A few miles brought them out of the noh country into hilly land of Inferior quality, but this did not inst long. The hills became rich as the party descended from the ?light elevation to which Ihey had risen, and again entered a nearly level tract. The jour nry had been through heavily limber, d laud, great eucalypti, sassafras, forl (myrtle), and dense juneic of hushes, ferns, and Mncquaric vines. Now the heavy timber was some what less dense and easier lo clear than In Scotlsdale, though growing on laud quite as rich. Mr Cowlc (who accompanied the party some distance! .Uite.l that he had known SO tons of potatoes tn an acre, and that he knew land laid down in English grass that would keep twelve sheep to an acre. At mid-day the party stopped for lunch at a firm tvlm,(;m|i lo Mr .lame* Scott, Mil A. Tlie laud here seemed bel.nv Ihe average, and looked much dried up, At three o'clock tire parly remounted, and rnde about three miles lo Ituby Flat Tin Mine, orosslui! tho itUirmooma iu a deep, darkilell.furiliiie and ridnii over a hill. tlirotiitu bushes and oi'er rm-k*, at a smart [iiecs'amnni: the hushes, an.l iu torn- pl.ircs the track was very sleep. There were about 28 men working slrciyni lin. pettinc, the overseer sta'el, fioni ??» lo 8s a day wages. A little dirt w»t washed for His Hx.wllcnry to look at. A week or two prrvl.ni* two and a half tons had bc-n pot, but the ground Is patchy and the yi.ll sni- ill. The party then rode on (fording the l!ii|...,iroo.na) through very cood land to Mr l'ryvj, whose son accompanied them. (I was state.) that the. district, and that it Is better than in Scotlsdale. Opinions differ on these points; but there can be no question but i\\\n\ these districts have between Uvm, nt Icjisi thai quantity of excollii.l Iqml, and lhal they will one U'ly carry a very large population. Mr Fry has a farm of rather over 300 acres, about 250 acres of which are cleared, the house si comfortable, there is an exvellent cowshed, and the flower garden is very neat Mr Fry possesses a medal obtained for cheese at the Melbourne Exhibition. He milks 50 cows, has some nice Devon cows, a few good horses, and some first class pigs His land is excellent; white clover, cocks foot grass, and sarrow growv luxuriantly. The roads passed over during the day must be almost impassable in bad weather,though at present good for horses ; all the bridges and culverts sadly want repairing, and a bridge over the Ringarooma, between Mr Scott's and Mr Fry's would be a great boon. Sunday, March 5th.— A very quiet day was spent at Mr Fry's. Monday, March 6th.— The party left at seven o'clock, and passed along a very rough track to the Globe claim, which Is worked by some of the owners. The party then visited the Atlas Company's claim, and, leaving their horses, wralked about a mile up a streep hill, thickly wooded, until they reached the huts of the Belmont Com pany. Mount Bell, about 3000 feet above the level of the sea, was then ascended, and from the top the party obtained an extensive view over Ringarooma and Scottsdale. The coast hills at George's Bay, Mount Cameron, Mount Horror, Bridport Plains to the sea, Mount Arthur, Ben Nevis, Ben Lomond, and nearer Mounts Victoria and Albert, formed a grand panorama of wooded country, Passing over the hill side, about a dozen prospecting holes were visited. Mr Marker, manager of the Jlclniont Cofiipiiiij'i fi&vc; Kin spot of the prop ? .1 work', mm. prising a waterworks scheme, lead tunnel, etc. These works will he oo a larg.- -.cale, ar.d involve a great oulloy; hut there is every plenty of rieh wash dirt ? lepciilemly u! lin porphyritic i-rauile reefs. The |iarly c.nlinued ihe visit, Mr Donnelly, the inaii. ancr uf the Atlas, piloting til. ill on foot. After aituin passing the Illohe claim, Ihey proceeded ur and down hills hy the Sl.irund Slum, rock (mid close hy me I.mvir Alias) workings, t hence, up a sleep hill half a mile, uhcie a alight track lea ling to the riglil was di.rn.er.'.l, which touk thru, lo u well d.-finci track, following whieh Thniiing' ti-eeb, none of the horses were injured ; but a goud deal of walking was done l.. „,.? the annuals All the day's traiellinn was ihiough stringy bark trees being seen All the cl.iims Beetned lo be doing remarkably well, mid e».ry one appeared hopeful: but 1 1..- want of roads is a great drawback. Though uolv about 1» miles were travelled, il was a ver'v hard day's work, especially us besides this the party end as much slid mnr.. dim .-nil walking than the asc.-i.l of M..1101 Wcl Imil'Ioii ; howeier they all s. em. d pr-tl v fre,li at Hip finish. Ili/Kxeel ? -v pr.uu^ himself acnpilal buslinian. Afier rei.li.n^ party inspcr.le.1 Ihe All N'alions' claim, where they found Mr Healev, of 1 1, bait Town. who had walked from (i.-oru-'s lUv. a distance of :io miles. A tin of dirt -vas washed, and yielded 1 II) I ..?. The night was passed in a very comfortably arrun^ed Tuesday, Mirch Tlh.-Them was lii-lil rain this niomin./, the first lint had fallen during the tour, lint it coon stopped. At 7 o'clock Ihe party returned about a mile into the bush whence they had emerged the previous evening, and visited the Union (Macnichacl and Gales) claim, where they were shown the broadest space of washdirt and the richest they hid yet I seen ; it yields about half a ton per nun per week ; a pan yielded about '. or Gibs of lin. On returning to Thomas' l'laius I Ihe party found that an arch, with Ihe word ' Welcome' on it, hail been erected, the path beyond being adorned wiih two large flags on each side. The place is well watered and open, surrounded hy wooden hills, and admirably adapted for a township. The party pass, d over a long wooded hill, steep in places, which would he very bad for travelling in wet weather ; even now the horses' feet ofien sank in Llic deep rich soil between the tree root- and rocks. There is a snnll open pl\inat Ihe top of the hill. A new horse track is brim; cut, which will be a great improvement The vegetation is fozi, eucalypti, and ferns, with some sn-safms and hlaekwood. Mr Johnson, the surveyor, j.iinel the parly at his camp. Kennedy and I'hnpmau'* and Dridgo and Bla-ka'l'. workings were in spected, and found to he doinj very well. His Kxcellency conversed with the men, and obtained a goud deal of informal ion about lin. trict (as pioneers u-ually nre); many of tln-m come from Victoria and Now Zealand. Il is stated that some of the claims here an not worked because they do not yield £10 a week twice that amount. 'Tim party rear-lied Johnson's' New Kngland/'nt I p.m. aud had lunch, after which they rode II miles through a partially settled country 10 (;,.,r«e's U:,y. The day's journey was about :lo mile*. Wednesday. March 81I1.-A r..le nf .ix miles brought Ihe party to the Ituby 11 ? , lh° extensive works of whieh were carefully inspected under tin. giiidn'ceof ihe liianuL-ir. There is a deal of heavy Ftripplnn of sur face stuff, but agoo.1 breadth of wash dirt, which is fine ill grain. The mine is ea-y of access bv oart from tlie hay. The w.iees pud to Ihc men is from V-s downwards , bourne. His llscellenev ,111 i Mr Sw.111 (In sp.elornf Police), who joined tbe pirtr al George's Hay, went fishing, having obtained use of a boat from the llohert Hums, kindly lent hy Captain Hall ; tu-o dosen bream were caucht, some very Hue, weiijllili ? two and three pound* each. Thursday, March 'J h. — His Kxcellrnry slaved at Mrs M'Larcn's Hotel, 'cine unalil'e to pny any visits in coiiBcq active of his hip pfi^f? haviiif* licen loft nt Avooi. The minors bin llnv 'could not learn when he^ was coming.' The Blue Tier was Iho Isil the parly passed over on this side llio Thomas lllvcr ; only llie end of it wai crossed. There arc three main tinri between (loornc'a Hay and Scottsditlp, mio butwtvn Hiniruro 'mi and I'lnins and ' New Knglund,' Johnson's farm. His Ktccllenry and Mr Swan again weni H*hing, and caueht over two dotten, besides beiiiE prcttv well drenched wall rain. Friday, March |mh.— The, party rode to Fal oouih along a gool road , plenty of iron linrk Ihvs ftbuijl , Scftin&tidt-;'t \ bridpr, a, fiirii.i.]-. Hilling pla-r, H-aopa^fl-il, tj- iantitit^ thn h..rse« were bniteil, and after IIik KxcpI li-ncy hart visited Tho «cliimlt Ik- role up St was dull, and the tine view rrotn the IJiss could not be seen to ajirantafgc. The ferns and vejjctntion here urc nit her poor in com parison' with those on ihc norl h-easl onunt ry , an.l there is a want of hold rocks ; siill the l'ass is well worth a vls.il. The towns'lip.'f Si M.irv's is a prettily silu.il.-d village. Hi« Kxcellency visited the sehool, an.l then rode on to Mr Ornoiu'a. Ilarelldd, where he was most hospitably reoeived. Mr Ransom aud MrDawson «rre present. His F.xeelleiicy was shown a fine specimen of coal, which underlies the country about Harerlold le. a nirlernble extent. Saturday, March 1 1.— Very wet day. The party rode to St. Ma,y\ and thence to Pineal ihiouph a tin? rich vullcy, which must hr picturesque when the hill's nrc vi»il-lo way, and Mr Rhuhdui und his »ati ttn-i ititMii on the road. Had it. bnen flue the party would have virile., a onal shaft near Mr Ransom's, but they had been delaved, and had to ri.le very fast to get to Fingal by noon i ihe list five miles were done In 20 Ihc Warden (Mr'stanfMd) and mmeof ihc councillors. The Warden had just rolurue.l from I-aUTiOQsto&, and apologised lor not having had lime lo preparu ail address. His Excellency went with Mr Staullcld lo ihc school, but bt.lns Saturday. Ihe children were of oourfac away. Thrir copy books were, however, shown to His Kv.-cllcncy. and hp iiliUiincd iufiinnnt inn respecting th6 CVinrt.ll.mse was then' lisilisl, slier which His Kxrcllcurr w-ilk.-d. t.. M.ibihi.|r, where he was ninst kimi'iy leroive.i by M.r Ruin rl Orkoand Mrs Clerk' The e-'.ne is a valley of h, ? r-k His Kxr -H.-mi-v lin. 1 much ? Miidtii «C! Malahnle, nii.l he iv»» uroallv pleased with his li-il rule quietly in Iho eie.iiiL' lo Avie.i. On reside Mr and Mrs Store ; tbev ba-e been 8ian.l«nn very pliickily saved a life ilurinB a fh'ml near their til ice ; im.l n may be turn tinned that the fuels hiving li en uair.it.. I to Ili» Kvxil...iay he scut the. n.«-».arv papers Ii.ii.ic Iu the Itoyal II. 1111:111c Koelelv. who will mi ikiubl aeknowllnllK Ihe vouhb man's courage in *oino wav. Tho party staved at Faslcr's Ili.lel. Mr Moore left bore, nnd started lo the North Wesl dasl . Tim remainder of the lour niny l-c pivon ralhcr more briefly. On Monday the school at Avoca was visited, and then the party started to Swansea. The wn so. Icavingthc I.Elunceston (Comers) road tended eistward. A fine atrctch of rich country was pnssed, (I.e., plains of grass (with light soil) sur muaded by wooded hills,next narrowing into a valley. Several houses that wero once seats of tho gentry of tho olden times of Tasmania, kut which arc nowofton occupied by shepherds, were seen. A rest wm made at the Half-way Ottaeo, Mr Uuckett's, Hop-pole Rottoni At the meeting of the waters, Mr .Tone Mercmtn, Alcssrs Amos, and Messrs Lyne met the party, and subsequently Mr Darlle and Dr. Hunrilc. 111b Kxcellency stayed at Cumbria, Mr John Meredith's place. On Tuosday, the Swansea school was visited, and then His Excellency went to Lisdillon, the residence of Mr Mitchell, M.II.A. On Wednesday, tho party were accompanied by Mr Mitchell and Mils Mitchell as far as the White Hat. where they were met by Mr G. Mace, Mr ». DaWs, and others and cscort.d la Mr .Mace's residence. His Excellent? rial ted tho school and police boild Infta, eta, at Spring Bay. In the evening Mr Mace drove the party to Molnnna (native bird's nest), the residence ol Mr C. Meredith, M.H.A. On Thursday ihr school ana quarry at Prosaer's Day were visited and a line »lcw was obtained of Marie Inland. His ExwlltnoT called at the bouse ef Mr Cro»ienden,MrQraut,sndMrana. Mn Fred. Muoe. Ull Friday the Church of England school at Uuckland was visited A slay waa niHtle at Kuunyiucde, &Tr; Lindley's property. His Kxccllenry rode over the farm, and ex amined some very good Leicester sheep. At Idehmond the school was inspected, and then I the party came on to ifobart Town, arriving 1 ul 0 p.m. I II may be remarked that in the first part of the lour ihe party were singularly fortu nate in getting good weather, but not so afterwards. His Kxcellency was desirous of going on to Mount Cameron, but it woald have occupied three days, whicb ho could not afford ; besides which, if lie had gone from nranxholnie, he would have had to walk a considerable part of the way. There is, « gool, if n..t better, iu other parts ; aud accordingly Mount Cameron, and tbe coast at ihe north-east extremity of tbe island, where there is some ?ood land, little known, have been reserved for another trip His r.xceiieucy we uelicvc has seen quite enough 10 satisfy himself as to lh« immense ml neral riches of north east Tasmania, and Its capa* bi lilies for carrying a largo mining and farm* ing population ; and be saya it will fully bear comparison with any district in New Zealand, lit.* wax assured hy surveyors that there ure ro.oi.n acres of first class land (level and iirnltilaliDg) in Scottsdsilc uud Kingarooma ; Inn Mr Moore thinks this is an over estimate. The hills generally have good soil, and would lake jjross readily if cleared. The country is roughly estimated at 40 miles hy 40 miles, and ils richness is unknown. The area, of ahoul Mount DiscliotT ; but the richness of llie washdirt in the Mount Uiscboff claims surpasses any yet found on the North-east. The return journey of the party down the Kiial Coast was very enjoyable, and nothing could be more kind and hearty than tbe welcome His Kxcclleney everywhere re ceived. The coast country, after leaving Avoca, is patchy, and, as a rule, second class. The scenery is pretty, but there was so much mist that the views were often obscured. 