WHARF RESERVE— PUBLIC MEETING On Thursday evening last a public meeting, to con- sider the advisability of petitioning the Government to sell a portion of the Wharf Reserve, was held at Esplin's Hotel. The attendance was both large and representa- tive. On the motion of Mr W. H. Williams, seconded by Mr. S. Moss, J. E. Pearce, Esq., P.M., was called to the chair. The chairman stated that in compliance with the wishes of a number of ratepayers he had con- sented to take the chair for that evening ; he did so be- cause he felt he was in an independent position so far as the Wharf Reserve question was concerned ; it was im- material to him whether the reserve was sold or not. He hoped the questions submitted to the meeting would he fairy considered and that fair play would be accorded to both sides. Mr Geo. Esplin proposed the first resolution to the following effect:- "That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that the Lachlan-street frontage to the Wharf Reserve, to a depth of 150 feet be sold." He be- lieved the selling of the land would confer a boon upon the town ; business sites were in demand ; and, if the quantity specified in the proposition were sold, it would leave ample room for wharfages accommodation.' At ' Echuca the accommodation wn«s limited and still a lnrge , bu i less was done. He hail, therefore.' great pleasure In moving the resolution which he had read. Mr S. Moss seconded the proposition. Mr Tartakover took exception to the resolution. He was ol opinion that a boon had been conferred upon tlie town when the Government at the request of the resi dents withdrew the wharf reserve from sale. In a small »totyn tot much could hardly be said in favor of reserves ; they were of great advantage. Th'*n ngnin, if the re serve in question were «ohl it would deprive the rate f»ayers of the only site in the town suitable for a town mil. AlW some other Temarks upon the question the speaker tabled an amendment antagonistic to the resolu tion. Mr Bentwitch soconded the amendment. Mr Boyd said that na he wns not a ratepayer he deemed It best to ask tho chairman whether it would he adinis sabte for him to address the meeting. Tho chairman said that at a public meeting of this kind he thought all interested should have a voice. Mr Boyd then said that it was quite evident that if. tho reserve were sold to a depth of 150 feet it. would leave ample room for toamsters and others having business to transact at the wharf. During the short time he had been In. Hay he had, for himself and on account of others, been anxioijs to seecurc a business site and hail been unabloto do sq. As to reserves, therwore useful no doubt for recreation purpose*, tmt tho one in question was mo«t unsuitable. He should support the motion. , Mr W. H. Williams next addressed the meeting. lie was not atprespnt a ratepayer hut should b* shortly; and he. therefore, claimed' his right to sp^ak upon a matter affecting the welfare of tb« town. No doubt, as a former speaker hn l rf-m^rked small towns needed re reserves, and the re*irf»nM wore ob'lged £o the Govern ? meat for complying with thefr wishes on a former occa.-i fits . if they rwy fta 3 roM»Uo had b«cu made— nnd they should not be the first who had done ao— ho thought immediate action should he taken to rectify the error. The site was quite unsuitable for a recreation roserve. As to there being room on the wharf if the land was sold lie would remind those present that the accommodation at Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide,' and other plnccs was limited to *an extent ; and, if suoli places as those could do with fair sized wharves 'surely Hay could ? He contended that it was both noccssary and judicious to nsk for tho sale of the reserve. The' place required a public wharf and he thought the Go vernment should be a-ked to expend the money realised from the' sale 'of the reserve to ronstruetjng. a public wharf. : If then, the asking of the Government to sell this reserve is a step iu the direction of a -public wharf— and he believed it wns— he maintained that such step should hi; take* at once. Mr Tartakover said he was much pleased with some of tlie remarks made by the last speaker. He was desirous that the best interests of the towu should be advanced, and all knew that a public wharf was much required. If the idea of Mr Williams relative to the request for a wharf were embodied in tho proposition, an.l provision also made for a »ite for a town hall on the reserve, he would withdraw his amendment. (Applause.) Mr Murray having made a few well timed remarks upon the question, the proposition was amended to the following effect ' That in the opinion ot this meeting it is desirable that the Laehlan-atreet frontage to the Wharf Reserve to a depth of 150 feet deep be sold, ex cepting a site for a town hall, aud that the proceeds ot such sale be applied to building a public wharf.' The chairman having read the resolution, and no amendment being recorded, it was put to the meeting aud carried. There were only two who voted against the motion. Mr Williams suggested that a committee of three should be appointed to give ndVt to tlie reflation . The Government would require information, nnd a commit tee could collect this uud furnish statistics to induce the Government to comply with the request. Ultimately the following gentlemen were appointed a committee to carry out the resolution of tho meeting : Messrs McGowan, Williams, and Saunders. On the motion of Mr Witcombe, a vote of thanks to the chairman was duly passed and acknowledged, aud the meeting terminated. A Prolific Ewk. — Mr Robert P. Greenhill, of Elmbridge, near Droitwich, is iu possession «f a ewe, seven years old, which has produced uo fewer than 20 lainbs— a small llock. In the hrst year she gave birth to two; in the second, one; third, three; fourth, three; fifth, four ; sixth, four, and seventh, three. iTwasahign speech of Seneca, 'That the good things which belong to prosperity are to be wished ; but the good things that belong to adversity are to be ad mired.' But this is a yet higher speech of his (much too high for a heathen :) 41 It is true greatness to have in one the frailty of a man and the security of a god.' — Macon. Stop a Minute ! — Don't hurry so. Move slower; it may be you will go surer. Grind, grind, grind— one everlasting grind from five o'clock iu the morning till ten o'clock at night, chasing the bubble of human riches. What is the need, pray tell me? You already have enough — more than you can use. You are heaping up wealth for others to waste or quarrel over when you are dead. And oue-halfof your heirs, iustead of recollecting you gratefully, will contemplate your departure from this hurrying scene with infinitesatislhction. Take our advice, rest' awhile, You are wearing out the vital forces faster than there is need, and in this way subtract ing years from the sum total of your life. This rush and worry day after day, this restless anxiety after something, you have not got is Jiko pebble stones in machinery; they grate and grind the life out of you. You have use less burdens ; throw them off. You havo a great deal of needless care ; dump it. Pull iu the strings. Compact your business. Tuke time for thought of better things. Go out into the air, and let God's sun shiun down on your head. Stop grumbling at adverse providence. You will probably never *ee much better times than the^o in this doomed world. Your most opportune sea son fs now; your happiest day is to-day. Calmly do your duty, and let God tako cure of. his own world. He is still alive and is the King. Do not fo* one moment imagine that things will go to everlasting smash when you disappear from this mortal stage. This world got along very well before your advent into it ; it will do as well when you vanish from it. Don't fancy that the curse of Heaven, in the shape of the vain task of righting up this disjoined earth, is imposed upon you. Cease to fret and fume ; cease, to jump and worry, early and late. The good time id coming, but you pan never bring it. Gud can and will. Take bi^rir, sir. Sit down and rest, and draw a long breath. Then go calmly at the tasks of life and do your work well. The trial of Ellen Francis, for murdering a man named Robert Davis, at Cecil-street, Emerald Hill, on the morning of the 5th inst. took place before the Cen tral Criminal Court on Saturday last. Mr MacDermott, who appeared for the prisoner, admitted that she killed the deceased, but endeavorftd to show that it was a case of manslaughter, and she was provoked to stab him hy being first struck by him in tho face. The jury, how ever, after about four minutes'retirement, found the pri soner guilty of murder, and she was sentenced to death. Francis while sentence was hvii'ig passed, appeared per-, fectly callous, and left the dock without betraying any emotion. An action for divorce, at the instance of Ann Lindsay or Gourlay, residiug at South road, Bonnyrigg, again s't her husband. Charles Gourlay, formerly residing in 0 Duucan street, Leith, and now iu Australia, has been heard by Lord Shaufl. The parties were married in the year 1853, in Trinity Church, Minories, by special li cense. Previous to* the marriage, Gourla'v was a. sen captain, but at tho time the ceremony was performed he hail been discharged. He had not the means of provid ing for li'er in London, and he went abroad , iu another vessel, while she returned to Leith, to which port both parties belonged. Since then the lady hndneversceuher husband, nnd she hnd had .very few letters from hiin, the last being of date I860. He hnd never contributed to her support, and when last beard of he was wandering about Melbourne in a ragged and shoeless condition, nnd ! avoided by his countrymen because of his dissolute im j bits. On the ground of desertion the court grauted de I cree of divorce. A Novia Sugokstiopt. — The Shire Council of Gardiner, has forwarded to the various municipalities for their consideration, a suggestion which it is proposed to insert in any amendment , which mav be made in the Local Government Act : — ' If it shall be desired by any j ratepayer to have some public work executed at a time | when the council shall not be able or willing to execute the same, it shall be lawful, fur such ratepayer, with the previous consent (by special order) of the couucil, to advance, to the municipality the whole or part of the moneys necessary to execute such work, aud any ad vance so made shall be credited in the InnkR of the municipality to such ratepayer as a payment of rates by him iu advance; and such ratepayer shall not, nor any person claiming under him, he compelled to pay any or dinary rates until after such payment in advance shall Iiuva hn.Ml PYlinttcf«(] hv ni'frninrr rlnn nrr-iinof ratepayer or his rateable property.' A recent issue of the Navy, commenting upon the fact that n squadron of German warships had been cruising to the north of the estuarv of the Thame?, per tinently remarks 44 u.s pause and reflect for a mo ment on this incident. But a few years have elapsed since the attempt of the Germans to establish ri war navv was considered to be worthy only of ridicule. Observe the slow but sure advance of power by a nation that least of all requires it for its own protection. One cannot fail to think of the danger wo shculd have been in if war had h»en declared the other day. What would there have b-en to prevent this fleet from destroying and pillauiog the whole coast t Simply nothing. The Chaunel fleet U hundreds of miles from the channel ; the wholn of the remainder of our available fleet is in the cast. The state of thingsis bad enough, but. it is not all : there positive ly exi- ts no ready means of communication between the shore and the light-ships on the coast, whence the ap proach of an enemy would be first observed.' Tick Boarding School -Ixtuudkr.— Early on Saturday morning writes the Argus of the lltli instant another dastardly attempt was made by the teacher named William Gordon to enter Mrs Tripp's ladies' boarding-school, in Williams road, thus repeating, in an aggravated form, the oflence for which he wns dealt with so leniently by the local bench on Monday last. At 12 o'clock on* Friday night Gordon was seen in Williams road close to Mrs Tripp's establishment. Between half past 12 and 1 o'clock in the morning, Mrs Ridgewny, a married daughter of Mrs Tripp, who was living in tlie ; boarding-school, heard footsteps passing along the walk ! quite close to her window. Sho got up and looked out. I hut was unable to see any one. About 2 n.m., however, she was ngaia awakened, and heard the handle of n door turned. On looking out nt the window she snw a inan walking along th« verandah, nnd she immediately alarmed her mother and sister. After waiting fVa few minutes they heard a noise on the verandah, aud rushing o.it. together found Gordon underneath the same Window at which he was discovered on the previous occasion. Mrs Trfpp peremptorily ordered him down, hut ho only .made a defiant noise with bu voice, as if trying to frighten the ladies. 'The' latter, however, called loudlv for assistance, and on their doing so .he jumped down. Mis Tripp then pounced upon tho intruder, and with the assistance, of her two daughters 'endeavored to hold him until further as- iatance might hrrlvo. A struggle en sued, in which Gordon, in a cowardly manner, struck .ur* u Viuiem mow with imk nsi oil inc ince. Tins caused Mis Tripp to fall to tlie ground and bleed from the note. By this time some of the domestic servants of the house fortunately arrived, nnd assisted to hold Gor . don, who still endeavored to escape, aud used vile lan | gunge towards his captors. The screams of the ladies in | couiseoftimc brought Mr Lloyd, landlord nf tho Bush Inn, on the Malvern road, and Mr Miller, another resi- 1 dent in the vicinity, to the scene, nnd they took Gordon in charge until the pollen were sent for. fie wns brought up at the Police Court, and senteuoed to 15 mouths' im prisonment. Tiie IIortRotts op Cooktown. — The following description of a visit to Cooktowu is taken from n letter received hy agentleman in Melbourne, from a partv who has had enough of the diggings':—' A stranger unac quainted with the many miseries of Cooktowu, coming suddenly from the most populated part of the diggings] would think that the day of resurrection hail arrived, Idi the men looking, so ghost-like and supernatural.' You cannot flud n middle-conditioned man on the diggings, nil being so thin that their bones actually protruded through their skin ; .in fact, although I have been in the army nnd almost every country in the world, I never came across such wretched- looking people, nor eyer lived in, Mich a wretched country tfj^t north of ? Queensland. v ' 