THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, JAN. 18, 1876. The decision of the Board of Education in connection with the appointment of two Inspectors of Schools, is likely to raise up issues little dreamt of when certain members of the Board thought they had a safe opportunity of gratify- ing their personal leanings, and other members had not the moral courage to resist what they must have felt to be a very questionable proceeding. The question of appointing inspectors is in a great measure lost in the more important consideration presented by the constitution of the Board, which is anomalous to a degree. The Board is one of those excrescences on the government of the Colony which is past com- prehension, and is the more remarkable that it has been only tolerated by the public because of the great confidence all felt in the able and disinterested Chairman, who has for so many years discharged very laborious, and often unpleasant, functions with no other fee or reward than the consciousness of a faithful discharge of duty. Dr. Butler, ob Chairman of the Board of Education, had be secured for the Board and himself the respect of the people, that an admittedly wrong system was winked at, in perfect assurance that so long as he remained at the head of it all would come out right. The Board's appointment of inspectors has disillusionised the public. The Chairman's I integrity and intentions are as unsullied as ever, but events have shown that I)c is power less when he would perhaps have most desired to be independent and thus has crumbled to the ground the house of cards which was built up out of the good fame of the Chairman of the Board of Education. We are obliged to confess that we have been disappointed. The constitution of the Board in which there was nothing of the popular element; its great patronage and it»power-to deal with a large expenditure, while at the same time owing no responsibility, not even to public opinion, were not consistent with our ideas of the fitness of things. But like the British Constitu- tion the Board had grown up among us almost imperceptibly, and presented so apparently perfect whole, though sadly wanting in details, that we accepted its. existence and proceedings without question and though we were not prepared to justify its position as altogether a constitutional one, we were as little prepared to join in the cry for razing it to the ground. It was argued that in the absence of payment to the members there was a want of control over the proceedings of the Board that must sooner or later produce evil fruits. But we could hardly bring ourselves to think so, knowing as we did Dr. Butler's zeal and pride in the duties committed to him knowing also that no pay could make him more faithful. But the adverse current has proved too strong for the Chairman's good intentions, and with the recent exhibition of the Board's abandon- ment of duty to serve the private friend of a member, the weakness of the Board stands confessed. Its constitution will, therefore, have to be considered on its own merits and truth compels us to say that, tried by this standard, it must be pronounced wanting. The total expenditure of this Colony is, in round numbers, £300,000, for the due appropriation of every shilling of which, and a proper return for the expenditure, the Colony is entitled to call some one to account, with the solitary exception of some £20,000 committed to the management of a body that is responsible to no one. in every other department Parliament is in a position to call some one to account both for the mm 1 spent and the manner of spending it but the fifteenth part of the whole expenditure of-the Colony is committed to the management of an | irresponsible, because unpaid, Board. Even when the public and Parliament have been of one way of thinking, and the Board of Education of a different opinion ; when, too, the opinion of the Board failed to commend itself to public approval, the" Board - has been generally allowed to have its own way. It was felt it would be an ungenerous and an ungracious act to find fault with a body who, acting gratuitously, were presumed to be actuated by no personal or private influences. Against their better judgment Parliament and the public have repeatedly given up their own views out of deference to the Board, rather than appear to reflect on gentlemen who were giving their time and talents without remunera- tion. We shall admit, for the sake of argument, that on the occasion of more than once such difference of opinion, the Board was right and public opinion wrong. But, even then, the concession to the Board was wrong in" principle. It is but right that they who provide the funds, should alone determine as to their management. This principle abandoned out of respect to the I Chairman or the members of the Board, responsi- f bility ceased, and an altogether erroneous system I was introduced. This was repeatedly expressed in Parliament during the discussion on the public , expenditure last year, and more particularly when the Assembly sat in Committee of Supply ; on the very votes for Inspectors out of which so i grave consequences are likely to flow. On that occasion the Attorney-General said "In two points an improved system was needed administration and inspection. ? He would not enter into the former question then, except to express regret that the hon. Member for Brighton had not consented to act as paid head of the Education department. He, the Attorney-General, wished, if it were possible, that without losing his valuable services in the House, Dr. Butler could have occupied the position of paid head of the department. With a paid head there would be responsibility. He (Mr. Giblin) would be the last to underrate the services Dr. Butler had rendered during a long series of years, but he had often told him privately that they could scold him oftener than now if they did not feel that they were deeply indebted to him for his past services." It is just this impossibility of scolding that appears to have destroyed the influence and usefulness of the Board, whose wayward action has at last roused that feeling of disaffection that must end in a radical alteration. This change of public opinion is only what the Board had a right to expect. Having no Ministerial head responsible for its good conduct, no outside power to whom it owed any allegiance, the Board should have courted public opinion by inviting the presence of the press, and conducting all its business in the light of day, instead of which it has adopted just the contrary policy. The presence of the press at the meetings of the Board has been the veriest of I shams, and only tolerated in so far as to give an appearance of publicity to the conduct of the Board's proceedings, that have, however, been generally carried on with all the privacy of a star chamber. When the business of the Board is of the merest routine character, when there is any business to be transacted that is of no interest to any one, the reporters are graciously permitted to be present, and to record such matters as would generally more appropriately appear in the advertising columns of the press. But let anything of interest have to be disposed of ; let the proceedings be such as the public would like to know, and have a right to know, and immediately the Board resolves itself into a committee, and the reporters are politely told to withdraw ; though why all important and public business can only be transacted in committee, or why if it can only be thus gone through the reporters excluded, are riddles which the Board has not explained. A little bird whispered in our ear that the Board was to meet yesterday, and a reporter from this journal was in attendance at the specified hour and place, but he was told that he I could not be admitted. It was only a committee meeting, though probably in connection with the subject that at present be much exercises the public mind. Were the Board a paid one, we I would speedily know the nature of the committee I business, and the reason of its being gone 1 through in secrecy, but because the Board does its work without remuneration, it does it in such a way as that the public shall know nothing about what it is doing. This of i itself should be a sufficient reason why the Board or its Chairman should be paid, i Publicity is the safeguard of the public, ; and we hesitate not to say that, had the nomination of Inspectors been discussed in presence of the press, a very different conclusion would have been arrived at. Of that nomina- tion we have no desire to speak except on public grounds, though the Board has challenged a narrower criticism. Individual members are, by something more than common report, suspected of other considerations than a single eye to the public good; But the Board has em paled itself on the horns of a dilemma from which it cannot escape without the loss of that public confidence which has hitherto supplied the place of constitutional responsibility. The records of the Board contain an expression of opinion which, so far as the public are aware, is uncalled regarding one gentleman, that should have prevented his being recognised even as a candidate Either the Board, in what it has embodied in its minutes, did a gross wrong to a teacher under it, against which he, as a subordinate, was power- less ; or, in the face of its own expressed opinion, the Board has, for unexplained reasons, made an appointment that is, to say the least of it, injudicious and inexplicable. Thurk can be no object more noble than that of saving human life, and those who engage voluntarily and gratuitously in this work deserve, and have a right to expect the practical sympathy and support of the public. Holding these views we regret to observe that the Victorian Humane Society does not meet with that encouragement its promoters were justified in anticipating. The society was fanned in 1874, with objects similar to those of the Royal Humane Society of England. For the benefit of those who are not intimately acquainted with these objects, we may specify them as follows : " To bestow rewards upon all who promptly risk their lives to rescue those of their fellow-creatures to provide assistance, as far as it is in the power of the society, in all cases of apparent death within the Colony of Victoria to restore the apparently drowned or dead, and to distinguish by like rewards all who by skill and perseverance are, under Providence, successful to collect and circulate the most approved methods, and the best apparatus to be used for this and kindred purposes. " Such a programme of work, it might be supposed, would effect all the assistance that is necessary from a well-to-do community and yet the greatest difficulty that the directors have had to contend against is the want of money. Possibly this may be attributed to the fact that the society has not become sufficiently known, and that people have not yet come to appreciate the immense benefits that may result from its operations. If this is the case, the future of the society may be a prosperous one, At present, however, we can only deal with the information that is given in the first annual report, which in some respects is satisfactory. The society, though cramped in the way of funds, has not been altogether idle. Nearly a dozen medals were presented last year for distinguished acts of bravery in saving life. In all the cases the recipients had exhibited an amount of courage and intrepidity which cannot be too highly commended and had it not been for the Humane Society. it is more than probable that their gallant efforts to save their fellow creatures would have gone unrewarded. As it is, they know that their efforts are recognised, and they are encouraged to be on the alert at all times to rescue those who may be in danger of coming to a premature end. It is surprising how many deaths occur from accidents that, with care and the administration of proper precautions, might have been prevented and also how ignorant most people are of proper means to be adopted for restoring the apparently dead. To take Victoria as an instance. From 1865 to 1874, the number of accidental deaths was 3,4Si), of which 2,311 were by drowning. How many persons are there who understand how to restore an apparently drowned man 1 and what is the number of lives lost every year from the want of this knowledge 5 The same questions may be asked concerning sunstroke, lightning, poisoning, suffocation, snakebite, and hanging, the deaths from all of which are, in some places, very large. It is certain that if people were better acquainted with a few important facts concerning these prevalent causes of death, many lives would be saved, and we have long thought that it ought to be compulsory on teachers in our public schools to inculcate the " directions for restoring the apparently dead, into the minds of the children. These directions are of the simplest character, and if once thoroughly I learnt by children, would never be forgotten. If ; the Humane Society did nothing else than a endeavour to circulate such information, it would be entitled to warm sympathy. The society has not been able to do all that is designed in the objects for which it was formed, simply because the funds were not sufficient ; but it has made a start, and will advance according to its means. The Government, some time ago, promised to render assistance, and some of the local corporate bodies have granted small sums. A piece of land, also, has been given by the Corporation of Melbourne, "for the purpose of building a house in the most frequented part of the south bank of the Yarra, in which to keep the life- saving apparatus supplied by the society, and an attendant in constant readiness for any emergency that may occur." These are helps, but small in proportion to what is required, and we should be glad to hear of the appeal that has been made by the directors meeting with a I hearty response. We should still be more gratified if humane societies were formed in every colony. Of the necessity, and the beneficial results that accrue from such organisations, there can be no doubt and the amount of money required is comparatively little. The first expense is the greatest, and after that, when once the society has become firmly established, there need be no apprehensions with respect to funds. ( = The English Mail. Early yesterday afternoon the ss. Mongolia, with the English mail on board, was telegraphed as signalled off Cape Otway. Our Melbourne telegram states that she was expected at Melbourne last night. With a little more energy than was displayed last month the Tasmanian mails might reach Launceston to-night, and the Hobart Town portion be delivered here to-morrow ; if not in the morning, in the course of the day. | A Relationship Declined Tasmania is a rather great out of the way place, but occasionally distinguished visitors do condescend to' honour us with their presence. One such, if we take his own word for it, is an illustrious scion of the house of Plowden of Plowden, the blushing honours and profits of which he might have been allowed to wear undisputed. But it seems Mr. Plowden, valuing more the advantages of a local habitation and name, has been in several parts of the colony imposing himself on the credulous as a cousin of His Excellency the Governor, whose guest he represents himself to be, though he has for a time forsaken Government House to travel among and enjoy the beauties of Tasmanian scenery. This distinguished visitor is said not to be above asking for and accepting more substantial assistance than hospitality from those who are dazzled by being allowed to entertain an aristocrat. It grieves us to be obliged to state that whatever or whoever Mr. Plowden is, we are authorised to say that he is no relation whatever to His Excellency, and was never a guest at Government House. ! Sanitary Reformers Hobart Town has not the honour of possessing a Board of Health, might we direct the attention of the City Council and the Health Officer to what is being done elsewhere. Somewhere in Australia there is a place called Queensland, and in this same Queensland is a township named Maryborough, which was proclaimed a municipality so lately as March, 1801. Its population is but some 3,512. Yet young as it is, and not crowded with population, it has a Board of Health, and that Board of Health has, singular to say, in regard to a public body, some pretty distinct idea that the public health is deserving consideration, and, more singular still, that the possession of certain powers for the public good, means the exercise of these powers. The Board of Health in Maryborough instead of as the City Council is doing in Hobart Town, thwarting the - Health Officer has Bet itte f energetically to purify the township from disease generating causes. A notice has been served on the occupiers or owners of the tenements and premises within certain boundaries that they must " forthwith empty the privy cesspits thereon, fill in the same with fresh earth, and substitute therefor earth closets or watertight cesspits according to the plan or design approved by the Central Board of Health." Failing compliance, the penalties of a certain Act of Parliament are intimated. Has the City Council of Hobart Town the pluck to make owners of property do what is necessary to the public health ? j Disturbance in Liverpool-street The habitues of Liverpool-street were last evening treated to one of those spectacles which are of too common occurrence. A young girl of ill repute was arrested by a constable for disorderly behaviour ; but, as usual with many of her class, she tried to create sympathy in her behalf by refusing to go to the watchhouse, and alleging that the constable was hurting her. For some time she lay on the ground, and the constable, at terhavingexhausted alibis efforts to get her to accompany him, then waited patiently for some time till assistance came. One portion of the crowd surrounded her, while another portion found great amusement in watching the odd gesticulations and incoherent remarks of a half demented woman, very scantily dressed, and presenting the most pitiable appearance it is possible to conceive. For a considerable time no other constable than the one who had the girl in charge was on the spot, whilethestreet was completely blocked up by such a mixed congregation of persons as can at any time at night be found in Liverpool street. At last four or five constables appeared on the scene at once, and the girl was marched away, but no attempt was made to apprehend the woman, although the attention of two of the constables was drawn to her unseemly behaviour. She was not, however, destined to remain free. Following the crowd down the street, she resumed her antics, whereupon she was seized by the constables, and taken off amid the plaudits of a very rough assemblage. The two disturbers will answer for their conduct before the City Court this morning. City Council The business transacted at the meeting of the City Council yesterday was not of a very important nature. The committees' reports dealt with were purely local. The several tenders for the ensuing year were accepted, and a memorandum on the watering of the public streets, from the Director of Waterworks, was laid before the meeting, and will be perused by the tax-paying portion of the community with some degree of interest. At its rising the Council adjourned for a fortnight. The Hospital. This institution is perpetually cropping up in some way that proper management should render impossible. Yesterday a lady called to see a patient, and was so struck with the condition of the bedding that she took a blanket to an officer of the institution, and, pointing out its thin and Foley condition, asked if that was a fit covering for a human being instead of redress, she got snubbed, and was told that neither she nor anyone else would be allowed to interfere with his duties. The lady was not to be deterred from what she considered her duty to the suffering, and carried off the blanket for the inspection of a member of the Ministry. She had better have taken it to Mr. P. T. Smith. New Legal Firmstone advertising columns to-day contains legal notification signed by a new firm, that of " Dobson and Mitchell. Mr. Dobson has been for years a solicitor in flourishing practice and Mr. Mitchell has, for nearly all that period, been his managing clerk. Both gentlemen are to be congratulated on their new connection. St. Patrn k's Society. At the annual general meeting of the above society, held on Thursday evening last, the following officers were unanimously elected for the ensuing year :-President : Robert Fitzgerald, Esq. (re-elected for the sixth time, ; Vice-President: Stephen Sheehy, Esq. (re-elected for the sixth time) ; Trustees : Messrs. Molloy, McLoughlin, P. O'Shea ; Board of Management : Messrs. Molloy, O'Slioa, McLoughlin, McInnerney, Murray, Maher, Harry, Benson, Dalton, Gleeson, Vale, and O'Donoghue; Investment Committee: Messrs. Vale, P. O'Shea, and M. J. Hoare. At a meeting of the board of management held afterwards, Messrs John Gleeson and M. J. Hoare were unanimously re-elected' treasurer and secretary we spectively. The Marionettes The Marionettes drew a large house last evening at the Theatre Royal, every part of the building being well filled. The performance went off as smoothly as ever, and the audience showed their appreciation by frequently applauding the various portions of it. The Bones and Tambo in the first part gave a new lot of jokes and conundrums, all of which were particularly witty. The Bales in the Wood was Bplendklly presented, the figures of the heavy villains" being especially well worked. The effects produced by the lime-light upon the beautiful scenery were grand, and the birds, snakes, etc., caused exclamations of wonder from many of the audience. The " Dancing Skeleton" is a new feature in the entertainment, and is a marvellous piece of mechanism well managed. The figure, as its name denotes, represents that of a human skeleton, which, when first introduced, goes through a grotesque dance, in the middle of which its limbs and head part from the trunk and continue dancing with the music, the head moving round the trunk. The disconnected parts become replaced in a moment, and the figure resumes its ghost-like movements. It is hardly necessary to add that the applause, both during and after the exhibition of this figure, was very loud. A comical act, entitled " Old Mother Shipton," was provocative of great merriment. The performance concluded with the almost ever- green pantomine of Red Riding Hood and the, har- required. The power of attraction of the entertainment shows no abatement, and it will, no doubt, continue to draw good houses until the termination of the season. Regatta Committeb.-A meeting of the members of the Hobart Town Regatta Committee, was held last evening in the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Argyle street. The following gentlemen were present : Messrs. Dowdell, (chairman), Risby, Davies, O'Boyle, Clarke, Gill, Hayle, and Buckland. The hon. secretary reported that he had written to the Colonial Secretary, asking that the public offices be closed on the regatta day to the Minister of Lands for the use of the regatta ground and to the Town Clerk for the use of the cattle jetties belonging to the Corporation. He had received replies from the Colonial Secretary and the Minister of Lands, acceding to the requests. It was resolved that the committee booth be let to Mrs. McLaren,' of the Telegraph Hotel, on the usual terms and that tenders for seven other licensed victuallers booths, for laying buoys, erecting stands, seats, . etc., on the ground, and that applications for the post of pavilion keeper, be received up to Thursday night next. It was also decided that a flotilla will take place, as usual, on the morning of the regatta day and that it start from the Prince's Steps. The various sub-committees for carrying out arrangements in connection with the regatta were then appointed. The question of funds was gone into, and the meeting decided to make an active canvas to collect the requisite subscriptions. The meeting adjourned to Thursday evening next. Our advertising columns invite the necessary tenders. The Flower Show The flower show in connection with the Tasmanian Agricultural, Horticultural, and Pastoral Association, which will be held at the Town Hall on Thursday and Friday next, promises to be a thorough success. The committee are working with unremitting zeal, and the desire on the part of several well- known floriculturists to aid their efforts augurs well for the excellence and variety of the forthcoming exhibition. We believe the display on the part of amateurs will surpass that of many previous shows. Intending exhibitors are again reminded that exhibits will be removed to and from the Town Hall by giving notice to the secretary not later than this day. The Midland Agricultural Associations. The Midland Agricultural Association, long one of the most successful and enterprising of agricultural bodies, has taken a bold step in the right direction, for it is one likely to give a continued impetus to competition. At the meeting of the association, held at Campbell Town on the 5th what, it was resolved that ten champion cups he offered for competition at the next exhibition of the society ; the cups to be won three times by the same exhibitor before becoming his absolute property. At the close of the meeting a subscription list was started for funds to purchase the cups, when the members present put down their names for £172 10s. ; not a bad beginning. At the same meeting other additions were made to the society's schedule of prizes. Quarterly Diary. We have received a copy of Sands and McDougall's Red Letter Quarterly Diary for from January to March inclusive. It 8 invalu- able to the person making memoranda in'pocket space, besides containing much useful information. Pontville At a meeting of members of the Church of England residing within the district of Pontville, held in St. Mark's Church on' Saturday last, F. G. Page and Wm. Lamprill, Esqs., were chosen by the seatholders, and J. J. Butler, Esq., appointed by the chaplain, as churchwardens and trustees for the current year. It was also voted that pew-rents should not be collected for the present year, but that, in lieu thereof, subscriptions should be called for to meet the church expenses. It was also agreed that there should be a general canvass through the district to ascertain what amount can be raised on account of that portion of the minister's stipend which the district will henceforth be required to supply. Clarence and Muddy Plains Racks. At a meeting of the committee of the Clarence and Muddy Plains races, held on Saturday last at Rokeby, Mr. A. Morrisby, the hon. secretary, reported that Mr. J. E Risby, of Hobart Town, had promised to supply, gratis, sufficient timber to construct the hurdles required on the course. The committee gratefully acknowledged Mr. Kiaby's liberality. Kesumitiox ok School Duties. Duty will be resumed at the undermentioned schools on the dates specified High School, Thursday, 27th Inst. ; Robert Town Ladies' College, Thursday, 27th list. ; Battery Point School, Monday, 24th inst. Trinity Hill public school, Monday, 24th inst. ; Mrs. E. G. Cox's School, New Town, Monday, January 17th. Valedictory Tea Meeting to the Hon. S. D., Hastings farewell tea meeting will be given to the Hon. S. D. Hastings, at the Mechanics' Institute, at 7 o'clock this evening. Good Templars. The' usual weekly meeting of the Sunrise Lodge will be omitted this evening, in order to afford members an opportunity of attending the complimentary farewell tea meeting to the Hon. S. D. Hastings. Wesleyan Church, New Town public meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Sabbath Schools, New Town, will be held at half-past 7 o'clock this evening. The Rev. J. W. Crisp, as well as several other ministers and friends, will deliver addresses. The Benevolent Society. The quarterly meet- ing of the general committee will be held at 7.30 this evening. Resident ministers of all denomina- tions are invited to attend. Licensed Victuallers' Association.-The first quarterly general meeting of the association will be held at Currie's Club Hotel, Murray-street, at 8 o'clock this evening. Bank of Van Diemen's Land general meeting of the shareholders in this bank was held yesterday, at the banking-house, Macquarie-street, when a dividend of 6 per cent, for the last half year was declared. Board of Education A meeting of the Board was held yesterday afternoon, but as he was informed the only business was the further consideration of the rules in committee, our reporter was not admitted. Important to Sportsmen To-day the shooting season commences for wild duck, teal, widgeon, plover, emu, black swan, ground dove, and Cape 'Barren goose. Tenders for Public Service. Tenders, accompanied with samples, for the supply of about 8,00011)3. of congou ration tea, will be received at the office of stores, until noon 24th Inst. Particulars are announced in another column. insufficiently Stamped. Colin Pitt, Esq., : George-street, Sydney ; Mr. J. S regatta, Sydney. Mission to the Islands, in the Straits, The Chronicle of yesterday reports The Rev. Canon Brownrigg left here a few days ago in the mission schooner Kate for a cruise amongst the Straits islands, but he is still Mind and weather bound at George Town. His Lordship Bishop Bromby is to be landed from the s.s. Southern Cross at Goose Island, where the Rev. Canon Brownrigg is to meet him, and they will then pay the islands a visit. Bishop Nixon after he visited the islands published an interesting narrative of the events, entitled 'The Cruise of the Beacon,' The work was ably illustrated from sketches of bold and beautiful scenery by the Bishop." . Singular Occurrence. Mrs. Brown, of Bridge- north, West Tamar, came into town on Saturday, says the Chronicle of yesterday, to obtain medical treatment for a severe sprain of her right ankle. She called on Dr. Mason, and while there mentioned that she was troubled with a continual gnawing pain in her left arm, between the shoulder and elbow. Dr. Mason examined the arm, and to Mrs. Brown's astonishment extracted from it a good sized needle, blackened and almost rusty with long detention in the arm. Mrs, Brown was not the faintest recollection of how or when the needle got into her arm. New South Wales Cricket Association.-The Sydney Herald of the 4th instant reports : " The usual weekly meeting of the committee of the New South Wales Cricket Association was held at Tattersall's Hotel, yesterday evening, Mr. R. Driver presiding. There was a more than usually large attendance of members. Before the regular proceedings were begun, the chairman called the attention of the committee to a paragraph which appeared in yesterday's Echo (being an extract from one of the Mel- bon ruo papers), to the effect that a Sydney speculator had attempted to induce our men, while playing at Melbourne, to allow the Victorians to save a one innings defeat. He commented very severely upon the circumstance, which, if true, he said, should he immediately followed by whatever punishment they could inflict and he urged that a sub-committee should be at once appointed to make inquiry into the matter. A sub-committee was immediately formed, consisting of Messrs. B. Driver, M. H. Stephen, and W. Crane, to make inquiry and report to the Association," Tin: Bohemian Cricket Club Yesterday the hon. secretary to the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association received a letter from Mr. H. R, Hogg, hon. secretary to the Bohemian Cricket Club, dated from Melbourne, intimating that the proposed visit of the Bohemians to Tasmania would be later than had at first been intended. Arrangements had been made by the Club to play at Launceston on Thursday, the 31st of January, and to leave that town on the following Wednesday or Thursday, and to play at Hobart Town on Friday and Saturday, the 4th and 5th of February. The Cricket Match with Ballarat. Mr. J. G. Davies, the hon. secretary to the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association, yesterday received a letter from Mr. John Bryce, hon. secretary to the Ballarat Cricket Club, in explanation of the fiasco respecting a proposed match with a Ballarat team. Mr. Bryce, in acknowledging the receipt of Mr. Davies'' letter on the subject, intimated that at a meeting of the Ballarat Club, held on the 4th inst., the committee, individually and as a body, expressed in strong terms their disapproval of Mr. W. Hogg's action in the matter, and desired to express their regret that any member of the committee should have taken on himself to six dates for matches' without the sanction of the committee. Mr. Bryce had been instructed by the committee to demand an explanation from Mr. Hogg. Mr. Bryce, on behalf of the committee, also intimated that it was not probable the club would be able to send a team to Tasmania this season. With reference to the dispute over the projected match, Mr. Bryce forwarded the following statement to the Ballarat Courier,' which was published in due course in that journal :- , " Early in the season, I wrote to the secretary of the Tasmanian Cricketing Association, informing him that in the event of our sports proving a success (which I am sorry to say they have not), we would send a team over early in February. Subsequently, Mr. W. Hogg, with two others of the committee, pressed for a team to be sent over at Christmas, undertaking to get a team together. He was informed, if he could get sufficient names to be approved of by the committee, the club would let' : the team go and then only on condition that they paid half their own fare, Mr. Hogg failed to get a l team together, so the matter was allowed to drop, and it was only on Sunday I learnt from a letter I received from the secretary of the Tasmanian Cricket Association that Mr. Hogg had fixed dates,' for matches in Launceston at Christmas time, and" Hobart Town at New Year's time Mr. Hogg, in his letter to them, stated that he had been deputed by the committee to make these matches. This I distinctly deny. He was only empowered to do what I have already stated. It was presumptuous on his part to fix dates without telling the com- '. mittee or myself. The Tasmanian secretary wrote - to Mr. Hogg, stating that the association *Viad agreed to play on the dates fixed in his letter, and to this letter Mr. Hogg had not the courtesy to reply. Consequently the association feels highly indignant. The secretary also states that had Mr.. Hogg not stated that he was deputed by the B.C.C. committee to arrange these matches they would have treated the communication as a private matter. I, along with the committee, feel very much , annoyed that such a thing should have occurred. I shall write, after our meeting to-morrow, to Launceston and Hobart Town explaining matters. Had I known that such arrangements had been made, I should certainly have couutoiuiandcd Mr. Hogg's letter." Another Jockey Disqualified Only on Friday last we referred to the disqualification of Mr. P. Dowling and his jockey Rawlings, and we have now to record another disgrace to the turf, the delinquent being Sam Cracknell, the popular light- weight of Victoria. Cracknell will be remembered as having ridden in several races atElwicklastyear,'. his principal mount being Edith, in the Hobart Town Cup, for which race he gained second honours We are sorry to see good men like Cracknell disgrace themselves by helping to deliberately swindle the public, but if jockeys will so far forget themselves, they deserve that worst of punishments to the disqualificatio. These "understandings" between jockeys and a certain class of individuals will never be put a stop to until the harsh measure of preventing jockeys even from belonging to stables is resorted to, and in cases where owners enter a horse for any event, should it become known that a jockey is even allowed to groom such horse, the latter should be disqualified. Some such measure as this would soon put an end to the disgraceful proceedings now being carried on at the different race meetings in the colonies. We hope the cases of Rawlings and Cracknell, will act as a warning to' riders at the forthcoming meet at Elwick, and we sincerely trust the stewards will keep their eyes open, and put down any attempt at swindling which may be observed. "Falcon," in the Leader of the 8th Inst., thus refers to the Cracknell affair :-" Another case of disqualification is that of Cracknell, who rode Defiance and won with him at Wyndham. The Victoria Racing Club have suspended him from riding for 12 months, for receiving a hat or cap on his return to the scale to be weighed in and very justly so to. An old rider like Cracknell cannot plead ignorance to the following rule, No- 33, which says : ' Any jockey receiving from any person any article, however trifling, at, any time after the start for the race, and until such jockey shall have been weighed, although He may have dropped the same previous to being weighed shall be disqualified, c.' Now this act of Cruckuell's lost the owner of Defiance the stake, and considerable amount in bets also. Perhaps he is a hundred pounds out instead of being two hundred and fifty in pocket, all through his rider wilfully disobeying a rule. Now, will anybody believe that Cracknell did not know what he was doing at the time, and what the penalty was, Absurd. There is a gentleman's money sacrificed by a wilful action, and all the compensation he gets is the knowledge that he cannot commit a like offence for a certain period. The stewards were rather premature in adjudicating upon this case, they should have given the owner of Defiance notice that they were going to entertain it, and allowed that gentleman to have been present. I understand that the owner is going to request that the case be reopened, so that he can adduce some additional facts, in which case the V.R.C. will be bound to accede to his request." The Cyclops "Pulling" Affair. The Argus' reports:-" The, stewards of, the, Victoria Racing Club have been holding an inquiry concerning the pulling of Cyclops in the race for the £100 Plate at the New Year's Day meeting. The investigation, was held at the instance of the father of Rawlings, the jockey of Cyclops. He is a respectable man,' residing at Smythesdale, and on learning what they occurred, removed his boy from Mr. Dowling's establishment, and requested that an inquiry might be held. The stewards met on Tuesday, when Rawlings stated that he had ridden according to instructions received from Mr. Dowling, who told him he was not to win. This statement was strongly denied by Mr. Dowling, who accused the, boy of pulling a horse at Kyneton which had been placed in Mr. Dowling's stable by the owner, rawlings declared this statement to be without foundation. Evidence was taken respecting the instructions given to the jockey Rawlings by Mr. Philip Dowling, the trainer of the horse. The stewards, after careful consideration, delivered their decision to Mr. Bagot, to be forwarded to Mr. Dowling, and until this has been received by the person interested no information will be given by the secretary of the WRAC- It is understood, however, that Mr. P. Dowling has been disqualified without any time being named Mr Dowling has for many years trained and raced horses in Victoria under the name of Mr. P. Lewis. The backers of the horse Cyclops are much dissatis-, (red, and it is generally thought that where a swindle' has been fairly proved all bets should be declared off. Such a step would probably have the effect of stopping any members of the ring from being implicated in any similar arrangement for t is of future. The eagerness with which some bookmakers tried to bet against the horse Cyclops in this race has been very freely commented on." Pleasure Trip from Melbourne to donate. Towns' Augur," in last Saturday's 'iA witralasiq'q Bays ;-" Mr. Bagot's pleasure trip to Hobart Town during the race week less been finally arranged, and) I believe that the fine steamer Barrabool has been chartered for the purpose It is proposed that the steamer shall start from Melbourne on Saturday, the 5th of February, and arrive in Hobart Town on Monday, the 7th. Tuesday will be devoted to a trip down D'Entrecasteaux Channel, and on Wednesday the Barrabool will steam up the beautiful Derwent, and anchor within a few yards of the course Those who do not care to see the second day's racing can enjoy another trip down the river and on Saturday, the 12th, the Barrabool will leave for Melbourne, arriving here on Monday the 14th. During the time of her stay in Hobart Town the excursionists can, if they please, live on board, so that there need not be any fear of a scarcity of accommodation. Such a chance of enjoying a week's holiday does not often happen, and I'm not surprised to hear that the enterprising manager of the affair has already placed half of the tickets.'! . "Tick Rev. T. D. Warner.- The following clipping from the JirUhifiie Courier of 22nd December will interest the many friends of Mr. Warner in this colony : " Yesterday being St. Thomas' Day, an ordination service and celebration of Holy Communion were held at St. John's pro-cathedral, at eleven o'clock in the morning. The Rev Thomas Davenport Warner, incumbent of Roma, was ordained to the priesthood by the Bishop of the diocese. Morning prayer was read by the Rev. J. Sutton, Archdeacon Glennie reading the epistle for the day, and the Rev. Mr. Warner the gospel. The "Veni Creator Spiritus" was sung by the choir and congregation, kneeling. At the conclusion of the source, a discourse was delivered by the Bishop, who took as his text Matthew ix., 30, 37, and 38. We are informed that previous to his ordination to the priesthood, Mr. Warner was the only deacon in the diocese." 