HORRIBLE TRAGEDY IN MEL BOURNE. One of those shocking occurrences which occasionally horrify society was enacted in the heart of the oity on Friday. Shortly after 3 o'clock two loud reports in quick succession were heard in the neighbourhood of a cottage, 134, Flinders-lane east, and a crowd quickly col lected. The constable on duty at once burst open the door of the house, and on entering a bedroom oif the passage saw a shocking sight. The room was full of smoke, and dlrnTy seen were the bodies of a man and woman lying on the bed. The sheets and blankets were covered with blood, which was ponring in a stream on to the floor. The constable turned the body of the man over, and then made the disoovery that more than one-half of. the head was blown completely off. On the floor was found a re cently - discharged six - chambered revolver, covered with blood and brains. The woman was found to be unconscious, and bleeding pro ftiselv from a gunshot wound in the right temple. She was promptly removed to the Hospital, where, after a-short time, she re covered sufficiently to narrate the circumstances attendant 011 the affair. Deceased, whose name was John Mankiwicy, was a Prussian by birth, and at the time of his death had just passed his forty- second year. Exactly a year ago on Friday he married the woman, Alice Buckly, and since that time he appears to have led a nomadic sort of existence, being chiefly sup ported by his wife. Although she led a ques tionable life he appeared to be inordinately fond of her, and at times was overcome by fits of jealous rage, during which he made threats of violence if he found proofs of her faithlessness. Lately he had ill-treated her, and this caused a separation. She still retained possession of the house, however, and he visited her at short in tervals. _ During the past week he was reduced to pawning his clothes, and on Friday*morning his wife gave hitn a sovereign to relieve his wants, at the same time telling him to take his overcoat out of pawn. He then left, and nothing more was heard of him until about 6 o'clock in the evening, when he returned and knocked at the door. A little boy, about seven years of age, opened the door, an.l he asked for his wife, who was dressing in the bedroom. TIip child called out that a gentleman wanted to J see her, and he then opened the door and walked ' in. His wife was in the act of putting on her dress, and advanced to meet him, hut he turned round and locke i the door. She was somewhat alarmed by his manner, and asked him what was the matter. He caught her by the arm, Mid shouted out, " Here is your money," at the Fame same time throwing some diver on the bed. She struggled to get free, and he struck her on the face, and threw her on the bed, saying, " We have been married twelve months to-day, and will have an end of it." Putting his hand into one of his pockets, he pulled out a revolver, and before she could get out of the way, fired it point-blank at her head. After this she remembered nothing more until she recovered at the hospital. The woman escaped with slight injury, the side of her face being scorched with the ex plosion, which caused the bluod to flow. It is supposed that the chamber which was fired at her was loaded only with powder. Finding that she fell down insensible, he imagined that his purpose had been effected, and he then deliberately put the pistol into his mouth, the result being that the whole of one side of the head was carried clean away. The walls, floor, and bed were spattered over with blood and brains, and the corpse, as found by the con stable, presented a sickening sight. A letter, which was found on the righthand side of the body, showed plainly that deceased had contem plated the murder of his wife and subsequent suicide. The letter was of an extraordinary character, containing charges against his wife, couched in a tone of raving, and intimating his intention of blowing out his brains before her, so that his " mangled carcase " might ever be in her sight, and his ghost misht, if possible, return, and drive her to madness. The inquest on the body of the unfortunate man was held by Dr. Youl on Saturday, at the Galway Arms Hotel. From the tragic sur roundings of the suicide considerable interest was manifested in the proceedings, and while the inquest lasted a crowd of eager and ex pectant neighbours blockaded every passage leading to the room. The wife of deceased was the first witness examined, and she gave her evidence without displaying that nervousness or agitation naturally to be expected under the circumstances. Although the fact did not transpire at the inquest, it is asserted that she was drasged out of the river fourteen months since, after a futile attempt to commit suicide. In effecting her rescue one man lost his life, and a second had a narrow escape. On her appearance in Court to answer the charge of at tempting suicide she was seen by the man Mankiwicy, who conceived a sudden and violent passion for her, which ended in the marriage which has just terminated in such a terrible manner. The woman herself is tolerably good looking, rather inclined to embonpoint, and over such a man as deceased would appear to have teen ahe must have exercised a fascination. eWdenCe'117™ 8hown ^at deceased was fully cognizant of the immorality of his wife, and although a majority of the Jury ruled that that he died by his own hand while of sound mind, it is evident that he suffered from a species of morbid passion or excess of senti mentality, which oftentimes carried him j himself. W eekly Times. The Leader of the 94th inst. states that the unfortunate woman, Alice Mankiwicy, who has already been the cause of two men losing their lives, was brought before the City Court on Monday, charged with threatening to take her own life. A Mr. Day, who had charge of the house in Flinders-lane where the woman lived, gave ber in custody on Saturday night, in con sequence of the determination she expressed of ending her existence. She said she had no in tention of doing violence to herself, and the Bench remanded her for medical enquiry. 