Miscellanea. THE BISHOP OF MELBOUENE ON ' HOLINESS.' The subject of ' Holiness and The Higher Christian Life ' having occupied much attention of late, we have much pleasure in giving our readers an interesting paper upon the subject — read by the Lord Bishop at the Islington Clerical Meeting : — The Bishop of Melbourne, who followed Canon Con way, said : — When we speak of the sanctity of the church, it must be' understood that we intend thereby, not the whole multitude of baptised persons, who may not improperly be called in one sense the church, but only the ' very members incorporated in the mystical body' of Christ, ' which is the blessed company of all faithful people.' The church or.wnicn we speaK is tnat ?? Jaojy uatnonc unurcu, in wnicn unrist should present to Himself ' a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle, or any such thing,' but ' holy and without blemish.' All the members of this church have been baptised into it by the Holy Spirit, and thereby created after the image of God ' in righteousness and true holiness.' They are all saints, i.e., holy persons. We may therefore properly speak of ' the sanctity of the church,' and, \- taking this for our subject, proceed to consider ' the teaching of the Scripture on the nature and development of true holiness.' First, as to the nature of true holiness. The Hebrew word, which in the Old Testament is rendered '? holy,' primarily signifies, accord ing to Gesenius, pure or clean. ??' ^ . In the New Testament two Greek words, &710S and 6-nosj are simi larly rendered. :? The former, ayios, as Canon Hoare in his admirable little volume on Sanctification has pointed out, in its primary sense.denotes sepa rated unto, and it, or one of its derivatives, is most generally that which is rendered in our version ' holy' or ' holiness,' and always that which is rendered ' saints,' ' sanctify,' ' sanctification.' The latter word 6-rios, and the noun oa-iorijs, seldom occur : the noun, so far as I remember, only twice, and in both places in con nexion with diKaioo-dvr}, in Luke i. 75, of the result of Christ's coming to his people, that they should ' serve Him without fear, in holiness and righteousness ; and in Eph. iv. 24, of ' the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness.' Its original meaning appears to me uncertain. In the passages just quoted^ it is usually considered to denote piety toward God. As, however, b-nos, as well as ayios is applied to God Himself in Eev. xv. 4, and according to the generally received reading in xvi. 5, and as it is used also of Christ in St. Peter and St. Paul's quotation in Acts ii. 27. and xiii. 35, from Psalm xvi., ' thine holy one,' I do not think that we can draw any clear distinction between' the two words, and I shall not, in considering 'the nature of true holiness,' .-ittempt to do'so. ' ' I. Assuming then that' 'holiness' has the same signification throughout the ? Scriptures, I would first observe that it is always in them declared to be a distinctive characteristic of God (Exod. xv. 11; Is. vi. 6, &c;), and that it implies the combination in God of every moral excellence, and the absence of all moral evil. ' God is light and in Him is no darkness at all,' is the saying of the apostle. God is in' Himself essentially holy. Holiness belongs to1 His nature, apart from and independently of His works. But it manifests itself in them, and so He is said by the Psalmist to be ' Holy in all His works.' It manifests itself in the exercise of His various attributes — His benevolence, His righteousness, His truth, His abhor rence of iniquity, His tender mercy. That He is ' love,' and that He is ' a consuming fire,' are each an evidence, or perhaps I should rather say a necessary result, of His holiness. I would therefore observe, secondly, that, as ' the new man,' i.e., the spiritual nature, which every member of the church we are speaking of receives at his new birth, is created after God 'in true holiness,' this holiness must consist in an inward resemblance to God. It is inherent in the Christian — a state of heart, and not a mode of life. Hence we meet with such continual references in the Scriptures to the character of the heart as a 'perfect heart,' a 'pure heart,' a ' heart right with God,' &c.; And the injunction of the wise man is, 'Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life. ' To be holy is to be like God in our thoughts, desires, affections, and all our dispositions ; to be free from impure and covetous incli nations, from the feeling of envy or personal anger, and from the risings of pride and vanity. But, while holiness does not consist in, it will necessarily manifest itself by, a certain mode of life ; and so we may not improperly speak of ' holiness of life,' meaning thereby such a life as is indicative of the holiness which is in the heart. Where there is true holiness there must be exhibited in the outward . vAmvuiouiiuii — i/iuouj.uuie&s;, upuguiriiess,. ucucvuitJLiut;, iiujjj- su.u.isriiijj, gentleness, and all other virtues. But these do not necessarily prove the existence of true holiness. In general they arc evidences of it, and may always be so regarded by us in our judgment of others ; but we must not depend upon them in our judgment of ourselves. We must habitually look within, and trace out the motives by which we are actuated, and the feelings which are stirred up in our bosoms, before we are satisfied that our various good qualities are fruits of the Spirit given to us by God. II. From the teaching of Scripture on the nature, I pass on to its teaching on the development of true holiness. Hereby I assume that there is such a development, and that the doctrine of a perfect holiness being implanted in any one, whether an infant or an adult, at baptism, has no foundation in the Word of God. (Cheers.) The promise connected with baptism is the remission of sins and the gift of the Holy Ghost ; but the writings of the apostles plainly teach us that, as there is a natural so also there is a spiritual infancy and a spiritual growth. In the heart of the unconscious babe, who has been truly baptised by the Holy Ghost, there is a new principle of spiritual life ; but there remains also the corruption of nature inherent from Adam ; and it is in the conflict between these two, the spirit and the flesh, that true holiness is developed. Throughout this conflict the Christian ought always to be going on towards a perfection which he can never in this life attain unto. jlo assert tnai any living -man nas acquireu perieoi iiuiuiess, appears to me as plainly contrary to Scripture as that any one was made per fectly holy at baptism. There is no word, as far as I know, to be found in Scripture which in any degree appears to support this doctrine, unless it be the sayings of St. John in his first Epistle, in which he affirms that 'whosoever is born of God sinneth not'; but these, if interpreted literally, affirm the perfect holiness, not only of a few eminent saints, but of all true Christians, which no one would venture to maintain. On the other hand, not to insist upon St. Paul's declaration in Eom. vii. of his own inability to do the good that he would, his acknowledgment in Phil. iii. of not being perfect, and his description in Gal. v. of the conflict in believers, lies between the flesh and the spirit. Not to insist on these particular passages, about the interpretation of which there may be a difference of opinion, I would remark that, throughout the Epistles, the discipies are continu ually exhorted to aim at a higher standard of holiness. Their increase in faith and love and spiritual wisdom and good works is the constant subject of the Apostle Paul's thanksgivings and prayers on behalf of the various churches to whom he wrote. Never does he intimate the possibility of any Christian attaining to a point beyond which he would not need to advance farther. (Hear, hear.) I do not hesitate, therefore, to affirm the teaching of the Scripture to be that every true Christian should always endeavour to rise to a higher standing-point than that which he has already attained ; oftai- +I10 ovomnlo nf Kfc Pnnl ' fnvcrpf finer t/hnsp tVlinrrs ivllip.li arfi behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before.' In this spiritual progress of the believer there may be seasons in which he is enabled, by the power of the Holy Spirit, to make, as it were, a sudden leap. The eyes of his understanding may be suddenly enlightened, so that he knows as he never knew before ' what is the hope of the calling of God,' and what the riches of the glory of God's inheritance in the saints, and what is the exceeding greatness of God's power in them that believe. At the same time his affections may be called forth as they never were before towards his Lord and God, and he may feel constrained to consecrate himself as he had never previously done to the service of his Divine Master. Seasons of this kind may undoubtedly occur in the spiritual life, and at them men may be said to pass from a lower to a higher state of that life. But the Scripture does not warrant us in saying that at such a season a man passes from 'the lower' into 'the higher Christian life.' (Hear, hear.) The Bible nowhere draws the marked line of division which is implied in these terms between members of the church. It speaks, indeed, of 'babes in Christ,' and of 'them that are of full age :' but as between infancy and perfect manhood there is a con tinuous succession of intermediate steps, so between the spiritual babe and the mature spiritual man, Christians are 'to be found in every, stage of growth. Moreover, strictly speaking, n'o one can attain unto- complete spiritual manhood' while he remain's in the body, and there fore no matter how high he may, have' ascended, his motto must still be ' Up higher.' The Scripture, as I have remarked, teaches us 'that we should never cease advancing in holiness until the day of our departure out of this world is at hand. Then, but not until then, may one say with the apostle, ' I have fought the good fight, I have finished my course ; henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of glory.' It appears to me, therefore, unscriptural to use such a phrase as ' the higher life.' That at which we ought to aim ourselves, and exhort others to aim, is a continually higher life. In the subsequent growth, as in the first implanting of holiness in Ihe heart of man, the Spirit of God is the divine agent. From Him ' all holy desires, all good counsels, and nil just works do proceed.' He cleanses the thoughts of, and in all things directs and rules the hearts of the Lord's people. And as the gift of the Spirit for the new creation after the image of God was provided for them by Christ, so it is through their union with Christ by faith that they experience His continued influence upon their minds and hearts. It is only through their abiding in Christ by faith, and Christ abiding in them by His Spirit, that they can have their fruit uritd'holiness. Hence, holiness may rightly be said to be by, .or rather through, faith in Christ.' But to speak 'of holiness by faith' as though it were received in the same .manner as the righteousness which 'Christ has wrought out for us, and to contrast the endeavour to obtain it by struggling with the obtaining of it by trust, is not in accordance with the teach ing of Scripture. (Cheers.) The righteousness wrought out for us by Christ is offered freely to our acceptance, and' there needs only faith for iis to receive it. But the holiness without which no man shall see 'God is wrought, in : us by the Holy Spirit ; and that not independent, of, but in .combination with our own exer tions. In order that', he may make progress in holiness— nay. lest he should at last ' be a castaway' — the Christian must 'watch unto prayer,' must 'keep under his body and bring it into subjection,' must ' crucify the flesh, with the affec tions and lusts,' must ' put on the whole armour of God, so as to be able to stand against the wiles of the devil,' must ' work out his own salvation with fear and trembling.' This all requires, not only exer tion, but often very painful, self-denying exertion ; and what is that but1 struggling or striving ? And so the inspired author of Hebrews xii. 4, writes, ' Te have not yet resisted unto blood, striving against ..sin.' True it is that only by faith in Christ can the Christian carry ?on successfully the conflict with the world, the flesh and the devil ; for it is only by faith that we can' receive 'the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ' to 'work in him to will and to do.' Hence the apostle says, ' I can do all things through Christ, which strength en eth me ; ' and another apostle says, ' This is the victory that over cometh the world, even our faith.' What, therefore, the Scripture teaches is, that we are made holy, not by faith without struggling — still less by struggling without faith — but by struggling in faith ; striving in constant dependence upon the sanctifying influence of the Holy Spirit, given unto us through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ as the Redeemer, High Priest, and Head of the' Church, to perfect 'holiness in the fear of God.' In conclusion then, I would say, if we would be continually rising to a higher Christian life — that is, if we would be making constant progress in holiness — we must first of all' endeavour by prayer, by the reading of the Scriptures, and by meditation, to realise more and more distinctly and more and more practically our spiritual union with Christ; that He so dwelleth in us by His Spirit, as to make us to be, according to the saying of St. Paul, ' one Spirit.' This faith in Christ is the source of all spiritual strength. Secondly, remem bering that holiness consists in our own resemblance to God, or, I may say, to Christ, we must comtemplate the character of the God-man, and endeavour by the help of the Holy Spirit, to be sought by prayer, to acquire ' the mind which was in Christ Jesus.' We must sedu lously cultivate reverence and love toward God, trust in His fatherly care, and submission to His will. We must also be watchful to main tain an inward purity, a meekness of spirit, a charitable disposition, a freedom from envy, irritability, and all those evil passions which are natural to fallen man. Lastly, we must take pains — I purposely use this expression — we must take pains to exhibit our inward holi ness' in all our outward conduct. We must strive, by the help of the Holy Spirit, to be ' holy in all manner of conversation.' I need not mention the particulars in which holiness of life con sists, nor enlarge ujjon the watchfulness, self-denial, patience, and constant fervent prayer which are required for its manifestation. One observation only I would add, which I hope will not give offence to any of my brethren. There are two things which I regard as exercising at this time a very prejudicial influence upon the holiness of the evangelical clergy and of the people. The one is the habit of constantly talking amongst themselves upon controversial questions, which, however momentous, draw down the minds from high and heavenly things ; the other, and to this I very earnestly wish to direct attention, is the very general desire now shown to make divine service what is called 'cheerful' — that is, pleasant to the natural man ; whereas the desire of every minister ought to be to render it 'spiritual,' and. so pleasing unto God. I believe that these two matters require our serious consideration in order to the maintenance and growth of holiness in our beloved church in this land. Precipitation is acting without sufficient grounds of action. Youth is the peculiar season of precipitation : the young man's motto is 'Onward !' There is no snch effectual cure of this evil as experience, when a man is made to feel the effects of his precipitation both in body and mind, and God alone can thus bring a man acquainted with himself. There is a self-blindness in precipitation ; a precip itate man is at the time a blind man : That be far from theel said St. Peter: this shall not happen to thee : As the Lord liveth, said David, the man that hath done this shall surely die I 