THB CENTENNIAL CANTATA. Srom this hundred -terraced height Bight more large with Dobler light Binges down yon towering yeais ; Humble smiles aud lordlier tears Shine and fall, shine and fall. While old voices rise and call '?'TondfT where the to-and-fro Weltering of my JLong-Ago Moves about tbe moveless base Far below aw re&tiiig; place. Mayflower, Mayflower, siowiy hither flying Trembling. Westward o'er von balking sea. Hearts within ' Farewell cear England' sighing, Winds without, ' But dear in Tain' replying, GraV-lipii'd waves about 1 heo Fhnuted, crying ' Xo Ml shall not be.' Jamestown, ont of thee— Plymouth, thee, tiiee, Albany— Winte. dies, ' Te freeze ; away 1' Fever cries, ' Te burn ; away !'r Hauger- crie9, ' Ye starve ; away I' Vengeance cries, '* Your gruves sliall ctsy !' Then old Shapes and Masks of filings. Frames like l-Wtbs or clothpd like Kings— Ghosts of Goods onee fleshed and fair. Grown foul Bids in ^iitn air— V\ ar, and his most noisy lerds, Tosgued with lithe and poisoned sworie - Error, Terror, Bage and Crime, All in a wintry night ef tin.e Cried to roe from land and sea, 'Sol ThouBbaltnotbe!' Harkl Hugueuols -whispering ' \\-a,' In the dark, Furilens answering ' Yea' iu the dark) Yea, like an arrow thot true to his mark, Darts through th» tyrannous heart of Den's], Patience and Labour and solemn -souled Trial, Foiled, Mill bfginuiDg, Soiled, bur not sinning. Tail through the stertomns death of the night. Toil, when wild brother wars new dark tbe Light Toll, and foigiie, and kiss o'er, and repUght. K«w praise to Ood's ofl -granted grace. Now praise to Mau'« undaunted face. Despite tbe land, d&pite; theses, Iwas: lam : aud Ifliollbe— H 'w long. Good Angel, O how long P Bing me irom Heaven a man's own song ! 'Long as thine Art shall love true love. Long as tny 8cl»nce truth shall knoiv. Long as thine Ejgle harms no Dove, Long as thy law by law thai 1 grow. Long as thy God is God above, Thy brother every man below, Be long, dear land of a'l my love, . Thy name shall shine, thy fame shall glow.' O Huntc, from this Imlght. of time ray Word unfold ! In thy large signals all aim's hearts Man's Heart behold : Mld-henven unroll thy chords as friendly flags nnfurled. And nave the world's best lover's welcome to the world. We learn from the Wtlcanmn Times that rain has fallen generally in tbe back country. Loutu, Oobar, and the country between the Cobar mines and the Lachlun, have been favoured with about three days' steady bnt gentle rain. Many of thetcreeka, however, are still dry. - ,t The determination of threescore and- ten years as the allotted period' of human existence is (says /ran) doubtless in a considerable degree owing to that period having been adopted by the Boyal psalmist; bat modern «o;ence, while it has paa'poned somewhat the average termination, has .also still more largely pro longed tbe hypothetical duration of life. Flourene, reaaoningf rom the time required for the fall physical development of a human being, as compared with that taken by other animals, fixes the natural limit at 100 yean, «nd this is also Uie period fixed by Dr.. Fair as man's Datura! death-time, although at present he finds, as the result of ten yearn, approximately accurate and complete registration that this limit is scarcely reached by one English child in a hundred thousand. In some districts, of which the town of Liverpool is an excep tional example, the proportion is much below this. In tus, However, as in many otner respects, we are tar in advance of our ancestors. The early English poets fix the appearance of tbe signs of approaching senility much earlier tlron we are now accustomed to notice them, and Dr. Fan ^howB that while two hundred years ago tiie mortality of Ijondon wae about 8 per cent, and onehundred yean afterwards five per cent, it is cow only 2'i per cent. .And there is good reason to believe that it may be still further reduced— very much of the existing mortality depending upon prerentible flauses,BUch as impure air and impure water, negligence on railways, on shipboard, in njines, in street police, and in many other ways. What is also of almost equal im portance isthe fact that any decrease in the mortality from these causes will be necessarily accompanied by the absenne of disease, and an increase to survivors of that gooi health without which length of days is scarcely a booB. Tbe economical result* will be bo less important. Disability from sickBess is a1 source ot pecuniary lots notonly to the sufferer bat to the entire community ; while the longer old net, that one in curable malady, can beataved off, so much will be gained for when tho season of effec'ivfl work is over, the indi vidual in ceasing to contribute to the general wealth, becomes a pensioner upon it. Thun, according to Dr. Parr, tiie Norfolk agricultural labourer, worth £5 at his birth aud reaching at the age of twenty-five years bis maximum value of £246, sinks ateisMjr to £41! minus. \:'_;. ? ? . „?'?'''''?? 