NEWS OF THE DAY. To-day and yesterday citizens of Mel bourne were unpleasantly reminded of the coming summer. The dust' fiend stalked through the eity to the annoyance of the in habitants, and tho serious loss of shopkeepers. On all sides rose tho question, " When will the City Council commence to water the streets ?" The usual Vice-regal hall in celebration of Her Majesty's Birthday, was given by his Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen, ast evening. This being the first ball given in the new Government House, it hns been looked forward to with unusual interest by "society" in general. The arrange ments were excellent, and the whole affair, notwithstanding the large num ber of persons present, passed off success fully. The toilettes of the ladies were un usually varied and magnificent. Notwith standing tho impediment to locomotion presented by the tight "pull back'' dresses, now so fashionable, dancing was kept up with spirit until an early hour this morning. Tho State rooms were thrown open, and formed agreeable lounges for those who came to see, ;and not to dance. Whist partners were numerous, and the bill liard' room was well patronised by that numerous class of individuals, always well represented on State occasions, who vote- exertion of any kind a bore. Arguments were heard in the Supreme Conrt to-day, on a rulo nisi to set aside a nonsuit in the case of Woodhouse v. the Melbourne and Hobson's BayUnited Railway Company, and to enter a verdict for the plain tiff. The plaintiff was employed as a shipping clerk, and while superin- tending: the discharging of a vessel at the Sandridge railway pier, on behalf of the agents of the ship, a ease of marble slabs fell upon him in a truck, . and he received some serious injuries. At the trial, the plaintiff was nonsuited; on the ground that no negligence on., the part of. the railway company had bcon shown, but leave was reserved to the plaintiff to move the Full Court to enter a verdict for him. To-day it was argued on behalf of the defendant company, that no subst-ntial negligence on its part was shown) and that the plaintiff himsolf contributed to the occurrence by getting into the truck. The court held that there was evidence of negligence, and that tho plaintiff was not a contributory to the result. It, therefore, set aside the nonsnit, and entered a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount of damages con tingently assessed by the jury before whom the case was tried, namely, £300. ' In the Equity Court to day arguments were commenced before Mr Justice Moles- worth in a suit of Lo Roy v. Herrenschmidt. The plaintiff, Mr Gustave Le Roy, who is a teacher of French, sought by his bill to have accounts of an alleged partnership between himself and thedefendant, Mr Henry Herrenschmidt, who is a civil engineer. The alleged partnership was entered into on 18th November, 1874, and the partnership pro perty consisted of a book published by the plaintiff, entitled, " An Easy Methed to Learn French without a Master," and inven tions by the defendant for refining steel and improving smelting furnaces. The defen dant in his answer denied that any partner ship was entered into between the plaintiff and himself, a document which was drawn up on the 18th November, 1874, being only a memorandum, the substance of which was afterwards to be embodied in a regular agreement ; and that this document, if it were an agreement, was fraudulent and void, inasmuch as the plaintiff, when it was drawn up, misrepresented to tho defendant tho success of his book on the French langnage. The arguments had not been con cluded when wo went to press. ""In the report of tho .arguments in the Supreme Court yesterday, in the case of the girl Chariton, by a typographical error it was stated that the ohild was found in her box. It shonld have been printed, on her box. Last night, about eleven o'clock, the very beautiful phenomenon of a lunar mirage was fully displayed on the east side of the Sydney road, between tho University nnd the toll gato. To all appearance tho paddocks, as far as tho cemetery fence, were converted into one largo lake, in which the trees were re flected with marvellous fidelity. The moon shone brightly on tho surface of the appar ently unruffled lake, and rendered the illu sion complete. The origin of tho word "Honeymoon," now in everybody's month, in conseqnenco of Tobin's elegant comedy of that' name being now played at tbe Royal; is amongst" the things, as Timbs would say, not genernlly known. The word dates as far back as our early Anglo-Snxon kings. It is associated with tho " Wnssail Bowl", tho liquor con tained in which was called metheglin, 'or mend. This was- a .fermentcd drink of some potency, nnd made i from .honoy, . Hence from n metheglin jollification of thirty days after n wedding, came the expression so familiar to friends of newly-married couples — tho " Honeymoon." Jolly dogs, those old Anglo-Saxon ancestors of ours I There are only . twenty-four .students in training for teaching at the Training Insti tution in Spring street. Mr Dixon is at the head of this department. At the District Court'tuis morning, James Mamson Bucd George Riddel for tho illegal detention of a bay mare, valued at £20. Mr O'Hallornn for the complainant; and Mr Fisher for the defendant. It appeared that the animal had been stolen, or had strayed from the owner's stable about two years ago; that Harrison had advertised its loss in tho Argus nnd the Government Gazette, and had lately found it in the possession of tho de- fendnnt, who bad given tho animni up, and afterwards recovered her through the instru mentality of Detective Wilson, who had since lrf t the force. It wa9 submitted for the defence that if the mare were stolen, nn action for illegally detaining her was prematuie, no BtepB having been taken for a prosecution for horse-stealing ; and that if tbe animal had strayed merely, the fact of such a time having elapsed, and of the mare having changed hands so fre quently, was a sufficient answer - to tbe demand, Tbe bench held with the latter view, and dismissed the case. Somo rumors having been circulated to tho effect that tho schooner Glangarry had gono ashore at the Gippsland Lakes, we have boon ! requested to publish t're following telegram from Sale : — "Glengarry, arrived this morning. All well. Leaves on Satur day." At ! the Collingwood Police Conrt this morning, a young womnn, known to tho police, named Jane Hutty, was charged with larceny from the dwelling of a Mrs Hannah Penny; the nrticlcs consisting of a pair of new shoes and some underclothing. It appears that on the 21st nit., about 12 o'clock midday, the prosecutrix went out and left her house locked np, and upon returning she found tho prisoner in her bedroom, having effected an entrance by breaking open the back door. Immediately she was discovered, she made good her escape, taking with her the articles reported as missing, which she pawned for 7s Cd. Constable Cannon proved to having nrrested the prisoner on Wednesday lash She admitted her guilt, and the bench sentenced her to the severest penalty tho law will allow, viz,, three months' imprison ment, The Mayor of St. Kilda was nearly winning the white kid gloves this morning, as there was not a single police- charge at the- local court, and only three potty debt oases oh the cause list. At the Fitzroy look-up this morning, before tho visiting magistrate, a man named Ber nard Dotvd was charged with damaging pro perty and also resisting the police, He wa3 fined 10s for destroying property, with 2s 3d damages; and mulcted in the sum of 10s for resisting the police, the aggregate amount being £l 2s 3d. The triumph of Nemesis in the Sydney Metropolitan on Tuesday may be scored "a win " for this district, (says the Ovens Advertiser) as she is the property of Mr John Evans, of Whitfield, on the King River. She is a bright bay, five years old, and got by Knight of the Garter — Nuncia, with which marc she was imported as a yearling by the Into Mr John Moffat, at tho sale of whoso stud Mr Evans secured the filly. The time in which tho race was run, 3m. 33 8- 10th sees., although not so fast as Goldsbrongh's in the same race Inst year, shows that her friends did not over-estimate her pace and staying powers over two miles when they involun tarily made her first favorite by backing their opinion, and our Wangaratta corres pondent informs us that besides the stakes, which will be somewhere about £800, her spirited owner will bring it up to £1300 at least., by having had " the leviathan" himself in a double with the Chrysolite at £500 to £10. In regard to a paragraph copied out of a Geelong paper about the efficacy of Hoyle's Pacific Vegetable Wonder, we are requested to state that the Times made a mistake, the specific used being Ramsay's "Abolition Oil." Mr J. D. Thompson, chemist, Bonrke street, is Mr Ramsay's Melbourne agent. A large number of residents of tho Bondi- go district will hear with regret of the death of Mr George Nevinson, of Shelbourne (says the Bendigo Advertiser), through an un toward accident with which he met on Tuesday evening last. He had been at Sandhurst on that day, and was returning home at night. He arrived safely to within a comparatively Bhort distance from his place, when, by some means, he was thrown out of his buggy, and sustained a fracture of the spine, which resulted in paralysis, Tho unfortunate gentleman lingered on until early yesterday morning, when he suc cumbed to join " the great majority." We learn that a public meeting of share holders in the Magdala Company is about to bo convened, with the view of ascertaining the correctness of the reports lately issued by the management, and to decide upon what steps should be taken to meet the case. A stormy scene may be expected, as several holders who bought at the high prices, say some unpleasant things about the late rise and sudden fall. The Victoria Choral Society gave its first subscription concert last evening, under tbe condnotorsbip of Mr Fred, W. Harrner, M.O.O.L., in the lecture hall of the Victoria Parade Church, A programme of twenty numbers was gone through successfully before an appreciative audience, A grand concert, vocal and instrumental, is announced for this evening, at tbo As sembly Hall, St Kilda, in aid of the building fund of the Alfred hospital, under the patronage of the Mayor and Councillors of St Kilda. An excellent programme is pro vided by the hon. secretary, Mr W. H, Roberts, including the following artists : — Mrs Cutter, Mademoiselles Johnson, and Macmillnn, Messrs Lamble, King, Roberts and Duboulay (the unrivalled concertina soloist), Tho Prince of Wales Opera House was well attended last evening, when Mr Emmet repeated his impersonation of " Jan," and succeeded, as he always does, in greatly pleaB- ing the audience. Mr G, Leopold is nearly always perfect in every part which he as sumes, and as Mike Abramsthe prize fighter, ho is simply " immense." Tho sparring match between "Jan" and "tho professor," is in itself a treat. Mr G. W. Carey's mad scene is a fine piece of noting in that par ticular line. The Fakir of Oolu drew a large audience Inst night to witness his most enjoyable en tertainment. The reproduction of tbo Daven port cabinet seance was received with great applause ; the more so as the feats performed are very like those of tho Brothers Davenport, whilst tho idea of spiritual assist ance in the matter was smiled away by the Fakir. The entranced aerial lady is a won derful performance, and is appreciated not alone on account of the wonder it excites, but for tho artistic taste displayed in posing tho fignre in various oxpresBive attitudes. The haunted forest, in which the ghosts and goblins perform amusingly, the talk ing head, and tho gorgeous foun tain all have their Bpecial admirers. Voltaire in his ventriloquism, Miss Beaumont in her vocnliaation, and Mr Gagliani as musioal conductor, merit a word of commen dation, Miss Beaumont, whose singing forms n pleasant feature of the entertainment, will give to- night a Bong, written by Mr J. Hi Miers, called "You're Going away toLeavo Me," a pretty though simple melody, fitted ,to words that have the 'merit of toaohing expressiveness. The appeal is to an Irish lover embarking for Australia. To night the Fakir intends performing sotno wonder ful feats, the seat to be used in his cnbinet being similar to that used in tho Davenport cabinet. 