THE RIXSON MURDER. The Maryborough correspondent of the Brisbane Telegraph, writing on the 24th ult., says :— Tho night after the inquiry as to the sudden death here of a woman named Rixson (when a verdict of death from natural causes was returned), a man named Adamson, going home across the reserve, Baw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter I assure you tho man does not. He becomes figktable if you but smile when he narrates his experience. This is what ho saw— First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a largo black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage, he walked towards the object. As ho drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from his head. ' In tho features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs. Rixson ! Then came a voice, .' I am the murdered wife of Rixson/' The apparition then placed one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and— disappeared. Adamson ,does not know how long he remained on tho reserve, or how he found his way homo. Next morning he took liis wife's advice, aud told his extraordinary experience to the police, and they, growing suspicious, ar rested Rixson and Lydia Quipps. The woman was no sooner in tho police office than she made a statement, which sho has since repeated in the police .court. She is not in custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage Rixson took a 'down' on his wretched wife. He cohabited with her but one night. The remainder of the week of his wedded life he slept at the woman Quipps's lodgings. He frequently swore that he* would have the life of his wife. On Tuesday morning, 15th March, ho left Lydia at six o'clock, and went to his garden to dig her some sweet potatoes. In about halfan hour ho returned, and while delivering the potatoes Baid, ' I have been and done for my wife.' The woman answered, 'Good God ; I will never speak to you again as long as my name is Lydia Quipp3.' Then he held her by the windpipe, uayiDg, 'Thi3 is the way I did it.' Afterwards Rixson said to her, ' So help my («od I have not done it ;' and left her. In consequence of the additional evidence tho body was ex humed, a second post mortem examination held, and Dr. Little on being recalled, gave it a3 his opinion, gathered from the reex amination aud from tho evidence, that tho woman had come to her death by strangu lation. That is the ca3e. Rixson ceeined utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gatherod, and it is believed that the remorse — if ho is capable of it — which visited Eugene Aram will induce him to niako a full confession of his guilt, Intoliigenco reached Hobart Town on the 30 th ult. of the foundering of a barge near Port Cygnet, and the loss of two passengers, one of whom was a youug woman named Edith Harvoy, aged eighteen, the daughter of a storekeeper of that name at Port Cyg net, and the other an old man named Samuel Crisp, aged sixty-nine years, also a resident of Port Cygnet. The crew managed to scramble upon the bottom of I ho vessel, aud ultimately into the boat which was towing astern, but the passengers, who wero down in the cabin when the accident happened, were never seen again. The luxury of being a bachelor is costly in spmo quarters ia New Zealand— Waikato for instance. Six of the poor fellowa refused to pay the tax of 103. per head imposod on these unfortunate specimens of tho genus homo, for educational purposes. They were summoned before tho resident magistrate, and ordered to pay the amount aud £2 17s. for costs, Tho Insurance Record of 4th Fobruary an nounces that Mr. T. Jacques Martin, the managing director of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society, wa3 011 Monday, 31st January, elected on associate of the luatituto of Actuaries of Great Britain and Ireland. Mr. Martin has been for over twenty years connected with the insurance interests of theso colonies, having entered the local office of the Northern Assurance Company in 1854\. ? - . 