SUNDAY LECTURES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-As Mr. Bird wishes to know my authority for the new school I have mentioned in my letter signed And Rationalist I hope you will permit me to refer him to Mr. McGee's work on the Atonement, when he will find the author, Mr. J. Taylor of Norwich. There is still a more modern school of which are the Rev. Messrs. Service, Clarke, Cox, and others. The Paternal Fatherhood being the style of their divinity. I do not see what this has to do with Mr. Bird's explanation, for if his teaching is according to truth the Scripture will testify and if not, the authority of a school or of learned men is of no value. It is vain for Mr. Bird to assert his orthodoxy on the nature of the Atonement whilst he propounds doctrines that lesson its value, and blind the minds' of Bingera to their real condition. As for instance, if a guilty soul can be saved from perdition by a little punishment and penitence, what need for the mighty travail of the Redeemer and the awful and mysterious work of redemption 1 And is it not the height of inconsistency to declare that now is the day of salvation, if in another world it can be obtained by the lost when they wish ? To quote the texts that prove the utter ruin and destruction of the wicked, would be to transcribe a great part of the Old and New Testament. St. Paul was no popularity hunter, but warned men by the terrors of the Lord to flee from destruction. He was also an humble man, and did not think he had a right to insult those who might challenge his soundness in the Gospel. Neither did he build up the church with harebrained speculations and soft talk about paradise. His Christian experience was not obtained by a passionate study for years of the Gospel, but by conversion, spiritual light, power, and assurance in the Holy Ghost. In conclusion, I am sorry I cannot congratulate Mr. Bird on the effect of his theology, for may not all the publicans and sinners in Hobart Town hold a jubilee ? Seeing that one of the head Congregational Ministers has given them a free passport to heaven after a few years' suffering in hell, and the devil being prime minister, will come in for a share of the glory ; fire, and the devil being the regenerators, and not the Holy Spirit of God. But, although, I cannot give Mr. Bird the praise in this respect, I must give him the pre-eminence in that of courage, inasmuch as I have not been able to declare that "new light" originated by others and part of which has been denounced as heresy long ago. AND RATIONALIST. 