GENERAL NEWS. The following is Friday morning's ' weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana; cloudy; Strangways Springs, cloudy; Peake, cloudy; j Charlotte Waters, cloudy, cool; Alice Springs, «cloudy, -warm; Barrow Creek, ■ cloudy, warm; » I * ~ ~ * "* ' • Tennant Creek, cloudy; Powell Creek, cloudy: ; Daly Waters, overcast; Katharine,- cleat; fine; ! Pine Creek, clear, very hot; Yam Creek, fine, j threatening; Southport, overcast; Port Darwin, i;'sultry, thunder this morning. . ' t We are Teau'ested to state that Messrs. ; John HU1.& fcio.'s coaches will commence to • leave, their booking office on Saturday, Decem ber 23, at noon, each 'bus starting as soon as loaded. .. . A laborer named James Cagney was brought to the Adelaide Hospital'on Wednesday ! night, December 20, with his right ankle pat out. It appears that while walking along the rail way line from the Burra oh Tuesday, he fell down an embankment, about 1§ miles from Farrell's Flat, when a stone fell upon his ankle, and caused the injury. The. Ministry have expressed their wil lingness to fall' in with the suggestion of the Government of- New: South Wales that the conference, as to a duplicate telegraph cable to connect Australia with the rest of the world, shall be held in Sydney. • It' has not yet been decided who is.to represent. South Australia at this gathering. •' -• • So dense a - duststorm prevailed on Saturday last, in .the North, that in many i places, weare informed, candles had to be used, throughout the afternoon. The mail which' i leaves Port Augusta for Kanyaka, after leaving i Willochra, while leaving: Bagless Plains, en countered the full force of the storm, and the . driver, being unable to see, after travelling for ; about thfec hours, to his astonishment found j himself near the Willochra Hotel, the place. ; from whence he had started. ; "The crops around Strathalbyn," says, the Southern Argus of December 21, "are mostly being reaped in now, and we are pleased ; to learn that "in many-places the yield has<ex ' ceeded expectations; • 'We have heard, of 16 to 20-bushel crops, and some very much lower; but on the whole most farmers are agreed that the season has not been so had after all. Like most •of their kind, many, farmers have been making 'hay, and fears are rife that instead of haybeing. ■ scarce, there will be a lot to spare, and poor "• 'willsuffefr." .' ' atrial of reaping-machines and winnowers r ; took placeinconnection -with the Gawler Agri-. cultural aM Horticultural Society, oh Thurs . day, December 21, at Mr. John Riggs'sfarm, near i the Gawler Railway Station. There was not •' <much competition, bat a good; deal of interest was displayed in the trial by those present. 'The prizesfor reapers were taken by Mr. J. W. ' Stott; of Alma Plains-, and Mr. Alex. McLean, ;of GawlerPlains, and for winnowers,by Messrs. < James Martin & Co., 'of Gawler, and Mr. "W". ■ Sloman, of Nailsworth. We are indebted to. the Superintendent i of Telegraphs (Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G.) for the I following:—.Captain Crocker, of the steamer 'Flinders, reports .from- Port Augustar-r" ; " Passed a vessel ashore four miles west of .Point Lowly; should think a .three-masted. : vessel, with foremast gone,, apd stern under ; water. Was. nearly up "to the Point when I ! first saw her, and. stood in as-.close as I could ! with safety^ but l saw no one' moving, nor any sighs ,-of, any one', being'about her. It iwas ! blowing ve^y hard from the south." , . A meeting: .of'Hie'aubscribers to the ' funds of the Glenelg Institute was held at I the Pier Hotel, Glenelg,; on Thursday evening, December-21. " The attendance was only mode-; rate. Mr.~E. A.Wright occupied: the chair. Mr. J. Iteej secretary* read a report, which, ■' after giving the names of" the five trustees ap ; pointed, tawhoih .the property, was transferred, ;; stated that, ou August <23, it was resolved, at ■' a meeting of the.genetfcl committee, f^Tbat if the Corporation of Glenelg should offer to the I committee-the proceeds of the sale of the half j acre block at Millers Corner, in consideration i of the trustees of the - institute ^conveying the \ institute: land to . them as trustees, ana the jcorporation being- provided - with sufficient ; accommodation for' corporation business, that ; the offer he accepted subject to terms to he made ; with gentleman to he appointed by this meeting ito m&e;'ajrangemeuts" with the corporation.'?. The gentlemen were appointed, and theaccom- ', ; modation' to ,he made for the corporation, was-' decided on. At-a meeting of the committee held November 8, 1875, rules were adopted, and: the . 20th provided^" That the property ;of', the institute- shall be vested. for the . use and benefit" of'its members, in the Cor- ; : poration of the town of Glenelg."... A transfer' ; from the originis!' trustees to the corporation, W8S prepared and signedby three of the trustees, ' theother two being in; England. On applying ; to the Minister of Agriculture and Education i ! for- the"- ifljOdO for the Government grant, a ; declaration was made that" the property;was^ . vestedis tlifi , cer^oraticn.' The t money: was then paid.. The'other trustees when they". ; returned fromEngland refused to sign the trans-, ; ferbfthe trustdeed. As those two gentlemen had' • not signed, he had received a letter from the corporation demanding the repayment of the £500 paid.on.account of the sale of land. Under these, cireuinstances. the present meeting had„ been .called. Mr. W. Mair said he had been ap-» pbinted a trustee, and some land had been ob tainedfrom the Government and vested in his. co-trustees, ^nd himself. He left the' colony^~ i fti.d on hjs return found that the trust had been < transferredtp the corporation. He also heard : that £2j000-was to 'b9 raised "on the building," : the'old trustees not being consulted about it. He had lodged a caveatyso that 'no fresh certificate: of title could he issued. The question for theni to decide was whether the old trustees should not carry out the. work they were appointed to: do. He thought that the following resolution, which he proposed, would settle the.matter iu a satisfactory maimer "That tlie present five trustees of the Glenelg Institute, viz., Sir John ;Morphett, Revs. T. Field, MA.., CI Mauthorpe, ;Messrs. W.R. Wigley, M.P., and W. Mair, J.P., continue to act as trustees, aud that in consider ation of moneys received from the Corporation of Glenelg in aid of the Institute building, the request of the Glenelg Corporation that that body should be made a trustee for the Institute in conjunction with the present trustees, be . complied with: aud approved by :- the pieseut : public meeting of subscribers to the Institute Fund." Mr. "Wigley seconded,, and several iBpeakera supported the resolution, which was . carried. The report presented- by Mr. Leewas adopted, and the meeting after a desultory dis cussion about finance closed. ■ The right of; Occupancy of the refresh ment booths on the vBacecourse; at the forth-, coming New Year's races, wa^ frold at the Globe Hotel,; on Thursday., evening,^, December 21. . Mr. Simeon Barnard officiated' as auctioneer.'.: The bidding was nothat all spirited, and the Grand Stand hobtht- iwa^-= withdrawn from sale, and will be disposed of by private contract. The following are the names of the ^purchasers and. the ^prices re-^ alised:—No. 1 booth, Mr. Sorrell, £8; No. 2 booth,£Mf. Smfell.£7[ 5s.; No./3-bopthj 'Mr. "Coombs,£t." :* The sale5 of» Christmas Gifts wascon jtinued in the Lectar® M®11; of-;the; Flmdere ' street. Baptist Church - pu. Thursday 'after? , noonand •; evening, , December. ill.The" jattendance, during ..the afternoon nifty; 1 moderate, but improved greatly in the'/evening,. | when sales were prettjr briskly effected. 'Asa considerable- quantity-, of goods yet. remain unsold, it has been determined to continue the isale.this afternoon and evening, when itis hoped the friends, of the. congregation will attend, :and buy upthesurplus goods, which will < beroffered at a reduced rate in order to effect a clearance. ' : ' '■ .' A large number of persons, probably not , less than 500, went down /to the Port on, Thursday, by the 2 p.m. train, in expectation of i a pleasant trip to Glenelg on board the new i steamer South Australian, The decks and saloon of the vessel were so crowded that it was. difficult to move about, but a notice posted at . the head of the companion caused great dis ; appointment to many a would-be excursionist. ; It was to the effect that the Fairy having gone off to the wreck of the Postboy there, would be ; no chance of landing at Glenelg; . Consequently : the visitors had to clear out, and the noble vessel cast .off from the wharf, and steamed : down the river about half-past 3 o'clock, with a : much smaller complement of passengers than ; had been expected. She was loudly cheered as . she took her departure. The first annual meeting of tbe members of the Norwoodlnstituto was beldia the Institute Building, Norwood, on Thursday evening, De cember 21. There was a good attendance, and Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P. (president) occupiedthe chair. The following officers and members of committee were elected for the ensuing year President, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.; vice-pre sident, Mr. S. D. Glyde, J.P.; treasurer, Mr. W. Gooch; hon. secretary, Mr. K. St. Barhe : Miller; committee, Messrs. John Jewell, Thos. 'Pitman, L. H. Sholl,. Jno. Cockburn, T. C.; ; Pearson, W. H. B. Kearn, W. H. Abbott, Jos. i Jackman, and Jas. Coombs. A vote of thanks was given to the officers for their past services, and rales for the purpose of affiliating the ; institution with the parent institute, in Ade ; laide were adopted. The Hon. J. Carr, Oommisssioner. of ; Crown Lands, accompanied by the - Surveyor i General, returned; to Adelaide oh Thursday, . December 21. '• They left town on Tuesday j morning, and going byway Of Eudunda, reached ; Point Pass, where the Commissioner saw several j selectors and inspected a number of crops, i which are very, light, and almost an entire i failure. On Wednesday the Commissioner and ^ Mr. Goyder went by the Murray Flats to Truro, 'and then on totSedan by way of theDust i holes. The crops 'at Sedan, which have been : sown on thin soil on top. of limestone; are very j poor, and are described as failing.; The rainfall i in this district has been very light. From Sedan they returned - to- Adelaide -by- Cook's Hill, iTnngkillo, and Mount Pleasant; What crops ; haverbeen sown about Gumeracha are very good. In the Hundred, of .Neales the crops, .although light, are better than those at Point Pass and 'Sedan. The Onkaparinga annual races, to be Held on the Oakbank Coarse oh Easter Monday, will ; include two events well • worth competing for— the OnkapariDga Cup and' the Great: Eastern Steeplechase. This steeplechase will, we believe, • be the first event pf the kind which has been announced in connection with these races. : Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. . • . A public meeting in connection with the ; South Australian Baptist - Missionary Society < was held in the Baptist; Chinch, Norwood, on i Thursday evening, December 21. There was a • small attendance, and the Bev. H.J. Lambert : (pastor of the church) occupied the chair. The Bev. M.Lloyd, ofAlberton, Corresponding Secre | tary V for the - Society, read some: interesting extracts from letters from -workers in the zriis : sion-field at Furreedpore. The Bev,Silas Mead, LL.'B.; then gave a description of Furreedpore, - ; which he said was a district; situated about 100' i miles from Calcutta.. He visited the spot some ! time ago, and accomplished the journey from Calcutta to Furreedpore in a day, nearly the : whole-of the travelling being done by rail. The District.. of Furreedpore contained about one million of inhabitants. -The chief town was also called Furreedpore. The inhabi tants had their own courts, judges, and also their own.way of-collecting: the revenue. The ; country was flat, teeming with riyers, and most of the trade was carried "on by means of boats.; The district was exceedingly poor. The society ' ; had now five men engaged.preaching the'gospel, . but these could not be expected to do- a great deal in such a large field for missionary enter prise.- It was an understood thing in India ' when one society or denomination took to a dis trict it was: not. interfered .'with; by other ;societies, and witha very .small exception there ; •were: no agents at Furreedpore beyond those from the South Australian Baptist Missionary Society. ' This colony was therefore responsible : fortheconversion Of this million <if people, That • denomination had undertaken' to send- £200 \- every year toFurreedppre. The. Baptist mem ibership in South Australia was about the same i las the Congregatidnalists, and about the same ' or rather larger than the Presbyterians, and yet leach of these denominations raised double the amount-that' the Baptists did, and apparently' with much more ease. Instead of that society iraising £200 it ought to raise at least*£400. He ; thought that it would be a wise thing if the . [: churches would recognise this great work, and il give a tenth of their income to evangelistic ;' efforts, as missionary work had a claim on their j;resources. He earnestly exhorted, all to assist. in the matter. "After a short, address by the Bev. L. G; Carter, the proceedings closed with [ the usual devotional exercises,' The LynchFamily of Bellringers returned. ; to Adelaide on Thursday, afternobri, kfter a* very" successfuhprovlncial, tovu*. Abi we ;have pre viously announced, the company open for a ; short season of six nights at "the Town Hall on Boxing Night;' The'bellnngers'have with theni : Mr.-Frarik Verteh, a tenor.'vocalist !aud dancer,„ j who will, on that occasion make his first appear- .' ance in Adelaide. -A number of ladies arid gentleirien met' at the Destitute - Asylum on Thursday evening, . December 21",and entertained.tbe inmates with ,a; Christmas concert.; * A lengthy programme was gone through, in which* the following ladies and gentlemen contributed songs, &c;, Mes ! dames Sherring, Sparkman, Morgan, and Nash,* Messrs. Fawcett, Nash, Morgan, and Champion. The Bev. F. S. Poole, M, A., presided, and at the conclusion of the programme made a few : remarks on " Eational. Amusement."' The entertainment concluded with a hearty oxpres- " 'sion of thankfulness from the inmates for the j great kindness displayed by those who had con- ; [tributed-to their enjoyment. . The TliMire Royal was moderately well - attended on Thursday evening, December 2L The programme of the. previous evening was , irepeated to the great satisfaction of the audi •ence/who were by no means .sparing of their .applause. The siuging of .Mr. and. Mrs; Empsou, :as_ usual, was well received, andthe entranced ; lady excited great 'wouderment. The charm- . jing vocalization of Madame Silvester, evoked^, .unequivocal marks of approbation, whilst Miss';' Daisy Silvester in her exceedingly clever bur lesque impersonations of ," Men of the -time" Caused'. considerable amusement. The ghost drametta of" Christmas; BeUs/ ^ith its-starHi iiflg effects followed*, arid the beautiftirforintain? kith the ixnproriounceable name concluded the entertainment. 