EARLY RISING. . . " (New York -Times.) ' " Can any one tell. why, the niei.e face of being up at or before daylight yields to a man an assurance of moral superiority i: What spo- oiiic and Bhining virtue is there in leaping out of - bed arid dressing one'a-self iri tbe dark What crown of honour is conferred upon the fellow who, unable to sleep iu the -.morning/ bounces up betimes to such- incapacity 1 These be subtle questions, and; l heir answers inhere in the mysterious root of things; But there can be no question that the habitually early riser conceives that the Ten Oommuud- mentB are conserved in him, in .addition to an- ample system of ethics.,, When "lie appeals! at breakfast, he is very likely to aak those at table when they. rose,., feigning ignorance on a point on which be takes particular pains to be informed. Having beeu told that tbey rose at six, or seven, or, eight o'clock, he invariably announces with great gusto, " Why, I- was up two hours before any of you i " Then he proceeds : to putiouise, in a very lofty mauner, the inferior mortals who are not'osh.amed to confess that they have no prejudice iu favour of getting up in the mid,- die of the night. ... Nor is.be content to eDjoy this exalted triumph once, twice, thrice, or twenty, titnes. Every morning he plumes him; self anew, puts tbe same question, arid each' tiine adds to his moral worth and personal oonsequence, What . offence is there in sleep, that to pro - tract it. in. the morning should be visited upou us' so severely"? Casuists . have infoimeil ita that man is ul ways 'sinning,, except in sleep, which should therefore be ardently encouraged;' whether before or after dawn. D.o the Seven Sleepers:typify the Seven' Deadly Sins, or does the early riser design- to bamboozle our theology! We suspect the latter, for';' he is an incomprehensible, wholly iricorieiaterib per son,' who abviously thinks that his matutinal aelf-elevatibn should , atone forauy and all other defectB" whatsoever. It is not sleep, but sleep- in tbe morning, to which he is hostile. . ' He is fond of riaying that we cannot " be "in bed too long before midnight'or too briefly /after, daybreak. And1 then there . is seme sort of iniquity appertaining to the bed. Ho him self will, frequently get 'Up at four or. five o'clock; and, after dressing, descend to the library, or sitting-room, tbiow himself; on the lounge, and be dozing in- five minutes.. He does not feel any sbame for ' this" either, ai-! though at breakfast he .will be ready to hector' hie sons or brothers-in law, who were at'lhe. same time inaudiby sleeping, overheadfor being '.irredeemable ' sluggards.' ' It, is' ' no ticeable that the , early riser 'often! oompenV.' sates himself for his greeting to; the:.- dawn by frequent naps between "' that ' hour'; and his regular. bed-tiirie.';;-!.He'grits up; but ' only to lie.: down again,;, -he 7 is riot,, up-for ' ell is day,- nor is there need of - it, in his judg-, merit, after he has performed the' one; impor tant duty;. 'V i The whole matter lies in this ; it ia good; for persons to iise early who want to do so, or who, have-something to .occupy them, but they who have .no necessity, aud enjoy sleep ing, ought to.be privileged to, lie abed withorn discredit or condemnation. This is rank heresy we are aware, but we are averse to fanaticism even on'tbis -time-honoured subject." .i, There are virtues altogether independent of tbe hour of getting iup, and some mem who have slept late have gone to their graves witb blameless records, and left large estates for their kindred to quarrel over. To get "up merely 'for' the sake of getting up is not . of necessity a sav ing grace, and vices might be named— it is true they " are deep rind dark — which ill- will not, expiate. Late sleepers have, so long been bullied and persecuted ' that they would seem to have earned . indulgence. The inexorahleiearly riser/should compassionate them at last, and permit them to go to per dition, if they "will; "on downy beds of ease;": /.'Even1, if : they I be v resolved' to'/ rush upon destruction from hair mattresses, let them rush, ;while '.he may .seek 'absoiution for non- interference .by. . getting up . tor six months.at two o'clock in the morning. Jam Mi lt is well' riot' to" be beguiled by " saws and eounEels on tbe subject. Most oi them had had their origiri-iri a distant 'era, and under conditions totally different from, thoae.'.no.w .existent!; Our remote ancestors went, to bed early because there was nothiog" else- ','to i do. Their descendants of to-day go to bed late and set up lato'for much the same reason. Ooun- try-folk. seek their pillow from. sheer . fatigue, from"'. weariness, "from1 want !of.'meutal'atimii-| lutb. .Oity people avoid their, ;pillpw, .for at) dark their reoreation begins,, and -'tlie 'joys of! the ; night are poetio and .manifold. .. The) latter'half of the nirietpentb' century is an j ! age of Igas-lightof" midnight 'suppers; of "noc-i tnrnal 'pleasures, of turning riiglit ' i'ti'to day. He who goes to bed"early' cannot see the realities of ' thri ghosts' of tlie " tithe; arid -to rise early wbuld 'Subjecb-'hiui to a 'splendid isolation, besides, fitting (biui, ere lopg, for >»' 'sleep in the 'cemetery. ! An incident iriitbe jlii'e'of'.ri Yankee farmer! is thus recorded. His wife was taken very) 411,'and' he' was'called.away' on 'urgent ! busi- aesg. During his ab'serice 'she died and was; . buried, iandithe newa 'was "delicately conveyed' to him. by a boy, who met him., at. the gale.! The boy. said, " Mr Jones, '.your ' old . wpinitn1 , lis ). dead"; and buried; and we've: got :in tbe' spring oats." " Good heavens ! " said, the 'shocked in an j and the spring oiits in." ' " ' : 