A DISCUSSION has been begun in some of the Melbourne papers on the subject of the physical powers of colonial-born persons compared with the British type. As usual, a sort of semi- political tone has been imported even into this subject by one of the papers, and it seems that anyone who doubts that colonial youths are as good, or better, than their parents is attacking’democracy, and is, generally, given over to - the wicked influences of Collins street and Flinders lane. Apart from this stuff, the subject is one which is deserving of more attention than it has received, for. we may, possibly, learn from an intelligent discussion some facts which may be of value in regard to the preservation of health and physical develop ment. The Age avers that the work now done in the colony is as great as it ever was, and that native-born, youths and men work as long and as well as those of English birth. We doubt the facts. We are sure that the work now done in this colony is not equal, by a long way, either in quantity of quality, to what was done in the early days of the gold-fields. The fact is one. that is, simply, notorious. In the first place, miners, a rule, work very much shorter hours, and they seldom display the same energy as characterised the population of the early days. This has been admitted, again and again, commented on, and declared to be one cause ■why the progress of the colony is not so rapid as it was. Those who remarked upon the work done iii this oolony referred, not to native but to the inimigrant population, -whifch'was, we believe, at one time, the and most effective&working; popnla tioh-ih tie world. Notoriously, it..is v not so. • now,<though the work |Jdohe ‘^jtfpuldr^-we" believe, make up a fair average. Ipifall trades almost the hours of work lafe shorter than- of seldom work jas energeticaUy-for ah employer as they "do for 'themselves. Whether the change is in any way due to the . , inferiority. of., .the ..rising, generation, there are not sufficient facts accumulated to, show, but the change has taken place beyond adoubt. - Those who-have"had experience of 1 children "know,'- also, that they require more care iu this colony than at home. They do not seem to be possessed of the same elasticity of constitution as are English children, and the doctors all agree that they require a more generous diet. It is well known that to attempt to bring up children by hand in this colony is to almost ensure death, dr, jif; not death, a weak and puny development, whereas in England children are fre quently so brought up, aud do very well .These facts would seem to point to a want of recuperative power in the native population, to which must be. added, of course, the effect of hot weather and prolonged droughts in some districts. But the most serious fact in connection with the rising generation is the early loss of teeth. Scarcely a native-born child i is. to be found who .has not 'lost; some teeth; and it' is not uncommon to see girls under twenty years of age without a sound tooth in their heads. The early decay of teeth occurs, we believe, in all the Australian colonies, and is specially referred to by Dr Lang in his “History of New South Wales,” as a fact recognised when that book was written,- and the loss occurs in the cool as well ak la the: hot parts of the" colony. 1 -" This unpleasant defect may be caused; as suggested, by the absence; of lime in. the water generally used,, and'we are inclined to think that much oLthe evil can be prevented by the use of lime bread and. lime, water;.-! But, i whatever the- cause, this one fact alone is sufficient to make us doubt whether' the hew generation is quite so sturdy as the old, especially when we, re .member that the persons:who came.toWictpria were amongst the finest specimens of the Europeans. They were the enterprising and the energetic, and undertook enterprises from which weaker spirits would -have, turned in despair. lii New South Wales the native-born population is notoriously of a 'slighter type than their parents, and anyone who walks the .streets., of. can see that much for ‘himself. " What the future race of this colony will be it is, of course, im possible to say, but we, are strongly of opinion that,'in the warmer parts,of the colony at all events, it will be slighter and less powerful than the ; future New ‘ Zealanders and Tas manians. "• Statistics show ; that-‘the average death-rate of children under five years of age is considerably lower than in England, the proportion for males being, as 55'OS is to 72*4:2 ; but this does not conclusively show .that .Victoria .possesses a better England. It must be remembered that‘in this colony, there does not exist the - mass of poverty which exists in Europe, nor are iso many persons crowded into narrow lanes and stinking alleys. Melbourne can hold its own in stinks against _any part of the world, Cologne, made 'famous by ; Cole ridge, not ex cepted; but, on the whole, children, fare much better than at home, arid, .heiice, no doubt, the lesser proportion of deaths. Our experience of country colonial youths is, decidedly, that they are not so powerfully built as their parents, and that they.do.not possess-so much sturdy energy and solid working power. We wish it to be understood that we do not charge democracy with producing this result, and that we .only desire to. -record as .faithfully ias. possible" the'results' that-.we have" seen?- We are neither bent upon cracking up nor crying down. The Sandhurst City. Council has taken up the railway reform parable, now that the Ballarat association has given up the ghost or is in, a trance. At the meeting :0f the Bungafeeshire Council on Tuesday, the correspondence in cluded a letter from ! the ; Sandhurst Council, asking co- operation in procuring an alteration of excursion-ticket-arrangements, so as to make them available - for all' places touched -by the railways. Looking at the date of the reading of the Sandhurst letter It would seem that the movement was late, that it was a kind of lock ing the stable door after the horse was stolen, but the action taken by the Sandhurst Council was almost timely enough for the Eastertide revels of travelling Victoria, Let us hope ; it will yet .come in for future good. And, to. speak soothly, we are a very hopeful people. -We are patient,-too,-and long-suffering, or that most benighted of all departments, the Hall way Department, would long ago have been forced by a great public shout to amend its ways and be, if ever so little, wise in the sense of doing its business as if the railways were made to be a great public convenience. Happily, railways are such good things that even with all the genius of the department for blundering they are still very convenient, .ahdj nobody would like to be without them; but-that is not enough.for our wants and our rights.- We have a right to a railway administration upon common-sense business principles, and we must never rest till we have it: : The argument is an old one here l in Ballarat, and if it" be a hew thing at Sandhurst we hope it will be worked with all the more, vigor,, and that the dumb or dead Reform’ Association bounded here will shake itself into life again and speak in unison with the new agitation set afoot by the City Council of Sandhurst. For dur own part we are glad that the, Bnugareeshire' Council has decided to act with the Sandhuret Council, and it is to be hoped that all the local bodies will join in the cry, and make the whole country into, a Railway Reform Associa tion. The valuable, work done by Mr Martin and the Ballarat Association will, be: a-good example and basis for further,:and wider, aiid more Dersistp.nl w. truot to soo arise a xnorouglily determined movement, w e can only repeat our old demands," for though the faculty of the department for.how-nptrto-do-it is inexhaustible, if is: rather a faculty for itera tion than for initiation even in the' arena of blundering. Mr Martin has exposed over and over again the marvellous stupidity bf r? the department in respect of its goods traffic,’and our columns continue to this day to pillory the acts of neglect or of helpless incapacity in that sad branch of the railway service.. The eccen tric .scale of freight charges, the fatal delays in delivery, the oddly unintelligible method of the management, have all been referred to many times; So have the 'excursion' .business and the. passenger traffic regulations. We have demanded-over and over again that'excur sionists shall be able to go where they like and stop as long as they like, and that railway tickets shall be procurable any when>and almost anywhere; 1 just as postage stamps are. This is necessary in the interests of economy, as well as of public convenience, for it would lessen the number of clerks neCessaiy, would do away with' the ruffianly scrambles for tickets at the . stations, and would induce travelling by making it easier and pleasanter. Of course the “ ways that are dark” are against all this, and the permanent heads and tails of the department will furnish a hundred dreadful reasons why no change should be made, but give us for one three months a live Minister with brains and a will and the whole thing may be done. To the Sandhurst and all other councils we say “ God speed.” There is plenty to:do, and it seems that nothing bat a noiße will do it, - so the I6(ril ; bqdiea must hold together, and see through | to its devoutly-desirable 