LOOAL AND GENERAL NEWS. DisTmaot CounT.-The next sitting of this court will be hold on Monday, the 20th in. stunt; and intending suitors are reminded that Tuesday next, tlhe 13th, is tho latest day on which plaints can be entered. MIATCHoLL'S CREEt.,-A friend writing from the above plane says :-On the 24th May last, the spirited proprietors of the roof at Sunny Corner, duly celebrated the christening of their crushing plant, The event being one of great importance to the neighbourhood, a goodly number of persons were present. Some of our visitors were from Sydney. There are evidently times of prosperity in store for Mitchell's Creek, times like those which were oneo the order of the day, Messrs, Winters and Morgan, are men of muoh pluclk. Having proved their claim to be payable they immediately purchased a machine, behoing determined to crush their own quartz, The claim now in their possession hos passed through many hands ; but their predecessors unfortunately for themselves, were among the unlucky ones. The immediate predecessor did no work on the ground, but undoubtedly hada hi.gh sense of its value, and it was not with his consent that it changed hands, There having been some flaw in his tenure and his leose having been gazelled "cancelled," the present proprietors obtained possession; but were not finally sure of their lease until they had been caused much trouble and expense. But their ruloled feelings have assuredly been almoed, and their out. lay been reimbursed with splendid interest. Early in the afternoon of the day named above, Mrs. Winters performed the core. mony of " christening" the machino, de. molishing at the same time a bottle of champagne. Mrs. Brown giving meanwhile its first feed to the "May Queeon," the crowd manfiily oheererd, as the machinery being put in motion, all was proved to be a roand success. Lunch was provided, After some time spent in judging of the capabilities of the "fMay Queen," steam was shut offlnd toasting began, Dr. Turner presiding. " The Queen" by the chairman, olicitod much and prolonged cheering, followed by the time-honoured anthem, " MOssrs. Winters aind Morgan, with hearty wishes for their prosperity," by Mr, w. J. \Vtlkins, who had known the gentle. nmon for some time and considered them well worthy of success. The toast was ro. sponded to by both Mr, Winters and Mr. Morgan, amid much cheeoring., " The Ladies," with special reference to Mrs, Winters, proposed by Mr, W. A. Medonlf, being duly honoured, Mr, W. J. Watkin responded on their hoehlf. The company thoun dispersed, to reassemble at host Winters', where a splendid supper was pro. vided, and it very pleasant evening passed, ltunuLI SCoOOL LaEuo,.-A conforence of the Inombors of the Now South Waleos Public School League was hold at the Tom. poranco iHall, Pitt- stroot, yesterday (Fri. lday) ovening. The proceoodings were of a onvoersational nature, and it was doolded to orgaliro public meetings in the city and suburbs for the furtlterance of the object mentioned in the manifesto of the League, \--le'ratl, CUIINose GIANT.-Anmong tlo passengera by the Singapore (s,), which arrived yes. torday, is an xtraordinarlly tall man, who hs beooen brought from Hlongkong for the purpose of being exhibited, He stands 7 feut 11 inohos, and is fairly built,-T'hurs. day's Hlerald, RcloOaNl'rTlo, o Co CoutAol.--A feot wooks since wo recorded the fact that the Govortnment, in distributing mudals for valorous oonduot during the bushrttnging eran had omitted to notice Meslosurs Faithfful, who with much coolness and braveory, besot oil' Hall and his gang. Shortly nftorwards the threo brothers had presented to thoem one gold modal, tand we now learn that they have boon permitted to obtain two others on piaymuent of thlol cost I We are glad tlhat oneh of those colu. ragaous young Australianus has a mtedtl m butt we thltk that a colony with ovorloow. ing coflirs might hirvo paid the requisito llnubllor of gaineas out of its own treasury , and thuts ithave porfor'td its dits y in tils respoot moro promlptly tand grnacofully,-X llr'ttld, WumItrus'o A Gnost,-T'he follownlg In related by the Southern l'rguas ;"-A wag, in endonvourihg to play off a pratisatljouoe was well "sold" a few nights a go, It ap. iotrs tIthat, aluoeo It ant namel d sltl'roy wise drowned in so creok some timo bnok on thets Oetlluldiry 'lahts, a rnlumour hne prgvallod thtit ta glot lica shsaown Itself to travellers alolg tlio Bilpgonlsa ilontl, at or iloar the ploue whore the snlbrtunato .man was dlrownedo. A roslideont of Ingonon, riding hnltle frosl Ootllbtlrn the other liight, found tllhit sis Ihirso conll not be estranaded to patss the hlusnted slot, iand lookling forward he paws' somethintg while swsyilg fi'om nide to 6ltf on tile road, 'heo nlsgonintoe dia. tohntltedl, nsnld seceioodedI In leand ng blie horao up to whltre ths assppoaold hont Wnas di. p'aying his terrifying powers, and then suddenly mounting his animal, he at the same time gave a sharp cut of his whip across the face of the ghost, who emitted not a blue flame, withl the attendant dis solving into thin air, but a painful sound perfectly human, and made a rush for an adjoining fence, which the ghost nimbly got over before the horseuman, whou losely pursued him, was able to administer anoo ther cut of the whip. TuIRTr-TWo PeESONS DROWVNcI) ON TIIHE weA TO CItnuicIu.-The following particu lars of, the disaster on the river Dee, at Abcrdeon,on April 5, have been receioed : Tihe day was the sacramental fast day, set apart by the Scotch Church for preparation for the Sunday communion. The people celebrate it as a holiday, and crowds were crossing from Aberdeen to Torry, a village on tile opposite bank of the river, in over. loaded ferryboats, which are drawn aeross the Dee by wire ropes. One boat contail ing about sixty persons, deslpite the water. man's warning, was pulled by the passen gors into the middle of the stream, where it was swamped. The scene during the night was distressing. The relatives and friends .", watching on the banks or searching in , river for the bodies, but up to three j clock this morning none had been reco. vered. Thirty-two persons, including men, boys, and girls, are known to be drowned, 