IN PACE. -??? ?-??-? by ' ST. Jt-Di1«, HTJI Mtvcii, LISTS. UU harp that east to 1 ghost tom is suspending, I under one full p estimate chord in a win r j a Like those sad falls, of late, your strings mc muffled, The answer never till I see such a m. The pas hair years diminish nought the sweetness, Though less the man dare touch thee than the boy, Time passing; bells even now thy frequent music, and voices sadder for the former just 1 scarcely touch thee now with tremulous buffet, train 'near the church's hades -h pierced, While from the JIM X has forth the sorrowful claiming, to thrill the mourners with a deeper dread for news I vouchsafed that aerial smiling, And this most solemn service, away the stem,?, And better beams should not and still, IIB listen xx not these, and pits tug angels see us sing (O God' what need we have of putting into Of 1 June O vi p to, more intense than ill, Of Time, O Christ, the I in md Resurrection, In p is nee t t re coffin md the p 11 These and there only 'J thou hast hence translated 'the hwectestppait ever lent to earth, for household use, for every wifely duty, For grace that come but with the second birth. For beauty flashing free from mind to body, For genius and till lambent flame of war, For subtle fact that led set seemed to follow, her helles needs of Mille the director' Alone' he. secondly that the shades of memory Around you bar where she, I know, is not I if li, some slight chin to youthful days relinking, Each link within her fleet fancy wrought Ah me ' what years of past godly living seem, to the weather is, ended useless hero whose daughters, not her own, She loved us Brother, These children blessing her with silent U a His bird the robin and a tiny cave with, its weight made lighter by her tending grade, II cot,- but with a b thing sad and lonely, a desolate heart-felt calling on the 1 ice All these are her and, to our son e-, ended Ihe^iacioui works -the help she xxi ought for ill. Ali me that his work when most nearly perfect, should colds cause behind you gloomy pall It is but seeming for the careful Father Mitkee perfect here, for greater works above the works do follow her wherever, Grenoble, And listen spheres for still more fervent love for there, is here, the risks are set by Wisdom, In either sphere toexcrxsoul blows And every one is blessed in the doing And none is left in his work alone And what if two have closely wrought together At here together of the place of his" Andorra a little space before the other Le column of her highes num- one earthly state, Ixnlt close, Zinc already on inherits, Hill their walk- in faith his chilling way 1 onely yet conscious of the shortened Journey, BrignterandbiUhter to the former day ZACHARY BARRY. 