WONDERFUL PLAY AT BILLIARDS. The ' M. aud U. Advertiser' says :— M. Carme, who is the champion billiard player of the world at the French, or can non game, gave the first of three exhibi tions of his skill at the Golden Age Hall on Saturday night. The attendance was limited. Many persons could not get away from business; others objected to the price of admission. Times are dull, and lialf-a-crown is hard to find for a night's amusement. However, those who paid the figure had no reason to complain of the return they got for it. The play of M. Carina is incomparable with any thing colonial billiard players have seen. The game as played by Mr. Roberts with hazards, spot-strokes, push shots, &c.;, is apt to grow wearisome ere it ends, bn.t not so the game of M. Carme. It is too quickly got through ; there are too many surprises, and so many marvellous revela tions of the possibilities of billiards, that the spectators do not tire of the game it self. Saturday night's match—Mr. J. C. Simeon being M. Carme's opponent—was a magnificent exhibition of cannon play. Mr. Simson undertook to play rather as a foil than a competitor to the celebrated Frenchman, and played, in an ordinary sense, very well. But the play against him was " extraordinary," and he hadn't the ghost of a show from the first. M. Carme broke, ran up to 52, each cannon scoring two. Mr. Simson scored six. M. Carme scored 42, then 22, then 4, 32, 58, 48, 48, and 14. Mr. Simson had scored breaks of 6, 6, 4, 2, 2, 2, when his oppo nent got the balls well in hand, and started on a break of 204—or 102 cannons. The play was marvellous. There was scarcely a conceivable position in which the player could not score, but liis " strong suit" was the art of nursing the balls. Given the object balls close together, nothing could prevent him from running up ten, twenty, thirty, or forty, without very perceptibly moving the balls. M. Carme can make some hundreds of cannons within a space of two feet, and, .judging from his play of Saturday, we should imagine that if he once got the halls to his liking there would be no limit to his scoring power. His mastery of strength is of course perfect. The balls always come together, no matter how hard or how soft the stroke there they are ; they seem obedient to his will, and come and go just as he likes. No " push" shots in which Roberts excels— are allowed, but the musse stroke (in which the cue is held perpendicularly, and the stroke is consequently vertical), and a wonderful truth of screw and draw back, enable the player to score wherever the balls are left. After the 204 break, M. Carme scored 4, 2, 36, and 88, the latter placing him at 654, to Mr. Simson's 32\. After the match an " exhibition" of play followed, and if the spectators were astonished before they were doubly sur prised at the feats of the professor. Im primis cannons were made at any spot on the table the player chose to denote. A cue was held a few inches over the table, the red was placed in a corner of the baulk end, M. Carme played a few inches from it on to the white, his ball jumped over the cue, and curling under it came back i and cannoned on the red. A ball was held on a man's head beside the table ; ; the red ball placed on the top of the bell handle, and the player, with a brief re mark, "on the red," struck the white, cannoned on the red, and sent it Hying. The ball was held on the bowl of a pipe in the same way, and a cannon made in the same way; placed on an adjoiuing table, it was also struck, and struck and struck again through a tissue paper hoop. Six balls were placed in a row at the foot of the table, and struck one after another round the table—all were whirling about the table at the same time, but when their speed was done tliey all lay together up in a small corner of the table. Twelve bottles were placed on the table : nine balls were then sent one after the other round the angles, in and out amongst the bottles, but no bottle was struck, and again the balls lay in the corner within a space of scarcely less than a foot. These marvellous feats were repeatedly ap plauded, and those who were present were delighted with the exhibition. 