Blot 27. ? . : ' '?'' ..? - ^ ..?....., r- Btulio. * . L .- THE BOTTLE. : Did- you ever go and see a '' Great' Domestic, and Moral Temperanee Drama, with : all. the Original. ;Efi%cts and' Iiiving G-roupings,' as performed in tfi^ Theatre ?loyal byrthe. low comedy tobupe now elec trifying '.-the' empty benches of the _dress_ circle'? If 'yqtt'liave hotj 'try a' dose of' The Bottle,' 'and ; I will guarantee Jhatlie wHa would tatee more jhan one such, dose wouia be a glutton. I left the peaceful monotony of Gawler for: a taste of 'The Bottle' the other night, and I cannot say I .was intoxi cated with delight — in. fact Jhe cup of coffee I had between the- Acts cheered, though it did not inebriate me, far more. I hardly^ fency there rjpas ? much power lit the moral effect of that' black bpjiile,; filled with strong tea so often, paraded' before the audience, as the cause of woe and misery till it became monotonous. : , .;. ,\ .?'.??, ?-?. - '; i The plot is. thoroughly ;teelotal,oand more over it is teetotally foolish. ? n '^' '? Sichard Thonlley, a mechanic in yery plain clothes, and described as - an- irresolute (I should say very irresolute) character, is first discovered : sitting-' in an incongruously furnished cottage, with the wife of his bosom and the partoer of his^bys and- subsequent woes. 'The . Bottle' (capital aitch please), a harmless' looking bid Toni (filled) I may re mark, with what- suspiciously looks like dirty water or weak tea with no milk in it) stands: on - a table- at his- elbow, and- he pays as much devotion ;to it as it really were filled with -.primer Ijqpor as the accommodating auaience are supposed to imagine. ±ne wire delivers an approved temperance homily all about temptation, 'the demon drink, poverty, misery, and other stock teetotal t«xts. This alone is enough to make a man take *' .a drop ' of sommat short,' and Eichard, who laughs at his wife's fears, lauds up the innocent receptacle of' so much future unhappin.es Sr and goes on from bad to worse'' and from.worse to ' worser.' At last things get to such a pitch that one is surprised to see what .an ' awful lot 'of misery and blood ? and thundter, domestic tragedy, can be un corked from that bottle, which at last only holds a pint. The most amusing part of it is that the ' The Bottle' (capitals- again please) is stuck to throughout — the very same bottle — and is finally ., used to 'crack the wife over the head with, when it fortunately gets smashed. But although ' The Bottle!' (capi tals please, and a note of interjection thijs time) gets smashed, and isuseless as a recep tacle for liquor, it, or perhaps its ghost, turns up just as regularly and monotonously as ever. All the characters in the play, even those who enjoy a little drop on the quiet themselves, go in for abusing ' The Bottle' wholesale with a beautiful inconsistency and a charming unanimity that is quite elevating. Of course there is a good moral character, who gets victimised, not much to his credit, at the beginning, but turns up smiling as it were in the end, to marry a girl who seemed rather lukewarm in her affections. The moral character, I may mention, does not approve of 'The Bottle'— (No, nor more do I as played the other night). He doesn't drink even a ' wee drop of the crater' for the stomach's sake, and is strictly moral throughout. There is as much-' blood and thundor business' in the whole piece as would stock a shilling sea novel, and the moral effect upon the audience tended in the direction of indecorous laughter at the pathetic parts, and inordinate thirst after wards, judging from the crowds in the bars, where of course they eschewed 'The Bottle' and went in for water. The moral is this — ' Never take home a bottle, because the natural weakness of human nature must give way before its se ductions, and the inevitable result is that you will brain your wife (if you have one) with it in -preference to the poter, which I consider a far handier weapon. . ; These far-fetched ' great domestic and , -moral temperance dramas' are overdone. to such an extent that they, in most cases, prfe^ duse just 'the 'opposite effect to what ~isf in r' tended. ; ? ???-?? r They are something like the Sunday- school books with litdejboys; so excruciatingly good , and so impossibly self- reliant that goodness and self-reliance' rather falls upon the taste, and. one. prefer^ to see a regular built boy, with his trousers torn, .his pockets full of rubbish, and his hands in all sor^s of impish mischief. Saye me from ' The Bottle i' 