M lARRIAGE .BY TELEGRAPH. Mnarriage' Wy telegraphk is, the 'latest " notion" on the other,: side of -the At-' lantic. The happy pair weie iMr Scott Jeflfreys, manager of the Waynesburg telegraph -office, and Mrs Lida Culler,. of the Brownsville' office. The' cout~le were at the laitter towni, and the bfficiat ing minister,., the Rev. J. W.' .Scott, was at the former. Here is the modus operandi --. ,: : [Brownsville to Waynesburg.] Tell Rev. Mr. Scott we are ready, now.: [WViynsburg to Brownsville.] To G.' Scott Jeffreys an?d Lida Culler, , :,: Brownsville,, Pa. i . Marriage:is. an ordinance of God for the welfare and happiness of'the human fainily,'iinstituted 'it the creation 'and unibd of'thd fiists iaii, by which He Or iidt ,the uiSon oi ,;ne man with one woman in boids of pure aia hily wed lock for.life:." The parties'to,be united at'this, time please to join ihands. j r(Signed)- ' J.:W. SCOTT, M: inister of the' Gospel. [Brownsville 't`o Wayneasbrg.] ;`It is done. '` ` [ajynes?buru g to Brownsrille.] Do you; .George .Scott ,'Jeffreys and ,Lida Culler, .who hold each other by the' hand, -take - each other as lawful ' and Wedded companions 'for life, and do you solemnly promise 'before God and' the witnesses' present, that you will liye ,together, and be to each other faithful, loving, and true, as husband and wife, till:God shall separate you by death I (Signed) J. W. SCOTT,' Minister of the Gospel. 'J, rownsville to Waynesburg.] ...,(Signed) GEORGE SCOTT JEFFREYS. LIDA CULLER. W:aynesburg to Browsville.] In the name and in the authority of God, I pronounce you husband and wife. Whom God has joined together, letno minan put asunder. And may God the Father, Son, and Holy 'Ghost bless the union and yourselves, indivi dually,?pd personally, now and for ever. imen:, :(Signed) J. W. Sorr. Minister of the Gospel. ':[Brownsville to Wnynesburg.] Thank you. 'JaFRerS. There.is now living in lHanmpshire an old, widow lady, upwards of eighty years, who declares she has not shed a tear for fifty years, during which time she has buried three loving husbands. 