BITS OF PLEASANTRY. ? ^ ? . The mason and hod-fellow are near together. When iB a doctor most annoyed ? — When he is out of patients. ' That's what I call a finished sermon,' remarked a man as he was coming out of church ' Yes, finished at last,' rejoihedhis neighbour, ' though I began to think it never would be.' ' I don't like winter,' said one pickpocket to another ; ' everybody has his hands in his pockets.' A student who failed to pass in his Greek history exami VlllflAn. ill! 4*1* anoim ^Iia ** 4- La niui ouuiu uuc uioiiiuauuii uiat uo woo not prepared. He had crammed himself, he said, so tight that he could not get it out again. - ' I never complained of my condition hut once,' said an old man, ' when my feet were bare and I had no money to buy shoes ; but I met a man without any feet, and became contented.' A lady had her dress trimmed with bugles before going to a ball. Her little daughter wanted to know if the bugles would blow when she danced : ' Oh, no,' said the mother ; 'pa will do that when he sees the bilL', Hesiod wrote 2700 years ago — Let no fair woman tempt thy sliding mind With garment gathered in a knot behind. Publican — ' Your dog's very fat. sir. ' ? Pray what do .you feed him on f' Traveller — 'Well, he has no regular meals; but whenever I take a glass of ale, I give him a biscuit, you know !' It is when fast people begin to go slow, as they must in time, that shame and'remorse catches up with them. . The letters in the word ' demonstrative' can he arranged in 6,227,020,800 ways. 'So they say; bat a man doesn't live long enough these days to demonstrate it. member of Parliament well known for his ready and nntailmg hnmonr had lately to undergo a' serious operation lor an abscess in the leg. It was at one time feared that -amputation of the limb would be [necessary. Just as the opioatiqn was about to begin, the honorable member quietly , ^ai t*0 ^ mugeons, ' Bememberthat if yon cut oif ?jia.J6®' £ 8811 ft»r the city any more. But,' hie Young man, if yon have been inveigled into winwg an unhappy engagement to marry, you will not save any money by going and hanging yourself, though thereby you may reduce by one the number of fools in the universe. You will be simply out of pocket the cost of the rope, and, according to the verdict of the Iowa jury in the Davieson Fredrickson case, your suicide will be taken as conclusive proof of your breach of contract, and the Court will go nght ahead and render judgment against your adminis trator for damages for the maiden's solace. How Mark Twain was ' Sold' in Newark. — I was pro foundly moved. I said, 'My son, bring the old partv round. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there is any laugh in him ; and, if they miss fire, I have got some ethers that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other.' Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neck, and went after his uncle. He placed him in full view, in the second row of benches that night, and I began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones; I dosed him with bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones ; I fired old stale jokes into him, and peppered him fore and aft with red hot new ones ; I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and left, in front and be hind; I fumed and sweated and charged and ranted till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious ; but I never moved , him once — I never started a tear, never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture. I was astounded. I closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek, with one wild burst of humour, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. Then I sat down bewildered and ex hausted. The president of the society came up and bathed ; my head with cold water, and said, ' What made you carry on so towards the last?' I said, ' I was trying to make that confounded old fool in the second row laugh.' And he said, ' Well, you were wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a mole ! ' Now was that . any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and an orphan like me F I ask you, a 3 a man and brother, | if that was any way for him to do ? Peter Bundy, who had been married only two weeks, has left his wife. Bundy is a little man, ana his wife weighs two hundred and forty pounds, and was the relict of the j late Seth Potts. About ten days after marriage Bundy was ( surprised, on wakening in the morning, to find his better- j half sitting up in bed, crying as if her heart would break. Astonished, he asked the cause of her sorrow, but, re- | ceiving no reply, he began to surmise that there must be , some secret on her mind which she withheld from him, and which was the cause of her anguish, so he remarked , to Mrs. B. that as they were married she ought to tell him the cause of her grief, so that, if possible, he might j lessen it. After considerable coaxing, he elicited the follow- - ing from her: — ' Last night I dreamed I was single, and as I I walked through a well- lighted street I came to a shop j where a sign in front advertised husbands for sale, j Thinking it curious, I entered, and ranged along the wall ; on either side were men with prices affixed to them — such beautiful men — some for one thousand dollars, some for five hundred dollars, and so on to one hundred and fifty dollars ; and, as I had not that amount, I could not pur chase.' Thinking to console her, B. placed his arm lovingly around her, and asked, ' And aid yon see any men like me there P' ' Oh, yes,' she replied, ' lots like yon ; they were tied up in bunches like asparagus, and sold for 10 cents per bunch.' Bundy got up, and went to ask his lawyer if he had sufficient ground for. a divorce. — American paper. 