SUSAN'S MISTAKE. bt marian northcott, author of " tdi twinkle- ton's twins," etc. Among all the trim housemaids in Bloomsbnry not one could compare with Susan Biffin, who had the privilege of being a servitor iu the mansion of Mr. Jobbing, alderman and tallow-chandler in tbe Uity or Tiondon. Not only did Susan excel in the neatness of ber dress and the cheerfulness with which Bbe performed her duties, but she bIbo carried off the palm with respect to personal appearance, as woald have been admitted by any one who observed her pouting mouth, ruddy obeeks, bright full black eyes, and the pleasant smile which constantly shed light over her features, and helped to enhance the charms with which nature had endowed her. Susan Biffin was an extremely well- conduoted girl, and knew more than most people in her station of life, inasmuch as her parents (now dead) vhad been respectable tradesfolk, who in the latter portion of their life had fallen into difficulties, but bad taken care that, deBpite the wrecking of their worldly prospects, the education of their only child should not be neglected. This muoh for Susan's advantages ; now let us look at tbe reverse of the medal. The pretty housemaid's obief fault was that she was in love — and desperately too — a circumstance which of course called forth the severest oensure from her mistress, who, to her credit be it said, took an interest in her servants not often manifested by people of suoh rank bb the wife of this City magnate. Mrs. Jobbins had four daughters — marriage, able years upon years ago — and who as yet had never had the ghost of an offer. Now of course it would have boon a commendable thing had theBe vestals fallen in love, and set their foot firmly on the road which leads to Hymen's temple, but with a young servant, setat twenty, it was a very different matter. Mrs. Jobbins took the affair up warmly, as did also the vestals alluded to, and presistently informed Susan that if she knew when she was well off she would remain single, &c.; ; in fact, if possible, the young ladies expressed a greater horror of matrimony than even their mamma, and went ubout the houBo de claiming against the perfidy of mankind in terms that would have fully qualified them to become shining lights in any society of female celibates, although, as oiok senton- tiouBly remarked in the snored precincts of the kitchen, "If their rnn hndn't raarriod Mr. Jobbins, where on earth would they have been ? A good job, perhaps,' if their ma had remained single." From this romnrk of cook's, who also had a stveetheart, it may be inferred that the Misses Jobbins were not qnite so well likod "down stairs" as their maternal parout. Perhaps, however, the great reason for Mrs. Jobbins dislike to Susan's courtship was that tbe pretty housemaid had fixed her affeotions upon what Mrs. J. termed a " theatrical, " but what Susan always spoke of as a harlequin. The intimaoy between Susan and her bethrothed was still young, but on one side at least it seemed as though it had existed for years, inasmuch as Susan was a tender sym pathetic oreatnre ; and when Herr Kiddini fell upon his knees at the house of a mutual friend, and with uplifted arms begged her to be "his," she at once yielded him all the affeotion her fresh young heart was capable of bestowing. The harlequin, however, was not Susan's first sweetheart. Such a neat pretty girl could not fail to have plenty of admirers among the sons of small tradesmen resident in the neighbourhood. The time had been when Susan had almost determined upon becoming the wife of an enterprising young grocer named Perks, who had recently opened a business of hiB own and was said to be thriving. Susan really liked Perks, but the roseate hues of courtship were darkened by some trumpery lovers' quarrel, and as Sasan said Perks was in the wrong, and Perks declared that Susan was entirely at fault, the affair resulted in a parting. Neither would give way, and neither would agree to the mediation of a third party ; so Susan at once returned all tbe little love-gifts which Perks had lavished upon her. The jealons yonng grocer's parting words were that he hoped she would not make a mistake, and that he felt she would repent of her conduct to him ; at which Susan disdain fully tossed ber head and turned away. Thus ended one lore episode in the pretty house maid's life. Herr Kiddini was, as Susan had stated, a harlequin at Christmas-tide, and a teacher of dancing and calisthenics throughout the re mainder of tbe year. Our heroine met him first at the abode of a married friend, who bad once been a fellow-servant in the JobbinB's mansion, and that spirit of curiosity which seems to be excited by all who are in any way occupied before the footlights invested Herr Kiddini with an importance be would other wise not have possessed. He was dicidedly not a good-looking man — bis eyes were sunken and fringed with thick lashes, and a slight moustache failed to hide the sinister expression of his mouth. But the fact of bis being "on tbe stage" blinded Susan and Susan's friends to everything else. Here they were at tea with the gentleman who to morrow night would appear before a crowded audience in a tight-fitting dress covered with spangles, the grace of whose dancing elicited such applause, who bore the wand whioh turned everything into something totally different, and who jumped through shop- windows with an agility that was vainly emulated by clown and pantaloon. Herr Kiddini was a moody man not given to much conversation ; still he had sense enough to perceive that something was expected of him after the numerous slices of bread-and-butter and sundry cups of tea that had passed down his capacious throat, so he invented a few stories relative to his oareer, always taking care that be should appear in the most favour able of lights ; and ere the evening had closed be had so far succeeded in winning the good-will of Susan and her friend the cook (who accompanied her), that Herr Kiddini was the principal subject of conversation between them throughout the week. How great was the astonishment of both when a few days after a thumb-stained letter arrived for Miss Biffin, enclosing an " order " for two for the upper boxes at the theatre at which Kiddini was engaged, and a greasy half-sheet of notepaper. with the words "Otto Kiddini's oompts." scrawled thereon ! The re ceipt of this courtesv demanded that Susan should, with cook's assistance, concoct a letter of thanks to the great Terpsichorean artist. The letter took some time to write, because, as cook remarked, it wouldn't " do to be too for'ard or yet too distant." However, at last the happy medium was arrived at, and with many blushes suffusing her countenance Susan despatched, via the post-office, her first com munication to Herr Kiddini. The next thing was to obtain the consent of Mrs. Jobbins that they might spend the evening together, because Susan declared she wouldn't go with out cook, and the latter wouldn't accept the ticket for herself and a friend on any account whatever. Although it was awkward for both to be out on the same evening, Mrs. J.'s con sent was won, and in the brightest of bonnets and warmest of cloaks the two girla went to see the pantomime in which Herr Kiddini took such an active part. Prosperity had not shed its golden rays upon the theatre of late, and there was plenty of " paper " to be had, so that when SuBan and cook took their seats in the stuffy upper boxes and looked around them, they were not so disconcerted as might have been the case if money and not " orders " had prevailed. The pantomime was played first that evening, so that the girls were not kept long upon the tenter-hooks of expectancy. The " opening " seemed rather long ; but there is an end to everything, and at length the lamps were lowered for the " carpenter's scene " whioh was to usher in the glories of the transformation. The usual bevy of fairies appeared suspended in the air, there were the customary banks of impossible flowers, and the usual combination of coloured fireB. Then Kiddini in his particoloured harlequin dress bounded upon the stage, the very perfection of grace and agility — at least so whispered Susan to cook, who nodded affirmatively — and throughout the rest of the performance he was to them the only objeot of interest. The merry sallies of the down, the senile observa tions of the pantaloon, the feats of the ap parently boneless sprites, tbe red-hot poker, and the spirited " rally," were in their eyeB mere adjuncts to the dancing of Kiddini, and only gone through in order that he might have an interval of rest. Subbo envied tbe active young person who appeared as colum bine, and began to think that dancing with Herr Kiddini must be the greatest pleasure life could afford. But just when the "comic business " seemed at its height 'the green baize dropped upon a tableau of whioh their hero, supporting the columbine on his knee with one hand, was the prinoipal figure, and the pantomime was at an end. Cook had barely time to comment upon the " lovolinoss " of the performance, when Susan folt a gentle tap upon her shoulder, and looking round recognised tbe friend by whom sho had been introduced to Kiddini. "You aiu't going to stop for the drama, are yon P Kiddini suid he'd sent you an order, and he guvo mo one too. 'Liza (the speaker's wife) is outside the boxes, and we're off, be cause Kiddini said he'd come round and have a bit of supper with us. You'd better come too." The girls looked at each other, and then began to compare opinions. The friend's house was down a mows, within a stone's throw of their master's, and as perhaps (as Susan sug gested) the drama might turn out to be a stupid thing, they decidod to leave tbe theatre with their friend. The chief inducement with both Susan and cook, however, was that there was a probability of Kiddini partaking of supper with them. Their hopes iu this respect were not dis appointed. The great man arrived at their friend's house almost as soon as they did, made a very hearty supper, and was more agreeable and talkative than usual. As if by a proconcerted movement Susan suddenly found herself alono with the harlequin, and ere her friendB re-entered the room she had become " engaged " to him, and had promised to become his- bride in the following July, six months hence. How long Kiddini took to deolare bis pas- 1 sion is a moot point. Subbq declares that they were not alone more than five minutes,' and that Otto's confession burst upon her like a bombshell ; but cook averred that the arrangement took more than half an hour, to settle. . That night Kiddini saw the girls' home, and the sharp ears of cook detected tbe sound of a kiss while she was descending the area- steps, leaving Susan to follow. After this occasion more "orders" came, and Susan found frequent opportunity of meeting her Otto, whom, bb she confidentially informed the trasty cook, "she loved more and more every time she saw him ; " at which sympathising cook would give an approving smile, and remark, " very natural, my dear.'' Susan's conscience occasionally Smote her when she recalled her behaviour to young Perks, the grocer, who, cook said, " felt her conduct much, and was reduced to a skelinton;"- for tbe little quarrel which bad separated them had really originated with' her, and though all was over between them, and she was engaged to another, she could not bear to think that she had caused him any suffering. She often fancied she would have liked to go round to his shop and confess -herself, in the wrong, but after consultation with cook she came to the conclusion that such a coarse of proceeding might inspire hopes in the young man's breast which could never be fulfilled ; so she resolved that matters should remain as they were. Susan was of a sensitive nature, and when the remark that had been made by cook relative to the manner in whioh yonng Perks was " falling away " recurred to her memory, it was with difficulty she conld restrain the tears that dimmed the lustre of her black eyes. She tried to think that a " pro fessional " of tbe rank of a harlequin was a much better match than a small grocer, who had to stand behind bis counter from eight in tbe morning until ten or eleven o'clock at night, with scarcely opportunity to have a comfortable meal daring any portion of the day. Besides, as cook said, Kiddini was a gentlemaD, as any one conld see, and with his aristocratic bearing and white hands, on one of which a massive ring shone conspicuously, was a fit match even for one of their young ladies — alluding to the Misses Jobbins, who, perhaps, would not have felt flattered by the al lusion ; still, on the other hand (not the harle quin's other hand), there is a time in the life of a spinster when it seems as though she would be willing to marry any one, and it muBt be confessed this oritical period was nigh at hand with the alderman's daughters. During the early days of their courtship Kiddini was not the most attentive of lovers, and when taunted therewith, replied that his arduous exertions at night rendered him almost unfit for society. However, when he beard from their mutual friend's wife in the mews that he really must pay more attention to the pretty housemaid, or she would rebel, and when his betrothed in a confiding moment showed him her savings- bank book, in which she was credited with the possession of £40, Herr Kid dini's affection received an impetus, and he became as ardent as could be wished. After the run of the pantomime his time was more his own, and as he informed Susan, excepting the instruction of a few daily pupils, he had really nothing to do. The stunted herbage of the square was be ginning to give signs of vitality, the trees had already put forth their foliage, and troops of giggling nurse-girls'with their infantine charges were to be seen perambulating the gravelled walkB, when Kiddini one evening, sitting alone with Susan in the little house down the mews, moodily remarked that the time was approach ing when they were to seek the hymeneal altar. Of course, Susan blushed and said nothing, which was correct and proper. Then Kiddini, in still more gloomy tones, said that he had had rather a bad spring, inasmuch as some of his pupils had taken their departure from his terpsichorean academy without paying for the lessons they had received, and that, in short, he had not the wherewithal to provide a home. This somewhat disconcerted Susan, and quite unbidden there arose in her mind the image of the young grocer and his prosperous business ; but Kiddini, who now became warm on the subject, suggested that if Susan would lend him £20 out of her little fund in the savings- bank, he would at once provide a home, and they would be married in a month. Kiddini had no doubts at all about the future ; he had had an exceptionally bad spring, but the autumn might prove quite the reverse. This communi cation did not put Susan in a very hopeful mood ; but sho had pledged herself to Kiddini, and 'twas only right, she thought, that she should assist him in his adversity. She was not long in making up her mind ; and Kiddini, who had had infinitely less trouble over the matter than he imagined he would have, re ceived the gratifying intelligence that Susan would at once give notice of the withdrawal of £20 from the savings-bank, and that the money should bo in his hands in a fortnight's time. Never had Kiddini manifested so much affec tion for his betrothed as on that evening ; he was the most attentive, the most ardent of lovers, and poor Susan almost felt inclined to cry with happiness. She was an affectionate creature, grateful for every word of tenderness, and the devotion now manifested by her future husband seemed to her full of the pleasantest auguries. "Poor fellow," Bhe said to cook, on returning to her master's residence, " I am certain he loves me, and were it twice the amount he should have it" In the monetary arrangement, however, a slight hitch occurred, inasmuch as Susan had forgotten that when she entered Alderman JobbinB's service, that worthy's wife had introduced her to the savings- bank when she made her first deposit, bnt had taken' care to have her own name insorted as trustee for her domestic, whereby the latter could not withdraw one farthing without Mrs. JobbinB's consent, verbal or written- This had escaped Susan's recollection nntil she hunted up her bank-book, and looked admiringly at the £40 with which she; was credited. For some reason or other, for whioh 8naan herself would have found it difficult to account, she would rather her mistress had known nothing of this withdrawal, but there was no help for it; so she boldly asked the oonaent of Mrs. Jobbins to what she wished. Great was her surprise when the alderman's wife, turning rapidly in her chair, told Susan that she would do nothing of the kind. "No," said the worthy Mrs. J. ; " since you've been in my house (now nearly six yean) . I've watched over you, Susan, like one of my own daughters, And I'm not going now to see yon taken in by a swindler." "O, please; mum," interposed Busan, with a flush on her cheeks and angry spstkle in her eyes, which made her look prettier then ever, " don't call him that I " : ; I " Well, perhaps it is wrong to call the man names when I know nothing really of him," replied her mistress ; " but at the' same time I won't give my consent to the withdrawal of a penny until you're married ; then of course you can do what you like with your money, and I wash my hands of the whole affair. Depend upon it, Susan, if your sweetheart means honourably he'll marry you without wanting to borrow your savings ; and as vou are on the right side, keep so, Susan. Now go about your work, like a good girl, and perhaps the time will come when you'll thank me for not letting you have the money until after you married." Susan curtsied submissively, and left the room ; for she knew one might as well attempt to lift the monument as turn Mrs. Jobbins w'ben she had once made up her mind. Rebellions cook said it was a great shame, and she'd take good care no one was ever trustee for her ; and Kiddini, as may be imagined, 1 became frightfully morose. But there the matter stood, and not all the remarks of cook, the anxiety of Susan, or the sullen temper of Kiddini could alter it. "I've got a couple of pounds by me," growled Kiddini, " and with that I must put up the banns and live meantime. Suppose we say this day month — will that dol" Susan blushed, and on the principle that silence gives consent, Kiddini stalked away with the understanding that he was to put up the banns and claim the pretty housemaid as his bride on the day . signified. It was in no amiable spirit Kiddini sought his lodgings in a street off Drury- lane ; and if the alderman's wife could have heard what ho muttered relative to her welfare as he passed through the crowded courts and alleys, she would have been more opposed to the marriage than ever. O, what an anxious period was the four weeks prior to the "day when Susan was to become a wife ! The pretty housemaid was an expert needlewoman, and, like an economic creature as she was, made the wedding-dress herself — a slate-coloured silk with spots, some thing that would prove useful on a future day, and which had been presented her by the Misses Jobbins, who, despite the fact that it was ojly one of their servants who was about to be married, took a wonderful interest in all that was going on, and spent a good deal more time in the kitchen than cook desired. Then there was Mrs. Jobbins, full of wise counsel and cautions as to the pitfalls of matrimonial life. Every one in the house thought it their duty in some way to interfere in the marriage preparations. At last came the eventful morn, and Kiddini, leaping from his couch and peering through the slip of blind which adorned the dirty window of his lodging, observed with no feelings of delight that the rain was descending in torrents. " Hump ! " he growled ; " obliged to have cabs now, I suppose." Involuntarily his hands sought his trousers- pocket, and then, finding that the sum of five- and- sixponce was contained therein, he began to make his toilet. It certainly was a depressing morning — the boughs of the trees in the square drooped in the wet, the rain pattered steadily upon the pavement, and a warm close atmosphere increased the general gloom and dejection. Susan was to be married from the house in the mews, where her intimacy with Kiddini had begun; and wishing good Mrs. Jobbins and hor daughters farewell, with tears in her eyes she started for her friend's house a night prior to the bridal. Cook, of course, was to be principal bridesmaid, and insisted that none but herself should arrange the slate-coloured silk, lace shawl (a parting present from Susan's late mistress), and white-tulle bonnet. Nine, ten, eleven o'clock, and still the rain descended as steadily as ever. Poor girl, it was not a very pleasing commencement of her wifely career, but cook succeeded in eradicating all traces of her emotion just as the bridegroom with three cabs rattled up to the door. On their way to the parish church they were compelled to pass the shop of the rejected Perks, and Susan could not refrain from turning her eyes in that direction. She noticed that the shop was full of customers, and — yes, there was her former betrothed with black apron tied tightly round his waist, darting about his premises as busy as a bee in his efforts not to keep his customers waiting. "Ho seems to be doing well; tho shop is full," remarked Susan to her chief brides maid. "People say he's got the best business in the street," responded cook. Susan breathed a sigh, and wondered after all whether she had taken sufficient notice of Perks's caution, end had indeed made a mis take — whether a penniless dancing-master was so many degrees superior to a prosperous grocer. She had not much time for reverie, as in a moment the cabs dashed up to the ohuroh-door, and Susan had to run the gauntlet of a line of admiring women and children, who, despite the drizzling rain, had gathered to witness the marriage cortege. The bride shivered as she got out of the vehicle, and without waiting for her lover's arm, hurried out of the damp air into the church. Expecting that Kiddini would imme diately follow, Susan became somewhat sur prised when five minutes elapsed and he had not made his appearance ; still more astonished was she when, going to the church portal to see what detained him, she observed hor be trothed tightly clasped by a gaunt, wretched- looking woman, and five poorly-clad children hanging on to his arms, legs, ooat-tailn, and other portions of hiB clothes capublo of seizure. "What — what is the meaning of this?" inquired Sasan, her eyes flashing with indig nation. Not a word escaped Kiddini, who, with pallid faoe, remained perfectly helpless in the hands of those who bad taken possession of him. "Kiddini," exolaimed the bride, "why don't you speak ? " By this time the woman and ohildren had dragged the bridegroom into tho church, and the doors had been dosed upon the rabble attraoted by the disturbance outside. When the woman knew that her prisoner oould not escape, she released her hold, and turning to the indignant Susan, said : "Begging you pardon, miss, this is my hnBband, and these are our five ohildren, born in lawful wedlock. He deserted me and the little ones two years ago at Manchester, and sinqe then I've been roaming abont in searoh of him ; and if it hadn't been for the rain this blessed morning, whioh made me take shelter here, perhaps I shouldn't have found him.at all. His name's Tom Kidd, and not Kiddini, as yon call him. 0, miss, you've had a lucky escape ! " All the time the woman had been speaking her five children had not in the slightest degree relaxed their hold upon their long-lost father, but clung to him with a pentinacity that made the wretched creature seek a pillar for support. As for poor Susan, the words seemed to sear into her brain ; hut to doubt what she had heard was impossible when she glanced at the helpless harlequin and saw his wretched plight. "Take me home, cook, take me home," Bhe said, resigning herself to her faithful friend ; then entering one of the cabs which had waited the conclusion of the projected marriage, she fell into a swoon. When she got back to tbe little honse ( down the mews, it transpired that her friends knew scarcely any more of Kiddini than did Susan herself; they had met him at the abode of an acquaintance, and, on the strength of a vague intimation that at any time they would be glad to see him whenever he passed that way, he bad become a constant visitor to the house for some weeks prior to- his meeting with Sasan. An overwhelming sense of the narrow escape she had had so preyed upon the mind of our heroine that a severe illness followed ; but tbe Jobbins'es — kind-hearted people as they were — insisted upon her being removed tack to their honse, where the skill of the family doctor and the tender nnrsing of cook soon restored Susan to health. While she was ill there was daily inquiry made at the area-gate by Mr. Perks's shop-boy rela tive to the invalid's progress ; and at last, when the roses again began to appear on her cheeks, Mr. Perks himself called. He blushed deeply when he encountered the gaze of cook, and pleaded that he had given his boy a holiday ; but cook was a little bit too experienced to be deceived by such an excuse as that. She aBked Mr. Perks if he would not step into the kitchen to rest himself just for a few minutes, at which the grocer hesitated ; but after a desperate effort he followed his friend down the area-steps. He bad not expected to see Susan, or of course he would not have come down into tbe kitchen ; but when he was fairly inside the door, and saw her wasted form enveloped in warm shawls before the fire, he could not retreat with dignity without speaking. Just at that moment cook remem bered that there were some fowls to be dressed for dinner, and that she must see abont them without delay ; so giving Mr. Perks a hearty grip of the hand, and informing him that be knew his way out when he wanted to, go, this artful cook beat a hasty retreat, and closing the door behind her, left the young people alone. It was very awkward, and in their inner most thoughts both considered cook a stupid blundering thing. The topio of the weather is soon exhausted, and Perks delicacy woald not allow him to converse much about Susan's illneBS, knowing the causes that had led to it. So they sat silently looking into the fire, until Susan, with her face suffused with blushes, said : " I have for a long time been wanting to confess to you that I was in the wrong when we quarrelled, but have not bad the courage to do so. My illness has taught me much — among other things, that I ought to acknow ledge a wrong when committed, and that I ought never to intentionally wound a honest trusting heart. Mr. Perks — " "No, Susan, call me Tom, as you used to do," interrupted Mr. Perks, his face glowing with as much colour as the flaming coals into which he gazed. "Well, then, Tom, if you wish it. I feel that I did you a wrong, and I know I caused you distress of mind at the time ; but I am heartily Borry now, and I want you to forgive me. Will you?" She raised her face as she conoluded, and looked so pleadingly at him, that Tom Perks felt a big lump rise in his throat which render ed him BpeechleBS ; but he seized her hand, and gave it so hearty a shako that his fervour proved almost too much for her weak con dition. "Tom," she added, when she had recovered a little, "you warned me once against making a mistake. I was a foolish girl then and dis dained your advice; had I been wise I should have heeded your words, for they have proved only too true." "But," gasped Mr. Perks, " mistakes may be corrected, and it is never too late to mend. Let us suppose the past eighteen months have passed in a dream. In short, Susan let us be to each other as we were once. My heart beats as warmly as ever for you. Will it take me long, do yon think, to regain your love ?" A smile of happiness passed over Susan's face as she held forth ber hand ; and as he eagerly grasped it it really seemed as though the post had been but a dream ; for even when Kiddini's influence was strongest upon her, there hnd always been a lingering thought of Tom Perks in her memory ; and now that he was again by her side, she experienced a sense of peace to which she had long been a stranger. How pleasant was the story told in Mr. Jobbins'a kitchen that autnmn morning ! And yet 'twas an old tale. But whether whisper ed under shady trees, in drawing- room, attic, or collar, it has tho same interest ns of yore, and until time itself shall cease, will remain ever fresh nnd dear. Tho following year, when spring was lapsing into summer, auothor wodding-party set out for the parish church, and this time thero was no interruption to tho service nor opposition on the part of Mrs. Jobbins and her daughters, who persistently expressed their opinion that in marrying Mr. Perks SuBan had indeed acted wisely. Tho £40 in the savings-bank was not required, and in that Becure depository the money remained for many a year afterwards. As for Kiddini, he is about the country pursuing his profession, but Sasan has never seen him since the memorable occasion at the church-porch, and save at Christmas-time, when her husband — now the owner of three grocery establishments in the metropolis — takes herself nnd tbe children to see a panto mime, her thoughts never revert to harlequins or their associations. Amid her prosperity Susan does not forget her old acquaintances, and there is always a hearty welcome for cook whenever she likes to call. Susan's sympathetic heart often bleeds for her friend, who has married a house-painter, earning in his beat times twenty- eight shillings per week, and who is given to spending his wages in drink, and then ill- treating his wife. Perhaps the time is shortly at hand when cook will leave her husband, and take np her abode permanently with the Perkses. Thus Snsan, after nearly committing an act which would have wrecked her fntnre, has become transformed from the trimmest house maid to the happiest wife in the district of Bloomsbnry. 