THE CENTENNIAL CANTATA. From this hundred-terraced height Bight more large with nobler light Ranges down yon towering years ; Humble smiles and lordlier tears Shine and fall, shine and fall, While old voices rise and call Yonder where the to-and-fro Weltering of my Long-Ago Moves about the moveless bose Far below my resting-place. Mayflower, Mayflower, slowly hither flying Trembling, Westward o'er yon balking sea, Hearts within "Farewell dear England'' sighing, Winds without, " But dear in vain" replying, G-ray-lipp'd waves about thee shouted, crying "Nol ItBhallnotbe." Jamestown, out of thee Plymouth, thee, thee, Albany Winter cries, '* Ye freeze ; away I" Fever cries, "Ye burn ; away !" Hunger cries, " Ye starve ; away 1" Vengeance cries, " Your graves shall flt&y; I"' Then old Bhapes and Masks of things, Framed like Faiths or clothed like Kings Ghosts of Goods onee fleshed and fair. Grown foul Bads In ulien air War, and his most noisy lerds, Tongued with lithe and poisoned swords - Error, Terror, Eage and Grime, All in a wintry night of time Cried to me from land and sea» "No ! Thou shalt not be I" Hark I Huguenots whispering " Yea," in the dark. Puritans answering " Yea" in the dark 1 Yea, like an arrow shot true to his mark, Darts through the tyrannous heart of Denial, TaU$PVQ Hud Labour and solemn- souled Trial, Foiled, still beginning. Boiled, but not sinning. ÏÇoll through the stertorous death of the night. Toil, when wild brother wars new dark the Light Toil, and forgive, and kiss o'er, and replight. Now praise to God's oft-granted grace, Now praise to Man's undaunted face, Despite the land, despite the sea, I was : I am s and I shall be Howlong, Good Angel, O how long P Bing TOO Trom Heaven a man's own song ! «'Long as thine Art shall love true love, Long as tny Bclence truth shall know. Long as thine Eagle harms no Dove, Long as thy law by law shall grow. Long as thy God is God above, Thy brother every man below, Bo long, dear land of a'l my lore, Thy name shall shine, thy fame shall glow." O Muslo, from this height of time my Word unfold 1 lu thy large signals all men's hearts Man's Heart behold : MM-iheaven unroll thy chords as friendly flags unfurled, And wave the world's best lover's welcome to the world. Gertie- I wish I hart lived in the time of "William the Conqueror, Annie, dear. Annie-Why, love ? Goriie-Because then we should not have had BO much history to learn, and we Bhould not have had to learn tho names of all those wives of King Henry VIII. There aro glasses and glasses. " Why," said a husband to IIÍB wife, " are you always looking in the glass ?" " Because, my dear," was the auswar, " the glass I look into enables me to improve my personal uppeaxanco i the oue you look into only degrades you." One oí tho trinls of a woman's life ÍB keeping dinner gaiting for a husband. An elderly Danbury lady has a remedy for this. She sayHshe »its down to eat as Boon as tho meal ÍB ready, und then ho is sure to come. " A watched pot," she gracefully obBerveB, " never biles," 