CATHEDRAL OF ST. PETER, NOR-TH ADELAIDE. The completion of the present buildings of St. Peter's Cathedral, North Adelaide, was celebrated by a short service, held in the new place of worship, on Thursday afternoon, March 30, Eis Lordship the Bishop (Dr. Short) had invited by advertisement all who were interested to attend, and there was accordingly a large gathering. The dignitaries of the Church who took part in the service were Eis Lordship, tho Very Bev. Dean Bu3sell, the Very Eev. Archdeacon Marryat, the Very Eev. Percy Dove, Archdeacon of Flinders; and the Ber. Canon Farr. There were also present the Eevs. S. Green, A. Honner, W. H. Mudie, T. Field, F. S. Poole, H. J. Poole, "W. B. Andrews, B. Jenkins, and W. H. Sharpe, The gathering in cluded persona belonging to other deno minations, and amongst ihese was His Honor the Chief Justice (Mr. S. J, Way). Shortly after half-past 4 o'clock a procession, consisting of His , Lordship, the surpliced clergymen, and the members from the choirs of St. Paul's Church, Ohriatchurch, and All Saints*' Church, Hindmarsh, iu surpliaea. marched ud the aisle of the Cathedral to the nave, singing the 297th hymn in the collection of Ancient and Modern Hymns. When the singing waB con cluded His Lordship offered the following prayer:—Almighty and Eternal God, who in the beginning didst create all things visible and invisible: Thoudwellest not in temples made with hands, seeing Thou fillest all things, and art present everywhere; we, Thine unworthy creatures and servants, whom Thou hast per mitted to build this house to the glory of Thy name, are here assembled before Thee to offer up, through the mediation of Thy Son,. Jesus Christ, our humble praises and thanksgivings for that Thou hast prospered thus far the work of our hands upon us. Vouchsafe to sanctify us more and more to Thy service, and grant that fill they who in the faith of Thy dear Son, by whom Thou didst reconcile the world unto Thyself, gave of their substance to lay the foundation of this sanctuary, may be built up oh that most holy faith ; and that through Thy gtace this house may be a continual wi'-neBs to them and us in our daily work of Thy redeem ing love ; helping us to crucify tha flesh with its affections and lust, and drawing up our minds to high and heavenly things; so that among the sundry and manifold changes of the world our hearts may surely there be fixed where true joys are to be found through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." The " Te Deura." was then chanted by the choir, and the Very Rev. Dean Russell read the lesson for the day, viz., I. Peter, chap. ii., first 18 verses. The 320th hymn having been snng, His Lordship delivered the following address:— "Brethren—We are met together to offer our thanksgiving to the Father of our Lord Je3us Christ for that He has permitted us to erect this sanctuary to His holy name. But ' will God in very deed' hear from 'Heaven, His dwelling place, and have respect unto the prayers of' His servants V Are not His eyes ih every place, beholding the evil and the good, 'that He may reward every man according to his works?' 'At sundry times, and in divers manners,' He has declared Himself to man—■ Himself; ' the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever.' ' He hath showed thee, oh man, what is good; He hath required thee to do jnstioe, to love mercy and walk humbly with thy God.' He has never left Himself without witness in that 'He doeth good, filling our hearts with food and gladness.' He has spoken of old to His Saints—sometimes in visions, sometimes by dream, sometimes by the still small voice, sometimes in flames of fire, sometimes in angelio form, and sometimes in humian shape. ' He showed His ways unto Moses ; His works unto His ohildren of Israel,'. His presence went with them through the wilderness. He commanded a tabernacle to be made as the dwelling place of that presence and the Glory of the Lord rested upon it by night and by day. He dwelt between the oherubim on the mercy-seat of the ark; From thence proceeded, in the Temple of Solomon, the living oracles of God, given to the High Priest in times of national distress. Withdrawn for a while after the captivity, the Almighty presence appeared again in the living temple of Christ's body. ' Destroy this temple' and in three days I. will raise it again.' And when that temple was taken from the earth, another comforter, the Eternal Spirit, came to abide with the earth for ever. Now, through, the Holy Ghost, wherever two or three are gathered together in Christ's name, there God, as in His temple, is among them. 'By His spirit the whole body of the Church is governed and Banctifud,' and when we are gathered together in His name, God is very near to us, in tho. as sembly of HiB people. Thus this, place is a witness for God that He is not ' afar off,' for in 'Him we live and move and have our being.' Let this, then, be our devout convic tion, that so, in the midst of an unbelieving world, the symbol of the Cross lifted high on .this Cathedral may remind us . of our Lord's prophecy that by His cross He"'would draw all men unto Him.' Having, then, in this faith, through grace begun this work, let us in faith carry it on to completion. A few years' perseverance in giving cf our substance for this good purpose would accomplish all that we desire. Having put our hand to the plough, let us not turn back. The weak things of the world have often been found to confound tho mighty. The alms of the widow, were counted exceeding precious in the •yes of the Lord. All, then, may con tribute to the building of this sanctuary if there be but first a ' willing mind and God stir np the hearts of the people to offer as He ha3 prospered each one of them. Give, then, freely, give cheerfully, give' as unto the Lord and not unto men. Make an offering, if you., will, before you leave this place, or whenever,, or wherever, or to whatever amount it seemeth to you good. And the Lord Almighty bless: you. Amen." The service closed with singing^ and the pronouncing of the benediction. Mr. . Landergan ably presided at the harmonium, and Mr. H. Button acted as leader of the choir-. An offertory was made in aid of the funds of the Cathedral. 