ROME AND PIO NONO. . . 'i . The Rev. Colin M 'Cullock delivered a lecture on tlie above subject in- Wickham Terrace Pres byterian Church, ou Monday evening the 2(5th June. Mr. J. S. Korr, President of 'tne Queens land Presbyterian Sabbath School Uriiori. occu- pied the chair. Notwithstanding that "rain fell steadily the whole day, that# the evening was very dark and uninviting, and'tbat the . streets were all but impassable, there was : 'an attend ance of about 250 persons. ' / , | The reverend ' gentleman stated that although he delivered a lecture on " Rome " on the 29fch May last, yet he then dealt with the Rome of the Ctesars only— the Rome of magnificent: sculptures and gorgeous temples ; /but he would on that" ; occasion, treat of Rome and of Pio Nono. The rise aud steady growth of ancient Rome might well form the sribject of considera tion to the student for all time to come— so re mai-kable had it become. Dariiel first saw it. as a tiny horn struggling pluckily for growth beT side other large horns ; the great difficulty it had to overcome was to get a position ; that at: tained, the mighty Gollnssus steadily flourished till the influence it exercised was felt arid feared all the world over. Proud kings outvied with each other in their humble prostrations at the Pope's feet ; they were jealous of the dignity; of holding his stirrup irons, and laid/bare their nbeiks fpr his foot. Truly it has -been -.a'-, study for tho inost astute minds tor 300 'years," 'how the small mustard seed had grown, till it had ! become the largest tree in the field, / He did not wish' to speak of Pio Nono as a man ; many thought that, because he. lectured on Rome and Pio Nono, he had a "down" on His Holiness the Pope ; such' was not thri fact, however ; he had'always looked oh him, as a good,/ quiet-going old gehtleihan. ' He had had none but0, the kind liest recollection . of the Pope siuce;hc had seen him and obtained from him a friendly recogni tion. Gladstone spoke highly of the Pope as a .man ; , but he condemned the .system of which heJ'is the head/ with no uncertain sourid'not- withstanding. ; Gladstone had stated it was im possible to become converted to Romanism without renouncing personal freedom, and that .'Rome, repudiated both modern thought Zand ancient history, and still remained tlie same-old rusty thing which she had long been. The Pope had retaliated, and Z had called Gladstone ' a viper ..; yet the great statesman, unabashed,, had strubk' forcible blows a£/an«l.an.:':We!irpri doors of the Papacy. But he.would'trieflyrdes- cribe his own personal view of -Pio -Nono. Pro ceeding through the city, Ke "f6un"dhimself up .to .the '.ankles in mud/and mud with, the most '.villain'oris, smell. '.Adelaiderstte'et, ji'u'Brisbahe, had become notorious for the extent. to which it .'tested the powers of the olfactory member :; but with Adelaide and Creek-streets thrown in, t.wpuld .be ifapossible.td; make any- perceptible difference in the fpul odours of the Via di Spirito Santo,' By the name (Holy Ghost-street) one would expect cleanliness ;- but alas ! his nose mould remember the smell even then. None but a... scientific Nisbett could effectually purify the 'Aii'creari stable of the Viadi Snirito Santo. Yet r in Rome, one rises to' the true, ideal of living 'waters; the most gorgeous ..fountains of " lucid water, surprise the visitor. The Eontano" di Trevi, with its pellucid .stream rushing down over a picturesque rock,, a figure of Neptune controlling the flood, makes- a; stranger stand and gaze in wonder. Wandering into Il.Corso, the old site of the Campus Martius,. the prin cipal, street of Rome, he saw the .train of the Pope approaching. . He had pictured him as an old worn-out man, who had subsisted on parched peas and cold water ; lirit, how mistaken ! He awaited the approach of the imposing pageant of of 80 noblemen under the command of one .of the -Roiriari priests, before 'whom priests throw themselves on their, knees, .and mothers, on .their knees too, hold, up their . little" , bribes to '(receive the enriching blessing of. the Pope, who rode .in a most magnificent chariot drawn by stately horses. The old , gentleman did not appear more than sixty-five years old ; and he was. really amazed to find ; him of such goodly proportions — the plnmp and shiny ness of his person were quite astonishing, considering that he had so thrived on parched peas and cold .water. He wore a red cap and was enrobed in a snowy white garment. After his return from "Rome, he stated, in the Gity Hall, at Glasgow, the impressions which his visit had made on his mind. He was fully convinced of the powerful influence which Popery exerted on the political world ; but the people of Rome were, more than any others, chained to this bondage. They had the very strongest antipathy to Protestant ism ; every department was in the hands of the priests, who had by means of the Inquisition suppressed all liberty of discussion, and exer-. cised no influence but that of superstitiori, igno rance, and fear. But the Italians did not know true freedom. They longed for' freedom, but not British frecdoin. It was rather French liberty,, with its light grace .and its passionate craving for leadership; which they wanted. All Roman eyes turned towards Paris, where they thought was to be found the Elysian of bliss-! for the slavery of conscience still con tinued in Italy. It was a noble country, with an aspiring people; whose dark large eye, fall of melancholy, and tho glow of then- mobile features," zihowed hope was not yet extinct. Italy Iwa3Znot ripe for freedom. Bnt if she got hold of the Bible and the Bible got hold of her, what a magnanimous nation would rise up ! These were his words when he spoke in Glasgow after his visit. And the freedom for which the people then panted has since been; tasted by them, and heartily enjoyed. Victor -' Emmanuel had set the people of Rome free. The Pope had many palaces, but he was now confined by naughty Emmanuel to the Vatican. Still from his own sight of this palace, he thought it was'not sucb-a bad thing' after all to be a Pope. .No wonder Pio Nono ran after Rome's Liberator with, bell, book, and candle to scare him from the city— his loss would have been bo great ! Passing 'through the Quirinal garden, he saw a really beautiful child, most tastefully dressed, and evidently well cared for. Who was-she? How did she come there ? The Pope .was ' not a married man, and the priests lived 'in holy celibacy. It was impossible to account satisfactorily for her presence, so it Was charitably surmised that she was ja real; live cherub from heaven. St. Peter's was mag nificent ! He might give them an idea of its stupendousness when he told them it. stood on five acres of ground, while St. Paul's, iu London, occupied only two acres. It waB at St. Peter's that the (Ecumenical Council was held on the Sth December, 1869 — called (ecumenical, he supposed, becaused there were present repre sentatives of Romanistn from all over the world. The internal splendour of the gigantic edifice really bewildered and dazzled Zthe imagination; there were within its walls -/sculptures and paintings the most valuable in the world. But it was sufficient to " say the building and its adornings were the joirit production. of the'two great masters of art, Michael Angelo and Raphael. In this famous structure, all the princes and dignitaries of the Itomish Church assembled to vote the Pope infallible. Strange that that act should have been .reserved, for the nineteenth century! Did it not look like - a middle-age deed ? like a huge boulder precipi tated into an open plain — far from its native belongings? And yet this had been called a "scientific century, though Faraday and other great minds were riot of that opinion. It was a fact, notwithstanding, in this age the Pope had been voted infallible ; and it had been stnted that a fearful and angry storm burst over St. Peter's when the words were being pronounced by which; he was made a: god. The heavens grew, black and .heavy, and flash npon flash of lightning shone angrily through the windows of the building, as if Nature herself reyolted at the blasphemous ceremony. There was a mean ing in that ! The very' friends of Popery had dealt tlie system the .first death blow ; other shocks it soo a received. France declared war -with .Prussia ; 300,000 fiery little : Frenehirien. with their. chassepOts, from which so much was expected/ hastened to take possession of Berlin; but it was needless for him to state that they never reached Berlin. .; On 'the. other hand they had to withdraw their forces from Rome. , -/The people of Italy seized the opportunity, and by their vote declared- Victor.' Emmanuel supreme : ruler,' who, accordingly; drove into Rome as. his capital, to the Quirinal Palace, "and took posses sion iri; the name of ' United Italy; ; Then it was the Pope-.-calledihimself a.'pQ'Or.iprisoner, and anathematised: the King. . The rev. gentleman here read the famous curse which; the. Popei is said to have hurled against Victor Emmanuel. Another thing which hastened the downfall of the Popedom was the , number , of images to \- which , the people rendered the most servile adoration,. There was no place in the world Where there were more relics than' in Rome. There were limbs of every apostlo, and_ memen toes "of all ..th.e most , notable- saints5 enrolled7 in Rome's .history. ,. The city was cramiried with lying wonders, by which thousands of souls had been for ever destroyed; But' Rome was now free. " 1 ; Tlie ' Bi ble , was b.eirig' circiilated; within her' walls by the .thousand ; she had a"1 free Government ; and the voices of such reformers as. Gavazzi and ZHyacinthe .'.would ultimately . effect' the . complete . downfall /of the Z already crumbling system by which the world had been, for ages beguiled. 3r ' At the close, the lecturer sat down amidst the most'erithusiastic nlaudits from the aridience. ' — Q lieeiislarid EoanaClical Standard. ' ' ' ' Educational Legislation. --.The, London correspondent of the Manchester Guardidn, :yrao is usually well informed, writes Among the many statements . that are. current respecting the intentions of the Government. in respect of further legislation on the subject of: education, I may mention one which I believe in the main, will be found trustworthy. There are to be two Bills, if time will permit of their being in troduced, but .the first and most important, is the one immediately referred to in the 'Queen's Speech. That measure will give an impetus, under certain conditions, to tne spread of the present system of School Boards, vpluntary and enforced, and' largely extend -the/ present con fined area subject to compulsory attendance at school. It is also expected that as a counter weight to this modification of the compulsory and universal system, Lord Sandon's Bill will exempt those parishioners from liability to' the School Board rates who show that they pay a certain sum annually for the education of their children in other elementary schools. I should not, however, be surprised if that exemption be made — not, as I am well informed, and as .just described, bnt in favour of the subscribers to voluntary schools. If in favour of the parents the effect of an Act of that kind would be to fill the voluntary schools first, the overflow re presenting those who would have to pay both school fees and rates besides. The second Bill will come, as I have previously indicated, from . the Home Secretary, and will relate to an ex tension of the Factory Acts in so far as they bear upon education, and thus be the first fruit of the recommendations of the Factory Acts Extension Commission. The first Masonic Lodge , of Jerusalem is a beautiful illustration of the cosinopolitan nature of the principles of brotherly love in practical operation. . The Master is an American,, the Fast- Master an Englishman, the Senior Warden a German, the Junior Warden' a native, the Treasurer a Turk, the Secretary a Frenchman, the Senior Deacon a Persian, and the Junior Deacon a Turk. There are Christians. Mahom- medons and Jews in the Lodge."- —Jewish Tim:s - 