!tv3as aacl Plaints- [FROM •• THE GROWLEHY."] The v, riter t—::intn-; w n<j : he live, -no inciter where, and his qualifications for \vriiii:_- (no rudeness int< jd) please to li'H 1 : out ! lie will in all likelihood give you a!l :i hnock. IV-m this week, Dick nest week, and Hany the wvek after. The weaker sex. too, in all probability will sometimes come iri for it (meaning the Y.P. Adccrtincr) and enquire, as they do at the Post Office. anything for Me .' Yes. there will bt: a smack all round for '.lie ladies also, of course in token of affection. One J. Jones, name of illustrious sound, has been it seems stirring up Northern Territory affairs, and " representing his own views, and the wishes of the residents who have a stake in the Territory." Good for .1. Jones, and may his steak never be diminished. Mine I take at present out of the. Territory. A martyr lately gave up the ghost in Adelaide, at the Lunatic Asylum, after a few days' stay. She is described as a woman of sound sense, of a sensitive mind. Even if not a martyr, her usage was not quite O. K. Being a woman, she had also the misfortune to be a wife and a mother. The papers call it a singular case, but we may properly call it a plural one, there being the following complication of disorders : puerperal fever., ail execution in her home, and a polished, gentlemanly drunken husband. Please remember to bless Mrs. Hart, of Gouger St., who acted, shall I say? no. p/ rftrr/iud the part of the Good Samari- ; tan. Is there not a good opening in the Newspaper line for a class of Advertisements which are not quite unknown, though rare. Those I mean expressive of our "sorrow for having done, so." An additional canvasser, with special instructions, would and ought to bring in a lot of business. lie might wait upon unsuccessful candidates—persons general! j' who have made fools of themselves, and look in with some uncertainty as to results, at the homes of newly-wedded couples, about three months after mnrrinee. At Port Pirie. I see. the baser sort have been rowing," and it seems putting themselves on the level of Iroquois Indians. How very disgraceful , , ;, but ., I must , ,, own ^ . that , wittim a hundred miles of Moonta, m a j certain place where a little while ago it wa said that the population was al; converted, sound of tinkcttling and riotous behaviour are still sometimes heard. The ladies have been getting it pretty severely from more than one quarter of late. Worst of all. it is remarked in the ''Wallaroo Jottings" that •' you could see the points of arrows bristling from every feminine face/" Diminutive, you know, but ve-ry sagacious. Still, the metaphor is not quite free f om possible confusion. The tongue is emphatically the feminine weapon,—the arr.uv : and 1 regret to say that I cannot conceive, and what is more I won't conceive, of several scores—perhaps hundreds of my gentle fri nds sitting with each arrow point (that is tongue point) protruded. Dr, Antlitf did well, but not thai mull : don't you believe it. Now as we find still the attraction of " lovely wonir;n." what about domesticity and the factory question. For my part, I do not reject the factory solution. There are certain things said about girls demoralizing one another in such places. So they say similar things about large boys' boarding schools: so they say about large Girls' schools: and finally so they say about mixed schools. The best way to say is that such and such knowledge comes to young men and young women ; the knowledge should not be premature, neither should it come too late. Prudery and vie • are both mischievous. Cousin Jack perhaps dc-s not like his maid to go away from t'e district among strangers, too far away for frequent intercourse. The demand for domesticservants here are not very extensive, therefore I say start one or more clothing or other factories on such a scale as shall employ ISO or 200 girls. The superfluity of female labour should be represented in Adelaide. Likewise, as domesticity is exceedingly valuable, and as employers and marriageable men reckon good girls worth their weight in gold, let some training of this kind be provided for the dear girls we leave behind us. THE WRITER. 