POETRY. THE CLOSING SCENE. AVithik tho sober realm of leafless trees, The russet year inhaled tho dreamy a* Tho gray barns looking from their hazy hills. O'er tho dun waters widening iuto rales, Sent down the air a greeting to tho wills, On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights wero mellowed and all sounds subdued, The hills seemed farther and the streams eanglow, As in a dream tho distant woodman hewed His whiter log with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erowhile armed with gold, The banner bright with every martial hue, Xow stood like some sad beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar of Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight; The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's com plaint ; And Jiko a star glow drowning in the light, The village church vane seemed to pale and faint-. The sentinel cock up in tho hillside crew Crew thrice—and all was stiller than before; Silent, still some replying warden blew Ilia alien horn, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay, within the elm's tall crest, Made garrulous trouble round her unfledged young; And when the oriole swung her swaying nest, My every light wiud like a censor swung. When sang the noisy martins in the eaves, The busy swallows circling ever near— Forboding, as tho rustic mind believes. An early harvest and a plenteous year. Where every bird that waked tho vernal feast Shook the sweet slumber from itswlugsat morn, To warn the reaper of tho rosy East— And now was sunless, empty, aud forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, . And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; There was no cud, no bloom upon the bowers, The spiders moved their thin shrouds night by night; The thistle down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by—passed noiseless out of sight. Amid all this, in this most dreary air, Aud where the woodbine sheds upon the porch Its crimson leares, as if the year stood there, ' Firing the floor with its inverted torch: Amid all this, the centre of tho scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheel, and with her joyous roeiu, Sat like fate and watched tho flying thread. She had known sorrow. He had walkod with her; Oft supped aud broke with her tho ashen crust, While yet her cheek was bright with summer bloom, Her country summoned and she gave her all; And twice war bowed to her his sable plume— EeguTQ the sword to hangjuponithe wall. - Begave the sword, but not the hand that drew And struck, for liberty, the dying blow. Xor him, who to his sire and country true. Fell mid the ranks of tho invading foe. Long, but not loud, the droning wheel went ou, 4 Like that low murmur of a hire at noon ; Long, but not loud, the memory of the gone Breathed throngh her lips a sad tremulous tone. At last the thread was snapped, her head was bowed; Life dropped the distaff through her hands serene; And loving neighbours smoothed her careful shroud, WIuIa death and winter closed the autumn scene. 