NEWS BY THE MAJLL.I OUR GOSSIP FROM BERLIN. Although writing only about " Berlin Gossip" I feel compelled to trench somewhat on pattrical ground, becsuse the affairs of Turkey and the question whether Bnssia will allow the si ok rnan of Constantinople to die a natural death or hasten his demise by active measures are in everybody's mouth. When the Emperor of Russia was at Warsaw in the beginning of this month (September) he was reported to have said that he must either abdicate or declare w*r against Turkey, as bis people could not and wou'd not longer stand idly by and see their co religionists in Bulgaria, ijervia, and the other Danubiau principalitiss tormented and murdered by the Turks. Whether the Gzir used the above expression or not is more than I can vouch for; but certain it is that our Emperor William sent Field-Marshal Manteuffel to Warsaw with (as it is said) a mo3* pressing message to the Russian monarch not to give up his neutral position. Manteuffel is a persona ffratutima with the Czar I Alexander; and although the letter's answer to | his uncle's advice is not yet known, still he made ! the Field-Marshal a Commander of a Russian ; cavalry regiment-a special mark of distinction, ! from which our coffeehouse politicians conclude that Alexander has accepted and adopted toe > advice tendered to him by. the Kaiser. On j Manteuffel's return from Warsaw, after first going to our Emperor, who was then at the manoeuvres at Mereeburg, near Leipsic, he re paired to Varzin, where Bismarck is now Htaying; and after ah interview with the Chan- ; cellor returned immediately to Mereeburg. As Bismarck has not thought it necessary to leave his country seat, the impression here is still that the war in Turkey will be further localized and a universal conflagration be averted. For all that the political uncertainty acts most disas trously on every branch of trade aad commerce, and many people would prefer a short and- sharp decisive war instead of the present depressing attitude of continual waiting for something to happen. The popular anxiety was for a tinae greatly increased when M. Girardin's Parisian journal LM. France, of the 16th September, published an article with an ostensibly genuine notice of an offensive and defensive alliance between Russia and Germany. According to La, France this treaty was concluded on the 11th June last, and had been signed by Bismarck aud Gortsohakoff. The excitement created by this article did not. however, last long, for it was soon found out that the whole^was a canard, to amuse or to irritate the Parisians. I Although Germany may not be so directly interested in the Turkish question as Russia or Austria, stall she would never stand quietly by and see Russia taking possession of the mouth of the Danube, or much more of Constantinople; and the London Economist is perfectly correct in saying that Bismarck would soon make Russia halt on her march to Bvzanz, notwithstanding the close family ties between the Courts of Berlin and St. Petersburg. In speaking about the article in La France, some other. French 1 papers make most remarkable statements well i calculated to startle their readers. Some, for ' instance, say that Germany is to be recompensed ' for her ai-i to Russian aggrandizement by the 1 Kinedom of Holland, which is to be nolens volcns annexed to Germany; other journals make | Russia cede her Baltic provinces, Rutland and and Lifefland, to her German ally. Most Parisian i journals contain similar rational and probable ! ideas, whish oertainly can only ariss in the brains of French journalists whose forte does not j lie in the direction of plain common sense, but whose principal aim seems to be to create distrust against Germany and her statesmen. The "Ssd m Day," the2ndSeptember, has be»n celebrated throughout Germany; as a national festival in commemoration o'l the victory over Nspoleon IlL fci* yean|§igo, only the Ultramontane® and the Socialists holding themselves aloof, for _ reasons well known to every one. This festival has now taken firm root in Germany ; and while ivs celebration during the first few years had more of a military character, the people as a whote recognise and celebrate it now in all parts of our Fatherland. From every town in Germany aro reports at hand of the way in which the Sudan-Feior was carried out, and a plessing feature is the total ab-ence of demonstrations offensive to our Western neighbour France. Our Berliners made a regular holiday of the 2ad September, which had a more than usually civilian character, as the greater part of our garrison was absent during the day attending a manoeuvre in the neighbourhood of Berlin. __ The greatpoints of attraction were the inauguration of three new monuments, at two of which the Eaiperor himself attended. At 11 o'clock in the morning the people flocked to the Lustgarten, where the new 'bas-reliefs on the monument of Frederick Wil'iam III. {father of the present Emperor) were uncovered in the presence of our venerable monarch, his son, the Crown Prince, a number of other Princes, numerous eminent men, and a great multitude of poople. Tbe statue, which is an equestrian one, stands between the Palace and the Museum, and forms one of the chief ornaments of the Lustgarten, the finest pquare in the German capital. After the conclusion of the ceremony the living stream floated down the Kcinigs Strasse towards the Friedrichshaus, where a monument was to be inaugurated which Berlin has erected in com memoration of its sons who fell in the three late wars against the Danes, Austrians, and French. Tne work is very artistically executed by Pro fessor Calandrelli, who has succeeded in creating a real masterpiece. On a seven-feet high base of polished granite stands a nine-feet high group of white marble, representing an angel lifting a young dying soldier in his arm3 from the battle-ground to carry him to the abode of eternal bliss, towards which the angel points with his right hand. The two figures seem to ascsnd bodily from the ground, resting solely on the fo'ds of their garments, and the whole conception is most impressive and artistic. The whole Landsberger Platz, in the middle of which the monument stands, was filled with spectators; even the housetops had numerous occupants, and a tremendous shout arose when the cover sank aad the statue appeared. The front of the pedestal shows the figure of *' Bero linaT holding a tablet with the inscription "Berolica her fallen sons," and on the three other sides are tablets with the names of the 214 Berliners who were killed. The third and last monument inaugurated stands in the Cemetery of the Franzosische Kirche, and is erected by the parishioners of this Church in memory of its members killed in the late war. In speaking about the celebration of the day of Sedan.' the whole German Press emphasizes the peaceful character of the demonstration, in which nothing appeared to irritate our neighbours across the Voasies, -with whom to live in peace and amity is the universal wish of the German nation. In Cassel, where the two sons of the Crown ijfince are at College, Prince William, the eldest son, carried the flag of the gymnasium at the procassion of the pupih of the schools on the Sedan Tag. The months of September and October are, according to the custom of our Prussian monarchs, every year devoted to the holding of the grand military manoeuvres, which this ye<s.r attracted a greater number of foreign officers than usual. They are all guests of the Emperor, who pays all their expenses out of his private purse. On the 1st September the errand parade of the Guards was held on the Tempol hofer Feld, near Berlin, and the splendid spec tacle attracted an immense number of specta tors. On the preceding evening (t^e 30th Au gust) all the music bands and the drummers 1,476 performers-attended by a battalion of the Kaissr Alexander Grenadier Guards, bearing torches, assembled before tho Palace and gave the Emperor a grand serenade, or, as it is called here, a " Zipfenstreich." A similar performance took place on the occasion of the meeting of the three Emperors here some time ago. The infantry bands, numbering 432 men and 648 drummers, commenced the concert with Wagner's "Tannbauser March." Then came tbe " Hohenfriedberger March," performed by 396 cavalry trumpeters; and the following pieces were given alternately by the infantry and cavalry bands, till the last piece, the National Anthem, was executed by the whole oonconrse of musicians with magnificent effect. The Em peror, who appeared on the balcony of the Palace with his son and a number of other Princes and Generals, was most heartily cheered by the people, and listened to the serenade from beginning to end. On the 5th Ssptembsr, the Emperor, _ his brother Princs Charles, his nephew Prince Frederick Charles, the Grand Duke of Meckien borg-Schwerin, and a number of other Princes, went to Laips'e to attend the manoeuvres held there, which are carried oat by tbe two Haxon army corps. As 650 years have passed away since a German Emperor visited the town of Leipsic. the city had put forth all her resources to receive worthily the honoured gueBt of her King; and tho result of her endeavours was such as to surprise and gratify the Emperor to the utmost. Leipsio with its suburbs has 212,000 inhabitants, and as eight railways and innumerable vehicles oontinually brought great masses of visitors to the town, it is computed that Leipsic contained on the 5th September nearly half a million of people, all anxious to gee the German Emperor and to participate in the welcome offored him In the second town of Saxony. The Municipal CounoQ had devoted 300,000 marks (£15,000) for the purpose, and every oitizen, rich or poor, did his utmost to decorate his house; and thus the taut auembte beoame a right to be remembtred for a lifetime. On the platform of the splendidly ornamented station of tho Bavarian Railway a guard o( honour of the lOIsc' Regimuut, IbiMe' v^sU commanderthe Emperor ia, was stationed; and the "Khuf and Queen of Saxony, as wall bs *11 the other Prinoeb, mart of the Generals of the,two umj corps, and the Municipality of Leipsic, were assembled to receive and welcome the Emparor. Shortly before 5 p.m.-the bain m& the expected gusste - the Emperor, ftioot Charley- and Prinoe Frederick Charles, all wearing the broad green ribbon of the highest Saxon order (the " Haxuenkrone")-entered the station; and as the Emperor left the carriage he was received by King Albert of Saxony, and the twomonarchs embracedeachothermo6t cordially, at which eight the immense multitude in front of thestationsent Up a tremendous shontof welcome. Emperor William and King Albert now entered an open two-horse carriage, and followed by a number of other carriages containing Queen Caroline of Saxony, the other Princes, and the BuitoB of the tiro monarchs, slowly drove into the town along Windmill-street-converted into a regular avenue of pine-trees-at the end of which stood the first triumphal arch, an imita tion of an old Boman arch, bearing appropriate inscriptions, find surmounted with the Imperial Eagle. Through the Peters dtrass3, which was splendidly decorated, the procession entered the great Market-square, which, surrounded by its ancient Town Hall and old houses, all orna mented. from top to bottom, was a grand and inost characteristic eight. In front of the Town Hall stood two obelisks holding a large '* Ve larium," with an inscription stating the wish of the nation that German unity, so dearly purchased, might never be lost again. Tna citizens of Leipsic having been almost from the commencement of the Reformation steadfast adherents of the new creed, another emblem embodied this idea, viz., a colossal tibleai, repressnting an ideal female figure "Lipda," holding an open Bible in her hand. From the Market-place, the profession proceeded along the Grimmaische ijtrasse on Vo the Augustus Platz, one of the finest squares in any town in Germany, and for this occasion converted into a kind of Forum, similar to the place in front of St. Peter's in Rome. At the sides of this square stand the new Theatre, the Univer sity, the Museum, and other - fine buildings, which had been connected with two grand rows of colonnades surrounding the place, and enclos ing fountains, triumphal arches, obelisks with statues, and so fortn. After halting a little while to take a view of the square-the principal ornament of the whole via triumphalu-the pro cession passed the Goethe Strasse, where the Emperor alighted at the rather plain looking royal palace, whereas the other Princes and Generals found quarters in the housesof the prin cipal citizens of Leipsic. The Crown Prince, for instance, stay e 4 at the house of Dr. Lampe in the Marien Strasse, whose garden was splendidly illuminated in honour of his guest. In the evening the whole town of Leipsic was one blaze of light, and the illumination of the Augustus Plaz formed the climax when the Emperor appeared on the Loggia of the Theatre, and an immense gtrandola of coloured rockets and other fireworks rose from the top of the Museum high into the night air. The next day the manoeuvres, in which about 40,000 soldiers took part, and at whiuh at least six times as many spoctators were present, were held at Bohien, near Leipsic. On the 21st September, the Emperor, the Crown Prince, and Count Moltke paid a visit to King Charles of Wurtemburg. and the reception they bad in the town of Stuttgart was as grand and hearty as that in Leipsic. During the Emperor's stay at Loipzic, the Emperess Augusta opened a grand Agricultural and . Horticultural Exhibition at Erfurt, the principal seat of the Thuiingian market gardeners. The show was a great success, and the Kmurass was very pleased with it and with her reception. One of the floral wonders shown was a bouquet having a circumference of nine yards and an area of seven square yards. It was composed by Gardener J. C. Schmidt, in i Erfurt, and called by him the "Emperor's I nosegay." The flowers composing this floral masterpiece were all dried, but retained their fine colours. In the middle of the bouquet was shown the name of the Emperor in blue cornflowers, surrounded by a border of laurel leaves, fastened with satin ribbons, showing the names of the battles the Emperor had won. Abeve stood the Imperial Crown, and below the Order of the Black Eagle. As a border the bouquet showed the armorial shields of all the German States, and the ground of the whole was composed of the silvery flowers of the Helicrysum reslUitm, a rare plant of the Cape of Uocid Hope, as the stems of smaller nosegays have a covering of ornamental paper, so this giant's bouquet had a covering of satin in the German colours, and the whole is a splendid piece of workmanship. How it was possible to execute such a bouquet remains a mystery for most people who saw and admired this chef d'auvre of a gardener. After London, Paris, Vienna, and Philadelphia have had their International Exhibitions, there seems to be a probability that Berlin will also have one of these World Shows, but not before the year 1880 or even later, as our industrial classes think that a few years ought to elapse after the next Parts Exhibition before a new one is undertaken. If the Philadelphia Show was not well patronised by German manufactures, the next Paris exposition will most probably see still fewer German article?, as an opinion seems to prevail in our Fatherland that the whole idea of the Exposition in Paris sprang out of political reasons, and that German exhibitors will not have justice done them by the Parisians. This idea is not shared in by the German Govern meat, which, on the contrary, does its be it to ] induce our manufacture's and artists to make as j cood a show as possible in the Parisian Exposi tion of 1878. Probably the present depressed state of our trades and manufactures may have something to do with the disinclination to patronie the next Exposition. The great financial crash of a few years ago is still severely felt, and the political uncertainty does not con duce to mend matters. I will only point out one circumstance to show the result of the late " krach." Whereas a few years ago in Berlin hardly a bouse was to be got for love or money, and numbers of houseless people were compelled to live in tents and erections made of packing oases, these locations being called by the Ber* liners Baraehia, things are now quite altered, and last month not less than 58 houses were sold bv Sheriff's order, and this month the number of sush " Subhastations Verkaufe" will be even greater. During the flash period of three or four years ago people bought houses dearly, and with borrowed money, and are not able now to pay the interest of their mortgages. The number of inhabitants of Berlin is also sensibly declin ing, as many working men are leaving the town to seek employment in the country. In spite of this new buildings are rising up everywhere, as the builders can gat the thousand bricks now for 24s., for which they had to pay a few years ago 66s. Houses are therefore erected on specula tion. and in the hope that a second " Griinder time" may return. KHhem Pasha, the Ottoman Ambassador at our Court, received yesterday (September 23) an autograph letter from hi3 Sovereign, in which Sultan Hamid notifies his accession to the Throne, and in a few days this document will be delivered to our Emperor. As most probably the ceremony of delivering this letter will be accompanied with some oriental pomp and state, our good Berliners expect a sight which will give occasion for a good deal of gossip. Last Frilav Mr. Fi^h, the American Minister, de livered in a private audience the reply of Presi dent Grant to the letter of Emperor William congratulating his " ereat and good friend" on the hundredth birthday of American indepen dence. President Grant reciprocates the Em peror's expressions of friendship and goodwill, and hopes and trusts that the close nnion between the two nations may continue for many coming centuries. In respect to the address of our Emperor's " great and good friend,"* I may montion that the letter of' congratulation the Emperor Alexander of Russia sent to President Grant commenced rather formally with the words " Mr. President." American residents here point out the difference between the two addresses. The excavations at Olympia, the first results of which were shown in the recent exhibition of castings in the rotunda of our Museum-men tioned in my last letter-are to be resumed with increased vigour during the next half-year; and Professor Curtius, at whose instigation the works were principally undertaken, intends to go him self to Olympia, accompanied by his wife and daughters. Dr. Hirschfeld, the Greek Commis sary Domitriades, and a number of Greek soldiers and labourers, are already on the spot, and will have begun the work of untombing the treasures of architectural and plastic art hidden for bo many centuries. What results these labours may bring forth Professor Curtius has shown in two works of Ms, "Olympia" and "Pelo ponnesus" (published in 1852}, in which he gives a detailed description of the Temple of Z:us, and mentions that even in the time of Pliny the Younger (A.D. 62) there were still more than 8,000 statues extant in and near the Olympian Temple, most of them works of the highest art and beauty. I mentioned before the inauguration of some monuments here, and this reminds me that it Is in contemplation to erect statues of the two brothers Humboldt, William and Alexander. The former, statesman, linguist, and friend and oolleasrue of Stein; and the latter the famous scientist and author of *' Cosmos." The two statues will be placed in front of the University, as the most appropriate position Berlin can offer for the purpose. The recently deposed Archbishop of Poses, Oariinal Ledoohovski, has ootne to the fore ajrin faamf which may lead to eotae Inter national .«nbwgUo.y The Archbishop; who t is ?taping ** :B«d8,1m lately sent latter* to m . number_of Kobwb Oalholir- clergymen of tils former dfooea? who have'given the declaration "to conform to tiie litws ot the State. The Aroh bl&opnow; threatens thaaeclergymen witbi ex owmnfeiftin and other denes] penal tie* if fbeyjfo sot rtfaoonoe these laws and also the pecuniary assistance of the Government they are legally receiving. LedochowskfB letter was published in tba Rtickt- Anzeiger (the official GazetUfy, aad this seems to indicate that our SanniMBttitende not- to pass the matter over In silence, but to take action on it It is said that a remonstrance will be addressed to the Italian "Government not to allow former subjects of foreign States redding in Italy to foment dfsoord In countries friendly with the Italian Kingdom. People are curious to know what answer the Ministers of Victor Emanuel will send to -such a demand, involving as it does a possible rupture with the host of 'Cardinal Itedochowski-His Holiness the Pope.' Very shortly Berlin will possess, amongst her various public institutions, a Dramatic College for theedncation of actors and actresses., The late Imdwig Tiek made a similar proposal some 39 years ago, and the Minister of Education at that time took the idea up, and laid a plan for it before the King Frederick William IV., who approved of the matter, but did not carry it out, because, as it is eaid, Ministers Eiehhom and Thiele opposed it on religious grounds. After the plan has slumbered for a third of a century, it is now taken up again, with every prospect of success, as "our-Fritz," the Crown Prince, is greatly In favour of it. The express train between Hamburg and Tinlo haa to stop a few days rather unexpec tedly near the Alten-Easen Station, to the great surprise of the passengers. It came out after* wards that the. stoppage was caused by a tele gram from the police in S&mburg;, which stated that a party at seven Americans was on the train with a trunk containing a large sum of stolen English money. The unsuspecting thieves were rather taken aback when the police requested 'the pleasure of their company, and they had to ?a back to Hamburg instead of proceeding to aris, where they most likely intended to spend their booty. Oar Berlin Aquarium now contains an eminent stranger, who reoeives every day a great number of, sometime. Illustrious visitors. It is a young live gorilla, the only one who has ever been in Europe. Dr. Palkenstein got the animal during a visit to Lioango, £n Africa, and has succeeded in bringing M-pungu (the devil, as the natives call a gorilla); safe and sound to Berlin. When the steamer Loanda, with Dr. Palkenstein and his charge, arrived in Liverpool on the 29th June last, Mr. Moore, the Curator of the Liverpool Museum, and a great number of other scientists visited the hotel and saw M-pungu, and many offers to purchase the gorilla were made, but politely declined. The Directors of the Zoological Gardens in London, for instance, offered £2,000. M-pungu stands at present a little over two feet high, weighs 36 pounds, and is as playful and mischievous as any ten-year-old healthy school boy. A peculiar discovery has recently been made in the krypta or cellar of tbe Heiligegeist Kirche (Church of the Holy Ghost) in Potsdam, near Berlin. This old and in some measure a little dilapidated building is to be renovated, and as the workmen entered a long unused underground room they found therein a well-preserved coffin, on which a plate stated that this was the last resting- place of a merchant named Weissbach, who died on the 7th September, 1754. To the surprise of the work men, who lifted off the coffiu lid, the body of the dead man was perfectly preserved, being entirely mummified, so that the features were quite recognisable. The dress, a black velvet one, is aiso in a perfect state of oreservation, although the body has lain just 122 years in its coffin-for, strange to say, the discovery hap-3 pened on the 7th September, the very day on which 122 years ago Mr. Weisshach was buried. This sinsrular discovery lu»s created so much excitement that the Church authorities felt themselves compelled to close the vault where the coffin is kept. 