? POLICE COURTS. T H I S D A T . ADELAIDE: MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] Joseph Carlyle, labourer, was fined 10s. for drunkenness, and for using indecent language in Hindley-etreet, on December 3, was fined 10a. and costs. Walter Isaacs, Martha Coglin, and Annie. Jones were each fined 10s. for drunkenness. Harry But ton was fined 5s. for drunkenness, ani 5s. for assaulting Lance-corporal Kerr. F/.omas Howard was fined £2 for a similar offi ce on the fame occasion. He was also cha ged with_ assaulting James Johnson while he was assisting Lance-corporal Kerr, but this case was dismissed. Francis Johnson was fined 10s. for drunkenness, and Edward Dinham, a lad, for a like offence, was fined 5s., and 10s. for using indecent language in Light- square on December 2. Patrick Hayes and Bridget Leake, old offenders, and James Duncan, were fined 10s. for drunkenness. William Harris was fined 10s. for using indecent language in Clarendon-street on December 2. John Freudeiiburg was charged with disturbing the peace and good order of the Horse and Jockey Hotel, Carrington-street, on December 2. On defendant paying 53. the charge was with* drawn. Charles Coster was charged by Emma Miller, single woman, with assaulting her on November 11, at Adelaide. Mr. Wadey for defendant. Fined 10s. and costs. The same defendant, for assaulting Henrietta Figg on the same occasion, was fined £1 and costs. William Ross was charged with being the person for whom a warrant was issued for embezzlement in Melbourne. Remanded to Melbourne. diaries Johnson, a coloured man, was charged with stealing a bunch of flowers, value 4dL, from James Ansley, at the Scotch Thistle Hotel, on December 2. Dismiessed. Alexander Scott, an old man, was charged with wandering about and having no lawful means of support, and therefore deemed to be an idle and disorderly person within the meaning of the Police Act. Detective Doyle said the prisoner had been convicted of larceny. There were a number of persons who lived in West Adelaide, and if any drunken bushman happened to fall into their hands, he was. often assaulted and robbed. This man was one of them. For the defence, a witness was called to ahow that defendanthad been working at Salisbury some timeago, As the defendant said he was going into the country the case was dismissed. George Thomas and Patrick Hogan, charged with similar offences, were discharged. James Kennedy and Richard Roberts, labourers, were charged with similar offences, and sentenced to 21 days' imprisonment, to data from the next term of conviction. Henry Clark, for a like offence, was sentenced to 21 days' imprisonment. Michael Morris, Joseph Hollmann, Mixhaxl Coleman, for like offences, were discharged on promising to work. Similar charges were preferred against Henry Phillips and Agnes Saniford. The former was discharged, bnt the latter was sentenced to 21 day3* imprisonment. Thomas Williams was charged by Thomas Lynch, blacksmith, with feloniously stealing a blacksmith's hammer, value 5a., shoeinghammor, value 2s. 6d., and pair of pinchers, value 4s., at Adelaide, on December 1. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and wa3 sentenced to 21 days' imprisonment. TI-EIS jy^rs-. PORT ADELAIDE: MONDAY, DECEMBER 4. [Before Mr. EL C. E. Muecke, J.P.] Three men were fined 5s. each for drunkenness. Frederick West was fined 10s. for being found drunk on board the ship Duntrune. John Wakefield Pascoe, an elderly man, was charged with sleeping in the open air and having no visible means of support. Defendant, who was found asleep on some logs of timber about 2 o'clock on the previous morning, said he was resting himself after walking from town. Dis- charged with a caution. DINNER AT KAPUNDA—On Friday evening, December 1, the Municipal elections being over, Host Hooper of the Prince of Wales Hotel, Kapunda, invited the Mayor and Corporation, past or present, and their friends to partake of his hospitality at a dinner in the large dining-room of the hotel. About 20 gentlemen were present, and Dr. Blood, the Mayor elect, presided, supported on his right by two of the defeated candidates- Messrs. Wm. Rowett and Pratten, and on the left by Messrs. Trevaskis and Trenerry (Councillors elect.) The Chairman, after the usual loyal tossts, proposed their host (Mr. Hooper), who had cn the occasion given them such a reception, and within so short a time. Mr. Hooper's wish was not that of entertaining only ifce candidates at his end of the town, or any particular party, but all of them. Be only regretted the absence of the other candidates. The toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Mr. Price responded. The Chairman next gave "The Successful Candidates," feeling assured the result of ths elestion was of a most satisfactory nature, end that tbe ratepayers had properly exercisjd their franchise in regard to them. All were good men of business, and he had no doubt would woi'k well together. After " Tho Unsuccessful Candidates" had been proposed, Mr. Trenerry said the company should not be unmindful of one important toast, which up to the present had not been given, although he was sure it was not forgotten—that of their old and respected Dcctor, the successful candidate for the Mayoralty, one who had faithfully served them when Kapunda was formed into a Corporation, and had subsequently shown considerable desire in every way to enhance its prosperity. The Doctor, in returning thanks, felt very much the kindness that had been shown to him, and although advancing in years it was to him a source of delight to see so many of his old friends rally round him as they that day had done to place him again in the honourable position as their Mayor. Ee believed the friends cn both sides had worked their uttermost, as evinced by the close polling of the ratepayers, and he regarded his victory in consequence as far more complimentary. He had the* greatest respect for his opponent, Mr. Cameron; but when requested by so large a number of ratepayers, in justice to them he considered he had no alternative but to again place his services at their disposal. He assured thsm he had not yet lo£t all Ms energy, and he hoped at the expiration of bis term he should rstire to the satisfasticn of all who had imposed th3ir confidence ia him. Several other toasts, interspersed with some excellent soaes, brought to a conclusion a most enjoyable eveniEg. ADELAIDE HOSPITAL SUPPLIES.—The tenders cf the following persons have been aaceptsd fcr supplies to this inEtiiution during th9 ensuing year:—For medicines. , F. E. Grundy; port and sherry, W. Milnoj jutu; soda water, F. G. Fcllctt: ale and porter, Haussen & Co.; milk, Luke Franklin; bread, Robt. Birrell; me it, W. Either; groceries and Hour, Joel Lyons; spirits, it. H. VPigg; coals, H. Simpson; burials, J. Witsombe; clock-winding, &e.;, T. B. Haley. THEATEE KOYAL,—The Fakir cf Oolu had another good house on Saturday night; in fact tho boxes we: e better filled than on any previous evening. Dr. Silvester is thoroughly at home on the stage, and has the remarkable talent of making a success of everything he attempts. His present programme is in _ almost every respect— except perhaps the chief and most charming portion cf ii—different from that which he presented when last in Adelaide,^but it equally deserves the popularity it has won. His sons, too, are decidedly clever, and the other members of his company have their particular by all levers ef tbe beautiful. The Faki; announces t: Tho Great Ghost Elusion" for this evening, tad v. e have no doubt all visitors to the Koyal \<ili b3 pleased, mystified, or possibly both. " Hark Trrau?, lecturing on the Sandwich Islands, oli'ered to show how tho cannibals eat their food if any Inly would lend him a baby. The lectuie was not illustrated. A stout but distinguished lady went to a fancy ball dressed as a shepherdess. Her mild husband, on seeing her thus attired, said—"Sarah, dear, vou look like a shepherdess who has dined cn her flock.'! 