`TH NOVWIST. THE DAY OF MY DEATH. ..(r ra A0urn3o " oA~TE AJia.") (Continued.) '.:[y friend, the clergyman, made me thae deSired, visit in January. For a week after his arrival, as if my tor aientors, were bent on convincing my almost only fsiend that I was a fool or i'a ju?ggler, we had no disturbance at. ill beyond the ordinary rappings. These,, the reverend gentleman, con fessed were ofea singular nature, but expreised a polite desire to see some of the extraordinary manifestations of Lwhich I Ihad written him. "But one day he had risen with some Sformality to usher a formal caller to the':door, when, to his slight amazeo ment and my secret 'delight, his chair -an easy-chair of good proportions deliberately jumped up and hopped after him across the room. From this period the mystery "manifested" itself to his heart's content. Not only did the, rocking-chairs and the cane-seat chairs, and the round-backed chairs, and Tip's little chairs, and the affghans chase him about; and the heavy th?e-d-tite in the corner evince symptoms of agitation at his approach, but tho piano trundled asolemn minuet at him; the heavy walnut centre-table rose half-way to the ceiling under his eyes; the marble-topped, stand, on which he sat to keep it still,: lifted itself and him a foot from the ground; his coffee-Cup.spilled over when he tried to drink, shaken by an unseen elbow; his dressing-cases disappeared fromn his bureau and hid themselves, none knew how or when, in his closets and under his bad; mysterious uncanny figures, dressed in his best clothes abd stuffed with straw, stood in his room when he came to it at night; his candlesticks walked, untouched by hands, from the: mantel into space; keys and chains fell from the air at his feet; and raw turnips dropped from the solid ceiling into his soup-plato. SWell, Garth,': said lone day, con fidentially, ' how are things? Begin to have a "retalising sense" of it, eh?' ' Let me think a while,' he answered. I lota him o .-hl. roelouiouun, and devoted my attention for a day or two to Gertrude Fellows. She seemed to have been of late receiving less ridi culous, less indefinite, and more important.moessages from her spiritual acquaintances. The burden of them was directed at me. They were some. times confused, but never contradictory, and the sum of them, as I cast it up, was this: A former occupant of the house, one Timothy:Jabbers, had been in early life connected in the drygoods business withl.my. wife's father, and had, unknown to any but himself, defrauded his partner of a considerable sum for a 'youo:. swlndler,-some five hundred dollars, I think. This fact, kept in the knowledge only of God and the guilty man, had been his agony since his death. In the parlance of Spirit ualism, he could never ' purify' his soul and rise to a higher 'sphere ' till he had:made restitution,-though to that part of the communications I paid little attention. This money my wife, as her father's living heir, wts entitled to, and this money I was desired to claim for her from Mr. Jabber'p, estate, then in the hands of some wealthy nephews. I made some inquiries, whic' led to the discovery that there had bees a Mr. Timothy Jabbers ence the occu pant of our house, that le had at one period been in business with my wife's fathler,' that he was now many years \- dead, and that his nephews in Now York were his heirs. We never attempted to bring any claim- upon them, for three reasons: in the first place, because -ve kneow we shouldn't get the money; in the second, because such a procedure would give so palp. able an 'object' in people's eyes for the disturbances at the house, that we should, in all probability, lose the entire confidence of the entire non spiritualistic community; thirdly, b?ecause I thought it problematical wshether any constable of ordinary size and courage could be found who would undertake to summon the witness to testify in the county court at Atkins. , llle., I -mention the matter only becnuse, Son the theories of piriltualism, it appeared to give some point and ,occasion to the phenomena, and their i-nfesting that particular house. Whether poor Mr. T'mothy Jabbers felt relieved by having unburdened himself of his confession, I cannot state;, but after he found that I paid some attention to Iis messages, lihe gradually ceased to express himself through turnips, and cold keys; the rappings grew less violent and frequent, and finally cessed altogether. Shortly after that Miss Fellows woent home. Gnrth and I talked matters over tile day after she Inft. lie hiadl brought ,hls 'thinking' to a close, wlilttled lil 'opinions to a poiilt, nad wos quite ready to stick them Into their pisces for my benefict, and leave them there, as George Girtlh loft all his opinlons, immoPvable as tile ovcrilsstlig hills. .' ilow itrci, had sihe to do-with it nsow,-tlio Fellows?' ' Proelsely what she seid she lhd, no more. She wis a medium, but not a juggler.' 'No trickery about the affair, then?' ' No trickery could have sent that turnip into my soUijYplate, or that candlestick-walking Into the air. There is a great deal of trickery mixed with such phenomena. The next case you come across may be a regular cheat; but you will find It out,-you'll find it out. You've.had three months to find this out, and you couldn't. Whatever may be.the explanation of the mystery, the man who can witness what you and Ihave witnessed, and pronounce it the trick, of .that incapable, :washed.out woman, is either a liar or a fool. 'You understand yourself and your wife, and. you've tested your servants faithfully; so we're somewhat narrowed in our conclusions.' ' Well, then, what's the matter?' I was, I confess, a little..startled by the vehemence with which my frieud brought his clerical fist down upon the table, and exclaimed: 'The Devil I' 'Dear me, Garth, don't swear; you n search of a pulpit just at this time, too I'- " 'I tell you I never spoke more solemnly. I cannot, in 'the face of 'acts, ascribe all these phenomena to s ,uman agency. Something that comes 1 we know' not whence, and goes we cnow not whither, is at work there in t le dark. I am driven to grant to it ne- extra-humanu, power. Yet ,when I meat flabby Miss Follows, in the trance state, undertakes to bring me messages I 'rom .my dead wife, and when she I ttempts to recall the most tender c nemories of our life together, I cannot,' r -ho paused and 'turned' his face a i ittle away,-' it would be- pleasant to think I had a word fronm Mary, but I I cannot, think she is ethere.. I don't c believe good spirits concern: them oelves with this thing. It has in its r Pair developments too much nonsense I nd too much positive sin. read. few I numbers of the " Bnner," or attend a t convention or two, if you want to be c sonvinced of that. If they'renot good c spirits they'ro,bad ones, that's all.,. I've lipped into the subject in various I wayv since I have been hero; consulted t the mediums, talked with the prophets; 1 I'm convinced that there is no depen denco to be placed on the thing. You I sever learn anything from it that it is s worth while to learn; above-all, you c sever can trust its prophecies. It is ( ovil,-evil at the root; and except by physicians and scientific men it had I better be let alone. They may yet f bhrow light on .it; you and I cannot. ,propose for myself to drop: it hence. I ?'rth. In. fact, it , looks too muche oward putting one's self on terms of ictimacy with the Prince of the Powers of the Air to please me.' ' You're rather positive,' considering ,Ie difficulty of the subject,' I said.. The truth is, and it' may be about ime to own to :it, that: the thrcee nouths' siege against the mystery, a vhich I had held so pertinaciously that :inter, had driven mo to broad terms )f capitulation. I assented to most of ny friend's conclusions, but where he ;topped I Iegan a race for further ight. I understood then, for the flrst time, the- peculiar charm which I lhad often seen -work so fiatally with dabblers in Spiritualism. The fascina ion of the thing was upon mce. I ran sacked the papers for advertisements of mediums. I went from city to city t' their mysterious calls. I held seances in my parlour, and frightened my wife with messages-some of them ghastly enough- from' her dead reola tives, I ra tilheo usual gauntlet of strange seears in strange places, who told cmo my uname, the names oft' all my fricnds, dead or alive, my secret aspirations and peculiar characteristics, cny past history and future prospects. For a longtimo they never mado a failure. Absolute 'strangers told me facts about myself which not oven omy own wife know : whether they spoke with the tongues of devils, or whether, y, some unknown laws of magnetism, they simply read my thoucghts, I am not even now prepared to sty. I think if they had made a miss I should have eoen spared some suffering. Their communications haad sometimes a ridiculous aimlessness, and occasionally a subtle deviltry coated about with religion, like a pill with sugar, but often a signiflcantand fearful accuracy. Once, I remember, they foretold an indeflcite calamity to be brought upon me before sunset on the following Saturday.' 'Before sunset on tlat Saturday I- lost a thousand' dollars in milicng stock, which had stood in all Eastern eyes as solid as its own gold. At another time I was warned by a medium in Phlladlphia that my wife, then visiting in Boston, was taken suddenly ill. I had left Iher in perfect health; but feeling nevertheless uneasy, I took the night train and went directly to hoer. I found her in the agonies of a severe attack of plonrisy, just preparing to send a tele gtrmen to me. 'Their ipr'ophecies are unreliaIble, notwithstanding coincidences,' wrotu George Garth. ' Loet them alone, Frted, I hobeg of youe. You will regrot it, If you dlon't.' Ovce let meo be faily taken icn and chented to my free,' I snleo reply, 'ned I may coempress my views to your pilatform. Until tlhon I must gnng mcy oswn gait.' I now come to .the remarkable por tion of my story,-at least it soeems to me the oremarkablo portion under nty present coeedltions of visioon. Icn August of the summer followieg, Miss Fellows's visit, and the manifes tations in my house at Atkinsville, I was startled one pleasant morning, while sitting in the office of a medium in Washington street in Boston, by a singularly unpleasant communication. 'The second day of next May,' wrote the medium,-sho wrote with the forefinger of one hand upon the p Im of the other,-' the second of May, at ono o,clock in tho afternoon, you will be summoned into a spiritual state of existence.' 'I suppose, in good English, that moans I'm going to die,' I roplied, carelessly. ' Would you be so good as to write it with a penoll and ink; that there may be no ,mistake?' She wrote it distinctly: ' The second of May, at one o'clock in the after noon.' I pocketed the slip of paper for I futher. use, and sat reflecting., SHow do you know it?' I 'Idon't know it. I am told.' ' Who tolls you?' ' Jerusha Babcock and Georgeo Washlington.' I Jernsha Babcock was the name of my maternal grandmother. What could the woman know of my maternal grandmother? ;It did not occur to me, L believe, to wonder what occasion f George Washington could find to con corn himself about my dying or my living. ThIer stood the uncanny Jerusha as pledge .that my informant know what she was talking about. I left the officeo with an uneasy sinking at the heart. Thero was a coffin-store near by, and I remember the peculiar interest with which I studied the juilting of- the satin:lining, aud :the peculiar crawling sensation which :rept to my fingers' ends. Determined not to be unnecessarily alarmed, I spent the next throe weeks in testing '-the communication. Ic visited one more medium in Boston, two in Now York, one in New Haven, c ono in Philadelphlib, and one in a little I out-of-the-way Connecticut village, e where I spent a night, and did not t know a soul. None of thoso people, I am confident, had ever sooee my face or t beard my name before. .. It was a circumstance calculated at least to arrest attention, that these seven people, each unknown to the others, and without concert withl tile others, repeated the ugly message whieh'hiid sought me out through'the I happy summer morning in Washington street. There was no hesitation, no doubt, no contradiction. I 'could not trip them or cross-question them out of it.. Unerring, assured, and consistent, the flat went forth: ' On the second of May, at oneo o'clock in the -afternoon, you will pass out of the body. ' I would not have believed them if I couldihar'o helped myself,. I sighed for the calm days when I had laughed at mediumr and prophet, and sneered at ghosts and rapping. I took lodgings at Philadelphia, locked my doors, and uaced my rooms ial day and half the night, tortured by my thoughts, and consulting books of medicine to dis. cover what evidence I could by illny poasibility give of unsuspected disease. I was at that time absolutely well and strong; absolutely well and strong I was freced.. to confess mnysolf, after 1 having wided through Latin adjectives und nuatomaieal illustralloes enough to make it ghost of IHerculos. I devoled I two days to researches in genealogical patiology, nud was rewarded for my pains by discovering myself to be thei possessor of. one great-naunt who liad died of heart dlisease at the advanced ago of two months. Heart disease, then, I settled upon. Thoe alternativo was accident. ' Which will it be?' I asked in vain.'-Upon this point my firiends the mediums held a ldelicate reserve. 'The In. fluonces were confusing, and they were not prepared to state with exactness.' ' Why don't you come home?' my wife wrote in distress and. perplexity. _ You promised to come ten days ago, and they needoll you at the office, and I need you more than anybody.' SI need you more than anybodyP' WVhen the little clinging needs of three weeks grew into the great want of a lifetime,-.O, how could I tell her what was coming? I did not toll her. When I had hurried home, when shie came bound ing throuigh the hall to nieet me, whsen she hold up liher flce, half-laughing, half-cryinsg, and fusl and paling, to mine,-the poor little face that by and by would never watch and glow at my corning,-I could not tell her. Whenll the children wore in bed and woe ware alone sfeur ten, else climbedl gravely uip into iny lap fioen the little cricket on wlhichl she lhad been sitting, alnd put liher hands uoln my slhoullors, ' You'ro sober, Fred, antid pile. Something nill you, you kniow, and yosu isue going to tell nme Ill about It.' lIet' pretty, mischievous fieO swanm suddenly boero ie y eyes. I kissed it, put hlier geintly lown ns I woiils a clihl , snnd went nwliy lslone till I felt more liklo nyself. ('Io lis essstbitsed. ) 