INGLEWOOD (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday, 30th August. Jane Gluyas and her son, who were recently committed for trial at the Sandhurst Sessions for stealing turkeys from G. F. Steels, of Old Inglewood, were the other day brought up before the Wedderburn Bench, charged with stealing a large quantity of meat. It appears that, after the committal of the prisoners by the Inglewood magistrates, they were removed to the Sand hurst Gaol, to await their tiial, but were shortly afterwards released on bail. In the meantime a communication had been sent to the Wedder burn police, the result of which was that they searched the tent formerly occupied by the prisoner, in which was found a large quantity of mutton salted down in tubs, and a number of legs of mutton dried and hung up. The prisoners were then forwarded to Wedderburn, where they were tried for stealing the meat dis covered, found guilty, and sentenced to three mouths' imprisonment. They were yesterday taken through Inglewood, en route to Sand hurst. A trick-neaf, though discreditable-rwas perpetrated the other day at a local Government land sale. A certain choice piece of land in this district was to be put up for sale, and there being two individuals desirous of obtaining it, the foiiowing nice little arrangement was carried out:-One of the two persons mentioned, whom 1 will call A, requested the other-B-not to bid above a certain Qgure for the land, offering him a cheque for £50 to comply with his wishes. B asked A to walk outside, which they both did, and the result of a conference they then held was that A should receive £25 not to bid at all. 'i'hev then returned to the sale-room, and the land was knocked down at the up3et price to B. A painful tyccident happened yester4ay to s. woman while eugaged in the innocent pastime of digging in her garden. She by some me^ns stumbled, and, catching her foot against the sharp edge of a shorel, inflicted upon herself a wound so serious as to necessitate surgical treatment. I hear that Mr. Alexander Watson, of the Daly Lead, is greatly and'justlv annoyed at the want of consideration shown towards him by certain inhabitants of Inglewood, iu pegging out his lease in ten-acre blocks, "which, if granted, would preclude his men from living on the claim. He has communicated with Mr. Gillies oa the subject. The sale which was arranged for the transfer of Mr', pone's interest in the company at Burke's fiat to Mr. Pucky has fallen through, and the latter ha; sold the lyhole of his interest in the tribute to his brother trihutors for £f0'. Joseph Walker, the man who -sf&s; at the bottom of a shaft for five days, l}a$ left the hospital, having quite recovered, and has gone to .work again.. It appears that although a native of Wapping, he knows nothing of Arthur Orton, as previously reported. LATISG A GUOST.-It is not always well to be too valiant, ovon in the company of ghosts. Some time siuce the towu inspector of Williams town, in passing through the local cemetery" at the dead of night," was somewhat startled by the sudden-appearance of a spectre, which he at once " went for "' with his waikingstick. It was soon apparent that. the sprite . was no less a personage than Mrs. Mary Ann M'Gregor iu the flesh, who was makiug her way home with all liaste when ;the inspector's stick fell npon her skuli. Por this 'assault" Mrs. M.'Cjregqr sued the inspector on Tuesday (says the Telegraph) and obtained £2 damages, with Ji3 5s costs. . It is but fair to add that the inspector thought he ! was being made the subject of a practical joke when he was startled iu the cemetery. 