TALES AND SKETCHES. A SEA-SIDE ADVENTURE. I WAS in rather a poor state of health, caused by languid assiduous attention to business in the firm to which I belonged in Crutched Friars. My physician recommended rest and sea-air. I was to go to some quiet spot on the sea-side, live simply, avoid late hours and all causes for harassment. It would be a great thing if I could night after night get a sound sleep; and be for a time free of any anxiety. Best for the brain was to be the sovereign cure. Acting on this pleasant advise, I chose Lul- worth in Dorsetshire, as quiet and dull a place as could posibly be discovered. To help the cure, I was medically recommended to avoid the glare of sunshine, to wear blue spectacles, and have my hair cut short; all which, with other advices, I attended to. Passing over any account of the journey — except that a fisherman, of the name of Vye, who happened to be at Wool (the little station for Lulworth), drove me across in his gig to my destination, and proved to be a very agreeable companion—behold me at Lulworth, poking about for lodgings, and finding accommodation at an old-fashioned cottage, kept by Mr. Cruxley. As for dullness, nothing could match the situation. The only living object to arouse curiosity were a lady and her daughter, who, walking about, seemed to be borne down by some awful sorrow. I saw that the daughter was an extremely interesting girl, with a pair of eyes which, as they met mine, imparted even through my blue spectacles a peculiar sensa- tion. For days and days I spent the most monoto- nous and regular life, by degrees extending my walks along the cliffs, and making the acquain- tance of the coast-guard, ensconced in his turf shelter just above the cove. Wherever I went, there were the two ladies, peering about, and exciting curiosity in their movements, wander where I would along the cliffs. They appeared to be for ever on the outlook for some object on the horizon. There was a mystery about them I could not fathom. Well—three weeks passed, and one afternoon, after a heavy sea-fog which had lasted for six- and-thirty hours, I strolled far away across the downs, and struck the coast almost at the extreme western end of the range of tall chalk cliffs. It was the farthest point I had just reached, and it revealed the altered character of the country and shore, which here gradually flattened out, until it was nearly a dead level, stretching toward the distant town of Weymouth. The solitude of the spot, balmy autumnal air, the smooth sea, and pleasant sandy beach, all suggested a bath. Clambering down the rocks, I was about to undress under the lee of the cliffs, where I was startled on hearing, as I imagined, a footstep in the loose shingle. Yet, no human creature was visible. I concluded that the sound was a mere fancy; and so assured, I was soon in the enjoyment of a delightful bath in the placid ocean before me. By swimming out to some rocks that rose above the sea, I abandoned myself to the pleasant novelty of the situation. Only by chance did I cast my eyes landward, and there, to my vexation, was a stranger on the beach. It must have been his footstep I had heard, and how he had concealed himself, I could not divine. Yet, there he was; and, to add to my consternation, he began to take off his clothes, and to dress himself in mine. My first impulse was to call out, and the next to swim hastily to the shore, and give chase. All my efforts were vain. Before I touched the shingly beach, the stranger, or thief I must call him, had donned my garments and vanished along the cliffs. I was naked and helpless. My only resource was to put on the clothes which the wretch had left as his own. Here was a extraordinary source of perplexity. The thought of having to put on these clothes filled me with disgust. A more motley and coarse attire I had never seen, only fit, as I imagined, for a mountebank of the lowest character. There was, however, no choice, unless I wished to walk to Lulworth in the costume of our first parents. It was some consolation that this incomprehensible dress was tolerably clean, and was not on the whole a bad fit. The old thing was the diversity of colours and marks, P. S., and below them the figures 5755\. Ridiculous as was this strange attire, it was clear that I should hasten to the nearest coast-guard station and give notice of the robbery. As the afternoon was waning, there was no time to be lost. On straggling, hatless, up the side of the cliff, I noticed two figures watching me curiously from above. They were boys, who, as I approached them, waved their caps, and, with a sudden shout, ran off at top of their speed. Gaining the crest of the high down, I again caught sight of the boys, still running. Presently two men met them; they spoke together, the boys waved their hands excitedly in my direc- tion, then all advanced toward me. I, in my turn, moved to them, and as I approached, I saw one was a coast-guardsman, the other a policeman. As we neared each other, the boys fell back behind the men, and the men themselves half halted, seemingly hesitating and irresolute. But I went on, and as soon as I was close enough to speak, said to the policeman: 'Ah! your just the man I wanted.' 'Funny, isn't it? You're just the man we wanted,' was the reply; and in another second the coast-guardsman had seized me by the arms, while his companion slipped a pair of handcuffs on my wrists before I was well aware this was done. In my confusion and surprise, the truth did not as yet dawn upon me. This strange treat- ment added only another mystery to the affair; but I well remember, that, in spite of my per- plexity, I was diverted by the behaviour of the boys, as, with a yell of triumph, they scampered back in the direction whence they had come. What followed next, is less distinct in my recollection. I knew only that I protested, remonstrated, and begged my captors to explain. It was all in vain—the sailor's lips seemed hermetically sealed; and all I could elicit from the policeman was a dry 'All right; push on, or we shan't get to Portland before it's locked for the night.' I was evidently taken for the escaped convict, and, looking at my dress, there were grounds for the supposition. Of course, I protested against such a belief, told who I was, and mentioned how it was my clothes were stolen while bathing. All was in vain. I was only laughed at, and heard a reward of five pounds was offered for my recovery. 'We've got you, and will keep you,' said the policeman. 'Here comes the chaise to pick us up.' So into the chaise I was put, in spite of all remonstrance. Now, I am a man of patient disposition, and my temper is not easily ruffled; although, in my present position, there was much to annoy, although, the personal indignity of my arrest, and the mystery that hung over my immediate future, might make even the most stolid philosopher uneasy, there were some crumbs of comfort to be got from the ludicrous absurdity of the whole affair. Happily, in this out-of-the- way spot there was no one to recognise me as the branded felon borne back in fetters to the prison from which I had escaped. If "the chief" in Crutched Friars were close at hand, or even the melancholy interesting young lady whose glances had pierced my green spectacles, I might have hung my head; but I knew that, after all, this was only a case of temporary inconvenience; I could not fail, sooner or later, to succeed in proving my identity, and that I must be then at once set free. Bar the personal discomfort, the loss of a good suit of clothes &c.;, and the escape of some hardened wretch, thanks to my unconscious assistance, the present was a curious experience which few were likely to compass. In this way I argued myself into laughing almost at that excellent practical joke, in which Self was the principal sufferer, and the end, for all I knew, might still be indefinitely delayed. Away, in the twilight gloaming, over the downs for a mile or two, and along the white wooded country; then past farms, and between tall hedgerows and straggling villages, until we reached the outskirts of Weymouth; then through the lighted streets and parades of the fashionable watering-places, alive with gay company and merry music; threading our way across a bridge, amongst docks, and wharfs, and shipping, till at length we emerged upon the long flat causeway that tops the Chesil Bank, and joins Portland to the mainland. The night had fallen, but the glories of a full moon flooded everything with light. On each side of the ridge slept the quiet sea beneath the twinkling stars, and right in front loomed the massive promontory of Portland, couched like a lion against the moonlit sky. Miles high it seemed, that hill, a terrible ascent, steep as the climb that faces many who have also travelled that road, if when once again free, they seek to struggle from crime to honesty. My courage sank somewhat during that long gradient, and by the time we reached the gloomy portals of the prison it was at its lowest ebb. The place was lonely and silent as the tomb; a solitary lamp flickered above the heavy gates, touching with spots of lustre the tips of the steel nails that studded all their panels. One of my escort jumped out and touched a deep-toned bell; and the next minute a little window, some six inches square, was opened in the door, and through I saw the gleam of two white eyeballs, belonging, doubtless, to the same head, from which came now a very gruff and threatening 'Well?' 'We've got him!' Instantly the voice changed. It was clear the escape was the source of deep anxiety to all at Portland, and that this was joyful news. 'What! Raschkoff? For these and all other mercies, the Lord's name be praised.' As if I, in my character of Raschkoff, was a very excellent dinner about to be digested by the establishment. With a solemn clanging sound, the heavy doors swung back upon their hinges, and I was inside. Almost like clock-work, they closed again behind me, and although I knew my incarceration was certain to be short I felt quite as if hope were altogether from my breast. At that moment, I would gladly have purchased immediate release at any price, and I asked indignantly to see the governor at once. 'He says he's Mr. John Wray of Crutched Friars,' said the policeman, with a grin. 'Always was th' artfullest villain out,' replied the gatekeeper, pointing to me menacingly with his heavy key. 'It's not the first time he's done it, neither; calls himself a gentleman, because he was convicted for some genteel crime, forgery, or like that. He was away six months last time, but we nabbed him then, just as you have now. But he made his "guy" again this morning in the fog, and got away as smooth as butter. It's here to day with him and gone to-morrow.' 'Ay, and back again at night,' said the sailor profoundly. 'I insist on seeing the governor at once,' I said, interrupting the dialogue. 'That you will, and sooner than you care to, either. He'll be in his office about nine to- morrow morning, and he'll have something to say to you, I suspect, private and particular.' 'There's no call for us to wait,' said the policeman; 'we can look up this way in the morning for the reward.' 'Off you go, then; but you'd better stay in the village to-night; the major might want to speak to you to-morrow. Good-night!' 'Good-night!' The gates were opened again, my late com- panions issued forth, and in another minute I heard the sound of their wheels retreating down the hill. Immediately afterwards, I was ordered to move on to the inner gate. There was a second gate under the archway, a dozen feet from the outer doors. This was of open iron-work, and through the bars I could see the tall outlines of the prison buildings. Just as we got to this inner gate, a man approached from the inside. 'Did you ring, Mr. Tootle?' he asked. He was a tall man in uniform, wearing a long- waisted, well-fitting greatcoat; at his side was a sword, on his belt a bull's-eye lantern, and in the left hand a bunch of keys. 'Did you ring?' he repeated. 'I did, sir. It's that Raschkoff; the police have brought him back.' 'That's the best piece of news I've heard since noon. Hand him over. Have you sent word to the governor?' 'I've rang his bell. He or the deputy will be here directly. It's close on locking-up time.' With these second gates, as they closed behind me, then seemed to fall another barrier between me and freedom, nor did my new escort encourage me to hope for any considera- tion. Through more gates and doors, all of which were first unlocked, then locked, then re-locked, and locked again, till it seemed as if I was now as safe as the crown jewels, or a toad entombed alive in a granite rock. At length, we reached a block of buildings a little apart, with double doors, through which we passed, as we had the others, and I found myself on the ground-floor of an unmistakable prison. There were three rows of cells, tier after tier, the upper with a narrow landing and a bright steel railing. As we entered, another warder met us; he was in slippers, and walked noiselessly like a ghost. In a sepulchral voice, he said: 'Forty-six, sir, and all correct.' 'This will make forty-seven, Mr. Mounsey,' said my conductor: 'it's that Raschkoff.' 'Shall I put him in the dark cell, sir' was the eager query. 'No; in an ordinary cell; but keep an eye on the trap, and watch him carefully, or he'll break prison again; he's clever enough.' I was introduced forthwith into an 'ordinary cell'—four bare walls, with a loophole window well barred, and wired over. There was nothing in the place but a gutta-percha pint pot, and a bed of smooth bare plank a little raised from the floor. 'Keep silence, will you!' said, for the thousandth time, the superior warder, as, for the thousandth time, I tried to protest that I was not Raschkoff. 'Mind, Mr. Mounsey, you don't let him talk to you in the night; he'll be trying it on again, you may depend. Give him his bed, and fill his pint—there;' and they left me. Alone, at last, and in a solitary cell in Portland Prison! The dreadful truth was difficult to realise; but bars and bolts, and iron doors, are solid facts not easily explained away. I felt as miserable now as if I was doomed to be hanged next morning. As I have said, from the first moment of my capture I had treated my mishap as an unpleasant joke— no more; and all along I had bouyed myself up with the knowedge that at the prison itself the mistake would be at once discovered. Of course I had said to myself, the officials there will know I am not the real Raschkoff the runaway. But it seemed as if no one knew any thing of the sort. I had already passed through the hands of three, and though all had scanned my features closely, no syllable of doubt of my identity had followed their inspection. What if I should be kept to serve out the real convict's time, seeking vainly from day to day, and year to year to make my protest plain? This would be too severe a dose indeed. Yes, I was most miserable. Cold, wretched, and nearly starved, for no food had crossed my lips since noon, I gathered myself together, and, sinking utterly dejected upon the hard pallet, tried to groan myself to sleep. I must have slept; but the slumber at first was fitful, and often disturbed by the click of a latch at my cell door, and a flash of bright light through a narrow slit turned on to where I lay. It was the warder on the alert to prevent another escape. Even the strangeness of this wore off, and I became thoroughly unconscious, to be roused at last by a deafening peal of bells rung just shove my head. The dawn was struggling, in pale, sickly tones, through the wire-work of the tiny window, and I guessed that this was the prison-bell, the signal to begin the labours of the day. I was hardly at all refreshed by my sleep, and terribly faint from want of food. 'Can I see a doctor?' I asked, as two new warders came into my cell, and told me peremptorily to stand up and strip. 'Of course you can. But first of all we must search you; it ought to have been done last night, only you took us all by surprise—as you did too, when you hooked it. How did you get away, Raschkoff!' 'I tell you I'm not Raschkoff!' Both the officers laughed heartly. 'You'll be the death of us, Raschkoff; But there— wash yourself; it's close on breakfast time, and, after that you shall see the young doctor.' They brought me a pannikin of scalding hot cocoa, and a small loaf, which I devoured eagerly. They were capital; there was milk in the cocoa, and the bread was fresh and white. I got new courage from the food. Surely, said I to myself, there must be some one here who will confess that I am right; some one who can swear to the real Raschkoff. And then it occured to me that I would let matters take their course, and desist from speaking another word in my own defence. I wondered only how long the farce would continue. I had plenty of visitors in the next hour or two. First, the 'young' doctor as he had been styled, though he was old enough to have gray hair and a corporation. He was an airy, off- handed gentleman, wearing a stethoscope, like a flower, in his button-hole. 'There's nothing wrong with you,' he said angrily. Why did you send for me?' 'I feel faint.' 'Faint?' The utter contempt of these words made my blood boil. 'Were you faint yesterday morning, when you ran four miles, and jumped the dyke in the fog?' I sank back almost in despair. Happily nine o'clock was now approaching, and preparations began for my trial in the govenor's office. I was again stripped and searched; my boots were taken from me, and I got a pair of list slippers. Then, all at once echoing along the passages came a cry for 'Raschkoff;' and Raschkoff—that is to say, I, John Wray of Crutched Friars—shambled up two flights of narrow stairs, and entered a little dock on the further side of which stood a warder with a baton; while in front, some way off, was seated a portly, imposing personage at a high desk, and surrounding him, a group of officials, among whom were my friends the coastguard sailor and the policeman. '5755 Raschkoff! charged with making his escape, resisting the police, insolence to the gate-keeper, and giving the assistant-surgeon unnecessary trouble.' All this the aforesaid portly gentleman read aloud, and then, without waiting to hear me plead, called upon my captors to give their story. This has already been told. It was a little embellished, no doubt, to glorify their courage. Next came Dunkley, the father of seven children, whom I, in my character of Raschkoff, was about to plunge into details of the daring manner in which I had eluded his observation, when all at once his face fell. 'Here at last,' I said, 'is some one knows I am not Raschkoff.' 'Go on, Mr. Dunkley, go on,' said the governor. But Dunkley could not go on; already, with self-interest quickening his intel- lect, it had dawned upon him that they had caught the wrong man, that Raschkoff was still at large, and that, therefore, the seven miniature Dunkleys were far from secure from want. I saw my opportunity. 'I wish to observe'—— 'Silence!' 'I wish to observe,' again. 'Silence!' again, and more peremptorily. 'I will speak!' I said, growing resolute. 'I wish to observe that my name is John Wray of Crutched Friars.' At which announcement the little court was immediately convulsed with laughter. Evidently, the joke of my alleged mistaken identity was considered highly amusing. 'I repeat, my name is Wray, and not Rasch- koff.' The governor for the moment looked as if he would eat me, and his myrmidons were little less aghast at my persistent insolence. But Dunkley found his tongue. 'He's right, sir! He's not Raschkoff at all!' 'Not Raschkoff!' from the policeman, who felt himself fool, and five pounds poorer. 'Not Raschkoff!' from the pious gatekeeper, from the first warder to the second, to the third, and so on along the scale, as all in turn expressed their surprise. But there was no doubt about it: Dunkley was positive; and other officers corroborated his statement. There were plenty now who knew the real Raschkoff by sight; warders with whom he had been in daily contact and who saw at once that I was quite a different man. It was my mis- fortune that, on the previous evening, none of these had been on duty; but in a prison contain- ing nearly two thousand felons, the mistake was more than possible. At last the governor spoke, and angrily: 'Oh! but this is too absurd. What were you about, all of you? It's dreadful!—And you, sir!'— this to me—'how dare you come here to insult us, and make us, look like fools?' One might have thought that I had been guilty of breaking into the prison by force, and that I had insisted they should keep me there for the rest of my life. 'But let me tell you, sir!' he went on, 'that there is such a thing as connivance, and that it is felony to assist a convict to escape; and that, before you are many hours older, you will be by the heels in Dorchester Jail for trial at the next assizes.' 'And let me tell you, sir!' I replied hotly in my turn, 'that it such a thing as action for false imprisonment; and if you do not instantly set me free, if there is any law in the land before you are many months older, you will be cast in heavy damage in the Court of Queen's Bench.' 'Nonsense, sir! I insist on hearing your explanation.' My explanation! as if I hadn't wanted to give it these twelve hours past! Then, in few hurried words, I told him the whole story. 'But can this be corroborated? Have you any one within reach to speak to your identity?' 'There is the innkeeper at Lulworth, and others there. Or, stay; telegraph to my firm, Stokes, Wray, & Co. of Crutched Friars.' 'Will one of the partners come down?' 'Yes, no doubt, if it's urgent.' 'It is urgent. I am sorry to appear dis- courteous, or to disbelieve your story; all I ask is that you will remain here' —— 'In prison?' 'By no means; in my house, as my guest,' said the governor, with the bow of a finished courtier. 'All I ask is, to be quite convinced, I trust you will understand that I am bound, in my serious and responsible situation, to take nothing for granted.' 'And my clothes?' 'I daresay we can fit you out,' said the governor, with a slight smile. 'We keep a large stock of ready-made clothes—no, not convicts', but free men's, for prisoners on discharge. Step into my private room, and you shall make the change at once. In half an hour I was at breakfast, and at the right side of the gates, with my host. 'Our Mr. Stokes' arrived that evening by five, with full proof of my identity; the governor was satisfied; and I left Port- land gladly enough within half an hour afterwards. Mr. Stokes went back to the town at once, but I got out at Wool, in- tending to walk to the inn. Strangely enough, there was Vye, who had taken me and my luggage in his cart from the station at my first arrival three weeks before. I hailed him. He evidently did not recognise me in the least. 'No wonder you don't know me,' I said. 'A nice time I've been having of it these last four- and-twenty hours.' My voice alone seemed to bring back a gleam of intelligence into his face. Slowly his eyes opened wide, and his lower jaw dropped. 'Surely,' he said, 'I saw you a-goin' away last night quite late with the two ladies. They sends down to the Cove, and orders a fly just afore ten—says they areo bliged to go unexpect, and must catch the mail-train; and as I was a-comin' over top o' Church Hill, I see you a-standing at corner a' cross roads. Then I remember the moon was shining pretty nigh as bright as the sun at day. I was coming down to-wards you, when up comes the ladies' fly, and in you gets long afore I could near you. I tells missus, and she says: '' 'Pend upon it, the gentleman's eloped;" and when I heard at the Cove this morning as you 'adn't been home all night, I thought she was about right; may- hap' —— Here Vye stopped abruptly, looked round as he saw the station-master coming out of the office, and called to him: 'Here, Muster Coombs, didn't the two ladies go away last night with the gentleman in blue barnacles and brown billy-cock, same as I drove over to the Cove three week ago?' 'Yes; surely,' answered Mr. Coombs, but with a little hesitation, as he looked at me. 'I certainly thought it was the same gentleman, from his dress and short hair; but was rather busy, and I didn't take very close notice. Wasn't it he, after all? Now I look at you again, sir, how is it? You have just come from Weymouth. I don't rightly remember you, either. Anyhow, I gave the two ladies and the gentleman I took to be you, three first to Southampton, by the 10∙45 last night; more I can't say.' Here was a complication! What association could then have been between the convict and those two ladies? And was it really he, disguised in my dress, that Vye and Mr. Coombs had seen? As I pondered for a moment, the station master had gone back to his office, and come out again with a large brown paper parcel in his hand. 'By the way, Vye,' he said, 'you may as well take this to Richards at the Cove. I'd almost forgotten it: come down mid-day; there's nothing to pay;' and he handed it to the fisherman. Of course, it was not unusual to make Vye a carrier; and very soon he and I were once again jolting towards Lulworth. The parcel lay in the bottom of the cart at my feet, and I remember observing quite occasionally that it was directed merely to the 'Proprietor of the Cove Hotel, Lulworth,' and that the handwritting was that of a lady, and had rather a foreign character about it. Intense consternation and wonder prevailed on my arrival at the inn. Everywhere it had been clearly settled that I had eloped; and though none of the gossips I spoke to had seen the man in the blue spectacles and brown billy-cock go off with the ladies, except Mr. Vye, his account of that event, and my absence, were the two which put together, left no doubt in the hands of the astute natives. Indeed, I could not find that anybody, coast- guardsman, or the owner of the lady's lodgings, had seen the fellow; and but for the station- master's confirmation of Vye's story, I should not have believed it. My room and belongings had been left undis- turbed, and it was was no small relief wearing clothes of my own. Whilst I was setting my- self a little to rights, and puzzling over the connection which then seemed to be between the two ladies and the man to whom I owed so much misery, the landlord appeared, with the parcel as had brought from the station in his hand. 'This 'ere's for you, sir, I 'spect, 'cording to the direction inside it.' He had undone the outer cover, and within was a second parcel, directed as follows: 'For the Gentleman who wears Blue Spectacles staying at the Cove Hotel.' I cut the string, and found— what? My clothes and wide- awake, and the contents of the pockets intact! As I examined them, a sheet of note-paper fell to the floor: on it were written, in the same hand as that on the two directions, these words: 'Beyond restoring the inclosed articles, it is improbable that any reparation can ever be made to the gentleman to whom they belong for the out rage to which he has been subjected. If his looks have not belied him, however, it is just possible that he may find some consolation, and an apology, in learning that his clothes have been the accidental means of restoring to a mother's and sister's arms an erring and repentant man. If the law has been outraged, the gentleman has been at least an unintentional accessory, and whether the fact allays his scruples or not, it is believed that, by the time these words are in his hands, the culprit will be beyond the reach of any efforts he may be the means of helping the authorities to make towards a recapture.' As far off as ever, almost, from the details which led to this strange affair, broadly speaking, the letter, nevertheless, gave me an inkling of the truth. Whether it was a preconcerted plan between the unhappy ladies and their unhappy relatives, this meeting on the Dorsetshire coast; whether they had managed to escape for the second time, knowing where they were; whether they, in their misery, were led to that out-of-the-way retreat by a helpless longing to be near him, and had so for ever been sitting watching his rocky prison, and that he as accidentally lighted on them as he had on the opportunity my clothes gave him for getting out of the way, I shall never know. It was quite enough for me to remember that young girl's face, to stay any promptings I might have had to aid the law. Her appealing look had more than once made me long to help her, and I had done so, if through no merit, at least through no fault of my own, and I was not a detective. More than ten years had passed since all this happened. I have been long married, and it chanced that I spent last autumn at Wey- mouth with my family. One day I paid a visit to Portland prison—a second visit. How different from the first? Governors had been changed. The system of discipline, observable from late reports, is so immenstely improved as to render an event such as I have described next to impossible. The chief warder, though he did not remember me, remembered the escape of 5755 Rasch- koff.' 'Yes, sir;' and '5755 Raschkoff is still at large!' 