CUTTTY SOAMS, OR TI.tS SPEC' ?tEO' F E TI .MINE. An 1,ol Tradititon of Norituerl,, .and sp.er stilion, connected with Ithe Coal Trade. \+ axv:r,,:ii T. cHlAtI'sr r. TIIE INTRODUOTION. "T'etr'o, all the grossness, nU tihe aperstition 0f 1 lloS? grou t ni aod peestltiausaes-- t aIy be phro 4aised who scot thoe hallulol tempest, And soeattirod allithee Ipeetillntinl vapours n" L ITi1EREis a wide difference between ' the 'decent, intelligent pitman of the presant day, and tihe unlcouthl, ignor nant collier of the last century. The one presents himself tr our notice as a sturdy, independent, but respectable memberof society, the other as a strange uncivilized specicnu of humanity. Sur prising changes and imnprovemonts have boeen effected in the social condition and personal appearance, the moral chlarnac ter and domestic habits, tlhe general tastes and inviduln pleasures, the religi ous beliefs and peculiar traditions of the Smining population during the hist seventy years. Subhools, chiepel and reading rooms have sprung up on every side; chlloolmasters, prearlerse, and lecturers have labored incessantly; education and nsofulknowledgoe have been eminently suceenful; and the ignorant souperstitious pitmen of former years have been conser ted into decant and respectable citizens. Seventy years ago, cock-fights, dog-fights, badger- baits, caddy races atd bowling matches'were tile cnharaoteristic pastimes ofcolliery people, and drinking, rioting and gambling were practices of regular occurence. Then, it was not safe for a stranger to go among them; now, hois treated with respeet hospitality, and rude, but kind courtesy. Then it was customary for a pit'nman to spend the greater portion of his hard-earned wages at apublic-house: now he supports his reading room, sick club, vermanont ro lief fiunod, buildingsocity, chapel fund, and other useful institutions, out of his spare cash. Formerly, the pitman was Illd in a sort of traditional disrcpute, and regarded as a 'mere working animal; now, he is treated with more respect, andl looked upon as a rational reasoning being Then the superstitibons of thie pit were many and terrible; now they are only matters of tradition minong the b2ld men. Thone, omensa, and warning, and signs were numerous and frequent; now they are not heeded, except by few of the old, uneoducated worlkmen. Theno ghosts and goblins, bogies and spirites, speotres and phantoms,sand innurrerable other whimsical inhabitants of the spirit-world haunted thie mnites, and peopled their gloomy recosse s;'now, these superstitiounal personages havo vanished like shadows, and are seen and heard no more. Evo tho Inst fantstic phnnsont of the nit, Old Catty onars, Id swonted healnts hlimt it. Xu marn Ito'Ll vex un with misehdoionn treloh, .O1 hiding' oer, and bluaatit,w Inwerns dicsh: Antoy thoe puterd wit i ds vinoeful foreola Ooai leronas, a hin e tn lid niteto n wreak : Or frigt tto trembhling "foal," wit, dismalt ounids Ln tlroughllce tdih thoe htrke]i ghlosty r~onds- ita'n" ntis rikho te lobaeles of nlieoa vinion i~is oeeolntion cone-- romplotatad hI ,an.t amisalon. lS ighrt of ncience e lodlined ln to Irrook, An lod--wtcng nthler lphiatontn l tooak their hook." The lays have gone by nwhlen wild legeonds of neolerianey anrsd marvellous pales of daro mystery Inld unlimited sway over the rude minds of our fore ftlers, antl enabledi the base, designing traleicker upou the credulity of man kind to rive tine fetters of ignorance and snapersition. Diensboadied spirits ire no longer believed to walk upon the Sarth aned mtedle in the affairl of men'; nor are dabblersin charms and spells nort supposed to have power to sUluoni demnous to heir aid in workitg woe upen' their fellows. Teo extension of know ledge has diminished the inflo seelof these imaginary beings, and the once elitost general belief in their onigtanto is no00' everywhere disputed or exploded Knowledge ihn lifted the veil of ighirr-. aece, and tile light ofoioinoe h.s eta poraited the supernatural cloud, which' shroudetd the laws of nature. Lone caves oand ditsmal glens are o longbr rifoe with airy ioincs -- the ehurcli-ysrd ghaot Io longer stalks at midnight to fright the blaitted tuavellir-tlho fitiries hone abandoned their iionssy turf and moonlight gnhbles--goblitns no longer haunt the steps of men-spectres dotnot now hover about old mansions and eastles-- phautoms have liedhbefore the advance of ?cience-witiches no longor hold their blacke orgics in! the hbenloolk dell, or take wing with cat and broomn stickl through the dim and misty air i and the earth, the atmosphiore, and tho. waters are all at once unpeopled by thd' myriads of strange, unaccountable being that were formerly believed to.inhabit them- And lit rounnd itnvailse , tick as motes, Dance inta tl sunbeam." But although we nomV live in an age of philosophy, these marvellous tales of bygone years are still full of thrilling Interest. They still linger in our morn ory as tile tales "to childhood ddar"-Z they still exert their power to fJscina?l' tiie roving imagination of the youthfil htonacy-they still possess a 'strange in feu?.e over the growd man, and they oeven still serve as animantinig incentives to the intelligent, oenquiring mind in its efforts to penetrate thie secrets of natur and understahd the magical" wonders of itieace. to,'ithistandil, sl nsr cold secpttetsm", -f ?sornfusl liSifllicF ani dilsdainfl ridicule- ....o `i' leo's Rolnuthing imthuoneaneoiinuiatimunsnttitio .VIilleh, errdlma l tame s lti , i n e r ifta.y lei esm", .', r~ld?wihul thoaugh we h o to cs. L hlenmn of? T_ : he cliuy to USv ?tll, in sp~ite ul oar phllosoph? . This feeling of veneratiei It r, the tales annd stories of other days L?ns i r duced ais to base this unarrative upon one ofour romantio and fscinating local tre ditions, in the pleasing expectationl of thLus being able to introduce our readtlr to scenes, nad characters, and inoidents which will at once interest and instruct them. To our matter of-font cr ties, we would say,: with he iinnortal HIoracoo ''rako thou no scorn Of Fiution horlh Fair fiction's muas to wsoo; O- d IIomer', tthenme "Wir but a dreoln IIimself a fction too." \- Right across tihe centre of thie great Northern Coal Field, the river Tyne sweeps his devious course towards the German Ocean. His path, from source to outlcti is through a country exceetd ingly rich in beautiful and romantic seouery, historical and traditionary in terest, architectural and antiquarian re cords, and authentic and fictitious tales and stories of tlheO past-a cuatry teeming with agricultural, annufacturing, and mineral wealtb, wel supplied with natural and artificial means of defence, and peopled by a stalwart iimrdy, energetic race of men, who have always been foremost to encounter dan ger and diticulty, and the last to relin quish an enterprise in despondency and despair. The native population of this favoured district exhibit many striking and characteristic qualities, which dis tinguish then at a glance from .the inhabitants of the more southern districts of England. In physical appearance they are remarkably different. As a general. rule,'they are toaller, stronger, and hardier; they have bigger heads, larger 'features, and higher cheek. bones;' broader shoulders, deeper chests, and more herculean limbs and, altogether, oexhibit a more marked individuality, and considerably more strength and independence of character. They do not possess the polished man ners, the fluent language, and the ready alertness of south-country people; but 'are rougher in mein, slower in speeclh, and more deliberate in their general habits. If, however, they do not possess the glib - tongue and the good adlress of. their southern brethren, they have an impres sive mode of expro-sing . their ideas, and exhibit much native shrewnd nessandrude mother- wit. Their dialect partakes'of their character-it is rough and unpolished, but ener;etie and de cisive: and. containing, as it does, a large admixture of Pietish and Danish terms, it sounds harsh, guttural, and unmusical tosouthern ears The courage, the hardy vigor, tbh ingenuity, and persevering in dustry which tihemenof Tyuneside have in. herited from their oenterprising ances tors, the gallant Norsemaen, are qualities which have enabled many of them to rise to distinction 'and' eminence. Lord Chancellor Eldon; Admiral Lord Col lingwood, of Trafalgar reputation; Be wick, the famous wood engraver, and Jabkson, his celebrated pupil; Hutton, the distinguished mathematician and ge gist; Wood, the eminent mining en gineer, and his friehd, the world re nowneood George Stephenson, were all natives of this locality; besides a large number bfothercslebratedanddistinguis ed men, many of thon still living, and laboring in our midst. The valley of. the Tynoe presents to the' eye of' the lover of the picturesque an extensive andhbeautiful area of un dilating country, whose seoonic' effects will amply supply hii :oraving desires no matter Ihowr varying and fastidious they be.. Here, mountains and valleys, bills and dales, moorlands and bogs, fat. meadows and barren folls, grassy lawns and heathery moors, dsirk-glens and sunny slopes, rippling rills and babbling brooks, green river banks and grey rocky cliffs, waving fields of grain and glorilmus woods of timbelr, combine to lormn some of thie richest and most romantic natural history to be found in the kingdom. Those entrancing objects of scenico beauty are rendered all' the more intor eascing and fascinating by being asso elated with' numnerous incidents of naul's past history,' and intermingled with many remarkable and curious remains of his handiwork. H=ere, the ancieont BIritons disputed the soutlhward progress of the birbarous.Plicts ard Scots--bere the warlike Romans built' their. eole brated wall, to act as a barrier of defence against:the samen savage tribes of the North-here the sturdy Saxons were stoutly npposed boeforo. they 'obtained a footing in the district-here the Danish Sea Kings 'landed, fought, and almost souccoededi in driving out the native polpulation-hiere the iron rule of the Norman coriqueror' met with.fieice oppo sition aid systematio rebellion-and hiare has tyranny and oppression always ?n. countered '. determined' resistance,' and libcrty of conscience arind freedom of thought' foundl daring- advocates and noblo defenders; -For many centuries this district was the'btatld-fieldof 'Eig land: and Scitland. For ages it cdn tinued'tot be a debatable ground, now belonging to one:nation'and'now to tlhe lthmei. ,'I"h osbuth: bodindary of the Border country was tme PTyne. The men of Cimboerlaund,- too, were desperate reivers and mosstroopers, anl when- th;ey came downofromn the imoorsand fells lof Tynedalo 'thoy wers as likely to pray upon thie -inhabitants"of Durhamn and Northumberland as upon -their natui-al oinomics, the BScoti., But tihe Northum briens word faious'borderers also, and wore nelso quick enough to join ih a foray. upon theScojtishside; to sack and hurnvil lages;ca?ltes, orehurches,as theeanse might be, and carry off what booty they could seizo Atclimotnstevcryateopwearereminded of these troubloui times-penceful, 'lux-. urinnt,; anld highly cultivated tholeh the i district enoa is H er we observe nmdi cations of Ancient BritishI tumula, thbre. a portion of the preat Roman WVnll, or traces of a Roman camp... Yonder ore the remains of. an old beacon statiop, there the ouer, walls of a.rudo.:pool tower, and here are - the ruins of aRni 'ancbint . baro'il: castle, onoh of them once theo ireid6ncs tof he 3Bali6i, the Riddles; the LInugleys, the ae?diritones,the Hons, . theDela alsi the . Pereles, the Blenkinsons, the Blackets, the WVidingtons. thle Rteliffes, and other old warrior races of the North. i; sides thesn signs of man's adciolt leuds and contuntions, we meeut with numerous indientious of his past: industry aid progress. -aere we notice ananuient quarry, there an outrance of a rude drift, and everywhere may be seen traces of old abandoned coal mines, indi catea by huge neaps of ashes and other reubbish,.which encumber and deface tihe anolmsures ad fields in which theii mlpper works unce stoaod; for it was in uhis locality tihat coal was firat worked in tihe time of the Romman occupation, and this distriut has bIeeni thie great coal cellar of thie kingdom for upyardid of seventecen humdred years. CHAPTiI r'r. T*I1 DCIAMATIS P'EIRSOaE. " All tie wvrold'a a?ntee, And all thoe enl and woIe mIerely player ; Thy~ I"\ 'aOI C~theirn exR..? mid their~e ea'm Awlono enl in hsia time paylls my Part,." ?N a ncertain part of tills time Ilonoured and wealthy district, was situated, in thile year 1801, whlat that was at day consiid(red an extensive colliery, generally known as " Outty Sonmas Pit." This was Ilnot the proper 'anoe of tile colliery; buit on whllich i: had acquired from the strangeo freaks of a mischOvious and trublesolme plhanltom, which was said to hlaunllt its workings, and play all kinds of whimslllical tricks up I those who Intoured within his dark subterraneous dwelling place. Thle chief amllusclnellet of this capricious but solmetimes bhard working bogie, was to cut tihe rope-traces or sotinus, by which an assistant putter-honoured by tilhe title of '' foal"-was yoked to a wooden tram, by which the corves of coal were drawn from the face of thile workings olut to thle crane This comlmon device of hIis phantomship procured for him tilhe distinguished appellation of Cutty Boams, anod the colliery itself thus ob tained the name of COutty loams Pit. It would be a tack of some little difli oulty for us to mark out the precise locality of Cutty Sbolams Pit, for traldi tion is somewhat indistinct on this point, and all surface traces of its existence are now lost amid scores of silnilar indi eations of old coal pits in the district The exact situation of the colliery, how ever, is not of tlhe least illmportance to the interest of our narrative, and our in a?bility to deseribe it minutely anld in detaii is, therefore, not of the least con sequence. Cutty Soams village, as we shall call it, like thile mIajority of colliery villages, was essentially a part and portionll of the colliery itself, Ilhaving beenl built for no other purpose tlan to becomllle tie dwll ling place of the pitlmen who worked at tho colliery, and disappeared when the circumstances whichl led to its erec tion no lonlger existed. It consisted merely ot four or five long rows of very humble, roughly-finished cottages,. so uniform in ohllaracter anld outward- upn poearance that it was somewhat diffieult for even the ilnhabitants thlemselves to find tlieir own doors, unless they hlad some partieular local mark to cuide them. Thie most eaonspicious features of the village were the tall square-built, Ilungainly- looking engine house, and the massive, black, unsighlltly frame-ework of thei heap gear, surrollnded by ia Ihnge heaps of sallll coal, iron pyrites, and othlor refuse from the pit, whlich.moull dared oand smoked, fired and burnt, elaecied and blazed, by night and by day, from year's end to year's endl. Eacl of these rows of cottages were built exactly parallel to tilhe rest, the front doors openilg upon a tolerably wide and clean space of ground called thile main street, and the bhck doors facedl encil other across a filthy strip of qtuaglngmire, so destitute of drainage and other sanni tary arrangements, so narrow and eon fined, so crowded with waterbutts, pig styes, ashpits, anld all the inevitable filth svhioh is cast out of hluman habitations, tlhat It was hiighly offensive to the olfac tory nerves, and alnost imoassablo to delicoato mindedl visitors. In poinlt of flct, the village was more remarkable for dirt and filth, ald the enoruouss number of human beings crowdod withlin its narrow limits, than for any other peou liarity. It ie to the interior of a lowly cottage in one of the above-m?ntioned rows that we wish to introdaca our readers,. on a certnin Sunday eoening, in the year eighteen hundred and one. The apart mient, which could be only entered by stoopiig through a low doorway, weas not more than twelve feet square, and about six feet in height. This, how over, wans the chiof room in the humble dwelling, and served the several pur poses of a washhouse, scullery, kitchen, parlor, sitting-room, drawing-room, din ing-hall, and bed-room. The walls wore colored with a mixture of lime and yellbw deposit from the pit-water, the stone'sur, rounding the lire-plaro wasofabright sky blue color, while the irough joists an~l loft hebords, tbe chlimnenoy nooks, and the wide hearth stone were of a snowy whiteness. The floor was of brighlt red' brick, shrupulously clean, and formming ' strong contrast with thie blue of the fire- place, and the white hearth-stone Thie furniture in. the room .bore as strange a contrast as.theo colour of the walls and floor. In tlhat.part furthest removed from the enormous fire, which is a unioversal feature 'in' all pitman's dwellings, stood a largie mahogany four-. post bedstead, witli a smffooating amorunt of rather faded chintz hagingings. Around thp behpd was arranged half-a dozen Ihair-bottqmod mahogany chairs, at its foot was a tall clhest of mahogany drawersa, and near its head stood a beautiful eiglht-day clock' in a mahogany case. Theso appeared to oon0,,;,m the parlor furiiture of th o'apartment, for the ,rest of tl airtilos were of humbler snsitualoris. Against the wall, at one. id of tho firo,.was a, rough wooden' q'iab' 'or' .settle, on the opposito side stooed n .old:frilhinecd," high-backeh d cl?ia'r, faid'tmvo or three primitivoP-sinpepd iistrongily-made pit. oraoket.. Alon \- ' si': tji diminutiveo; ill-coustructed winddt, was.a large kitchen table, and a longt wooden form, both as whito as water, sand, and labour couldmRke them. At toat end of the table nearest'the door was hung a well-exeoutd 'pen and ink map of FIngland and Wales; at the other was a neat little book-case, containing froni 20: to 30 velumorc of seemingly well usedh.ookis, and'around the walls were nrraliged the portraits of John Wesley, the Duke of Wellington, George the Third, adid Queen Caroli's. Tbhese, and a fei ohiaornamientes on thie ehimnev pieces, were thle oly art clecorations tile apartmenut boauted, 'ut.ererytiling betokented that it was tile abode of a steady, indiu.trious man, a;nd tie books and Imaps wlere suggestive of his intelli eence aud:'iste. This cottage was the residence of a young mani named lrankl Henderson nnd his mother. 'IThle He ndersons were old lesidents of Cutty Soains Colliery. Frank's father had assisted to sink tlhe pit, and, when the seam was reached'and coal work commenced, his diligence and and energy recommended ilim as a fit and proper person to take charge of the colliery as overman. This position Ie hold for several years, and was univer sally nacknowledged as an honest urright servant, aod a careful pailamksing offioer. His wanges saun uvcerrn, and thl scanty earuings of his three eldest sons who were employed in the pit as drivers and trappers, wer barely satfliient to maintain his large fuamily and mnake ends meet. He and hlis wife however, wereo very careful and indnst rious, and lhaid just commenced to lay up a few pounds for a rainy day when one of those memlanclholy accidents so frequent in coal mines--an explosion of tirediamp-carried off him and his three sons, besides thirty eight other vi:tiins, at one f.ll stroke. Ioiehie Henderson was not in tlhe pit when it tired, but lhaving descended to the assis. tenco of his men avd boys, and penetra ted further than prudlouce warranted in his gallant efforts to rescue,tlhen from death, helie fell a victim to the after-damp after saving upwards of twenty of Ihis worlmnen, who would most certainly have periphed but for tihe timely aid rendered by their heroioc but unfortuonate over man. By this ieart-rending calamity the widow IHlenderson was left entirely destitute, withl three clilhiron, a boy and two girls, to provide for. True the owners of tihe colliery made her some little provision, but she had to remove fromi her oolitortable cottage to make roomn for tle new ovorlllnn, andl take up hlier residence in the humble dwelling we have endeavoured to describe. Her son Frank, at that time a child of only eight years of age, had to be sent into tlhat dangerous subterranean work shop which had already proved fatal to his father and brothers; and the two little girls, Fanny and Annie, as soon as theirage permitted, wenmt out to service with two humble farmers in the neigh bourhood. For several years the trials oiid struggles of the widow and children were heavy,and almnost unsupportableul, but they bore them with resignation, fortitude, and independence. As Frnak grew up antd was able to earn higher wage*, the circumstances of thlo'family gradually improved, and at the time we introduce them to.our readers, the two diighlters being still in service, and Frank, now twenty thlree years of age beiig a deputy-overman in the pit,theoy werein a pretty comfortable position. To be Continued. 