f-THE &B;&m; wamsxumr^Bm^ LAND QUESTION. ^ a?o thb BorroB. /- i;--':- .??*?' ??.;? ?Sirr-Wbnld it not i» as well, nowihe Par Uamentary recess will stretch almost 'through this month, to stare off the assembling of Par liament altogether by some kind of political con jurlng- indefinitely, and allow the bewilder, ingly grand and progressive policy to fully develop itself in a comfortable and undiaturbed recess of prolonged length, and as the Ministry Is the concentrated wisdom, ability, tact, and talent of a Legislature of more thfe mediocre merit, the Ministry can carry out -its own policy, the country will; see the^Ministry jastly dealt by as regards supplies, -Now for a Northern railway io reach 300 miles aboys Port August*. : The Imminent want of this railway was seen lately. It Is a; piece ? of flagrant ., political /injustice withholding - this railway. Now, if there be not something wondpously comeWlke about 'the ** grand and progressiTC,' let this Port Augusta and Far 'North Bailway be nnderfeken forthwith ; in fact, I am so dazzled oy the grand' and proi gressive tone of the policy, the expositors thereof seem to me like Jupiter and hiB satel lites; f and,- pardon me,' Shade of GalUeb, the policy rseemeth to me like the Milky Way, there is something so starry and ethereal about it, so pet-like andloyable. Heavens! I won d«r what the universe will think about it. I trust it will not fizz off In meteoric coruscations into nothingness. Pro phetic soul of Hamlet; there is so much- of the excelsior, skysoraping, and highflying ring ani£ tone about it. Oh, ye statesmen,- shades of many nations, join me In wishing full de velopment and success to it. Ghost of Am phictyon, return to this sublunary stage, and witn9SB an apotheosis of Grand and Progressive IO Pean, Hallelujah, God sj«ve the Queen, or anything else to express rapturous emotion in any living or dead language. Hurrah for statesmanlike conceptions and 'Responsible Government.' Mr. Editor, if it will please you I have a -new idea or two beside the above, and perhaps if you approve of them in their practical bearings you will recommend them to the publics— First, namely, a different plan of letting the pastoral Crown lands. There are many runs in the Nerth and south of the Blinman consisting of -first-rate grazing land no ir In the1 hands of overweening,1 bveVwealthy, and absentee squatters. - Think you, Sir, that South Australia is benefited by one man owning and aelling 60,000 acres of land, and pocketing cash 300 or 400 per cent.- to spend elsewhere ? Now, one of those runs consisting of some hundreds of square miles, if it were sur veyed into smaller leaseholds of 5, 10, «r 20 square mile blocks, there -are hundreds of people in the colony able and willing to take them from the Government, and pay the Government ten times the rent it reoeived from the squatters for the 'peoples' grass,' Now, Sir, I say emphatically that the country is fully ripe for such a disposition of the nearer Northern runs as this ; yes^ and the country is languishing for the want of it. There are hundreds of settlers in the country, half agricultural and half pastoral, stultified by this want* It will pay better to send wo si to Europe than wheat, and this is Just the Pasto ral Lands' scheme to produce cheap beef and mutton for our people of Adelaide and other towns of South Australia. Thi* scheme, Sir, would result in great good to hundreds of small' stockholders or squatters; the revenue from those lands would be increased twentyfold. There are hundreds of 'cockatoos' within 45 miles of Adelaide who are paying 33. and4s. per acre for land (in North Rhine, South Rhine, and in Flaxman's Valley, and other places) for graz. ing only. What would the bloated squatters think if they had to pay the Government the 36th or 48th parts of these grass rents ? There would be a howl of distress from the squatter ocracy sufficient to rendr the.'- North Oountrle.' 2nd. To avoid playing into the hands of land monopolists ultimately, a man ought to be allowed to take up three square miles, say 2,000 acres; at £1 or 20s. per acre, then we should have a good middle class of 'people here by-and-by. The three and four 80-acre section men will sell out eventually to larger holders, in fact they will create a future clasB of land monopolists. An area of 2,000 acres would enable a man to keep a flock of sheep, - and a small herd of battle or horses. This is all as obylous as sunshine. It ?would require the area of a continent or two to enable our nomadic farmers to carry on their shifting system of working the land, unless they happily find out some more successful system of treating the land. But this cannot be ; therefore the men of capital, like scavengera, will* take up their impoverished land, and keep it, or let It for grazing until the land recovers its tone,' 'when they will very likely retail it again, and clear thereby three or four hundred per cent. Thus I have shown how our pastoral Orown lands can be utilised twenty-fold. This will apply to all lands south of the Blimman, and even to lands lying as far north as Umberatana (remember how the agricultural area scheme was disbelieved in when first framed). Why should. very wealthy men have the sole use and monopoly of those lands? Give smaller capitalists the opportunity to clear a few thou sands of pounds, - Every wealthy sbeepmaster, ? fenced in up to his eyes, is an incubus on the face of the -country. He is little better than a cockatoo (a good agricultural farmer), as an employer of labor. He pays a mere pittance -to the revenue, and sometimes he makes' himself wings and takes himself off to other lands to spend his money, only looking to South Australia occasionally for her generous sup plies of the ever- welcome cash. I will show - you. Sir, how to make a good boy of the ab sentee, and cure him of his habit of showing as his back. First, an Act should be framed, ren dering it legal for the Government or colony uf South Australia to seize for the uses of the ?'colony 15 per cent, of each permanent ab sentee's income. The exact amount ? of his income could be made ascertamable by officers appointed under the above-mentioned Act, which might be denominated the Abseentees* Act. The above-mentioned uses should be construed to mean South Australian reproduc tive works, such as railways, telegraphs, &c.; l. To finish up with, as we have some nice fat and bloated land proprietors— large, very large . ones— i-all should be compelled by the law of the land ^o pay to the. revenue, for public uses, twopekca pei acre for every and each acre they possess over 2,000 acres, which last number of acres should be the maximum number of acres to constitute a sufficient .South Australian yeoman. ! ' I am, Sir, &c;, , ' lGLOOMDBSE. Eden Valley, May 2. A case of a very unusual nature was heard kt theWoodside Local Court; on Wednes day,: May 3. Frederick Wilhelm Kleinsohmidt and Jphann Ernest Pfeiffer, trustees -of Zutri Weinberge Ohristl Church, Lobethal; were charged; on - the information -of Wilhelm Schubert, ^another : trustee, with 'misusing, disturbing, and molesting' Lebreoht Frledrich Shregrott Krause, pastor of the church, while conducting the servioaoa Sunday evening, April 23\. The information was laid under clause 42 of Act 2 of 1859. The evidence showed that the defendants prevented the- pastor from entering ithe pqlpit. After examining two witnesses the parties conferred, and the aaatter was arranged. Arepprt will be found in another column. ? ? .Some months ago, on the arrival of one k-f ^che- English mail steamera from Melbourne, 'the Tows/Clerk of that city, with.-other gentle man, and lady, passengers, were entertained at luncheon in the .Town Hall. Amongg.t the guests; was Mr. Webb, a barrister of the neigh* boring colony, and those wbo met him and Ms eldest daughter 'will read with regret the fol-x .lowing paragraph taken from. the Melbourne; Argus :— ' Intelligence has been received by the, mail of the death of. Miss Webb, the eldest daugh ;er of Mr. G. H. F. Webb, the barrister. Mr.;; Webb and his family left this country for KHTope at the end of last year. He stopped for some time ia India, and was there attacked with Bmallpox. ' . As he waB recovering Miis Webb was attacked with the same disease, and after an illness of a week's duration she died.' 