THE BAPTIST UNION AT PLYMOUTH. LBy our Special Correspondent. I London, October < The .Baptist Umos held its autumn meeting this year down in the direction of Land's End— one of the 'green spots in its field of operations. It was an unusually large muster, ana the pro ceedings were important, both in respect to heme and missionary operations. The expecta tion that Mr. Spurgeon would attend drew together all his party in the Church, which has hitherto rather held aloof. The paster of the Tabernacle had not come too soon, for it turned out that the Baptists feel keenly the crisis which is impending in the ranks of Dissenters. About five hundred ministers assembled for the meeting, and it did not escape remark among them that at the same season 255 years ago the passengers by the Mayflower had held then farewell services in the same town. This coinci dence was, however, not mnch alluded to at the public meetings of the Union. After all, indeed, the Baptists are themselves quite as venerable a fccdy as the Pilgrim Fathers. The preliminary preacher was the Rev. J. P. Chown, of London —a man who interested himself deeply in Messrs. Moody and Sankey's evangelistic labours. His sermon was aa avowed argu ment for revivalism, founded on the Pente costal passage in the Acts of the Apostles: — "And when they had prayed the place was shaken where they were assembled together, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they spake the word of God with boldness." The late revival reminded him, said the preacher, of the work in the Primitive Church alluded to in the text, the conditions and the means em ployed being very similar. The results might, he urged, be utiiized for permanent labour in contributing to the advance of the Divine glory, such results being considered in the spirit of prayer that they might enkindle a fervent deter mination on the part of all who knew the Lord to deepen instrumentally the work in the minds of men and to extend its influences in the world around. Amongst the results produced by the movement. he named the generally awakened interest in evangelistic efforts, and thoughtit might subserve as a power hitherto unknown. Then there were a great number of persons whose attention had been excited, their consciences aroused, and their minds impressed, but who were still unconverted, and not brought into association and fellowship with the Churches. These should be brought in. Many a man who could not preach to twenty people could speak to a Simeon who should be afterwards blessed to the conversion of thousands. The movement had also had great interest and power in relation to the public press, which had reported the proceedings with becom ing accuracy and propriety, thus disseminating the truth where otherwise it would never have reached. If these means were rightly used by the Church he believed the press, the railway, the post, and the telegraph would assuredly become her instruments for good till her praise should be declared, and the Saviour made known the wide world over. THE MISSIONARY MEETING. As a body the Baptists are probably more proud of their missionary achievements than of anything in their history at home. The missionary designa tion service therefore precedes, all ordinary busi ness. Mr. Cowan's sermon having been delivered on the Monday night, October 4, the missionaries were introduced on Tuesday—four of them, Dr. N. Carey, a grandson of the distinguished founder of the Serampore Mission, and the Rev. W. H. Tucker, both going to India; Mr. J. T. Comber, destined for Africa; and and Mr. R. E, Gammon,a student of the Metropolitan Tabernacle College, for Turk's Island. The service took place in the George-street Chapel, which has a history honoured by Dissenters at large. Dr. Prance, a local Baptist micister, who presided at the meeting and welcomed the delegates to Ply mouth, told themtbey had there one of the oldest hi-tories in the West of England, "So far back as the year 1648 that particular church in which they were assembled numbered 150 members. It must therefore have existed many years pre viously, and many of its members must have been amongst those who kindly entertained the Pilgrim Fathers when they were detained in Plymouth previous to their departure for America. The service of that morning," he con continued, " had a peculiar interest. Four young brethren-were about to consecrate them selves to the service of the Master in foreign lands. One of them at least was well known to them, and they looked with peculiar interest and sympathy on him as the grandson of Dr. Carey, the veteran cf their Indian mission. He trusted their visiters to the Conference would be able to go away, as did the Pilgrim Fathers of old.calling the place ' Ivew Plymouth.' Dr. Underbill, the Secretary to the Baptist Missionary Society, described the stations to which the young mis sionaries had been severally appointed. Dr. Carey was going to Delhi, where their mission had prospered greatly since the mutiny. It had been a question with the Committee if they should venture back again into the stronghold of Mohammedanism, but Mr. James Smith, the original missionary, had offered to go at all hazards. He and his assistant, Mr. Gayton, had formed four or five Churches with about five hundred native converts. Dr. Carey, who has beeD educated as a medical missionary, will relieve Mr. bmith, who must return home on sick leave. Mr. Tu'ker -will be stationed in some part of Bengal sti'l undecided. In that province the Society has about 50 churches and fully two thousand converts. Mr. Comber is fini.-hing his medical studies with a view to settling in Central Africa. Dr. Underhill, who has himself been in Africa, gave the Africans credit tor being the hardest material to evan gelize cf all heathens. Mr. Gammon's lines would fa!l in pieasanter places at Turk's Island. Dr. Underhill said: — "The Bahamas have been now for some 40 years the scene of our missionary labours, and in the result about one f curt fa of the entire population are in connection with our mission. He -will find there about five hundred members belonging to our churches, but there is alarge' population of ypgveraljthtoijr sands that still need the elevating and purifying Influences of the Gospel pf Christ. These people are very poor; they live, on why islands, very unproductive. They have suffered of late from the diminution of their trade in salt, but they are now cultivating fruits, .such 9? pineapples, and maize, and the lifee,~audare obtaining a very poor and moderate amount of living. 'Hon!:* ever, they, none the less worthy of- the affect* turn of the Christian Church." - THE XXUC8ECEATI0K QUESTIONS. ' In the Church of England a clergyman accepts consecration at the hands of" his Bishop'; among the Baptists he -is asked if he has eon* . secreted himself. When the assembly had'been informed pi the several missions to which ;tney were designated, the Bev. H. Sampson, of Felix stowe, put the customary questions to them-r " What are the circumstances which brought you to Christ, and'led you to devote your life tb His service ? -And having answered that ques tion, will you kindly tell us" what are the reasons . which have induced you to consecrate yourselves to the work of a missionary, and what is your aim, and how do you propose to attain it V ' Dr. Carey replied to the first that his conver sion " had been a gradual thing," and he could repollect no particular, 'circumstanoe which brought him to his Saviour. He had .'been baptized at the age of nineteen by the Bev* Albert Williams, of Calcutta. To the second question he answered, that "if one thing more than av other influenced me in my choice of this profession, it was the recollection that a great ancestor of mine had done so much for the cause of Christ in India. I recollect when quite a little, boy telling my mother* that it was my wish to" enter the mission field. She was de lighted to hear such a thing, and always encou raged me to think of being a missionary, I recol lect also on one occasion when I went to Serampore, where I was born, I visited the grave of Dr. Carey, and there it was that X offered a special prayer that God would make me His servant." Mr. Tucker's account of his conversion was full of good advice to his hearers how the pro cess should work in themselves. I imagine Baptist congregations at home should be grateful at borne for - Mr. Taoker's decision to ?go to Bengal..Mr. Spurgeon'sjoung.friend, Gammon, also framed his answers - dogmatically, i He had no.startiing revelation to make about his con version,' and he thought the' men converted in a general way were most-eligible for mission work. ' To the second .question'he replied ".When you ask me what were the circum ,stances' which led me to devote my life to Christ or to specially set my life apart for mission work I can only tell you that when other feplings, such as love of home and tha friend ' ships of those in England, have actuated me,' i have felt I could not giro way'to them, but must go. Astotheaim which I havebefore me,I trust that my only aim is that X may briag those with whom 1 shall have to labour into union with Christ." Mr. Comber, the African missionary, was more natural and .confidential in his confession than any of the bther& Respecting his con version he said:—" The ; chief influences leading me to the Saviour were those of a loving and loved mother and an earnest Sunday-school teacher!' In looking back to .the beginning ;of decided Christian life I And that I was .easily and frequently impressed, though the impres sions would easily wear away." It was on an Blaster Sunday, afternoon when his teacher earnestly appealed to him to enter on Christ's work in foreign lands that he resolved to do it. His mind had wavered between Africa and China until ,the perusal of Livingstone's travels and Stanley's expedition decided him for Africa. Mr. Comber is more practical perhaps than the generality, of missionaries. Not being ashamed to own the influence of Philistines liko Stanley was a good trait in him. It shone out again later in a naive remark that "he looked to a knowledge of surgery and medicine as one of the chief means to find a way to the hearts pf the people." DR. BROCK'S ADDRESS, The dedicatory charge came from one of the most venerable and most esteemed fathers of the Baptist body. Dr. Brock. "Men and. brethren," be began " we are all under the law of Christ to preach the Gospel to mankind." This, he remarked, was a divine oommand which had never been recalled. He told them " it was not addressed to the Apostlesonly, nor to any who after.a pretended manner called themselves their successors, bat to all believers in Christ." He ably defended mis dons from the-attacks to which, they, were subjected by those who said that the religions, of the world were more harmonized and systematized than they used to be, so that .the preaching of the Gospel tyas becoming almost -dispensable, and that missionary labours having bad'their day might be done away with, and consigned to the moles and the bate. They had not, he said» nor had the young candidates before them, so learned Christ. They were not to be treated as hewers of their wood or drawers of their water, but as the messengers of .the Churches to the glory of God, not in denominational arrogancy, for he was glad to learn from their own testimony that though they had not been baptized they haiyet been brought up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord faithfully. He pointed the candi dates to Paul the Apostle as a model missionary, whom neither Buddhism nor Mahommedanism would Lave offended. The man who had turned the world upside down was the designation accorded to him, and he asked thein to look at the apostolic example in'regard to the results of their work. Fashionable frivolities all d windled into nothing through the preaching of the cross, popular philosophies went out like the stars when the sun arose, venerated priesthoods had nothing to do, the crowded temples were turned into significant solitudes and into most eloquent desolations through the preaching of the cross, demonstrating the power of God to salvation." A moving scene occurred at the close of Dr. Brock's eloquent discourse. Addressing the missionaries elect, he said :—" And so, you four hcnoured brethren here to-day, I bid you, in the name of this congregation, 'God speed;'and when I do so let all the people say 'Amen.*' Brother Gammon, God speed to you !" The assembly—"Amen." "Brother Tacksr, God speed to you !" The assembly—" Amen." " Brother Comber, God speed to you !" The assembly—-"Amen." "Brother Carey, God speed to you !" The assembly—" Amen." Sir. Brock added—" Carey, name of precious omen, fragrant as the incense to-day in a meeting like this of the Baptist Missionary Society. Thanks be unto God for the William Carey of this day. Ten thousand thanks for the William Carey of fourscore years ago!" THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Union proper opened its session oil Wednesday (October 6), when the Rev. Alex ander MacLaren, a Scotch Baptist, but now minister of a large congregation in Manchester, delivered his inaugural prelection. Mr. MaoLaren's reputation has hitherto been of a rhetorical kind, but this year he 'came out in figures of finance. His purpose was to review the actual condition. of the Baptist connection throughout Eagland, and he effected it in a startling manner. " Referring to their numerical strength in. England alone, he said that in a population of; 21,487,688 the numbers of the Baptist churches were 135,760. Their stronghold seemed to be in central districts, and the outermost counties were generally the weakest, which suggested that the strength of Dissent did not lie in large towns or manufacturing areas. This was,, however, equally true of the Church of England' as of any social institution. whatever. Their strength was pretty equally distributed over the population. The numerical strength of their churches seemed of very grave significance; 1,933 were enumerated, but 100 had not made a return, one-third of the remainder had less than 50 memberp, and more than a quarter had less than 100\. The proportion of small churches ;o a eounty was a more accurate gauge of their strength than the cumber of church meaners. Out of 202 churches in nine counties, 120 bad less than 50 members, 54 under 100, the total number of members being only 3,334, <r an average of membeiship equal to 27." Mr. MacLaren threw out a hint to the compilers of the Baptist Tear-book that they need net le so - very punctilious in registering every half-cozen people who assumed the title of a Baptist church, "Burely we have cast the drag-net of our statistics quite widely enough when we find it bringing up such strange ecclesi astical creatures as Baptist churches of two members. There arc at least three such ia our' ' Handbook;' neither of them, I am glad to say, has a pastor. 'Those little Benjamins,'at all events, are not ' there with their rulers but tbeir pulpits are fibed by supplies. They are very little for their age, being respectively 6, 15, and 39 years old ; and one of them is said to have a chapel which seats 100 people." A PROTEST AGAINST SHALE CHURCHES. Mr, MacLaren inclines towards the maxim, that small churches mean weakness and large churches mean strength. He particularly affirmed the impolicy of extreme subdi vision. " But whilst there are 4some of these churches," he said, " which repre sent nothing but crotchety impracticable ness, and others who?e decease would become them better than anything in their lives, these are, I believe, a mere infinitesimal portion of the whole. Feeble as the remainder are, faulty as some of them may in many respects be, the life of God is in them; to us they should be sacred." Tlie following advice is not, I imagine, super fluous in the colonies aDy more than in the rural districts of England :—" One very obvious point Is to be chary to promoting the formation of new •mail churches in these rural districts. Let us Increase aamuohas we can the number cf places for preaching, but be careful insanotionlngor promoting the fonnation of churches. The stiroxtger neighbouring chnrehes and the associa tions hare mneh to their power in this respect, if they would screw themselves up sometimes to do disagreeable things. It is easy to tell when a church is formed for the spread of Christ's kingdom, and when_ for the spread of the peacock's tail of self-importance, or the raven's wing of envy and strife. It is easy for neigh bours to estimate the motives and the prospects, 3uid is little kindly expostulation, or, where uece&ary;, a little firmness in refusal to sanction, "Would often be enough to check the origination of places that will never be anything but heart breaks and drags." US. 8PUBGE0N, THEIR CHAMPION. "Twp remarkable speeches were made on the veto of thanks to the President—the first by the fiev. John Aldis in moving it, when congratu lating the Union on coming round to his long cherished heresy against independency; and the second by Mr. Spurgeon, who owned that he took a somewhat worldly view of spiritual things. In response to Mr. MacLaren's lament over the emallneas of ministerial incomes he said:—" I calculate very much a man's love to Christ by the quantity he is willing to give in proportion to what he has got, and up to the present moment I have never found a test that is more available. It generally comes to the correct tbisg in tiie long run, £or I find, that the great talker atd even the wonderful gusher does not last nearly as long as the person who gives the two mites that make a farthing, being all her living. The money matter somehow puts metal into grace—(loud laughter)—and makes it last nil the longer. 1 am sure that from the address wo have heard a great deal of mischief will come in this way. The endowed Churches will say, ' We always told you so; this is the result of your voluntary principle;' and they will begin at once to deal out very severe reflections upon us." His reply was "Let them." The better way as he had always found it when any thing was*wrong was to drag out all the truth and give your antagonist evefy advantage he could get from it. Thus you bleared yourself of the evil and secured all the preponderating good. About the smallness of the stipends, he Sid not withhold his own opinion. When the Augmentation Aid Society commenced the average income of their pastors was £75 or £76. It had been raised to £87 with £20 added from the fund. "There are some members of our Churches," he proceeded," who pay more to black their shoes than to support cur ministers. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) I am certain there are many farmers that pay more for their licence to shoot than they ever subscribed per annum to listen to the Gospel of Jesus Christ. It is really to me scandalous that we should have to subscribe to tikis Society Bince in some cases there Is no necessity whatever that the pastor should receive any aid from a Society. 'The system of pew-rents have been the death of Tis on account of fixing a shilling a quarter—a shilling a quarter! (Laughter.) Two sermons every Sabbath day—give them the week dayB in \- a halfpenny a sermon. (Laughter.) Brethren, 1 am astonished at you that your sermons are pot worth more than that. (Laughter.)" RETIRING MINISTERS' AND WIDOWS' FUND. Notwithstanding Mr. Sptugeon's joke about ' the way not to get a thing done' being ,to leave \- it to the Baptist Union, the Union is not afraid to undertake more work. During the past year a Committee has been at work under the presidency of Dr. Landellfl on a scheme for more \- effectually providing for superannuated ministers and widows. There are several funds already \- existing to the denomination, but nil are very partial and poorly organized. One of them, started 12 years ago under the name of the ■ National Society, was meant to superannuate all ^ministers who subscribed to it, but the sub • scriptions having been fixed too low, in a few years the books had to be -dosed against new applicants. It was now contemplated to continue tins, and the \- other isolated schemes in one fund to be ad ministered under the control of the Union. Dr. \- LandeUs' Committee had spent a long time over the gestation of their proposal, and it was hardly \- expected they would, be ripe for adoption that year, but the President's address and one or two other circumstances gave it a fillip, and in a moment of zeal the scheme was adopted. Its \- tenor is shown in the following resolutions, pro posed by the Rev. C. Williams, of Aecrington, and seconded by Mr. A. T. Bowser, of London:— "That this assembly, recognising the great need \- of a denominational fund for the assistance of aged or infirm ministers and of ministers' widows, hereby resolves—1. To establish a fund ' to be called 'the Baptist Union Annuity Fund,' or as the Commitee should otherwise determine. 2\. To refer the scheme now before the assembly to the Committee of the Union for revision, \- Instructing them to confer with the representa tives of existing funds having similar objects, with a view to their co-operation to decide upon a ecbeme ana to appoint a committee ot Manage in ent. 3. To request the Bev. C. M. Birrell, Br. Brock, Sir 8. M. Peto, Batfc., Messrs. W. Hiddlemore, R. Cory (Cardiff), and W. S. Caine (Liverpool), to solicit contributions towards a Capital Fund, and to hold the same until the fund shall be fully organized. 4. Farther, that tbe first annual report be presented at the meeting of the Union at Birmingham in October, 1876. The Bev. C. Williams mentioned, amidst applause, that Sir Morton Peto had volunteered to devote the next few months to a personal canvass in aid of their benevolent fund. Mr. Bowser explained that the proposed scheme wonld afford to ministers of 30 years of age and under, by a \- subscription of £50, an opportunity of securing after retirement £45 a year. The Bev. B. C. Young, of Moseley, as Secretary of the National Baptist Society, having supported the scheme, Sir Morton Peto said that, as trustee of the Lady Hewley Fund, he had the pleasure of dividing amongst the members of the denomination an amount exceeding £2,000. He heartily approved of the scheme now proposed, but they must see that it included the enlargement of the incomes of existing ministers, to whom aid should be Tendered as a Christian privilege, and in that spirit by them accepted. ■ He believed the Churches needed awakening on the subject, and Be had no doubt the scheme, which had received the most careful actuarial consideration and united aid of the various bodies in the denomi nation, would produce the consolidated action which would enable them effectively to secure the removal of the present reproof attaching to them as Nonconformists." THE CLOSE OF THE SESSION. The Union session ended with a public meeting in the Guildhall, which was packed full, for Mr. Spurgeon was to be among the speakers. He was running over with anecdote and sarcasm. In the full flow of his humour he said :—" A Christian by bis likeness to Christ can let the world see what Christ has come into the world to do. But you must not be content with that, because I do not like people who say that their example is doing a great deal of good, and that they will not do anything more. They remind me very much of the young man who advertised that he should be very glad to have a bed and breakfast in a home where his Christian example would be considered as sufficient recompense. (Laughter.) Up to the latest time of going to press I have not received any information that that gentle man has obtained lodgings on these terms. \- (Renewed laughter.)". Ano'her good story he aimed at the non political Christian:—"I have met," he said, \- some people lately—bless their hearts, 'ifcey are very good souls, but they are a shade 'too good for me—(laughter)—they would hardly like to bear Mr. MacLaren's paper about ministers' incomes, because it looked a little worldly, and as a general rule they believe that Christians are sent into the world for spiritual things only. I went to vote at the last election for a Liberal. '(Laughter and applause.) I was met by a brother, who said that he was astonished that I. who professed to be a citizen of heaven, should go to vote. I said, * Well, you know, I have got an old man, and he is a citizen of this •earth,' 'Yes,' he said, 'but you ought to mortify him.' I said, ' That is what I do, for be is a Tory.' (Roars of laughter.) I thought, you know, that I was as much a citisen in my own country as a citizen of heaven, and that as £ ■ should expect the polieeman to help me if I were knocked down in the street, I ought not to take the privileges that belong to a State, end then shirk the responsibilities, so 1 went to give my vote." Somewhat Utopian.—An extraordinary letter has been forwarded to the Melbourne City •Council from two men in Sydney who styled themselves Chairman and Secretary of a Society that bad been recently established there, called the " Loyal British Order." The Argus states " they requested the Council to have copies of a curious and illiterate proclamation which they forwarded posted about the Town Hall, so that * loyal Britons' in Melbourne might initiate the Order there. The ambitious object of the S'.cSety is ' to abolish religious discards and extinguish their jealousies in a common I atriotism; to form an Order to move only in support cf home and colonial (sic) constitutional } overnment of Great Britain, and to effect the consolidation of the British Empire all over the world.' The Council referred this communica t'-cn to the Legislative Committee, but it is lardly likely that they will comply w.th its request." 