THE PULPIT. \- EXCUSES. FART II. As Aodbess bt D. L. 3Ioodt. "AadthersH withoaecoassatb'gaa to^Veexrase. The first said nato fciaa* I ha^e bou£-t a : uroand. tad I anst needs co tan 11: thee hsre sue excused- And aaot-.er - Lave boucht fire vote of oxen, and I ' * theai: I i>rsv the* have ae excused. Anoanwiier said. I haveicarrifiajarile, tautherefore I ca-ao. corrrf>."—Lrxx xiv.. Tee next cause X vrant to tahe up is^ " elec tion.*' X meet a great many in the inquiry - Toom tvho teU me thev are very anxious to he «»r«X hvit thev do not knotv if they are elected. «l If I -were only sure that I were elected/" they say, " I wouldsoon be in earnest about salva tion. But then I don't know thai I'm one of • zhe elect, so I bare a very coed excuse/* Xgw I want to give no uncertain sound upon this point, I -want to say that an unconverted person: bus nothing whatever 10 do with the ".doctrine of election. After you have become children of God, then we can talk about election—then we can talk about how sweet and beautiful the doctrine is. But those who are not God's children have no / thing at all to do with it. You do not like _aay one to read your private letters, do you f Well, the doctrine of election was written, in a private letter, to the children of God. 2>o . wonder the world puzzles over it. Yo wonder they cannot understand it. It was never meant for them. What they have to do with -is the "Whosoever" and the "Him that cometh," of the free invitations of Christ. . Suppose I am taking a walk near this hall to-right, and say to the policeman at the door, "Who is invited to this meeting:*' "Those who have rickets/' he replies. I have no ticket, so if is not for me. I walk on further, and come to another meeting. "This is only for those belonging to the Society/* I am told, so I know it is not for me. 1 20 on farther, and come to a large public building— A club. " Only members admitted," I read at : the door. It as not for me either. I go fur ther still and come to another building, and •over the door this written: "Whosoever will, let him come in." Ah I it is for me this time. Whosoever—that means me—and in I go. STy friends, God puis it just like that. All are in cited to come to Chnst. What have you to do -with Paul's epistle about election ? Why, you . have nothing to do with it—not till you be . eome a Christian. You have no business with . the private letters of other people, and the whosoever" comes before election. If you . %earn to read, you commence with the alphabet, ■don't you? You don't learn to read all at . once. -And if you come to Christ you must coao in God's way; and then you*can talk . About how you came. Yes, but, you say, there is another side to *hat. Christ said, " Yo man can come to 3Te 4 -«pt the Bather, which hath sent me, draw " Well, I say Christ is drawing men. T be lifted up, wilt draw all men unto i_ u drawing men, but they will not me. Jie was in Christ reconciling the come. God ^nidelf, and drawing men unto world Tjnto Hi. jg going on now hut many Ef1- That draw. -^nst the strivings o£ the a heart is fighting ar - i^en heavenward, and Spirit. God is drawing liellward. the devil is drawing them . toco to London, \- .Supposing a man wishing t^ihas decreed ■ should say, "Idont know ifc AllT_ it. If I am to be there, I will be . Wh*at it, xi x oin w vc mwc, *— *• —nat how, it is no use my taking the tra. - fai-j^rr is the use of my paying the fare ana ♦feAje, .trouble about it? If I am elected to get. ' I will get there somehow." Who would . C such language as that ? Or suppose a farme. r were to say, " I am not going to plant; if God has decreed that I am to have a crop, I shall hare it . I am not going to trouble myself falling the ground or working hard; if God has -decreed that I wHl hare a good harvest, why, T shall have it without any tilling." Or sup pose you are sick, and Jo not send for the doctor. Suppose you say," If God has decreed at, I shall get well," so you refuse to take the medicines. You say, "There is no use in it; if God has decreed that I am to get well, I "will get well without it." "Whoever talks in • that way? Yet a good many people cany out that very doctrine with regard to spiritual /Songs. *1 naveanidea that the Lord Jesus saw how 'xnen were going fp stumble over this doctrine, so after He had been thirty or forty years in heaven, He came down and spoke* to John. ♦One Lord's day in Patmos, He said to him, •" "Write these things to the churches." John "kept on writing. His pen flew very fast. And then the Lord^ when it was nearly finished, ^aid," John, before you close the book, put this In: 'The Spirit and the Bride say, Come; and let him that heareth say, Come/ But there will be some that are deaf, and they cannot hear, so add, ' Let him that is athirst,* Come and in case there should be any that do not tliirst, put it still broader, 1 Whosotrer tv*U, let him take of the water of life freely."What more can you have than that ? And the Book is as it were, with that. It is the last invitation in the Bible. " "Whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." You are thirsty. You want wafer. I hold out this glass to you, and sav, "Take it." You say, "If I am decreed to have it, I am not going to put myself to the trouble of taking it." Well, you will never get it. And if you are ever to 'have salvation, you must reach out the hand rand take it. " I will take the cup of Salvation, •and call upon the name of the Lord." Will ryou take it to-night ? It is simple enough: it Is a gift- " The wages of sin is death, but the .tjift 0/ G'A is eternal life." 3ry dear friends, ,do not stumble over the doctrineof election any Tonger. You will not be able to stand up before God and say, " I did not accept the in vitation because I was not one of the elect." That excuse will fade away in his presence. God invites every man and woman to the gospel feast when He writes, " Whosoever will let him take." lean imagine there is .1 roan down there who savs. " Thai is not roy difficulty. I know a roan who belongs to the professing Church of Christ, and he cheated roe out of five pounds some years ago. There are hypocrites in the Churvh. aud I am not going to have anything to do with it. KbI you don t catch roe going into company with hypocrites." "Well, I will find you two hypocrites in the world for every one you will find in the Church. Resides. I am not asking you to come to the Church—not out that I believe in churches— hut I ain asking von to the marriage supper of the Lamb. Come to Christ first, and then we can talk to you about the Church. There always have been hypocrites in the Church and always willbe. One- of the twelve apostles turned onttobea hypocrite, and there will be hypo crites in the Church to the end of time. But there will not be one hypocrite at this feast, and if you want to get out of the company of hypocrites you had better make haste and come to Christ. If you do not accept the invi tation you will have to spend eternity with rhem. Suppose every one here were a black hearted hypocrite, what has that to do with youf i: Follow thou roe," says Christ. You are not to be looking to John, or Peter, or Paul, this man or that, but straight to Christ. You may. find many daws in our characters, but you will find none in Christ's. *We find a good many in ourselves, and you may too. But we do not ask you to follow us, but Christ. There will he no hypocrites at the marriage supper of the Lamb; they will all be in the lost world. And if yon do not accept the in vitation you will have io spend eternity with hypocrites. So if you really object to them, you had better make sure of a place at the marriage supper of the Lamb. But there is a self-righteous Pharisee here who says. "Well, I don't understand all this talk about conversion: I'm good enough as I am, My excuse will stand, it the others won t. I am not going into that inquiry-room to talk with these people, and beg them to pray for me; I don't need it." And he draws his filthy rags of self-righteousness about hiin and thinks he is pure in the sight of God and roan. 3Iy friend, the Word of God says, " There is none righteous, no not one." If you are found with your own garment, on, you will be cast out from tliis feast. He will furnish you with a robe oTspotless white if you will accept ir, hut you need not think you can stand in the pre sence of the King with these miserable rags of self-righteousness about you. Oh, may the ; Holy Spirit show you how viie you are in the sight of a holy God. The nearer a man gets to" God, the more he aohors himself. You know ; when a man is getting near to God; he begins : to loathe himself. Like Job, he says/" I abhor myself." Like Isaiah, when he saw the 1 holy God, he cries out, "'"Woe is roe, I am undone." Like that holy man Daniel, his, comeliness is turned to corruption. May God strip you of your self-righteousness to-day! But here is another excuse. If the devil 1 cannot make a man believe he is good enough without being saved, then he will tell hiinhe is so bad the Lord will have nothing to do with : him. A gTeat many in the inquiry-room, have that excuse. " I would like to he saved," they say, " hut I am too had." That is another lie. Why, what does the Scripture say r " Christ died for the ungodly." Jesus Christ came into the world to save sinners. What did Christ say to his disciples ? " Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." " That repentance and remission of siua should be preached in his name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem." The very men whose hands wc-re dripping with the blood of the Son of God, had salvation offered to them \ Paul said he was the chief of shiners, and if he was saved, surely there is hope for finery man on the face of the earth. If you are so bad. vpu are the very one He wants to save. During e-f/r war, I remember the doctor used to go after to look at the wounded men, and he • • hi &n;& out the most desperate cases and U*d +<* That- is the way the great xtena . . now. He saves the worst ""men nysieian j a great, manv people who ie can get. comet but they are waitfear until hey alittk' ^ *** God ** lk° 'tends, »e Lord invites J. _ 'iJ£AitX=, *;ic AA/IUIUUICS ow, nonce, m\ - ^ 4<iro anQ jf you could to come just as y ^ . n-ould not be anv , yourselr better you' be any ■ acceptable to Him. > »ot put iiuse rag-s of self-righteousness .^°ut 7011- God strip even* rag from you w.^n 7GJ1 C0Ine im, and eiothe you with gloriou^ garments, ro our war was going on, we wocut some s go to the recruiting office and see a man b in with a silk hat, broadcloth coat, cali> boots—his suit mightbe worth £100; and her roan would come in whose clothes were worth a pound; but they both had. to strip put on the uniform of the country. And hen we go into Christ's vineyard we must on the liven* of heaven and be stripped of y rag. So, however bad you are, come as you are, and the Lord will receive you. have read of an artist who wanted to pafut cture of the Prodigal Son. He searched >ugh the madhouses, and the poorhouses, the prisons, to find a man wretched enough epresent the prodigal, but he could not find One day he was walking down the streets met a roan whom lie thought would do. told the poor beggar he would pay him I if he came to his room and sat for his emit. The beggar agreed, and the day was ointed for him to come. The day came, II man put in his appearance at the artist's n. i: You made an appointment with me," •aid, when he was shown into the studio. ; artist looked at him, " I never saw yon >re," ho said ; u you cannot have an appoint lt with me." ci Yes," he said, " Iagreed to :t you to-day at ten o'clock." " You must mistaken: it must have been some other ist: I wus to see a beggar here at this hour." -"oil," says ihQ beggar, "I am he." "Youf" es." u \Vhy, what have you bren doing f" ."ell, I thought I would dLres3 myself up a before I got painted." "Then," said the ist, " I do want you! I wanted vou as you e ; no ir, you are no use to me." That is the r Christ wants every poor sinner, just as he I think 1 can hear sane cue shy. " Oh, but my heart is so hard." "Well, that* is just the -*ery reason you ought to come. If you had ..oi'a hard heart, you would not need a*Saviour. J)o you think you can soften your heart ? Can you break your heart ? Did not God invite the hurd-liearted r Did not Christ como to seek and save that which was lost r It is just because men's hearts are hard that they need a Saviour. So that is no oxciise at all. God in vites you, and you cannot stand up and say to the Great King you did not accept the invita tion he-cause you had a hard heart. He invites " whosoever," and you can coiue along with your hard heart just as it it. - In the Korth a minister was talking to a man in the inquiry-room. "Sly heart is so hard, it seems as ififc was chained, audi caiinot come," said the inquirer. The minister said to him, "Come along, chain and all;" and he just came to Christ, hard-hearted, chain and all, and Christ snapped the fetters, and set hirn «»L». ....v* snu|<j(cu niv iciivia, aiiu sut JUIIZ free jnst there. If you are hound hands and feet In- Satan, it is the work of God to break fetters; you caanot break them. But, WJIliUU 1UC m bllUIJI. JJUr, thank God, He can snap the , fetters of every sin-bound soul to-night, and set each captive free. Then comes another.excuse. "I should like to come, hut somehow'of other I do not know that I feel just right."; Tliat is a very common excuse,—Feeling, feeling," feeling, feeling! I have heard that ciy till I am sick* of it. ^Sup pose a friend invites me to dinner to-dav, and I say, ""Well, I would like very much to take .dinner with you. There is no man I would i rather dine with than yourself: hut I do not i know that I feel jnst right." " Are you siekr" he might ask. "Ho, I never felt better in my I life." " "Well, what do yon mean ?" "I don't I know that I feel just right. I do not know I that I will he in a right state of mind." " I do notnndeistnnd j-on," ho would say. "What do yon mean ?" «"Well, I would like to go very j much, hut I don't feeVright." And that is the 1 way men are talking now. " I would like to go to heaven, hut I don't know that I have got! the right kind of feeling." But, my friends if yon really want to, God invites you, and that, is all about it. My friend urges* me to come hut I keep on saying, " I do hot know that I am in tiie right state of mind." " Why," he would say, I think Mr. Moodv must have gone out of his mind. I invited him to dinner, and instead of giving me a plain answer he kept talking about feeling all the time!" You may smile at it, but that is just the way people talk in the inquiry-room—hundreds of them. My friends, does God invite yon ? If Ho does why don't you accept the invitation ? If yon' want to come, just come along, and don't be talking about feeling. Do you think Lazarus had any feeling when Christ called In'm out of the sepulchre ? My friends, God is above feeling. Ho voir think you can control your feelings? I*am sure if I could control my feelings I never would have any had feelings. I would al-' ways have good feelings. But hear in mind Satan may change our; feelings fifty times a day, but he cannot change the Word of God • and what we want is to build our hopes of heaven upon the Word of God. When a poor sinner is coming up out of the pit. and just ready to get his feet upon the Bock of A»es the devil sticks out a plank of feeling, and save Get on that," and when he puts his feet "on that, down he goes again. Takeonoof these texts—' Verily I say nnto you, hetliathearefh My word and beheveth on Him that sent Me hath everlasting life, and than not come into condemnation, hut is passed from death unto lite. Myfrreud that is worth more than all the feelings that you can have in a whole lifetime I would a thousand times, rather stand on that veixe than on all the frames and feelings I over had. X took my stand there twenty vears .nop' Since tuen the dark waves of hell have come dashing up against me; the waves of persecu tion have broken all around mo: doubts, fears and unbelief in turn have assailed hie; but I have been able to stand firm oh this short word of God. It is a sure footing for eternity. It wis true 1S00 years ago, and it is true to-night. That rock is higher than my feeling. And what we need is to get our feet , upon the rock, and the Lord will put a now song in our mouths. But I hear some one in the gallery say, Me has not touched my case at all. None of these things ever trouble me; but the fact is. 1 c"""?{ tehesc. I would like to come, but 1 cannot belic-ve. J\ot long ago a man said to me, • I cannot believe." " Whom ?" I asked He stammered and euid again, " I cannot believe. I said, "Whom!" '/Well," he said, rce«'/believe."_ " Whom ?" I asked «wii F,auI>"I cannot believe myself. Well you do not need to.. You do not need to put any confidence in yourself The less you believe in yourself the better." But if yon tell me you .can't believe God that is another thing; nndlwouia like to ask you why! If a man says to me, «I have a great respect for you; I have a great admiration for you; but I do not believe a word you say " I say to myself, "I certainly do not think much of yorr admiration." But that is the way a good mauv people taik about God. They say, "I have a profound reverence for God; the very name of God strikes awe to tp.v heart but I do not believe Him." Why don't vou be honest ami say at ojico yon tcon't believe? There is no real reason why men cannot believe Go<l I eliallenge any infidel on tho face of the carta to put liis finger on one promise God Imp erer made that Ho has not kept. The idea of a man standing up in the afternoon of the nineteenth century and saying lie cannot believe God! ^ My fnend. you lmve no reason lor not believing liim. If yon say you cannot believe man there would be some reason in that, be cause men very often snv what is not true, But pod never makes nnyimstakos. " Has lie said it and shall bo not make it good r" Believe in God, and say us Job saysThough be slay inc, .vet will I trust Him." Some men talk as ii it were a great misfortune that ihev do nob he licve. Iliey seem to look upon it as a kind of in firmity, and think they ought to be sympathize! with and pitied. But bear in mind thai it is tin I most.danming sin of the world. " When Ho the Holy Ghost is come, lie will reprove tho world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment; of sin, because they believe not on 2fe '' * That is the sin of the world—"because thev believe not on Mo." That is the very root of sin; and the fruit is bad, -for'tho treo is bad May God open our eyes to seo that He is true and may we all he led to put our fullest trust *u Christ. Jlut you say, "1 do not J;now what it is to brtierc" That is another excuse. Well, lefcmc put it differently. .Suppose I say /nu/ Hitn^ just take Him at his word. Believe that Ho really invites you—that He wants you to come If you do not know what it is to believe, wili you not just trust God? But here is another one who says, " X would like to come very 'much, but I am afraid I would not hold out" Now, X have had a rule for a number of years that has been a great help to me-—never to cross a mountain until you come to it. You trust. Christ to save you to-ni*r},t The devil throws a little straw across , your path, and then tries to magnify it, and makes you think it is a great mountain.: Never mind the mountains; trust Him to-night to save you. If He can save you to-night, He can keep you to-morrow. When you have sat down at tho banquet and had one good feaat-rwhen you have had one interview with Christ, you will not want to leave Him. I accepted this invita tion twenty years ago, and Xhavenever wanted to go back. I have not had to keep myself all these years. I would have been back in twenty-four hours if I had. But, thank God, we do not have to keep ourselves. The Lord is my Keeper—my Shepherd, I shall not want. He keeps us. It takes the same grace to keep us that it does to save us. And God has told us that " My grace is sufficient for you." But some people are not at all afraid of falling away. Theyarestircthat God isqniteabletosavo thein, and quite; strong'enough to keep them. But when you ask them if they are' Christians they say, /< Well, you know, I would like lo bc\ but Ihav'e no time." It, I were to go to the -- door to-night, and take you by the hand and ~ say, « My friend, why not accept of the invita tion; to- night:'" some of you would say " Please just excuse me to-night. I have really no time. I have got some very pressing busi ness to attend to to-morrow morning, and I have to go home as fast as possible to get my night's rest. You must realty excuso me." And the mothers would say, "We have to run home and put the children to bed; you must excuse usforthis time." So thousands and thou sands say they havc no time to be religious. But, my friends, what have you done with nil the time that God has given you ? What have you been doing all these months and years that have rolled away since He gave you birth ? Is it true you have notime? .What did :j*ou do with the, 365 days of last year ? Had you iio fame during all these twelve months to seek the Kingdom of God? You- spend twenty years getting an education : to enable: you to earn- a living for this poor frail body so soon to. be eaten up of worms. You spend seveti or, eight years in learning a trade, that vou may earn your daily bread f and yet you have not'/w minuics to 'accept of this ir ritation of Christ! My friend, bearrin xniud you have yet to find• time to die; to stand in the presence-of the Judge. - And when he calls 5'ou to stand before that bar, will you dare to* tell Him that you had no time to prepare for the marriage supper of His Son ? You! have .; Take time I Let everything else be laid aside until you have"accepted of this invi tation.. Do you know that it is a lie ?. If you have not time, take it. "Seek first the Kingdom of God.' Let the children sit up a little late to- night. Let yQi|r business be sijsponded to-morrow. Suppose yoii * do not get so much mono^ to-moiTOw ? What matter.it if vouget Uinsfc ? Better for a man to be sure of salvation than to " gain the whole world and lose his own soul." }011 , "I would like to become p ' Christian, but JJmre a prejudice against . thes>. .. special meetings, and against. Americans, and against a layman too. If it was a regular ministry, and it was our regular minister, I wmild accept the invitation." If that is vour difficulty, I can help you out of it.' You can just get right up, and go out of the hall; nnd walk straight over to your minister) arid; have^ a talk with him. And if you say .you do not want to be converted in a special meeting, there ■ are r^gijlarmeetingsinall tliechurchcs through- . out the town, and your minister would belieartily glad to talk with yo'u about j*qur soul". But if yon say, " There is a great awakening hero in London, and I do not like to be Converted in thetimo of a revival," you can step into a train) qnd go to some town where there is ho revival! Wo o&h; fifid you some place where there is no revival, and some ohqrch where there is not much of the revival spirit, without very much difficulty. If you really want to go, pray don't give that for an excuse. How wise the devjl is! When the church is cold,' and everytliing is dead, men say, "Oh,.'\yeU, if tfmrc was only somo life in tlio ohiu'eh I iqigb^ fecepme a Christian; if we could only have a wave of blessing from heaven, it would be so easy then." Then when the wave does come they say, " Oh, no, wc are afraid of excitement, and afraid of these special meetings. We are afraid some thing will be done that won't be j'ust in accord ance with onr ideas of propriety." Oh, my friends, do pot listen to those subtle lies. Juat come as yon are ir> Christ, and accept the offer which lie makes you now. I wish I had time to go on /with thesp excuses, but they are as numerous as the hairs of my head. And if I could go ou, and tried to exhaust them all, the devil woujd just hc)p you to make move. The best thingyou can do is to tie thorn all into one bundle, and stamp them as a pack of lies; not a single ono'of them is true. And God will sweep Ihctn all away some day if you do not do it now. It is u very solomn thought that God will excuso you if yo« want to be excused. He does not wish to do it, but lie will do it. " Ab I live, saith the Lord, I have no plensuro in the death of tho kicked; hut that tho wiokod turn from his way and live. Turn yo, turn yo from your evil ways; for why mil yc die, 0 house of Israel.". Look at the Jewish nation. They want. to ho excused from tho feast. They despised tho graco of God and trampled it tinder foot, and look at them to-day! Yes,.it is easy enough to say, "I pray Thee huvomcoxeused," hut by- and-by God may take you at your word, and say, " Yes, . I will excuse you/' And in that lost world, while Others who huvo accoptcd tho initation sit -down to the marriage supper of tho Lamb, amidst shouts and hallelujahs in heaveni you will be crying in tho company of the lost, "Tho harvest is past; tho summer is ended, and we are hot saved.'* And remember, it is tho King of kings, tho Lord of glory, who invites you to this feast. Como just as you arc, and accept the invitation. Let tho plough stand in the furrow until you have accepted it. Let the shop he closed till then; let business bo suspended until you havo accepted it. Let the land rest; yes, let.the ox stand in the stall, until you have accepted that invitation. Make sure, whatever you do, that you will not bo missing from tho marriage supper of tho Lamb. That sainted mother of yours will be thero. That little, child that died a few months ago will be there. Young lady! do you want to ' be ex cused? He will excuse you. Do you want to be. excused, young man? He will excuse you. You may make light of it to night, if you choose. " Oh, no," you say, "I never do that; whatever I do, I liave;■ never done that!" Have you not? Suppose . I get an invitation to dinner to-morrow; I take it andtcarit up; I doriot auBwcrit; I pay no attention to it. Is not that making light oi it ? How xnanyof you willgo away to-night paying no attention to this invitation ? Every* ono who goes home in a careless spirit, won't he be making light of it ? The Lord has invited you to the gospel feast. Aro you going to spend this evening in accepting or making light of tho invitation? . God does not want you to die; He wants you to accept tliis invitation and live. If you have a good excuse, one that will stand tho light of eternity, hold on to it. Do not give it up for anything. Take it down with you into the grave. Hold it firm, take it to the bar of God, and tell it out to Hiin. But if you havo got one that won't stand the test of eternity, givo it up. If you have an excuse that will not stand the piercing eye of God, I beg of you, as a friend, givo it up to-night. Let it go to the four winds of heaven, and accept tho invitation to bo at tho marriages supper of the Lamb. Do not let the laughing, scoffing, mocking world laugh your soul into eternal death. Do as the pilgrim, whom John Bunyan describes, who started out from the City of Destruction, crying, " Life, life, eternal life 1" Set your face like a Hint towards that blessed land and say, " By the grace of God, I will bo at tho marriage supper of the Lamb." Supposing we should write out hero to-night this excuse; how would it sound ? " To the King of Heaven. While silling in the- — Hall, City of , July —, 1875, 1 received a very pressing invitation from one of your servants to be present at the marriage supper of your only begotten Son. I VTsja Thee have xie excused." Would yousign that, youngman? Would you, mother? .Would you come up to the reporter's table, take up a peu, and put your name down to such an excuse ? You would say, " Let my right hand forget its cunning, and my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth if I sign that." I doubt if there is one here who would sign it. Will you then pay no attention to God*3 invi tation ? I beg of you do not make light of it. It is a loving God inviting you to a feast, and God is not to be mocked. Go play with the forked lightning, go trifle with pestilence and ' disease, but triflo not with God. Just let mo write .out another answer. "To the King of ffcaecn.. While sitting in -Hall, July —, 1875,1 received a prcssiny invitation fromonc of your messengers to be present at the marriage supper of your only begotten Son. it hasten to reply, By the Guace of-God I will de pkesent." Who will sign that ? Is there ono who will put his name to it? Is there no ono who will say, "By the grace of God I will accept tho invitation now r" May God bring you to a decision just now. If you would ever, see the kingdom of God, you must decide this question one way or other. What will you do with tho invitation ? I bring it.to you in the name of my Master; will you accept or reject it?. Bo.wise to-night, and accept of the invitation. Mako up your mind you will not go away till tho question of eternity is.settled. May God bring hundreds to a decision to-night is the prayor of my heart. . . 