I LOCAL & GENERAL NEWS. \ Tub 66th moolKy nesting of tbe K«i hampton Bunding Society Jso. 4, was held ?TSbMtaqfo L. Dibdin) offia. B£ 15s. 9d. was received as subscriptions and . interest No advance darts weresold. Me. Ebstst Peterson, of Qennont, died j on Tuesday last The deceased gentleman, win had a store in the ton-n above mentioned, t wasweu-knownintbis district, and enjoyed tie esteem of a large circle of friends and « acquaintances. Mr. Peterson was a bachelor, i ajustice of the Peace. *nd had resided m Ctemont mr eight or mne years past ] The footrace between Carver and Gnymsj decided on Wednesday. At7.30a.rn, the hoar, decided for the match, there was a large I ^^^CTM^..,™? of people on tke ground (which I vis in capital condition), and a good deal of I interest tras manifested in the afian-. A good i start was effected, and Gray won a splendid nee by a few feet. The match nl for £10, I and Gray had a start of Ifcree yards from bis I opponent. I The Post-cum-Telegraph Oflke dock which j rarely condescends to be right, and which is i Tujtjt^*- ornamental nor useful, i& again in one of its sulky moods, and has refused to allow its hands to. move onfortwoor three days. TJiis clock has bad any amount of doctoring, and is regularly wound up, but it is a bitter bad one, and is only fit to be upon tick in a. pawnshop. Cannot the Government afford ns a better and more ornamental dock? If they cannot, sardy there is sufficient pluck in the town to collect tiie necessary money to boy a new one, and to send the present objec tionible Gpecnnen of horograpby to tile Fiji Islands. *Tm? foDoiring prisoners were brought to town by tie Banyip last Thursday, having arrived 'as far as Keppd Bay in the Florence Irving :— Margaret Allot, convicted at Cook town on a dai^e of vagrtney, and eentenced to three months1 imprisonment ; Edward TTtPwian, one month's imprisonment for larceny ;. R. H. L. Campbell, committed for trial at the next District Conrt at Cooktown for false pretences ; and Hannah Hint, alia* rTmnyfr 'Mj^^M1, three roontis' ?ni|rT'«'rTiTnCT'fr for vagrancy. All the prisoners were from Cooktown. THTrar- isannnonrin town, winch, it is to be .hoped, is based npon a good foundation, and aia* is that Messrs. Mart and Go. hare an idea of opening x branch of their '^ bcesng business on the banks of the Fitzroy, in tfae aogfabonriiood of Socthampton. Messrs. Mort have very probably arrived at the same can&usion.; as many others, ssaidy, £hat Central Qneensland must, when her magni ficent back country is thoroughly opened by squatters, and wfa-n all the intervening stations and selecfaoos are fifrorfrpd, be lite largest and best breeding country in tie Aos tzafias, if not in the world. If such 'be the opinions entertained by Mwbts. Moxt^ the chances are tint something has been said by titem about opening at Spckhampton. The School of Arts in this town is known by all who have even a limited knowledge of st to needtepaixE. In. tuny weaiber it bears a very strong resemblance to a ngantie Bhower-batii, and on Tuesday evening last the Committee of Management must hare felt anything but gratified at lite state of the farildxng when they satfal feast Imff-a-dozen umbrellas raisrd orer the heads of some of lie ladies present at the concert. During the storm, which raged for at least an faonr, the rain came fhroogh the roof in teiy many pi****'*, and had it not been for the pro tection of nmbreHaa there would nndoabtedly have bee& ussy headdresses and garments iffHw^ffa. T%int-snflh a state of ?^?'ig** Btwwflfl jjwlni. in connection with i^** pnfalic M+Xl of the seemd. town in. Qnrrn Fil fl ti n is simply dis graceful, and the sooner steps are taken to plrVf the bunding in proper repair the better. There isgreat judgment required in selecting a title tor * book— a bad one almost condemns the new '?''tiflyfr* for public favour before it is seen or read — a good one secures in a very great measure its favourable reception. Its jMBBpost into society has been vised; it is received, and the first great step towards a second edition 'fafrpn *TTi** gentleman who lately wrote a book npon Queensland, and called it 'The Queen of the Colonies,7' is perfectly well aware of the value of a first impression. What Queenslanoer who can manage to '*?-' together 7s., H}* price at which the volume is published, nn possibly hesxtaVtiB about patrnBii-riTis an author who robe fria hair so di^icately the right way? A*?-* 'The Queen of the Colonies' is a very readable book; it makes no pretensions tonne writing, but i^**^q with facts in a *'atit'fT of f*r4r manner. al£&oc;$& at f*rww H\e- pnt^w fla^-c^ Qnee&alaad;, but t=^p' Queens land may hare made herself agreeable to him in more ways than one, conseqaeutly he felt bound to re^aim *^*- compuinent, tnexefbre a little pecaftionaj vivid colouring may be pawinnwl The writer says he spent over eight years in the colony, daring which frmf Jig iwiriafl liTi yn ^ variety of m^nfift and mmglf^ in alinofrf: all pbaaes of society, there frm? *h*t-. {]£ farngi with ^*'' the fi»*»fc f^wfiiti^! his office. He teQa nsne has passed throogh ^tany adTentnres, and Been many d tiie ops and downs of cotariil Vie, and that having been at nrions times connected with the press in various parts of the colony he has had special means of acquiring jna»—i«im and of looking behind theaoenea. Onr anther does not plump deeply into statiriJiii. ndther an his nev or bdOiaat ; nevertheless be famishes an *mHmt, idea, of what Qdeendasd is, and what she wffl man pobabinty become; and Hie book rnU, if St do noUime mare, make tins young and Trigorora colony better known totiueewbo consider fte greater part' of it as a farm tan^aAc. The foot n erallently prijfad, and we can recomrnend itB perusal to SbTpeopUof QmwaUad, «weH«totfastof mooli-whDSTelooLiiiEslKKtt than to see to SgTpart ofttl world they Bbmll emigrate. At tie Ponce Conrt on Thursday morning, before the P.M-, WiDiani Basden, «p»man, was charged with refusing to obey* tile lawful commands of Captain Hardy, of the Tarn baroora, and pleaded not grifty. Mr. D'Arcy appeared for the defence. The evidence of the Captain having been taken, Che prisoner promised to return to his work, and the Bench discharged him. A vues case— W. Bawden, pi.;..m^ and Captain Hardy, defendants-was witlidi*awn. THE people of the Marfc-iin- are ansioady availing tain ; and as this is the time of year vbsn thunderstorms sweep orer that portion of die country, it is to be hoped that the grass will qt-nckly change Us colour from msset grey to emerald greeo. Very many -whirlwinds have been observed lately in the Mackenzie districts, and as they are regarded by sonie people as indications of drought, dry ?weather is predicted. A monster wnirlwind astonished somewhat, on Thursday, the 19th, the good folks residing on Messrs. Barber and Co.'s, Botherambo. It appeared to rise from near * lagoon at the hack of the house, and, gathering force as it proceeded, it tore the old grass by the roots, so that in a few seconds an ahnotst solid column was formed of -die gmss and d&ri;* of every descriptioD that could be picked np. Before it reached the house it began to play sad havoc The main buOdmgis roofed with iron, while the verandah and skulion are, for -the sake of coolness, covered TriSh bark. Under «hs latter the wind rushed and tore it into shreds, while tile sheets of iron were sent flying in all directions. The ground for yards around the house was thickly sown with sheets of iron, barb, pots, pans, backets, Jtc, and every description of household fnmitore. Every nook and corner of the house was filled with grass, which came in throogh the open pane-wDrkof the root It is fortunate that he house is nearly new, and more sbtmgly loilt than many of the bosh shanties, or there would have been little of it left to greet -the eye of the owner on his return home, for luckily £or him he was absent when the whirl wind paid his household gods a visit, through the root A vixu. attended meeting of the members of the new Infantry Corps was held on the 20th in the ball of the School of Aria, Mr. A. Feet in the chair. The ban. secretary (Mr. W. 3. dimming) read correspondence re ceived, ™-lij;ng a letter from Mr. BuzacoU stating that at present there were no rifles available for the Company, but a supply was shortly expected from London. AIkot thirty members were sworn in, and the rules for the guidance of the corps were adopted. Mr. A. r^Q was htit'ithvhi'bvj' elected Captain, anil it was resolved to have only an. undress conform for tlie present. The usual vote of thanks to Hit* pharnmn terminated th«» fnfffr''g. Ws leam that Mr. Mttevitt has been removed from Ireland to F^g1''1 by the Agiatt-General, to lecture in the rural dis trict*. We hope Mr. H-Devitt will be more successful in his new sphere of action in send ing out a suitable snpply of immigrants, than neh£& hitherto been* Tfcw last '»ian*a«-^- or two sent out by him have been, by no means up to the mark. We are informed that a croflprnaji wanting a ploughman went to fop 3ep0t on the arrival of the last tdnpineat from VVhtft was bis chagnnon finding that among the whole number there was not one plough man. We have of late been paying a high price for a very inferior article. We hope Mr. fljp^ijgfoT will Tttafcr an » ' ? * i— f^ fn^^t m t^™ respect.— Qneemdamd Patriot Foub men, of the class wiridki prowl aboot frequented tiioroudiiares pariacnlarly in the neighboachood of banks, to «wiadle innocent coustxymesa of their cash, took a lucky digger into »? public-house not tar from the Water Police Court yesterday morning, and proceeded to l*y «^*^«* ai«y.r»»n before him. A ntranpT, howcrer, who had observed them slipped into the public house, and taking possession of a rootiL adjoining t^iat in which ^r^1** fiharpexs were, he saw them with tike notorious match box, and in the act of betting the unfortunate £10 that he could not open tiie box. although the ™»7i»M*i- of doing ao was shown to him. Before their scheme reached its issue the stranger passed through the room; the sharpers quickly hid their box, and looked as innocent as they ftwiM ; »*** rafting thfi digger to him the stranger waxsed him who his companions were. The digger looked very piuf' surprised, out, printing by the good advice ; he left ^** ***'w'p*n^*^ tn *'-^1*Hr r*? flections.— S. 3L Berntd. AiihePrahran Police Conrt on Monday, before Messrs. Templeton, P.M., Crews, Oixon, and Harris, the fc—p».» Michael Gatdy was charged with rideoHy a'WlnllJng James Walsh, a carter employed at the Botanic Gardens. Proseeator Btated.that be tween 8 and 9 o'clock on &e; »TTTTi'»g of the 3rd he was with his hone and drayat the back of the Immigranta* Home. As he was putting np the rail of the slip-panel of the fence he saw Gately and two women, one o? w&Gsn; airiinfrhrtT and ..fc»J niin £-r .*w». tobacco, winch he refused to give her. Gately thereopon ran up, apparentiy in a friendly manner, and saying, 'Kerer mind, he's a countryman of mine,' picked np a n3, and seizing it with both hands made a blow at Walsh's head. In endeavouring to ward it off with his arm Walsh receivBd the full force of the stroke upon it, and feu down. As he was raising fcmw^lf, Qatety »MgM: hold of lino and bit the lower part of bis cheek. Tie baas had by tins tons hotted, and Walsh ran after to ctop it, followed by Otedy, who mm by*Dr?Byan,«ndwas eoafiaM to Ins bonse «K-titreeda]«fiosAe-abEBia{ Us iojana. J3»! Bench committBdananerfiH' trial at tbe Central Crnmnal Cont. Catdy't wife and charged with bfingidln and disorderly penwns. It «u proved But they had both been &e-; qnenlane Ae Ji''«' far some -tame- bad no TirihU meus «C imppott, mod bad b»p» vioady convicted cf Tagrancy. They were each senteaced to sit monfla1 impriaoDnMnt, Greenwood wioi naid labimi' — ^wfaMMW. OPBgveniogooiilwiinmiaiy (says the Gomrier of the 19th instant) announced yesterday, in very large type, the death of the Bon. William Bede Dalley, Attorney-General of New Sooth Wales, and in praportioaately smaller type 1he death of his father-in-law, Mr. Long, who stood in the same Tebtioo to Chief Justice Martin. Though knowing well jnsitaoii, we thought it «*-mt «iia™ly ri».± h** would, even for family reasons, die on the same day as his father-in-law, when by living he cobM be of ranch greater nse. However, resolved to be prepared for 4he wont, .we sorrowfully but impressively commanded «m principal obituary writer and leading isoegymt to get op all the facts of Mr Bailey's bruliant career, and write a notice worthy of one of the most genial men, ramw-nt lawyers, anmiiaMp reviewers, and eloquent speakers that Australia has produced. The painful drn^ was, we must say, ably and -viiic/»T.MirinMipW performed, and Oib manuscript is now in an editorial pigeon hole, where we hope it may long remain. Our own telegrams mention Mr. Long's death, but say nothing about Mr. Dalley baring done anything more indiscreet than order an enquiry into the con duct of certain police constables. In all seriousness, we tznst that it may tarn out that some member of our contemporary's staff has misread a, telegram, and hence the announce ment, and that one of the most eminent and popular men in these colonies, William Bede Dalley, may long be snared to do the State good service. The Faxhkk of the Foest Bast. — Dear sister, I now take my seat and sit down to take tins opportunity to unarm you that I am adadyatlast. Abbe has got a nice, fat baby, and we hope these few lines may find you en joying the same blessing. Now this is to be a strict business letter. Firstly, as I said before, Abbe has got as nice a baby as ever made op faces. Keatiy, I have swapped away old jhefcrin. and I think I have a pretty nice horse; it is a girl and weighs Dine Bonds (I mean Uu- baby), and is as Cat as ?utter, and has got a. good pair of longs. She has got blue eyes and a dimble in her chin (I mean the baby now), and just the prettiest month that ever opened to receive pap; and judging from her teeth. I should think she was about six: years old (I mean the horse now). She is sound, smooth, and kind (I mean the hone or the baby, either now), and tha doctor says she « the fairest he ever saw without exception, (I mean the baby.) t got $25 to boot (not on the baby, though, for in its case the boot was on the other U&atnd; two or three axes larger, as near as I can fmd.) She is ai hearty as a pig; ate «Vg& She is getting along nicely and if she don't have any bad Inck she will get along first-rate. She is troubled wtth disorders of the stomach, and they say this is a sign of colic (I mean the baby.) I hope it is, for the nurse says colicky fr^Vi»« never die. She talks out of her nose as she takes snnS. (The nurse, 1 mean now.) l%ere, Fve been reading tins over, and! see plainly that I aint fit to write. The amount of it is, I am flnstrated. I am a happy daddy and thatacconnts for it; so .yon If there is one posibnn in life more enjoy able than another it is, I think, that of an insolvent who has failed for a tremendously large eum, and dose it neatly— ' withm the four corners of tile Insolvency Act,' as the luryexBSay. listen, wish I was sa insolvent, who had failed for a, million, or something like such a sum. I would sooner be in that posi tion 1haa -be nude to the Czar of Bussia, or first cousin to the Queen of Sheba. Suchaman is happy, or ought to be, if happiness is to be found an this earth. He dont owe anybody a penny ; he has a host of sympathising friends ; be is not expected to keep up any appearanoes, except a sort of mitigated woe and injured innncenry deportment before ?i*'''yrq ; and if he has not saved enough out of the wreck to make -'*'n°alf and his family comfortable, he deserves kicking, t was led to the above teun of thought a short lame ago by seeing an insolvent leave the wharf, at Bris bane, for a trip to the old country. The choicest berth in the vessel was secured for him, and so it will be on the mail steamer that conveys him tile last part of the journey ; the little coasting steamer in which he was depart ing was scarcely big enough to hold all his lnggage, and ahost of friends were present to wish him a pleasant voyage. I hope I am not envious. I try my bes^ in a^mst, unostenta tious manner, to paddle my uwa canoe, and forge ahead just as rime, tide, and personal sldll permit, wilhmt grizzling over the slow rate of progress I am making as compared with others. It is a source of perennial HitinfarMon to me toiknow that we shall all liro HI we die— if nobody kOto w— and that it won't make two stmrs difference a hundred years hence how much are saved or spent ao long as we worked our passage through in an fustest, tnaniy, Qprigfat, and down rtraight manner. But I most say that when I saw the genfleman before illuded to depart from these snorts I should have been happy to bare changed places with him. Ishoui like to make a top to the old oountry, and visit the old places, and see as many of the old faces as are left. But there isn't the ghost of a chance of it I am not an insolvent for half-SHxdffion, and never can hope to be. I am not likely fe become an insolvent at all, far the bestof all nanshk reasons, which I need not mention more particularly, and the longer I live the mom firmly am I convinced Oat very few men m this great cotooywho the old country, trarfhng **£''?£»» way. Bow sad »gawi one does atmrusoM mmi. tmt imimnS for v«ry lsise ainwinln ortune favours the. ta«e,-&H; «*» hf a A »™.»b«.u« -ecane from snake 'bite occurredaahorttinuBtte *» ? ' «**- tf* «£ twoveaxs-dd,danaliterof Mrs. Hash, of Salt W«terCredZ TSta- »«*«?. B~¥*°_* waterhole for the porp°«e of washing eTotbes, accompanied bythelMefiirl,*1' latter trod on a brown saake, which hnnwriiatriy coQed itself round the chad's leg. He mother was paralysed -with horror, and unable to do . anything; but fortunately the snake mj coUed i&di;, and took its departure without injuring the ntUegirl— ITtie £?* **d Bmrwett If ever there was a rolling stone, it was Mr. E. F. Hingston, who died recently in Ixmos'. Hay-writer and actor, traveller, spirihiaf V, Indian chief, Fiji courtier, agent andt« nniuiiiMil. pedesbasa, mannfactnrer of Dnteh docks, journalist, fSncinnati pig-raiser, notable 'brave' amongst tile Maones and South Sea Islanders, sheep-shearer in New Zealand, and storekeeper in Irisco,— no man ever saw more phases of human life. Hewn at one time tttougntto be a Mormon by fee Mormons tiieuaeWes of Salt Lake City. Be l™*ni Custavns Brooke. Home, the spiritualist, employed him, as did also jtemus Ward. Professor Anderson, Spiers and Pond, be, kc, as business sgent— Borne THE Sydney telegraphic ooiraiyondent of the £w-W Tehgrapk wins that 'At the Land Court held at Urana on the 19th, to ~t*nmA*T applieatians for the Tanko Beserve, tbere -were three, iandred applicants present. Theequatters managed to secure nearly the whole of tiie frontages in a large portion of the reserve ; whfle, in other cases, the land was so cut np with selections token np with volun teer hna-orden, tiat nothing but ran* strips of country were left A great many intending sdacnmwliotovebaenoUsappomted mobuumng land arelond in their complaints. ttKre^uVnow very lew blocks available for selection. The oasmess -at the Land Office was carried on in an orderly mannnr Two hundred and five applications were put in, several of them being for Die sams blocks. In these cases, the applications were decided by ballot. Many selectors are complain ing that the proceedings were not conducted fairly.' The following is an erfiwningly delicate way of making contributions to assist the widow and children of the late Mr. Henry Kingsley; the appeal quietly as it is put, will nrobaUr draw forth a practical reel V in the shape of a nurse of sovereigns :— Notwith- standing the many happy exceptions, literary mm, as a. rule, whatever may ha their reputa tions m their lifetimes, leave but fnsjgninretiit estate behind. Such has unfortunately been the case with the amiable and a}iirited author of 'Bavenshoe ' and 'Garden Grange.' His will has just been proved, and the nmmnalty sworn under a nominal sum. His works remain, but the Utflfiwoalth Henry Kingdey ever had has- vanished. Mtmii sincere sympathy wffl be felt for Mr. BSngsUy's widow and children. Henry jnngsbsf loved England neatly, but he loved Australia not lent and from his AsstzaUan-experiances he drew most of the materials for iris most vivid descriptions of scenery and ddinmlionn of l«w «*.r»*4». la it too much to Jiope that our rich and generous Australian and New Zealand frir'*' wnlshow Iheir regard for the memory of a man who was a Ink between them and the mother country ina way which can be at once practical and ddi«rt»? I am glad to say, writes a Carpentaria cor respondent of the ComrUr, that the district IB progressing satisfactorily, and that evidences tie uot irantaUigis9Mt nor tMwtii.-wttRni'tnifi* tory is begbramg to attract the notice it deserves from southern cafttahsta. Recent purchaaee hare been made Bust if foSewed np by judicious expenditure in the shape of im provements and stocking, will very materiaUy affect the general welfare of Carpentaria. He Walton, of Melbourne, has purchased a fine tract of country on the Gregory Kiver, which I hope soon to see fully stocked, and have little doubt tint Ins enterprise wul be quickly followed up by other Victorians. The don curry has not escaped the general depression, but though -the popsbdaon baa decreased, tilings in general do not Look very bad. The new machine, after many vexafaous delays, will be at work in a few weeks, and then the Fisher's Creek Teen wul have a trial, and we may reasonably expect some new ones to be opened. cSome fine copper lodwi have been opened np during the last year. When wul tite MirM^H capnaiist turn his eyes to the north-west? Here are sonae of the finest copper '?*'.. m the world lying compaxatavely idW for want of alette capital being expended oa suudtrag works. I say comparatrvelyf because every dray that goes down to port takes its two or time tons of ore. If the lodes are so large, and the ore so rich, that it pays to bag the ore and send it down to New castle, or Swansea, how different would tile results be if the ore was smelted on the ground. There would ttmn be no difficulty in getting teams to oonvey the copper to port, as it would pay handsomely to give the same as is now given for uploading, lor which there is never any difficulty in flfaaming; teams. The road is to good that Che carriers prefer it to otters, though if eomethm«U not done to the Flinders' erasing a will soon use its good name. Abound the diflt-»t one. tfaareis ample timber to smelt on a small scale for many years to come, or st kast ttntu Mr. Millwraith'. trMt-oontioental railway is made, «s made it wul be, when the pubbc of -htsenslandnnd^sasadswfastanoblebsrn»c itkasteit.rntkwatemterritory; aheritale which wasaotghmitebe left almost useless for wuttfaiew of (he «nuubs which faU in eoch sAentsous sbowseti «? other parts o! thecenntry. ^ At the Beosption Borne on Monday after noon, tnree lunatics m committed to the asylum mt Woogaroo, laving been treated here for ft month without salutary effect Al the PoEoe Court on SafamW. bebmtbe PJt, OK drunkard was admonished nl dis charged. John FtogonJd, under mat for trite desertion, pleaded not guilty. Warrant of rannd from St Lawnnee, and dmooitiaoa taken by that Bench was rod in opeli Court and in presence of prisoner, and on baling Uie evidence of Ann Rttgnrald, the Bench ordered the defendant to pay SSs. pa- week far the support of his wife and family for the period of % calendar months, and to enter into reoogrmance in the mm of £10 for the due performance of aid order. A OBHTUEHair naidmg in Bockhampton brought as «. Ridaylast.smallpTrtioVof tile meat of. boBed mud cod, in which were imbedded numerous long thiii nmn ; some of \- them when pulled out measured considerably more than an met each in length. Upon inquiry n find that theme worms ore common in many fish at certain times of the year, particularly in the cat fish and mud cod. The Sab, a portion of winch we saw, weighed about* Urn., and was caught in the Creacent Lagoon. We again repeat our belief that it is advisable to boil all water, awe ram, before . drinking it Scafiur fever has made its unwelcome ap pearance in several parts of the colony; in Baveuswooditisso bad that Dr.CarrBoyd, the inspector, Mt it necessary to close the Primary School for a fortnight. There had been then, up to the 16th inst., no less than 19 eases of fever, while two deaths occurred in 48 boors. From private information we also learn lhat the same disease is prevalent at Brisbane, and that at Gympie Bereral cases have occurred. The weather is so frightfully hot and nntmaltiiy that every care ought to be taksn by wmmrjpal authorities to keep ??iii£M-i^»nii of ''' i ' ii i mi well up to their duties. The Qneemtlunder ?tateatfaat a. garttonan wefl acquainted with Ravenswood says that the dneMeiBin^prob^ilityattribaUbletoUie bid quality of the water -which the resident* are antler the necessity of asing. The people residing in and around Grace mere are very desinns that a police constable ?should be stationed at Hie township, and it was a matter of extreme enipriae to us to learn that tihere was not one already there. The population is increasing, the country is thickly eetned upon, and as apt-oof of this we may trtate that there are 74 children on the Primary School roll ? ffiia last fact is quite sufficient to enow the necenEJJy of police protection, as many of these children travel long distances *n*vrning and evening, and necessarily pass ftmngh many lonely and uninhabited pja'y , Tliere are also, so we are informed, very many loafers generally hanging about or passing through the township, who are not as a rule particularly well acquainted with the differ ence that exists between okkbi and taum. A letter, we understand, is about being forwarded to the Commissioner of Police, numerously signed, asking that gentleman to be good enough to give instructions for a policeman, to be stationed at Gracemere. ta ol^ande^ both red, *nd white, bloom ing in the Post Office garden, their large masses of blossoms hanging in rich festoons over tahe fence, ace this year particularly handsome, and are ornan.re.tB to the town, catching the eye of everyone who may be walking in their nfighbosrhood. But there are some people — and by people we mean men, hobby-de-hoya, and boys, who bare suffi cient of tiie Vandal in them to allow them to tear off these flower buds, and in nine instances out of ten throw them aside in a few minutes. We watched * young man on Monday, break and twist off several fine benches ; the white he could reach easily enough, but he had to tump to get tin red, and had he fallen and broken Ins nose, we should have rejoiced. Had he nsed afcmfeitwooidnothavebeen eo bad, bnt he literally tore off the branches. It was to all intents and purposes stealing, and the pn ** i»1im«i»q t awarded, should have been tfcatofathief. Abe we to have any ice this year? Here we have the dog days upon as before iiteir time, and every drop of liquid we poor down each *F»'fy as setting a cool glass of anything, and although it is not Quite certain our medical men would advocate the ArirAintr of an unlimited supply of iced water, still a lump of ice dropped into a jug of water, or of claret, and the liquor, little short of nectar, falrA« in moderate fluantHim ib exceedingly delirious, and not altogether unwholesome. It is quite true that when an overheated man there is no plan he could devise which would be belter adapted U secure the end desired thantiiatof drinldnf water of or below the temperature of 32 degrees. Bat do not die cods 'of our plcnnant viceB make instruments to plague us ?'— but without tiiese viceB what would life be worth ? — Hierefore commend us just now, the glass 9S in the shade, to a glass of water at 32. The Tambaroora, steamer, arrived at this, rrtfti*ff M-— l*y affr*TMM?' frfl'» T^wImhm. Jitifti*^ and as Stale or nothing is known of her by local residents, the following particulars will be of interest She was buut in 1875 by Messrs. A. Stephen and Sons, of Lenthouse, Glasgow; the ienstii bom the fore part of her stem under thebowaprit to the mft aide of the head of the stem post is US 2-10 feet; main breadth to the onfadue of plank, 24 feet; depth in bold boa tonnage deck to ceiling at Tamiasbipt, U 25400 tact; length of engine-room, 33 3-10 feet She is supplied mfii «Mp»l Mwm^t. ^rfJTig nym, maVlg hy Bowan of Glasgow. There are two cylinders 2* and 42 inches; stroke, 27 inches; horse power, SO. The registered tonnage hi 252 tons; gross, «KJ. TheXanibanxmrnbainaeiiggeCaod ?asms a compact and comtartaUeinaU atthouchfiie cabins and adorn are somewhat MnaB.~6heisr«mnandfdby-TaPtaitiHaniy. and wffl no doubt prove of adrantage to thai part. ' At about So'doek op Toeaiay evemng av atomi ame from tafae Buuiab~WBart and. passed directiy over BiwMiainptoa : tin; Uiumlrr was land, flu Ikhtniag vino, and the rain reu {or ?hdMlioirfataraa^udbptrBtodily rtlnir^d^mellaiiibl^putfcigMidette supply of drinkable water, which w91 be a tnat to the people «i both aides oC Hie river. We understand that a few days since, aad after tome honxs of *lm«* unprecedented heat, it hailed at Taamha ; the stones most of them being larger than peas. ** DAnrfvDAVi£,mthe pure-fared Clydesdale, has been disposed of by Messrs. Macdermott Brothers for £110, the purchaser being sir. E. WOson, of Serpentine Water. The mare Maiada by New Warrior, oat of Lady Theresa by Gratis (imported) was offered but passed in as tiie bids w^re not np to the wndor's pnee. VptiMa is i remarkably handsome mare, nine years old, bred by C Reynolds, Esq., of Tocal, and is just the stamp of ?i»™«f for breeders' purposes. The pure-bred Java pony King Pippin was also oflered, but passed in. A -3AP in tiie ^«i»v« of ioimalism has been created by the death of Mr. Thomas James White, editor and part proprietor of the Darling Downs Gazette, who died on Wed nesday afternoon last from spasmodic astiima, having been *al'»« fli on the Sunday morning previous. Mr. White was a resident of Toowoomba for a Tinwil«»j of yean, and prior to ti»B connectaion with the Press was engaged m echolastic and clerical duties, fie held the position of editor of ihe paper of which he was part proprietor when he died for a period of seven or eight years, and was recognised as a gentleman of disposition, and considerable literary ability, fie was in the prime of life, aad leaves a widow and two children. It™ really a matter of regret that the Which ha** BO ?ra»wr-fpmitf«jiljr lirfi. HEfj w\\\nri\ft have fallen on Tuesday evening and marred, to a great extent, the efforts of our amateur mnKirianw and singers, who have for nome time past been at ?'?fi'Ttp pa-inu to render 'tfr^1* concert worthy of tiie many concertB tiiat faave ptieceded it. Tfat pirapiynrrm 'was an ambitions one. and contained many overtures, duels, trios, solos, Ac., of the very highest characteiL fast to which justice was done by the various 1*vjj*»»t and eentlamenL who have set *^in*'|MfipT*B ?-?i*** by no iti**f '° easy task, of endeavouring to refine the taste of nie town, and to beget among its people a love of some thing better than .that which now wins upon their senses and occasionally malrm «ii.f-mg polls upon their pockets. It is not considerea polite to criticise tw****^1^, and if it were, the task would not at times be an agreeable one ; but in the case before n*. if we could plnnfe Enough thd hedge of decorum, we could only, in justice, bestow almost unqualified praise. Everything was well done, evidencing not only great mnwical proficiency, and voices of no ordinary quality, but a care in rehearsal which is not always a failing on the right side of amateurs, who are too apt to consider they can outdo protesnonals, and jump at a few leaps to perfection. But it must be borne in mind that Mr. A. E. Alexander was con ductor, and tfmfr was *«*»?*»- almost **nf^Hftut to THE 'coJoura' of No. 4 Q.V.B.R Com pany, so long and anxiously expected, arrived by tie «*M-*h» on Monday last from Sydney, and will be presented in due form by tshe ladies of R«»»44iMtipfc^ti to the Company on ?*' eady ?^?t^ of which due iwrtif^ will he given. We had the privilege of seeing the Has ^??f**' a^fl *r^-a*n5yy frrun the casein which it was sent, and unrolled, aad were at once struck witii the tiAi.**** of the design, the brilliancy of the colonra, and lie evidently careful ?n*'tw»r jp which the work lnnl been fiTaflntod by Measre. Farmer and Co., of Sydney, to whom it was entrusted. The heave old ** Union* Jack, ' which has 'btared a thousand years the~hattleaad the breeze,' and which Oampbell bo happfly ?**T1' tile ** meteor flag of England, n inspiring those over whom it floats, and regarded by the people of all nations with respect, made, as it was held np, the eyes of the Volunteers present sparkle with an honest delight, which was pleasant to look upon. As for Uentesant Clements, from whose design the flag was made, it was doubtful for a moment or two whether he was not going to wrap it around him and call upon Bomebody to shoot him, in order that he might die with the loved colours clasped to his heart ; but, like a good paterfamilias, he thought of his dii pamtes, and contented himself by expressing his feelings in a quiet 'huiiah,'' which some foolish people might have likened to the roar of the boll of Batman. Joking aside, tiie coloun are really very handsome, and very great credit is one to No. 4 Company, who are determined, and they ***** do it, to make the Tt/w^fh*'ip**-rt' Volunteers second to none in the colony, in appearance and/ efficiency. The colours are six feet by four, and are made of the very richest corded «nllr * Hi** cround work being red, or rather reddish maroon, and bordered by ar broad handsome gold fringe, which adds to the beauty of the design without being se heavy or attractive as to weaken the general effect. There are, of course, tie usual hand some cord and tasods imA cedar pole, the 1*-*^ by-tfae-bye, is not yet complete, requiring the spear head. So. 4 may be well proud of their colours, and if, when they are flaunted in the air, and if while theylistwtothejpandaiidBever Burpassed National Anthem, they should feel a desire just to plunge the point, of their bayonets in the bodies of aome imaginary foe, and say — Ue at the proud Coot of a eoumsrar.' Not even at that of the Heathen Chinee, they may be readily forgiven, because without rnttiTiniTiim little end was ever done or very gnat fM^»wjJ»A*J May- oar number fonts fiVeloog to marcb Senemtti tfaeir cbkmra, mud any our number elevens go and do likewise. TuncBnBi sitfiieCBstDHaS, Hi tn 1 1 1 n ij idcui, tor the wee£ ending Batnrfay last ?mounted to£U41ISa.«d. At the PoUce Court on Monday, before tte PJL,c»ednii-k»dsnatmedS«.orS«, hoois in tbe ceOa. ICdaael CaetdOoe, before the Coart mi neglected child wider the »ge of fiOeen years, was admonished and discharged to the care of hismotlieii Br a faj,ym pubushed in our to-days' issae, «ur reaaera wulbare observed that tiie report of Mr. W. B. Dauey'sdeash wm in- correct This contradiction will be received with pleasure by tiiose who have any know ledge of the honorable gentleman, who b one of the brightest (ten of the Australian bar, and at present holds the portfolio of Attorney General of New South Wales. Hr.Dalleyisa native of the colony in wludi be now fills bo hifh a position, and his oeuuse would have caused a gap in the political and legal arenas which it would have been difficult to fflL ATthePoliceConityesterdayweekbeforefiie F.M., an ««Milt and battery case — hi which Thomas Lutton was the plaintiff and George Hauam the defendant— was settled by the latter being fined la. with 6s. *L costs of Court ; in AM»n\t. of iwnmfAl*** payment four hoars in the lockup. Mr. C. S. D. Melbourne appeared for plaintiff and Mr. Mackay for d*?f**M^g't, Thf- tnrnf parties then came before tbe Court again in a sureties of the peace case. After hearing tiie evidence of Lutttm, the Bench ordered rTi31wni to find sureties to keep the peace toward the com pjLainaut for one *nrmiJh ? \i\rr)ty*tf in £10 anil two Baretiea in £5 eadi or one enrety in £10 ; in default to be imprisoned for lhat period. A second case of snreties of the peace— -J. W. Czagg v. T3i«tlw4-li Oragg — was adjourned ¥intflTimp-1 ny nprt A genebal meeting of the ab^reholders of the Bockhampton Oo-opeEative Butchering Arwonfltinn (limited) was called for eight o'clock on lie SOtb inst. Ready balf-an-baar after the appointed time the meeting was commenced, there bang then about fifteen present. The ^4.aiwna» (Mr. B. Sharpies) commenced the proceedings by reading the advertisement a^Jiirir -the a-mnatiri^ and t^***Ti stated that tbe Board of Directors had not received that amount of support which would They had resolved that if they could get 3000 shares taken up the Company could then be floated successfully. They had, however; received very poor support, and there were only 1038 shares taken up ; out of that number the entrance fee of only between 800 aad 900 had been paid. He would leave the nut In* in tile ?«'«?'«» of ♦?h*? trmtiiJn^ and it would be for those present to deal with it In answer to a question, die Qiairman said there were only about seventy-two shareholders who had paid their entrance fee. Mr. C H«H««i proposed the winding-tip of the corporation, as he aaw no other course to be pursued. He also added to his motion that the balance of money in hand (after the payment of a week's salary to the Secretary) be banded over to the hospital The motion was carded almost unanimously, and tiie corporation is now, therefore, extinct. Ttas: annual meeting of the Gladstone School of Arts was held at the town hall on tite 13th, the president, Mr.G. little, in tiie chair. The annual balance sheet and annual report were presented and adopted. Toe report for tiie year ending Sep. 30, 1876, was as follows :— 'The year's doings of the School of Arts appear to have been quiet and uneventful. The institution has completed the tziird year of its existence. The balance sheet shows £30 to credit, which is a churning condition of tilings for the new officers you wffl presently elect Additions have been made to the library by purchase, and presents of books from Messrs. A. Norton and Dr. Sewel ; and a further addition wffl probably be made as soon as tiie new Committee gets into working order. Hie' reading-room is open daily from 3 a.m. till JO p.m. ; it is supplied with 28 periodicals and the attendance snows this convenience to be well appreciated. The irouesofbooks numbered 1037, being an increase over last year of 279, the issues of periodicals 596, also shows a good increase as compared with l*j*t- year. There is considerable fa^^'g off in *h«» returns from entertainments, and there is room f or additional effort in that direction. Two entertainmentB were given t-y our amateurs, and through the instrumentality of tiie Rev. A. T.aing an excellent lecture on the Sun, illustrated with diagrams, was delivered by the Bev. A. Hay, M.A., of Bockhampton. The number of members is 75, and the sup porters of the Institution may be congratulated on its success.— W. Uiaarss. Sec, Sept. 5. Terms of membership— subscription, per annum, £1 ; per quarter, 5s.; per mmihr 2s. 6d. The new offices were filled in as follows :— President, Mr. W. S. Prizeman; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. E. M'CoUnn and E. B. Silvester; Treasurer, Mr. C. C. Breshn; Committee: Messrs. S. little, H. Friend, sen., H. Friend, jun., J. Hawthorne, A Lung, E. Bedford, and S. Richardson. A vote of thanks to the retiring President and Tee case of Henry Jacobs has been i annually brought before the legislative ! Assembly for several years past, but until this { session no member has ventured to carry the matter further than the mere presentation of a petition. A Bhort time since, however, Mr. Palmer consented to take the case up, and - inquire into its merits by means of a Select j Committee, who on Thursday last presented a [ report stating «hat ' So many years have j i**BpiH»d since the proceeding complained of in the petition took place, that a very great] diffiffllly has arisen in procuring witnesses. - Out of the i'-**'**- named by the petitioner I your committee have been able to secure tiie attendance of three, the most important of whom, Joseph Pattison, whose evidence the petitioner asserted would prove bis claim, directiy contradicts tiie ntatitiHTit of the I^titiimrr in almost any particular, except that he had jumped the dabn. Pattisod's evidence twing m a great measureaconiibDfaSsA by tike sworn iliiiiMilw of 4Be *qE lahe) partners in the chum, Wiffiam Martin (an evidence taken in the Police Court at Boek bampton), yoor -««mHiU»y bave come to Che ancWoa that tbe t-k«— bas failed av ' pore Hie cast— A. fi. Puns, Ohajman.' It may be presumed, therefore, that this is ' tbe laat that wffi be beatd of tbe bans case of Henry Jacobs. Tee foQawingprisODeri arrived from Hackay andBrudsounayesterdayweekbytbe'Earalla: — diza' will imwiJ w»¥wjl aeutenced ti- odb Bockhampton Lunatic Beception House; ' Joe, a Sooth Sea Wander, obscene language, one month's wiinmiiMi: - Jack, an abonginal, illegally on sbe premises and resisting Tfrflj^ tn tiie .? **-? ?»- ment with hard labour ; Thomas Sayes, ' indecent exposure, one month's imprisonment; John i^nzgezald, remanded to iTwlr^n'piplim on a charge of wi£e desertion. yesterday, in one of the wateriioles in tbe Victoria Park. The victim was a boy named Joseph liplaw, aged seven years, who resided in Hope-street, Spring HiTl. with fan parents. The hoy left home in the m~ni™£ to attend the Leichhardt-street school, and at dinner time went to hatiie, witii two.other school «n*-*M^ jjj txtB of the brickmaben* holes,- u£ which tilere are several in the park. Hiscom panums gave the alarm, and tiie body was taken out of the water by Messrs. Allen and CahflL Dr. Thompson, of tiie hospital, examined it »wira«*i|iaftfly after and declared life extinct. It was conveyed tothe residence of tiie boy's parents by senior-constable Kelly, There are no more treacherous *'**''£ resorts in Brisbane than these boles in tbe Victoria Park; of uncertain depth, sEppery sides, and with most tenacious muddy bottoms, they are perfect death-traps. — Courier. Ax the Police Court on Tuesday ™-™ig before the Police Magistrate, John Reynolds, an fraii^t'ipl drnnlmrri was brought np on tiie . *' old charge, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six wnTsTrfJin* impriBoiT1'^'*. He was then. charged with «?»?»'» 'ferny -Jw police in Ifac execution of t^ifir duty to whicli I1** pTrailfifl not gniity. Constables Hardy and Sbendan, however, gave conclusive proof of iiie ?T*-1t Senior-constable Burke havmg read over Hie ' list of convictions «g»™t prisoner, aadxtated that his condnct was viaifint when he was brought to the lockup the previous evening, prisonment with hard |ataraiti*l ^h*- tmmittuft* to ' be concorrenfc with, that inflicted for babitaal Burke, wages; it was found that intiuscsse the Bench had no jozisdictioo, and it was acoordingly struck ooL— Daniel Evans was brought up, on remand, for fr/ny «ft»?alin^ worth, tbe Bench further remanded & prisoner for eight days, and ordered the* delivery of tiie two horseB to prisoner farms defence. Bail was allowed— prisoner in £20 and two sureties in £10 or one surety in £20. Andrew Craig, Traffic Manager of tie Northern Bailway, sued Allwwht Feez, merchant, far a breach of Hm Bailway Begulations by sending * y— 'Vug' '^ liu*tf»f wnvtiAttMi without mazsjng tbe same on the outside. Mr. Feez pleauel guilty, and csi 1U'. ^ffif* inttu tn'mu tiie Bench that he had no desire to press the enarge, the Bench ordered Mr. Feez to pay the euste of Court, 3s. 6d. Henry Palmer, before the Court (from the p^ff^a.1) charged with »tfajnii«ijitjT to commit suicide^ vs^ -m tiie application of the police, i^i'nn*!^ Sirsdlt dayB for further medical treatment. Oub Police «^»ij-fa- was fuGie ensoul on Tuesday to inform us that tiie {dans and specifications of the ADsnstom Primary School, teacher's residenoe, tank, &c;, were lying st fciw effice fur iifTna.— tk*n. The people of AUeDstown faave tO be ty»i*)pliT-ywi»y»aj( ppQsn fJi«» **afnf»f^ uwmxy in which they backed tiie endeavonrs of tiiowf who first came forward for tbe purpose of fnHttYGwrrpa to ?**°t?M**fh a school in *h-»ir midst, whilst they should not be a little thankful for the prompt assistance fnmiahed by those outside, who are always so ready to assist in farthering public undertakings -rf an educational or deemosynary charantftr. Hie drawing away of a wmniw of pupils from. opinion, be followed by extremely beneficial effects. Tfrig school, lit* *h**. of North Bock hampton, is far too crowded; tine pupils cer tainly being more than can be properly attended to, in spite of tahe energy sad. mlnHty of their teachers, who are second to none ia the colony, in ♦?!?** earnestness tiiey display in carrying out the banomable inst reposed m them, and for which it is family to be desired tiiey shtmld be far better naimnerated. There is a great deal of hard tfliTnVing and hard working to be done by our Board of F^nratmn before our State Schools can be pronounced to be in a satisfactory condition, or that the vast sum of money expended upon education yearly in this calonycanbeavereed to produce proportionate results. There is such a t&hig; as over-educating in some diredioDs, and nTtrl»»»--*n^ Timlin r in -others, and ??««?*'* system undoubtedly t*1^ ar-*yj Tin trfi. so far as indiiB trial teaching is concerned, aad by just as - much it ovcr- edncates in a ^wwiti tvw directann. fiat these are questions requiring more thma pftarinjr nnfa-»a aim, they will, if m- wwitafcp nai^ beforced npon tiie attention of the Government by carcnmBtoncwi ratiterthan by individuals. One thing we may refer to aad with, posmble bewifit — the cmloren complam of sbe rntwiwc beat of the schoolrooms, ana it mnst be some thing terrible tins weather; so much so that the health, if not lives, of scholar and teacberis endangered. Would a Mt be wise to relax indncing weather has passed away* Health stands before edneatian; without the fanner tiie latter does not leave its mart, sav The following gentlemen have been appointed members of the committees ol the ff^intJg mentioned in connection with their names :— William O. I™—'. John Gay, William Eari, James Rattray, and John Lynch, lor the State school at Stanweu ; Henry Field, for tie State school at Bowen : John Carrie, for the State school at Goondiwindi ; and John L Bale, H. Wheeler, J. G. Vidgen, Eobert Thorrold, and G. Fischer, for the State school at Bowen Bridge-road. Ox Wednesday John Byron Smith, master of tie ketch Dolly Walmsley. trading to Brisbane Water, was treated at the Sydney Infirmary for very sprirmR injury to the right hand, cansed by an explosion of dynamite. On Tuesday afternoon last he was engaged on some land which he owned at Brisbane Water, which he was endeavouring to dear from ?hi^jw To egect his purpose all tibe more readuy he made nse of the powerful explosive known as dynamite, a charge of which ex ploded and blew off the tbnmb of tie right Land and three otter fingers of that hand from tie middle joint upwards. The hemorrhage from tile bleeding hand was excessive. — S. M. ScraU. Tme Braidwood correspondent of a contem porary says : — The proverb of ' blood is tfrirfn^- dun water' was never more strongly exemplified than by the following fact Two brottters. bad never seen, each other ; one was above 50 years and Ute younger somewhat more than 40. The eldest bad never left TWIami until lately, when he came* to this colony to see his brother abeut a £10,000 inheritance which someone else is claim ing. By corresponding through the postofiioe both brothers agreed to meet on a. certain day at Gonlbum ; but our townsman, to be sure of being at tie rendezvous in proper time, was at the appointed place 48 hours beforehand. Whilst strolling about the city, he passed a stranger in the street; both parties stop, stare at each other, and instantly call each other 'brother.' They were not mistaken, although never having met before in .this life and no photographs were ever Twanged. — Zhou; &em.; A GESVJ'3U3r who has been some time in Torres Straits, and is intimately acquainted witii tile present condition of tiie fishers, writes to as {Oxa-ier) tiiat to make Thursday Island a port of entzy, as proposed by- our Government, would kill Ike pearl fisheries at once. Shell has fafienta £100 per ton (it was r^j4nng £240 last year), and, in consequence, most of the «'h**n«^« are working at a loss. If no improvement take place, tie Straits wul be deserted. Upwards of sixty vessels have pissed through the Straits this year, exclusive of steamers. In reference to Signoi ;D'AIbertis' ?^paJHjrtn he says : — 'The natives of tie party complain of being half starved, and say a they had not robbed tie plantations wholesale they wools', have been wholly sewed. I know he took scarcely any supplies wBh him. Future explorers wnl be looked upon as marauders, and there is little chance of Trf-Mfetihij, friendly intercourse if these tactics prevail.' Thv. extreme prevalence of diphtheria in parts of ^ev York city, within tie range of fie odours from the kerosene oil factories on Long Island, with otier evidence of the same tart m Connectieat (writes the Spriagfield JEgi«MiM») his led to i theory that kerosene is the cause, or a cause, of the disease. Dr. Wilson, a well known physician of Mpridpm, adopted tie theory from facts under his own observation long before anytiing was said about the t*r+jwiea He goes so far as to say fiat lie B''T»fo lighting or »*» 'iii^fTg^iing of fie blaze in tile lamps of a house wiO produce a visible effect on tie patient, and he always orders that the nse of this oil be discontinued where he finds it in a family having a diph theria patient The disease, as is well known, fe a comparatively new one, aad it is said not to have appeared tin after the discovery of peonlemn. The evidence in snpport of this theory, however, is not yet by any means CTffij-iim* to fntaHiffh it, but the importance of tie question certainly ought to stir the doctors np to *' j|f 'tiiillVli 'Ml *^'T***'F** myh^ ^ii**naHv& enoogb to uettie it By the LteweByn, steamer, we (Evewimg VaS) have Sew Zealand files to the 4th SifffTw.fr from -winch we make tiie following ^iij-mfp z — A 4x41'°'' occurred, oo the Anct Iand and Hoca Baalway, at 3 o'clock P-m_, on tiie 27th ultimo, at a. point mid-way between Toakaa and. Pokeno, between a faaDast tcain going to Mercer and tiie engine flora M*Ivot, which was out on a trial trip after repair- The train and engine did not come in *°£^* of one another ^n they were -within a quarter of a mile distant ; and thoagh every efibrt was made to arrest both -^Mftitpff| they **n irtfcfi one snotties at tfi^ rate oE ax. or seven miles an hoar, about 30 rfiajTHtt from tiie ff^^p at which, ?tf»*» fanmno was to have been shunted. The effect of tiie collxaan was to drive bath, engines off tiie nils, and to damage tiie framework of bofli consdeeaUy. By great good lack none of the «ffi*«T*ia were lr»Tlp*i, and even the injuries do not exceed some nasty cmttnaans. Driver Elliott stock to bis *^tgTfW*j bat Fed and nearly all those who were on tiie trains jumped off when they saw *F ****?? it was impossible to avert tiie coilison.— The Snnonsen opera troupe On Hip 2Stil 'Tfainn ? TTw. iraa lajWJ-pjnfJtrffg operations at New Plymonth bad ajparentiy resulted successfully. ? five tr?^**'1'**' in **??« ?gfa'iiiiiiji liavE recently been convicted And fin*^ for wpHtiw ad^iit^ntfMJ mnstard. Professu* Bickerton showed tf-**- tiie **mns tard ' be had analysed contained do mustard, and was a ami^wmud of starch, floor, cayenne jft»Hp.a|» and lJ'i*fJTM* : tfriff last powdered Indian root being aaed for tiie purpose of giving a yellow colour to tiie counterfeit condiment— Mr. Wakefidd, proprietor of tiie Twurru Btrtdd. mOoffsed to tiie Assembly, at the bar of tiie House, foraspenions on tiie *^tjff-y^igT' ct two oE *fat twpmlii^irg. Sir Qwcgs Grey and Mr. Joyce ; lie attack for whiS, the apology was made was most insulting and The Odey eorre^ondent of fie Camrnr writes :— The dealt, by arriflfntal drowning, of Mr. Dngald MIKarmid, a son of one of our oldest settlers, has caused a painful sensation here. Mr. MTJiarmid, who left this neighbourhood some ten years since, having made himself a comfortable home at Wardcll, Richmond River, K.S.W., came back only a few days ago to pay his father a visit. Returning to his own place after a week's stay, he appears to have been drowned in crossing one of tile rivers on his road. Sympathy with the relatives is widespread and general. We tCmuitr) learn that Mr. William Johnston, second son of Mr. James Johnston, member for Bolhnba, recently met with a severe accident at their sugar-mil], at Dough boy Creet It appears that he was crossing the darifier on a plank that had become j slippery, carrying a bucket of skimmings, when he fell into the boiling liqnor below. He seems to have retained snffinVnt. consciousness to grasp at something and raise TwwcJf imme diately, or the consequences might have been fataL As it was, he was seriously scalded about the feet and part of tie body ; but we are glad to learn that, although he has suffered greatly, he is not? out of danger. It is with great regret; however, we learn tint this acci dent, together with a recent family bereave tnen and other misfortunes, had such an effect upon Mr. Johnston, that it induced an attack of paralysis, from which he is now snfiering, lad which has necessitated his absence from fie House for some time past. The Uympie correspondent «f the Jtery iormgh Chromu&e; writes :— We have been favoured by the presence of a couple of 'shoddy merchants' during the past week. For tie information of your townspeople, I may give yon their modi opcrmii. They arrive at people's houses in a boggy, travelling in pairs ; one remains in tiie tap while the other tries to make sales. They first of all show samples of calicoes and otiersuch useful articles, asking about 10 per cent of then real value. Of course, if they ask 3d. for an article worth really ashOiing, the bait takes, and carpets worti as. per yard offered at Is. 6d. are said to be ' arriving by the drays, expected in a day or two.' They now pro duce tie real object of -tieir visn\ and this they carry with them in tbe bulk ; cloth, having a splendid gloss and finish, looking beautiful to the naked eye, bat, alas ! being nothing but old rags and other rubbish, teazed up, and tien manufactured hits a yam, known in the trade as 'Devil's doth, or Shoddy.' After having got rid of as ranch of tie rubbish as a short space of time will permit, they decamp without having tie gliiiliijuj. mteo^on of wanig thexr dnpes again, law. Fboh a H»T1«Tit paper we leam that a well known female professor of tie science of electro-biology, who gave a series of public ramca in Brisbane, has recently figured in somewhat a remarkable fashion in tie Police Court in the former town. It appears tiat Madame Sibloy had a little difference of opinion with tie collector for one of the BaHarai papers on the subject ot as. account for advertising, anda resorted to the, as it appears to us, uncalled-for course of rtiiwnpwig the young man's head against the waO. We cannot arrive at any satisfactory comprehen sion of tits reasons which actuated the Wise Woman in adopting this mode of adjusting matters. We have been struck, not to say impressed, with tie wonderful occult powers exercised by tiis enchantress over everyone who came under the range of her mystic gate. We have Been a nnmber of person succumb to her prodi^ous iwflnoiw^ and submit to her lightest command, swear black was white, and generally see every thing -with her eyes at her wOL Conse quently it occurs to us that it was something of a 1*^' to take bo — ?wmim. place a line as to knock a young man's head against a wall by sheer superiority of -'i*—!**- force. We should have anticipated that Madame would have met tiie IitiJedimcutiy in another fashion. Why could she not em ploy the nsourees of her art ? An she had to do was to fix the young man wiJihereye, mate a few 'passes,' and bring him to a au dition of perfect subjection, daring the con tinuance of which he would of course have signed a receipt hi full for that *r*nnn+^ no matter what might have been his views on the question while in a normal frame of nund. Even had tie fair one's wrath »tfa;~J a pitch which made the bumping of tiie yoimg man's head necessary for the solace of her&eungs;, all that would have been necessary would have been to direct him to go and bump it l,;TiHM4ft and as a matter of course he would have proceeded to batter that vail with his ocopnt until one or tile other crumbled under tie collision. It seems to us that there was a strange oversight some where. But the matter »«'mmpn even a more remarkable appearance when we learn tint Madame submitted to be lectured by a Police Magistrate, and actually fined for the assault.' How came it that she cast no spell upon the Court, tie prosecutor, the witnesses, and tiie constableB, and failed to influence tiem to tie extent of dismisaiug tile charge, and voting her a testimonial from tiie poor box, or reprimanded her awareer, and inform ing her that she left the Court without a stain upon her character? We shall always here after entertain a high idea of Madame's strong self-restraint and respect for tiie institutions of British law. Had we, in her chxamstances, possessed her marreubus powers, we should nave had that JPolice Magistrate dancing fan dangoes with the attorney for tte plaintiff; to music furnished by all the constables present upon «'?¥! tooth. «^*whi1 while tiie oompuan ant stood on his head and recanted. Wenre snme tiie Cact that fie case was allowed to proceed in the ordinary manner was simply dne to one of the inexpucaUe ecoentncatKS 01 genius.— 'Specialities'' m OfnaftiajaVr. Ok tie Kortiiem BauVay during tie week ending October 7, the traffic eamingB were:— Passenger fares, £243 lls. 3d.; goods and live stock, £445 4s. lid.; parcels and miscel laneous, £49 10s. 2i; total, £i3S 6s. 4d. Hiis, as compared with the corresponding week of last year, shows an increase of £433 5s. SA, while the total earnings during 1S76, np to date, amounting to £IS,S65 IDs. Td., show an increase of £8229 lla. Sd. on the earnings of tie ***** ' i iipiTn'^'-c portion of 1S7& — Courier. The schooner Freddy left the Maryborough Saw Mills for Trinity Bay on Monday. Her cargo consisted of sl number of wooden houses, from tie modest two-roomed 'humpy ' to tiie palatial 'general store.' The timber was cnt the requited lengtiis, morticed, tf*nonfd, and fitted in tie yards before being chipped. By tiis means the caniage of a latge quantity of surplus cargo was avoided, and an eoarmoos saving in labonr to the purchaser. This is, we believe, tiie first shipment of the kind whuii has been made in Queensland. — Jfargr- boromffk Chrouiele. Ok Thoraday morning last, a little girl, named Amy TrnsseU, about four years cU, had a narrow escape from death by poisoning. It appeals tiiat tiie diU, in company with two other littie girls, was gathetmg mush rooms in tie back yard of a hoose a tew doors from ber own residence, and they bad all eaten some of them. A few uiui.ii.Vta afta; the attention of some o£ the neighbours was attracted by tiie eaesming of tiie chOdreo, and the little giri Tmssett, who appeared to be suffering most, was iwiwwwKatply earned home. Dr. HaTrickswas then snuimonnd, and arrival promptly, when emetics were ad ministered, and about two hours afterwards the child was oat of danger. The other children, who appeared more scared than any thing else, were also treated to an emetic just to mike snr& Parents should embrace this opportunity of 'improving the occasion' by warning their children against eating mush rooms wi&out; being previously amured, by those competent to judge of tieir qualities, whether they are poisonous or not — Wide On/Nan. is tbe Assembly, last Tuesday, a question from Mr. Macdonald elicited from tie Premier some information as to the rdative iui|Kirtjnce of the mail lines to Tjtfnbo. The number of letters passing monthly between the Springtime ant1 Tambo post offibes is mifiir^nimiiipti at 2700, and of newspapers 1600; and between Chadevflle and Tambo post offices tiie nmnbets are — I-*****—. 1000 ; newspapess, 500l Inhere are at present bi-weeUy bm- Kjmails on these Does, and with a view of establishing coach services in the*x strati, tendere .were recently invited for weekly mail coaches; but we bdievethat tie lowest tender in each case is far too high, and that consequently neither will be accepted- The Chaderik-Tambo line is considerably the shorter, and although its mails are less bulky, tiie line is a very useful one to residents on the Mitchell, as at times, whim a steamer is not leavine Brisbane for Bockhamptan for two or three days, mails can be forwarded hence to Tambo with greater despatdi via Charievnle than by tiie other route ; and letters or papers will be so for warded if specially marked to tiat effect. It does not appear, however, to be a question with tiie Postmaster-General as to which of these lines shall be improved in preference to tie other, by tie substitution of a coach ser vice, and for tie reasons above stated it is probable that existing arrangements win not for tiie present be disturbed.— Covier. As the nbbit question is just now (says lie Courier) exciting some controversy in this colony, tie following extract from tie iif^HHt for 1875 oE the inspector of sheep in Tasmania win be read with interest :— In 1874, nbbit skins to the number of 474,468, valued at £3735, were erpot ted, principally from Hbbart Town. In 1S75, 433,404, skins were exported valued at £3853. Bat in addition to this, a large nra*'1 of tabbits, amounting to many thousands, were exported from Lanncesbm to Victoria for the purpose of being preserved there for dqiment or home consumption. I again regret to e»y that, from my own observa tion while tcave&ing; through the country, X cannot state that any diminution of this plague has taken place generally. On the contrary, lam disposed to bdiwe that, atthoufiji tieir nsaobas bave been gteatiydimhridied m some parts of the Oatiands and other v»n»— I dis tricts, and also about Hntton Park and tiie Black Marsh, where a few years ago they were so numerous, yet; taking tiie country throughout, there are* at tile present momfwt more rabbits in Tarnm1*'1* than at any Conner period. They are now to be seen in nnmhnm where a few years ago hardly a rabbit was to be seen in a day's walk I again reiterate, what I stated last year, tint it is no exaggeration to *ay *^»-»*' at this tim£ rabbits are consuming tiie food of 250,000 sheep ; which represents tiie aonnal loss of £62,500, without taking into »uw'** the moneff expended in merely keeping ^t down and mitigating the plague to a small extant. Setdets generally whose runs are free, or neady so, from rabbits, are indifferent on tiie subject ; and object to an assessment for the purpose of destroying tiiem on their neighbours' runs, and laugh at the idea of than being invaded. I believe they are labouring under a fatal delusion. The rabbit is surSy and rapidly advancmg; and I feel assured tiat before long, nnless more energetic measures ace adapeoto chfick their advances they- vill ovexrun the whole island. II settieis would only combine and act simultaneously for one yeaz; I bdieve they might so root out the rabbit that a very small annual outlay afterwards would be sufficient to keep than down so far that no very serious loss woold arise from their presence. But I fear there is litUe likelihood of settlers camhinmg ioraiiy sod jmrpose nntil tiie evil has become more gene-ally extended through out the country, and its destructive results more generally brought home to tiem in tiie form of impoverihed stack, ramed crops, «n3, in eonaeyMPCe thereof, a smaller balance at produce a balance on the wrong sUe of the . edger. Some of my country frieoAs may proTjablylaughat-thiB as a fancy picture. I peatiy tear, however, ttraee who laugh now will look grave enoigh ten yean hence, when their own experience ins tangfat them «hat -A is do fancy picture but sober taflB We {Comiier) understand his Exceuanty Governor Cairns has appointed, as Us acting private secretary, tie Him. C. H. A'Courf, : ?is late aide-de-camp. A strame disease amongst catUe is «te veloping in parts of the Dubbo district. One correspondent tells tie Dixpotdt -nat Vak cattle break out witii sores, and are etmtmaauy rubbing themselves till the skin is broken and the blood comes. It is impossible to keep them on a camp. They rush wildly abort, plunging, j where the vernier is near, into tie bales or f river. Another letter says—' A snail Hack .\ fly infests the herbage and drives the cattie ' ' frantic The horses break out all over tie nostrils and about the feet' A vest funny story is being told of tiie second son of the Prince of Wales, Pnaoe George Frederic. He is a merry scamp, food of tecks, and no more awed by the majesty of his Sovereign than most lads are by their gtandmother. He was even leas '—?.pniMf* to discipline a few years ago than be is new, and on one occasion when staying with the Qaeea at the Castle played a pretty prank. She had a solemn dinner, at which a Grand Duke, Mr. Gladstone, and Dean Stanley assisted. At rjessert tiie children were sent for. When they came in George was riotous. Gaud mamma reproved him. He went on heedlessly. last die youngster became very obstreperous, and he had to be Bent under the table, from whence he was not to emerge until be had confessed his sin and promised amn^rlmf-t He was very quite, to everybody's surprise, but when challenged, assured his imperturbable grandmamma liiat he was not yet gmite euod, butwouldbe soon. At last he was satisfied . with his own condition, and- emerged as ?irirf? as «&e;» he wot JtorfL. Hie thought that he would not be better than his first parents, and returned therefore to astate of Paradisaical innocettce. — Qaeeatlamd fiatriol. Mb. Scott, tie member for Mnlgtave (says tiie Courier! has given indications of wavering in his attitude of general opposition to tiie Ministry of late, and it may be presumed that tie occasion has been judged propitious for bringing pressure to bear upon Iran witii some prospect of his being thrust altogether into the open arms of tiie Ministerial following. Moved by tie usual machinery, the inhabi tants of Mount Perry have been assembled in public meeting, and on the 12th instant their assent was obtained to resolutions (hat tiie people of Mount Perry are satisfied with tile Government railway policy, and regret tiiat their member has not given the Ministry more general support ; and secondly, tiat ***'?? . Seott be requested to give the Government on- ' divided snpport if tLey adhere to their railway policy, moulding tie Mount Perry railway. [t will be perceived that tie meeting was not worked up to the pitch of V''-'— hi fervour which might have been desired by the wire workers. The people of Mount Perry qnalif y the expression, of their -wishes with a very rigirifJAjnt 'if' which mnst hare a jarring effect tiie ear of tie expectant jdovss of Use fJemonstxatioEL The resolutions, indeed!, appear somewhat supererogatory, as no one can doubt that Mr. Scott wopld support the Government railway policy 'if' it included the Mount Perry scheme, and already be has varied his opposition by separating himself from his party to vote in favour of tfe Railway Reserves BiTL Altogether, this late* effort of telegraphic genins has been somewhat wasted. adds but little to tie tadea laurels won at pensato lor tiie catastrophe at Charters Towers. Intekse excitement prevailed amongst the aboriginal part of tie *«» ? wiij ^| \Vcdnes day morning, who congregated about the wharves in large numners. It was evident that something unusual was about to happen. On tiie B-s. Queensland ooming ?*'ngffH»- the nrjistery was solved. ftiiiiBiiintthr iiammi£i mi tiie following Maryborough nabves were landed : — ?'Willie andltosie Spider, Charles and. Tiroj* Thompson, Possy Cat, Harry aionnt Willie Anderson, and Dan O'ConndL These natives had been engaged twelve montin) back at the Maryborough sbipping office by Mr. WKmlay, for work at his pearl fishing station at Prince of Wales Island, near Somerset. They were engaged at £1 per month, with* tobacco, rations, and dothes. Their term of service having expired they were sent back, tile shippmg master here having received instructions to pay them the balance of tieir wages. As each boy landed from tie vessel be was received witii laughter and shouts of welcome by his countrywomen andl men. An infant which a gin; who was '^'fliiir on the wharf, had in her arms, was taken from her and carried and displayed to the admninB new arrivals by a sable genflenwn, who, -we presume, was tiie littie one's father. In fast, as a white fellow-passenger lately arrived from the far North whispered us in an ^fa^iATa tone of voice, 'they acted just like human beings*' But an awful silence fell on tbe assemblage as ' Dr. Carr ' related how 'Jack Holman had died from fever and ague, and lay buried in tiie far North. The returning boys do not give a very pleasing aunuunt of Prince of Wales IsW. The nations were too regularly served out, tiie sate beef they ?KJiha, and tiie confinement far so long a period to one island me irksome, lliey say that some Sandy Cape men are working up there, but as these were not engage through any Government offiner, it u donbtml whether they -will .star come hack. The CiTITwjIIIIIWiIi HWafllll IBfHWrr' lldj i tjpjunflWftT ? A JUargioramgiCiromcU. sj 