How Our Letters and Newspapers go Astray. Whenever a newspaper or letter goes astray the sender is furious in his denun ciations of the post office authorities. It is probable, however, judging from the twenty second report of the Postmaster General in London, that, in most instan ces at least, the sender and not the post office authorities are the delinquents. From the report Li question it appears that — ? ' Upwards of 25,500 letters were pos ted without any address ; of which num ber 464' contained in the aggregate nearly £500 in cash and bank notes, and nearly £6,000 in cheques, -&c.; ' Nearly 65,000 postage stamps were found loose in the different post offices. ' Miscellaneous articles numbering 13,648 reached the Returned Letter Office whqlly destitute of covers. In a large number of these cases the covers were of too flimsy a nature to resist the attrition to which packets are nn avoidedly subjected in the mail bags. ' The Post office while fulfilling its first duty to the public by affording means for the rapid transmission of correspon dence, is also made the vehicle of con veyance for 6mall articles of almost end less variety : of these the following were observed passing through the post dur ing the year, viz., silkworms and gentles; flowers, fruit, and vegetables ; various | kinds of game ; wearing apparel ; models j of metal fittings and toys ; leeches, snails, a crayfish, and a dog. Several of of these being prohibited articles were sent to the Returned Letter Office. | ' The dog was posted at the Lombard street Office, and having fallen into tbe bag affixed to the letter box, was not dis covered until tbe contents were tnrned out at St. Martin's le-Grand. j ' The failure for letters to reach the 1 persons for whom they are intended is not always attributable to the Post Office. ' An unregistered letter was recently received at Liverpool in a very thin cover bearing an almost illegible address, and was delivered to a firm to whom it was supposed to be directed. On being opened, the letter and its enclosure, five .£100 notes, were found to be intended for another firm, to whom they were eventually delivered. ' The following is a copy of the a-ldress of a letter which also reached Liverpool, the names of persons and places being here omitted :- — ' His letter is for Mrs. M — ? ? - She lives in some part of Liverpool. From her father John ? a tailor from ? ? ? ; he would be thankful to some Postmaster in Liver pool if he would find her out.' The ad dresses, unfortunately, could not be found, and the letter was sent to the Returned Letter Office. ' It happens not unfrequently that complaints are made of the failure both of letters aud telegrams, which, after en quiry has taken place, are found in the waste-paper baskets or pockets of the ad dressees. ' Superstition rarely stands in the way 'f the extension of postal accommodation or cpnvenience ; but a case of the kind recently occurred in the west of Ireland. Application was made for the erection of a wall letter-box, and authority has been granted for setting it np ; but when ar rangements came to be made for the pro viding for the collection of letters, no one could be found to undertake the duty, in consequence of a general belief among , the poorer people in the neighbourhood that, at that particular spot, * a ghost went out nightly on parade.' The ghost was seated to be a large white turkey without a head.' \-- ? - ' ? ? 