THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OE, The Expebiences of as Edinburgh Detective. — No, V. [Published by Special Arrangement with the Author.] McSWEENY AMONG BODY SNATCHERS. I have tried from the first to din into my readers' ears that nothing is too trifling for a detective's notice. Nay, I have even tended to the extreme view that the trifles are often the most important and note worthy; and I give the following case to show how a chance remark, overheard without suspicion, and meaningless iu itself, may afterwards rise to significance and im portance. cipal coach-hirer in Edinburgh, one bitter cold day in January, when afiuedashiug young fellow, a student, came running down the steps, and joined a companion directly in front of me. Though they had that free, devil-may-care carriage which it seems the peculiar vanity of the medical students here to affect, they were evidently gentlemen, and I had not the slightest inten tion of listening to their talk had not chance pressed it upon me — or rather me upon them. The pavement was, as usual, crowded to an uncomfortable degree with coach passengers and loiterers — the whole is au unmitigated nuisanc^ iu the finest street iu the world — and just as the two students prot together I was suddenly jostled and jammed up behind them, and thus could not avoid hearing every word. « It's all right,* said the first. ' The machine will be ready for us to-morrow night at eleven. The funeral is to be soine * time in the middle of the day, so we will be in good time.' ' How far is it ?' asked the other, with interest. 'Two or three miles. I have walked out easily in an hour, so we will go in less with theinachiue.'' ' That'll be about twelve ?' said the other, with a mock ruefulness in his face. e 'Yes; 'when churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead,' ' laughingly re joined the other ; and then another lurch in the crowd separated us. There was nothing in this brief fragment to me. I heard it perforce, but it neither interested nor roused me ; and iu another moment I was again absorbed in the work I had in hand, strolling about among the maddened crowd, and patiently re ceiving all their ' dunts,' in the faint hope of laying hands on a stray pickpocket or two. The next day, shortly after 10 o'clock, McSweeny was standing in the High-street, down at the corner of the Tron, diligently whistling the ' Colleen Rhua ' — in Gaelic, ?I suppose — when a little old woman, with considerable anxiety and concern on her face, tapped him on the arm. 'Can you tell me, honest man, which is the road to the Police Office ? ' ' Faith ! I cau,' responded McSweeny, with alacrity, his heart warming to the brogue in a moment ; ' Just look up the street — there — that's it; but there's some I know that think they're not far from it when I'm at their elbow. You seem troubled/' ' I am troubled ; but p Yaps they'll only laugh at me after all, though I've walked three blessed miles this niornin' over them roads widout any breakfast, an' my poor girl, bless her sweet face, is to be buried this very day,' and the poor woman was crying ' now, bitterly enough. 'No, they won't,' said McSweeny, ?? stoutly ; *'* see, I'll go up along wid ye. I can't offer you my arm, ma'am, for it might ? do ye more harm than good, 'cause women I who take it are generally not able to walk alone. You must have heard of me, now ? Fni McSweeny the great detective,' aud he paused to note the effect of the astound ing announcement. j *' Faith, I never did,' was the simple j replv- ' But there's another man I was told ? to ax for — pYaps you'll know him! he's very sharp at findiu* out things.' ' Ah, thatfeme,' said McSweeny, with a self- congratulatory twinkle; I'm considered sharp at findin' out things. There's another man sometimes works in company with me — he's uot bad, either — not bad in his way, ye know ; but for a straight job ? ' 'Ah, what's the other man's name?' eagerly interrupted the old woman. ' Jimmy McGovan.' 'That's it! that's the man!' cried the woman, rapturously clasping her hands. /'Would you take me to where I could spake a word with Jmn ? Sure, I heard of a kindness that he once 'did, an1 it went to my heart, an' I uover. forgot it aince. It's him that'll help me now, an' not laugh at me either.' 'True for you,' said McSweeny, putting the best face on the matter, and trying to look cheerful; 'lie has got a soft spot about him, an' nobody knows that better . than myself. We're chums, ye know ; an' some folks likes the wan of us, an' some likes the other. Faix, on the whole, I believe he bates me; for he's got a nice soft, wheedlin' way wid him that 'ud mul taver a bird off a tree — it would. But here's the room, an' here's the man himself, just going out ; so you're not a minute too soon.' I was just going out, as he said; but I turned back, and soon settled myself to listen to the -woman's story : — ? ' Mv name is Tierney, and I've come in from tlie village of Maitland all the way,' she began, mentioning the place to which I have ^iven the above fictitious name, 'and I want to see if you can help me about my little girl that's to be buried to day. My goodman he laughed at me when I said I felt uneasy in my mind, aud said that such things were never done nowa days ; and the neighbors they laughed at me, so I could do nothing to get the weight off my mind, but come trampiu' in here to see you.' I thought this rather a roundabout way of getting at her business, and, I suppose, showed my impatience, for she hastened to add — 'Whist a minute now, an' I'll tell ye it all. My poor girl, that was only ten last Christmas, died on Friday. She'd been long ill, poor weenock, with spine disease ; an' while there was any strength in her, I used to bring her in here to the Dispensary. But she got past that at last ; and then the young gentlemen got so interested in her case, which they never saw the like of before, that they used to come out all that way — three miles, if it's a foot — to see her and attend her just the same. One of them, a hearty, kind-spoken young gentle man, was very kind to her, and brought her out jellies and tilings made by Ms own lady mother herself. Well, the last time he was out was on Saturday ; but then the poor girl was lying dead and cold. He was very kind aud sympathising; but, oh, wirra, wirra ! did I ever expect to hear such words from his lips ? Would you believe it, sir ? The very man who had been kindest to her, and always shown her the most attention, wanted to — to — oh, I can't get it out ! ' *' To dissect the body ? ' I put in, as gently as possible. ' To cut it, sir — to spoil my wee sweet angel, that was more fit for heaven than earth!' cried the mother, in horrified accents, ' and all that they might find out what caused her trouble. What matter what caused it, when it had taken her away the tears came freely. 'Well, what did you say to him?' I asked, beginning to feel for the woman's simple grief, and half inclined to sympa thise with her horror of the dissecting knife. ' I couldn't speak at first, for he used a power of long words that I didn't under stand, and I didn't believe he could find it in his heart to do such a thing. But when I saw he was in earnest I blazed up and frightened him a bit, I can tell you. I never thought I had so many words at my tongue's end.' ' Well, and did that end the matter ?' 'No, he got earnest about it too; he pleaded, and preached, and prayed, and offered me untold gold — he said they'd make up ten or fifteen pounds among them, or more if I wanted it — if I'd only let them examine it, which meant to cut it up, and mangle it with their k«ives and saws.' 'And you did not consent?' 'Consent?' echoed the mother, with kindling warmth ; ' though they'd heaped a mountain of gold up before me they'd never get leave to touch a hair of my wee shamrock's head. No, though he had been so good to her, the passion so got the better of me for the moment that I was well nigh turning him out of the house. I had given him an invitation to the funeral before that ; but I hope now that he will not come.' 'Why so ?' I did not ask this indiffe rently ; for there was a peculiarity about the woman's tone that told me more was coming. ' Because — oh, sir, this is what troubles me — ever since I parted from him at my cottage door I've been haunted with a pre sentiment that he might come after she was buried and steal her body out of the churchyard,' and the poor mother looked anxiously in my face, evidently expecting me me to laugh at the idea like the rest. JBut there was no laughing in my head. I was quite as serious as herself ; though by no means so certain or positive about the fact. ' Such cases are rave indeed now-a-days,' I said in reply; 'but they are not alto gether unknown, and the anxiety of the students might really prompt them to the outrage you fear. I don't know that the thing is likely, but it is possible. Now, this beinsr admitted, can 3rou see what you would like to do?' ' I don't know,' was the helpless answer, given in a fluster of agitation that was pitiable to see. ' But could you not watch the grave some way ? they used to do that long ago, I believe, when body-snatching was a trade.' I demurred a little. ''We could do that, certainly,' I said, ' and we will do it, if we find any necessity for such a proceeding. But, considering the inclemency of the weather and the dis tance of the place — I suppose she will ba buried near you ?' 'About half a mile from the village. There is East and West Maitland, and the same churchyard does for both. It's a little place, quite unprotected and lonely, an' that's why I'm so feared.' ' Well, then, as I was saving, consider ing all things, I think, in the first place, it would be much easier to watch the movements of the suspected parties them selves. Could you point them out to me, think you, on the street ?' ' Yes, among a thousand.' u Very well, I will give, you the chance — perhaps in a few minutes. Meantime, there is one thing more I would like. I know the little churchyard that you men tion well ; but cau you give me any idea as to what part of it is to be used for your girl's resting-place ?' Again the helpless look spread over her anxious face; I have seen the same look hundreds of times on the faces of the ignorant and unlettered in similar circum stances. They were perhaps bursting with eagerness to do 05 say something — the will, and perhaps the latent power was there — but they were sternly held back by iron trammels. ' I could show it you ' she said at last, with tears in her eyes, 'if I was there now.' ' Very well, look here,' I said, placing a sheet of white paper on the desk before her, and beginning to pencil a rough draught of the locality ; ' here is a round thing that will stand for West Maitland — -'here is another that will stand for the East. This double line will be the road between, and this large square will be the burying-ground. Now, can you show me the spot ?' She brightened at once into such a smile of relief and joy ! ' There,' she said, placing her finger at once on the south-east corner ; a there's the spot — in the very corner.' I placed a cross at the corner indicated, pocketed the draught, and took up my hat to go, 'Now, Mrs. Tierney,' I said, 'if you will accompany me as far as the front of the College, perhaps we may be able to spot out these young gentlemen who are such ardent devotees to science.' With a burst of thanks, which lasted, I am bound to say, from the Police Office to far past the Tron, she obeyed, and we were very soon snugly planted iu a confectioner's shop opposite the College, whence we could see every one passing in and out of the great gate. By-and-bye the medical students began to file in, and suddenly my arm was excitedly grasped by my companion, whose distended eyes were chained to an easy and nonchalant pair who were sauntering up to the gate a.im-in-arm, puffing airily at cigars. ' There, that's them — the two ! ' she ex citedly whispered ; ' and that one with the curly hair is Mr. Burnet, that was so kind to her before she was taken.' Hooked across at the two gents, and then came in my mind a quick succession of flashes of thought or recollection. The first look at the face of the one she had named gave me the first flash. ' I have seen that man before — lately — yesterdav!' aud then I remembered the studentsin front of the coach-office. But by-and-bye I remembered more. I remembered their singular words — the strangeh our fixed for the machine to be ready, and some words about ' churchyards yawning and graves giving up their dead.' I must have looked stupid — vacaut — for- getful — while these thoughts were rushing past me, for at last my companion tugged me again by the arm. ' Look at them, sir, while they're in sight — there, passing in at the gate,' she died, evidently thinking I was either dreaming or asleep and required waking. ' It's all right,' I hastened to assure her ; ' I have seen them now — and before.' I said no more — at least, that could have been intelligible to her — for I was busy thinking, and presently we shook hands and parted — she to trudge home happy and contented, with the most unbounded faith in my power to protect her dead child, aud I to set a safe man — McSweeny himself — on to watch the movements of the three students. Some of these movements were intelli gible enough to us in the light of our infor mation ; but one of them puzzled us not a little, and not only caused us some amuse ment when we at last hit the clue, but called forth our unqualified admiration for the precocity of the prompting minds. Thus, when they went to au ironmonger's and bought two sericeable pickaxes, and the like number of spades — I had the plea sure of handling the tools in the shop before they were sent home — I say, when they bought these we vinderstood perfectly for what use they were intended. But when they went to a haberdasher's, and, with much laughter and comical 'trying on ' and fittting. got suited each with a lady's long chemise, and then got fitted with huge ' mutches,' which could be drawn on over their f ur caps and all, then we were pulled up. What could they want with women's ' shifts ' reaching to their heels, and caps to match ? And why should they pull them on over all their clothes, and then strut about the back shop in the queer guise, dancing and yelling with laughter at each other's comical appearance ? The solution came to me through one of McSweeny's odd similes. While relating their proceedings, he happened to say some thing about 'as white as a ghost or the blessed snow on them housetops;' and then I started and smiled. The ground out in the country, they calculated, would be tvhite ; therefore, any dark object — the form of a man, for instance — moving over it could be easily noticed, even from a distance, while the same object covered xoitk white would be at a short distance invisible. Another object they might have in view — if any straggler did happen to come near while they were at work, he would probably take them for something supernatural and re treat in double-quick time. ' I have got it now !' I cried, when I had thought what I have now written. ' And what is more we must borrow the e wrinkle' from them. If we are to watch them un seen, we must have ' shifts' and l mutches' too.' ' Blood alive, but you're right,' cried McSweeny, with uproarious delight catch ing up the idea. 'Mebbe they'll find more ghosts than themselves walkin1 the graveyard. Ye think Tm feared for them things, but by this and by that you'll find all the trimblin' on the other side. But where are we to get * shifts' and ' mutches ?' I don't think we'll find that illigant dress among the rags,' by which last was meant the varied wardrobe placed at our disposal for such purposes. , This difficulty was got over verv easilv. my waie, unroriunaieiy, was ot too dimi nutive a stature to supply the required articles, but McSweeny's sister, Honor — a big-boned, tall woman — came as near the size as could reasonably be expected at a short notice. By her we were fitted with a pair of ample inght-gowns, with sleeves — those of the students had none — and mutches'- that for size would have held a 'kail- pat.' This want of the sleeves I laid down to an oversight on the part of the students, but in the end I found I Was mistaken, and that they were quite as far-seeing as ourselves. The students were to start at 11 that night— I made sure of it by looking- at the order in the coach-office— therefore, we re solved to start about 10. Accordingly, a little before that hour, we walked out to Mayfield Loan, where we had the machine concealed, and, dismissing the boy who had brought it, drove out through; the driving snow towards the Maitlaud Burying Ground. One w-$d of McSweeny's will describe the wintry * swish' of that drive better than pages of xedne, and that was- — ' beastly .' AV e were shivered to the bone, and bo dead with cold that we were glad to get out at.the end of two miles and leave the horse and machine at an inn, while we tramped on the rest of the way on 'shanks' naiggie/' carrying ^our 'props' under our arm. Arrived at the burying-ground, we had no difficulty in getting in, as the place was isolated,. the walls low, and not a soul or a humtin habitation in sight. But when it came to the selection of a hiding-place, then we did not get on so swimmingly. There was not such a thing in the,place. Being among the hills, the most had been made of the bit of ground ; so we found that the whole consisted of one flat, square surface, and one straight, smooth siope running very steeply down to the wall at the back. There was no open tool-house, shed, nor shelter of any kind ; and though the snow had gone off, we did not care to hide outside the wall, as such a plan did not offer such facilities for pouncing on the amateur criminals within. At last my eye lighted on the gravedigger's planks and sluice, which had only been used that day to hold and support the earth from the open grave ; and with these laid against the wall at the foot of the slope, I soon constructed a thing that not only concealed us but gave us a partial view of the only grave we were desirous of watching. These arrangements were not long con cluded, our own dark lanterns lighted and covered over in readiness, and ourselves transformed into sheeted ghosts, when the rattling of wheels over the road at some distance warned us of the approach of our quarry, and sent us cowering down the slope into our hiding- place. Rather a long pause after the stopping of the wheels drew us out again, and cau tiously up the slope, to have a peep along the level surface above. The fii'st thing we saw was the machine driving off, straight on — probably to some hiding place before fixed on ; and then, after tossing over the tools and a large sack, we saw them get up one by one and drop over on the soft snow. The front wall was the highest, and there they chose to dress, cowering close into the corner, and talking in whispers. Their first proceeding was to throw off their coats — one of them was a good one, and afterwards lasted me many years — and don white masks. Then they drew on the ' shifts' af ore-mentioned ; and now for the first time I saw that the want of the sleeves was no drawback, as the sleeves of their own shirts corresponded, and completed the costume. The 'mutches' were the last thing ; and then, after some subdued laughter among thenaselves, they snatched up the tools and empty sack, and approached our end of the graveyard. And truly, with the white masks and dark eye-holes, the three figures advanc ing upon us would have been no canny spectaclej had we been ignorant of all the outs and ins. Even McSweeny shrank back into the hiding-place rather quicker than was necessary, and confessed in a whisper that they were ' as like as life.' Owing to the snow having fallen so recently they had some difficulty in find ing the new-made grave ; and even when they did come on the little mound with its loose turf I was by no means sure that they were on the light spot. 'Arrah sowl, you're either wrong in tirely, or the drink's got into their heads,' whispered McSweeuy ; 'see they're 1.0 feet from it, if they're wan ; and by gor, they're diggin'. Them petticoats is' in the way, though — ha! there's one down — hear him swear ; it's as good as a sermon.' There was some vigorous swearing as the chemise got between one of their legs and sent him sprawling over his own pickaxe among the snow and wet earth ; and some ringing laughter from the other two as they sprang forward, raised him as if he had been the best lady in the land, and then fanned him vigorously with their spades, as if to bring him out of a delicate swoon. ' Ah, John, the smelling salts,' cried one to an imaginary footman ; ' don't you see the lady has fainted?' and again the dirty wet spade was waved close to the muddy white mask. 'Haw, haw — no, no,' cried the other, dancing round in mock alarm, 'bring, rather, an ice — on a silver salver,' and, suit ing the action to the word, he shovelled a spadeful of snow into the face of the 'lady.' ' Curses on you both, for a pair of fools' cried the 'lady,' shaldri'g himself free from his tormentors'. ' What did you come here for ? It's running down 'my neck and breast now, like water,' and he fidgetted uneasily to dislodge the snow. ' Aw, haw — feel the lady's pulse, doctaw,' cried ope of the madcaps, dancing round the hole. ' Slightly feverish, I think — caught cold — out rather late in the chill air ? ' ' Yres,' answered the other, as the 'lady' sulkily resumed the pick in the hole. ' Too much violent exertion — will do though — a black bolus, a warm bath, and two injections — right in a day or two.' ' Ah, well,' returned the tormented, re laxing at last into a laugh, ' I can pick for any two of you, that's one consolation There's the coffin at last,' and as he spoke we could hear the crash of wood, as he angrily dashed the point of his implement through the coffin lid. ?£ All larking and chaffing were now at an end, and we could hear them seriously dis cussing the best plan for getting out the corpse. At hist an opening sufficiently large was made in the lid, a rope passed under the armpits of the body, and the corpse gently drawn to the surface. It looked large, even to the body snatchers, and they stared at it for some noonients in bewilderment. At last one struck a match, stooped down, held it close to the face of the dead, and then whistled . aloud. ; 'Good God, you've opened the wrong grave !' he exclaimed. ' It's an old man — sixty, if he's a day — and as ugly as the d — — 1!' And as he spoke he gave the stiff, white form a disappointed kick that sent it rolling down the slope towards our hiding-place. ' We'll secure that for evidence against them,' cried McSweeny, slipping out and stooping down to grasp the body. Just as he had got thus far, however, I saw one of them appear above, talking back wards to bis companions; and I rather un guardedly shouted— 'Down!' McSweeny obeyed instantly, and topped; down straight and stiff behind the body ;' bttt the student above Bt&U-;& at the souni^ and turned angrily towards Msxompanionsf, , 'Do you think Tm a t&£t» he de manded. «A fooir echoed the others. 'No = why?' '* Then why did you cry * Down ?' ' ' I didn't,' cried one. tl Nor I,' echoed the other. {* You intsfc be dreaming.' ' Am I ? Don't do it again, that't all,' sternly returned the first, who was th» ff lady.' ' You are rather fond of tricks to night, but you may find yourselves in th» wrong box before you're aware.' 'True for you, my honey,' muttered McSweeny, without moving ; ' only youll be in it first. Look out, Jimmy.' But the student only came half-way down the slope, and then stood staring at the tw» white forms as if petrified. 'Good God! whafs that! The body's turned into two V he exclaimed ; and then* after coming a little closer, to make sure, he dashed up the slope, calling loudly oil his companions, who were bnsy hunting elsewhere for the real grave. 'Now then,' I whispered excitedly— McSweeny, ' come back again — in here t - and we may pin the whole three at once.' He was just in and no more when ther three appeared at the top of the slope, coo* versing hurriedly and incredulously. ' Two bodies r' Impossible !' I heardt one say, and then the first, as he was about to point triumphantly to the spot, watfc. again petrified with astonishment to behold.' only one body ! ' I could swear I saw two,' he falteringly persisted, looking round on every side. A burst of laughter greeted the wordat and the look. ' No doubt you did ! ' cried one. ' Th» brandy has been too much for you, and jovl saw double.' ^ ' How many do you see now ? ' face* tiously added the other. 'I see one,' he finnly rejoined, without losing temper. 'But, chaff, as you like, you will not make me believe I did not sea two before.' ' Well, well, let us get it buried again^ and say no more about it,' said one of th« others; and raising it between them, they ? were soon busy repairing what they had done by putting back the body and filling in. the earth. But McSweeny was anxious to satisfy himself that they were not bearing it off* and was in the act of creeping softly uptho slope to see, when the first student, who was still unsatisfied, and perhaps a littla roused at the unmerciful chaffing still beiug rattled about his ears, came poking: over the slope further along, looking; anxiously about in every direction. The moment he appeared McSweeny was lying straight and rigid on the snow, hoping thus to be passed unnoticed. But no. The eye of the student instantly lighted on the straight form, while his throat gave out a joyful cry that brought his companions hurrying forward, spades in hand. ' - ' There— there !' I told you there wsw another ! ' he shouted ; and then the whol* three descended with a rush on the white figure. But they were chary of touching it, op even approaching it close. ' Heavens, here^is a mystery and no mis take!' cried one, gazing blankly on Ma companions. ' We only took one from th» grave, and that one we have buried again. Where did this come from ?' ' See, too, how the legs are convulsively drawn up under the shroud ; in that form the body could never have gone into the coffin.' ' Perhaps we are not the only ones in tha field, and some brother in trade has left it for after removal?' suggested one} more quickwitted than the rest. ' Suppose we relieve him of the troublp, as there is no grave to put it in ?' added another ; and so eagerly was the proposal received that one actually stooped and touched McSweeny's face with his hand, preparatory to lifting his end of the body. But it was only a touch. He started back, curious and suspicious. ' It's warm !' he said, in a gasp. ' Is it— is it dead ?' L ' Perhaps not/' gleefully shouted one of the others, clapping his hand on his breast, as if to feel for his instruments. ' What a pity ! I've left them in my coat pocket— -perhaps it's a strange case of re suscitation after a long trance — raise him up, boys — this case may bring us mom than we expected.' The others hastened to obey, and then McSweeny emitted a low moan. 'You hear!' eagerly cried the first. 'Already he exhibits signs of return ing animation—- the brandy! quick, tla* brandy !' I verily believe that but for that potent word McSweeny would instantly hava sejzed the two nearest him; but, as it «was, he instentlv had a relapse, till 'tia welcome fiery liquid was poured freely down his capacious throat. Then ha groaned again, and mumbled indistinctly at some words that puzzled them not a. little. 'What does he say?' said one. 't can't make it out.' 'He says, 'Tell Jimmy to be ready'^ poor fellow! his mind wanders,' answered the other; but before the words were well out of his mouth ' Jimmy' was ready, and had him fast by^he scruff of the— neck, I should say, but unfortunately it was onlyav lady's chemise, and flew away in ribbons aa he dashed' from my grasp, with a yell that might have been heard a mile off. Leaving the other to McSweeny, I was af tdPhim in double-quick time ; but, as bad luck would have it, my legs were not only unused to running in a nightgown, but stiff and numbed wifh the long wait; and, to*, make matters worse, a flat tombstone under the snow caught my feet, and I shot forward like an arrow, rasping mv nose and chin, and considerably damaging Honor McSweeny's nightdress. With no very loving impreca tion I was up again and limping to the wall, which I got over for form's sake, as my quarry, I had a shrewd suspicion, wast already too far off for me to hope for his capture. Over I went with a jump, and gazed eagerlv round on every side^ — thera was the straight white road on either side» fading away into darkness, but no signs of % hurrying human figure. « WeYil have to be content with the tw©,* was my comment, as I felt tenderly at my injured nose and made my way back again; thS^th;?ur8e' McSw-*ny ™** «f* I got to the top of the slope, and then my V neatf wak within me m I looM dowa ^ \- jBaw. iu- ; j-risonere, - iut~™only McS weeny . , *quatting in the snow, and ruefully wiping ' s tbe blood flowing from Ms nose with the ' V*ieeve of his jiight-gown. . s . \--- wGool heaVensT* 'I shouted, ' did you let them off,?' , ' ' ' They -kant off,' was the laconic answer, * sort o' jsuddent like. I got a clip over the . nose, and' then -when I opened me ey.es, t. found myself down here, an' nobody in sight ~ What have ye done wi' yoti* \- ..Bam?'-. - - ,-'.-._.. ? , ; Agroan was my answer. ; *' The cursed nightgown— I fell over a toml)stone,wI began. ; \- 'And he's off? Ah, ye might have , expected as .much/' was f he unsympatbising ' rejoinder. ' There's always trouble in \- fcaviri' anything to do wi'. petticoats,' and he juade another dab at his nose. ' Well: if they put life in me wid the brandy, ''' theyv'e had the pieasui*e of talrin' it out again. The young divils, its only fun to them — a surgical operation, they'd call it/' '' '' We were bad company for each other for eoine minutes, as we were both out of ' temper, and each disposed to throw the \- defeat on the other's shoulders ; but by and by in picking up the tools we found, the 'brandy flask, and made no scruple of finish ing its contents between us. This, with the discovery of the student's superfine, fur collared coats, in a manner consoled us ; *and, dividing the whole between us, we .trudged off to the inn where we had left \- the gig. Next day, of course, we duly arrested the three suspected students; but the un ' blushing scoundrels affected the most un bounded astonishment, and loudly asserted, 'before leaving the Office on bail, their ability i© prove an alibi. We scouted the idea, though, of course, we could not swear to . their faces, seeing that we had never seen them ; but when we \- came to bring the case to trial in the or-' dinaiy way, we found at the outset an un * expected and altogether insurmountable difficulty— the little Irishwoman, upon whose evidence alone we had relied for a conviction, was not to be found. She had : gone away, the neighbors said, quite sud-; denly, to live among her friends in some remote part of the sister isle. And thus ? our case broke down, and the three young rascals went off, shaking their curls at us, and even offering to stand us brandy and soda. But the coats remained with us, with the contents of the pockets and «ther odds and ends, as I have already hinted. ; Yeais after, young Burnet rose in the medical profession here, and at last drifted my vray as an attendaLt on my little girl. Then it was that I learnt the secret of our breakdown. The hand of the little Irishwoman had been crossed — in a word, twenty pounds out of the purses of the ^students took her off and spoiled our case. 