YACHTS AND YACHTING. Bt SL J. S. ♦« I never wu on the dnll tone more, But I loTod the great sea more and more.' ' The deep voice of the billow sounds like music on mine ear, - My buoyant bean au joyoui wranus light sa the hark I awer.' So sang some who have laid their ' ban da upon eld Ocean's mane and played familiar with his hoary locks,' and in his case familiarity can never breed contempt, for the more you watch \he moods of the mighty deep the higher your estimate of his power in storm or calm by tight or day. The great restless old sea seems to speak a familiar language to the sailor, and in his weird whisperings he tells of ages and ages of wandering and work. There is no bad crew in old Ocean's breed; his birth dates from the world's beginning, and his death no man will Bee. Be has done a deal of mischief, bet he has made a mint of good. Is there any wonder then that the sailor should lore him even in his savage rage, for he is a bold one my and roars out his defiance like a knight of old. Yachting' is one of the pleasantest and safest means of familiar intercourse with the wild wayward sea, and it is also one of the most healthful paitimes within reach of high and low who live near enough to taste the ' salty breez i.' To the true yachtsman, and even to the tyro who crdy owns a tiny dingey, there is an amount of genuine enjoyment to be obtained from the proprietorship of a sailing craft, whether she be a hundred tenner or a humble member of tha mosquito fleet, that few other wordly possessions, except that of a peaceful conscience, can give. It is much more agreeable to pay the reasonable expenses of a yachting trip and snap your fingers at the family physician, than to have to settle a score for block draughts and blue pills, and feel as if you wanted more. There is health, and strength, and power in the ' breath of the briny,' that gets far to windward of the chemist's scented shop. Bun a Yacht Club against a hospital and see which will get the largest membership. In every seaport town there always exists a spirit of emulation amongst the owners of small craft— even ' sailing rowboata' — that inevitably ripens into a desire to form a Yacht Club, and when that is started it generally goes along flying. Not only do Yacht Clubs encourage healthy rivalry in a most healthy sport, but they are the means of ttimulating boat-builders to do their 'level best ' in the way of tuminar oat craft whose sailing qualities shall be unsurpassed. What the turf has done for horse breeding so yacht ing has accomplished for boat- building. Since the formation of the South Australian Yacht Club at Fort Adelaide the local boat builders have exhibited even more pride than they formerly did in the style and build of tseir boats, and all this ia due to the hearty honest rivalry amongst yachtsmen. Moreover, the in fluence of the South Australian and Qlenelg Yacht Clubs has been the means of taking scores of young men out of the practice of aimlessly * ' doing the block ' of a Saturday afternoon into the habit of strengthening their muscles and clearing their lungs down the Fort Biver, up the Fatawalonga Creek, or out in the Gulf, as weather permits. Cricket, football, and hunting cannot enjoy all tee honourable monopoly of healthy recreation, consequently yachting and boating cry shares. The South Australian Yacht Club has no* been in existence for several years, and thanks to the energy and enthusiasm of Commodore Bun iey, who is and always has been its leading spirit, it is likely to carry its way far ahead. ?When it was first formed there were several pleasure beats or yachts which now form part of vhat is called the mosquito fleet, and they rarely got up concerted rases — rival boats only occasionally pitting themselves when meeting on the waters, and accidentally running the same course. Now and again as two boats would go spinning along with a spanking breeze a hearty challenge would tiig across the water, and then the care and skill ot the owners came into play. When this becama more frequent Fortonians. vereledto have boats built purely for sailing vuipoeee, and many and minute were the instructions to the rival boatbuilders, each tmateur yachtsman watching the gradual growth of his craft with as moon solicitude as a aainer would regard a promising oolt. The natural result of all this wax the formation ?f the South Australian Yacht Club, which low numbers over 150 members, and is yearly receiving new yachts on its list. Its officers ire:— Mr. W. H- Bundey, Commodore; Mr.jEL D. O'HaHoran, Vice-Commodore; Captain Tapley, Bear-Commodore; Mr. A. F. Hall, Secretary, with a Committee of five appointed yearly. Ooe cf the Club's most stringent rules is that which prohibits all betting on yacht races, and yachts ire tot permitted to run for money. The Club las never had any disagreement to mar its use fulness, and ths suctal meetings are characterizad by an amount of cordial feeling and genuine hospitality. That is not at all remarkable, as the aembers are true yachtsmen and cannot help caking things snug. THE COMING SEASON. Not i having the prophetic instincts of 'Con- 5dential,' I cannot profess to predict the debtioies of yachting even from the hand writing of its supporters, but I can say with a tolerable degree of certainty that if coming events case anything like reli able shadows before, tbere is every pro spect of the yachting season for 18767 being a good one and a merry one. The financial position of the leading Club ia most cheery, the anticipations of the members sunny, and the appearance of the generality of the yacht* nrfctrate. Some of them have been beachel, scraped, painted, rerigged, and put iato the rough racing trim. Others are undergoing slight alterations for the better, and will be all there when the opening-day comes. Two or three are also on the sick-list, and if not taken greater care of will be nowhere when the Com modore hoists his flag. The White Cloud, which used to look like a graceful ghost of a yacht as she glided up the river with her spotless hull and snowy sails gleaming in the soft moonlight, is now like a fallen seagull, and suffers from neglect. The pert httle Undine has come to grief, acd the once lively Nautilus is 'heart and chipper- and sassy' no longer, having apparently fallen into un appreciative hands. The Zephyr, as might be expected of the Commodore's pet, is all there, and will show how well she oan appre ciate her owner's skilful handling when the time comes. The Xanthe, once the crack yacht of the Port, whose fame was so great that with her ic sail in a race was to win it, is still to the fore, and is donning her holiday gear. The Xsnthe's time has gone by, but she is good for a great deal yet ; and though she has laurels enough to put her down by the head, she will doubtless try for mare. She has been rather unfortunate in the way of getting adrift from her moorings, and although she has not exactly tried every soft spot. on the coast, she has a remarkable predi lection for sandy belchea. She was designed by Mr. Wm. Taylor, and in her palmy days made his 'lines' fall in pleasant places, for there was not a better yacht in the Fore than the ' Flying Xanthe.' The White Clcud, now getting below the horizon of hope, was also Mr. Taylor's design, and did him credit. The White Squall -and the Banshee, both crack yachts, came from the same hands, and are ready to reflect more credit on their designer. &a; Belle Bessie is another well-known yacht capable of showing a clean pair of heels ta some cf the Club's craft. The Vivid is generally ad mitted by yachtsmen to be the best boat of har class, although the Vice-Commodore may be inclined to dispute this, inasmuch as he beat her last season. The little Banshee will not let the Vivid wrest har laurels from her, and she is a wonderful weatbery boat capable of doing all she promises. The Weeteena will not neglect to show the name on her stern to some of her ri7alain the coming eeason. It will be hard to Sad a better boat of her class than the lively little ?Weeteena, A new yacht haB been added to the fleat in the shape of a fine useful Gulf boat, well b'lilt, roomy, and admirably fitted, lately brought from Melbourne by Mr. J. P. Boucaat, M.P. So doabt much will be heard of her before the season closes. She behaves well ia a heavy seaway, and her qualities as a KEflbg boat are first-rate. She has bean acch improved by a counter stern being put upon her, and her present appearance warrants the conclusion that she will be all a yacktsiran can desire in rough weather. There is also a roomy comfortable cutter once known a« the Victory, and belonging to Mr. Kemp, of Gletelg, but now the property of Mr. A. Tswwt, «qo fcaa named her tha Albatross, Her yacht measurement is about 20 tons. She is elegantly fitted up, and has all appliances that can make life on the sea comfortable to a yachtsman. Amongst the mosquito fleet are the Isabella, 8ylphide, and White Squall, all getting ready for the season and promising to show up well in the matches, Mr. H. Muirhead's yacht, the 8y]phide, has been ruralizing up the Glenelg Creek during the winter, and now — thank3 to the care and atcention of her owner — looks as fresh aa if just off the stocks Amongst the builders and designers of yachts wnose reputa tion the cracz boats are bound to keep up are Mr. W. Taylor, foreman of the Government Yard, -who stands pre-eminent as a designer; Mr. Playfair, who built the Zephyr and Vivid; Mr. Michelmore, who turned out the Weeteena and White Cloud ; and Mr. McKinlay, who built the Banshee. The following is a list of the yachts belonging to the 8.A.Y.C.:— Yacht. Big. Tbb. Owner. Bygeia ... schr. 88 BirWm. Milne Edith ... ctr. 43 Hon. T. Elder Zephyr ... ctr. 23 Mr. W. H. Bundey Alratrosa... ctr. 20 Mr. A. Tennant Edith Kate ctr. 15 Mr. J.P.Boacaut, M.P. Xanthe ... ctr. 12 Mr. Munton WhlteCloud ctr. 7 Laid up Lcthair ... ctr. 7 Mr. Duncan Brown Weeteena... ctr. 6 Capt. Bickers Vivid ? ctr. 4 Mr. W. Russell Banshee ... ctr. 4 Mr. H. D. O'Haliorsn Undine ... ctr. 4 Mr. Hargrave Nautilus ... ctr. 3 Messrs. B. & W. Taylor Express ... ctr. 3 Mr. Jacobacn Ada k Amy ctr. 3 Mr. Squires liabella ... ctr. 3 Mr. W. Christie Bylphide ... ctr. 3 Mr. H. Muirhead White Squall ctr. — Mr. Hubert. All three yachts fly the burgee of the Club, and there are others that will be admitted when the season opens. The White Cloud and the Nautilus are offered for sale. The owner of the Lothair has not bad time to fit hia boat out, as be has only just arrived from England. The Undine and Express are on the sick- list and are badly attended. This is a pity, as both yachts were pretty little modelp, and used to show up well in former seasons. It is to be hoped that the White Cloud and Nautilus will pass into good hands .and still be kept in the fleet. 