THE STAGE. Surely we are the most energetic amusement- seeking people under the sun. It is difficult to imagine that even in Venice, Rome, Florence, or any other city of the old world where a cer tain portion of each year is set apart by the stern decrees of law and inexorable custom as the season for holding high revel, where the revels diverge into saturnalias and orgies of the wildest description, that more attention is paid to pleasure than we bestow on it. Let any one take a retrospective glance over the newspaper announcements relating to amusements during the past few weeks, and it will be found that horse-racing, foot- racing, yachting, boating, polo, cricket, bowls, opera, pantomimes, con certs (sacred and secular), lectures, and- nu merous other modes of 'getting rid of cash, sur plus and otherwise, have been provided, and that each and every amusement has its votaries, who make it worth the while of the entrepreneurs to keep the supply equal to the demand. I do not think we spend too much this way, because we live well, dress well. and. as Rip ' , ; records will show, we vote plenty of money to charities, public and private, but it really resolves itself into a question whether we are not living too fast, and, in our headlong pur suit of pleasure, running all our enjoyments bare, ourselves becoming blast, and tired out with it all long before the proper time. I suppose, however, that our appetites will be kept keenly whetted by the inventors of new amusements ; at least, I hope so, for I fear the dread ennui resulting from satiety. So far as we can look into the immediate future, plenty of novelty is promised ; thus we have the" panto mime at the Royal, which is to be followed by the Lingards, who I understand are under engagement to appear there. At the Opera house ' Fortunatus," which is proving a veritable gold-mine to the lucky holders of shares in it, is to be replaced by Mr. Enunett, who is reputed to be the1 father of Dutch business, and to have taught such good men as Williamson and Emmerson all they know. Mr. I Einmett will be followed by Mr. Sotlicrn, of world-wide fame. The Chevalier Blohdin will drop in upon us in a month or so, with his little bit of twine and balancing-pole. Mr. and Ma dame Simonsenare expected in a very few days, and plans are daily being formed of other amusements, by which we shall he able to let off our pleasure-seeking steam. In my opinion there can be no better indication of our pros perous condition than the flourishing state of our churches, theatres, and amusement halls. When they begin to fail I shall view with anxiety the financial state of the country, and join the alarmists in their war-cry of reform. Until that time, sufficient for the day is the evil thereof. I can only give a brief notice of the pabulum provided for pleasure-hunters U.111111 ulic VYvvixj du l/IiCiC iidvS UKvill SO Ti 1 1 1 1 1 1 of it, and I will, therefore, commence with the Opera-house. At this theatre the pantomime of i ' Fortunatus and the Wishing Cap and Magic Purse" con tinues to draw the largest audiences ever as sembled within its walls, and I must, in justice to Mr. Lyster, say deservedly so. He has en tered into a heavy and expensive under taking ; he has afforded us the novelty of wit nessing the fooleries and nonsensical verbiage of a pantomime which, being entrusted to a large staff of good operatic artists, has, by the sheer force of the merit with which they have invested it, been raised to a pitch of dignity in the es timation of the public. Again, Mr. Lyster has retained intact the large orchestra which has de lighted us during the past opera season, and, as Mr. Habbe has painted one of the best transfor mation scenes ever placed before Melbourne playgoers, it need not he a matter for wonder that, discriminating and critical as we are ad mitted to he, Mr. Lyster 's desire to provide worthily for us has been recognised, and, I hope, rewarded. Chiefest among the chief attractions is that bright little creature Miss Emilie Melville. She plays the part of Fortunatus as though she liad TllD"\Tn "n it rr Hui'f r>07ifnnnmo oil lio-i 1 ffn T I is this wonderful gift of imparting an air of com pleteness and finish to every new character she undertakes that, in conjunction with her at tractiveness of person and the air of freshness around her, goes to mrke up the sum total of her success. Her singing and acting is all that can be desired ; she has plenty of work and does it willingly, and with such evident pleasure as to create a strong personal feeling of friend ship on the part of all who have seen her a few times. Miss Clara Thompson contributes in no inconsiderable degree to the success of the pan tomime, and as King Pippin she looks charming and 'graceful enough to suit the most fastidious taste. She sings several songs very ably, and takes part in the concerted music with the skill born of long practice. Miss Jeannie Winston, Mrs. Fox, Miss Bessie Royal, and Miss Woold- ridge are all cast for parts that seem to suit their several qualifications very exactly indeed. Miss Wooldridge particular is a most fascinating Agrippina, and sings a character song, "Not before pa," in a way that has made it quite popular ; the young lady is also very pretty, and such an ad" ditional qualification is not overlooked, es pecially by the sterner portion of the visitors. Mr. Templeton, as Mammon, has nothing to do after the second scene, but he sings his music excellently well. Mr. Bracy is not a comic man in the broad meaning of the term, but he is ap- preciative, understands tlie requirements or eacn particular phase, and evokes several very funny situations out of the character of Bras-de-fer. His song, "Tommy, make room for your uncle, is a happy bit of nonsense, suggestive without coarseness, and sung tunefully. Withal, Mr. Bracy is a pleasant gentleman, and his affability is apparent on and off the stage. Mr. G. Leopold must be considered a very good low comedian. He does not succeed in some of the characters allotted to him, hut there are many in which he has achieved a very large measure of success. As Outatelbo, his performance is a good one, and he certainly excites the risible faculties of the audience in a greater degree than any of the other artists. It is not at all likely that "For tunatus" will he withdrawn for some weeks to come. At the Theatre Royal the pantomime, " A Froggee Would a Wooing Go," is receiving a large share of public patronage. The work is from the pen of Mr. Brougli, hut it has been altered to meet local requirements by that most prolific of authors, Mr. Garnet Walcli, who has indulged in word-torturing to his heart's content. There are of course plenty of skits and satirical allusions to current events, social and political, but whether it is that the original libretto was not a felicitous one, or that the adapter has not been as happy as he usually is with his Christmas works, certain it is that the dialogue is looked upon as being just a little dreary, and this feeling is somewhat inten sified by the fact that the management has re- relied upon the popular liking for the old company, and has not deemed it necessary to go out of its way to engage any fresh talent. The Misses Docy, Maggie, and Nellie Stewart are very agreeable young ladies, and they possess capability each in her particular way ; but they are also full of mannerisms, they have been on the stage of the Theatre Royal for a very long time, and a capricious public requires to see new faces combined with new talent and ability. Then there are Messrs. Harwood and Greville. who are certainly hosts in themselves ; Mr, Richard Stewart and Miss Jenny Bryce good, but not new, and a number of lesser lights, but they are all TiamM to which theatre-goers are i accustomed, and they consequently offer no special inducements to visitors. On the other land, the scenery is very handsome, and it includes some magnificent specimens of Mr. Hemimgs s manipulative skill, notably the four first scenes, the panorama, and the fourth scene in the second act — " The Land of the Frogs. " The transformation scene is excellent, but not up to some of the previous ones at the same house, and there is one good topical sorm sung by Alkohol (Mr. Harwood). There are Amazous in plenty, and an intricate Amazonian review that would be much more interesting if it were not quite so long ; and there is a very numerous and charming assort ment of fairies, including a little dancing one, " La Petite Osborne." This latter is a tiny j child, seven years old, who dances a very com plicated and graceful dance and afterwards a very good hornpipe. The little morsel is very careful, and displays wonderful accuracy in keeping time to the music. The sisters Duvalli are engaged for the terpsichorean business as well as the harlequinade, but they were similarly perform ing in last year's pantomime. Baby Benson finished her engagement at the Apollo-hall on Saturday night, and, with Misa Jennie Benson and other members of the com- pany, she intends, I understand, domg a short tour in Tasmania. On Monday night the boards were occupied by the Vincent-Montebello troupe, who are still playing at the house. It will be recollected that Mr. St. Vincent and Madame Montebello appeared at the Princess's Theatre about two years since, in conjunction with Mr. Val. Vose and others, under the auspices of Mr. J ohn Smith. The entertainment they then gave, consisting principally of character songs, such as "Gaslight Swells," etc., is continued now, with the addition of some feats of magic and con- juring. The Japanese juggler, Awata Catnoshin, remains with them, and is very successful in the exhibition of his dexterity and skill. The United States Minstrels are, I am informed, shortly to make their appearance at the Apollo. The Fakir of Oolu's new entertainment at St. George's-hall is not so largely attended as it was anticipated it would be, but the audiences may, under the circumstances, be considered fair ones. The entertainment has, in point of fact, fallen short of the expectations formed of it. The first part, consisting of phantoscopic views of points of interest on the route to the top of Mont Blanc, is not good. The pictures are crude and raw, and they would have been considered bad twenty years since if exhibited as dissolving views. The mesmeric suspension of Miss Sylvester is quite as good as ever ; the ghost hallucination very excellent, but marred by an unfortunate soliloquy delivered in a most wretched manner. The very handsomest fountain ever seen in Australia lit up with beautiful limelights is exhibited, and a spectral pantomime, or harlequinaide, in which the figures (living ones) perform behind a large sheet placed across the stage, upon which a strong light is thrown as in a magic -lantern. Parts of this last business are managed very well indeed, but there are others which could he excised with advantage. On Saturday the Doctor in- tends exhibiting and entirely new and very grand waterfall, and I am told it is to eclipse anything previously done in this way. Professor Hughes and his pupils have been at Kihnore, and the papers speak highly of tlie Opera di Camera. The Advertiser writes : — " We must speak in the highest terms of the vocal efforts of Miss Blaekham, whose voice is of considerable compass, power, and sweetness. She was encored several times. The other per formers did well. Each night, in spite of the weatlier, the programme was gone through with spirit and success. ' Look to the End,' a pretty Opera di Camera, created much amusement, and afforded genuine pleasure, Miss Blackham's clear soprano, her finished style, and faultless L 11 U.lIL'lcv U a U 11 PJLlll > VI > llltl! IvCMl. JL lit/ UUlliJJtVll \ went from Kilmore to Sevmour, and thence to Nagambie.' ADAGIO. The New York Spirit of tl«- Times has the following gossip about tlie incomes of prime donne : — " Mdme. Parepa Rosa, who died re cently, left 250,000 dollars behind her, which she made on the stage in a few years. Mdme. A. Patti is worth several millions. Clara Louise Killog is worth 200.000 dollars. Lucca makes thousands of dollars every month, but they run like water through her fingers. De Murska is rich, but improvident. Miss A. Philips and Annie Louise Cary have made tidy fortunes. Clara Novello lias made as much as 3,000 dollars in a day- — this for many consecutive weeks. Nilsson is A ery wealthy. Titiens is rich, pro vident, generous, and altogether the most in telligent and sensible woman in the profession. Albani is only just on the way to fortune, but is even now very comfortably off. Grisi was rich, and Catalini made a very large fortune. Pasta was at one time a very rich woman, hut she lost her fortune through the failure of her hankers. Little Marietta Piccolomini made £50,000 in six years, retired, and married a marquis. " 