THE JOHN HARRIS \-------<>-------- [FROM TEMPLE BAR.] I've been thinkin', sir, you'd like to hear of how we gave chase to a slaver on the east coast of Africa in the year '59. We was cruising about the Bight in H.M.S. Spitfire. We'd none on us been ashore for three years, for you see, sir, there's a deal of fever on the coast, and it wouldn't do. General ways, ships takes it turn and turn about to go ashore at St. Helena, but somehow we hadn't done it ; and our cap'n— he was a rare good one— I suppose he guessed we felt it was tightish work, tho' I don't think none of us did, for we was all comfortable among ourselves. He used to give us leave— the cap'a did— when the country people comed down to the shore, as they do at some o' the places, with eggs and cheese and such like— he used to say, "Go ashore, lads, and buy what you like, " and if we brought a cask o' brandy back he never said nothin'; he always locked it up, you know (said Jack, looking as serious as his usual expression of broad good humor permitted), and served it us out in rations extra after supper, and then we used to have singin' and tlanoin , and jokin' . Bless your heart, sir ! we were as jolly — . It was particular so for me, for you see there was only the cap'n, the master and a midshipman ; both these last was boys, so, tho' I was only a petty hofficer— cox'en of the long- boat— the cap'n he looked to me for everything, you know, sir— not but what he was rare and kind to all, but I had almost all the same as a quarter-deck holiicer. Well, one day we was at Wydar, when 'a missionary comes aboard and tells the cap'n if he'll give him forty pound he'll put him in the way of a slaver— for you see sir. the slavers is mostly taken thro the reports of the missionaries, sir. Well, the cao'u ho sent for tho hoffieers, and they talked it over, aud it was settled that the missionary— he was a black nn— should be paid the money if the slaver was taken, and the contrary it it wasn't. So then he told us that she was a brigantir.e sailing under the '.Merikin colors, and calling herself tho John Harris ; she had only lately oomc iu, and ho knew she hadn't loaded yet. Next morniu" we got orders from tho admiral's ship to go up to Lagos ; so cli' we goes,' the risk being that the slaver might have taken in her cargo afore we earned back, you see, sir. AVell, we wasn't long at Lagos — we'd left a boat to watch her — aud as soon as we comes back there she was sure enough, with the 'Merikin flag flying. Well, sir, as soon as our cap'n 3ee this, ho tells me to man a boat, and off he goes to hold a parley -with tho 'Merikin skipper — cnly the cap'n and the midshipman goes on deck, and we stays below in the boat. Pre sently 1 looks upj and I sees peeping over at jno a face I know'd, a mate I had served with on boatd the Britannia. "Hullo, mate!" said I; "I thinks I < knows your face." " I knows yourn, if you don't know mine," he tays, grinning. "Your name's Freeman, ain t it ? said I. " AVell, it is," says he ; and then he grins at me again. " What are you doiu' here ?" says I. "Oh, we'd only got a small cargo," said he, " and we've nearly got rid of it." "All ready to take in tho live un, eh?" says I. "That's nothing to you or me," say3 he, quite short. I saw I should get nothing more out of him. Presently tiio cap'n comes down and tells us to pull back to the ship. ' I can't make anytbing'out of hor, Pem- hridge, ' he whispers; "she's not loaded yet, at any. rate." Well, I felt terrible oneasy, because I feels sure oho wus after no good ; but, as the cap'u said, we'd no proof to warrant us in taking any proceedings against her. For you see, sir, that was before this 'Merikin war, and the 'Merikins didn't allow no right of search ; so, if the cap'n had opened her hatches and she'd turned out no slaver at all, why their Government 'ud brought a taction against our'n, and our Cap'n 'ltd ha' lost his commission. AVell, sir, on and off, We went on cruising thereabouts for some weeks, never once losing sight of the John Harris. >8he dropped down to St. Thomas's after a hit and tilled all licr water-casks, but she itemed so quiet and take.it-easy about it, that some on us begau to feel terrible puzzled ; we'd noticed that she'd a lot o' planks aboard of her already, to make a lave deck, but she'd sent these all ashore ow. You know, sir, if they don't ship the i.-.rkies as soon as old King Dahomey's got cm ready, why he claims 'em and makes tho kipper buy 'em all over again. Well, all on a suddou one Saturday even- ng we missed her. She was gone right clean f.oin under our noses. AVell, the cap'n was terribly vexed, lor you see, sir, wo thought she'd perhaps taken her cargo in and waa oil cafe enough for Cuba ; so he sends two ciew hoys ashore to inquire of the missionary what gived ua information. AArell, sir, the crutr buys didn't come back, nor the boat neither— it was plain enough they'd been j nt iu prison to stop their laying informa- We v.as precious wild to think we'd lost lit i" niter all, for you see, supposin' she hadn't loaded, we didn't know where sho was going to take 'ein in, so wc didn't knntv where to look for her. Well, tho next day was Sunday — it was a misty, hazv sort of weather— I was kcaping watch, while they wero at chnrch below, sn.i 1 just thought I'd get up in tho cross- tiees and have a look out— and I'm blov.cd if I didn't ketch sight on her somo way down tiio coast at a place called Ambrosette. i 'hi I goes aud whispers to tho cap'n — " -Sir," says I, "there's the John liar- i?." ' Where?" says he. "licit n at Ambrosette, she's a gettin via in. She won't ho there long, air," aya !. '-V.il, Hie cap'n lie cuts church pre en-::-; chart, and up ho coine3 to tho cross- it I/, a. " i'kat's her, suro enough," says ho, after lie J tal.ui a squint at her thro' tho glass. l.'-nt lie wouldn't' have tiie steam got up at ' rev, because he wanted, you see, to let her alr.p her cargo. Against it was dusk wo was fill eery, and then down we steamed at a tr. "u oji.iuo rate. A oil, ws was looking fqrrard, all onus — it had u'luo on a hit hazy — heading our eyes iu one direction and spccting to ketch sight i n her every minute, for you see, sir, wo'd : Mi.a.i-ion that she was oil' — wheu on a f-uddeii one of our crew who'd been ill and waa Belting for hair on a coil of ropes in tho 'tt iu, he calls out, "There sho is— there's tl'e John Hams 1" li.orc :he was behind. AVhy, sir, we'd ; x-.-.d lurin thc fog, which had just lifted a jioir, ami if that invalid seaman hadn't L-q pencil to he looking otherwise to what us was> we'd lost her altogether, lieii, the cap'n ho calls out, Ease her, stop her ! and bur ship was soon swung louiid Within hail of the slaver. The fog \- cleared off now. Y'ou see, sir, iu them leas it's never what you'may call dark, aud wr-I soon got near enough to ho sure of nr. But lit ! cap'n wouldn't meddle with her id daylight. That came soon, and then he ails her— " What ship's that V" ' A ha) ship are you':" came the answer. 'That's enough, sir," says 1, "that thowB what she is ; and iookye here, sir, the si hit Harris is painted out now." _ "'How tan you be sure of that?" says the (lector. I ' i?Ur' s'r>" .saJ's '> "why 1 soes the Ircsh paint." Y'ou Bee, sir, I always had a credit for sharp sight. : A\'ell, the cap'n sends tho two officers and tee gunner in one boat, aud me and a filo of marines in another ; hut I was not to go on toard unless Mr. AA'alkinshaw — that was the waster's name — signalled for me to do so. However, sir, as wo lay alongside in tho teat, 1 waa sure wo was all right, for I c&u.d; smell 'em, sir — smell 'em through the \- mb-.-r, as plain — Well, after thoy d had ioa:e palaver with the skipper, Mr. AYalkin- thaw he comes to the side and beckons me l!p;, "It's all right, Pembridge," he whispers. . 11 Tes, sir," suys I, " right enough ; she's right lull on 'em." "Oh, 1 think not," he says, looking quite surprised ; " the skipper shows his papers right and fair. I don't think there's any :a " " AVell, sir," says I. "I've got just upon Jour pounds in my looker, and I don't mind -Htti'.gyou that that she's right full on 'em. 'ay, ;ir, put your nose down here j can't ; a smell 'cm?'' ' No, Pembridge, I can't," says he; "no inarc tan the others. AVliat reason have yuu fnr suspicion ?" ' I felt terrible wild, but you See, sir, ffiey was hollicers and I waa man; and yon tee they'd been having a cigar with the skipper, and he'd been making himself I pleasant, and these young gents is easy got I over. "Well, sir," says I, "when we went aboard at AA'ydar she'd got a lot of crew boys. , AVhere's the crew boy3 now ? Then she's got all her water casks on deck. Why's that for, but to give room below? And most of all, sir, 1 smell 'cm." ANY 11, the man I named Freeman was the mate, and he looked black enough at mo, for he saw I kuotved what I was about ; and there, jvas another mate named Thomas— a most haivful character he was to be sure — the oaths he used when be see me antl the officers talkin' together was tremenjious — them 'Merrikins is terrible 'andy with hoatlis, you know, sir. AVell, Mr. AValkingshnw he says some thing to the skipper about crew boys, and says Freeman, " Here tbey lies, safe enough," and he lifts up a sail on deck, and reg'Iar shows 'em to us— a heap of darkies all lying huddled together. "Here they arc, sir," aaya I. "Now you sen 'cm." " Sec what !" say3 the gunner ; " these are the crew-boys." AVell, sir, it was no use — they'd dono us for that time. Over wo goes, and rows hack to our ship, and thu officers goes up to the cap'n with tlicir story. AA'oli, the men was raro and wild ; them as had been with me in the boat bad told the rest, and they all begins a hurgiu o' me to go up to tho cap'n anil tell him my suspicions. "Quiet," says 1, "you let the cap'n alone ; he'll send for me when ho wants j me." Sure enough, there was a 'ue aud a cry > tor mo presently, and I goes to the cap'n. "Well, Pembridge," says he, "and what do you say now?" "Say, sir? AVhy, she's full on 'cm." "AA'ell," says he, and ho looks terrible perplexed, "you're only a seaman, and these are hoiiicers. AA'hat are the reasons o' your suspicions, Pembridge Y" " AA'ell, sir, " says I, " I'm that sure, that, with the eap'n's leave, I'll lay four pounds — and that's all I've got left — against any of these gcnl'm, that she's right full. AVby, sir, I've got three causes ot suspicious. Ju the lirst place, didn't you notice, when you and me ivent aboard, or rather when you went aboard and I stayed below, that she'd plenty o' crew boys Y" "Wei!," says our skipper, "l'vo heard about that, and these gentlemen say the crew boys was accounted for — " " Cap'u," says 1, " in course I can't swear to kuowin' them tlarkics ono from another, but my belief is them weren't crew-boys as wo saw just now. Then, sir, she's got all her water-casks on deck full, not below, sir. Why's that for ? Then, sir, you remember as well as I do, that she had two anchors when you went aboard— now she's got but one. Why's that, sir? Because she saw us a-comin' iu the dark, and sho slipped her anchor to get off quicker. AVhy did she do that for?" The cap'n ho was .terrible perplexed, but instead ot going aboard himself along o' me that same afternoon, he says he'd go down to Ambrosette. He knew there wax a large Nova Scotia barquo lying there, which must have scon all that had been going on, and lic'd make inquiries. Now, here, sir, was tho lolly. As it was, it was a dead calm. AYo could move along because of our Btcatn, but she lay as dead as a log ; but, thiuks 1 to myself, as we steams off, if a breeze springs up iu tho night we shan't see no more of the John Harris. By the timo we gets down to Ambrosette it had got late, and the cap'n wouldn't let mo go aboard the Nova Scotia. He said they would be all abed, aud I must wait till daylight. It was an awful sort o' risk, as you know, sir, to lay alongside all night, and to feel if1 a breeze sprung up wo hadn't the ghost of a| chance lclt; for I lcnowed last enough if j once tho John Harris got a fair start the game was up. J Y'ou may he sure I never slept a wink all i night, and as soon as thero was a glimmer of1 what might be called daylight, down I goes j to the cap'n, rouses him up, and geta his leave to go aboard. The cap'n said thoy might refuse to give information, and in that case I was to overhaul their log-book, j which in course, as you knows, sir, thoy hadn't no right to refuse. AVell, I goes ' aboard, sir, and thero was no ono up, only ; one soamau. I asked him if he'd seen the ' John Harris down at Ambrosette lately, and he stud, "Yes, till tho evening before yes terday hut when I comes to further ques tions, he declines to hanswer, cos, yon sco, sir, the Dahomoy peqplo would havo nothing to do with them if so be as thoy gived in formations. " AVell," says I, "can' I see your log-, book?" : "See it and welcome," says he. j And according looks, aud finds, "Brigan- tine, name Jehu Harris ; had connection with ' twenty canoes." I All right, thinks I, and didu't I get back j qnick to tho Spitfire. . j "All right, sir," I says to the cap'n, and i tells him of tho canoes, and back we steams j tremenjious fast,' and after some time we ' catches sight on her. She'd moved a little, ! but the calm lay deader than ever. The cap'n ho hails her again, and the skipper, I s'pose, he think3 as how it's all up now. . " It's no good,- cap'n," says ho, "you can come and tako 'eiu ; l'vo got live hundred I for you." . Now, the bo'sun and I had had a talk as we was steaming up from Ambrosette, and he said wc should miss her after all, he was positive. "Not a bit of it," says I. "I'll lay you a pound that we board her and take kcr by twelve o'clock." "' Done," says the bo'sun. The cap'n he tells us to man tho pinnace aud the long- boat, and all the rest of 'em, and to come u ith him to tho ship. Well, as soon as we goes aboard the skipper ho turns sulky, and he says — " I don't know what you mean ; you caino aboard yesterday, and no fault louud. AVhat the doose do you moan- by poking here again? A'tm havo been a-taking Ilia- formations. "No," says our cap'n, "but our suspi cious is strong agin you, and I must open your hatches." Ob ! if you'd seen the way the skipper stormed : arid as to that thero second mate, Thoman, ho threatened to take my life if I stayed aboard. ' "You stop that," said I, for lie swore ter rible hard; his hoaths was tremenjious — 1 can swear, hut I never hear sich hoaths. "Look ye here," said he, with a string o£ 'em, ' f I've got somothink as till settle you easy." And bo pulls out a six-barrel revolver. " Now, keep quiet," says I ; "1 am not here to he threatened by you— two can do that," and 1 pulls out my rovolver (for wo are allowed to carry 'cm, sir, on such-like dooty) : " and perhaps I shall get lirst chance.'' Just then tho cap'u ho beckons our car penter up out of tko boat. " Bring up your haxe," says he, " we'll soon have tho 'atehes open." For they fastens 'em down, sir, as soon as they've got tho darkies safe aboard. "I protest again it," said the skipper. "No need for that," whispers Freeman to me ; "jest you draw them bolts." Lor' bless you, sir ! tho minute I drawed the bolts antl tipped with thu hatches, there they was, all with their mouths hopeu liko so many young birds, a-cravin for hair, you know, sir. So tho skipper ho give3 up then, and he says — "" AA'ell, cap'n, didn't I tell you I'd got five hundred for you ? " AA'ell, I was for hauling down tho Hag, but tho cap'n he says to me, " You leave it alone, Jack ; let 'em do it theirselves ; we'll nab it presently." AA'ould yon believe, sir, they hanls it down on a sudden, and rolls it np with a couple of bolt3 in it, and chucks 'it over board, just to prevent our gotting it. The skipper he says presently, "AVhat are you going to do with me, cap'n?" he says. So the cap'n asked where he d like to go to, and he Bays Sierra Leone, and they all says Sierra Leone. AVell, we left some men in- charge, and when we gets back to our ship (I ought to toll you, sir, that the Hag was hauled down at a quarter before twelve, so I won my wager fairly), I says to our skipper, "Cap'n," says I, "you'll excuse me speak ing, but are you agoing to leave the skipper and them two big feSows o' mates along, and only three of us? AVhy, sir, they'd cir- cumwent us somehow, for they've got the doose's own cunning." " You wait a bit," said the cap'n ; so he gave me and Corporal Best our instructions, and the rest of the men who was to go with us. As soon as Thomas sees me acomin' up tho ship's side, he begins foamin' at the month with fury, swearin' the biggest of hoaths aud agoin' on terrible. j'AVe are a-goinj to Sierra Leone," nays he, "your skipper promised, \\\hat on earth are you conto after?" and he begins at me again. . " Marines," says .1, " jnst point; your niuskcte this way. Now, Mr. Thomas, I says, "my cap'n knowed by the Lord the sort of fellow you war, and ho told you that to keep you quiet ; if you're not quiet now at once, we'll tie you nock aud heels and set you adrift in one of them surf boats.' He was pretty quiet then, I can tell you, and wo searched him and found a revolver and some doubleoons ; tho orders was to strip 'em of everythink but their clothing and one doubleoon each ; but Mr. Walkin- shaw, he was with us, and he says, J' Oh, give him back his money." They're terrible soft, sir, these youngish young gentlemen, when they are soft. But directly we'd done with him — we didn't givo Thomas time to think — over he goes into one of tbe_ surf- boats : and so with Freeman, and with all the rest except the skipper and tho darkies. Ah, poor crceturs 1 when wo went down among 'em it was bnwful ; they were penned as close as bees — tho men oue side, the women t'other, and all as they were born, sir, women as well as men. There was a Spanish driver among 'cm— a brute of a fellow ; he'd got a great cowhide whip, and he'd boon keeping of Jem quiet with it while we was on deck the first time, afcar they should cry out. Weil, sir, I looked about, and I found there was some bales of calico below. You see, sir, they strips 'em when thoy sends 'out aboard, 'cos their clothes is all old King Dahomey's, and they takes these bales of calico to dress 'em up afore they lands 'em ; so 1 whips out my knife aud I cuts off good-sized pieces of the cloth, and chucks 'cm iu among the women. Bless you ! tho poor souls, they wraps themselves up as quick as you could say knife, and some of 'cm dresses up their children in it too. The men didn't seein to care much for it, hut the women foil a cryin'. I didn't know before there was so much human fcelin' in them darkies. Well, sir, we got them all safe to Sierra Leone except three which died off; but bless you, sir, wo' took care of 'em ; we had tubs of water on deck, and made all on 'cm take a dip every morning ; and we gave them plenty of fresh hair, Well, sir, the end of it was, the John Harris was given up to the proper authori- ties and sold, and my share out of that there job was forty-seven pounds and sixpence ; but then you see, sir, she'd led us a tremen- jious dance before we catched her. "Thank you, Pembridge," I said ; "that's a very interesting story." Well, sir, tho best of it is, it happened, so there ain't a word of fiction in it. 