FALLEN FORTUNES. BY JAMES PAYN, ATJTHOB OF " LOST SRA MASSINGBEED,' " WAITER'S WORD," &e.; CHAPTER XXXIII. EVIL TIDINGS. Jenny said nothing of the news she had got from Jeff, even to Kate. It was quite right of Jeff to tell her; she would have resented it had he not done so, but it was also right in her not to tell her sister. That one of the family should know it, and he miserable accordingly, was sufficient. What Kate would have said, had she known that Jenny, the weakest of them, was bearing this burden all alone, j I was another matter. There had been a time when Kate had been Jeff's confidante, and not. Jenny; but of late he had changed in this respect. His letters were full of Kate, as Jenny noticed with many a quiet smile, but they were not addressed to her. "He is quite wise," reflected the recipient of these missives, " or that man might be tempted to open them." This invalid young lady was certainly rather strong in her likes and dislikes. •She thought Uncle George " an old dear," and the doctor " perfection;" but she had no hesitation in pronouncing (to herself of course) Mrs. Campden as "base," Mary as -"weak" and "undependable," and Mr. Holt as "a horror." She would never forgive his having aspired to her sister's hand, or Mrs. Campden for "-egging him on" to do it (as she guessed), under pretence, too, of its being for the benefit of the family, and especially of herself. She even suspected Holt of being the cause of her father's ruin. A fortnight had passed by since she had been told that there was "no cause for anxiety as yet," and she could see that her mother was growing very anxious. Li default of letters, Mrs. Dalton read the newspaper every morning with avidity— that is, the two half-columns of it which referred to "Shipping Intelligence" and " the Mails." This paper, which arrived at Riverside in the afternoon, was forwarded to them by post next day with commendable regularity. "It is so kind of Julia," said Mrs. Dalton, speaking of this to the doctor, " and so thoughtful." "Yes," added Jenny drily, "and so troublesome. Marks (the butler) directs it himself, and puts it in the bag." One morning the Morning Chronicle came instead of the Times, which the girls could see had quite a depressing effect upon their mother. The reports about the shipping, she complained, were not so full. " Never mind, mamma," said Kitty ; " Tony shall go over the hill after dinner, and fetch the Times, and take a line from Jenny to Marks to tell him to be more carefiil in future—the oldfellow is devoted to her interests." But before Tony's lessons were over, Mr. Campden himself arrived on horseback—he had come once or twice before, but always hitherto with his wife or daughter. "This is a great compliment, Mr. Campden," said Mrs. Dalton gratefully, " that you should come riding over in this way, when we know you hate riding." "I hope I should ride much farther than this, or walk either, my dear, to oblige you," was the reply, given with unusual earnestness. He had never called her " my dear" before. "I always thought you were a duck, Uncle George," said Kate. " I always said you were," said Jenny; " I had the courage of my opinion." " What is it you want of me, girls]" enquired Mr. Campden, but his voice was mechanical, and unaccompanied by the usual sly smile. "Well, I want tlie Times newspaper," said Mrs. Dalton. "I frankly tell you, Uncle George, I hoped you were come to repair a mistake that was made this morning, the Morning Chronicle was sent instead." " Dear me!" said Mr. Campden, " how stupid of -them. The fact is, we have such a lot of papers, and tliey get laid about so. But it shall not happen again." " There was nothing in the Times about—about Brazil or the Rio mail, Uncle George, was there?" enquired Mrs. Dalton. " Nothing, nothing, my dear,"answered Mr. Campden, turning very red. " I'm going up to the mere to see about some damage that has happened to the keeper's cottage from the wind." "Ay," said Mrs. Dalton with a shudder, "what winds there have been lately!" "They have been partial, however, very partial," continued Mr. Campden; " nothing seems to have suffered in the south. What do you say to a little walk to tlie lake side, Kate] If you will be my companion, I will put up the mare here, and go on foot." To this Kate gladly agreed, and Tony looked up eagerly from his book with, " May I come too, Uncle George?" " Well, no, my boy," returned Mr. Campden gravely, "it would be an interruption to your lessons, and just now it is expedient that you should buckle to." A faint flush came into Mrs. Dalton's face; it was the first time that Mr. Campden had alluded, even thus indirectly, to the changed circumstances of the family. " That is quite right," said she quietly. "But you can go down for a minute Tony, and see that Uncle George's horse is put in the stable, and some corn given to it." " Oh, never mind the corn," said Mr. Campden hastily, and then he got so red again that Jenny became red too, from sheer sympathy with his embarrassment Fortunately, at that moment Kitty, who had left the room, re-entered it, equipped for her walk, giving the squire an opportunity of complimentiug her upon the rapidity of her toilet, and after a few common - places, they took their departure. Over the bridge and past the church .yard they walked in silence, or only returned the greetings of the villagers, but as soon as they got clear of the hamlet, Mr. Campden addressed his companion with an unaccustomed tenderness and gravity. " Kitty, my dear, you are a brave girl,- I know; but I have got something to tell you that will try yoar courage." " Not about papa, Uncle George V' cried she with sudden vehemence. " Oh, don't say there is bad news about papa!" " Well, my darling, it may not be bad news at all, there may be really nothing in it; but it does concern your father." She did not answer, but he felt the arm within his own grow very heavy. "That is right, dear; lean on me; whatever happens, lean on me," said Uncle George encouragingly. 4 'You see although there may have been many causes to retard the ship in which your father sailed, the prevalent wind has been against it for one thing, and the wind makes a difference even to a steamer. It L without doubt overtime. That circum stance gives us anxiety, of course, and causes us to feel alarm, where perhaps there is no reason for alarm." "Yes, yes. But what has happened, j Uncle George ? I am sure something has ! happened." | "No, no; we are not sure of that, thank goodness. We can still hope for the j best. But a vessel has come into Liver- | pool that has fallen in with a lot of wreck I —not of the ship, not of the ship, Kitty. Here, sit down on the hill-side.—Good gracious, she will catch her death of cold," cried Mr. Campden helplessly. (" What the deuce shall I do with her V' added the squire privately, who was one of the clumsiest, as well -as the most amiable of men.) " Never mind me—I am better now, said Kitty slowly. " You said it was not the wreck of a ship'?" " Nor was it, my dear girl. It was only a bit of a boat belonging to the ship; the cutter, I think, they call it. You have seen how boats are swung upon deck, and how easy it must be for a big wave to sweep them off into the sea. That is what has probably happened in this case. The ship has lost a boat or two—that's all." "But how did they know the cutter belonged to papa's ship?" "Because it had Flamborough Head painted on the stern. There may be nothing in it; but that's why we didn't send the paper that had the paragraph in it on to the Nook." " How good and thoughtful you are for us, Uncle George!" said Kitty, who had risen to her feet, and was now walking slowly on. " Well, we must not put that item down to our own credit, Kitty. We might have taken the precaution or not. Perhaps we should have done so had the paragraph caught our eyes; but it might have escaped them. I am bound to say I think it was very considerate in Mr. Holt to telegraph and draw our attention to it. " Send on the Chronicle to Sanbeck," he wired; "the bad news is not in that." He is a sharp fellow, there is no doubt; and I begin to think he is a kind fellow." "It was very kind of him to telegraph," answered Kitty in a low tone. " Yes. Not one man in a thousand, as my wife says, would have thought of such a thing; and it shows the very strong interest he takes in you alL I don't think your father gave him quite credit for a good heart." Kitty did not reply to this; and they walked on in silence for a while. " I tiling, my dear, you are beginning to tire," said Mr. Campden presently; "it is ill walkins; upon bad news." " But we are not at the mere yet, Uncle George." "Oh, never mind tlie mere," answered the other, turning about towards home; "that was only my excuse for getting a walk with you alone. I thought it right that one member of your family at least should know what had happened/' " And when shall we know more, Uncle George?" " That is impossible to say, my dear. I hope the next Brazil mail may bring good tidings. Otherwise — otherwise, there will, no doubt, be grave cause for anxiety. You must try and hide your feelings from your mother, Kitty dear." " O yes, Uncle George; nobody shall see that I have her—her—heard anything; and she made a strenuous effort—which almost succeeded—to stifle a sob. " Yes, yes; you are a brave girl, and a clever one too. Now, as for me, I can never hide anything from Julia—I wish to heaven I could sometimes ! And just now, in your dear mother's presence, I felt like—I dont know what—a disconcerted pickpocket. It was the worst job I have had to do for many a day. She seemed to look through and through me, poor dear—as much as to say, 'How can you deceive me, and keep things back like this, Uncle George!' I can't see her again Kitty; I dare not. But if there is good news to bring, I'll bring it to her, at the best pace the mare can go. You must make some excuse for me to your mother; say my wife insisted on my being back to lunch—then she will understand I had to go." Poor Uncle George; his distress and embarrassment were so extreme that he was ready to part with this last rag of independence, even before society, with whom he had hitherto kept up some fiction of his being responsible for his own actions. Kitty let go of course; and as he got on his horse at the old " mountingstone" in the Nook yard (within view of them all, as she knew), shook hands with him gaily, and waved her handkerchief as he rode out under the archway. Then, putting on as cheerful a face as she could assume, she entered the house. On the narrow and ill rlit stairs stood Jenny, with her finger on her lips, as pale as a ghost. "Come into my room," she whispered; "mamma is tired, and has fallen asleep on the sofa; and Tony is at his sums." Kitty followed her, alarmed for her secret; her sister's eyes seemed to pierce; ler. j Jenny's room was a pleasant one in itsj way, though like others at the farmhouse low and .dark. . Books were on the table, the floor, the chairs, and even the little bed; her old desk was heaped with them; reading and writing had elbowed out the lacemaking, which, however, she still pursued in the parlour. "What news, Kitty ] I am sure there is bad news," were her first words as she closed the door. "No—nothing," faltered Kitty. "Don't deceive me, Kate; I mean, don't try at it. Do you suppose I am blind 1 Uncle George did not come here for nothing. Who ever saw him like that before, so nervous and ill at ease. Was it like him to tell Tony to remain within doors? Of course he had something private to tell you; some misfortune—something about papa." Kitty burst into tears. " Yes, Jenny, he had." Then, as well as she could, she told her. She had wept but little before Mr. Campden; sympathy of the passionate sort was wanting between them, and she had a reputation for courage to keep up; but now she broke down utterly. "Hush!" said Jenny warningly; " mamma will hear you." Her voice was firm, her eyes were tearless. Kitty thought she must have some hope. " You think with Uncle George, dear, that the boat must have been washed overboard,"said she eagerly—"that nothing has happened tothesliip itself?" " No, I don't," was the cold reply. " But you don't think the steamer has gone down, Jenny,", continued her sister pleadingly; " things will not surely be so bad as that" - ; "My thinking will not alter them, Kitty. They have been bad enough hitherto. One thing I confess I am sur prised at, that Mr. Campden should have had the forethought to keep back the Times; that was a piece of prudencje beyond Uncle George, and an act of tenderness (as I should have thought) beyonid his wife." I "It was Mr. Holt's doing, Jenny," said Kitty. "He telegraphed to Riverside to put them on their guard about the paragraph." "O indeed; that explains the matter." " It was very thoughtful of Mr. Holtwas it not, Jenny ?" " Certainly. But no one ever accused him of want of forethought. He is a mail who lays his plans very far ahead, I reckon." "Jenny, darling, what makes you so hard ? Surely, at a time like this " " Hard ? I am not hard," broke in the other. " It is you, Kitty, who are too soft. Do you suppose that this man cares one farthing about dear papa or mamma, or even about you, except so far as you concern himself? Do you suppose he took Jeff because he liked him, or out of charity, or from any good motive of any kind ? No. He did it because he hoped to melt your heart towards himself; in hopes that you would say, 'How thoughtful and kind Mr. Holt is!' Just what you have said, in fact." "O Jenny, how can you talk of Mr. Holt now, with such sad news knelling in our ears !" " That is the very thing that makes me so bitter against him. At the first tidings of danger to dear papa, this man puts himself forward, presses himself upon your attention. He knows Mrs Campden is backing him." " And yet, if he had not telegraphed, Jenny; and the Times had come, and mamma had read the paragraph " "True, it would have killed her. Pardon me, Kitty," said Jenny, throwing her arms about her sister's neck, " I have been unjust and harsh. One has no right to disbelieve in good, for that means in God. Perhaps it is all for the best, but we have been greatly tried of late, and we are feeble folk, like the conies, a few women and a child. It has seemed hard to me, that's all. I have known about papa for weeks; that is, that the ship has been spoken of at Lloyd's as overdue. Jeff wrote to say so." " O Jenny, how could you keep such a dreadful secret to yourself?" " Because it was needful, Kitty, as it is needful now to keep this one. I believe that mamma suspects something even now. She was no more deceived by Uncle George than I was." " But, Jenny, if she asks me?" " She will ask nothing. She will be as dumb as an Indian at the stake. She will know that we have good reasons for being silent, and that will be enough for her. She is a saint and a martyr, and yet not a martyr for any purpose. I mean ' unmerciful disaster' pursues her ' fast and ever faster,' without any reason, except it be to show the futility of being good." ' O Jenny, don't say that. The ways of Providence are inscrutable." 'I think I have heard that remark before. For my part, Kitty, I derive no comfort from such commonplaces. You will presently tell me that we may be even worse off than we are. Mamma may die, for example, as well as papa be drowned. Then you will say, like the Job's comforters of whom the poet speaks, that Death is common to the race,] His reply was, if you remember— Arid common is the commonplace, And vacant chaff well meaut for grain. I confess that I agree with liiin." " O, Jenny, do not be so bitter. I am sure, I am quite sure that if dear 'mamma knew it, it would distress her almost as much as this sad news to-day." " You are quite right, Kitty; that is because she is an angeL You only think what she has suffered! Is Fate a coward, think you, that it should thus heap blow on blow on one like her, so helpless and so innocent, or how is it ?" " The riddle of the painful earth" was growing too much for this poor girl,, as it does grow once or twice in a lifetime for most of us, and for some, alas! all their hard lives through. Her thin hand , was clenched, her frail frame trembled, her large soft eyes flashed defiance^—at the Universal Law. There was one thing excusable about this poor impotent mutineer —that she was not in rebellion on her own account. No one had ever heard her, cripple and invalid though she was, utter one impatient word with respect to her own condition. These bitter reproaches against Fate—the sceva indignatio that Swift felt upon his own account, and would have had sculptured on his tombstone—were all for her mother's sake; she reviled the Inevitable,- as the ten flutters her feathers in the face! of the cruel fox because her young, not hepself, are menaced. Mrs. Campden used to say of Jenny that she had an undisciplined mind; one of those severe but sagacious remarks, that even the shallowest people will bring forth sometimes, who are always talking, and always with the view of making themselves more or less disagreeable." 0 ; Kate herself, as we heard upon the occasion of our first introduction , to her, was by no meais one who had accepted life without question, or concluded it easy-going for eveiybody, because "the way had been always until recently made smooth for her; but Jenny's revolt was so decided that it shocked liter into propriety of opinion, as a respectable Whig, finding himself in Radical company,; will shake his head, turn short round,- and retrace his steps. In argument, .she knew her sister-was too strong for her, so she wisely avoided it. " My dear Jenny, all these things .are too difficult for me," said she frankly. " Of course I am well aware that dear mamma does not deserve to suffer, for if she does, who on earth would escape suffering, as certainly some folks ' do? Perhaps she suffers, as she , does evierything else, for the sake of - other pepple— of you and me, for instance. In the end, she will be among the blessed for ever, but in the meantime she is martyred 1 for our sake, being a lesson to us of obedience and submission to the will of God such as we should never learn elsewhere. One may say, if this be so, it must be cruel to wish her to remain with us, and yet' we are both so selfish that we cannot bear to think of parting with so sweet a teacher." " That is true,. at all events," said Jenny softly. "I will go to her now, lest our absence should excite her suspicions. I shall say that I have seen you, and that Uncle George is gone. Kiss me, Kitty." The two sisters embraced tenderly; they had never had the quarrels that sisters do—thanks, perhaps, to- Jenny's condition. If Fate was resolute to be bard upon them, it would at least find them united. TELEGRAPHIC NEWS.—The European news just received via Tones Straits is of considerable interest, although there is of course no late intelligence from the 1 seat of war. Li connection with Turkish affairs we leam that Sir Charles Wentworth Dilke, in addressing a meeting of electors at Notting Hill,. read an important letter received by • him from an official in Bulgaria, which fully confirmed the accounts of the recent atrocities. Pius the Ninth has, it appears, admonished all good Catholics to support the Turkish Empire against the insurgents. This, if true, is a most extraordinary proceeding, though not inconsistent with the traditions of the Papacy. More trouble is in store for the Sultan. Crete is on the verge of another revolution, and an appeal to the Great Powers is considered imminent. We are glad to observe that the labours of the recent Commission on the slave trade have not been thrown away. A new Admiralty Slave Circular has been issued, which seems to give general satisfaction and to be in consonance with the traditional policy of England on the subject. The state of affairs in China is far from satisfactory. Another of those atrocious massacres of the native Christian population which appear to break out periodically has taken place. It is also said that an agitation is on foot to murder or drive out all the Christians from the country. If this is so, the authorities in the English settlements will have to be oh the alert, or the massacre at Cawnpore may find its counterpart in Hongkong. We trust that the news may prove to be exaggerated; but should such not be the case, we have no doubt the Chinese will find the extermination of the English settlers by no means an easy matter. ENQCIM UNDER THE WATERWORKS ACT.—* The decision of the Justices, Messrs. T. Playford M.P., and F. Hannaford. M.P., in the enquiry re the liability of the Commissioner of Public Works to construct certain works on the property of Mr. A. F. Boord, of Fresihford. was given on Tuesday, October 3, at the Earl of Zetland Hotel, Flinders-street. The Justices found that the Commissioner was liable to do most of the works asked for by Mr. Boord, in order to put him fully in possession of his former water privileges, but ruled that the bridge at what is known as the Mill site was not necessary. They also ordered that the informants costs to the amount of £30 should be paid by the Commissioner. REAL PROPERTY OFFICE.—With reference to Mr. B. E. Ueiand's complaint of delay in the Lands Titles Office, we are officially informed that Mr. Deland has only himself to blame, since he, through his solicitor, has not yet furnished the office with the information required to enable his lands to be brought under the Act. THE THEATRE.—The pantomime was repeated on Tuesday, October 3, and will be again repeated to-night. !•* We are requested by J. Jackman, 48 and SO, JLng William-street, Adelaide, to inform Viators from the country and the Public that the alterations are now completed, consisting of a Gentlemen's Commercial Dining-room (upstairs), also a separate Boom for Ladies only (upstairs), fitted up in the latest style. " Opened from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. ?10mwfo 