NEW HEBRIDES MISSION On Sunday last the Rev. Jno. G.Paton, missionary to An iwa, New Hebrides, held services at Launceston in behalf of the New Hebrides Mission. In the morning he preached at St. Andrôw's Church, the Rev. Mr Budge taking the first part of the service. Mr Paton's text was Matt. xxviii, chap., 18th to 20th verses, "And Jesus came and spoke unto them, saying, ' All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth ; go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.' Amen." The rev. gentleman preached at Chalmers Church in the evening, the first part of the. ser vice being conducted by the Rev. J. Lindsay, pastor of the Church. ?£l te iL was t ? ken from Acts xiv. chap., 26th, 27th, and 28th verses, " And thence sailed to Antioch, from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled. And when they were come, and had gathered the church together, they rehearsed all that God had done with them, and how ^lL° Pen ! d i h \ door o£ f aith unto the SSwlt'fc / nd J. there t^ey abode long ti-ne with the disciples." In the afternoon a juvenile missionary meeting was held at St. Andrew's Church, at which the following Sunday Schools were represented by scholars and teachers :-St. Andrews and Chalmers (Presbyterian), ttie Wesleyan, and Tamar-street and Princes Square (Congregational). The body of the Church, including aisles, was fully 0CCUp iedi Th| Rev. Mr Budge read out the hymns, amongst which was that popular one of Mr Sankey's, "Hold the Fort," and the ™ Lindsay offered prayer. The xVr . ? aton greatly interested the youthful audience by the information he afforded on the subject of the Dayspring schooner, and the different mission stations, and his address abounded with telling anecdotes illustrative of mission work. He urged that the scholars belonging to each school should take collasting cards, and assist the mission by obtaining donations. There was, he said, a more Missionaries, as a great and effectual door was opened for preaching the Gospel in several of the islands. mers Church when the Rev. Mr Paton supplemented the information previously given, and interested the congregation by fresh anecdotes and incidents, showing the power of the Gospel in abolishing cannibalism, advancing civilisation, and making converts. He particularly adverted to the useful employment of native teachers, the dangers to which the missionaries and agents were exposed, the providential deliverances they had experienced, and the numerous trophies of success in the nature of conversions and additions to church members, which had encouraged them in their work. Also, the injury done by the slave trade, which was not repressed, as many supposed. The total amount collected on Sunday and Monday evening was—St. Andrew's, morning £12 8s, afternoon £9 6s, total £21 14s ; Chalmer's, Sunday evening £10, last evening £5, total £15. grand total, £36 14s. Mr Paton proceeded to Hobart Town by train on Tuesday, and _ he was present at a united meeting in connection jwith the mission held on Tuesday evening at St. John's Presbyterian Church, Macquarie-street, the |Rev. Dr. Nicolson presiding. On Sunday next Mr Paton will conduct special missionary services at Chalmers and St. Andrew's Churches, and there will be a united children's service at the Town Hall on Sunday afternoon. We have been favored with „ copy of thé annual, report. ..of. the Dayspring (late Paragon), which cost £3800, and is a three-masted schooner p f 160 tons register, and built "after the the model of the well-known Aberdeen ships." Her dimensions are as follow :— Length from stem to stern, 110ft ; main breadth, 20ft ; depth of hold, • 10ft 4in. She has been kept in active service during the whole of the sailing season ; she has accomplished all her voyagies successfully, and has been of invaluable use in many ways in the carrying on of the mission work in the islands. The report gives details of the Mission work at Aneityum, Fortuna, Tanna, Aniwa, Erromanga, Efate, Erakoy, Pango, Nguna, and the other islands. The statistics are as follows :—European missionaries, 11; native teachers, 85; stations and out- stations,49; church attendants, 2644 ; communicants, 814 ; schools, 86 ; scholars, 2433. There is also a list of contributions for the purchase and maintenance of the Dayspring by the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, New Zealand, and Tasmania, those for Tasmania being £48 18s 2d. 