miscellaneous. M . " " .. The journeyman tailor who fell in love de- I cided not to press his suit, and was discharged. | Why are cents separated from dollars by a I point ? To make sense, of course. Don't you 1 see the point? I Ik England the death-rate of men is highest I ymnng hackney coachmen, and liquor-sellers | come — or rather go — next. G'. l. 1 " My dear wife, I wish you would try to J keep your temper." " My dear husband, 1 1 wish you would try to get rid of yours." | " Bass prefer deep water," says a sporting J writer. That accounts for the expression j M basB-o profundo," we suppose. I The entire assets of a recent bankrupt were j cine children. The creditors acted magnani- 1 mously, and let him keep them. 1 Gentlemen who smoke allege that it makes them calm and complacent. They tell us the I more they fume, the less they fret. I Judge : " Have you anything to offer to the I Court before sentence is passed on you ?" I Prisoner : " No, judge. I had lOdol., hut my lawyers took that." The first pugilists on record— The Hit-tites. A man with a cast in his eye — The sculptor. ' A fashionable but illiterate lady, who was travelling on the Continent, in writing to a friend, said that she had just seen the " museum of iniquities" in Genoa. j A Yankee describing an opponent whose ! person was extremely thin, says : — I will .tell you hat,< sir,Ahat man don't amount to a sum in.arithmetic ; cast him up, and there's nothing to cany." A coloured preacher, in translating to his hearers the sentence " The harvest is over, the season is ended, and thy soul is not saved," put it, " De oorn has been cribbed, dere ain't any I more work, and de debbil is still foolin' wid dis community." " Sure," cried an Irishman, " and I'm heir to a splendid estate under my father's wilL When he died, he ordered my brother to I divide the linns wid me unii. hv St. Patrick. I — » | — j i he did it— for he tuck the inside himself, and I j gavo me the outside." 1 I Professor " What, can't translate that! I passage? You must be very ignorant of the! I simplest knowledge of Greek." Student : " I'm I I not as ignorant as you (he coughed, and after a I I pause, added) think I am." I I A colours expounder of the Scriptures re- I I ceutly created quite a flurry among some of the I I female portion of his congregation by suddenly j I branching off in this way " Now! want to I I say a word to de sisters. When you has a I washin' to do somewhar, . and you gets done, I jst you clean up, and go right home, and don't I stan' 'round loomn' whar you can find a little I coffee, or a little sugar, or a little something I else to put into yo pockets; Go right home I irhen you's done wid that washin'." "My son," said an affectionate mother to her I son, who lived a little way from her, and ex- 1 pec ted; haj a; Abort time to get married, "you are getting very thin." " Yes,, mother,' he implied, " 1 am, and when I come next I think you will see my rib." "Doctor," "skid a lady to Mier physician, I "'don't 'you think the smaffi bonnets that -the- laftiea Whar now-a-days have a tendency' to pro- duce congestion of the brain ?" <r No madam ; I Jere you see one of those bonnets there is np brain to congest."- ' j, > 1 : Mr. Snapper,\,as I saw yon at church last Sunday, tell \ me what yen think «f our new preacher." Snapper : " I think he 1 yoMd be a first-class ' martyr iab the ''stake.' I Ujjr : " Why so, Shipper : I Because he iseo vety -d' i " Well, "Pat," saidan indulgent master to 1 his coachman, who had Ljust been describing the glories of a St. Patrick s' day dinner, " was 1 ??ur appetite sated ?" " Sated, is it, your 1 -nouour ? Sure an' it wasn't. Ithad tosntana j 1 up along wid meself moBt of the time." I 1 , <kANsks- oity German gbfc angry with a J banker of that place for- demanding a heavy 1 1 oaut, and when the .banker .asserted it was. j 1 vhusines£L " replied : " Pimiiess ? pismess? ! I at in nfere all day and rob a barefaced I 1 P«>rehis back, and calls that pisiness ?" 1 1 youkq. clergyman, whose reputation fdr I I waaaioue of the bast, ventured to /differ 1 9 ith au«6MDoCter io£ Divlmty <ah to thie pro- I I whipping children. "Why," said' he, I 9 & oaly time my father whipped me was for 9 telling the truth," "Well retorted the 9 r» " curedycu ofiti it ?" j 1 Pennsylvania has potato-bugs, and I Alvv 4 husbandman in- drab wanders I !!! ®iden be remarks feelingly tobus l I »i " Verily,/ MlWtha the spirit almost I 2Vea ®e to eject , with vehemence sundry of I !je1Tlant phrases common with the lost ones 01 the world's people/ i ! i! I "Can yu change ."William, forme!"! ayoung man who presented £50 bill at the hi i A tt recentl "(yes." %iid thhiefi " but! withttoW icwl ita Bill, was: the quick trebly. - ; > 1 a playrr performing the (Jbost in < Hamlet T7 bafly W muchfiLsedT but, aEter.bearSg,; he. put "the audieiice in good nfoSL j stepping forward and saying, . 1 o i. 1 8entlemen. I am extremely sorty tS!l JSf endeavours i to please you are upsUCCessful, but if you are - not satisfied I must give up the ghost." i unddumb men have a very poor chance j' , 'One -of them went to a farmhouse, and when asked what he wanted, put his hand 'u to got a pencil, and was instantly snot ny the iarmer, who thought his visitor -was feeling for a pistol. j There are, it is reported) prospects of a royal christening m the Sandwich Islands shortly. But thifak of the minister's consternation on saying to the- parents,' " Name this child," and receiving reply, <e The Princess Victoria Hewekin Kaiulaui LniialiioTCfllaniniiia.'hila.pnlpa Oleghorni" ' ( , ,i. . j A YRAVEpiiER was lately boasting of the luxury of arriving atf night, after a hard .day's jpurney, to partake of a well-cut ham and the lpft leg of a. goose: " Pray," sir, what is the peculiar luxury of a left leg ?" " Sir, to con vince its luxuiy, you must find that it is the only leg that is left.". The clarionet is not a solo instrument. By an advertisement in a. Belgian paper it is shown what it must accompany. " Wanted, in a mirror factory, a little clarionet player, who Would be able to act as second leader, conduct at the plane, drive the cart of the firm, and take a hand in out-door affairs." t AnnnRmwa a. finlnmia it. ,i _ — w — vuiwgw ucwopapci, buere is in that city a booth in which is exhibited "a bearded lady. " At the entrance is stationed a girl to take money. , Decently a visitor, having feasted his eyes on the strange phenomenon, Blinking on his departure to have a joke with tfce little moneytaker, said to her, fondling her Under the chin, the while, " Well, little one, I suppose the bearded woman is your mammaj eh ?" " No, sir," replied the child, " she is my papa." L Sunday morning ; the church bells are ringing, and he stands at the bottom of the sjfcairs and yells out to her, " Will you ever get ready ?" Sfie pretends not to hear him until he yells again, and then- she yells back as loud as she can, " You know very well I'm ready ; but if I'd ever supposed that we was going in sio early, and me in my new black silk, I'd never 'a put it on." And she stood before the looking-glass and gave way to her grief. ! At Durham assizes a deaf old lady, who had brought an action for damages against a neigh- hour, was being examined, when the judge sug- I gested a compromise, and instructed counsel to ask what she would take to settle the matter. ' His lordship wants to know what you will take ?" asked the learned counsel, bawling as loud as he could in the old lady's ear. " I thank his lordship kindly," answered the ancient dame ; " and if it's no ill-conwenience to him, I'll take a little warm ale !" I 1 A rich German wished to show his apprecia- I tion of a great friend of his, a celebrated poet, I and te carry out his intention he gave a dinner I m his honour. There were, of course, a great I piany people present, all admirers of Herr N., I (he popt. Dinner being over, some guests of a I poetical turn of mind, begged Herr N. in glow- ing-terms, -to- read seme of his poems. After av I little protestation he yielded, but the host was I observed to show .great uneasiness, the cause of I vhich became apparent when "Herr N.'s poems I were called for. Alas, the rich man had not a I 6opy of his dear friend's works ! There was I great consternation and much secret laughter j among the company. However, the host was I equal to the trying occasion. He sent his I servant out to get the book — not to the book- I seller though, but to the circulating library. 