TOO WOOMBA, JULY 19, 1876. j -FSBIO: TKGO.' I Tue first scene of the political drama lias been played off mid meek applause aud not a little derision. There are not, nor have there been for several years, those broad lines of demarca tion between Liberalism and Conserva tism that we were once wont to see among our leaders aud their followers. The risk, therefore, of 'a return to ]-ower of Mr. Paluer and Mr. Tuomp son lias been reduced, we believe, to a minimum. The Courier, iu a late article, very truthfully we believe, ob serves : — ' The old squatting party is 'extinct. Its sentiments are mere ' matters of history to-day. Its ' memory would almost have faded ' away were it not that it has suited ' politicians of the Gbiffith order to ' keep a sham ghost of it walking as a ' scare for the ignorant, who' other ' wise might look too closely into the 'relative merits of individuals. To 'every sensible man, who has the ' capacity to think for himself, it is ' obvious that no Government which 'nhould attempt to revive and give 'effect to the principles of bygone 'squatting monopoly would retain 'otflce for a week, no matter how 'farorable might be their apparent 'opportunity. The unanimous voice 'ot tlie country would overwhelm ' thoai before they could turn the 'keys iu the Ministerial despatch ' boxes.' At the present moment our true political situation commands interest ing and extensive material on which all true lovers of the fame and nro greus of our adopted or native country H must feel more than ordinary interest. H lr is plain to see that not only the H Cabinet but the House also is divided H against itself. It can hardly be said H that we have even a dozen represents- ? tivcH in the House who have a decided H aud fixed policy on which to act as a H party cohesive enough to carry on the H business of the country. Mr^TnoBN, S formerly of the Conservative .party, H tried to* the uttermost of his ability to ? make the best of his anomalous posi- * H tion, but he proved an inefficient ? debater, and cannot be said to have H strengthened his own party by it, nor H to have taken a tiufficient stand to ? quiet his opponents. There has been H t;trou-;h the mssss too much ' ehilly- ? sltallying' with various members of ? the House, and ostensibly so with ? Messrs. PffiirtGREw and M'Ilwbaith. ? T h at cri tic of critics, London Punch, ? some years ago, when party spirit ran fl very high iu the old country, published H a remarkably satirical cartoon of Heb I Majesty on the throne, and Lord ? John Russell with a boot in the left H hand and a blacking-brush in his right, I supplicating her tor ' the situation. ' ? Heb Mjljestt, looking down with her ? usual benign and graceful sympathy, I and patting him 011 his head, replied : . ? — ' Joiixnt, my boy,- 1 am afraid you ? are not strong enough for the place.' ? Exchanging the veteran Premier of ? the British Parliament for the ap- ? preutice in our own, we think we have ? hit on a truthful counterpart. I We are quite willing to admit that ? Mr. Thobn has commenced well with ? his reforms in the Bailway Depart- ? meat; aud, if they could be depended ? upon, his promises for a new Land ? Bdl and Shires Council Bill ire likely ? to prove very acceptable to persons ? resident in the agricultural dietricts. I But we eeriouBly elitertain tHe epinion I that his unpopularity ♦ among those I known as true Liberals, and t^e dis- ? trust he is held in % his old party W asBociates (the OppdeittrA), yfill blight 'm nil Ilia lintuu ann UL ViuiiiL..^il1 M evaporate as map bubbles on the! 1 breere. We^fcar, 'indeed, that the , 1 machinery of GoTpminent in ^uBens- ? .land is -e 0 out «l««ar that thb P«E- I MIBB willettpWirje^fereatffiffiiJulty 1 in providing £&|r its ^ttpair. He may 9 fy:iVr'-v; ??? .?' -, ^%a^--'-m ?? .- ~im jfj4i:*-!.».Jj.:jj'-*K^'i ?t.i.v.jji- ? ..'???? ? '' . .1 s '. J. V, ?'?'. ,.'..;^*jffli ' tie wnflaenw motion -nproW% deterrfioft-fc6';direct'on w arrange JBentof fbepieoes wliirtli aredoBtinod .to influence the rtippiv't'on M the *»«'-1ic estate ; and wntnist-- th$.t in iff ' dnliberntWmB die Houwwill liojtuWed . with a dpsire to preserve tlie lands for settlement, and to lepplate (or tMb welfare of all parts of Hie colony. 