lovfs vreroBYr ATJTHOB OF 'THK KING OF NO -LAND,' ETC. CHiPTBR Iir. RISBY. TEB HAI.L-POBKB So absorbed was Mr.ChappeU in his reflections, that he did not hear a soft knock at the door It was a knock, e! timidity— a knock deferential . and Bubtnissive-Badit m repeated wer*! times \- . before the sound reached .Mi. ChappeU'e ears; when it did he raised hi i head, with the air of one te whom tb- uncertain and hesitating plea for ao miseion ^aa familial, He did sot reply imme diately, aad thp timid knock was ag∈ repeated. Occasionally!* msoSiheirt gets into hiavery knuckles. ? *? fe?\ -;- ' Come in,' said Mr.TShappeU. There entered Rigby, tap ??hall-porter of the establishment, whose spare and shrinking: figure was familiar to aU the customers of- the baak, A man whs, «s be sat upon his stool, pale andt*ad bent, feemed ever to be wrapt ih.the retrospectidii of a life oat of which all hope had been .crushed long years ago. Between tagoj ana cmjnsBwr there could not have been a year's difference in age, but a greater contrast than that which existed between the two men could not be well imagined. Rigby looked at least fifteen years his master's senior ; his face was {arrowed with wrinkled and deep lines, and bore also some marks of dissipa tion ; in his eyes dwelt' a spirit of suffering ; his clothes were shabby, and his hands were anxiously restless; altogether a worn end broken man. A tbe time of bis entrance, his features bore an ex pression evidently foreign to them— a singular ex pression of mingled shame and triumph of humi liation and a hope fulfilled which had long been deferred. His lips trembled, and he could scarcely utter the words he attempted to speak. : ' Mr. Chappell— sir,' he said, and then was silent from agitation. ' Well Bigby ?' replied Mr. Chappell. ? I took the liberty -the liberty, sir ? ? Mr. Ghappell wheeled his chair suddenly to wards the hall-porter, and after a moment's Btern observance of him exclaimed in a severe tone, ? I am sorry to sae you in this condition, Bigby ? Are you not ashamed of yourself ?' ? Yes, sir ; bnt y»u are mistakes ; I am not— not druak, sir.' The laugh to which Mr. Chappell gave utterance pUi^ly expressed his disbelief in his servant's sobriety. The old man's cheek flushed, but in a moment was white again. ' It is true, sir ; I am not drank.' 'You have besn drinking, and yet are not drnnk, eh? That is what you want me to be lieve.' 't-had one g)as6 before I came in, sir— only one.' The banker, sleek and smooth, carefully dressed and trim, a church-going man who occupied one of the be6t pews ('which pews are nearest to heaven, I wonder?)— in brier, a gentleman, as all the world and his wife knew and acknowledged— threw himself back in his arm-chair, and laughed again — a laugh which would have raised the anger of any person but one thoroughly omened and broken down. . All that Digby did in response was to raise hie hand, feebly and deprecatingly, as though to ward off a blow, and to plead timidly, ' You may believe me, sir, you may indeed.' ' As I have believed you before, eh, Rigby, and with the same resnlt V - 'No, sir; I know my failings, notwithstanding that I have been unable to conquer them. I had one little drop of brandy to give me courage. I was compelled to take it. I should have not been able to stand in your presence, and say what I have to Bay, without it. You asked me if I am not asbamed of myself. I am, sir. But I have been ashamed and disgraced for many years, and if it had not been for a little drop of brandy now and then, I should not bare bees able to bear my load. I should have gone mad.' ' You would wish me to believe, I suppose,' said Mr. Chappell, in an insolent and accustomed tone of superiority, ' that it was a good and wise thing for you to take to drink ?' ' It was neither good nor wise, sir,' replied Bigby very humbly. ' I do not wish you to believe any thing, sir -that is1 ('correcting himself quickly) '.anything it displeases you to believe. If there is '.difference of opinion between us on any point — pardon me, sir, for placing myself .by your side even in this way— you must be right, and I wrong. I know it, to a y shame and sorrow. Our lives are the best proof of it.' ' That I am right and you are wrong on this par ticular paint could not be more evident than it is,' said Mr. Chappell complacently. 'Why look at the difference between us— you seem old enough to be my father.' ? Yet, sir, we were born in the same year, and went to the same school, if you will pardon me.' (Mr. Chappell received the record .of this coinci dence with a lofty motion of his hand which ex pressed; ' Tdere railly are some circumstances in our lives for which we are not accountable.') Kijby proceeded : ' I wish to speak to you upon a matter of importance.' ' Be as brief as ou can, Bigby.' ' I will, si:.' The old man placed his hand on (he back of a c'uair, to steady himself ; he was in u state of great agitation, and his words did not oo3ie freely. 'May I beg of you to carry your mind back to a time— ah! how many years ago? when you, I, and my brother- — ' I Mr. Chappell interrupted him with a strange fierceness. ' How dare you refer to him Bigby ?' he cried. ' How dare you ?' ' I'doubt if I should have had the courage to do so, sir,' replied Bigby meekly, 'if I had not taken a gl8ss of brandy. Now you cut understand why I did it, sir. But I must say what I have come to say.' ' Go on, then,' said-Mr. Chappell haughtily. ' Well, sir, at that time we three young men— you, I, and' my brother— were fellow-clerks in this bank. We were all equal, then, were equally trusted, equally ambitious to rise, and had equal chances in the world. I had my day-dreams, then, sir ; I built my castles, if you will deign to re member, for we sometimes talked together of the future. My castles soon dissolved, yours were built upon surer foundation. Yet I have since thought that mine misrht have Droved to ba some thing more than air had a dread misfortune not fallen upon me. I loved my brother, and he loved tue, I think. Whatever good fortune came to either of us the other was to share. In my mind, at that time, there was no one comparable to him, shrewd clever, and good as we believed, I sasv his future clear and bright before him. You know how it all turned out, sir.' 'Shamefully ! shamefully 1' exclaimed Mr. Chap pelL ' As you say, sir, shamefully, shamefully ! (tee fatal day— fatal to me and to [my hopes, fatal to him and his ambition— defalcations were dja^b ''verett4a -&j;:Jteoth?r'?. department, t,,6»S 'shortly afterwards he stood in a imGi's dock, charged with embezzling money of the bank. The evidence againt him was clear, and he waB transported for ' JJispr.eefal circumstance 1' ' It was so, sir; and his offence was aggravated by hi* after conduct/ ? in what way, Eigby ?' irquired .Mt. Chap pall, with the air of one who haa but an indistinct recollection of the details. 1 iu thid very room — you were not present, sir, aud may not have heard it, although it was known to many— the head of the house offered to pardon my brother, or rather nor to prosecute him, if he would make a full and free confession of the crime. I begged him to accept the mercifull offer. He replied with a strange and bitter laugh that ho had nothing to confess, and the police were called in. What became of the money no one t-new, and iiB refused to tell. He did not drink, be did not gamble ? ' ' ?ju far as we know, Bigby,' interrupted Mr. Chappell; in'jgehtle correction. 'A man nay hare vices which he conceals from his friends.' 4 It is true, sir. Be might have speculated, hop ing to win a fortune quickly, when he could re placa the mosey; 'It was a large Bum, sir, if yon remember. But bo word ever fell bom bis lips that save a cine as to how it was disposed of. At that time he was engaged te a girt whose father's circumstances were net good, but it is certain that they did not benefit by his crime.' Again Mr. Chappeu gently interposed. .. ?Cm we be certain of thatr1 Doss my memory serve me aright when. I say that this girl dis appeared shortly after the tnalP Or is it af sney P There were bo many rumours afloat,' 'You are correct, sir; the girl did disappear after the trial, but she may hive been glad to fly from a spot fraught with such bitter memories. I think that she and her father were ignorant of the crime until my brother was arrested.' ?'? We never know, Bigby, we never know. It is so easy to assume a semblance of innocence. Do we not see this every day of our lives ?' 1 You are right, sir, unfortunately. But I have nivar fnnrattan the desiiair and aennv of the nonr girl when she came to know if tbe news was true. She had a sincere love for him— hut all who knew him lovealim. They could not help it, his nature was bo frank, bo generous ? ' The cold look which Mr. Chappell cast upon him checked him here; he corrected himself swiftly, and with increased humbleness proceeded. ' I am not pleading for him, sir ; I have nothing to say in extenuation. He wrecked hie own hap piness — here— mine and I, hia brother, admit that his punishment was Just. He was banished for life from the country in which he hoped to win a name and position; I remained, broken down by his crime and his disgrce— lor who would asscoiate with the brother of a felon P and you, sir, the only one of three, rose, as you deserved to rise, and be came the head of the house which my b rother and I, through him, had wronged.' ? My good Bigby,' said Mr. Chappell, in a sof tened tone, and with a gracious wave of his hand, in token that his servant had amply atoned for his previous warmth. 'After the trial,' proceeded |Bigby, the princi pals consulted as to their course of action with respect to me. I understood that no suspicion ex ieted in their minds that I was implicated in my brother's crime : others were not as just in their opinions. But although .the partners might not have suspected me, I was a disgraced maa, and they decided that they could not retain my ser vice!. I was on the point of being dismissed from the bank with deserved ignominy, when, in chari table memory of old times, you begged that I should not be thrown upen the world. At your intercession the partners were merciful. It was impossible that I should be allowed to remain in a position of trust, where money would pass through my hands. . They removed me from the offise desk, and gave me the position of hall porter.' * Which you have held ever since,' observed Mr. Chappell,' cheerfully. ' Which I have held ever since, as you say, sir. Which I might hold, I hare no doubt, until death took the poor hall-porter from your bank door. I have come now, sir, to resign that situation.' Mr. Chappell sat bolt upright in his chair, in astonishment. ' Eesign, Bigby !' he exclaimed. 'Nay, nay, I am perfece:y satisfied with you. If I have spoken irritably to you lately, I have been much worried, and I may have done 30 unossciouBly ; forget it and do not do a foolish thing. You must not throw yourself upon the world at your age. Think better of it. You are not yourself just now.' 'I have thought well over it, sir; I placs my resignation in your hands, and I hope you will find a faithful man to fill my place.' Mr. Chappell shrugged his shoulders. ' You know best, I suppose. How are you to live F ' That is provided for, sir.' 'Well,' said Mr. Chappell, in a tone} of indiff erence, ' if it must be, it must be, You have good reasons, doubtless, tor your action.' 'I have, sir.' The banker turned to his pacers with a busy air, as though the matter was settled, and the in terview at an end. Bat Bigby Btill lingered, wait ing for Mr, Chsppell to give him his attention. ' You have said all you have to say, I presume,' sbserved Mr. Chappell presently in the midst of his occupation. ' No, sir. There is something more, if you will kindly hear me.' ' fie speedy, then; lam buBy.' ' I will not detain you long, sir. I want you to believe that I hive never forgotten your kindness :o me. After my brother left this country, a felon, : had but one purpose in life, to repay the money le had embezzled, and thus redeem, in some neasure, the honour of our family, for it was an lonoured name, as you know, sit, until that fatal ime.' It was impossible for Mr. Chappell to assume ndifference in presence of the simple earnestness if his old servant's words and manner, and it waB n a kindlier and more sympathetic tone that he 1 lid, 'Nay, nay, my good Bigby, do not say any thing more on the subject, It ia buried and for gotten.' ' It is neither, sir,' responded Bigby solemnly. Shatne sleeps sometimes, but never dies. We can not bury it out of sight. It rises from the grave tike the ghost of retn jrse,; and compels ; us to look into its eyes. In the dead of night, when no sound can be heard, when no being cm be -eeen, it steals to our side, and whispers to us. I have heard it ! [ have seen it, with darkness all around me. My brother's shame case its shadow over me, and made me ? what I am. Condemned to bear the burden of his shame, with all eyes gazing at me, I was strengthened by one intense and earnest desire; a desire to pay the debt, if I may be par doned for calling it so. Animated by this resolve, I pinched, I lived sparely, I almost starved my self to save. But what could I lay by oui of the wages of a hall-porter P It would have needed ten lifetimes to save the money. I was in despair ; but still I contrived to save a little, a very little, and had the intention of leaving it to the bank when I died. Suddenly, as though in answer to my prayers, help bae come, how and from whom I am not at liberty to say; and before twenty-four hours have passed over my held, this very morn ing, perhaps, I shall be able to pay into your hands the sum which my brother embezzled.' Mr. Chappell reflected in silence upon this unex pected statement. The money would be useful to him, but thensanEerof acquiring it was so strange' and he had, in truth, been bo much afiected.jjyJlis old servant's story, that be wasmnyedto aii act of magnanimity, for it w«- ESgnanimous even to jeopardise. bV a.-fU'm umiria en -,.-,;!„ „„» spoken, tifr-fgeeipt of this unexpected wind JftJJ: — ' There is no occasion f -r the paymeni of the money,' he said; 'it is not you who own it. Besides, the debt is cancelled ; it .was written off the books a score of years ago.' ? flat it is not written off my heart,' cried Big by, with fierce eagerness. ' Do you think I have not suffered during my service to the bank P Do you thick I can enjoy peace, if it ever come to me, until the bank books show that there is nothing standing against the name I bear, and until it is known that I, a broken-down old man, have wasted my life in endeavouring to make repara tion P If you will not receive the money I will take it to the counter and pay it in, as, having the means, I would pay any just debt. I will not be robbed of what is my due .' There are men in the bank at this present time who were boys when we were boys, and who know the story of my dis grace. Tooy have talked of it to their wives and children, over their firesides; they have whispered it about in public places. I have not beard them, but the words which never reached my ears have burnt their way into my heart! I have been pointed out to the young clerks as the man whose brother robbed tbe. tank.' The 1Mb avoid my look; they ehrin|c from jae, whispering » each other, as a creature unworthy of assoola iion,1 I must be cleared of this; I can endure it ao longer I I must be able to look these youngsters in the face, and e»y to. them, 'I have atonedf or my brother's crime by the %rcck of my ambition, of my happiness, of my deireet hopes. , Fay me, now the respect which is my due!' ? ,-?, ? The pent-up passion of the man was a wonder ful revelation. It was as though all his life he had beea.compell-Kl to Jnap it under restraint, and new for the flret time could give; it, free play. But it had a singularly distinctive character of its own in the circumstance, that the man never once raised his yoice above its ordinary level, due, doubtless, to long habita of humbleness on his part; Again Mr. Chappell paused before replying, ami it was perhaps from a; motive of delicacy that when he did speak, be averted his eyes from the hallpor terVsftce. . , 'Very well, Bigby; he said; 'let it be as you have decided.' , , All the eager fire died out of the old man's man ner; all his passion was gone. ? xnank you, sir, aumoiy,' nessia meekly, 'tor this and all your other kindness.' ? - He was ebeffling away, when Mr. Chappell's voice arrested hiB steps. ' When do you wish to leave, Bigby ?' ' ' Boon— -soon. This week if you can find a per son to fill my place.' ' ? 1 know of one. You can leave to- morrow.' ' It is like you,' said Bigby,:. witb. a graceful bendlof the bead; 'ever kind, ever conside rate.' Mr. Chappell rose, and .held out his hand to his old servant, Bigby gazed at it for a moment, in doubt whether tbij mark of courtesy and sym pathy was intecded for him. The next moment he took the hand, and bowed over it; then, with a proud and grateful sob, as though the simple action repaid him for all his years of shame and suffering he left; the room. 