BYRON AND HIS WIPE. Colonel — was at Byron's house in Piccadilly, Lady Byron in the room, and luncheon was brought in—veal cutlets, etc. She began eating. Byron turned round in disgust—he had an aversion to sec a woman eat—and said : " Gorman dizing beast !" and, taking up the tray, threw the whole luncheon into the hall. Lady Byron cried and left the room. Byron himself told Miss Baillie, who repeated the story to Haydon, that the very morning he and Miss Millbanks were married, and were driving home through the grounds, and all the tenants and peasantry were cheering, Byron said to her : " What could have induced you to marry me ?" " Good heavens !" said Lady Byron, " because I loved you !" "No," said lie; "you have a spice of,, Mother Eve. You married me because your friends wished you not to do so. You refused me twice, and I will be revenged." Byron told Scott that after, his separation from Lady Byron he went to a rout, and was regularly cut by all the women of fashion. As he leaned against the mantelpiece and they were sweeping by, a little red-haired, bright-eyed" co quette came flirting up to him, and, with a look that was exquisitely insolent, said, "You had better have married me ; I would have managed you better." Mrs Leicester Stanhope said the Guiccioli used to watch Byron through a teles cope "when he went out riding. So one day. she asked him why he did not take the Guiccioli out with him. He drawled out in his usual way, " Consider, consider what a- fright she would look in a habit." "Do you think, her handsome 1" Lady Blessingtoh asked him. " Handsome! " he replied, "she is a horror she'has red hair" (which was not true). She said then, " Why don't y'oii take her out walking'?" He answered, "'Because she shuffles like a duck, and I am lame; a pretty couple!" "Do you ever tell her this f " she asked. " Yes." " What does she say 1" " She sera—a— atches me," replied Byron. Haydon adds : "I met the Countess Guiccioli subse quently, and she was certainly not hand 1 some." - Sho had small eyes, large nose long upper lip and cliin." Sir John Hob house asserts that Byron was no scoffer. Still, on one occasion, Byron said : "1 have a great mind to believe in Chris tianity, for the mere pleasure of fancying I may be damned." He is known to have begged Shelley not to talk of hell or ghosts after dark—it made him uneasy. -Hayaon s Anecdotes. 