ST ltÖ Gî laviînq & Skîtmoinl TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10. Ouït rendors liuvo rend with somo little nm usoniont mid perhaps with somo littlo interest tho ministerial speeches mndo nt Kinma mid nt Wollongong, tho ono by Mr. DALLKV, tho other by Mr. HOIIEUTSOS. They uro worth porusnl ns speoimons of two mon's rospectivo stylos. ïhut by Mr. DALLEY wns characterised by its biting siircnsm, its cnustio wit, mid its almost irresistible l'un, nimed nt a ninn and n former collcnguo of whom ho cnn never speak but with words of gall and contempt. It will ho remombered thnt not long ngo Mr. PAIIKKS nindo u speech at Wost Maitland, roviowing in rutbor sovoro terms tho nets, policy, mid shortooniings of tho RoiiEiiisoji Ministry, mid dwelling moro particularly on their unconstitutional retention ol'ollico after tho crush- ing dofents siistuincd by them in almost ovory proposul thoy submitted to Pnrliniiiont. Tho oriti cisms indulged in by him woro nothing moro than thoso which might bo expected from tho loader of nn Opposition, mid woro oxproBscd in langungo to wniuh tho most fastidious politician could mnko no objection on tho scoro oithor of unfairness or ol' intemperance To this Mr. DALLEY, at tho banquet given ut Kinma, mndo n roply ; mid though it wns rallier out of pince, mid still more rather out of harmony with tho chnructor of tho entertainment (given to celebrate tho opening ol' tho now Basin), it wus applauded, laughed nt, ond otherwise onjoyod in tho most hearty lnntiucr. Mr. DALLEY is gifted with a peculiar talent for ridiculo, enhanced by thnt ron cly mid exhaustions How of lnngungo to which perhaps moro than to his political wisdom, or to his legal attainments, ho owes his wido-sprend reputation. To this, on tho occasion referred to, us on many other occa- sions ol' u kindred nature, ho had rocoiirso almost exclusively in dealing with tho dolivorancos of Mr PAIIKKS nt Maitland. Nor did ho fail to attain tho object chiefly ni med hy ¡lim, viz., to got up a henrty laugh nt tho oxponso of tho hon. member for East Sydnoy, just ns runeh occasionally gots up a hearty luugh nt tho expenso of Mr. DISUAEI.I, ol' Mr. LOWE, mid of many other political men of noto. For ho roferrcd to, mid mndo a humourous disquisition upon, tho Kiama ghost nlliu'r, with which tho minio of Mr. PAIIKKS is so intimately associated, mid of which thnt honoiirnblo gontlomnn will probably not hour tho lust to tho end of his political days; us also upon tho lotter from Earl RUSSELL, rend by him in tho cours o of the speech which ho delivered ut West Maitland, comparing thc^jinssioii seemingly possessed by Mr PAKKKS for correspondence with men of distinction with thnt displayed hy tho irresistible Mr TOOTS, whoso chiof occupation consisted in writing to hinisolf mid answering lottom from tho principal notabilities ol' tho ago. All which no doubt nllbrcUd to Mr DALLBV mid his nudienco tho greatest possiblo pleasure-pleasure nkiii to that afforded us by tho perusal of a fow pages from tho pen of u MAIIK TWAIN. But whnt niter nil doos it amount to? mid what doos it signify ? Uoes Mr DAM.BY for ono moment sup poso that a speech like his is tho sorb of speech expected from n mau of his position, that it con- trasts favourably with tho ono nuuta by Mr PAIIKKS nt Maitland, that it removes in over so slight n dogroo tho impression loft on tho mind by thc arguments mid criticisms omploycd by tho latter gentleman, or thnt it is of » character to raiso either hinisolf or tho Ooveriimont with ivhich ho is nssocintcd in tho osloom or respect ofsonsiblo men? For our part, wo rend with regret mid ii largo amount of surpriso tl o extraor- dinary speech mndo hy him nt Kin mu, for it wus frivolous, undignified, mid altogether unworthy of n man holding tho high position of Attorney General of tho colony ; and though tho oratori- cal displays usually indulged in over n post- prandial glass of sherry or Burgundy aro not of a very elevated character, still, being a political speech mid a ministerial speech, put forward ns mi answer to an attack mndo by a political anta- gonist, it ought, nt any into to hnvo been some- thing addressed ns well to our ronsoning ns our risiblo faculties. Not that tho speech had not ut any «ito somo redeeming cpinlitios about it qualities which show tho power possessed by tho Attornoy-Genornl of dealing, if lie so pienses, in a sensible anil stutcsiuuiilikc manner with ques- tions of nu important diameter-for ho went into fuiimcinl mid statistical mnttcrs, without by a skilful manipulation of figures tho condition ol' tho colony under tho present Government with that which existed nuder tho Government which preceded it ; showed tho progress mudo in tho development nf tho rm'lwnys throughout tho country ; submitted n statement of tho condition ol' thc revenue, ol' the inci enso in our Innd sales, our population, our stirings' bank deposits, our imports and exports; und drow a picturo of tho prosperity enjoyed by tho colony such as would have dono credit to tho fiuaucial ability of oven n practised mid skilful treasurer. And though some of tho analysis unido by bim on theso various heads, representing mattel's in colours u littlo brighter tliiui thoy ought to bo, uro opon to cri- ticism and gravo objections, yet thoy furnish ovidonco thnt if tho statements mndo in Mr. PAIIKKS' speech at West Maitland wore positively false, thoy might hnvo been exposed hy tho Attornoy-tlenoral und held up to public displea- sure without recotirso to that ill-placed mid un- dignified ridicule suitable enough perhaps to tho pages of a cornie publication, but altogether unsuited to nu occasion like that chosen with sin- gular had tasto ns tho best for ils utterance Tin: Gu.u-rux Ciui tir Cor UT.-On Tuesday last wo published nu intimation that tho October Assi/o would bu held hero on tho 'JOth of tho present month. In tho Government Gazette of tho samo day tho (Into of holding thu Assize was postponed by proclamation of his Excellency tho Governor until tho 27th. Yester- day a rumour was prevalent in town thnt tho dato wns ngniu altered to tho -'Ith instant. Should thu rumour he well founded, it is dillicult to understand why thc columns ol' thu local 1'ress aro not taken advantngu of ill giving publicity to changes involving tho convenience of jurors, witnesses, litigants, and tho public generally, lllllLi: L'oJI IIINATION.-A public iiicotiiig was hold Inst Wednesday evening, tho 'Ith instant, ill thu Presbyterian Church, IIIUHII^IOVU, hy persons favour. »lil« tn tho llihlo Combination. Mr. William /aili was voted to tho chair, 'fla: ineuting was opened by leading a portion of Scripture and with prayer, lt wa» moved hy Mr. I!. Phillips, and sccniuluil hy Mr. I). 1!. Campbell, both of w hom spoko sunsihly and to tho point, - "That thu llihlo being thu gift of God to man, as a perfect rulo of faith and prnutice, this meeting resolve to usu all lawful means for securing tho daily reading of thu samo in tho publie schools of New South Wales." Thia résolution having been supported by thu Ituvs. I. Mackay and 1). M'Innes, was carried unanimously. On thu motion of Mr. A. M'Donnhl, seconded hy Mr. A. Campbell, it wns also uuaiiimoiisly resolved,'-"That in pursiiaueu of tho terms of thu foregoing resolution, this meeting resolve to form nu association, to hu called 'Thu llrushgrovo Ulandi ot thu llihlo Combination,' and that tho fol lowing gentlemen, with power to add to their num- ber, ho a cinniiiitteo of tau sanio, viz.,-Munnin. W. /.uill, A. Campbell, lt. Phillips, K. Gillies, .1. M'lJoiiald, ll. lt, Campbell, and A. M'Uonahl." Sovu ral of those present enrolled their names as members of tho llihlu Combination. Aftur a cordial voto of thanks was nccorded to tho Chairman, thu proceed, ings wuro closed by thu Kev. I). M'limes pronouncing tho benediction. -.PKKSHYTBHIAN Cuonc«.-At tho meeting of tho Proahytory of Sydney, hold on Tuoadny, 3rd instant, a lotter waa read from a moodier of the Grafton con gregatiou.rogarding tho Church thora. ."Aftor con- sideration tho Presbytery agreed to appoint' tho Rov. X. Hill to labour for tb ruo montlia thora.-Australian Witness. [Wo holiova tho rov. gentleman will nriivo in Grafton about tho 10th instant.] GIIAITON HOSPITAL.-At tho last mooting tho com- mittee of tho above directed tho honorary, sccrotnry to multo application to tho directors of- tho C. and II. li. S. N. Company for tho uso of their nowly ncquirod lino atoanicr tho City of Grafton, for tho mirposo of au oxcuraion, tho proceeds to go to tho Grafton Hospital. It would appoar from tho follow- ing lotter, which lina been politely handed to us by Air V. Norrio, aocrotary of tho Hospital Committee, that tiio Board of Directors had voluntarily decided to pince tho steamer nt thu disposal of tho committee for an excursion in aid of tho hospital funds Wo hnvo much pleasure In publishing tho" lotter ¡ "C. mid lt. lt. S. N. Co., Sydney, "til Octobor, 1870. Tiio Socrotary Grafton Hospital, Grafton. Dear Sir, -I nm instructed by my Bonni of Direotora to in- form you of tho arrival ut this port of their new steamship tho City of Grafton, mid to state thoy will hnvo much pleasure in placing her at tho disposal of your committco for tho purpose of an oxcuraion in aid of your institution, on a dny to bo named here- after, about tho end of present mouth. Should your committco decido to nccopt tho above I shall bo glad to havo au early reply ; and remain, dear Sir, very truly youra, JOHN- WHITE, aocrotary. " Tho liborality of tho Company will no doubt bo highly appreciated, not only by tho Hospital Committee, but tho publie nt large. THE BIUUIIK ovKit WHITEMAN C'UKBK.-Wo have boon favoured by Mr, T. Bawden, M.P" with a perusal of tho following lottor i-" Dopartinont of Public Works, Sydney, 5th October, 187G.-Sir, Referring to your lottor of tho 31st August last, for- warding a memorial from eortaiu residents of Grafton rofpiostiug tho erection of a briilgo over AVliitcmnn Creek, between Grafton mid Copmanhurst, I nm directed to inform you that tho matter will bo taken into consideration when tho Estimates for 1S77 aro being propnrod. I havo, leo., GEHAL.II HALLKIAN. T. Bawden, Esq., M.P., Icu." MASONIC BALI.-Wo aro notified by tiio secretary I of Palmerston Lodgo that, aa the Asslzo Court will now bo held on tho 24th, tho bnll will take placo as j originally advertised, namely, tho 23rd. A meeting of tho Parochial and Diocesan Presenta- tion Board of the Church of England was hold, at I of Walcha, aa Curato of the Pariah of St. Potor's, Armidale. Thu voting wna oven-throo to thrco- I and thoroforo no appointment took placo. Tho Bishop stated ho waa not prepared to noniiuato another clergyman that day, mid that ho would call tho members together when lie was.-Armidalo Ezprcss. A GuoUNiiLi'-HM ALAIIJI.-Tho enso of so-called burglary, roportcd to us yesterday ns having occurred in Edward-street, turns out to hnvo boon no burglary at all. A tailor ir. an advanced state of beer foll against tho door of tho shop in question, and forced it open, and being alarmed nt what ho had dono, ho got away oa quickly na ho could, but had no thought of burglary.-Armidale Express. Cunt's CHEEK V. WKST END C, C.-A match was | played on tho Grafton Itncocourao on Saturday last, betweon theso chiba which resulted in nil onay victory for Hie Cnrr'8 Creek team by 0 wiokota and 1 run. Kor tho Cm r's Creek team tho batting of Jamos Stuart waa vory good, ho having acorcd -IS nina, mid giving only ono possiblo chalice. Por tho West End team the batting of Mudd and Thompson was also vary good,' tho former 2G in thc lirst innings ; Thomp- son, 3 drat innings 17 second-are tiio top scores for thoir sido. Por tho Carr's Creek team tho howling of J. Stuart, jun,, and T. Buckland was very ofEootivo ; for the Weat End leam tho bowling of E. Ferguson and J. Thompson was very fair, but thoy wore evidently ont of trim, ns tho scores will show :-Wost End- first innings, (52, second, ßO ; total, 102. Carr's Crock-lirst innings, 08, second, 1 wickot for 5 j total, 103. TIN OHE.-Tho following is tho return of tin oro I received from tho tin mines of Now England by tho C. mid N. E. S. N. Company, nt their wharf, South | Grafton, for shipment by their steamers to tho metro- polis, during tho week ending October 7 : Illira Tons cwt». ur«, lbs. Mooro & Co., Vogotilblo Crook MU .. 7 8 0 0 Mooro ami .Sponro. 103 ,, S 17 S 0 Vegetable Crook Titi Mining Comiiiuiy. 00 .. I ll 0 0 nomico. SO .. fi 2 1 18 Hall Hrolliers and Co., Vcge tnlilo Crook. SO .. S tu 2 SO Nominell Tin Mining Co., No. ToUl.CHI .. 87 IS 0 10 Tun TA.IIUI.AM MAH--Tho following lottor, with roforenco to tho route of tho mail between Tontorlleld ia published in tho Tenterfield Slur :-"Gonoral Post Oflico, Sydney, September lfltli, 1870". Sir,-llofor- ring to my lotter, dated tho 2nd ultimo, Iamdiroctcd to inform you that a report haa now boon received from the Postal Inspector in respect of tho route for tho mail to travel between Tabulam mid Tenterfield, mid in it lie states that ho (loos not think it would ho advisable to follow oxaotly tho lino proposed by tho petitioners, because by doing an tho pcoplo interested in tho Timbarra Post-ofiico would bo deprived of pos- tal advantages. Ho continues, that although tho population has decreased in tho neighbourhood of Tim- barra there aro still sumo diggora at Poverty l'oint and on tho Millern Station ; but at tho samo timo ho thinks that a slight deviation from tho present line would bo advantageous, and ho recommends that tho mailman should travel from Tenterfield to Tabulam vin Burney Downs, tho Commissioner's Camp, (where it appears thu Postmaster at Timbarra ia going to re- move to), D'Arcy'a piiblic-liouso, Brake, mid Lunatic Keefs. Tho Inspector adda that tho distance is not I longer, whilst tho road is bettor and moro pcoplo would bo accommodated. I am to state that upon tho [ rocoipt of an application from tho Postmaster at Tim- barra to remove his ellice to the Commissioner's Camp tho mail contractor concerned will bo asked if lie ia willing to travel hy tho altered route. If, howovor, ho objecta to do this for thu annie money ho now ro ceivca tho matter must stand over until tiio existing | contract expires in 1S77. 1 have tho honor to ho, your moat obedient aorvnnt, H. LAMBTON, Secre- tary. To the Council Clerk, Tenterfield." TUB KEV. UH. CAIIIN.M.-'-Wo nro glad to leam (writes tho Southern Cross), that letters havo been received from Hr. and M ra. Cairns, that both aro very well, and havo been receiving great kindness from fl ¡ends. " Interesting meetings hnvo been held with thu surviving members of tho Dr.'a old congrogntion. "A hundred people attended, some of grunt ngo, ono flo, two !)0. Our hearts softened and drawn out. A memorable meeting." Ur. Caima lind preached during tho month in Ids old church, also at Newburgh ; sorved two tables at tho Communion nt Hunbug. Established Church, worshipping with thom on their fnst day. Thirty-nine years had passed since Ur. Cairns had loft Hunbug, but three individuals remained of thu thou inhabitants of tho district. Ono of tho most interest- ing events waa at Cunar on tilth July, tho dinner to Mr. I lent tie, father of Ruv. Janies Beattie, of Chalmor'u Church, on bia jubileo day. I Io waa ordained in lS2(i, two years before Ur. Cairns, though the Dr. waa licensed aa n preacher ono year before Mr. Heat tie. On Wednesday, July 2(1, Dr. Cair.'.s officiated nt tho prayer meeting nt the United Presbyterian Church at Cowrie, mid wna to preach in the Pico Church there. Their passage has been taken by Wigriiin's new steamar tho Kent, to sail from Grnvusoud, October 23, Tin: li'.MWiuii GAS COMPANY.-Tho Ipswich Gua mid Coko Company, limited, registered under thu Com- panies Act, is going ahead. Tho directors have so far advanced tho company's prospecta that they hnvo al- lotted tho shares already applied for, which forma a large proportion of tho proposed capital, £8000, in .Cl shares -, mid iii order to unable tho present applicants mid others tu still further invest in this paying specu- lation, tiley hnvu reduced tho culla into eight pay- ments of 2s. (id, per share instead of four payments at | Tis, Tho directors have consulted eminent pursells ill gua matter», and selected a good site for the works, and intend nt unca to apply to tho Government to put | up tho lund fur snlc. THE LATE CAME OK BUHNINII.-Tho miserable vic- tim of his own imprudence, Alexander Fenton (by a misadventure called Stawart in n Into issue, that name having been supplied by tho authorities), who waa lately u patient in thu Grafton Hospital Bullering fruin fearful burns un his arms, lega, nuil trunk, tho lower extremities of which woro literally being eaten up by disease and worina, died yoaturday morning, and lils remains have bcoualucu interred. Mr, Giles,'tho explorer, ls convinced that nothing I but doaert intorvenos between tho wostorn watershed nt Ashburton mid the rangy country toward* tho [ ovorland lino. 