COMMERCIAL. LONDON, October 6. Thc new Victorian 3 ncr cent loan is """_J '-- "-:ii;«"« Copper is liT. Wallaloo, rc <. r°, *>«.. Burra, 77 to 7S. THE steam, ferry punt is again under repair, her boiler, BO WC understand, being out of order. The wooden punt is, however, at work, so that there will bc but little incon- venience experienced by those who oro desirous of crossing thc river. THE overdue mails from Springsure, Tambo, and Blackall, carno to band by yesterday afternoon's train, but thc mails also due from . Rolleston did not arrive It is stated that heavy rains fell on the whole of Monday night on the Springsure road, causing thc traffic in some places to bc almost entirely arrested. Bv the now time tablo for the Westwood and Taroom services, information is given tbat henceforth mails will bo closed nt thc Rock- hampton Post-office at 7 o.m. instead of at 10.3O a.m. on Wednesdays, and that they will arrive or» Mondays by tho 1.35 p.m., instead of as heretofore hy thc C p.m. traiu. Tnr. Scottish Bard was to have left tho wharf yesterday for docp water, but was unable to do so on account of there not being sufficient water, the rise of tide having boen hut four inches, which gave but 13 feet 4 inches on the Flats, tho vessel now drawing 13 feet G inches. Therefore, unless there 1MS a risc of six inches to-day, it will he impossible for the Bard to make a start, aud she will have to wateh her time to get away. Ay informant states that thc boat yesterday had an extraordinary effect upon his fowls ; many of them appeared to bc completely exhausted, and hardly able to breathe, while several, among wtuca. was a tiue rooster, quietly gave up tile ghost. Would it not he advisable to keep fowls confined in thc hen- house during very hot weather, supplying them with plenty of water, and aa much green food as can bc procured them. Thc plan has been tried with complete success, tho prisoners, however, being allowed to take an airing after S o'clock p.m. THE Queenslander, or rather ita proprietors, arc determined to hold paco with tho times, and to make thc journal keep up thc character it has now of being among the best and most spiritedly conducted papers in the colonies. Somo timo since notice was given that a monthly illustrated supplement would bc issued, and the first number lately came to hand. Thc cuts, although spiritedly conceived, lack finish and sharpness of execution, but success cannot bc achieved at once, and there is every rcaBon to bclicvo that thc illustrations will improve and will bc worthy of the written ?natter, which for variety, usefulness and tone, is everything that can be desired. Queensland has every reason to be proud of tho Qneem latidpr. Om old friend with the orange cover, thc "A.B.C. Ballway and Road (Juidc," published monthly by Gordon (iud Gotch, of Melbourne, Brisbane, and Sydney, has once more come tn hand, and it is needless to say that its ap- pearance was welcomed with the usual cordiality. Thc compilers of thc <3uidc will have to keep a sharp look out to keep pace with thc additions and alterations which arc going on in Queensland and tho other colonies, in everything connected with the opening np of country, settling of populations, railways, roads, stations, &c.; TVe may call the atten- tion of tho Ouiilc to the many changes which have lately taken place in the lime of the going out and coming in of trains ; thc altera- tions in thc postal time table, kc, on thc Great Northern Railway linc-a nod to 6ouac people i is as good as a wjuk. IK the Supremo Court, in Chambers, before His Honor Sir James Cockle, Chief Justice, ju the insolvent estate of Marcelliu Louis Martin, of Rockhampton, leave was granted on the application of Mr. Brown {of Messrs. Jones and Brown), for application for release of trustees to be made on November 15. Turc weather at tbe stations from which meteorological reports were received yester- day was invariably tine. At several places, however, rain bad fallen during the twenty four hours preceding tho time at which thc observations were dispatched-at St. Law- rence, Oil inch; at Mackay, 054 inch; et Banana, 0-2.1 inch; and at Westwood, 007 inch. TUB heat yesterday was oppressive in thc extreme, particularly between two and four o'clock in the afternoon, the glass then stand- ing in tho shade at Di". It is pretty certain that a sturm is on its way, and the sooner it mailes itB appearance thc better, as there is a great deal of sickness about, arising no doubt from the etate of the atmosphere and the character of water thc people are compelled to swallow. If any one will take the trouble of analysing tho next tumbler of water before bc throws it down his threat he will be rather startled to tiud thc impurities living and dead floating in it. It is highly desirable that until raiu falls the water used for drinking purposes should be boiled-thc tea- pot ought to bc resorted to more than the " monkey." A liiAvn.i.ER who came in from Yaamba yesterday states that thc country in that part of tlc district is almost entirely bare of grasa, and that thc cattle arc showing evident signs of hing reduced to short commons. Fires havj in Borne directions swept thc ground for inites, but how they originated it is impossible to discover, hut it is believed that accident, ana not wilfulness, has been iu almost every instance thc cause of thc IOBS nf thc bttlc feed thai was left. The coast mailmen say that thc roads arc, generally speaking, in good order, but that there arc one or two ugly looking places near Marlborough which would be all the better for a visit from a road party. As for grass for their horses there is literally none, and water is not too plentiful. NOME time since a letter appeared in thc columns nf one of our southern contemporaries stating that if gum leaves were placed in drawers and boxes where linen was kept, tho silver-fish would beat a hasty retreat and never rc- appcar. Several people in this town, also, were terribly annoyed hy the "fish," tried thc remedy, and found it to be a "perfect cure," and we make the results of their experience public, so that those, who have an objection to sec holes eaten in their silk dresses and black coats hythe destructive insect, may try this apparently almost panacea - tho gum leaf. By-tbe-bye, place half-a-dozen leaves between the sheets and thc blankets, or on thc mattrass, and Mr. Fica will make his exit in double-quick time. Mn. BEHINAM» GRAHAM, .in old resident of ] Rockhampton, has been appointed to succocd Mr. Boyscn, who some short time since resigned his position ns superintendent of thc Immigration Depot on account of ill-health. Mr. Boysen, wo understand, fulfilled thc duties entrusted to him in a manner which gave the utmost satisfaction to Dr. Salmond and other local immigration authorities, while ho was held in very much respect by those who were under bis charge, and whose welfare J.J lúa utmost to further. While regretting the loss of a thoroughly good public servant, that regret is some- what lessened hy thc fact that Mr. Graham is understood to he well adapted for the position ho is sclcotcd to oecupy. He is well known in thc town, and has fulfilled several places of trust to thc entire satisfac- tion of those who employed him. Mr. Graham has, to make usc of an old expression, " Been better days," and as ho bas once more placed Iiis foot on the rung of thc ladder leading to prosperity, it will bc his own fault if bo docs not mouut higher. A at New Plymouth (N.Z.) Over 1 OOO natives were present, and one of thc chiefs maintained that tho Maoris were thc lost tribe of Israel, and exhilrited maps and plans showing the snpposon route by which the present race originally reached Kew Zealand. His know lodge of Scripture history and of lato re- searches in Palestine is spoken of as astonish- ing.-New Zealand raper. Mrs. W. NASH of the Sawyers Arms, Salt- water Creek road, has (says the Maryborough Chronicle) proved herself to be a true heroine. For some time back the house has been constantly robbed by the blacks, and, in consequence, a loaded revolver has been kept under the counter, in the bar, to scare them off. The other day Mr. Nash was employed somewhere in the vicinity of the house, when a black fellow rushed into the bar, seized a bottle of grog, and had reached the verandah, making off, when he was seized by the shirt sleeve by Mrs. Nash. In order to attract the attention of her husband, she fired off one of the chambers of thc loaded revolver, which she held in her disengaged hand. This induced her prisoner to struggle violently to escape, which he succeeded in effecting, leaving, however, the sleeve of his shirt in his would-be captor's hand. Mrs. Nash then fired off three other shots, which were the means of bringing her husband to her side. Tho blackfellow had then made good his escape, but we will venture to predict that he will not be in a hurry to re-visit the Sawyers' Arms while Mrs. Nash is at home. THE first regular mail for the new settlement at Trinity Hay will be despatched from the General Post Office, by the steamer Florence Irving this morning, and arrangements have been made for the immediate establishment of a post-office at the new township of Cairnp. We understand that Captain Tronton, general manager of tho A.S.N. Co., will be a pas- senger by the Irving, and goes up for the purpose of seeing what the capacity and probable prospects of the new port will warrant the company in doing with regard to it Mr. Upward, of the Sydney office, has been appointed agent for the company, and goes up to-day in that capacity to commence his duties. A correspondent, writing from that place on the 7th instant, aud who was a passenger on board the steamer Porpoise ou her trip from Townsville for the new settlement, informs us that the Porpoise arrived ii! Trinity Bay on the 5th instant, and took on board from the Victoria, s., 1 cargo from Cooktown. " Our captain, " he says, "took thc right-hand branch of thc estuary, and before wc had proceeded more than a mile and a-half wc met iudications, in the shape of two structures of galvanised iron and calicn, of thc presence of white men. These buildings are thc property of Ci. Wilson and old Bill Smith, of Cooktown. There is a landing herc, which is the nearest approach to thc liodgkiimnu track, and 1 and several others from the Towers, with horses, went ashore, aud immediately started on obi Smith's track for thc Hodgkinson. I do not think this landing is thc best site that can be found for a township, and nobody seems nt present to know where it will bc ; but tho <|iirf tinn will not long remain undecided. Mr. Surveyor Sharkey is making a careful cxami uation, with the view of finding the best site, and laying off a township. "-Courier. October 14. , I AH told there was a rather carions scene | on hoard one of the Melbourne steamers at ' Wellington on ber last trip (writes the Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton fpeclalor). It was intimated that Madame dc Murska would bc a passenger to Kelson, and Mr. John Hill also engaged a passage ; hut when thc lady became aware that Mr. Hill would bc on board, she declined to embark. Mr. Hill, on his part, was equally resolute not to travel in thc same boat with the lady. Finding that Madame had declined to go on hoard, Mr. Hill went. Thc hour for sailing went by, and thc boat detained an hour, when M adamo went on board, and seeing nothiug of Mr. Hill, behaving retired tobie cabin, permitted herself to bc taken to bcd. Thc short voyage, to two of thc passengers, was a " rough one." There is discord, it would appear, in everything. Tm*, following detailed narrative of a long and successful struggle against snake poison- ing of a virulent character will he read (says thc Courier) with interest by many of our settlers, and by some, it may bc, with practical advantage. It is instructive msinly as allowina the nossibilitics of overcoming thc poison by skilful treatment, steadily persevered in:-"A lad named M'llwraith, «?hilo walking in a paddock uear Gisooruo (Victoria), was savagely attacked and bitten on tho hand by a large black snake, and The Lancefield Chromrla describes the mode of treatment by which he was successfully revived as follows:-Mr. M'llwraith, sen., after sucking thc wound for some time, then placed it into a Btrong lotion of liquid ammonia, aud at the same time administered eight drops of aromatic ammonia. For two hours no signs of poisouing were discernible, ami suddenly thc usual symptom) set in iu tho most aggravated form, the eyes dilated, then insensibility, loss of Bpeecb, sleepiness, and coma followed, death apparently hovering about. Btrong doses of ammonia and hot coffee wore administered, which assisted to arouse him. Tt was plainly seen that tho only chance of saving thc young man's life was by keeping bim awake, and tins could only bc done by walking him about. Some neighbours very billilly volunteered their assistance, and by relays thc young man was kept walking from six o'clock ou Sunday evening till six o'clock on Monday morning ¡ during thc whole of that time recovery ap- peared very doubtful. At twelve o'clock the doses of ammonia and hot coffee were stopped, and at ono o'clock the symptous ro-appeared doubly strong, twitching of the muscles, insensibility, and intense drowsiness-a fatal result scorned inevitable. Mr. M'llwraith then administered twenty-five drops of strong liijnid ammonia, and eighty drops of aromatic ammonia, which bad an amassing effect, and during thc remainder of the night small doses of ammouia and hot coffee were given, and it was not until after seven o'clock that be was considered out of danger. During the night only one small glass of hot brandy was given. I In a couple of days he was able to attend to his duties." IT is admitted from, both sides of the House j (says thc Queensland Times) that the Railway Reserves Bill is not strictly a party measure, Let it, then, be withdrawn. Tho Govornmenl cannot lose much predige by this proceeding. For thc hill in its present ehapo is too crude and indefinite-it wants statesmanlike ability and financial cohesion. Let the Government, in its stead, bring in n Loan Bill for a compre hcusivc railway policy suitable to the require, mcnts of thc country and thc general advance, m put of thc colony. Ijct thc demands of each district ho thoroughly discussed, nud decided upou their respective merits. Let this he done ; and, if it is deemed necessary as an extra inducement to English capitalists, let thc various proposed lands bc reserved by the bill to pay tho interest and ultimate redemp- tion of tho railways ; let this he given in addition to the usual security of the con Bill would "be favourably rcceivcS' Tn ihe money market, and, if placed at once, might bc floated hy finance agents or bankers for the whole sum, thc loan to bc raised iu iustalmcuts over thc next three years. A scheme like this would bc worthy of any Government. The colony is well able to bear it, if carried out in n states- manlike manner ; it would edd to their renown, he a credit to thc colony, ond usher it upon an unprecedented career of prosperity. Capital would bc introduced ; land would bc enhanced in value, instead of being depre- ciated ; pastoral, agricultural, manufacturing, and mining pursuits would receive an impulse ; while thc proceeds of thc land would guarantee thc interest, and ultimotcly thc redemption, of thc capital Bunk in railways, if thc exigencies of the colony required it. Thc money market waa never more favourable for a large loan ; capitol in thc London market is cheap and plentiful, discount being only from H to 2 per cent. Queensland, as o, borrowing power, stands high, mid Australian debentures are eagerly sought after by investors. If tho colony lose tho present opportunity, from thc complicated state of Europe, it will perhaps never again be able to obtain mouey so readily and favourably. 