REMARKABLE BETTING CASE. A recent trial of a betting case at New York shows that the American law as to wagers differs more widely than might have been expected from our own. The plaintiff stated that while the trial of one Henry W. Genet was pending he was introduced to the defendant, and the conver sation between them turned on the probability of Genet's conviction, the defendant expressing his* belief that the result would be acquittal, and the plaintiff his that it would be conviction. Both pat«ies were equally energetic in de clinic AMniAtia t)idi nletnftff iiffatvid #/i luf TAil/1 dollars to 5 dollars that Genet would be convicted. The bet was taken, and the defendant was permitted to hold the stakes. When a verdict of conviction was rendered, the Slain tiff called on the defendant, expecting to receive the ets, and the defendant put him off from time to time, until he was forced to proceed at law. The defendant's answer to this claim was that bis partner was on the jury in Genet* s case, that the plaintiff sought an introduction to him and asked ' if anything could be done,' and he replied that he could not approach his partner on such a subject; that they met again, and the plaintiff offered to make a bet of 1000 dollars to 6 dollars that there would be a conviction, but the defendant remarked that he was not a betting man, and left. On the following day he was again at the same place, and plaintiff was there also, and took a seat beside him, and proposed to him to sign a paper stating that he had received 1000 dollars ' for services to be rendered.' He refused to sign the paper, and the plaintiff then tore it up, and said that he would make it in the form of a bet of 1000 dollars to 5 dollars, and ' forced the money into his hands.' We have stated the case on either side thus minutely because we should be sorry to do injustice to either of the litigants. The defendant contended that the plaintiff's act was an attempt to corrupt his (defendant's) partner, and thus to cause a disagreement of the jury in Genefs case, and that under such circumstances t he was not liable to return the money, which he wished to bestow on some charitable institution. The Judge, in submitting this case to the jury, delivered a charge which is described, and we think rightly, as one of ' peculiar suggestiveness.' He told the jury that, if they believed that the money claimed was wagered upon the result of the deliberations of the jury in Genet's trial, the plaintiff was entitled to recover, but not if they believed that tbe bet was used as a cover to conceal an attempt to tamper with the juiy. Any attempt to control a verdict by the means indicated by the defend ant, or by any other means than, those known to the law, which are evidence and oratory, was to be frowned upon and punished. Money paid for this iniquitous pur pose could not be recovered back, for the law does not grant relief to a person caught in infringing its just re quirements. If parties will speculate in wrong, they must take their chance, unaided by courts of j ustice. According to the plaintiff's evidence, he made an unusual bet, which among sporting men would be termed 'betting at long odds.' A bet of 1000 dollars to 5 dollars was rarely wagered on the verdict of a jury, and yet it was possible for one imbued with the spirit of true sport to take such unequal chances. Readers will by this time perceive the ' suggettiveness ' of this charge. It ought to be noted in the American Law Reports thus : — ' By the Court — It | is not 100 1 on tbe verdict of any jury in any case.' We agree, if we may presume to say so, with the Court; bnt tK-re are some truths which should not be spoken in some places. A person must bo strongly' iiiibued with the spirit of true sjurt, and should have a well-lilled purse, who would lay long odds on the result ot any prosecution when political or social feeling is excited as to the result. The Judge seems to con sider that the spirit of true sport may properly exercise itself on making bets upon verdicts, so long as the bet is a bet, and not a cloak for corruption ; but surely this is a sttasge admission, which at no recent time would have been made in England. Tbe reasons for not allowing actions to be brought on such bets are too obvious to need stating or enforcing. It is to be observed, indeed, that the plaintiff did not claim the defendants stake, but only his own, and this may have been, therefore, an action not for money won upon a bet, but for money claimed by tbe plain tiff on treating tbe bet as void. But oertainly tbe Judge seems to have a sympathy for true sport, and it is a pity that he did not inform sportsmen what are the odds, for example, on the district attorney in a prosecution for smuggling. Are* there any general rules like those of 'backing mounts' or ''following money' on the turf by which novices in forensic betting may be guided? Would it pay, for instance to back some well-known advocate throughout a session of the court F If this Judge were not an American, we should eall him a fine old English gentleman, for he unites to his love of sport a hatred of fraud and a readiness to check it summarily. He charged the jury that, if the defendant t«ld the truth, it was a serious impeachment of his manhood that he did not on the impulse of the moment knock the plaintiff down on his offering an intimation as to corrupting a juror. It was said by Erskine that, if a creditor asked you to pay a debt barred by the Statute of Limitations, the only safe way of avoiding the implication of a new centract to pay the debt was to knock down the creditor. But Erskine when he said this was a barrister, not a Judge. We must allow that the American sentiment is healthy, although manifesting itself in an unusual way. It is many years ago that ' a good punch on the head ' was recommended as a short way with, poachers, and that course, besides its donbtful legality, is open to the objection that the poacher might pouch your bead in return. — Saturday Review. Winning Owners. — Lord Falmouth again heads the list of ' winning owners,' being credited with £21,152, or nearly £6000 more than last year, when he was only -£500 ahead of Mr. ' launde.' the owner of Apology, tfhose death occurred this spring. Lord Falmouth, whose win nings for the past five years fall little short of £60,000, has obtained his chief successes this season with 'Spina way and Farnese, who have secured 19 out of the 31 races placed to his credit, and £16,616 of the total to which those 31 races amount. N ext to him comes Prince Batthyany, whose win sing score of £10,175 is mainly due to the powers of Galopin, who carried off the Derby and four other races,, amounting in all to £7580. Count deLagrange is third on the list, with a total of £9645, won by 15 different horses in 27 races ; but this is only half the sum earned by him, in con junction with M. Lefevre, last season. Mr. Stirling Crawfurd is fourth, as Craig Millar, the winner of the St. Leger, and nine others help to raise his total to £8060; and though his colours have come to be considered unfortunate, it appears that he has netted close upon £35,000 in the last five years. Mr. Bowes is another sporstman who, though he bas not been successful in any great race since West Australian swept the board in 1853, generally finishes the season with a good balance, and by the help of Twine the Plaiden, Polonaise, and nine others he is credited with 27 races, worth £6912. Sir George Chetwynde is sixth, with a total of £6195 ; just in advance of Mr. H. F. Vyner, who, thanks chiefly to Camballo's victory in the Two Thousand Guineas, wins £6187, or £12 more than Mr. Savile, whose best representative was Earl of Dartrey (£3853). Prince Soltykoff, with £5375, most of which was won by Balfe and the Duke of Parma, and the Earl of Rosebery, whose total of £5313 is mainly due to the victories of lus two year-olds, make a close race. They are immediately fol lowed by Mr. Howett, the owner of Activity and M linden, with £5081 ; by Mr. Jardine with £4592 ; by tbe Marquis of Huntly, to whom belong Lowlander and tne Ghost, with £4262 ; and by Mr. Cartwight, whose colours have been carried successfully by Maud Victoria, Bay of Naples, Louise Victoria, and George Frederick, with £4214. Lord Wilton, Mr. Gomm (for whom Frauleiu has won eight races), Mr. Chaplin, and Sir Anthony de Rothshild are ' all together' with totals of about £3!00 each, and Mr. R C. Vyner, Mr. Spencer (for whom Petrarch won the Mid dle Park Plate), and Loid Dupplin are credited with about £3400 each. Mr. Houldswortn s two-year-olds have won for him £3334. which is a trifle more than Mr. A. Baltazzi ' secured with the Mineral colt and Cosruleus, or than the letter's brother was credited with in 15 races. In addition to these 24 owners, whose winnings exceed £3000, there are 17 others who have won from £2000 to £3000, and 44 whose winnings exceed £1000, so that 85 in all have been credited with '' four figures.' Mr.Merry, who broke up his stud in July, wins but £2255, which is not Ihe twentieth part of his total winnings these last five years and probably the smallest - amount secured by his colours for the last 20. His former trainer, Matthew Dawson, is more fortunate, as Bella's many victories enabled him to draw on Messrs. Weatherby for £2727. Lord Lonsdale and Captain Machell, having bo King Lud to represent them, are low down on the list with about £1900 each, hut they do better than Lord Aylesferd, who wins but £1600. With only Lily Agnes to his name, Mr. Snany wins eight races, worth £1460 ; and Lord .Zet land, whote colt Hardrada is believed to have a chance for the Derby, secures £1122 in this his first year. Lord Aiiesbury has won but £800, and his friend, Mr. Payne, whose horse are trained in the same stable, has been even less successful, as he wins two races worth only £128. Lord Portsmouth. Mr. Prayley, the Duke of Hamilton, Lord Bradford, Sir Frederick Johnstone, Lord St. Vincent, and Lord Calthoipe are also veiy low down in the returns or absent from tnem altogether, and the death of Mr. King occurred before any of his horses had been retained winner. Sir Joseph Hawley disposed of all hie horses more than two two years ago, so that even if he had lived his name would not have appeared in the list where it so often held the first or a very prominent place. — Pall Mall Gazette. 