. BESSY COHWAY $ OR, THE IEISH GIRL IN AMERICA. By' MRS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTER VIII.— (Continued) ' By. golly, you had a cold sit of it, then,'1 ; said the boy with a shiver. ' Haven't none . of the others come along yet ]' ' Wot one, not one ; did you tell them 1' ' Yes, 1 did ; they'll be around never fear. , They wanted dreadful bad to know what you had to say to them.' ' And you didn't tell them, did vou 1' ' I guess not,' said the precocious young ster, who rejoiced in the name of Mike . Miligan, ' 'cause why, I didn't know myself. . Here they come, anyhow. Hurry up, will you V raising his voice, here's the man I told you of.' _ Paul was Bpeedily surrounded by some six or eight lads in the same 'fantastic livery bedight,' not one of them all having a single garment free from rents or patches. ? It needed not the bundle of papers carried by each to point them out as members of that noisy community whose cries are amongst the first to wake the echoes of the . city after ' the rosy dawn appears.' ' Here they are now for you,' said Mike laughing, 'here's the Sunday papers,' and then he introduced all the gaping youngsters, i some as the Sunday Times, others the Sun day Herald, and so on. ' Yes, yes,' said Paul, ' but you have other aamo3 than them, haven't you 1' 'Well yes, there's Terry Smith, and Put Boyl and Sara Hooks, and Limping Joe, andHimpy Poter' — at this last name the * County Donegal J Lough Swilly, boys, except; Peter himself, all laughed and looked up slily ac Paul, as if to see how he took it' Paul laid his hand kindly on little Peter's head, but appeared to take no other notico of what the astute urchins enjoyed as a capital joke. ' Ho you're all Irish P' said he. ' No, no,' none of them would give in to that. ' What religion do you belong to?' The boys snook their heads, ' Are you Catholics or Protestants, I mean 1' Yes, most of them were Catholics, but a few were Protestants, and amongst them were Sam Hooks and Limping Joe. ' Do you ever go to church; then, any of you P' ' V/hy, no,'' said Mike Miligan, speaking for the others, ' folks don't buy papers there, do they 1' ' What difference is there, then, between the Catholics and Protestants among you ? How do you know one from the other 1' Hearing this the boys all laughed and winked knowingly at each other, evidently setting down ' the old coon' in their own minds as particularly 'green.' ' Why, golly, that's plain enough,' said Terry Smith, a thin-faced, old-fashioned lad whose age might be ten or sixteen years, for his size was ot1 the former, his face of the latter age. ' The Catholics go in for the bishop and the priests, and the Protestants run dead against them— they vote one ticket, you see, and we vote the other.' Although this brief colloquy occupied but a few moments, the youngsters began to show signs of impatience, and guesaed they couldn't wait any longer in the cold. They must sell their papers. ' I'll not keep you many minutes,' said Paul, 'for myself hasn't much time to spare more than you. I jist want to ask you a few questions, and then you can go ior this time. Peter' — to his little brother in deformity — ' Peter, can you tell me who is God?' Peter shook his head. The same question being put to the others in turn, some said they did not know, others had heard of God, but they couldn't tell who He was ; one guessed He was higher than the President and lived a great ways off where nobody ever could see Him. Some of the boys laughed at this and said : ' An't you ashamed not to know who God is ?' Sam Hooks had often heard of God, but he guessed it was all make-believe. Mike Milligan rebuked the young heathen sharply, and answered at once : ' I guess I know ; God is the maker of heaven and earth and all things.' ' Right,' said Paul, ' quite right. God is the Creator of the world, and the Judge of all mankind. He has a heaven of joy and beauty to reward the good, and a fiery hell to punish the wicked. He is a great and mighty God, and it is a dreadful thing to offend Him.' The youngsters listened with gaping wonder, differently affected by the annouuee ment of these awful truths. Some were deeply impressed while others only laughed. ?' Guess he won't come it on me,' said Sam Hooks, putting on a very determined face ; ' I know what he's up to — I do.' ' Shut up there, Hooks,' cried Terry Smith, ' let the man speak, will you.' ' Which of you can tell me how many Gods there are?1' said Paul. Some said three, some two, and a very few answered correctly— of this number again was Paul's first acquaintance, Nike Milligan. 'Good,' said Paul, 'there is only one God, but now tell me, if you can, how many persons in God 1' This was a puzz^r, and after thinking for some time and making various guesses on the subject, it was left to Mike to solve as before. Mike knew the number of persons in the Blessed Trinity, and the names by which they were distinguished. He could also make the sign of the cross. Wondering eyes were turned on Mike, and Paul laid his hand kindly on the lad's shoul der. ' Why, who taught you this, my little man 1 You say you never go to church 1' ' Well, I guess it was Nancy Leary.' ' And who is Nancy Leary 1' The boy looked up at Paul with intent to speak, but the tears gushed from his eyes, his head sank on his breast, and he said nothing. Some of the others hastened to ex plain, Nancy Leary was an old apple woman who had found Mike, when two or three , years old, sitting on a cellar-door crying for his 'mammy,' which individual, whether living or dead, never answered to the call. So Nancy Leary adopted Mike, and shared her bit and her sup, and her straw couch with him while she lived, ay, and begged clothes for him, too, which her rough, weather-hardened hands kept in repair ; but Nancy died and the child could hardly be torn from the white deal coffin in which pub lic charity encased the poor apple-woman's mortal remains ; no wonder, the boy added, for Mike never hud any friend but old Nancy, and she kept him first-rate com fortable. ' I guess I'd know many things I don't know,' sobbed out Mike, '* if Nancy hadn't died that time. She knew all about God, j and the Blessed Virgin, and a sight of things that I don't remember now.' _ ' God rest her soul,' ejaculated Paul with simple fervour, recognizing in the poor street-seller a departed sister in the Lord. The little instruction which had fallen to Mike Milligan's share was unhappily con fined to_ himself. Most of the others were quite willing to learn, however, and appeared much interested in the marvellous things told them of God and the world's redemp tion, and the sublime destiny of man, as co* heir -/ith Christ in the kingdom of His Father. But Sam Hooks was still sceptical, and made a mockery of the whole thing, Hear ing the kingdom mentioned he broke in with an oath : ' Stop there, old fellow. I guess you've gone about far enough. You don't take us for fools, do you1?' ''Deed no, Sam, but I take you for Christians redeemed by the blood of God, and I'd wish to put you in the way of savin' youi souls, and growin' up decent, creditable men.' ' Bosh i wo an't ever going to be much better off than we are now. If you can tell us how to make money and get fine clothes, and good eating and drinking, and have good times all the year round, then I'll call you a blamed smart old chap,- but I guess that an't in your way.' ' Why so, Sam 1' ' Well, it an't hard to tell that, anyhow,' said Sam with a knowing glance at Paul's shabby apparel. ' Don't any fool know that nobody wears a bad coat or a bad hat if he can anywhere's get a good one, and for the eating and drinkin, gosh' — and he laughed in Paul's face — 'you look as though you didn t know what it was, dou'tyon now 1' Some of the youngsters laughed at this sally, but most of them rebuked Hooks for his want of reverence. Sam only laughed the more. ' Don't mind him, sir,' then said Terry Smith, 'I guess he'd talk so to his mother — if he had one— nobody minds him.' ' I'll make you mind me, anyhow,' said Sam, and suiting the action to the word, he applied his fist to Terry's ear with a force that would have knocked him down had not Paul caught him by the arm. Terry seemed disposed to resent the insult, and the other boys would have taken his part, for Sam was no favourite amongst them, but Paul inter poser! at id with no small difficulty succeeded in res.or ngp .'ace. 'As tor you,' said he to Sam, 'I think you had best go your ways.' ' I guess that's about the truest word you've said yet, my old coon,' Sam answered quickly ; ' when Mike Miligan or you catch me again listening to confounded old yarns when I ought to be selling my papers, you may send me up on a kite's back in search of that kingdom you spoke of— you may.' Away he went, and Paul made no effort to detain him. 'If you don't change you hand, my good fellow,' he said to himself, looking after him, ' you'll go up in a rope some day, though not to heaven.' ' Let him go,' said Mike, ' it's a small loss.' ' Well, it an't much matter, Mike,' said he of the Herald, very much in earnest ; ' Sam's a hard case, anyhow. I guess he might run for office any day, if he was only big enough.' ' Eun for office 1' inquired Paul opening his eyes very wide. ' Why, what does that mean V The boys all laughed. ' Ha, ha, old dad, you don't know that — guess you'll never get a nomination, anyhow.' ' Except for scavenger,' suggested Limp ing Joe ; ' there an't much pickings in that, you know, and I guess an honest man might slip in there.' ' Lord, Lord/' said Paul to himself, ' isn't it the quare country all out, but I suppose we must only take our turn out of it,- let it be as it may.' ' Well, boys,' said he, ' it's time I was mbvin' home for I have my breakfast to get before Mass-time. I'm sorry ? I can't stop longer with you now, but next Sunday morning, God willing, you'll all meet me here if the weather ia good, and try to bring some more with you, an' we'll have a little while to talk.' They all promised cheerfully. 'Well now, let us see, before you go,' said Paul, ' if you remember what I told you.' Yes, yes, they remembered : one God, in three persons, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. ' And the heaven- that's to reward the good, and the fiery hell to punish the wicked. You'll keep all that in mind, will you 1' All right, they'd remember that, too, but after a brief consultationamongst themselves they detained Paul to ask another question : ' Who is the Blessed Virgin ?' 'Lord bless m-','' said Paul, oblivious for the moment oi tiie gross darkness that- en* veloped the minds of his hearers, 'L-rd bless m'. ii-»n'' v- u know that 1 Wby. sure, the B osoed Yiygin is the HaSher ©f our Lord. I'll tell you all about Him and key UQZb Sunday, pleaso God.' ' Well,' said Pat Boyle musingly, ' if the Virgin Mary is the Mother of Our Lord, I guesshcr Son must be real angry with some folks' — and he looked significantly afc Joe— 'I've heard awful bad things said of her^-I have.' ' Never mind, my little fellow,' said Paul, 'there was everything bad said of Christ Himself when He was here on earth, but depend on it, He'll one day 3ettle accounts ' with them that blaspheme His mother's name. We must leave it all in His hands.' 'Yes, I guess it's His own business,' said Larry Rooney, ' I know what I'd do to any one that called my mother names— for all 3he's dead now — ' ' Why, what would you do, my boy P' '-? ' i guess — Yd— give them Jessy,' the lad replied speaking through his closed teeth, ac companying his words with an emphatic shake of his tiny fist which came alarmingly near Joe's proboscis, whether by accident or design. ' Well, the Blessed Virgin Is your mother ' and my mother,' said Paul quickly, ' and the mother of all mankind, so you see what it is for any one to disrespect her.' ' Gosh, what a family she's got,' put in Limping Joe, somewhat irreverently. ' There, I told you,' said Mike exultingly 5 . .'. W ' Nancy always called her mother, and she : said she was real good to her, for all I nevef could git sight of her when ahe came along. . y Many a time I tried hard to keep my eyes : v open when Nancy waa at her prayers : at night, to see who she was talking to, but I always fell aaleep as soon as she knelt down and began to pray to God and the Blessed Virgin and Somebody she called Saint Joseph. Guess I wouldn't mind that name so well, only for ' Limping Joe' there, 'cause why, we call him Joseph once in awhile.' ' Blessed Mother,' said Paul half aloud, 'are these the children of fathers that suf fered and died for the faith?' The tears gushed from his eyes, seeing which, the youngsters were much astonished, and looked up curioesly in his face. Paul laid his hand kindly on the head of each, and told them not to mind him, but go home and be good boys. ' God be with you till I see you again,' said he, ' and mind what I told you in re- ' gard to bringin' some more of the boys next Sunday.' Away scampered the ragged company9 all except Mike Milligan, who was detained a moment by Paul. ' You'll not forget the other affair — eh, Mike?' ' . - ' See if I do,' Mike answered with a saga cious nod. . ?' You're sure you know th8 house ?' ,;). 'I guess I do,' and he grinned signifiv cantly. 'Very well, you may go now.' Mike ran off with a hop, step, and a jumpy and overtook the others just as they reached the gate. The last Paul saw of him he was mounted on the shoulders of the Times' re presentative, which position' he had gained with a spring, as the terminus of his race. Paul stoosS a moment looking after his pro mising pupils, and once or twice he shook his head. ' Well, God help us,' said he to himself, ' I'm afeard it's a poor chance — howsomever9 we can only try. We'll do our best, and leave the rest to God.' He looked up at the clock in the cupola and found to his surprise that it was already half-past nine. ' By the laws,' said he to himself, ' I'll have work to get my breakfast and be away in time — who'd think it was so late 1' Hurrying home as fast as he could, he found Dolly fretting and talking to herself at a great rate about the breakfast being spoiled, and, people ' goin' stravagin' about, when they ought to be in the house to get a com fortable bit an' sup of a Sunday mornin'. It was purty work, so it was,' Dolly said as she placed the meal on the small table before Paul. The little man laughed and hummed in Irish in a not unmelodious voice : '0 woman of three cows, agragb, don't let you? tongue thus rattle ; O don't be saucy, don'fc be proud, altho' yon may have cattle.' This allusion to her good luck restored Dolly's good humour. ' Wisha, that I mayn't sin, Paul, but you'd make a body laugh if they were dyin' — hurry with your breakfast like a dacent man as you are, till I get the things cleared away.' ' Oh to be sure,' said Paul, ' to be sure, we're like a hen on a hot griddle till we see the priest the day. Sure enough, this money beats the world wide.' . Paul's frugal meal was soon dispatched and away he went to St. James's, well pleased to find Mass had not yet commenced. It so happened that the sermon that day was ?. on the text ' Faith without works is dead,' and as the preacher proceeded to enumerate the works which are most available for salvation, Paul's heart swelled with joy as his ears drank in the glorious promise : ' They uho instruct the ignorant ahull shine as fcke, ELtgss in hecwen.' T W/A ?:??.?????:? .- ? .' ? ?'?? :i\ ''??!' \\-:::'Jy. ' * 