CATHEDRAL OF ST. PETER, NORTH ADELAIDE. The completion of the present buildings of St. Peter's Cathedral, North Adelaide, was celebrated by a short service, held in the new place of worship, on Thursday, afternoon, worship, Thursday afternoon, Starch 30. His/ Lordship the Bishop (Dr. Short) had invited by advertisement all who were interested to attend, and there was accordingly * large gathering. The dignitaries of the Church ' who took part in the service were'His Lordship, the Tory Ber: Dean Basse}!, the Very Key. Archdeacon Marryat, the -Very Her. Percy Dove, Archdeacon of Flinden; and the Bev. Canon Farr. There were alao prevent the Bet* 8. Green, A. Hfcnner, W. H. Mudle, T. Field, F. B. Poole, H. J. Poole, W. B. Andrew*, B. Jenldnr, and W. H. Sharpe, The gathering in cluded persons belonging to other deno minations, and amongst these way His Honor the Chief Justice (Mr, S. J. Way). Saortiy after half-past 4 o'clock aprooesiion, consisting of His Lordship, the surplioed clergymen, and the members from this choirs of BtL Paul's C&urch;?Chri?tohnroh. and All Saints' Ohuroh, mmiiiniT?ti | In surplices, marched up the aisle of the Cathedral to the nave, singing the 297th hymn in the collection of Ancient and Modern Hymns, When the singing was eon eluded His Lordship offered the following prayer:—Almighty and Sternal God, who in the beginning didst create all things visible **\<\ invisible: Thoudwellest not in temples made with Hainfo. seeing Thou fiUest all tht^p, and art preient everywhere; we. Thine unworthy creatures and servants, whom Thou hast per mitted to build this house to the glory ?f Thy name, ate here Msnmbifd before Thee to offer up, through the mediation of Thy Son, Jesus Christ, ouz humble praises and *t?*?ir^gi?i?ig? for that Thou halt prospered thus far the work of ( eur hands upon us. Vouchsafe to sanctify us more And more to Thy service, and grant that all ta^y who In the faith of Thy dew Son, by ?whoia -Thou didst reconcile the world unto ThyjeS. gave of their substance to lay the fows&kuml; of ihls'sanotuary, may be built up on thjkt ,?ioat holy faith; and that through Thy grace this house maybe a oontinnal witness to them and.us in our daily work of Thy redeem ing love; helping us to crucify the flesh with its affections and lust, and drawing up our minds to high and heavenly things; go that among the sundry and manifold changes rf the world our ..hearts may. surely there be fiied where true joys are to be found through Jesus Christ bur Lord. Amen.'" The **Te Deum" was then chanted by the choir, and the Very Bev. Dean Bnsiell read the Itason for the dayy vix., L Peter, chap, ii, first 18 verses. The 320th hymn haying been sung, His Lordship delivered the following address: — "Brethren—We are met together to offer our fMnksgiving te the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ for that He has permitted trn to erect this sanctuary to His holy name. But 'will God in very deed' hear from Heaven, His dwelling plaoe, and have respeot unto the prayers of * His servants?' Are not His eyes in evety plaoe, beholding the evfl and the good, * that He may reward every man according to bis works?* 'At sundry times, and in diveia manners,' He has declared Himself to man— Himself; ' tha same yesterday, to-day, and for ere*.' 'He hath showed thee, oh man, what is good ; He hath required thee to do justice, to love mercy and walk humbly with thy God.' He has never left Himself without witness in that * He doeth good, filling our hearts with food aad gladness.' He has spoken of old to His Baints—sometimes in visions, sometimes by dream, sometimes by the still small voice, sometimes in flunes of fire, sometimes in angelic form, and sometimes in human shape. *He showed His ways unto Moses; His works unto .His. children of Israel.* His presence went with them through, the wilderness. He Mini?f?(|?fl' a tabernacle to be made as ' the dwelling plaoe ,of that presence ; and the Glory of the Lord rested upon it by night and by day. He dwelt between the cherubim on the mercy-seat of the ark. From thenoe proceeded, in the Temple of Solomon, the living orades of God, given to the High Priest In times of national distress. Withdrawn for a while after the captivity, the Almighty presence appeared again in the living temple of Christ's body. ' Destroy this temple and in three days I will raise it again.' And when that temple was taken from the earth, another comforter, the Eternal Spirit, came to abide with the earth for ever. Now, through the- Holy Ghost, wherever two or three are' gathered together in Christ's name, there God, as in His *?"?iplfi, is among them. 'By His spirit the whole body of the Ohnreh is governed and .sanctified,' and when we are. gathered together .in His name, God js Terr near, to us, in the as sembly .of His people.. Thus this place is a witness ior God that He is not 'afar off,' for in 'Him we live, and move and have our being.' Let this, then, be our devout convic tion, that so; in* the midst of an unbelieving world, the symbol of the Crocs lifted high on this Cathedral may remind as of oar lard's prophecy that by His cross He ' would draw all men unto Him.' Having, then, in fo*t faith, through grace begun this work, let us in faith carry it on to completion^ A few jeats' perseverance in giving cf our substanoe for this good purpose would accomplish all that we detire. Having put our hand to the plough, let us not turn back. The weak things of the world have often been found to confound the' mighty. The alms of the widow were counted exceeding precious in the •jes of the Lord. Ail, then, may con tribute to the building of this sanctuary if there beiratnrsta 'willing mind;' and God •tit up the hsaifcs 6t the people to offer m He ha* prospered eaoh cne of them. Qlre, then, freely, give cheerfully, give as unto the Lord and not onto men. Make an offering', if you will, before 70a leave this place, or whenever, or wherever, or to whatever amount tt seemeth to you good. And the Lord Almighty blew yon. Amen. 9' The service closed with ?ingh>g and the prononndsg of the benediction. Mr. Landergan ably presided at the harmonium, and Mr. H. Smttos acted as leader of the choir. An offertory waa made in aid of the funds of the Cathedral. 