To the Editor of the Yorkes Peninsula Advertiser. I hope, Mr. Editor, you will excuse me for again troubling you with a few words. There are so many things occurring and so muc h talk, that I can keep silent no longer, The chief topic, and the one that most concerns us, is the discharging of men m the Wallaroo Mines. Of course we cannot expect the proprietors to work the mine at a loss ; but we miners are of the opinion that, if the mine will not pay by employing a fair number of men, she will not pay at all. But little would we care about Wallaroo Mine if we could get work elsewhere, for £1 subsist is all a great many men have been getting for the last twelve months. If we could get work on the Port Wakefield Line it would be far better than working in the Wallaroo Mines for £1 per week, nearly starving our .families, and perhaps cheating the store- I keepers besides. But I suppose when I g« to look for work on the railway, I shall be told, like other men, that they are full handed. What are we going to do Mr. Editor? The colony is literally full; the 1 abb r market is glutted ; and hundreds of men, I am told, are fed in Adelaide at the Government's expense, eating up the revenue that we are taxed to pay. Poor fellows 1 they can't help it ; they would work could they get it. Is this th? wise legislation that we have heard so much about 1 Is our member, Mr. Ross, fulfilling the promise that he made before his constituents, that Government works should be in advance of the immigrants, so that when they landed they should have work at once ? I think, Sir, that we should only be doing our duty were we to stand up ami demand the cessation of immigiation. I want to know what confidence we can put m Members of Parliament, after looking at the way Mr. Ross has treated us 1 Oliver Cromwell, or someone like him, is wanted to enter Parliament House, and did ve out, its members and turn the key in the door. When, I would ask, will the political dishonesty of South Australia come to an end ? 1 don't think, Sir, that I ever before told you that the Wallaroo Mines is visited by ghost;" if I. did. pardon me for the repitilion. For some time past, so I am told, t wo ghosts have been seen walking up and down the tramway at midnight; but no person has been able to get near them, they are so swift of foot. I suppose if there is an}- possibility of catching them they will now be caught, for 1 find that (besides the old watchman) there are two captaiiLs by night constantly walking up and down the tramway, if haply they might see the ghosts and give them chase. But they ought to know that the material cannot keep pace with the immaterial, neither can mortality contend with immortality : so lhal their efforts are likely to prove abortive. There are not so many men out of work as it, was said would be out. A great many tut work men have settled on tribute, and some few have, found work on the railway. Some are going to carry tea. One is going to hawk vegetables. One of the late drivers of the Bull engine is expecting, 1 am told, a fortune. £3000, from England. If this is true he need not trouble about engine driving ; but I am inclined to think that it is an equivocation, as I know that he is a rara a vis. I .shall close bj 7 saying that the larrikins have got into their slang a new phrase, and you may hear them hollowing " take browiny, dear." Yours, itc... F1NNIS CLAIMS JOTTER. 