The Stonewall. The excitement over the stonewall is grow ing ia intensity. Last night Parliament yar< was filled by an excited crowd who were nnable to obtain admittance, and who -discussed the situation in all its bearings. The topic that was most discussed was the resignation of Mr Higinbotham, and the regret expressed was deep and heartfelt. Policemen hovered cm the edges of tho crowd as if they expected some disturbance, but order was preserved throughout. I confess that when I took my seat last night in my accustomed place a melancholy feeling crept over mo. I gazed around the chamber, and there was one figure absent that I could not bnt miss. In the extreme opposition corner sat Messrs Cope and Richardson ; but where was thoir confrcman, George Higinbotham? He was gone, Mr Richardson who has so faithfully followed tho great tribune from one Bide of tho House to the other must have been tempted to exclaim to himself last night in tho words of Thomas Moore : — " I feel like one who treads alone. Some banquet hall deserted ; The lightB are fleu , tho garla : da dead, And all but he departed ! ' Left alone, I fancy these members must have felt dreary and sad. To my mind it seemed as if the ghost of the departed tri- huno was hovering over tho deserted cham ber in gigantic outlines, looking down upon the turmoil with the cool, philosophic, sad . gaze so peculiarly Higinbothamian. Some 1 members must miss him, for Mr Higinbotham was tho most con scientious of legislators, tho most, patient of listeners. It mattered not how dreary the debate might be, how dull and piatitn- dinnlthe speakers, Mr Higinbotham remained in his corner, solemn, upright and attentive, the calm, impressive face fixed upon, the, speaker. The proceedings in Parliament last night oan be summed up in very few wordB. Mr Berry and his side pathetically implored, en treated the Government to extinguish them, while Sir James M'Culloch declared that he was merciful and intended In tnon velvet' glove on for some little time to see if the Opposition would adjure their practices, and become clothed and in their right minds. Bnt several mem bers on his own side were quite as emphatic that the Iron Hand should be stretched- forth. Mr Munro was theatrical and melo dramatic last night. Sir James said that he hopod the Opposition would give way. Mr Munro shouted in O. Smithian tones, "Never, nbyeb, NEVER 1" and quite astounded the House. Mr Woods made a speech, so earnest, so thoroughly declamatory, that he surprised evoryone, It was tno most tribunal Bpcech wo have heard in tho Assembly for years, except from George Higinbotham, and this from Mr Woods, who has nover been thought an orator. It was indeed a fervid harangne. The stonewall will be resumed to-night after private business, and will bo continued until tho engagement of the sensational star, the Iron Hand, on Tuesday next. 