WAITING FOE THE BRIDE. Coating a vestry ie about as tedious s way OF- passihg' the -time as man can know. More tedious for me, however, than for Stephanos ; for Ste- phanns.is bridegroom, and has plenty to think about, whereas I am only grooms man. Tea, to-day, my friend Stephanos leads to the hymeneal altar, Fanny, the lovely and accomplished daughter of Blank de Blank, Esq.; and in his anxiety not to keep that fair lady wait ing, Stephanas has dragged me down to the chnrch full haifan hourtoo soon, and is now wearing out the time and the parish carpet by walking abont the vestiy in a state of nervous trepidation pitiful to behold. We are waiting for the bride. NW,l am accustomed to these things. It is not the first time by many that I have waited in a vestry npon a busi ness like the present— don't misunder stand me, I mean only as second; never, never as principal — so I am merely bored ; bnt Stephanos, the hero of the day, is, of course, painfully nervous, and well he may be. It is not calculated to calm a bridegroom's feelings to be told by the parish clerk — a man of icy com posure himself — that " the men are always the nervous est on these occasions," nor for the beadle to soggest, that "a mouthful of water wonld do a power of good." Stephanos -ia_a man of hasty temper; a parish clerk is always an irritating creature ; all the better feelings of a man's nature incite Mm to assault a beadle whenever practicable, so I inter fere, and in playful mood desire of Stephanos his opinion as -to the advisa bility of being married under chloroform. Stephanus's wrath, diverted from the officials by this sally, is at once directed against me;- and advising me at any rate to try not to make a fool of my self he resumes his walk, indignant. Of course, were a reasonable creature to give me so offensive an answer as that, I should consider it necessary to take the matter up ; but as a man on the very verge of matrimony can scarcely be looked npon in that lights I smile sig nificantly at the beadle, and stroll into the church. I there observe, what I have often noticed at weddings before, that many of the pews in the immediate neighbourhood of the commnnion-table are filled with women, most of them middle-aged, bat some older, and some few vonnser. " Who are those people in the pews there ?" I inquire of the beadle. '-'-Well, sir," says the beadle, " if they ain't your party — " Certainly not;" I interpose hastily. "Then," continues the beadle, " they're people as takes a interest — a general interest in matrimony. We always has plenty of 'em at every wedding." A general interest in matrimony ! Here is food for philosophical reflection. What kind of persons can they be who take such a general interest in matri mony as to attend, strange weddings for the mere pleasure of witnessing the ceremony i So I call Stephanos, and, to divert his thoughts, point out to him the middle-aged occupants of the pews, give him the beadle's answer, and then ask him what kind of people he supposes them to be. "What kind of people 1" replies Ste phanos in a savage tone, the presence of these uninvited witnesses seeming to displease -.him highly; "why, broken- down bridemaids, of course." Now, although this reply of Stephanas is undoubtedly quick and pertinent, and one which reason and sanity scarcely so prosperously have been de livered of, yet at the same time it is offensive— very offensive. I can't con cave of such a creature as a broken- down bridemaid. Bridemaids, I remark to Stephanos, are fairy things — Bweet, gamy, charming bangs — roses in the rosebud garden of girls — all that can be dreamed of as pure, and blissful, and over young. I assure Stephanos that for my own part I could as easily con- cave of an, old angel or a passe cherub, as of a broken-down -iridemaid, and X venture to Suggest to him that bach phrase as 'the one he has made use of comes with peculiar impropriety from a man in his position. And- yet I confess to myself— for Stephanos, like the pom craven bride groom in Young Locknivar, says never a word, but betakes frtauwlf to a ride aisle, which he paces more like the miserable ghost of a beadle than the happieetof men — I confess to myself that there are a few, things even, about bridemaids that X could wish reformed. X could \- - wish, in the first place that they would not come up in snch numbers as to fill one's house, and/compel the .proprietor to sleep s an .AbjiL Bat let that rpass. X coulfl wish "thSf they would not make snch a terrible frissabout a wedding; . and that they wonld not consider the bride and themselves as the most impor tant personages in the business. X could wish that they 'would not brake a print of reminding - yon, by every word, look, and gesture; that the whole sex JiBidqing you an enormous favour jii /#fllo wing you ' to many one of them. It is not . generous to keep you so constantly in \- mind of the obligation imder which JOtt '- . lief if, indeed; yjk?d»': an obligation, of which, however- — - — But that .point I wilLuotoffiacnia.' I couliwiBb that tbey would devhe days immediately pre ceding (ho podding to ponm pther amusement than that of pertinaciously snubbing every nude thing that ap proaches them. We don't need to be so suspiciously watched, npon my word, we don't We have no wish to rit npon bonnet-boxes ; we have no evil designs against the bride's veil ; we have no intention of maliciously destroying bou quets. What the actual advantage of having snch flimsy useless things may bo- Bnt that wonld bring on quite another question. X could wish, too, that they wonld talk wf the bride in a different manner. I don't want to put it offensively, but to me it is nauseating, absolutely nauseating. Why on earth do they always call her " poor thing )" Why never mention her name without appending "poor dear?" Poor dear Fanny, indeed ! It strikes me that poor dear Fanny may consider her self very fortunate. What more wonld she have I Stephanos is a decidedly good-looking man — six feet in his stock ings — fine . head of hair — good average shot — first rate with the gloves — swims like a fish — hits well to square leg. What more would she have ) The man's a paragon. But that's the way with bridemaids. I will be bound that the bridemaids of (hat pretty little beggar- girl who made that undeniably good match with King Cophetua; called her " poor -dear Snag," find.. bade, her " never mind, bnt try ' to keep up." !Ljy tqkeep np! Now, did anybody evri 'know- a bride who didn't keep np % 1 never did, Bnt there appears to be a delusion rooted in the bridemaid mind that it is rather the thing for a bride to exhibit symptoms of feinfcness, and that it would be only nice of her to faint clean away. Why, I remember an occasion when a bride astonished me by her composure. She stood perfectly upright, as firm as a rock, and surprised everybody . by the calm and ready way in which, to use a theatrical phrase, she managed the business, and by the clear and andible voice with which she disposed of the gag. The ceremony over, rite imparted to her ladies in the vestry that really being married was not snch a terrible affair after all, dashed off her signature, took her husband's arm, and walked to the carriage in a style that won the commendation of all the pew-openers, and sent the beadle in such a stupor of admiration that it was necessary to nndge him twice in order to draw his attention to his fee. Now, mark 1 Wilfully shotting her eyes to facts, a bridemaid, in answer to an approving observation of mine npon the calmness of the bride; said that I was quite mistaken abont the matter ; Jane's calmness was merely forced calmness, poor thing (observe, "poor thing" still); that riie was the most nervous creature possible; and that at one part of the service — namely, when poor Jane's eye first caught sight of the ring, she (the bridemaid) was on the point of springing forward with the scent-bottle as she feared for a moment that it was impossible for so excitable a girl as dear Jane to keep np any longer. What enormous nonsense is this ) Is there anything to be ashamed of in going with calmness through a ceremony to which these young ladies have been looking forward for years) After so many dress-rehearsals — every wedding in wMch a lady figures as bridemaid is merely a dress -rehearsal for her own — it would bo b tnago Indeed, should the actress break down. Why snch pride "In" shewing that they are the weaker sex ) Why flaunt their infirmities before our eyes in this fashion ! It is so absnrdly unnecessary ; for, as X have just said, brides never do break down after alL A bridemaid may declare that her prin cipal was on the point of tainting, and may assure yon that she herself is certain to font when die is married ; bnt let that important event come round, let her once don the bride's veil and orange blossoms, and the pretly little braggart dare not faint for the life of her. She turns craven at the last moment, and behaves as she should, amply because she can't screw up her courage to behave as she should not - After this, the ap pearance of faintness that is sometimes assumed in the vestiy is a mockery. It imposes npon nobody ; and if it is affected, as I suppose it is, in order to make np for the fail ore at the altar, and to redeem the bride's character in the eyes of her bridemaids, it is amply labour thrown away. After failing on the stage, it is only provoking derision to act the part again in the green-room. It is no good, ma'am, at alL Your ladies may press round you, and tender their services officiously ; but; be assured, though they affect sympathy, they are no more imposed upon than the pew- opener, who of course is incredulous to the last degree. X could wish, again, that bridemaids were not all so wondrously alike — in behaviour, of course,! mean. The Fates forbid, O Emilia, that I should compare thy roses and lilies, thy starry eyes and raven lochs, with the saffron complexion and hair like the fringe to bed-hangings of— hat I abhor personalities; or thy Juno-like contour; Paragons, -with the corporeal twists iff — but beshrew me if X name her. No, what X mean is, that in their conduct; in their mode of being bridemaids, no to speak, they are all so. much alike. The-rea30n is plain enough. Thoy-copy each ..other ja-Jtmapk They 30 fa for rervile imitation. ->lnd eed, so exactly does 'one bridemaid resemble another, so perfectly similar are these six or right at St. -George's to those six or eight at St James's, and X fed con vinced — though I have never yet been able to lay my hand npon it— that there is eome book on the subject; eome Bride- maid's Manual, eome -Note to be a Bride- maid, winch contains a table of rules. In no other way can.. X -account far the astonishing sameness, the strange want of originality, that ie characteristic of bridemaids. There must be some work of the kind, and the roles contained in it must be much 'like these : Bale 1. — The bride's party having arrived at the church, the bride is con ducted by her father to the altar, where the bridegroom awaits her. The bride-, maids fallow the bride closely; and directly the bridegroom comes well within range, it is the dnly of every , bridemaid. to fix .'upon him the most reproachful glance she can summon, upl. tether picture to/herself thedragonibat used to feed on blooming yoqqg>%pn8; fat her do her best to/tocyegroom the dragon, and 'Ahe -bride the nhfortn- nate viigin ; let ter get all that into her: eye, and if the fallow do not qnail— : Bule 3.— Tfcejpnncipsls being paraded ; w jhe pjlawwlthe fit# bride . ' ?-i- - mad hands her bouquet to the second bridemaid, and leaning gracefully for ward, arranges a fold in the bride's veiL The second bridemaid then returns the bonquet to the first bridemaid, intimating, as she does so, by a glance of commen dation or approving nod, that the first bridemaid has only done her duty, for that the ceremony could not possibly have been proceeded with had the veil remained as it was. I have known cases when the first bridemaid arranged the vol without handing her bouquet to her companion. This mode of proceeding, however, is riot only less graceful than the former, but it also argues a spirit of selfishness on the part of the first bridemaid; a greediness of glory strongly to be depre cated ; a desire to draw the eyes .of the spectators upon herself alone, to the exclusion of her oster-bridemaida. Male 3. — The service fairly commenced, it most be the earnest effort of every bridemaid to look only at the bride ; to indulge no vain curiosity as to how the bridegroom bears it; to let no stray glances wander towards the groomsman ; but by fixing the eyes and the attention Bolely upon the bride, to assist her in keeping np. This is no: idle conjecture of mine. X was informed the other day, by a young lady fresh from a wedding, that oopiiia, tiu first bridemaid, had. never taken her eyes off poor Clara Trom beginning of the ceremony to the end ; — this in a tone implying that, in the speaker's estimation, Sophia was a model bridemaid. On the other hand, X have often heard some such remark as : "Did yon see So-and-so staring all about the chnrch, and scarcely looking at poor Celia ) Wasn't it cruel )". I must con fess that to look at the bridegroom most be a great temptation. If he is nervous — and he generally is — what a triumph for the sex ! That great strong man, Ms very beard quivering with agitation, mumbling ont his words in jerks like a boy who doesn't know his lesson, and all on acconnt of that little girl ! What a triumphant thought ! what a compliment to woman ! what a proof of the superiority of inind to mat ter ! A great temptation, no doubt ; bnt Dnty says, Look only at the bride ; and Taste adds, that if the bridemaid can manage to do this through her tears, it will greatly add to the effect — will pro- dace much the same pleasing result that words spoken through music produce in a melodrama. Bide 4. — The ceremony over, the bridemaids fallow the newly-made wife to the vestiy, and then and there kiss her; one after the Either— the first bride maid leading off the second following, and so on, Bule 5. — After the salute, the bride maids form np, cluster, bouquet fashion, about the bride, so that she may stand, like a little queen in the midstof her court, to receive the kisses and congratula tions of the outsiders — her father, and mother; and people of that kind. The bride then signs, and ispntintoher carriage, and the bridemaids' duties are ended. They have accompanied their friend to the very verge of the honourable estate ; they have watched her cross the stream they are not yet to cross; she has passed over to the care of another than they ; let them not linger, bnt take their wedding-garlands and their — seats, and away to the breakfast At this Stage or-tho p-0-eedu..ti— OTeUnuB similarity that I have mentioned as ex isting vanishes away.' The woman may be seen through the bridemaid. They now admit of classification, and may be fairly divided, I think, into three sets, as thus : bridemaids engaged, bridemaids disengaged, and bridemaids disappointed. With regard to the first of these classes, I remember, at my cousin Agnes's wedding-breakfast; bong surprised at the silence of Chaucer Jonea He — a fellow of most excellent fancy — he who is wont to set the table in a roar — sat quite chop-fallen ; not a word to throw at a dog ; not one halfpenny worth of wit to an intolerable deal of champagne. What could be the reason I Was he ill f Was he in love) Was he in debt) No. Chancer Jones was sitting between two bridemaids engaged. 1 h, she iB sparing of her smiles, is the bridemaid engaged 1 Her manner is distant to a painful degree. She exercises none of her charms upon yon; she wishes yon to understand that she is another's ; she is so confoundedly anxious to give yon no encouragement, that at times she is simply rude. The greater her beauty, the more utterly extinguishing is this behaviour. Your efforts to get up a pleasant and easy conversation, become more and more feeble ; and at last yon rink back in yonr chair, silent; crashed, hopeless ; feeling as if yon were sitting on the shady side of an iceberg, or as if, like the wedding-cake, yon had been lately frosted — but not with sugar. Her reasons for this conduct are sound enough. She is engaged to another, and she wishes to save yon the dis appointment which yon will assuredly suffer in case yon fall in love with her — a misfortune she too hastily considers certain, unless she pats some restraint npon Aer fascinations. Accordingly, she jeefrains them so carefully, that her smiles, like dogs in the dog-days,are all muzzled, or led by a string : and her glances are so cold, and . her answers so her yourself; you areSnattn aaOnieninfent: that another shonlrTliave had the au dacity to do eo. There is but one way to tkaw the' coldness of the bridemaid engaged;. lead. her to suppose that yon are yourself engaged, or, still better, married, and die will be a different girl in a moment. Bnt -give me class two. The bride- mod disengaged is the bridemaid far me. Oh, at the wedding-feast may my lot be cast beside ha 1 She is in the land of hope. In her case, there is no jealous Intended to be thought ot The world is all before her where to choose. X care mot much how old she is, or how young— within reasonable limits. I've known than .precociously fascinating at fifteen ; I've known them maturely en chanting at fi veand-twen ty. I care hot whether she is dark or fair, tall or short. I take them ss they come; and am thankful X prefer them pretty— greatly pteferthem pretty — bnt I have known so-many who were more indebted to the mind than to. the face for their charms, that X lay down no positive ruleabout this.' 'They are all delightful at the: wedding-breakfast. There is xromething abont that -banquet; particolariy-if her neighbour at table have ..taken some jparfc in the ipamage business >J Ike morning, that seems to exhilarate bridemaid strangely. It's not — psh no 1 — it's not champagne. That's a vul error. I have sometimes thought t it might be the cracker bon-bons, even they are not sufficient explanat There is much that is exhilarating doubt, about those lively confectit but these exalted spirits are due eometing nobler, something higher t crackers. It is the feeling of ha been in close proximity to somet rather dreadful ; of having watched passage of a friend along a perilous ; that the bridemaid herself may ha< tread some day ; it is this, comb with the consciousness of white lace bouquets, and the possibility of hi being the next victim ; it is this does it It is the joy of the secot the breakfast after the duel; dm past, honour satisfied, and nobody Ira The third class is that of the - maids disappointed. These axe B- maids who have been engaged, but fle engagement, through their own JB, or throngh the perfidy of man, haBi broken off They must be lookedBi as a sort of bridemaid widow, aSs snch, must be regarded with apmBr- sion, and talked to with caution. Bey combine, to some extent, the Ber matronly air of the bridemaid eied, with the youthful vivacity of thepde- maid disengaged, and are remarlcR no f urbanity to the task sex, than for their xspmj — younger and prettier part, of tire femqla They are disagreeable from their too &TP;&ent; desire to be agreeable, and, thopgt often pretty, unattractive, because off t'eir too great eagerness to attract Site the serpent tribe, they seek to foscijja: their prey with the eye, and, like te cat tribe, love rather to catch tlmiirictim by surprise, than by hunting unfairly down. They affect to have ted as bridemaid at bnt one marriage (bore is their lives, yet tell yon the krafeat particulars of a dozen. They#t» yon that speeches have qoite gone at at weddings, but try to incite yfao pro pose the bride and bridegropn As breakfast proceeds,, and the Aspagne circulates, they hint to you fib man is deceitful. They pull crackqregerly, and laugh bashfully at the mofifcc After pulling one with the man onlft other 'side of them, they whisper tfi on that he does it so awkwardly. Iff ley have pretty haada, they show y out; ring on their finger that was given Ram by a dear friend now no more. Hey then sigh, and bite the corner of fir hand kerchief ; after wMch they hit to you again that man is perfidious. j Ihey like lobster Balad, and eat encfaously of creams and jellies. When piakfast is over, they wonder what peopbare going to do now, at the eame time evidently knowing all about it As tre leave the room with the rest of thefldies, they look back at yon, and shake their bead. This means that man is vera/ perfidious. They are of bridemaids the Just danger ous, the most subtle ; Bnt hold! Here comejs the bride's parly at last Now, tepliaus, my boy, collect your faculties, take long breath, and be ready. There she is the heroine of the day ; and, npon my word, now I come to look at her there i ; a good deal to be said for you, Stepbai is. You are not entirely without so ie show of reason on yonr side, Stepsons. She is really pretty, and the fvedding-dress Suite hey capitaily, and uncommonly be- and yet not exactly frigheied, either — with which she advance! leaning on Blank de Blank, Esq.'s aim And very well he looks too, the oldnoy. And — Ah, there yon are, my beraies 1 I see yon ! I've been thinking at you. Two, four, six, eight ! Very jjood ! — very pretty, indeed 1 Ah, Ara&ta;, my love, it will be for you to hav Aidemaids of your own next week, wffit it ) Yes, he's just behind you, alone of the pews — No. 60. Don't Ioe round now. Think only of poor Faire, yon know. Do as yon wonld be dondre, Araminta ; as you wonld be done by, 8 dear. Aba, Cecilia, I see yon! Wre nervous, Cecilia; You can't deny 'M Your Bmile shews it. Well, it's yonnSt experience of bridemaidsMp, and 1 look very nice ; npon my honour; 1 do. But don't smile, my pet ; bea ; like Con- stantia. She doesn't s i. On the contrary, she looks eo : ous, that I half suspect she is think of the time when she thought she » " Dearly beloved, we are gatherer igether" Oh, I beg your pardt I'm sure — — "gathered together." 1 s. 