THE i$.T h g p Wi »g g sr ^.b f> e r \ i s r v " This is true liberty, when freeborn men, Having to Advise tho public, may speak free." Milton. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1876. When Mr. Dam,ey mode his memorable speech at Kiama, in which be rusuroc tionised the ghost, amused himself and his audience very much at Mr. Parkbs' oxponse, and attacked Mr. Fitzpatrick, he elicited " roars of laughter" no doubt, and won a certain amount of fame by his clever sarcasms. But just as it is we are told that "our sincerest laughter with some pain is fraught," there was in this instance a very general undercurrent of grave regret at the injudiciousness of Mr. Dalley's utterances oven in the minds of those to whom their humour brought the keenest enjoyment. Mr. Dalley ap pears to have forgotten the story of Nemesis, or if lie remembered it, perhaps did not calculate upon the possibility of the avenger following sn olosely in his footsteps. He missed also the more homely teaohing of the proverb that "curses like chickens come home to . roost." It will be rememberod that while sorno short time back referring to Mr. Dalley's Kiama speech, we gave that gentleman full credit for his performance as a specimen of after dinner oratory. But we did not omit to protest against, the shameful attack he then made upon the member for Yass Plains who had presumed to question the quality of the administration. To Mr. Dalley in his hamorons mood there was some thing " altogether too grotesque and intolerable " in the iden that Mr. Fitzpatrick should dare to aspire to the office of a responsible minister. The absurdity of such a presumption wns illustrated for Mr. Dalley by the fact that the obnoxious member is n man who after serving1 the state faithfully for twenty years has got the reward of his rectitude in the shape of a pension, and who, with his matured ex perience, is still ready and willing to serve the State in other directions. This may bo " grotesque and intoler able " from Mr. Dalley's jocular stand point, but to our convictions, and we have, no doubt, to the minds of most people who have studied Mr. Dalley's address, and are not absolutely blinded with the glamour of his witty eloquence, it is the evidence of an honourable and conscientious character. Mr. Dalley succeeded in guiniug roars of laughter at Kiama, and he is welcome to them for whnt they are worth. But if any special thaukB are to bo offered him by the most thoughtful of the people of this colony for his speech, it will bo be cause it has been the means of letting us know a little more about Mr. Fitzpatrick as a politician than we might have learned otherwise. In biB address to the electors of Yass, which is reported at great length in the Tass Courier, Mr. Fitzpathick has completely turned the tabled upon his assailant, and the truthful strength of his answer is in strong contrast with Mr. Dallet's post-prandial wittioisms. Mr. Fitzpatrick has shown us that he is not ouly a conscientious servant of the people, but that ho has many set tled convictions on matters of admin istration which party pressure cannot influence, and which, by their nature, are alike creditable to his head and heart, while they also bear testimony to the industry with which bo has watched the parliamentary and minis terial progress. He has Bhown the electors of Yobs, and the published ro port of his speech will convince the whole pominuuity, that if there was anything "grotesque" in the circum stances referred to, it was to bo found in the speotaolo of an Attorney-Gen eral playing clown in public. More over, ho shows that if there was any. thing " intolerable" it was that » ministry should bo permitted to break administrative pledges without apology, olid answer a pnrliatmin tary attack with extra parliarf>ontiu y abase. Lengthy ob it is, wo liavo carefully read Mr. l'Vrzi'ATltlUK's ad dioss, and arc sorry that the limits of our spaco do not allow of our reproducing it, and we could not do full jnstico to it by abbreviation. Let it suffice then to say that he has pointed out soveral instances of mal administration, which should be su(li< cient to coudomn ntiy ministry. Fur their railway policy, ho lias challenged that in such a way, that we might al most imagino ho was present at Wagga indignation meeting the other night. Ho tolls us that he will vote for no expenditure upon subsidiary lines till tho main trunks linvo been provided for. Ho denounces tlio Junee- Narandora Pooncarie branch as a ubgIbss extravagance, and if lie does not exactly call it a job, lie leaves very little doubt oil our minds that he thinks it so. He condemns tho Government for tbeir negloot of Electoral reform, pointing out tlio shameful anomalies of representation that now exist. Summing up the work of the session, towards the close of which ho introduced his ill-advised motion of no-confidence, he shows us that all really important legislation had been either negatived, withdrawn, or postponed, tho nett result being tho passing ot' four Acts—the Gunpowder Bill, tho Poisons Bill, the Agreements Validating Bill, and the Bill to regu late coal mining. But tho best of Mr. PlTZPATRlCrc's speech, is in tho conclu ding sentences in which lie retaliates upon his Kiamfk critic. Ho acccpts the sneer of Mr. Damey that he had been a subordinate as a compliment, and candidly tolls us bow ho is tho son of a shoemaker, and that lie narrowly escaped being apprenticed to a boat builder. He shows ns how at great personal sacrifice his mother educated him for a higher walk in life, and how he entered tho civil service at the princely wage of 5s. a day, and how by progressive steps ho reached that point at which the Government consi sidered he was entitled to a retiring pension. That his origin was hnmble and that his after years are prosperous and surrounded with some share of public honours, as the result of his own ability and rectitude, are circum stances that invite and will secure admiration in spite of Mr. Dallet's sneers. The very fact too, of his entering on conscientious principles on the troubled sea at politics, is a proof if of nothing else, that be has some feeling of gratitudo to the country that has already substantially recognised his merits. 