ELEANOR'S VICTORY. CHAPTER XVII.—(Coktikcep) BY THE AUT80H OF "LADV A01»J£T'6 6KCRET," " AURORA riOTV," &C;,, &C.; "I know it's very bold and wicked and horid to fall in love with anybody before they fall in love with one, you know, Eleanor," the young lady said, in not very elegant English; "bat he is so handsome and so clever. I don't think any one in the world could help loving him. I have no hope In loving tbee, I only ask to love $ I fcw-roodupon my silent heart, As on its nest a dote" added Miss Mason, quoting that favorite poet of all desponding lovers, poor L. E. L. I think Mr. Monckton's ward rather enjoyed the hopelessness of her attachment The brooding npon her silent heart was scarcely an accurate exposition of her conduct, as she talked reams of sentiment to Eleanor npon the subject of her unrequited affection. Miss, Vane was patient and tender with her, listening to her foolish talk, and dreading the com- 1 ing of that hoar in which the childish young beauty must be rudely awakened from her rose- colored dream. "I don't want to marry him, you know, Eleanor," the young lady said; " I only want to be allowed to love him. You remember the German story in which the knight watches the window of his lost lore's convent cell. I could live for ever and ever near him; and be content to see him sometimes : or to hear his voice, even if I did not see him. I should like to wear boy's clothes, and be his page, like Viola, and tell him my own story, you know, some day." Eleanor remembered her promise to Gilbert Monckton, and tried sometimes to check the torrent of sentimental talk. " I know your love is very poetical, and I dare say it's very true, my pet," she said; " but do you'think Mr. Darrell is quite worth all this waste of affection ? I sometimes think, Laura dear, that we commit a sin when we waste our best feelings. Suppose by-and-by you should meet some one quite as worthy of your love as Launcelot Darrell; some one who would love you very devotedly; don't you think you would look back and regret having lavished your best and freshest feelings upon a person who " " Who doesn't care a straw for me," cried the heiress, half ciying. "That's what you mean, Eleanor Vincent. You mean to insinuate that Launcelot doesn't care for me. You are a cruel, heartless girl, and you don't love me a bit." And the youngladybemoaned her disappointment, and wept over the hardships of her lot; very much as she might have cried for any new plaything a few years before. It was upon a burning August morning that Launcelot Darrell declared himself to Eleanor Vane. The two girls had been sitting to him for a picture,'—Eleanor as Rosalind, and Laura as Ceiia,—a pretty feminine group. Rosalind in her womanly robes, and not her forester's dress of grey and green ; for the painter had chosen the scene in which Celia promises to share her cousin's exile. This picture was to be exhibited at the Academy, and was to make Mr. DarrelTs fortune. Laura had been called from the room to attend to some important business with a dressmaker from Windsor, and Eleanor and Launcelot were alone. The young man went on painting for some time, and then, throwing down his brush with a gesture of impatience, went over to the window near which Eleanor sat, on a raised platform covered with a shabby drapery of red baize. "Do you think the picture will be a success, Miss Vincent V he asked. " Oh yes, I think so, and hope so; but I am no judge, you know." " Your judgment must be as good as the public judgment, I should think," Launcelot Darrell answered, rather impatiently. " The critics will try to write me down, I dare say, but X don't look to the critics to buy my picture. They'll call me crude and meretricious, and hard and cold, and thin and grey, I've no doubt; but the best picture, to my mind, is the picture that sells best, eh, Mi6s Vincent f Eleanor lifted her arched eyebrows with a look of surprise; this very low view, erf the question rather jarred upon her sense of the dignity of art. " I suppose you think my sentiments very mercenary and contemptible, Miss Vincent," said the painter, interpreting the expression of her face; "but I have Jived out the romance of my life; or one part of that romance, at any rate; and have no very ardent aspiration after greatness in the abstract. I want to earn money. The need of money drives men into almost every folly; farther, sometimes 1 : into follies that touch upon the verge of crime." " • The young man's face darkened suddenly as he spoke. He was silent for a few moments, not looking at his companion, but away out of the open window into vacancy, as it seemed. The memory of Gilbert Monckton's words flashed back upon Eleanor's mind. "There is a secret in Launcelot DarreU's life," the lawyer had aid; "a secret connected with his Indian experience." Was he thinking of that secret now, Eleanor wondered. But the painter's face brightened almost as suddenly as it had been overshadowed. He flung back his head; with an impetuous gesture. It seemed almost as if he had cast some imaginary burden from off his shoulders by that sudden movement " I want to earn money, Misss Vincent," he siad. " Art in the abstract is very grand, no doubt I quite believe in the man who slabbed his model in order to get the deathagony for his picture of the Crucifixion; but I must make art subservient to my own necessitias. I must earn money for myself and my wife, Eleanor. I might marry a rich woman, perhaps, but I want to matry a poor one. D ) you think the girl I love will listen to me, Eleanor! Do you think she will accept the doubtful future I can offer her? Do you think she will be brave enough to share the fortunes of a struggling man f Nothing could be more heroic than the tone in which launcelot Darrell spoke. He had the air of a man who means to strive, with the stuidy devotion of a martyr, to win the end of his ambition, rather than that of a sanguine but vacillating young gentleman who would bi ready to fling himself down under the influjneeof thefirst momentof despondency, and live upon the proceeds of the pawning of his watch, while his unfinished picture rotted upon the canvas. He had something of George Vane's nature, perhaps; that fatally hopeful temperament common to men who are for ever going to do great things, and for ever failing to achieve even the smallest. He was one of those men who are perpetually deluding other people by the force of their power of self-delusion. Self- deluded and mistaken now, it was scarcely strange if he deceived Eleanor Vane, who was carried away by the impetuous torrent of words in which he told her that he loved her, and that the future happiness of his life depended upon the fiat which must issue from her lips. Only very faltering accents came from those tremulous lips. Miss Vane was not iu love; she was only bewildered, and perhaps a little bewitched, by the painter's vehemence. He was the first young, elegant, handsome, and accomplished man with whom she had evdr been thrown much in contact. It is scarcely wonderful, then, if this inexperienced girl of eighteen was a little influenced by the ardor of his admiration—by the eloquence of his wild talk. She had risen from her seat in iier agitation, and stood with her back to the sunlit window, trembling and blushing before her lover. Launcelot Darrell was not slow to draw a flattering inference from these signs of womanly confusion. " You love me, Eleanor," he said; " ye$, you love me. You think, perhaps, my mother would oppose our marriage. You don't know me, dearest, if you cau believe I would suffer any opposition to come between me and my love. I am ready to make any sacrifice fof your sake, Eleanor. Only tell me that yo^ love me, and I shall have a new purpose in life; a new motive for exertion." i Mr. Darrell held the girl's two handi clasped in both his own, as he pleaded thusl using hackneyed phrases with a vehement earnestness that gave new life to the old words, His face was close to Eleanor's, with the broa4 light of the sunny summer sky full upon itj Some sudden fancy—some vague idea, dim and indistinct as the faint memory of a drean\ whose details we strive vainly to recall—flashed into the mind of George Vane's orphan daughter as she looked into her lover's black eyes. She recoiled from him a little; he:' eyebrows contracted into a slight frown ; he; blushes faded out with the effort which eli< made to seize upon and analyze that sudden fancy. But her effort was vain: transient as a gleam of summer lightning the thought had flashed acrosss her brain, only to melt utterly away. "While she was still trying to recall that lost idea, while Launcelot Darrell was still pleading for an answer to his 6uit, the door of the painting-room was pushed open-—it had been left .ajar by volatile Miss Mason, most likely—and the widow entered, pale, stern, and sorrowful-looking. CHAPTER XX. . . . .. ..., - RECOGNITION. . "I thought Laura was with you," Mrs. Darrell said, rather sharply, as she scrutinized Eleanor's face with no very friendly eyes. "She was with us until a few minutes ago," Launcelot answered, carelessly; " but she was called away to see.a jnillincr.or a dressmaker, or some j?uch, impqrtant, personage ; in, f^p feminine > I don't believe that younglady*8 soul ever soars above laces and ribbons, ah3 all those miscellaneous title of their 1 things!' Mrs. Darrell frowned at her aon'scontemptuous allusion to the fyeiresB. - "Laura Masoh is a very amiable and acK complished girl," shte said. TJ The young man shrugged Ms shoulders, and took up his palette andbrushes. • " Will you settle yourself once more in the Rosalind attitude, Miss Vincent t" hetsaid. I suppose our volatile Celia will bo back presently." , " Will you go and look for her, Launcelot!" interposed Mrs. Darrell; " I want to speak to Miss Vincent" Launcelot Darrell flung down his brushes, and turned suddenly towards his mother with a look of angry defiance in his face. " What have you to say to Miss Vincent that you can't say before me?" he asked. " What do you mean, mother, by breaking in upon ns like this, and scowling at us as if we were a couple of conspirators ?' Mrs. Darrell drew herself to her fullest height, and looked half sternly, half contemptuously at her son. His nature, in every quality weaker and meaner than her own, prompted him to shrink from any open contest with her. Dearly as she loved tnis selfish, handsome scapegrace, there were times in which her better sense revolted against the weakness of her affection ; and at such times Launcelot Darrell was afraid of his mother. " I have a great deal to (Bay to Miss Vincent," the widow answered, gravely. "If you refuse to leave us together, t have ho doubt Miss Vincent will have the good taste to come elsewhere with me." Eleanor looked up, startled by the suppressed passion in the widow's tone. "I will come with you anywhere, Mb. Darrell," she said, " if you wish to speak to me." " Come this way, then." Mrs. Darrell swept out of the room, and Eleanor followed her, before the young man had any opportunity for remonstrance. The widow led the way to the pretty chamber in which Miss Vane slept, and the two women went in together, Mrs. Darrell shutting the door behind her. " Miss Vincent," she said, taking Eleanor's hand in her own, "I am going to appeal to you more frankly than .one woman often, appeals to another. I might diplomatize and^ plot against you, but I am sot bpse. enough for that ; though, I dare say, I could stoop to a good deal that is despicable for the sake of my sou. And, again, I have so good an opinion of you that I think candor will be the wiser policy. My son has asked you' to be his wife." "Madam," stammered Eleanor, looking aghast at the pale face, which had an almost tragic aspect in its earnestness. Yes, I told you just now that I could do despicable things for my son's sake. I #as passing the door while Launcelot was talkipg to you. The dooor was ajar, you know. I heard a few words, enough to tell me the subject upon which he was speaking; anct, I stopped to hear more. I listened, Miss "Vincent. It was very contemptible, was (it not?" Eleanor was silent. She stood before ihe widow, looking down upon the ground. The color came aud went in her face ; she was agitated and confused by what had happened; but in all her agitation and confusion ijie memory of that sudden fancy that had flaslied across her brain while Launcelot Darrell talked to her was uppermost in her niind. "You despise me for my conduct, Miss Vincent," said Mrs. Darrell, reading the meaning of the girl's silence; " but the day'niay come in which you may experience a mother's anguish; the brooding care, the ' linceafemg watchfulness,- thefeverishj aU-devouringanxiety which only a mother-can feel. If that day ever comes, you will.be able tpfoigive me; to thmk. mercifully of me. I do not complain of my son ; I never have complained of him. But I suffer; I suffer. I see' hijh holding no place in the World, despised, by prosjtootis apd successful men, With a wasted youth ; behind Him and a blank future before. 1 lo^e hiih 1 ; but I am not deceived in him. The: day for all deception is past. He 'will never bo "rich or prosperous by any act of his own. There are but tme chances fot hini: the chance of inheriting, my; uncle's, fortune,- ,ot fhe jchanc&of; igwctyitog a . Lspeak y<^(frankjy» you. see, j^v jyijjcpnt, aji&vJLjpjBSflfr.; candor frdiflf you.;,,, <po ; you love iny s^^?" i,, •; f You M^e^'hti^'^^Mp i,jf ask you fo'ahs^er'mei " The prosperity of Ms ftiture life hangs ^poh youV;r^ply,; i! I 'lmp$r iihat he might inarry a'gii-1 whi db'e/rlove'liim) and who can bring him W fort^e place him in the position hti bught ^ceiipt: Be generous, Miss Vincent. • I fe&k;'yoii to tm me the truth. That isntheleast you do. Do you love my eon, LauncQlot <DatreU#- iDq you love himwithyour whole heart and soul, as I lore him?" Eleanor lifted her head suddenly, and looked full in the widow's face. "No, madam," die answered, proudly, " I do not. "Thank God for that! Evan if you had loved him, I would not have shrunk from asking you to sacrificc yourself for his happiness, As it is, I appeal to you without hesitation. 'Will you leave this place; will you leave uw my son, with tho chance of planning his future after my own fashion!" "I will, Mrs. Darrell," Eleanor eai earnestly. "I thought, perhaps, till to- day I may have fancied that I—I mean that I was flattered by your son's attention, and perhaps believed I loved him a little," the girl murmured, shyly; " but I kuow now that I have been mistaken. Perhaps it is the truth and intensity of your love that shows mo the shallowness and falsehood of my own, I remember how I loved my father,"—her eyes filled with tears as she spoke,—" and, looking back at my feelings for him, I know that I do not love Mr. Darrell. It will be much bettor for me to go away. I shall be sorry to leave Laura—sorry to leave Hazlewood; for I have been very happy here—too happy perhaps. will write to your son, and teU him that I leave this place of my own free will. " Thank you, my dear," the widow said, warmly j " my son would be very hard with me if he thought that my influence had been the means of thwarting any whim of his. I know him well enough to know that this sentiment, like every other sentiment of his, will not endure for ever. He will be angiy, and offended,"and wounded by your departure; but he will not break his heart, Miss Vincent." " Let me go away at once, Mrs. Darrell," said Eleanor; " it will be better for me to go at once. I can return to my friends in London. I have saved some money while I have been with you, and I shall not go back to them penniless." " You are a generous and noble-hearted girl! It shall be my care to provide you with at least as good a home as you have had here. I am not selfish enough to forget how much I have asked of you." " And you will let me go at once. I would rather not see Laura, or say good-bye to her; we have grownBO fond of each other. I never had a sister—at least never an affectionate sister —and Laura has been like one to me. Let me go away quietly without seeing her, Mrs. Darrell; I can write to her from London to say good-bye." " You shall do just as you like, my dear," the widow answered. " I will drive you over to Windsor in time for the four o'clock train, and you will get into town before dark. I must go now and see what my son is doing. If he should suspect " " He shall suspect nothing till I am gone, said Eleanor. " It is past one o'clock now, Mrs. Darrell, and I must pack all my things. Will you keep Laura out of my room, please, for if she came here, she'd guess V " Yes, yes, I'll go and sec—I'll make all arrangements." Mrs. Darrell hurried out of the room, leav ing Eleanor to contemplate the sudden change in her position. The girl dragged one of her trunks out of a recess in the simply-furnished bed-chamber, and, sitting down upon it in a half-despondent attitude, reflected on the unlooked- for break in her existence. Once more she was called upon to disunite herself from the past, and begin life anew. "Am,I never to know any rest?" she thought. "I had grown so accustomed to this place. I shall be glad to see tho Signora and Richard once more; but Laura, Mr, Monckton,—I wonder whether they will be sorry to lose me ?" By three o'clock in the afternoon all Eleanor's preparations were completed—her trunks packed, and handed over to the factotum of the Hazlewood establishment, who was to see them safely despatched by luggage-train after the young lady's departure. At three o'clock precisely Miss Vincent took her seat beside Mrs, Darrell in the low basket-carriage. Circumstances had coilspired to favor the girl's unnoticed departure from Hazlewood, Laura Mason had been prostrated by the intense strain upon her faculties caused by an hour's interview with her dressmaker, and had flung herself upon the sofa in the drawing-room, after sopping up half A pint of eau-de-cologne on her flimsy handkerchief Worn out by her exertions, and lulled by tho summer heat, the young lady had fejlen into a heavy slumber of two Or three hours'duration. . X®uncelot Darrell had left tho house almost immediately after the scene in tho paintingroom, striding out of the hall without leaving any intimation as to the direction in which he w^s going or the probable hour of his return. Thus it was that the little pony-carriage drove quietly away from the gates of Hazlewooi ; and Eleanor left the house in which alio had lived for upwards of a yea* without any fab caring t6 question her as to the cause of her departure. Very few words were said by either Mrs. Damll or her companion during the drive to Windsor. Eleanor was absorbed in gloomy thought. She did not feel any intense grief at leaving Hazlewood; but some sense of desolation, some despondency, at the thought that she was a wanderer on the face of the earth, with no real claim upon any one, no actual right to rest anywhere. They drove into Windsor while she was thinking thus. They had come through tho park, and they entered the town by the gateway at the bottom of the hill. They had driven up the hill, and were in the principal street below the castle wall, when Mrs. Darrell uttered an exclamation of surprise. "Launcelot!" she said; "and we must pass him to got to tho station. There's no help for it." Eleanor lookod up, Yes, before the door of one of the principal hotels stood Mr. Launcelot Darrell, with two other young men. One of these men was talking to him, but he was pay ing very little attention. He stood upon tho edge of tho kerbstone, with his back half turned to his companion, kicking the pebbles on the road with the toe of his boot, and staring moodily before him. In tliat one moment,—in the moment in which the pony-carriage, going at full speed, passed the young man,—the thought which bad flashed, so vague and indistinct, so transient and intangible, through the mind of Eleanor Vane that morning, took a new shape, and arose palpable and vivid in her brain. This man, Launcelot Darrell, was the sulky stranger who had stood on the Parisian boulevard, kicking the straws upon the kerbstone, and waiting to entrap her father to his ruin. CHAPTER XXL OS THE TRACK. _ The little pony-carriage drove on to the sta tion ; and Eleanor, like some traveller in a dream, saw the castle walls and turrets, the busy street and hurrying people, spin past her eyes and melt into confusion. She did not know how she entered the railway station, or how she came to be walking quietly up and down the platform with Mrs. Darrell. There was a choking sensation in her dry throat, a blinding mist before her eyes, and a confusion that was almost terrible to bear in her brain. She wanted to get away—any where, so long as it was away from all the world. In the meantime she walked up and down the platform, with Launcelot DarreU's mother by her side. " I am mad," she thought, " I am mad! It cannot be so!" Again and again, in the course of Eleanor Vane's brief association with the widow's son, something,'—some fancy, some shadowy recollection, vague and impalpable as the faintest clouds in the summer sky above Hazlewood— had flitted across her mind, only to be blotted away before she could even try to define or understand it. But now these passing fancies all culminated in one conviction. Launcelot Darrell was the man whom she had seen lounging on the kerbstone of the boulevard on the night of her last parting with her father. In vain she reasoned with herself that she had no justifiable grounds for this conviction —the conviction remained, nevertheless. The only foundation for her belief that Launcelot Darrell, from amongst all other men, was the one man whom she sought to pursue, was a resemblance in his attitude, as he stood lounging in the Windsor street, to the attitude of the young man on the boulevard. Surely this was the slightest, the weakest foundation on which belief ever rested! Eleanor Vane could acknowledge this; but she could not lessen the force of that belief. At the very moment when the memory of her father and her father's death had been farthest from her thoughts, this sudden conviction, rapid and forcible as inspiration, had flashed upon her. The matter was beyond reason, beyond argument. The young man loitering listlessly upon the kerbstone of the Windsor street was the man who had loitered on the boulevard, waiting, sulkily enough, while his companion tempted George Vane to his destruction, It seemed as if the girl's memory, suddenly endowed with a new and subtle power, took her back to that August night in the year '53, and placed her once more face to face with her lather's enemy. Once more the dark restless eyes, the pale cowering face and moustachioed lip, overshadowed by the slouched hat, flashed upon her for a moment, before the sulkystrangor turned away to keep moodily silence throughout his companion's babble. And with that memory of the past was interlinked the face and figureof Launcelot Darrell —so closely that, do what she would, Eleanor Vane could not dissociate the two images. And she had suffered this man, of all other men, to tell her that he loved her; she had i taken a romantic pleasure in his devotion. Day after day, and hour after hour, she had been hvs companion, sharing his enjoyments, sympathising with his pursuits, admiring and believing him. This day—this very day—he had held her hand, he had looked in her face; and the words she had spoken to Richard Thornton had proved oniy a vain boast after all. No instinct in her own breast had revealed to her tho presence of her Cither's murderer. Mrs. Darrell looked furtively every now and then at the girl's face. The iron rigidity of that white face almost startled the widow. Was it the expression of terrible grief restrained by a superhuman effort of will ? " Does this girl love my son, I wonder V the widow thought; and then the answer, prompted by a mother's pride, came quickly after the question : " Yes, how could she do otherwise than love him? How could any woman on earth be indifferent to my boy ?" Something almost akin to pity stirred faintly in the heart which was so cold to every creature upon earth except this spoiled and prodigal son; and Mrs. Darrell did her best to comfort the banished girl. " I am afraid you are ill, my dear Miss Vincent," the widow said. " The excitcment of this sudden dbparture has been too much for you. Pray, my dear, do not think that I submit to this necessity without very great regret. You have given me perfect satisfaction in everything you have done ever since you entered my house. No praises I can bestow upon you in recommending you to a new home will go beyond the truth. Forgive me! Forgive me, my poor child; I know I must seem very cruel; but I love my son so dearly —I love him so dearly!" There was real feeling in the tone in which these words were spoken; but the widow's voice sounded far away to Eleanor Vane, and the words had no meaning. The girl turned her stony face towards the speaker, and mad*; a feeble effort to understand what was said to her; but all power of comprehension seemed iost in the confusion of her brain. " I want to get back to London," Bhe said, " I want to get away from this place. Will it be long before the train starts, Mrs. Darrell?" " Not five minutes. I have put up your money in this envelope, my dear—a quarter's salary ; the quarter began in June, you know, and I have paid you up to September. I have paid for your ticket also, in order that your money might not be broken into by that expense. Your luggage will be sent to you to-morrow. You will get a cab at the station, my dear. Your friends will be very much surprised to see you, no doubt." " My friends!" repeated Eleanor, in an absent tone. " Yes, the good music-mistress and her son. I have your address, Miss Vincent, and you may rely on hearing from me in a few days. I sliall take care that you suffer no inconvenience from this sudden change in all our plans. Good-bye; and God bless you, my dear!" Eleanor had taken her seat in the carriage by this time, and the train was about to move. Mrs. Darrell held out her hand; but tho girl drew away from her with a sudden movement of terror, " Oh, please do not shake hands with me 3" she cried. " I am very, very udhappy!" The train moved away before the widow could reply to this strange speech ; and the last thing that Eleanor saw was the pale face of Launcelot Darrell's mother turned towards her with a look of surprise. " Poor child !" thought Mrs. Darrell, as she walked slowly back to the station door, before which her pony-carriage waited. " She feels this very much, but she has acted nobly." The widow sighed as she remembered that the worst part of the struggle was yet to come. She would have her son's indignation to encounter and to endure—not the stormy passion of a strong man unfairly separated from the woman he loves, but the fretful irritation of a spoiled child who has been robbed of a favorite toy. It was nearly dark when Eleanor Vane reached the Pilasters. She paid and dismissed the cab in Dudley Sireet, and made her way on foot under the familiar archway and into the Colonnade, where the same children seemed; to be playing the same games in the dusky light, the same horses peering from the stabledoors, tho same cabmen drinking at the oldfashioned public-house at the corner. The Signora was giving a singing-lesson to a stolid young person, with a fat facc and freckles, who was being prepared for the lyric drama, and wished to appear at one of the opera- houses as Norma, after a dozen lessons or so. Eliza Picirillo was trying her hardest to simplify a difficult passage for this embryo Grisi's comprehension, when Eleanor Vaue opened the door of tho little sitting-room and appeared upon the threshold. It would have been natural to the girl to have rushed to tho piano and flung herself into the arms of the Signora at the risk of upsetting the stolid pupil; and there was something so very unnatural in her manner as die paused in the open doorway,—something so wan and ghostlike in her appearance, that Eliza Picirillo TOSe from her music- stool in alarm, and stared aghast at this unexpected visitor. " Eleanor!" die exclaimed, " Eleanor!" "Yes, dear Signoru, it is I! I—I know! have come back very unexpectedly; I have a great deal to tell you by-and-by. But I am tired to death. May I sit down, please, whUe you finish your lesson f' " May yon sit down! My darling Kelly is that the way you talk in your old home! My dear, dear child! do you think you can ever come so unexpectedly as to fail to lind a welcome from Eliza Picirillo! Here, my dear, sit down and make yourself as comfortable as you can until I'm able to attend to you. Excuse me, Miss Dodson ; we'll go on with the duet directly." The music-mistress wheeled forward an old easy chair, her own favorite seat, and Eleanor dropped wearily into it Signora Picirillo removed the girl's bonnet, and tenderly smoothed her tumbled hair; murmuring ex pressions of welcome and affection, and whispering a promise that the lesson should be very soon finished. She went back to Norma after seeing Elea nor comfortably ensconced in the arm-chair, and hammered away sturdily and conscieu tiously at the " Deh, Conte" duet, in which Miss Dodson gave a very mild interpretation of the Italian composer's meaning, and sang about Pol Ho, her children, and her wrongs, as placidly (is if she had been declaiming her wish to be a butterfly, or a daisy, or any other sentiment common to English ballad-singers. But when Miss Dodson had finished singing, and had put on her bonnet and shawl (which operation occupied a good deal of unnecessary time), and had rolled up her music, and found her gloves—which had fallen off the piano and hidden themselves in an obscure and dusty corner of the room,—and had further entered into a detailed and intricate explanation of her engagements and domestic circum stances before making an appointment for the next lesson, and had been finally hustled out of the loom and lighted down the stairs, and fully instructed as to the nearest way from the Pilasters to Camden Town, Eliza Picirillo was able to give her full attention to the pale- faced girl who had returned so suddenly to her old shelter. The music-mistress was almost frightened at the expression of Eleanor Vane's face. She remembered only too well having seen that look before, upon the September night in Paris, when, the girl of fifteen had sworn to be revenged upon her father's enemies, " Nelly, my darling," she said, seating herself beside Eleanor's chair, " how is it that you come home so suddenly I Nothing could be greater happiness than to have you back, my dear. But I know that something has happened; I can see it in your face, Nelly, Tell me, my love, what is it !" "It is nothing to be sorry about, dear •Signora; I have come away because—because Mrs. Darrell wished it. Her son—her only son—has come home from India, and she wants him to marry a rich woman, and—and ii " And he has fallen in love with i/oh, eh, Nelly V asked the Signora. « Well, I'm not surprised to hear that, my dear; and you are honorable enough to beat a retreat, and leave the young man free to make a mercenary marriage at his mother's bidding. Dear, dear, what strange things people are ready to do for money now-a-days! I'm sure you've acted very wisely, my darling; so cheer up, and let me see the bright smile that we've been accustomed to. There's nothing in all this to make j r ou look so pale, Nelly." "Do I look pale?" " Yes, as pale as a ghost weary with a long night's wandering. Nelly, dear," said the Signora, very gently, " you weren't in love with this young man ; you didn't return his affection, did you V " In love with him!" cried Eleanor Vane, with a shudder, " oh! no, no." " And yet you seem sorry at having left Hazlewood ?" " I am sorry; I—I had many reasons for wishing to stay there." "You were attached to your companion, Miss Mason 1" " Yes, I was very much attached to her," answered Eleanor. " Don't aBk ine any more questions to-night, dear Signora. I'm tired out with my journey and the excitement of— all—that has happened to-day; I will explain things more fully to-morrow. I am glad to come back to you—very, very glad to see-you once more, dearest friend; but I liad a strong reason for wishing to stay at Hazlewood,-—I have a powerful motive for wanting to go back there, if I could go back, which I fear I never can." The girl stopped abruptly, as if absorbed in her own thoughts, and almost unconscious of her friend's presence. " Well, well, Nelly, I won't question you any further," Eliza Picirillo said, soothingly. ( ( Goodness knows, my dear, I am glad enough to have you with me, without worrying you about the why and the wherefore. But I most go and try and get your little room ready again for you, or perhaps, as it's late, yon'd better sleep with me to-night" " If you please, dear Signora." The music-mistress hurried away to make some preparations in the bedchamber adjoining the little sitting-room; and Eleanor Vane sat staling at the guttering tallow-candles on the table before her—lost in the tumult and confusion of her thoughts, which as yet took no distinct form in her brain. At the very moment in which she had set a barrier between herself and Hazlewood that might prevent her ever crossing the threshold of its gates, she had made a discovery which rendered that retired country dwelling-house the one sjtotupon earth to which she had need to have free access. " I fancied that I was going away from my revenge when I left London to go into Berkshire," sh<.> thought; "now I leave my revenge behind m^ at Hazlewood. And yet, how can it be as I think! How can it be so! Launcelot Darrell went to India a year before my father die 1. Can it be only a likeness after all—an accidental likeness—between that man and Mrs. Darrell's son !" She sat thinking of these things—reasoning with hers: ?lf upon the utter improbability of the identity of the two men, yet yielding again and again to that conviction which had forced itself upon her, sudden and irresistible, in the Windsor street,—while the Signora bustled about bet reen the two rooms, stopping to cast a stolen gl mce now and then at Eleanor Vane's thoughtful face. Mr. Ri :hard Thornton came in by-and-by. The Pbtt'iiix was closed as to dramatic performances, but the scene-painter's work never stopped. The young man gave utterance to a cry of delight as he saw the figure sitting in his aunt's easy-chair. " Xell'." he exclaimed, "has the world come to an end. and have you dropped into your proper position in the general smash! Eleanor, how glad I am to see you !" He held out both his hands. Miss Vane rose and, mechanically, put her white fingers in the weatherbeaten- looking palms held out to receive them. In that moment the scene-painter saw that something had happened. "What's the matter, Nell?" he cried, eagerly. " Hush, Dick," said the girl in a whisper; " I don't want the Signora to know," "You don't want the Signora to know what?" " I have found that man." " What man ?" "The man who caused my father's death." CHAPTER XXII. IX THE EHIPBEOKER'S OFFICE. Eleanor Vane employed the morning after her arrival at the Pilasters in writing to Laura Mason. She would have written a long letter if she could, for she knew what grief her sudden departure must have caused her childish and confiding companion ; but she could not write of anything except the one thought that absorbed her whole brain, leaving her for the common business of life a purposeless and powerless creature. The explanation which she gave of her sudden departure was lame and labored; her expressions of regard were trite and meaningless. It was only when she came to that subject which was the real purpose of her letter ; it was only when she came to write of Launcelot Darrell that there was any vigor or reality in her words. " I have a favor to ask you, dear Laura," she wrote ; " and I must beg you to use your best discretion in granting it. I want you to find out for me the date of Mr. Darrell's departure for Calcutta, and' the name of the vessel in which he sailed. Do this, Laura, and you will be serving me—perhaps serving him also." " If I find that he really was in India at the date of my father's death," Eleauor thought, " I must cease to suspect him." Later in the day, Miss Vane went out With Richard into the streets and squares in which all their secret conferences had taken place. She told the scene- painter very simply, and briefly of what had happened, and poor Dick listened to her story with a tender 'respect, as he would have listened to anything from her. -But he shook his head with a sad smile when she had finished. " What do you think now, Richard 1" she asked. "I think/that you are the dupe of a foolish fancy, Nelly," the young man answered, "You are deceived by some chance resemblance between this Mr. Davrell and the man you saw upon the boulevard. Any dark palefaced man lounging moodily on a kerbstone would have reminded you of the figure which is so interwoven with the memories of that mournful time iu Paris. Forget it, Nelly, mv dear—forget that dark chapter in the history of your girlhood. Your father's rest will be none the sweeter because the brightness of your youth is blighted bythesebittermajnories. Do your duty, Eleanor, in the state , to which you are called. You ate not called upoix to sacrifice the fairest years of your life, to a Quixotic scheme of vengeance." ' "Quixotic!" cried Eleanor, reproachfully; "you would not speak like this, Richard, if your father had suffered as my father suffered through the villany of a gambler and cheat. It is no use talking to me, Dick," she added, resolutely. " If this conviction, which I cannot get o.ut of my mind, is a false one, its falsehood must be proved. If it is true—why, then, it will seem to me as if Providence had flung this man across my pathway, and that I am appointed to bring punishment upon' him for his wickedness." " Perhaps, Eleanor, but this Mr. Darrell is not the man." " How do you know he is not!" " Because, according to your own account, Launcelot was in India in the year '53." fy " Yes, they say that he was there." " Have you any reason to doubt the fact ?" asked Richard. "Yes," answered Eleanor. "When Mr. Darrell first returned to Hazlewood, Laura Mason was very anxious to hear all about what she called his 'adventures' in India. She asked him a great many questions, and I remember—I cannot tell you, Dick, how carelessly I listened at the time, though every word comes back to me now as vividly as if I had been a prisoner, on trial for my life, listening breathlessly to the evidence of the witnesses against me—I remember now how obstinately Launcelot Darrell avoided all Laura's questions telling her at last, almost rudely, to change the subject. The next day Mr. Monckton came to us, and he talked about India; and Mr. Darrell again avoided the question in the same sullen, disagreeable manner. You may think me weak and foolish, Richard, and I dare say I am so ; but Mr. Monckton is a very clever man. He could not be easily deceived." " But what of him V " He said,' Launcelot Darrell has a secret; and that secret is connected with his Indian experiences.' I thought very little of this at the time, Dick : but I think I understand it 3W." " Indeed! And the young man's secret —V " Is that he never went to India." . "Eleanor!" " Yes, Richard, I think and "believe this; and you must help me to find out whether I am right or wrong." x The scene-painter sighed. He had hoped that his beautiful adopted sister hall long since abandoned or forgotten her Utopian scheme of vengeance in tbe congenial society of a gay-hearted girl of her own age. Apd behold, here she was, vindictive, resolute, as upon that, Sunday evening, a year and a half ago, on which they had walked together in those dingy London streets. Eleanor Vane interpreted her companion's sigh. "Remember your promise, Richard," she said. "You promised to serve me, and you must do so—you uill do so, won't' you, Dick?" The avenging fury had transformed herself into a siren as she spoke, and looked archly up at her companions face, with her head on one side, and a soft light in her grey eyes. " You won't refuse to serve ine, will voir, Richard 1" " Refuse !" cried the young man. "Oh! Nelly, Nelly, you know very well 1 there is nothing in the world I could refuse you." ; Miss Vane accepted this assurance with great composure. She had never been able to dissociate Richard Thornton with those eaily days in which she had accompanied him to Convent Garden to buy mulberry leaves', for his silkworms, and had learned to play ",God save -the Queen " upon, the young mUsician'js "violin.. Nothing was farther froniher thbughts than, the idea that poor Dick's feelings could have Undergone any change since those childish days in the King's Road, Chelsea. (To be contimied,) Thh Lord-Lieutenant.—We are glad , to be able to state that there is.no foundation, for , the rumor to which a Dublin newspaper has given currency that the Duke of Aberebrn is about resign the Lord-Lieutenancy of Ireland!' Mb. Jdswoe MoBRfs, who has "for WRIE ftM been one of the Justices of the Court of' feotoimbti Pleas in Ireland, was on February'10 ^wom in as Chief Justice of that Court, >iii succession TOIIMU. Monahan, who' lt#e)y retired pu #ccpi\ntoofjiUj health. ... n " , . ; i !., ;I11J J.j THE Bur,FAST CHAMBER OF CouMEp5B.r-rJh^ annual meeting of tlip Belfast Chamber of Conx? raerce was held on February 1 ! 5. The Outgoing president, Mr. TKomiis Valentine, J.P.fitt'his-ratiring address, spoke in Encouraging*6rmS Of;;tbe prospect of tiie linen trade of Ulster,': and said that fanners need have no hesitationin sowing/flafc seed; as.he believed its value this ycajr i.wo^ilia .exr ceed that of some years, past. Mi. i Thou^i:Sin*i clair, J.P., was elected president for llie ,"ensuing 1 year.' 