A LONG SPEECH. The longest speech on record is believed (says the Boston Pilot) to have been that made by Mr. De Cosmos, in the Legislature of British Columbia, when a measure was pending whose passage would take from a great many settlers their lands. De Cosmos was in a hopeless min ority. The job had been held back till the eve of the close of the session ; unless legislation was taken before the noon of a given day, the act of confiscation would fail. The day before the expiration of the limitation, De Cosmos got the floor about 10 a.m., and began a speech about the bill. Its friends cared little, for they sup posed that by 1 or 2 o'clock he would be through, and the bill could be put on its passage. 1" o'clock came, and De Cosmos was speaking still — hadn't more than entered upon his subject. 2 o'clock he was saying " in the second place." 3 o'clock, he produced a fearful bundle of evidence, and insisted on reading it. The majority began to have a suspicion of the truth — he was going to speak till next noon and kill the bill. For a while they made merry over over it, but, as it came on to dusk, they began to get alarmed. They tried interruptions, but soon abandoned them, because each one afforded him a better chance to digress and gain time. They tried to shout him down, but that gave him a breathing space, and finally, they settled down to watch i he combat between strength of will and weakness of body.' They gave him no mercy. No adjournment for dinner : not a ghost of a chance io do more than wel his lips with water ; no wandering from his subject ; no sit ting- down. Twilight darkened ; the gas was lit ; members slipped out to dinner in relays, and returned to sleep in squads, but De Cosmos went on. The Speaker, to whom lie was addressing himself, was alternately dozing, snoring, and trying to look wide awake. Day dawned, and tlie-oiajority slipped out to wash and breakfast, and the speaker still held on. It can't be said it was a very logical, eloquent, or sustained speech; There were digressions in it, and repetitions also. But still ilie speaker kept on ; and at last noon came to a baffled majority, livid with rage and impotence, and a singie man, who was tri umphant, though his voice had sunk to a husky- whisper, his eyes were almost shut, and wore bleared and bloodshot, his legs tottered under him, and his baked lips were cracked and smeared with blood. De Cosmos had spoken twenty-six hours without stopping, and saved the settlers their land ! 