WESLEYAN CONVENTION. The first sitting of a convention of persons actively engaged as workers in various departments connected with the Wesleyan Church was held in the Pirie- street Lecture Hall on Tuesday afternoon. There was a large attendance botn of ladies and gentlemen, several having come from distant circuits. The Rev. W. P. Wells* (President of the Conference) presided, and, the proceedings having been opened by de_-_ votional exercise, delivered a brief introductory address. ' He spoke of similar gatherings which had been held elsewhere,-especially the Brighton Convention, which was attended by 7,000 persons, and where the meetings were continued for ten days; and the Convention of Workers recently heia at City-road,- London. It had been noted t) at these meetings were usually followed by great blessings, and he hoped suon would be tbe case m this instance. Taeiraim was " to consider one another to provoke to love and to good works." Tiiey had chis as their definite object. In the paoers rea-i or speacties n;ade. he hoped there would be no controversial tcne, but all would be done in a devoiijua.1 spirit. There were already tokens for good. He expected for himself increased power from on Ligh. If eich of them -gain ttiis, and >vua it increased spiritual activity, the Convention oau!d uot fail to produce most blessed result?. The Eev. T. C. LAUBANCE, of Mount Barker, delivered an address on '* Holiness, the present reed of- the Church." (lis answer to the question " What is holiness?" would be Christ-ukoness. It was lull possession of tbe Divine image. It was described by varieus teim^ and phrases, but they all resolved themselves into tiie word "love," for "he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and Gcd in him." There was close connection between pardon and holiness, and those who had received the one blessing need not wait long to enjoy the other. It was sometimes regarded as a great mystery, but the only mystery was one of simplicity. Complete submission was essential- to holiness. Submission was necessary before pardon, and there must be entire submission before the further blessing could be received. The want of the Caur^n collectively was the want of each individual. There was close connection between the beauty of holiness being perceived by, the Church and. their work for'God being prospered. Humility could not exist as it ought to do without holiness. Spiritual pride • was • one of their greatest dangers and the cause of most grievous losses, which holiness would prevent. They needed it that they nrght exhibit the religion of Jesus in a happy ~ manner. Happiness was not a separable appendage, but an essential feature, of the higher Christian life. It was required in order to usefulness, for the holy man exerted a secret influence, like the electric fluid along the wire, and his words became, under its inspiration, like the arrows of the Almighty. Their usefulness would probably be in proportion to their holiness, and they needed both to be surrounded by an atmosphere of it, and to be filled and kindled by its power. This was a possible condition to enjoy, and the life he wished them to live was not more exalted than God had pointed out, or Paul had prayed for on behalf of the Ephesian Church. God could-easily accomplish their desire by flooding and fillingtheir souls with Himself. At the invitation of the PRESIDENT several gentlemen spoke on the subject of the address, their remarks generally having reference to their personal experience. ' The Rev. J. B. STEPHENSON then delivered an address on " The relation of special means to special blessings." He noticed that in the Kingdom of God there was constantly being discovered a connection between the use of means and spiritual effects. All were conscious of a certain amount of odium being attached I to the use of special means to promote revivals. Even good men sometimes sneered at them. Hence delicacy was felt in proposing or attempting such efforts and hesitancy manifested in undertaking many a good work. He was sure a better frame of mind was that which sought only to do the will of God, disregarding altogether what the world might say. It was a good thing to be blessed of God, but better still thus to be made a blessing. ' Axes were not sharpened for themselves, but that they might cut down trees. He need scarcely remind them of the important fact that in the use of all special means they must ever recognise tbe agency of the Holy Ghost, for .Methodises of all people were not likely to overlook it. The use of mis was to catch the wind, and in a calm they were useless; even so the Church depended upon the breath of the Spirit of God. This consideration being guarded, they were entitled to look for definite and positive effects to follow the use of appropriate means, and were warranted to expect suoh results in proportion to the amount of labour bestowed. Jfo figure was more frequently used in the Bible to describe spiritual results than the growth and multiplication of seed. Harvests varied in abundance, and occasionally there was a failure, yet no ' one thought of ceasing to sow. The Church was instructed to be diligent, prayerful," watchful, and laborious, and was encouraged with promises of reaping in due season. The need of special means was sometimes indicated by spiritual death and poverty; at other times ja special burden was laid on the hearts of a few people, as was the case before the late remarkable revival in America, and sometimes was the necessary result of unusual spiritual vitality. Turning to the Bible, it was : wonderful how many instances of special means to secure special blessings were recorded there. The traditions of their own Church should stimulate them, and the good news received by the last mail of an increase of "about-13,000 members within its pale was most instructive. Conventions had been held in ' several placesandiarrongements made for special services more generally than had ever been known before, and this wad the gratifying result. He hoped the study of the subject would produoe a strong determination to use whatever means were at hand, and to use them with all their might. The Convention was then adjourned ti'l 7 o'clock, tea in the meanwhile being provided in the schoolroom. The evening sitting was even more numerously attended than that of the afternoon, the body of the hall being quite filled. At intervals during both services tire proceedings-were varied by appropriate hymns, in singing which the congregation was led by a choirt "under the direction of Mr. C. W. Priest. ,The subject of the. evening W3s " How to -secure the salvation of the young." The PRESIDENT briefly referred to its peculiar importance, and read several passages of Scripture bearing upon it.. He then called on the Rev. C. T. Newman to deliver an address. Mr. NEWMAN said he approached the subject with extreme trepidation arising from his sense of its importance. It was most Important to recognise tlie religious rights and privileges of the young.:, As a Church they -held that their redemption by Christ and inclusion in the Gospel covenant was sufficient warrant for offering- them all its privileges. Religious culture could, not begin too soon, but there was danger of expecting too much-visible result i from it. ; The fojindaftpn of religious life was fear of God, and when this was established lave and other experiences, would-, follow in due course. Children belonged to Christ, and ought to have a Church relation, which they .should permanently -retain unless they forfeited it by sin. _ To- secure the experience desired the greatest requisite was godly home-training. Parents were I God's, .vicegerent?,., and, receiving their children from Gad, must train them for Him. A godly example was a necessity. Home should be a sanctuary, the -father being the priest in the household,-and the mother exar- . cising her own gentle influence. There must \- also be earnest and faithful instruction, combined witll jealous watchfulness over all associations likely to affect the. impressionable nature of childhood. The Church had also its duty -to discharge, and the best minds were required in order to fulfil the task. Individual as well as collective instruction must be given. Personal appeals shotdd be made and intense solicitude felt by all who had to do with the young. The aim of Sabbathschool teachers and others should be not only to impart knowledge, but to develop Christian character. Every effort must be accompanied by earnest prayer and the firm,resolve to bring the children to Jesus. Ur. F. CHAPPLE, B. A, drew attention to the paramount importance of family religion as the '.great means- of seouring the salvation > of the young. Parental affection was the symbsl most frequently used in the -, Bible to illustrate the love * of God to (His creatures. He who made man knew what was in him, and had enlisted thiB the highest force in human nature on. the .side of religion and on behalf of the children. Few things had been subjected to greater ridicule than .family worship, butjFor jthis very.reasqn they > should cling to it the more strongly. For the sake of the young let them all set up their family altar, and see that Christ was constantly exhibited - there as the universal sacrifice. . The addresses were followed by a lengthy and animated conversation, and the - Convention adjourned at half-past 9 o'clock. WEDNESDAY, JULY 25. The Convention reassembled at 10 a.m. The President announced that -the topic for the morning was "Christian Fellowship," and remarking that the Bible was the standard of authority, proceeded to read various appropriate passages of Scripture. He then called on Mr. James Scott to read a paper on the subject. Mr. SCOTT commenced by defining tne term' employed, after which he pointed out that the fellowship was both relative and so ial—the first being the common bond by whnh they were united to Christ; and the second, the visible and sensible union of a Christian community. This visible union in daily Church life, gathered together in denominations, embodied most truly the scriptural ideal of a Church of Christ. The members of it embraced privileges wbich were designed and fitted to develop a godly character, and were laid under obligations to contribute to the edification of others. Scenes in the early history of the Church were beautiful in the simplicity of heart, purity of devotion ardour of brotherly love, and zeal far God which were exhibited. By the Apostle Paul the Church was likened to a human frame, every part depending on the the other members, and each fittedinto its place. Not only highlygifted and influential members were necessary, but those who were weaker contributed to the welfare of the whole. As the result of mutual intercourse, love, esteem, comfort, protection, exhortation, confession, rebuke, and prayer the whole body would be perfected in stature, strength, and symmetry, and furnished^ for the work of blessing the world in the name of its living Head. No Church had superior facilities for securing these characteristics of true fellowship and promoting its great designs than their own. Constructed originally with a special view to this, and as an improvement in EUI their existing religious organizations, it had answered nobly to'its design, and still possessed the competency i to perpetuate those blessing^ They had frequent opportunity for meeting, as soldiers around a camp-fire did, to tell of trials and triumphs, of struggles and escapes, and jbo cheer each other for coming conflicts. Had they, as a Church, been true to' their model and obedient to the mandate of their Divine Head, united in s\ mpathy, compact in energy, and animated by genuine loyalty to Him, they might have accomplished far more than had been done, for the weal of the world. Weakness and failure, where -it -existed, might be traced in part to the indolence and waywardness of individual members, who, withholding their measure of service -or fitfullydoing their part, left the body lame, maimed, or. purblind. Much evil was wrought by -complaints harboured or < uttered against brethren. Exception was taken and harsh judgment formed against individual idiosyncrasies," and against faults wh|ieh. had received forgiveness from God evei before ungenerous condemnation was dealt, out against them by'men. They should ever remember who it was that said, " Judge not," and His intimation, which was-in- effect—" Your capability of correct judgment is defective, therefore do not i use it severely." Without justifying imperfeo- tion of Christian character or defection from i Christian rule, he felt that they were too often !' made a stumbling-block in the way of Christian 1 brethren. Remembering that none were perfect, they should deal tenderly with the erring. The ' world passed by groES offences of its members in 1 every walk of life to fasten ridicule and contempt on the Church; let them not imifote thenexample. Their special advantage for Christian fellowship was the class meeting, which embodied the fundamental principle of suoh fellowship. No reflection against these meetings could alter that fact or prevent them from continuing to be the means of bringing blessings to thousands. Let the conduct of them be. careful, wise, and intelligent, the statements of experience simple ana true, tbe spirit animating all earnest and devout, and such gatherings would still be valued, and prove a mighty power for good. The conversation which followed the address was continued-until the hour for adjournment. AFTERNOON. At this, the closing session, the attendance was fully as large as on the previous.day, and increasing interest was manifested in the objects of the Convention. The firstsubject considered was "Individual obligation to work for Christ," and was introduced hy the Rev. C. LANE. Referring to the comprehensiveness of tbe topic, he said it included tbe whole range of duty. Responsibility arose out of relationship. They were related both to each other and to Christ. Individual relations and consequent responsibility were easily found, and involved the duty of doing the work which lay-nearest at hand, and doing it now. Relation to Christ brought the special obligation of fitting themselves to his purposes. The. range of that obligation was clearly defined in both tbe region of duties and that of privileges. Their privileges were sketched in promises which warranted; abiding faith - in God,.who having placed blessings at the hand of believing prayer, had laid the responsibility of receiving them on. His people. To say they had nothing to do with results Wjould paralyze the arm of the Church.. It was'this £ense of responsibility in receivingup to-th® full measure of their capability which fired the heaits of the men who went up to the camp of the enemy, while atthesametime italmostoverwhelmedthem with its awfulness. Just this compelled Moses to offer his life If God would not pardon the people, and Elijah after his victory over the priests of Baal to continue in prayer till the little cloud appeared. So Christ himself desired with suoh intensity that the will of God should be done upon and through him, that he continued all night in an agony of supplication. Men neede i to go down into the depths of that passion that they might, like their Master, come out of it penetrated with love for souls and bearing their burden. Some .could - join In the shout when showers of blessing came, but who would do nothing to bring them down. .Any one could enter into the enthusiasm of victory, but to glory in .the view of battle was both murder and more important. .Having the promises to indicate their privilege, and precepts to define their duty, they must be simple to believe like children, and courageous to work like men. The subject -of " Aggressive Work" was spokien to by the Rev. & KNIGHT. He had noticed that one great result of Mr. Moody's labours in England was the large number of persons who chose for themselves new paths of usefulness. Strictly speaking, much; of the ordinary work of the Church was not aggressive, and yet this was specially the Church's duty. The relative, attentioh given to the edification of Christians and that paid' to the direct salvation of perishing souls was altogether disproportionate. £ublio services ought, as a general rule, to be intended and adapted, for the conversion of sipners, whereas too, often they were diverted inte another channel. Opportunities for making appeals, holding enquiry meetings, and gathering in the fruit were often interfered with. Arrangements which bad this effect were deeply, to be deplored, inasmuch as aggressive work was the very life of the Church. Non-aggressive faith, such as Buddhism and Mohammedanism, were invariably decaying, for only when they made conquests did they grow. Hence the only living faith in the world at the present timewas Christianity. When the Church ceased to produce prophets, champions, and heroes of devotion it would be in a dying condition. The absence of men coming forward anxious to preach Christ at any. sacrifice was an ominous sign, and he hoped parents present would endeavour to imbue their sons' with a desire to preach the Gospel, cost what it might in the way of self-denial. Aggressive work inight.be carried on by controversy, Tin the form of such disputations for Christ as were conducted by Stephen and other early disciples; andalso by Christian jiiarture, which was the sphere of home and school.. - Periods occurred when such work might be prosecuted with special advantage, end these should be made the most of; Several departments of Christian activity were alluded to which needed attention, but the most urgent necessity was greater boldness and more zaal. A fear of being thought eccentric, peculiar, and extravagant was yery prevalent. Dread was often felt of appearing too forward or fast, but very seldom of being dull and slow, and the shame ought to be the other way. He appealed to tbe godly women present to exert their almost' all- powerful influence, and reminded them all that they acquired a property-right in every soul, converted by their agency. Let them have faith' in themselves as the messengers of Godaud there would be a blessed harvest. As at the other sessions of the Convention, an animated conversation followed the address, and the proceedings were varied by prayer being effered and the singing of appropriate hymns. In the evening an evangelistic service was held, when the hall was filled in every part. Brief addresses were delivered, and devotional exercises engaged in, which were continued till a late hour, when it was announced that a similar service would be held in the same place on the following evening. 