SATURDAY'S SPORTS. THE CHALLENGE CUP. EAST MELBOURNE V. SOUTH MELBOURNE. The match for the Challenge Cap between the East Melbourne and South Melbourne clubs was resumed on Saturday, on the ground of the former. The weather was fine, and there was a large attendance of spectators, upwards of 2,000 persons being on. the ground. The East Melbourne men commenced their second innings by Gaggin and Goldsmith going to the wickets, to the bowl- ing of Allan at the railway end and Major at the north end. The first event was the dismissal of Goldsmith by a creaser from Major before any score had appeared on the board. His place was taken by Hastings, and: before a run had been obtained this player gave the elder Slight a catch in the long- field, which he missed much to the con- sternation of the Hillites, with whom Slight had deservedly earned the reputation of being a most reliable catch. The miss proved, a most unfortunate one for the South, as Gaggin and Hastings brought the score up very rapidly, the former being particularly severe on Allan, Gaggin was at length disposed of when the score was. about 80, having been bowled by Allan with a fine ball, which broke from leg. Horan, who followed, played very Btreakily from the start, being evidently out of form through his recent indisposition. Before he had been long at the wicket he put his leg in front to a ball from Allan, and had to retire. Williams succeeded him, and Hastings' time then came,, he being caught by English at cover-point, off Major's bowling, after playing a fine free innings for 68 runs. During his stay at the wickets he caused several changes of bowling,' M'Gan being tried with BLOWS, and Cormack one over of round arm. The slows, were treated very unmercifully, and 14 runs were obtained from Cormack's one over. WV Campbell followed, and with Williams, who was playing steadily, rapidly increased the score ; but when Campbell had made 12 runs, he was beautifully bowled by Allan Elliott, who came next, fell, as is usual with him, a' victim to Allan's bowling-this time without being able to score, Allee then joined Williams, and these two by steady play kept their wickets intact until time was called,, when the score stood at 133 runs with four wickets to fall, and 20 runs to win the match and retain the Cup. Williams, not out, had 15, obtained by careful play, and Allee had: scored 3 when the stumps were drawn. The, fielding of the South Melbourne men was not, all round, as good as usual, but M'Gan and the younger Slight distinguished them, selves, and Blackham's wicketkeeping was never better. Allan, after changing ends, bowled remarkably well, being on the spot throughout, with a nasty break. Slight's miss was the general topic of conversation on the ground during the afternoon, and was the more lamented by the Southerners the higher Hastings' Score rose. The ground was in excellent order, and with a similar' wicket next Saturday the match is a. certainty for East Melbourne. If, how ever the ground should be wet and sodden and the out-field ground slow, the Southerners believe they have still a ghost; of a chance." The following is Saturday's-, score : EAST MELBOURNE SECOND INNINGS. L. Goldsmith, b Major ., - to W. Gaggin, b Allan 32 JJ. Hastings, c English, b Major .. ,. 68-' T. IIoraD, 1 b w, b Allan.' C O. Williams, not out,, ., _ ,, 15 W. Campbell, b Allan 12 B. Elliott's Allen. E O' C. Allee, not out 3 3' No ball, 1 ; byes, 8. I Total for six wickets lil THE NEW CHALLENGE CUP. CARLTON' V. HOTHAM. The eighth contest for the possession of this trophy was concluded on Saturday oaths Carlton ground, in the presence of a. considerable number of spectators, and, as. anticipated, resulted in a win for Hotham. At the conclusion of the previous Saturday's play, Carlton had secured 40 runs (with the loss of six wickets) of the 126 which they required to obtain to win, and playing a man short, succeeded in bringing their score up. to 95 before the innings closed, Dedman, Wynne, and Halles with 24 (not out), 21, and. 17, doing yeoman's service for their side. The wicket was a most excellent one, which I operated considerably against the bowling,. At the conclusion of the match, Mr. li. Wallace, on behalf of the Carlton Club, is. a neat speech presented Mr. Talbot, as representing the winners, with the cup, which that gentleman acknowledged in a suitable manner, and after mutual expressions of pleasure at the spirit with which the game had been contested, the trophy was conveyed to its winter quarters, where it was. welcomed with bumpers of champagne, HOTHAM. SECOND INNINGS. M. Ryan, b Wyness' J. Patterson, b B. James 2 6 J. Beasley, b Byres. 5 B. Collie, run out. 6 J. Traynor, c B. James, Wynne, J. 8 W. Hurst, b Wynne. L I D. Griffith, b B. James . 4 J. Bilton, Gwynneth H. Byrne C F. James, b B. James .. i Vf. M'Lean. not out,. " .... 20 C Moir, absent .. _ .. O' Byes, &c..; 7 First Innings " ,. «. "121 Total .... " 218'. CARLTON." SECOND INNINGS. B. Bishop, run out .... " 8 F Walshe Collie. 2 F. James, b Bilton. 4 J. Trinnick, b Hilton . 7: P. Hynes, b Hurst. 6 W. Bolles, cM'Loao, b Burst .... 10" G. Scown, b Traynor. G W. Dedman, not out.. '. 21 B. James, b Burston' C. Wynne, o O'Keefe (sub.), b Traynor .. 24 J. Coulthard, absent.. .. -,, 0 £5 First Innings u B' Total 234. Majority for Hotham, 81 runs. The following matches were also played : St. Philip's (holders) v. Bellevue, for Darling. Junior Cup. Bellevue, 92 ; St. Philip's, 45, For the former W. Berry 21 and 5, J. Morris 14 and 12 and for the latter Parkes 0 and 11' were the highest scorers. For Bellevue Ryan pot 8 wickets for 13 runs, and T. Cooke left for 25. Jubilee v. Bell-street Union resulted. in a draw, the scores being 30 without the loss of a wicket, and 70 respectively. Albert-park (51) v. Clarendon (34). Blair, 25, was the highest scorer for Albert-park, be, and' Stewart also, bowling well. NortbcoteZingari. (571 v. Goldsborough (11), on St. Kilda ground,. Carlton Combination (mixed team) v, George Robertson's Cricket Club Won by the former by 15 runs, the scores being 02, 47. The bowling of Atkinson and M'Intee for- me winners was very effective, while for the losers F, James did most execution. HANDBALL. There was a large attendance at the King street ball court on Saturday, and the play throughout was very evenly contested. The first match was won by Messrs. J. Finn and Roberts, beating Messrs. J. Brown and Fitzpatrick. The next match was won by Messrs. Kilfoyle and O'Callaghan, beating Messrs, Sarsfield and Stanton. The final rubber was won by Messrs. Doherty and M. Brian, beating MORRIS. Finn and M'Loughlan. The play of Messrs. Doherty and Finn in this latter match was greatly admired. The Carlton court on Saturday received a liberal share of patronage. The matches throughout the day were closely contested, with the following results walker and Farrell v. Dudley and Leahy was won by the - latter; Diecherand Farlow v. A'Hearn and O'Riely was won by the former, winning two in succession; M'Farlane and Walker v. Carr and Ryan resulted in a victory for the former ; Curtain and Farrell v. Fischer and Leahy proved a very interesting game, result- ing finally in a draw ; Kennedy and Carr v. Slight and Curtis was won by the former. Several matches finished the programme. UnitING the past year prizes amounting to 490l649dol.' were won at horse races in the United States, or 0,173 less than in 1874. 