FALLEN FORTUNES. BY JAMES PAYN, ; AFTHOE OP "LOST SIB MAS&DTOBEBD;,' " WAXTEB'S WOBD," &C.; CHAPTER XVn. TO BE, OB NOT TO BE? "When John Dalton reached the head of Sanbeck Valley there were two courses open to him—either to keep straight on along the east road, which was soon merged into a bridle path along the moor that led to Bleabarrow Mere, or to return to Riverside by the way"he came. It had been his intentiori 'to' join " the party on board the steain yaeht; hlithenow carried about with "him that which caused his heart to beat so wildly at the very thought of-his wife and children, that he could not trust himself to'meet them. It is always open to the wretched^—those at least who are not in prison—to end their woes by rope or razor ; but it is not so easy to use those remedies. But once one is possessed of a few, drops of poison the case becomes very simple—a dose of medicine is not difficult to swallow. We have the key of the next world in our pocket,. and one turn of the hand admits us. One step from the deathbed, And one from the bier, Aud one lrom the cbarnel, And one-—-Oh,-where? Says the poet. But, for John Dalton, even those few steps were now shortened — if he only so willed it. Though the matter only respected his own fate, he was filled with a tremendous sense of power, fie had but to lift his hand, and the secret .that has defied mankind to pierce it since the world began lay within his grasp. For the moment he. felt no inclination to use his advantage, but he felt immensely flattered in the possession of it. Thoughts of the Great To- come had of course occasionally occurred to him, but only in that conventional and abstract form in which they present themselves_to ninety-nine hundreds of his fellow-creatures; familiarity with-them had certainly bred no contempt for it in his mind, and now he could think of little else. He had climbed the crags, and was looking around him in all directions save one—his face was studiously averted from the long blue lake on which the yacht, though distant, was distinctly visible. The very world seemed to be at his feet, and to afford'him the opportunity of a comprehensive Farewell. How exquisitely beautiful looked the tranquil valley from which he had just ascended ; how peaceful were the hours men passed in it, and how contented, to all seeming, were they with their lot! Old Joe Landel1, of the Nook yonder, was dying, it seems, and doubtless sorry to die; while he (Dalton) was lxale and strong enough, yet weary of his life. How cruel and unjust seemed the ways of—well, of Fate. He did not like to say " of Providence," though we use that term itself to (avoid of saying "of God." It was impossible, however, to. smooth matters over with himself now; he must needs face the truth in theory, as, without doubt, if he put his design into effect, he would have to face it in fact. If God' was cruel and unjust in this world, might He not also be so in the next.2 The " to be, or not to be?" of Hamlet is self-applied by every man in Dalton's case, whether ^e has heard of Hamlet or not. There are many considerations, but the gist of the matter lies in a nutshell. As to what men say of suicide generally, that did not disturb him ; he was too near the thing itself to be moved by the cant of those who have only regarded it from a distance, and with no reference to themselves. It is " cowardly," they say; whereas it indeed requires the extremest kind of courage—the courage of despair. They might just as well call a man a coward" for going to the dentist's and getting a raging tooth drawn, instead of letting it rage on. The topic is one of those upon which men have agreed together to talk rubbish. Even Shakspeare has told us that the Almighty has fixed his canon against self - slaughter, though whence he derived the information he has left untold. At the same time, that it is forbidden by implication is true enough; and indeed it is very literally a flying in the face of Providence," since a more violent protest against the lot that lias been assigned to us, or a greater reflection upon Him who imposed it upon us. can hardly be imagined. " This last consideration, however, was not that which troubled Dalton most. Strange as it may appear to superficial observers of human nature, morality in such cases commonly makes a, better fight of it—intercedes more eloquently for the precious life—than religion itself. Dalton thought comparatively little of the question winch theologians have affirmed to be the most pressing of all, " Will this be displeasing to the Supreme Being or not?" but was greatly disturbed by an analogous though not necessarily a synonymous consideration, " Is this right?" and this again resolved itself presently into a very concrete form, " Will it be committing fraud . against the Palm Branch Insurance i Society?" It was above all things necessary—in order to spare the feelings of Ms wife and children—that his death should be attributed to natural causes, and yet in that case they could reap an advantage to which they had obviously no right. At one time, as we have seen, this consideration had been sufficient to cause liim to put aside the notion of self-destruction; and if it had not been for Mr. Campden's conversation with him respecting the Palm Branch, it is probable he would never have reverted to it. Even the Chairman of the Board of Directors had not been able to persuade liim that he had a right to derive advantage from a policy one of the conditions of which he had deliberately violated; but if, to meet their own purposes, the Society should waive their objections, he would surely—so he endeavoured to persuade himself—be in a different moral position. And that they would do so, he had very good reason to believe. The Chairman had announced his intention of pressing that course of conduct upon his colleagues even in case of a stranger, and he was not likely to be less strenuous where the interests of a friend —if the dead can be said to have interests —were involved. Moreover, that he would be committing no fraud—in the way of deception at least—so far as Mr. Campden was concerned, and through him the Company, he felt assured. • It was a trifling circumstance, yet one which, in the event of Lis sudden death, would at once have b .in iir.mense signiiicnncc in the eyes of his host, that he had never mentioned to him, while_talking of that very topic, that he himself was insured in the Palm Branch. It was perhaps by accident" that when-the subject was first started, he had been reticent upon this point; but while the discussion was proceeding he had reflected on the matter, and maintained his secret by design. Now, supposing that he should die very suddenly—much more under circumstances that would suggest suspicion —it must needs at once strike Mr. Campden as very remarkable that his friend had been silent upon such a point; from what Dalton knew of the other's character, he was confident that he would feel it his duty to communicate his conjecture to the Insurance Society, and that having, thus satisfied his scruples, he would do his best, both on public and private grounds, to procure the payment of the policy to Mrs. Dalton and her children. By these arguments Dalton had silenced, if he had not convinced the voice of conscience; as respected the Palm Branch, and had so surmounted his chief difficulty. For to have put an end to himself, with the knowledge that in so doing he was committing a fraud, would have really been an impossibility Vwith him—the like reflection, has probably kept scores of wretched manin this world, and trail continue; to do so;. but the thought that their fraud may not be successful, and their policies be lost, Has restrconSd hundreds. _ • \ . *; in'spite of the reprehensible circumstances in which we now find him placed, John Dalton would have been a better man, even though he hurries his exit, than the majority of those who wait decorously on the stage for the fall of the curtain. It was the suddenness of his calamity which had overthrown his judgment, and prevented perhaps his fertile mind from suggestingsome less tremendous expedient for escaping from his sea of troubles than that of flight. Nor was self, it must be allowed, the promoter of his rash design. If his mind were not now occupied by his beloved Edith and her children, it, was because he did not dare to dwell upon that subject; his heart, which was not dismayed at the thought of that dread leap in the dark, melted like wax at the thought of them? He was not leaving them, as many a self-slayer does, to whom the epithet "coward" is applicable enough, alone and unprotected, deserted by the man within whose power it was to win their bread. His loss would be a gain to them every way—they would ride more buoyantly on the wave of Life for his removal, and many a friendly sail would assist their little barque, from which they could have accepted no such aid had he himself—very literally " a pilot to the shores of—Nothing"—been on board of her. All these reflections occurred to him confusedly, hurrying across his mind one after the other, like flying clouds over a hill side, but all tending to one point. It is but seldom that such a dread resolve as Dalton had in fact as good as come to,' is determined upon by gradual steps. Mr. Campden, I think, somewhat overrode his hobby — .otherwise, a trustworthy nag enough—in striking out the six months' proviso as Tespected suicide from the regulations of his Palm Branch. In the mood in which John Dalton now "found himself, he would have insured in half-adozen such unprotected offices^ and killed hifoself next dayj but he could not—in fact, though the opportunity was open to him, he did not TIO SO—have insured his life with the intention of putting an end to it after the expiration of half a year.. It is not so easy-as some philosophers would persuade us, to look certain death in the face for months, and yet retain our equanimity, even " when our friends are assisting us to do so; but to play the hypocrite to those dearest and nearest to us, to persuade them that all is well with us, while our inward eye is fixed upon the gaping grave, is a role beyond that of most actors. From what he had already experienced, Dalton, at all events, was well convinced that such a sustained effort was beyond his powers. If the thing was to be done, it was not only best but necessary to do it quickly. Upon one thing Dalton had long made up his mind— namely, that the catastrophe should not take place beneath the roof which he still called his home. The improbability of his decease being attributed to his own hand would, he justly concluded, be increased by its occurrence at a time when he was a guest upon a visit of pleasure, and though this was hard upon the Campdens, his necessities were such that he must needs be hard on some one. Their home would be made hateful to Edith and the girls were it made the scene of-such a tragedy; whereas the folks- at Riverside would soon get over it. He pictured to himself, with something like a smile, how his hostess would inveigh against him for his want of consideration for her feelings if she could have looked into his mind at this moment. Would it have a good or a bad effect, he wondered, upon her position " in the county!" It would certainly give the house a temporary interest, and if his ghost should be reported afterwards to "walk" there, even quite a flavour of antiquity. He did not believe in ghosts walking, yet the fancy was sufficient to set his mind speculating on the possibility of his discontented spirit being aware of what was going on in the world after its departure. Would it be cognisant of the future of those dear to him, and note their troubles, without the capability of giving them aid? their dangers, without power to warn them? In that case there was indee'd a Hell, and he would be in it. If he feared for himself at all, it was upon this account. It was surprising, even to himself, how little he was affected by those material terrors in the reality of which he had been brought up to believe; how much his mind still dwelt upon this world, though he stood upon the brink of the other. Though his thoughts wandered so wildly and so far, they always returned, as doves to a dove-cot, to one small and insignificant topic—riiamely, as to when and where this thing should be enacted. The means —which had hitherto been his great difficulty—were now obtained, and he had but to fix time and place. Wliat scene, what hour, was the best fitted—or, rather, the least unfit—for the final catastrophe ? Should it be next moming in the library ? —to which he was still wont to retire after breakfast, upon pretext of business, though all such occupation for him was gone. In. that case Holt would probably the first to find him dead. Then he would tell Campden, and Campden would tell Julia, and Julia would have to break it to Edith. That "would be the best plan, if he "could only be sure that Holt vooidd find him. But suppose Edith should look in npoh him, - under _ pretence, as often happened, of choosing some book to read •with Tony, but in reality, as he well knew, to give him a silent baress, or whisper a word of comfort in his ear— why, that would kill her. And again, if it should happen in the smoking-room, whei^ the others had gone to bed, and he was all alone, save for that Creator into whose visible presence, perchance, he was about to precipitate himself, would not Edith be the person who would come and look for him, alarmed by his Absence, and apprehensive, perhaps, of the very horror thathadactually taken place; apprehensive, but not alas! prepared for it, so that the kidden shock would leave , his children not only fatherless, but orphaned! : He pictured the event under a score of circumstances, to every one of which there Was an objection upon the same ground; in none was it certain that the catastrophe could be broken to his wife without danger of the moBt fatal consequences. If she had been in her usual health, he could have trusted to her paramount sense; of duty to/preserve her under the. worst disasters; her first thought when nature permitted her to think, would have been for :tn<3 children that were still left to her, and for their sake: she: wonld have borne up and lived on. But as it was, enfeebled by her condition, and already depressfed by misfortune, it was only too probable that she might not have the power to rally from such a sudden blow at all. ! It was curious that not till after he had proposed and rejected many schemes, did the thought strike him, " Why should I not do it novo ?" Except for that dark spot, with a thin ribbon of dark cloud above it, on the mere, there was no sign of movement or life about him. It was unlikely that he should ever find himself more alone than at that very, moment, jSave for the dull roar of .the rapid river, hundreds of feet beneath him, and for the distant tinkle of a sheep-bell from the Valley he had just left, not a sound broke the surrounding silence. If it is ever easy for a: man in health and vigour to lie down and die, it was easy for him to do so now. If ever circumstances can be said to be in favour of such a deed, they were so now. If an opportunity was ever afforded for a man to kill himself— yet to. seem Jo others to have died in the course of nature—it was offered to him now. He looked into the future—not the future of the next world, even yet—and things seemedto suit with hisf ell intent. He had just been to his doctor to consult him about a supposed heart disease, and the doctor had as good as confirmed his own expressed suspicions that such a mis chief was at work. " I should not myself be surprised," he had said, " if I was to hear that you had suddenly dropped down dead." It.was true that this had been wrung from him after much pressing—by what lawyers term "leading questions"— but Curzon had not probably been aware of it; and even if he had been, when the iliing had happened, he was certainly not likely to eat his words. He had but to repeat them, and there would be surely .no occasion for any post-mortem, investiga lion. The path .by which Dalton had reached the summit of-the crags was very steep; though it had, in fact, put him but •a very little out of breath; and its ascent might easily be credited with having cost a man affected with a heart disease—and •who had been found dead on the top of it ;—his life. If the doctor had any doubts ;—if the merest scintilla of suspicion could jbe called - such—he . would certainly give ;them, for all reasons, in favour of " Death ;from natural causes." Dalton had parted ifi'oni him,, if not in high spirits, still with \ perfect cheerfulness ; and if he had shown despondency at any period of the interview, it had arisen, apparently, from his suspicions regarding, his own health. •Upon the whole, it seemed that- Dalton's ; expedition of that morning had procured ; for him a most important witness. There was indeed the absence of the laudanum from the bottle to be accounted for; but that could be effected in two ways. Dalton could either take a draught of it, and then break the bottle with the rest of its contents in his pocket, whes.n the breakage would be accounted for by his fall; or having drunk what was neces : sary for his purpose, he could fill up the bottle with water from a little spring that was close at hand. The doctor himself had stated that he had sold him laudanum enough " to kill half the parish," so that a very moderate quantity would suffice for his purpose. As for the Afterwards—he would presently be missed from home, P and since he had moored the boat on the right bank of the river, it would be guessed that he had crossed over into Sanbeck, probably with the intention of calling at the doctor's; the very man would therefore be at once communicated with on whom he mainly relied for the final safe-conduct of the affair; while in the meanwhile time would allow of misgivings and apprehensions, which, however painful in themselves, do somewhat break, to those who entertain them, the shock of calamity. The house, though at some distance, was full inliis sight, in which all thedegreesofsuspenseand wretchedness, uneasiness, dismal foreboding, and despair —were about to be inflicted by his own hand on those he died to benefit, yet he gazed on it with apathetic eyes. Death was so near to him, that feeling was already dulled by its icy presence. It was more mechanically than, as before, of resolute design, that he now kept his back turned to the moorland lake, where the black speck was growing larger every moment, which was the steam-yacht Mary, bringing his unsuspicious dear ones home—and took the laudanum from his pocket. He had a flask fitted with a drinkingcup, and into this he poured sufficient, as he judged, of the deadly drug to effect his purpose; placing this upon the turf, he substituted water from tie .spring for the liquid taken from the bottle, and replaced the latter in his pocket. Then all was indeed ready. It was astonishing, even to himself, how steady was his hand as he raised the fatal draught to his lips. If the claim of Socrates to philosophy, reflected he grimly, rested only upon his calmness in taking the hemlock, John Dalton was as good a philosopher as he. He had " done" his tliinking in this world for good and all, and was wholly occupied with the matter in hand; he only indulged himself in one surmise"-; which was likewise Socratic—How long would the poison take to work ? Would he fall at once into a deep sleep ? Would he feel pain ? Then he drank it off very quickly, and to the last drop—after which he carefully washed out the drinking-cup. and returned it to its proper place. As he did so, it suddenly occurred to him that his mouth—he bad said to himself his "breath," and then mentally corrected his mistake, with a smile that was very like a shudder—that his mouth would smell of the poison. He remembered that in many cases of suicide the fact was at once discovered by this simple means, and yet he had almost forgotten to take so ordinary a precaution. He now wetted his lips with a little wine from his flask and took out his cigar-case. "The wine- and tobacco together," thought he coolly, "will surely overcome the scent of the laudanum." But in selecting his cigar, his hand trembled excessively, for the case from which he; took it had been his wife's gift, and was embroidered by her own fingers. Almost everything that John Dalton had, of a handy or luxurious sort, had been given him upon one or other of his birthdays by his wife or children, and he was wont to , use, them ps a matter of course. But now, as he was leaving his Edith for ever without look or Word of farewell, the touch of the silken flowers die had woven for him, sent a pang to his heart so keen and vivid th&t; he almost douhted whether it might: not be already due to the poison he' had jswallowed. - Whence put tne case away, however, - the pain went with, it, and ho sat down on the turf, and began smoking his cigar. If he had stood up for a few minutes longer, he would probably have been seen by those on board the yacht, which had by this time left the mere, and was speeding home between the riverbanks. As it was, they came on—the young people still at their jests and games •—opposite to, and immediately under the very crag where Dalton sat. He heard them, or heard something that seemed to imingle with the murmur of the river, and yet was not of it; and dimly curious— for his mind was clouded; .and his senses only half obeyed his will—would have risen to see what it was; his limbs, how-'- ever, were numb and nerveless, and in the attempt to get upon his feet, he fell, and rose no more. 