LEADING A CALF. Ho was a small but musoular boy, and the calf was probably two months old, with a de- velopment of unadulterated cusscdness that would do credit to a Georgia Kuklux Kian oap tain. There was a rope between thom, and, as they went down South Third street, bets wore about even as to whether the boy was leading the calf or the calf leading (ho boy. The calf made,a dash for tho Central Express Offioo The boy pulled him baok, and he made a dash (or the boy, who ran round a wagon and fell over awator-melon pile, the proprietor whereof swore oopiously : " Como baok hore you infernal dod buster, and pay for this melon." " Say, M-'h-ister ; whoa-give me my-thun deration on you-hat, won't yer ?" And the calf kicked up his heels and b-a a-d, and tried to run into a store, but the boy sat back on the lino with all his strength, and sud- denly sat down in tho mud as tho oalf altered his mind and turned around to look at him. They went quietly ton steps till a dog barked, when it took four oiroles around tho boy in as many seoonds, tying his logs upin the lino, bring- ing him down in the mud again, and dragging him round until ho looked uko an old hat that had been run over by the ice-cart for two seasons. A philanthropic fat man went to the boy's as- sistance, but the calf kicked him on tho shin and butted him in tho oondensor, so that ho sat down on tho curb-stone and tried to die oasy. Then the boy and the calf entangled themselves and startled down tho street like a mail train behind lime, until the oalf, soaring at some- thing, stoppod suddenly, and the boy fell over it and lost the ropo. Tho oalf at once took to his heels, cvory boy in the street running after and grabbing at tho ropo, until it got tangled in the bridge, when his conduotor oaught him by the ear and tail, and a lively fight took place all across the bridge and out of sight, while everybody along the "street proceeded to tell how easy it is to load a oalf if you only go thoir way about it.-Easton (Ind.") Press. During a speech the other night a promi- nent member of the Boston Common Council made the same remark that a wise man changes his mind often and a fool novor, and in the noxt breath exclaimed : " I have not changed my mind"-and then he wanted to know what the the other members weçe laughing at. Dickens and Thackeray wera walking in Coven t Market one day, when they came to a placo whero there were two piles of oysters in a window, one pile being marked ninepenoe a dozen and the other sixenoe a dozen. Thackeray stood with his hands behind bim and said to Dickens : " How they must hate euch other." '''Yes," ponsivoly obsorvos the Detroit Free Press, " the sad withered leaves fall down as the sighing Autumn gales sweeps thro' the branoho9, and if ,a fellow loses a nickel in the door yard the chances are ten to one that he oan't find it. A Yankoe has submitted to thoFrenoh Govern- ment a decapitating maohino intended to super- sede the guillotine. It is on the pneumatic tube system, and automatio in aotion, thus doing away with an executioner. When it does away with the oulprit it will bo complete in all its arrangements. Professor Marsh, during his researches at the West, discovered a fossil bird with well-formed teeth, and, after making a oritioal examination ' of the ouriosity, ho concludes that it is inter- mediate between thebird and the reptile, and sup- plies one of the missing links in tho Darwinian theory. Those who are going near to Rufford Abboy are advised to seo the trco wonders of that plaoe, not sufficiently known ; they aro as follows :-An oak, at 5 feet up, 27 feet round; a lime, at the same height, 20 foct round ; a walnut, at 2 feet up, 22 feet round; and a larch, at 5 foot up, 10 foot round. The following is from a Belfast newspapor : " To let, tho Houso at present occupied (and Binoe erootod) by J. H., Esq , having every con- venience for the accommodation of a gentleman's family. Apply," &o.; The conception of a houBe at present oooupied, and yet ereotcd sinoo it was oocupicd, and, moreover, ereotod sinoo the present time, is quito clear. There was a young girl at the poloc-station Milwaukee, recently, not over sixteen, with pre- possessing faoe and a good figuro, whosa body and limbs are covered with scales about the size of and similar in appearance to the scales of a fish Medical gentlemen who have examined her say that sho presents the most extraordinary oase of malformation on record. The soales have the ohamoleon-liko function of ohanging their colour. The soiles on her arm, while the writer was pre- sent, changed twice from a palo amber colour to blood-red, and back again. Tboy do not ovcrlio eaoh other as in the caso of fish or reptiles, but innur fn Vin ¡mVind^n^l in »tin fiai._in " o"i.<\- «f appear to bo imbedded in the fish-in a sort of mosaic work ; and in colour ohanges the trans- formation does not take plaoe at onoe in all the imbricated platos, but varies, some turning red while others retain the amber colour, whioh scorns to be the primary hue. A correspondent of the Albany Cultivator, describing fruit gardens near the village of San Leandro, California, says the country, especially that part of it which lies west of the mountains and upon the bay in Alameda Counry, is notod for the riohncBS of its soil and its magnificent growth of fruits and vegetables. They toll stories of tho size of theso products that will hardly be belioved. " Carrots grow 3 feet long, and weigh 351bs ; oabbages, 751bs. ; onions, 51bs ; water melons, 851bs. ; poars, 3¿lbs. j strawberries, 2ozs. ; beets, 200lbs. ; or 1 to 3 bushels ; apples, of the gloria mundi sort, 2£lbs." A family near Boston is happy in tho posses- sion of a parrot of a moro than ordinary intelli- gence, and ono whose talking powers are the wonder of the neighbourhood. In an evil day, howevor, the bird was taught by some naughty boys to swear like a trooper, and with a perver- sity wonderfully human, and withal, strangely sa- vouring of original sin, the foathorod biped soon seemed to find ploasuro in nothing so oruoh as a sounding oath. Mild corrcotionary measures proving unvailing, tho offender was at last re- gularly soueed in a pail of cold water after eaoh burst of profanity, and then plaoed on tho stove hearth beforo the fire to dry. During a rooent rain storm, some small ohiokens belonging to the same family got very wet and thoroughly chilled, and sevoral of them wore plaoed on a peroh before the fire to be warmed into full activity again. It so happened that the parrot had just been treated to an involuntary bath himself, and ho at once knowingly oooked his hoad on one side and surveyed the new comers for a moment in silence. Then, as if all was plain to him, he hitched a little away from the dripping companions and exolaimed in an ora- cular tone, "Little fools, beon swearing !" "Grass widow" has been corrupted from " Grace widow," meaning a divoroed wife, or a widow by graoo of the law. A man who has travelled says it didn't take him long to find out that the brakomen own all the railroads and the olerks all the hotels. A Detroit woman wants to set her eyes on the female who can empty a pan ef ashes and not have the wind blow half of it baok into her jaco. It is said that a girl lately sang " Darling, I am growing old," with an oxpression so pertinent and foroible that her procrastinating lover was brought to timo on tho spot. The Detroit philosopor thinks it is tho best way not to make a will. If you do mako one tho lawyers will provo you to bo an idiot or lunatio, and tako tho property for proving it. The Adalbert shaft of tho silvor and lead mines at Pribram, in Bohemia, baa rcaohod the extraordinary depth of nearly 3,300 foot. The postul card contractors at Springfield, Mass., whoso limit of production is 800,000 por day, aro 5,000,000 behind thoir ordors. A mcrohant, writing to an agent in Afrioi, requested him to aond him " 1 or 2 " monkeys, and, as ho wrote a oaroless hand, ho shortly aftorward received 1,002 monkeys, all alivo in good condition. Wo milk 13,000,000 cows in this country, koop 3,000 oroamerios and oheoso factories, and have a ohcoao and butter product of $450,000,000. M. Boutil, who saved somo fifty porsons at Toulouse during the reoent inundations, has been drowned in the Soino by tho upsetting of a sailboat, though a powerful man and an ex- pert swimmer. Mr. Lowell, of Granvillo, N. Y., has in his possession some raro spooimens of anoiont ooin, collected by him in various parts of the world, one of whioh ho claims to be 1,900 years old. Tho others boar tho date of 1G22, 1651, and 1690. A lady belonging to ono of tho most distin- guished families in Now York Stato lately plaoed herself in a torrible fix by an attempt to ovado oustom-houso duos at Now York, and had tho satisfaction of paying 100 dollars to settle the difficulty. In another caso tho attempt to smuggle in a trousseau on the part of a member of an ominont publishing firm resulted in a pay- ment of 1200 dollars. Tho ghosts which haunted a MasBaobusotts school-house for months, and frightened ono teacher into spasms, turns out to have beon a tom oat in tho garret. This need not, howevor, prevent anyone believing in fiery eyed ghosts. A despatch from Richmond, Va , states that on Tuesday forenoon an explosion of fire-damp in tho Raccoon Pit, Chesterfield oounty, Vir- ginia, oauscd a firo, in whioh four men woro burnod to death. A Milwaukoo lady who paid 50 dois, to have a wart removed from her noso now wants to know what has become of her nose. The most sensible and happiest pair of people in Tennessee aro a oouplo who have beon " en- gaged," without gotting married, for twenty-five years. " Lot's play I'm an angel, and take you up to Heaven," was the startling proposition of a York-street miss, aged three, yesterday. Her Heavon was the high door step. Toaoher (to a littlo boy) : " Well, my boy, do you know your tables ?" Pupil : " Yes, ma'am ; breakfast table, dinner table, and supper table." The boy goes to the head of the class. " I'm two years older than you," said a little eight-year-old girl to a Now Bodford boy the other day. " Well, 1 don't oare," was the reply, "I'm going to wear trousers soon, and that you'll never do." , When an Indiana girl gets tired of a lover and determines to dismiss him, she doesn't throw muoh fresoo work into bor spoeoh. " I guess you can pull off now, Sam," is her icy remark j " this egg won't hatch." A droll story is told of two enfans teriibles in the nursery. " Why do wo pray for our daily bread for this day ? Why should wo not pr»y pray for it onoe a wook ?" " Because mamma always likes hot rolls for breakfast." A lady oalled upon hor milliner the other day to got the oharaoter of her servant. The rc8pcotablo appearance was beyond questioning. " But is she honest ?" aaked the lady. "I am not so certain about that," replied the milliner ; " I have sent her to you with my bill a dozen times, and she has nover yet given me the money." Married women gain muoh by journeying alone. For instanoe, when sho travels accom- panied by her husband she is obliged to wait on herself; whereas, if she is alono sho oonnot be shown too muoh attention or too many courte- sies. This represents two phases of American gallantry. But then some people arc happy if they oan only carry a woman's shawl and travelling bag. An expert in fine penmanship recently managed to write sovoraJ thousand words on a postal oard, and the smart oountry postmaster where it was mailed, thinking this altogether too muoh writing to be oarriod around tho oountry for one oont sent it to the dead letter office. It was returnod with the decision that it makes no difference how muoh a man writes if ho only gets it all on one side of the card. The report of the Great Western Railway Company of Canada for tho half year announces that there will bo no dividend. The deficiency in the reserve is £141,000. Red Bank has six lawyers and ton law stu- dents, and yet people ever in the Unitod States always refer to New Jersey as a oountry where the inhabitants live in quiot, rural swoot con- tent and Arcadian simplicity and poaoofulnoss. -'Lona Branch News. The steamship Lady Nopigon, just arrived at Quobeo from Liverpool, had an unusually boisterous passage, with heavy head-seas, and sustained considerable damage. On the 14th of Ootobor she encountered a gale during whioh the oaptain was lashed to the mast fourteen hours, dirooting the vessel, and McQuiohio, the steward, was pitched against the upper dook combing of tho companion way and killed. The verdict of the ooroner's jury in the case of a Detroit dry goods clerk who died suddenly the other day, was : " After a careful examina- tion wo find that doath ensued from his having neglooted to ask : ' Anything else to-day ?' of a lady leaving the store " A oonduotor on the Chicago and North- western Railway reoently kissed one of his lady passengers, a Miss M'Cracken. She resented his action, and instituted a suit against the railroad for damages on the ground that she was kissed by the whole oompany through the oonduotor as agent. An Illinois jury awarded her 1,000 dois., whioh is 83 dois., from each director, or 10 cents from cash stockholder. The Rov. J. O. Young, reotor of Ilmington, Warwickshire, says of an old woman to whom he had expressed his regret that he had never seen her in church-" She smiled, patted him on the shoulder in a patronising way, and said, ' Oh, don't you be downhearted I When the weather picks up a bit, I'll oomo and havo a look at you.' " A fellow walked into a Troy mudo atoro the other day, called for a piooo of music entitled " Act on the Square," and while the olork was looking for it walked off with the till with £500 in it. There is a very good movement going on to establish school kitchens in our suburban parishes Tbo elder girls in tho sohools aro told off for tho purpose, and they work together, six at a time, undor suporintondonoe, two as cooks, and four as kitchen-maids. Tho moat cooked is eold at a low price, sometimes to the paronts of the ohildren at the school, sometimes to somo of the ehildron, who, oora'.ng from a distanoo. aro glad to bo sparod tho burdon of thoir dinners carried with thom. Tho cooking is only loarnt on oortain days, and so well has tho work been arrangod with rospoot to tho other sohool occu- pations that tho needlework and gcnoral offi cionoy of those particular scholars has not only not suffered, but has been especially oommondod. An ocean homing bird, of great docility, in tolligonoe, and spirit, has beon found in Ice- land, which flios at a meteor-like spood of 150 miles an hour, and is ablo to find its home, ovor sea and land, from any part of the habitable world. A poir of those birds, a few days ago, brought dopatobes from Paris to a lonely spot, congenial to thoir nature, in a wild and rocky part of Kent, within ton miles of London, in ono hour and a half. Press earrier pigeons took the despatches on to the oity, tho whole distanoo from Paris to London, by aotual paroel mode of oonveyauoe, being dono within one hour and a half. If tho oxporimonts at present j being mado in training and eduoating them con- tinue suooossful, it is hoped by next summer to establish a daily miniature ocean mail botweon America and Europe, tho wholo distanoo to bo traversed botweon sunriso in ono homisphoro and sunset in the other. In spite of the purchase of telegraphs, for- tification loans, and o thor outlays, the debt of this country is £41,004,588 less than it was ton years ago. It is the habit to state the dobt of the United Kingdom in round numbers at £800,000,000-an amount, indeed, whioh waa rather below the truth in 1870 ; but sinoo then we have paid off £20,057,875, and tho total indebtedness- whether funded, unfunded, or in tho shapo of torminablo annuities-now amounts to £775,348,686. During the last five years tho annual reduction of debt has averaged £5,211,500; and, acoording to Sir Stafford Northooto's provisions, it now promisos to bo still moro considerable. At a communion sorvico rocen Hy oonduotod in Orkney tho officiating o'lorgymon woro the Rov. Messrs. Robb, Roy, and M'Grogor. A Scotch newspaper says that tho devil has rosorved several ohoioo seats for thoso who writo communications to newspapors with a load penoil. A man was askod tho oaso of his father's death, and replied that, "whilo addressing a large outdoor assemblage of pooplo, who wore listening to his remarks with the greatest in terost, a portion of tho platform upon whioh he was standing gave way bonoath him, whoroby he was precipitated several foot with snob violence as to break his nook." Tho man's father waa hanged. The refined stylo, so as not to shook pooplo's norves, was invonted by the boudoir journalist Adolphus do Crome. He thus writoB of a rcoont event :-" A Missouri man has, wo regret to rooord, ooaxod a boy to take sulphurio aoid, and a orowd, wo rejoice to promulgate, coaxed tho man to play pendulum from tho limb of a shady tree." Tho following advortisemont reoontly np poored in a Now York paper : -" A fathor wants to find a sohool for his son whore a manly and usoful education will bo given him, and whoro the teachers do not fill tho hoads of thoir pupils with humbug stories about nations that died and woro buried thousands of oonturies ago, not a oitizen of whioh could either command a streambuat or keop an hotel." It was in Indiana ; and she applied for a di voroo. " Did ho give you olothing enough ?" said tho Judge. " I lived with him ninetoon years," said sho, "and all tho olothos that ho over bought mo were a bunch of hair pins and a tooth brush." Ah, that cagor grasp of the hand ; that anxious inquiry about your wife and the babies ; that kindly solioitude oonoorning your financial wolfaro ; yes, there's no mistaking it. Ho's a candidate. Mr. Carlyle has been interviewed by an Amorioan lady, who though a stranger, managed to elioit a few of tho great '.writer's opinions in regard to theological matters. He said, among other things, that the Christian Cburoh was changing, but the grand truths of Christianity wero unalterable In the hands of Bismarck, the ohiefost statesman of the ago, its progress was as certain as tho rising of to-morrow's sun 