TOWN TALK. The next Suez mails which are due here | on the 25th July, are to he brought by tho , Bangalore; and the vessel laid on for the following trip is the Assam, a remarkably | fine new steamer of 3000 tons. Intending visitors to the opening of the Deniliquin and Moama Kail way will be glad to learn that arrangements have been made whereby they will be able to catch the mid day train to Echuca. Noticing that the 1.54 p.m. train from Geelong arrives six minutes too late to enable the passengers to catch the mid-day traiu to Echuca, the Hon. G. E. Belcher yesterday waited upon the Hon. tho Commissioner of Railways and gained his consent to passengers landing at Footscray, and taking their seats in the Echuca train as it passes by. This concession will doubt less be appreciated. A caution to business men was adminis tered by His Honor Judge Kogers in the Court of Insolvency yesterday. There were a conplc of applications for certilicates, and it transpired that the insolvents had been unable to pay the 7s in the £ required by the act or any other amount. In both cases the insolvents commenced business on re markably small capitals, and His Honor pointed out it was unfair on the part of some men to commence business without good capital because their creditors were placed at a disadvantage. In both instances dis pensation was refused, aud the insolvents allowed time to pay sometliing in the £ for the benefit of their creditors. Not only from the Telegraph, but also from the Lands Department, the New South Wales Government is drawing our best men. We learn that arrangements have been so far completed that the Sydney oiiice can take a detachment of twenty draughtsmen at once, the compensation offered, being more than double what is paid in Melbourne. Draughts men, who receive between (is and 7s a day here, can remove to Sydney and commence work at lis, with a guaranteed increase to 15s per day within three or four months. Mr J. R. Hopkins, M.P., accompanied by Mr Stokes, arrived by the Haidce yesterday, and states that the Mischief, Queen, and Naiad are also coming down with visitors to the race3. With respect to a special train from Ballarat, we' understand the Depart ment will not grant one. Perhaps tho people of Ballarat can induce the Hon. the Com missioner to cause one to run. At the General Sessions yesterday Saun ders was sentenced to three months' impri sonment for the larceny of a piano. Christo pher Cairns was sentenced to four months' imprisonment for having committed a com mon assault on Wm. Staunton. A meeting of the members of the Eight Hours League, together with those who sympathise with it, was called for last even ing, at the Fire Brigade room. The object of the meeting was to see whether the eight hours system could not be extended to those tradesmen who are at present working ten hours a day, but as they appeared to be indifferent with respect to the matter by not putting in an appearance at the meeting, it was decided to postpone the business until the last Wednesday in July. At a meeting of the National Reform League of Ballarat, held on Tuesday evening, it was arranged to correspond ■with the Gee long League respecting tho approaching elec tion for the South-AVestcrn Province. A meeting of the directors of the Native Youth Company was held yesterday for the purpose of accepting tenders for the purchase of the company's plant. No tenders were received, and tho directors decided to have the plant offered for sale. The sale will take place at two o'clock on Saturday, Stli July, at the rooms of Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson. One of the defendants in an action iieard at the County Court yesterday stated that he had once been a plaintiff in the same court. Although upon that occasion he had been successful, the amount of law costs which he paid had doubled the debt of £50. The Mechanics' Literary Class held their usual weekly meeting last evening.. Mr Hosford occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of members. The secretary having read the minutes of the last meeting, announced that the last quarterly entertain ment yielded a net profit of 35s. The members afterward spent the evening in giving readings and recitations. Mr Browu liill recited •' Othello's Apology for his Mar riage," also, part of the "Ghost Scene" from Hamlet and "Hamlet's Soliloquy." Mr Forbes recited "From the Wreck," a very excellent composition of Gordon's, having reference to the wreck of the ill- fated Admella. Mr Taylor recited "Richard Cceur de Lion at the bier of his Father." Mr Reeves recited "Horatius," and Mr Peaver recited " The Uncle." The whole of the recitations were most excellently ren dered, and several members expressed the pleasure they had experienced during the evening. s The employes of the Ballarat Woollen Mill have been on strike, but it is expected the directors having offered them the same wages as the Geelong weavers receive, they will soon come to terms. They are prospecting for coal down Wnrr nambool way. A depth of 300 feet has already been reached without either coal or | shale being found, but the company, not at all discouraged, intend to go much deeper. The Thomson River Copper Company in Gippsland have, it is stated, given notice of intention to construct a tramway from their works to the railway at Traralgon. This will enable them to get their ore smelted at Footscray, where it can he done more cheaply j than on the spot. , A Gippsland paper states that so fright ened were the residents of Blackall Creek when a case of scarlet fever occurred, tliat the majority of them cleared out iutendirig to return when the plague, for this is about | what the scarlet fever epidemic amounts to, has passed away. ' We understand that tenders have been j accepted for alterations to the premises rc centlysecuredby the Provincial and Suburban Bank, at the corner of Moorabool and Ryrie streets, and the various works are to. be carried on with the utmost despatch, to enable the Bank to open for general business with as little delay as possible. When com pleted, the new Bank will be quite an orna- j mcnt to the town, as well as a credit to the. architects, Messrs Davidson and Henderson. The shares, we are also informed, are going off rapidly, and there is every prospect of the Bauk securing a large amount of support. On and after Saturday the departure of the morning trains will be altered to the following times:—Geelong to Ballarat at S.32; Geelong to Melbourne at 8.49. Tenders for the supply of coal at Geelong for the railway department are invited, through our advertising columns, by the Commissioner of Railways. Nominations for vacancies in the Board of Advice, Meredith Biding, Shire of Heigh, must be delivered to the returning officer be fore 4 p.m. on the 3rd July. The members of the Geelong Young Men's Association will give an entertainment this evening to the inmates of the Benevolent Ward at the Hospital. A full attendance of members is requested. The Quarterly meeting of the Coster-field | Gold and Antimony Company will be held at four o'clock this afternoon at the Atlio nceum in Melbourne. Cobb and Co. announce, in our advertising columns that they will despatch coaches, as usual, from their office, for the races on I Saturday. ■ ' Saturday being Separation Bay, will be observed a3 a holiday by all the banks. It is currently rumored in Colac (says the I Herald) that Mr Adam Eea is about to be | appointed a Justice of the Peace for the Southern Bailiwick. If this rumor is cor- j rect, the reason why Mr Eea supports Mr J. H. Connor, after stating at a meeting of the I Colac National Kefonu League that he would oppose him, is now made plain. "These are thy gods, 0 Israel." The Vicar of Bray I still lives in Victoria. The Tasmanla/i Tribune of the 23rd inst. has the following -.—On dil that we are to be visited by one of the younger princes of the royal family in a few months, or oven at a shorter time, for rumor goes so far as to say that our distinguished visitor is already c« route for this colony. We are informed I that preparations have been commenced at I Government House for the prince's reception by the refitting of the suite of rooms occu pied by his Eoyal Highness the Duke of i ™ "V®!1 whea on a visit to this colony. | I ho following letter has been addressed by the Hon. James M'Kean to His Excellency the Governor, relative to the ICibnany Park and job:—"43, Elizabeth street, Mel bourne, 27th June, 1876. Sir George P. Lowcn G.C.M.G., &c;, Governor, &c.;_ our Excellency,—1 am requested by my constitutents to bring under your notice the matter referred to in the enclosed printed. letted (published in the Arje of the 21st instant), to which my name is attached. I have written to the Minister of Lands in the terms of that -letter, but as yet have received no reply from mm, although a full week has elapsed since. I delivered the letter at the Land e. As my constituents are of opinion that the sale of the lands in question, which took place on the 30th May last, was an in direct fraud upon the public revenue, as well as an indirect violation of the spirit of the existing Land Act, and as Parliament will not meet until the month has elapsed during which the sale of the land can be cancelled, they have requested me to pray your Excellency that yon will direct the cancellation of the sale of these lands, in order that justice may be done in this re gard, both to the State and to intending selectors in the locality.—I have the honor to be, Sir, yours, &c.;, James M'Kean." llie Creswicfc Advertiser states: "A miserable-looking object named John Leick was brought up at the Police Court on Mon day last, before the PoliceMagistrate, charged with attempting to commit suicide by cuttin" Ins throat at Bullarook on the 19tli instant? _ e presented a shocking appearance, and was discharged and sent to the Hospital, where he now lies iu a precarious state. From what' we have been able to learn, it appears the man, who is a native of Shropshire, and young, was breaking stones for one of the road contractors at Bullarook, and residing in the bush, when he made this most deliberate attempt upon his life with a razor, inflicting a largo incised wound upon his throat, dividing the wind pipe. In this state lie wandered about the Jackass ranges from Monday, the 19th, until Sunday the 25th instant, when in formation was given to the police by a person named Spence, who met hira in the bush and gave him some refreshment. He was brought in to Creswiek on Sunday night by Constable Woods. The only explanation he can give of liis extraordinary conduct is, that he was unable to sleep at night. He was not able to articulate until his throat was stitched up. How the man survived the injury and exposure to the cold for nearly a we.ek is a mystery. Wo find the following in Wednesday's hvenuitj Post :—" What appears to have been a murderous assault was committed about eight o'clock this morning at the Chinese gardens near Wendouree. About the hour mentioned MrNutsfonl, agent for ho Hon. T. MacBermott—who owns the gardens worked by the Chinese-heard an unusual uproar, sucl on proceeding- to the spot found three of the Chinese with their heads and faces one mass of cuts and bruises and weltering in blood. One of the Chinese had a butcher's meat-chopper in his hand, with which lie stated, one of his mates, Ah Coon, had indicted the injuries. Finding aflairs looking serious and quarrelling still going on Mr Niitsford sent immediately to the police station, when Sergeant Shine soon arrived on the scene and at once put a stop to the quarreHing. Before Sergeant Shine amved All Coon attempted to bolt away but was captured by two of his mates and locked up in the house. A doctor and in terpreter were sent for, mid it was intended to lay an information against Ah Coon for the murderous assault in order that a war rant for his arrest wight issue. On inquiry at the projier quarters we learned that np to the hour of our going to press no information had been sworn, and consequently no steps taken for the arrest of All Coon, though from the condition of one of the victims of h?s freak who lies in bed, apparently seriously blind l m SrCat pain' corered tvith blood and groaning in agouy, such a course must of necessity be takea." A letter received by Mr Bennett, the' agent of the All England Eleven (to arrive here at Christmas), from James Lillywhite says :— 'Dear Sir,—1 am very pleased to hear everything is going on so well.' I think with you the Adelaide people are putting it on a little heavily, considering the immense distance we have to come. I sec no reason why a combined eleven of the whole of the colonies should not play ns, as yon say it will be an immense draw ; and, really if you Victorians retain the form shown when we were there, and New South Wales thrash you so easily, you are not out of it, but that can be decided on after a trial or two against odds. What a crowd to see the Intercolonial match at Sydney. I suppose hey are delighted in beiug able to defeat you so easily, and the public turned out to a man to witness it. What a turn round, as only two years ago I would have backed you to play fourteen of them. The season here has just commenced, but very bad weather : so cold as yet, frost every niglit, but very dry Before next mail leaves I shall have seen all the men who have promised to come, and in my next will give you an outline of the dif ferent features in wliieh they excel in the pine. There has been a party here trying I to engage our men to come out (Pickersgill and company, I think), but they all refuse, , and stick to us like bricks to mortar. .More matches you can make the.better. I shall I engage the remainder of the team shortly j when I see their form. When engaged, I I will immediately let; you know who they are. They will be batsmen. -Jas. Lilly 