MUSICAL SOCIETIES AND TONIC SOL-FA TO lin: mumu or inn HEI:\I.P. Sin,-Had 1 de.-uol a little cheap notoriety just now, either for myself, or for the method of teaching music which I have adoptol, my object could not havo' boon better a't I-lined than by Ibu publication of tho letters oi my f deads Mc-81-.s. Ho:n mid "V minger. As to myself, I am porfojtlv indifferent ; but on lo-c-ount of the Tonic Sol-fa method, to wh-ch those gentlemen havo so strong nn objec- tion, _ I am sincerely grateful to thcrti tor bringing it «o prominently under public notic at the present crisis of music in Sydney. I believe it will be admitted that I am nut. responsible for the somewhat disiiu-flivo character of the rontrovoisy which has been car- ried on in your journal during the p\si week or two. My opp uents have wandeied considerably Irom the text enunciated by " Handel's Ghost." Lilio tho hare, when hard pre- sed, they uro c.xpeit at doubling; or, perhaps, like that ingenious animal ino cuttle-fish, they hopa, by raising ii cloud of ink, to eludo pur-uit under its cover. Tho very sight of thal rathol uncouth ramo, '. Tonic Sol .fn,"seems to proáu-e the same i-tlojt upon some musicians as the flutter ot a red rag is ?aid ti h ive upon a bull ; and the irritation and ptut'e ave as rational in the'ono «¡60 as the other. But in their e.igetûess to cxtonnin-ito the obnoxious syvtom, they h ive invested it vvith attribute's of terror and potentialities for mischief which havo no exisrone-o except in their own imaginations-. On the principle, I supposo, that when you have a had case tho best plan is to abu'o the other sid«, I havo boin acctedited vv.th opinions I never entertained, with dieds 1 nover achioved, and accused of failures which not only never occurred, but for which, if they had happened, 1 should in no way havo been responsible; So many points have been touched upon in the letters to which I havo alluded, that it would bi difficult, in tb'i c damns of it daily nowspaper, io say all I could wish npjn them withont'tho risk of dis- gusting your readers Avith dry techn caluies, or having my letter crowded out altogether." As it is my intention shortly to outer upon a ponuUr exp*Siiion of tho Tonic Sol-fa method in a more suitable place and manner, I shall coûtent myself on the present occasion with replying as briolly is possible to the charges and objections ot your correspondents. Both Mr. Younger and Di. riornarc still un.ible to see the difference botvvcon a method of teaching music and a system of musical notuti m. Tue principles and practico of the former, if thoy pis-ess any valuablo or distint-tivo features, must bo fixed and essential to the succ-c-Hâ of the method, whatever it ho; while th- ltit.-r is accidental and purely arbitrary, and may assume ns mauy hues us ti ch tuieloin. I still atlirni that the Tonic Sol-fa method of teaching is at least SOO years old. The Tonic Sol-fa not ation-by which mus-t-nl sounds are represo ited by the initial letters of the sul-t.l syllables was invented only about thirty years ago. That vvhi-ih I ndvis-edly called tho "old" notation-the system of u-piv sentmgmus.iai sounds by various characters upon a slnil ?if five fines (more or lots')-ÍB generally believed to have be-.-n the invention of Gir'do Aretino, ivlio flourished about tile beginning of the 11th centuty. I um aivilro ihat it ha» tu-en asserted that tho staff Avas known to and used hy the Egyptians; bu; this statonu nt rests u; on the authority of Arossius, -and 1 doubt whether it has bren substantiated by more mudera researches. It is connia, however, that the Greeks and Homans used loiters to denoio musical sound-, as do tho modern ionic S iltaists ; a p'otty clear proof cither that they were ignoiaut of the stall, or' that thoy preferred the simpler notation. It is equally certain, that the system of solfeggis introduced by Guido was founded upon the relation of iones to ono another in key,-in fact, a Tonic Sol-fa method. It is quite a diffeient question, as to which is preferable -a letter or u btalf notation. On this point 1 cannot do oetter than quote ihe ve y Avoids of the inventor of this much abused-or " much lauded'' if Mr. Younger profeis it- Tonio Sol-fa notation, in his latest, and perhaps most important work. In '. tho Teacher's Manual of tio Ton'c Sol-fa Method," published m November, lt>7ó, Mr. Cunivn says:-"Tho Tonic *5ol-fa notation doeB not piopose to alter or Buppmnt the stuff notation, neither does it moroly supplement it. It seeks to be true t) uiU6Ío iis.lf, mid to become tho best and readiest interpreter ol all notations. But it is also, more than tiny other at the present timo, a loncurrent notation. It i-aunot cqmpaio its literatura with the vast stor«s of the staff no'.a ion, to the niiisteiy of ivh,eh it piosents a key. But a notation from which to immy ibou«unds of ihe petpli so habitually sing, and in which* some 40,000 cr ÖO.ÖIO pages of music are already printed »ni in ominen uso, it may be fai.ly Biiid to íun along by the side of-to be con tu "rent Avith-the established n.itati'U. ' To eon vinco aiij' w-ho t-ikos an imeiestin tins subject that I um tully iilivo to the excellences ot tho stall notation, and ihe nece-sify for adopting it whenever practicable, I would merely state that ihe two most Micctsstul musical s-ocielies thnt I have organized nua oonduete.l in ¡sydney-societies which actually produced, suoh woik* as The Messiah, SiiiiisVn. Judas, Tho Creation, Elijah, ¡co., ustd that nota- tion exclusively ; although most of the members had been taught by tho Tonic Sol-fa method. ii r.., Younger .raises another false issue, and once more piovosthis utter ignorance of the subject on which he writes, when he SUVST---'' Mr. Fisher seems to havo peisistontly and caiofully avoided any allusion to the said .system in connie tion vvith.instrumH.ntB, well knowing as ho must its utter inapplicability in thal lespect." The above charge contains , two ; fallacies -first, that 1 conaider that the Tonic-Sol-fa notation i-i-the host for in- truiiient'il music; aud second, that it has nover bsen appl.tsd to such ii purpose. To set Mr. Younger right upjn these points, 1 beg to stafo that, in common with many of the moBfc experienced teaeherb of tue method, I disapprove of the .-»'.-?ii uotitiou for instru- mental music in general ; but that it can, and has bein, applied to such n purpose is proved by ibu fact that Mr. Curwen's catalogue ot publications issued from " The Toiiio-Sol-fu Pioss " ineltuics tho following instruction lojks for instruments (nil in the Tonic- Sol-fa notation) - ..The Hin moniuin and OiganBiok," *' The First Pianoforte Built," "The Bra s Ba-id Book," " The String Band Book," 1 The Iieed Bund Bjok," and " The Gorman Concertina !-i ok." S0,"e °*: these works I sha 1 bo happy to show to Mr. Younger, or to any other persons who seek information upon th-.s subject. I can vvell ¡ilford to smile at the ungenerous sneor of Dr. Horn resptcting the performances of my jiiveuilo pup Is, for the sake of the uuin-eutionnl compliment which his words imply. If ho is under the impression that Ihe enildr.iii who weie tra ned by me ti sing such comp.isit.iou as '* TheF.oAver Q.ioen" were taught by ear (which is, I' suppose, what ho means by the phrase " by heart"), ho is altogether mistaken. Every noto Of tho music thoy loam is read and learnt from musical notation, anil tho fact that they have been so well taught as to ko able to Bing without boohs _ is only another proor of tho exe l'.euce of tho method against, which he euiortaino such strong-because ignorant-pre- judices, if Vc. Horn is really desirous to see how such resulta hive beon attained, I invite him to wituoss the pro- co is at at my clauses in the Model Sch.ol. Neaily 30,000 copies of my own Tonic Sol-fa " S hool Song-books " havo been printed and published in Sydney. As their uioduction iuvolvei a very heavy o.xpeudituio it is obvious that there must bo a considerable demand for them, and that at some perio lor other of the children's tra nmg books mo actually used although thoy do mt usually iciune them on the concert platform any moro than do the members of tin opein chorus when behind the footlights. Some of Dr. Horn's rema ks uro too puoiile and absurd to demand a serious reply. I w mid suggest that it is probable that " not one of the great compose.s of the last centuries " availed himself of the Tonic Sol-fa notation for tho same reason that our nncestors buint candles instead of gus, and travelled in waggons or stage-coaches instead of railway carriages. A good deal Ins been said about profession ii jealousy as one causo of the failure of musical societies. Should such a feeling really exist (of courso a most improbable circumstance in, let na say, tho city of Lilliput), I havo littlo doubt that thoso of your readers who havo perused the various letters recently published in your columns Avili have no difficulty in deciding in ivhat direction to ceck for it. Meauivbile, I commend to all whom it may concorn, a rébuko ivhich Avas lung ago administeted to certaai intolerant teachers under s imp not dissimilar circumstances, as recorded in Luke ix., 40,50. I regret to say that I am still unable to see ' that the existing -musical societies of Sydney, whether of long standing or recently established, aro in a position to sup malourV vierto-oratorio., c inmias ' ,^*° 0t P'^oing he. choraexers, in a manaor to com naiidLlTSCa~0Í ü>° groa mast to attam the end wh Mi T « Ppmt oE lll<s ¡ public, nnu\ncher8 of «inste d«h8l,t¿s^:ui**e. "-n con ¡ scii'iitioiis t.>ffhc people. Tlmt hT"" 0V,lt'0n uf 'ho iu"si,.alt,stoi',io deter mo, ù3"n I?"'5' ^"etlon, I see no reason ' the w, rd. nlthou"h a ,£f"!*' ,in «w broadest sensooVering in :tho the*, mt'7/e1"s,.,tM» musi I emu. iromnirtPv\\-i,idicotcdinw"lÄoftrl1 lb "'^ bo houesr, I uni surn-" to lnvi.nl« ,, lcuor. 1 have t.c.pa.s^-.foiXWVnH ^UaMi ^«> Ihn! 1 must,,'ave vouVy retened t -nqttoto« "» Rheins,,,,, from lho Mime nu.hoti .TB L ,,,, T, "'-V formÓ1' loll« bntthPPx.ract ,B SO coikadlill Z't I^ wi'l'i °f 'h° I1T'*5 alluded to by your torrespoU'hc mo -,.,,, , V<¡,U\u.e tü « quest its insertion li io: K L, fYm Ut ."' w,'ick Mr. Cm-won is the ,l,cnd waa at" "dît,,,,.M,i? »ng-stock of nmsici ins anti uovvBpnpor critics, W,¡"? J doU8 Wliy not only without nuv pr.weiful or inlhii",7,! rouage, but in the t .('th of tht'kp. nest opposition anti," ' .'ln n '''"".' «>at would luve ben mm .ssiblo had l'. ¡s -vs {"' not bcon founded up-m nu ii . introverliblo bas . Jt 's in tho Nation ii behool-, nnu among tho middlo V?»08' ,!!nt 'ho Sol-la movement hus tnken linnest hold, nnd' u .Y"'8 tuilt has given it tho nntion.,1 impoilance which1.; ltMU,j' posstsscs. Ov,r t/,ree Imndnd fliouwnd pun? P,s<< tnrougli So -fa classes every year, and of those it inT "'» saloly sud that but a very sinnll portion vio1,4 otbeiwise have had any musical education eba PV7' .^"'"''"Çnso mass of music, including HR."|"|-, and Mendelssohn's ointorios, and, in fact ! the standard choral works, mo now publish d m .1 Curwen s n. tvtion, and there is nlso nSol-fa inusicni ma., ' anio i-siicd lortnightly. Tho si Mem has b-en ndonVi exelusively by tholrovpuiments ot New South Walesa,,! Viet,na, and also by the school Board of London It » almost um ve r. ally adopted in Wales, and in Scotland seems to havo icceivud the preferT, o from most ot tho BonidS thnt have interested themselves in music at nil." ' ' 1 am, Sir, yours to'.. JAMES C. FISHER. Slst July. 