.CHRISTIAN FREE THOUGHT LECTURES. '-' On Sunday afternoon, 29th . August, the Kev. Dr.'Barry delivered the fourth of his series of "Christian free-thought lectures in the Victoria Theatre.' The reverend lecturer replied to seveVal ques tions which had been sent by post, and pro ceeded! to answer ' the charge of " spiritualising away the meaning of words." , .;f 'Some -persons imagine it is not fair to' take any passage in the Scriptures except literally. Now; if you take up any book whatever (even though it should not be a book written 4000 years ago, in tbo Oriental tongue, and for Oriental people), I fancy you would make rub bish of it if you were to persist in taking every word' literally. The rule for interpretation is really this. Just put yourself in the position of the persons in whose ears the story was told, and endeavour to find out what they would' un- 'derstand, and what they were intended to understand by the words that wore used. It is not literally, but naturally, that you must .en deavour to interpret every word. I have taken these words " six days," for the sake of truth ; to , find out what the Scriptures mean. I have shown very clearly (to my own mind at least), that' the " days " in Genesis i. were intended to represent longer intervals of time than twenty- four hours. ' I showed that in the third day the plants' must have had time to grow up, the earth 'have had titne todry, andtheplantstobfirigforth fruits and seeds, therefore, a very large interval must ; have been needed. But spiritualising away is quite a different thing. We explain the word according to the best - judgment ' we can form of the meaning of the person who wrote, and we take the natural meaning, not always or necessarily the literal one. ' But the passage itself, in its connection with the context must decide as to which sense literal or figurative we 'must put ; upon it. -There is another demand which has been' made upon me, which is, I ;thirik, rather too severe. It refers to the expla nation I have given of the state of man, and the little glimpse I have given of his fall. " It seems it is not satisfactory to show that wherever— so far as the earth has been ransacked — any por tion of primeval man has been found, or - fossil remains discovered, all have shown him to have been about the same, as he is at present and the presumption would be that his physical state has not materially changed. This seems to iny objector to cut off all idea of a fall. If there was a fall he says, I should be bound to find the fossil remains of man before the fall, and man after the fall, to compare with man of the pre sent day, and to show his previous superiority. And considering there have only been a 'very few fossil remains of man discovered, and those only (very "small portions of his skeleton, I think it - is rather hard to ask me to find the fossil reinains of the one man that existed before the fall. If I were to find the fossil remains of Adam, very likely I should find it similar to the fossil remains of the last man we have buried in tbe cemetery ; and neither science nor Scrip ture gives us any light on the subject. I touch -to-day upon "the tempter, the fall, and the atonement." It is not expected that I shall enter into each of these points just as I would enter into it in a sermon, because I would require several distinct lectures, especially upon the third, the atonement. Many. objectors, and es pecially the lecturers that are so frequently dis playing their power of speech in this city, are particularly fond of touching upon these very points, especially the first of them. We have here: (Genesis i. and ii.) the plain statement in the Scripture. It is naturally a very succinct narration of what really happened. Here it is all compressed into a very few phrases. There is man declared to be made after the likeness of God, in His image, that is having an intellect, and being conscious of right and wrong, and of his obligation to God. He is placed — naturally enough — in a garden, the garden of Eden. It may indeed appear to be exceedingly absurd, when men will only look upon this matter in the light of our modern views, that man should have been placed in a garden, instead of being sent out into the battle of life as men are sent out now. But I ask you to consider the position in which the race must have been when only one pair was created. You know we are not. in the position of other animals. You send a pair of lions or tigers out and if there be food for them in the forest, they will find it themselves immediately. But you know, the history of our own race, from infancy, gives us the knowledge of what it must have been for man himself when he was placed on earth. You talk of the struggle for existence, the improvement of species of animals, by natural selection and the survival of the fittest, &c.; Because of this struggle for existence the strongest maintain their ground. Here is man, the strongest of all. What would he do in the struggle for existence against the lower creation ? If one pair, a man and woman, were placed alone on the face of the earth, without any experience of past gener ations to guide them, without weapons, and perhaps in that simple state, which is indicated in the story, which now is continually harped upon by objectors, who speak of them as little more than savages. . Certainly, little more than savages in the matter of their being unde veloped and inexperienced. A man may be per fectly pure, single-minded, and above all things understand his obedience to God as a necessary thing, aud yet, at the same time, perfectly weak as far as his capacity- for waging war with the elements and tho beasts below him. I think .with all our advantages how, a man and woman placed alone in the midst of , a waste howling, ; wilderness, having there to fight with the lions, 1 Ijfcigers;, jackals, and the rest of them, and with -the . still more formidable forces of the barren i forest, I am afraid, they would succumb — the / greater tii. the lesser— -the man after God's own 'jimage:. would be soon obliterated, so far as his , physical frame :is concerned, and? the future t generations of mankind would scarcely have re plenished the earth and subdued it. And, therefore, I. don't know how man could have .continued at all, unless he were at first artificially j guarded ; nnd placed. And I think the most Inatural place for him so to be guarded is just i such . a place as is here described— a garden \ where .everything; was ready- at his hand, for' tfood and for pleasantness, and ipto which the breath of sin had not yet entered. That may be contrary to the opinion of many, but I do not see any objection to it, for which we should -be called upon to give up our Bibles, which .have/Been such comforts . to us all our lives. There . must be some strong reason before we: ' give up this religion of many, 'centuries, which has j aawsueu but; Hvroiigesij luujiiouLS uuu urigmtjutiu. the lowliest lotB in life. Then we come to that . which . excited the ridicule (I think, more than; .all else) of our friends the unbelievers — the v tempter. The tempter is described here as L Satan speaking through the serpent, and we , have fin the curse to the serpent, "upon thy belly, shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all ,'the daysof thy life." Now, it is exceedingly v easy to make fun of all this, to turn it all into ridicule. How did he go before, say they. I dare say some past ages of our believers have given rather a handle to unbelievers in the way , they have treated these subjects, and I am sorry ; to confess some of the old commentators indulge their fancies in such a way as to invite the ridi- . culeof the infidels. But I go to my Bible, and , I do not see anything about what he was before, , or anything to assure me of any change in him. . I see here when the devil is spoken of, I must . take it for granted there was an evil spirit tempting Eve, and I Bay it was perfectly natural supposing there was an evn spirit allowed to tempt her, he would take the form r of an animal so attractive as the serpent. In .-eastern . climes some of them are remarkably c beautiful, some of them winged serpents, and ./possessing great fascination for birds and other animals. So there seems to be nothing very j atrange in his choosing that way of tempting her, speaking in the appearance of aserpent, or making /.her believe the serpent even spoke to her. As . to " dust shalt thou eat, and upon thy belly shalt thou go," there is no reason that he ever went on all fours. In fact, we have . several passages in Scripture in which this kind . of language is used simply to denounce a state of degradation inflicted upon the person of which it is predicated. In irsalm xiiv. 25 , "oursoulis bowed down: our belly cleaveth . to the earth — it was never supposed that any change Of structure had passed on them. Again, "Thy nobles shall dwell in the dust." In the xxii. Psalm '"Thou hast brought me to . the dust of death." In Psalm lxxii. 7 concern: ing the Messiah, " His enemies shall lick the dust." So that these passages in the Oriental account four thousand years ago are evidently used in this same sense. The serpent is chosen \- as being attractive, and Satan is the tempter in the person of the serpent. . But, I think Satan himself is the one that seems to form the , largest portion of the hilarity of these lectures. . "We have this lecturer here speaking of him as . " Lucifer," and talking of the Church dreaming of Lucifer, the great tempter having fallen from . heaven, having had war with Michael and his angels, and being cast down after a terrible . campaign in neaven. in ow is all tnat in toe Bible? , First of all we take "Lucifer," and find there is no such .name; given; to Satan in .the: Bible. It is simply an ..old wives'; fable: .' . Why it should be predicated of the Bible, .or . Christianity, or any religion whatever I, really . do not know. "Lucifer" is inuls. xivi.used with reference to the splendour of the: empire of Babylon, , and nowhere else. But I' have, come . to .this conclusion that lecturers such as ; we have had amongst us undertake to take - up .-some. point in which . they . have -adarge > margin . -for; mere raillery without the /slightest idea . whether what ; they say is : true or , not. For - instance, after speaking, of ; Lucifer,. the/war in heaven, and God condescending to: go ; to, war . with Lucifer and his angels- and casting tbeni down from heaven, and so ;on.: . There is not a / word in, the Bible of- /-all that.' That is simply -<::theoCoihage of man's own brain/ or taking of ;v;Milton's poetic idea in the- Paradise Lost; .We ;;,Jiave in the Revelation, whenSt. John is.speak- ,/ ing. .of! things: yet future he say si .''There was . war; in heaven,. Michael and , his angels fought -.-against the dragon and his'angels.vV.-But/toab- ; simply, speaks , about something. that;.was/.yot to come. to pass; on. earth picturedhyicthings.that .- were . shown before'uhim i, asi i hieroglyphs ' in ; heaven,, but as :to. literal wir. in heaven, (between- iMichael.aud his angels andiLucifcr<or:Sataniit ; is.a dream of;the.poet jlhut -the' Scriptures are ,.by,np meansiiresponsiblefor ' it; / -The 'first ,, gentlemani.whoj ledtured- here on the;! impos- a sibility.of an.evil-spirit was, himself a spiritist I -believe and' it .seems .too mo avery.extraor- dinary contradiction, for a .man whohelieves.- iu v spiritisih- that) is,-.'/ iujiithCf. communication:. of . ; spiritsnn,: the, o'theivworld , with1 us herc-r-to deny toevpossibilityj of, an:tqvihspirit: I have seen il somel explanaiionsr.in pamphlets, by ith'e 'same ,;:gentleman,r in/which hei- accountsforsome bfrtoe i:weak.andjoolish;things;these spirits have: Baidi .fwby thej:fact (?),thatithese spirits ; are /mot /much t : advanced above the position <. to .which, they.had , attained a in this , life,, and if,: they.; were /foolish .'here, lit islikqly: they would speak very foolishljf after: they- had left this! ;earth,- when they were communicating through a medium at a sdance ' jrl am inot going to rail against spiritism,' but ! ' Idoysayr it is perfectly inconsistent for a man -?>who,;advandes .this: system and believes there harejiSpirits : weak : and foolish (and therefore spirits sinful likewise), and that they can com-; i/munibate with us, to laugh at the idea of an; . evil spirit to tempt us. Are there not plenty/ -of -wicked tempters among us? How is it -possible there can be tempters and not spirits ? uthy.ivan you - layj. down the -law and say there are.epirits of men that are tempters, hut there can-be no other spirits but the spirits of men in the j Whole universeof God. When you have fathomed the.uniyerse anhfound out, it will be time .enough: tojdayodown such a law as that. Oh ! but you cannot think it possible that such a spirit should talk through a serpent. And yet I am told of spirits Speaking through tableB.! As to some of the evil spirits we read (and that is a point of great raillery) in the New Testament, , they were tormentors of men, and spmethrieq having been driven into a herd of swine. Inex tinguishable laughter rises among the gods; when this is mentioned by themselves in a peculiar tone of voice.. Well, why is it a bit; more ridiculous than that they should: be driven into chairs, or the top1 of a table ? Surely if I: believe the one it is not very difficult for me to believe the other. The fact of the matter is, , that neither is ridiculous. If there be anything in spiritism, in the communication of spirits with us through these articles of furniture, I think it is a very, unwise thing indeed for the: scientific men of the day not to give a little; more of their time to the investigation of these- phenomena. I should be the last person in the world to denounce Bniritism without havincr in- vestigated it ; but I do say, the man who believes in spiritism cannot with any consistency object to the existence of evil spirits. Then they conjure to themselves, up from the dark ages, some stories of the old women, instead of the stories that are told of him in the Scrip tures of God, which merely make him a spiritual being— a spirit of evil, more subtle than man, but infinitely weaker than God.; Then the only objection which I can see which is not easily accounted for in that way is this,: which has been sent to me. Here is God Almighty. He allows, you say, the tempter, a powerful spirit, to come in and interfere with his own designs, and with the happiness of mankind ; and this does not tally with our ideas of the love of God to man. There is something more rational in tnat. objection, 1 admit. But what is it after all, but the old question which none of us, under any theory, can solve ? The origin of evil. The only standpoint which is free from that objection is Atheism. / Upon this principle there can bo no further question. Then there is no God to charge with folly. Every thing came by chance. The people, like the animals in the lower world, are to eat each other up to the end of the chapter ; and we are never to look forward for an amelioration of these things, as we have given to us in our promises in Scripture. But once you give up the atheistic principle, and believe in a personal God, then at once this problem is equally insoluble, under any supposition— How is it that evil began to originate ? It not only applies to the existence of the evil spirit, it applies equally to the exist ence- of evil among men.. How is it you can reconcile the beginning of evil at all, and its permission, with the existence of God, who rules over all with absolute power to do as He pleases, and yet evil is ? I think we may leave that question aside. It is the same, whether we try and account for it under the supposition of an evil spirit disembodied, or multitudes of theni in bodies. So far as we can. see, in tho creation of a moral being, such as man is, it was morally necessary he should have a free will, and therefore the power of - committing sin. If he; were hound up' ak/.inka vice, that is, the vice of God's a06ifee that he should not sin — if God exercised His omnipotence to prevent him sinning, He might , as well have made a statue. There would be no such thing as a moral being in the world. It was "the horse and mule who had no understanding whose mouth must be held with bit and bridle." Be ye not like them saith the Psalmist. It is because we are free that we are moral beings at all. It is by this very freedom, and the exer cise of the freedom over all that meets us in life; by tne overcoming of temptations, -by the bear ing patiently with submission and wisdom all that God has put upon us to bear ; it is by -labouring through this 1 world, whatsoever .diffij- \- culties approach us there/- and bVercoming. all in his strength; it is" by the -dependence: .'this forces upon us, ; it -is toe ; ' blessing / we ' get from God by appealing to Him- every day ,in all these difficulties, -it'is 'the 'contact between God and. man that is made to answer all in this moral trial. - -It is" that which makes lis stronger' and . fitted for the future and. better world and .the : filial consummation.;' ,-And if we bad been' kept .simply'-as babes, and -lay- thefe in. our cradles ';-and;'ikd;notlg'%hhver!t6 tempt us on either -band,' - nothing to 'try ; bin; 'resolution;' nothing/tp ; test ; our obedience, nothing to call forth,' our manhood, what sh ould . wo be - to-day ? ' , Just what I should have been 1 to-day if ' I had' been laidin a cradle, when/an infant, and 'co'ddled 'and surrounded . by an- artificial atmosphere of -care ever since— au bvergrowh bahy/ That'.is hot what God intended man to bd'l!- Therefore _ (although while- it wa's iie'cessary- He'liept him for a while within guards in the gai'den) He'put before him a moral .test; - ; /1A,,-ohildish-'one.; you nvill say ; whether -lie would take 'h/certaih.-for;- 1 bidden fruit or not. -' -What /else' was fit f; or. him 'in that » state 'of " development, - but. b! childish one ?-' Tf- you -take/ah undeveloped 'man; to-day, of the noblest type,. or oneof your'childreny.how :will you test his;6bediehce to /you ?; '/'How .will ' you test his faith in y oii ? his trust in' yo'u ? his reverence for:you ? ;:/lf you are 'ehdeavduriiig'to improve him:" yoix , will not /give him 'very ,im .tricate-' tests : you: will give'. him' simple ones. And -if it had been told in'e here God ;had put before Adam'such tests as 'He would pjitbefore Chalmers or Sir, Isaac New.tbh,1 or'/PattesOn,' I . would have laughed at" it as' evidently1 absiirdi But -the test he' hacl! was/simple! '!:_ It; was! a test of bis appe fcite. ! It wasa sufficieiit test// and he ' fell.1 And it is ''given ; t!o uS" as the, type /of all falls. -What' is'it ?;: 'Simply the /disobedience of man to tlie command of God: ; ''/Wbat:is;siu1'at any time ? //'"Thou.sh'alt n6,tconimit aclultery." "'-Thoii- shalt not steal/";/." Thou' shalt. 'not' kill, 'f "What is the nieanihg of1 these'?1 / ' Thou sh'alt 'not/commit'adultieryi";/ f;TiiKef(,te,an!?examplet ; We have 'a'/mankwho / will,' plead with' you and say—' 'God-' has !put .'certain; 'passions /into;,' my 'nature/ aiid:Hd'haS'declared everything/ Hehas made, behold-.it -is very good." "Are you; going to admit this passion is good, while denying hiiri the indulgence1 it.? : That::is' bhe , case' 'with ;all the passions of our nature ; they are goo'd// Bht what has God dono ? He has simply laid down a line, and He says, '.'Hitherto shalt thou go, and no further " I have given and prescribed the limits within which these passions are to he indulged ; pass over these limits, and you die ; and you sin, and sin is death. That is simply the: theology of - the Bible, which is the theology of God ; and, when you come to' think of it, the theology of all who believe there is a personal God to whom they are accountable. That is just what He did in .this case— placed a simple i limit, which was broken by a simple disobedr- j ence., Now, that lecturer of whom I, have; spoken seemed to have a particular dislike to the admission of a fall. It seems he objects to be called an, infidel, and says he should be called a Christian. I like people to call themselves by their right name. I do not like people bandy ing names ; but although I have avoided the word infidel with reference to the unbelievers, because they dislike it, I think it is very child ish that they should be so anxious to protect themselves against being called by that name, while notoriously unscrupulous in their epithets ; applied to Christians. By St. Paul the un believers were called "infidels." Ever since that, in all the books I have read, the word in-: nuei is uaeu to mean nnose . wno ao not ueneve. But if unbeliever will do, I am quite satisfied to use it.- But here is a gentleman who first of all informs his audience he is a Christian, and the whole of his lecture is to try and show that, although he throws overboard every special doc trine of Christianity by which it is distinguished; from other religions; yet he is to he held as not' an infidel, but a Christian. Why should per-| sons want to. be called Christians if they cast: off the tenets of Christianity. I know some of my friends will not call themselves Christians if they repudiate the name. I know that Renan did not ; I know that Newman did not ; and I know that none of the respectable writers against Christianity put on this flimsy veil. Let us view them in their real colours. He say3 "I want to go back to primitive Christianity.": He savs "The churches have not not the real doctrines of Christianity." And he goes back to the third century, to Tertullian, and picks out these two doctrines, the Fall and the. Atonement, and says, forsooth, "Tertullian1 never mentions these doctrines at all." I sup pose he calculated on the ignorance of the un fortunate people of Sydney, and the impossi bility of ascertaining what this writer hqd said. I. am certain he never looked at Tertullian in his life. I have much pleasure in showing you the book. (The Rev. lecturer produced the ponder ous tome, which was printed in the original Latin, in Paris, 260 years ago.) 1 have taken several extracts from it. This book contains a number of tractates against the heathen, the Jews, and several heretics, each of them com paratively short, hut the number making a very large volume. I will just give a few extracts/ As to the serpent tempting Eve, he says Speaking or tne cause and consequences or man s fall, that oar first parent, " manbeingseducedin- to disobedience by Satan, was deli veredover unto death ; and transmitted his condemnation to the whole human race, which was infected from his seed." — De Testimonio Animce c. 3; Again, in another tract — " Man is condemned to death by tasting of one little tree, and hence both sin and punishment come on him, and now all perish who know no way of Paradise." — Adv. Marcioner, L. i. c. 22: Now, you see, Tertullian, never mentioned the Fall ! Again, concerning the soul, he says "Every soul is numbered in Adam until it is numbered anew in Christ." It. was Tertullian's doctrines Mr. Bright wanted, to go hack to. I hope he will make a bold step towards reaching some of the .truths enunciated by him. . I think that is quite sufficient for the present/ only we may as well say, at the same time, that Mr. Bright also mentioned that Tertullian knew nothing about, the Atonement. Well, here is a passage about the Atonement from him. For Who but tne Son ot Uocl can by Jtiis own cleatli relieve others from death ? He indeed delivered the thief at the very moment of His passion, for He had come for this vSry. end, being Himself free from sin and perfectly, holy, /Hp might; dip for sinners:; - Ypu then -ho iniitate Christ in pardoning sins, if you are yourself sinless suffer .death for/Me.' But if you are yourself a sinnerj how can the oil out of your cruise suffice both for you . and ,Me."— De; Pudicitid "c. j 22: I may as well go pn.tb show ybu in what a very unworthy, way most/ of these solemn Subjects were' treated.; Very lightly, very .wantonly, . he goes on and tries' tp show, (endeavour ing to; ' wiii ,a'l(i!ugh;ag|ras)i ;-the' 'Qiiimtiim;' /iities/pSppie5 inj,the :-'a'.'.lelieyed.. I ' have/' no1; doubt, many people "in /our ' day's Jttbo; believe-m hpbgohli 'witphies; 1 M.hoc'rjeiius oinne; ;But'\yhrathas'|thak,(;o;"cjb\y the c Bible ? .//-'This ? i'ei'gibn1. is/in' ftheBiblb ; the ro ; ligmn, ptM;pe , N ew Testament ...is , in (therNour -Ttaient, ' ' wantecVtp seeifhereHyeyb. any.abicfcrihesthat . "were considered - part,' of 'ChristiphityV' a/fundiaf mental jirir fc of , .Christianity now,' ' !an <!_ bvere r not in the 'old primiti ve ' tinies, instead of gbin'g/.baclc tb Tertullian, a man should go hack still/furtherj tb;';ihe''iAptlj:;and thp Lp|rdHimself| Biit no, that will not :Suit"his hook'.' ,/He 'sppaks of ' ' persons/belieying in, ghosts, andij;\is,'-y' punishing people/'for ;+bein . perj-' soils,; perfectly/insane', 1iprmerelyp,erHapst.h ;Mt(."th.ieir//n<»gkut»/ beihg regardccl/as 'spreerers/"' '' Wkat'.has; with.',thp questibh? 'Wbid6n't more than our1 infidel1 heighbour., Herhpza);tls . thp ' idea/ that tho1' servants .. of/ Christ'; who helievea iii Christianity wPre aiways'less'mprali , it. appears, and, always .Ipss'/ohiighted; tli the ' persons';' wlio' disbelieved in.. theZ/doe'trines. of Christianity.;,' i; TkHotytidsi'. th.irprces;- . the/ Sir Isaac '.Now, toils, and the'Fafaclays,v - and ihb .Pattispns ' aucl' the j-!Fle.e"Nightiiiales| 'iSsb.', "of the world yoii' /see w.erp'ail in'iidels. -'Hbw tbey enlarge upon' thebeau tips, the/virtues, the '-lpry;>jb-€ieiriin.0fsons'whbit'''0i.e5': pick out, as "unbelievers, never at all' mentioning , .the in- nhmerabie/hibrde of ; men who have, lived holy, sanptifipd'/livos, and 'brouglit': rehef,.to.-,..many, a- Suffering -heart;, 'impelled .thereto: by, the,.power of Christianity yyithiiijpy' the "pbwer of those Cbristiah dogmas , eyeryday , of their lives ;. and the mighty inteUectp thathave Bubmitted to the faith of Christ. ; And who do. you think he picks ! fliui'/aa'. .bng'/a model of virtue? Of all other 'men m all, the past ages— Shelley. Oh, the pureness of his virtue, the philanthropy ! For he has Sighed his name in a book in S witzerland as a philanthrppist and atheist. I think it is the mere fact of .his calling himself an atheist that enlists the sympathies of this ''Christian !" He was refused "by the judge the guardianship of his own children because of his conduct in social life. That was mere persecution on thej part of the orthodox. Do you know what thej fife of Shelley was ? It was .very brief; and it was very bright, so far as his geniiiB was con cerned ; but it was very dark as far as his . . , .: : . ; - .. . ) ... ; .j . morals were concerned; I ';db hot wish to blacken his memory more than is necessary to redeem our own cause from these aspersions, so foul and untrue. He began life by marrying — after eloping with — one lady, who is des cribed by hiB biographer as worthy' of any man's love, devoted to him thoroughly, of per sonal attractions and all womanly graces,1 and capable, it is acknowledged, of satisfying and attracting any ordinary man. But Shelley, they say; was : exceptional — ordinary moral laws did not affect him ; and the extraordinary thing in his morals was, that leaving her with two or three children, he simply found another ; and then, after haying turned the former off, and driven her to the cold protection of the streets, where she sunk to the lowest state of misery and evil, he lived two years in sin with the second, on the despair ana suicide of the first, whom he married. The grandfather of his children, who had taken care of them all this time, after Shelley had deserted them, now denies the right of the father tb take those children from him, and contests an action at law, and: the judge properly decided for the grandfather. If he were a father in earnest, why did he pot take the children when they were infants, and, together with his wife, undertake the care of them? But no! This is virtue when .predicated of an atheist ; but it would be vice indeed if it were preaicasea oi a unnsaian. What shall, we say now of the Atonement? It was my intention to-day to have treated it as connected with the Fall, but the time does, not suffice. I shall take up the Atonement on next Sunday, if it please God. As to the Fall itself, what has it left ? It has left us simply this : that we feel ourselves — the whole human race feels itself — to be something less than it ought to be. It feels not only that if; is less than it ought to be in , the way of. an expectation of development into something greater, but some thing less than it ought to "be, with its present powers and according to its present standard, and the consciousness of that is simply the con sciousness of sin. Now here we have a lecturer telling us this fall was not felt, the doctrine of it was not acknowledged, and its effects felt in the earliest times. We go back to the Apostles and we find the Fall continually brought for ward by them as a reason for salvation — "You hath He quickened, who were dead in taespasses and' in sins." Again and again we find the same spiritual death is predicated of man. And yet we -have a man saying, " Down so late as Tertullian, the doctrine was never known." Surely the. Apostles wrote earlier than Tertul lian. And we can go.. back earlier than them. What did the Lord say concerning Himself, and mean? "I am come to seek and to save that which was lost." "Thou shalt call His name JesUs, for He shall save His people from their sins." And yet you see we must go back to " primitive Christianity " to have an idea of the Fall. Where are we to find an account of this primitive Christianity ? Mou will find, Ithink, that if it is plain enough — the Fall—to ourselves as well as in the doctrines of Christianity, the doctrine of the Atonement will he still more plainly brought out. It.is a doctrine that seems to have been at, the basis of the whole of Chris tianity, and if it were removed from, it I should rrive un everv tiatro of the Scribtures. and I should not care how soon the mountains and rocks fell on me and hid for ever the world from my view. , Upon the fall I scarcely think men need argument, for they must be conscious of it themselves. And as to the atonement, if it be objected that men are thereby made . res ponsible for their belief or unbelief, I am. not going to condemn anyone. But I do say this : That most men amongst to-day— so far., as my experience goes— are responsible for. their belief. I know very well that all men. are to he judged by God with, perfect, impartiality. , , I am williug to leave every man to. that ; judgement. I condemn none. The ministry God has put .into my, hands is the ministry, of reconciliation through that atonement of which we .are; to \- speak. ; ,Biit .1. am conscious of . this : .that i men .arej .continually . objecting to (these ; '.doctrines >yithout having examippd.them./J.sep/it lnjjiheir books. They mis/state the.'thing, first .and; then oppose- it., I, see thev enter into/this controversy, not with the intention of maintaining, the .truth ppncerningi ;it, but to , maintain the; doctrine or objection already laid down in their own, mind, ,And . many/come to ,thej discussion . of - these sab- 4eik.deiini6pn'iiiqt to;belipve,: if ; .they fiaye.Ml .the, evidence ia thp./worid,: , presented !iprjaCKEeptanqe..jI .dof'n6-/-8y;(l£atj isythecase with .every one,;,. I seeit, in/spf manyf of7tlieir bodies, and hear it in so many of "their <conypr- -patio.ns and lpttera;that,I can.(be;/in_1np, doubt it is the case; with many./;:A.nd thePpnieu will not ,'eiSL r,evi<£ence, " bru'bvj'yvili rlike ,yvrito;Va .critique .upph', (.without .haying;,, aj /iri-; ?Liis /,,. ,possassipxi. ".Or, they ;Wiil , object .to. . old . wives', fabies, thinking, or belieyingor ptotend/ing;Hieyparp..m Bible, trouble to enquire.;. rTben, I .say,, they are responsible leave jthem; in ;that rpqhfys/to7@P% /hlio.J udgp.of . all; before ; whose .throne , you, .andl jl, and,/ they shalli stand, j; AiidI;am perfectly sure that He, .lcnpwiiig the hear.ts,,yyill direcij.andjudge rightly .and(i';peeptvjustipe,/and.'/shabe.'an , ackno.wlpdgenjent \of tliat; 'j ustice/by, , toe 'whole uni verse before the judgment is/ endcd. /'lHeyvill ' never . condemnj ,pny mau to, j everlasting misery, or even to partial misery, fpr /anhiypl'untary evil., , I-ani certain, t, of,- what £jt. Paul tolls , me, '.that he/ithat sins without/ law," shalir, perish without law, " ;aqd that j f ', he jvlio' . jabey s jwitliput (lawis/ hall, equally, .liaye 'the fayour-'of God Syith- outlaw." Those who have not the lawlof . the .Gospelshall be ..judged, by another, .law.in/their minds. St. Paul iSj.no .the case.with any. here. , ...Theyjhaye'jtoh/Gbspel. They have the, law. It is .soundedVih, their ears from their infancy. If they first disregard it, and then determine to disbelieve it; against the plain evidence, they could have had (if .they have not), by simply attending,; and enquiring, and reading upon it, there is no heedr paid to their own judgment. . A collection was taken up at the doors to de fray expenses of the lecture, which was 'atten tively listened to, with an individual exception, who made his company unpleasant th those neiar. "him,. by exclamatory' remarks;' such as— :i,ybu know nothing about it," "I know Ml about it," &c.; After inspecting the writings" of Tertullian the audience quietly dispersed. 