THE ESSAYIST. ON AUTHORITY AND COMMON SENSE. ' I wonu- like very much to know \rtio ' oar fathers ' arc to -whom there have been to many allusions daring the discussion. If reference is made to those respectable gentlemen in bob-wigs ?who used to sit here last century, and if it is assumed that every thing they did then is to regulate us now, let that be plainly auerted. 6ome of these men, doubtless, did much good in their day, and some of them did very little. But to say that we are to ke ruled toy all that they did -would be just as absurd as if in the year 3000 all projrrew was to be stopped by some earnest men quoting the opinions of the ' fathers' of this generation. I should tavmiilo «t wiTWjf ttuidinir nn tna/ldmw this TTnnw- if there were a prospect of my acting as an incubus— an actual ghost— for all generations, and to be called a ' father.' I take no such respon sibility on myself. All I wishis to help the present as oar fathers htlped our past, and as I hope our grandchildren will help our future. Let us have no appeals to the fathers, but look at the question in the light of common sense.' — Dr. Nobman Macleod. The above deliverance of the universally known and esteemed minister of the Barony Church was made before the General Assembly of the National Church «f Scot and, in 1865, during the debate on certain in novations which Dr. Robert Lee and his kirk-session had introduced into the services which they controlled. These innovations consisted of an organ and a liturgy. Great was the wrath of those who held by the hard and fast doctrine that the thing which hath been is the thing which shall be now and evermore, world with out end. Dr. Macleod made a sturdy defence on behalf of Dr. Lee, the pith and point of whieh may be found in the quotation at the head of this column. The intelligent reader will not fail to notice that it exactly and mas tet fully touches a distinct weakness of 'human nature. If, on the one hand, there are bold, reckless spirits whose tendency is to break away utterly and unreasonably from past ages and parent institutions, there are, on the other hand, timid, narrow- minded, conservatively-prejudiced natures, to whom all freshness of thought and action, and even of speech, is abhorrent. With such temperamental antagonisms in human nature, there must be a good deal of conflict in human society. Wise men aim at the golden mean. Willingly, humbly, and reverently they listen to the teachings of past ages, and study the constitution of parent institutions ; but they also walk in the light of their own common sense, and diligently adapt their conduct to the special character of their* own circumstances. Nobody ivho knows anything of the personal history of Dr. Macleod can doubt that the stirring and noble history of his nation and Church kindled his fervent admiration and powerfully impressed his strong character ; in the best cense of the word he was loyal to Scotland's past ; but he never forgot that he was as truly a man as were any of the ' fathers,' or that he was responsible for his own powers and oppor tunities, and therefore he vigorously used his common sense, even though he had to traverse some of the ©pinions and practices of other days. Is not that a healthy and imitable principle of conduct ? Probably there jb not a man living who would plainly assert that the ' gentlemen in bob-wigs ' who transacted the world's business in the last century should regu late everything we do now ; but the world is plenti fully sprinkled with men who, while they would sarmk from enunciating such a sweeping principle as that, try to block all independence and progress in detail by precedents drawn from past ages or parent institutions. You may show most conclusively that the thing should be done here and now; but that avails nothing with your opponent. He does not attack your argument, he only rejoins that your grand father either did not do the same thing, or did some thing very different ; and that simple statement, irra tional and exasperating as it is, often leads the majority Srhen the vote is taken. So does mere authority ride -sv«gl»W-A «t«k * vumoion ' Bense. *Ehens - is eJ.wra.ya a. manly pleasure in a contest of pure argument ; but it is hard to refrain from contempt when the most solid reasons are counted as nothing in the unsubstantial presence of past or distant opinions and practices. How much of mere authority is quoted in the con flicts of politics ! History is crowded with incidents in which kings and parliaments preferred precedents to common sense. Of course it is not denied that precedents are often the very pith of political wisdom, and that then it is as honourable as it is safe to follow them ; but some were blunders from the beginning, and to follow them now is to perpetrate barefaced folly ; while others were only suited to the circum stances and temper of their own age. The ' respect able old gentlemen in bob- wigs ' who managed things in past centuries were, like ourselves, a mixed party. ' Some of them,' as the Queen's chaplain put it, ?' didmuch goodin their day, and some of them did very little.' TbVbestof them would have dreaded the 'pro- spect of acting as an incubus — an actual ghost— for all generations.' They used their lights and would expect us to use ours. Such have been the politics of the past, even in our own highly-civilized nation, that precedents could be cited to cover almost any political t mischief, villainy, or absurdity that might be brought forward. And yet in the House of Commons — proudly distinguished as the highest deliberative .assembly in the world— an immense deal of empty ^ precedent is quoted in the. dearth of substantial argu- * ment. There shall be nothing new under the sun if -we can help it is the conservative motto ; and thus the most valuable reforms must dispute the^r way inch by inch. In- -ihe colonial parliaments appeals' are not only mad£to ?English history, but also to the ctmtepopbrary doings.and sayings of the British Par ' liameht. ' It 'may be -willingly admitted that many of these appeals are wisely made, 'but others of them are mere invocations to authority, only made through lack fcf anything better, and ' are made pi the Interests of parties rather than in those of the people. Nowhere, perhaps, does authority go for so much, and. common sense go for so little, as in ecclesiastical ? politics.. We do not; mean that there is but little common sense in Conferences, Synods, and Assem iiliea ; ,iu£ , that when there is a collision between what,. the 'fathers' said or did, or what, the another Church said or did, and the voice of common sense, the latter is very frequently silenced. We do not refer to theology. It is held by many schools of ' religious thought that doctrine was fixed once for all in the beginning, and that we have only to accept it \- as it has been handed down to us. On the other hand, other schools maintain that doctrine is as legiti ' mate a subject of discussion and investigation to-day as it ever wes ; but this is a quarrel we pass by : what we pause upon is not the doctrine, but the politics of ecclesiastic bodies. Anybody who has sat in the deliberative assemblies of the Churches will perfectly understand the extract at the head of this article. To alter a rubric, or to icake any change which would infringe the practice of the past or the parent Church, is, in the estimation of many good men, the rankest heresy. Only the other day,' for instance, in the General Synod which has been sitting in Sydney, an archdeacon brought forward a motion for the shortening of ser vices in thinly-populated districts where clergymen have to ride many miles and hold several services. It .; was opposed earnestly as ' a fearful stfep, tending to . separate us from the mother Church.' The President declined to put it, because it contravened that famous old statute, the Act of Uniformity— which, however, a correspondent to the Press has shown does not apply, to .the colonies— and added that the motion commended itself to him so much that he would re jfcbmmehd the mover to draw up a petition on the sub ject and send it to the Lambeth Conference] of 1878 ! It was a simple little matter, dictated by common sense; and though no one replied to the arguments of the mover, and the President admitted its desirability, yet it was dismissed on grounds of mere authority. This is a fair sample of what goes on, more or less, in every ecclesiastical par liament. The 'fathers' and paternal conferences, synods, assemblies, and councils are quoted till the air is so thick with ghostly and infallible authorities as to stifle independence of thought and action. _ The same weakness is palpable in other spheres of life. In the administration of common law the fol lowing of authority and precedent grew to such an enormous evil that the Equity courts had to be created as a corrective. And even now in our own higher courts the Judge has sometimes to follow precedent because it is law, even thqugh he frankly confesses it is at extremes with common sense and common conscience. Again, society is full of absurdities which are based on authority, but dia metrically opposed to common sense. The reader can easily remind himself of social habits and customs of this kind. But, without multiplying illustrations further, we may conclude with an expression of regret that authority should be permitted to crush common sense so frequently as it does in these new communities. It i6 exceedingly difficult to eradicate the faults of an old society. But in building up an Australian nation it is possible to avoid evils. It' we will look at questions in the light of common sense, and venture to be independent in action, we may com bine that with a due respect for what is thought, said, or done in older countries, and for the wisdom of other generations. LOCUTOR. 