Mii^il7iB The Lingards' season at tho Theatre Royal came to an unexpected if not abrupt termina tion on Friday night laBt. Their engage ment artistically and pecuniarily was deser vedly -successful, and that they could not prolong their stay for the present in Mel bourne muat be a source of regret to all play goers. The pieces in which they appeared only whetted the ai-petites of their patrons, and the disappointment was general upon finding that any circumstances should have prevented Mr. Lingard and Miss Alice Dunning from affording the people of Mel bourne a more extensive acquaintance with their respective repertoires. The produc tions of Gilbert, of Robertson and Byron have engendered a taato for polite comedy in all educated communities, and the best exponents of such pieces will always receive an enthusiastic welcome at the hands of a Mel bourne audience. It is gratifying, however, to learn that these artistC3 will re- visit Mel bourne at no distant date, and that there is every probability of some of the very best pieces of the dramatists alluded to :being produced in a style seldom before witnessed in Melbourne. Mr. Henry Talbot, after an absence of six years from the colony, appeared on Saturday evening last in Hamlet, supported by Misa Carey in tho part of Ophelia, the other characters being distributed amongst the 3mombcr3 of tho stock company. Any Shak spearian revival should receive consideration at the hands of those whose duty it may be to comment; upon such performances. Of all species of entertainments they must be con sidered- the most intellectual and the most educational, however indifferently rendered. The difficulty of producing Shakspearo eo as to suit the critical taste of a reading pub lic has always been felt by managers, and hence the great dramatist's works are said to ^pell bankruptcy. Tho few living actors who ican at all realise the sublime creations of Shakspeare upon tho stage may be enume rated upon tho fingers, and as most play goers have a standard of their own it is no light task for any ordinary artist to essay so serious an uudertaking. By many Mr. TaUjot'a impersonation of Hamlet would be regarded as scarcely deserving of any elaborate critical analysis ; but it would bo unfair to all parties coucerued to dispose of thjattnatter in so cavalior a manner. It de serves some notice, such as should bo ac corded to the offort3 of a careful and . fairly caprible actor. What strikes an and knee moat on witnessing Mr. Tnlbot's Hamlet is thb^lear index which it gives of tho actor/a calibre. It was a performance that might be looked for at the hands of one of soruo thing more than mere average ability. True, it did not leave a innrked impre33ion behind, and the more exigeaut would decliax}, to see it a second time. iMr. 'Talbot liaV'tfdti im proved during his absence from the 'colonies to the extent that might havo been antici pated. He seems to have studied in a bad school, one in which artificiality is inado to do duty for nature, and in which copies, not originals, principally engage the attention of tho students. Hi3 figure and. nge are well adapted for the part of the Prince, and increase hi3 natural advantages in this reapect. As a star he is of minor magnitude, and those who have had the distinguished privilege of beholding tho Hamlet respec tively of Fechter, Pholps and Montgomery could not but sympathise with the exclama tion of Ophelia, 'Oh! that I should have lived to see what I have seen, see what I see,' Mr. Talbot ia defective in his mode of elocution, and his voice doea nob possess that power of imparting sympathy, of expressing pathos by its cadence, or passion - by its power — qualities without which no orator or actor can ever hope for unequivocal success with the public. With the business of the part he is evidently conversant, and this frequently enables him to pull through where another mu3t inevitably come to grief. Kevprtheles3, he ranta somewhat, where it is unnecessary, and is too tame where, a little rant would pass for some thing better. He endeavors through out to speak with elegance, and thi3 has led him into what seems an effort at mock gentility. In parts he half intones the text, when what ia called the parsonic drawl becomes quite painful to listen to. The soliloquies were, to a great extent, 'mur- dered,' owing to thi3 peculiarity, which amounts to an absolute mannerism. Where action wa3 required Mr. Talbot occasionally made a point ; as, for instance, where he bids the hapless Ophelia to 'get thee to a nunnery ; ' but, as a rule, he ia stiff, me chanical and stagy. His conception of the? character ia of the conventional stamp, but we believe if he were a'sked the question, ' Was Hamlet mad ? ' he would think for a moment, and Bay, 'Well, he waa and he wasn't.' His impersonation does not carry conviction on the subject to the minda of an audience. Tho perform ance a3 a whole lacks that breadth and dis tinctness of outline which the student of Shakspeare looks for ; that grandeur, in tensity and philosophical sublimity which only the most gifted actor can at all inter pret, and which lias rendered this creation of Shakspeare imperishable while the English language is spoken. Mr. Talbot, boweve:?, may do better in other characters. For our part we wish him better fortune ia the next that he undertakes. Mis3 Carey's Ophelia was ' not devoid of merit. She carefully refrained from indulging in the hysteric mode' of do? picting grief, and deserved all1' the applause1 that she received. The caafc otherwise wa9 very indifferent. Mr. Harwood would have iuude an infinitely better ghost than Mr. Dampier. Mr. Stuart O'Brien would have materially assisted in the part of Polonius, which was not effective in the hands of Mr. Harwood. Mr. Dampier would have done better a3 the King, in which Mr. Appleton seemed very uncomfortable. Any one would have done better than Mr. Gladstone as Horatio, who seems to think himself Hamlet's bodyman, rather than his most intimate friend. Mrs. Bryer did her utmost to fulfil the exigencies of the part of the Queen, but she was far from being up to the mark. The piece waa very well mounted, and the scenery was admirable. It is gratifying to be able to announce that Hamlet has drawn good houses during the week. This (Saturday) afternoon a performance will be given at the Royal for the benefit of the funds of the Dra matic Association, in which the Lingards, Mr. Coppin, Mr. Talbot and a host of talent will assist. After eleven weeks of a very successful ran, Fritz will thi3 evening be withdrawn from the boards of the Opera House. Mis3 Melville and the English Opera Company are expected to appear next, prior to this lady bidding a linal farewell to the colonies. ? At St. George's Hall the entertainment of English artists continues to draw very fair houses, while at the Apollo Hall the U. S. Minstrels have nothing to complain of as regards business. The painting of the act-drop and stock of scenery generally for the new Academy of Music ha3 been entrusted to Mr. Harry Griat, who has also furnished elegant designs for the ceiling and pro3ceniuin. Mr. Grist's talent as an artist will no doubt find ample scope in this new direction. . . An amateur concert was held on Monday in Toorak Hall iu aid of a reading room and library which have lately been established in that suburb, by a committees aiming at affording suitable mean3 for the purposes of recreation and mental culture . to the young men aud women residing in the district. The small hall was filled to overflowing, with au audience, which comprised tho elite of tho neighborhood. The programme comprised, entertainment of nearly every musical kind — piano solo aud duet, . quintette party, part songs, both for male and wised 'voices,, -and, choruses, vocal solo3 and., duets, ; supported not only by moderately ablo sjmateurs, ;butfiy some of the musical profession. It' will be sufficient to mention the names of those in both classes. Mr. L. L. .Lewis and Mies Bromby , Mrs. and Mia3 Mitchell, Me3sr3. Edward King, JohnBon, Ryder, . Tate and Bromby (quintette party), and the choir- of St. John's, Toorak. Somo gentlemen also gave vocal numbers of greater or less excellence.. Dr. Bromby made a very short address, and the Rev. Mr. Macdonald one, also short, but full of humor ous dissertation on tho truism that enjoy, ment is natural to all, and that if sensible means of recreation be not provided for young people, they will most certaiuly pro vide themselves with it of some quality or other, but almost certainly in a bad way, or of an inferior quality. . Mrs. L. L. Lewis's readings from Tennyson's May Queen and Euoch Arden wore the gems of the evening. Sno had tho sympathy aiid Bilence of the otherwise none too quiet audience with her from first to last, and this attention wa3 well rewarded. Thoperformance closed with God Save the Queen, sung by tho full strength of tho company. Another con cert will be givoa shortly, when two new cantatas will be. given, viz.i The Rose of Salency and The Gipsie3. ; The Rev. Charles Clark continues to lec: tjte' every evening in the principal towns of Mictoria, and his farewell appearances in Melbourne are fixed for Saturday and Mon day next. Tho lecture on Thackeray, wliich has been given with great success in Adelaide, Ballarat, Sandhurst, &c;, ha3 been, reserved for the Melbourne and Sydney fare., well ; and, judging from the managerial an nouncement, Mr. Clark deala with all tho principal topics arising out of the life and labors of tho author of tho Newcoine3. . The legitimate drama in Sydney, no lesa than hi Melbourne, seems to suit the public taste. We learn from 'Figaro,' of the Town and Country, that at the Theatre- Royal, Sheridan's brilliant comedy, The School for Scandal, was performed with less brilliancy than the wit of the composition merited, or the audience expected. Mr3. ScottSiddona was Lady Teazle, aud was dressed with a correctness of costume and coiffure seldom, if ever, seen here. Her dress was remarkably elegant and offective, and her acting that of a true artist, forcing the audience into fre quent and loud applause. Mr. G. D. Chaplin sustained the part of Charles Surface, in which, however, he is not seen to tha greatest advantage as an actor. Mr. J. G. Joyce was evidently as much Sir Peter Teazed ns Sir Peter Teazle, and I wa3 cer tainly surprised to find this capable actor stuck up for words. Mr. W. J. Holloway waa not Joseph Surface, either in costume or sentimental utterance. Misa Melville as Mrs. Candour wa3 voluble enough, and by no means ineffective ; and Lady Sneerwell waa tolerably performed by Miss Julia Milne. The remainder of the characters were well sustained, but Mr. Andrews was outre as to coatume, while Mr. H. Simmons looked and acted mo3t naturally as the Jew. On Satur day The Merchant of Venice was per« formed with great success, and the cir cumstance that Portia was the character ia which Mr3. Scot'.«3iddons made her debut made the performance more interesting than, uaual. Mrs. Siddons' assumption of tho character of Portia is one of marked ability, if not originality, and dressing it as she does with unwonted elegance the success of tho actress was complete, and in tho trial sceno was more than excellent. Mr. Chaplin's per formance of the Jew is one of his greatest impersonations, and is marked by au inten sity of study and earnestness of realisation clearly interpreting Shakspeare's intention. Vehement applause followed the termination of the trial scene, and the public insisted upon the reappearance of both Mrs. Scott Siddona and Mr. Chaplin at the close of tho acts. I have omitted to mention the great success made by Mia. Scott-Siddons in her performance of Juliet in the tragedy of Romeo and Juliet. This waa really a won derful: performance, full of maidenly lovo and womanly devotioD, most admirably ex pressed by word aud gesture. In this tragedy Mr. W. J. Holloway made a better Romeo than many predicted, and could he have softened down hi3 voice aud thrown himself with more heartiness into tha character, he would have done better. Mr. Chaplin as Mercutio spoke the Queen Mab speech with great effect, and gave a dashing representation to the character altogether. It is pleasant to hear also that the English Opera OoTnpany are doing excellent business in Sydney. The following little theatrical episode oc curred recently in connection with Madame Simonsen'a New Zealand tour : —The Globe (ChriBtchurch), having denounced La Peri cholo being played by Simonsen's Opera Company, as CJa wretched abortion Buch as would be hissed off the stago at the unclassic Pavilion in White, chapel, or the Elephant in Newinjjton,' Madame Siinonsen made a speech, asserting that La Perichole had run 2C0 nights at tho Varieties in Paris, and over sixty nights at the Philharmonic in London ; and concluded by eaying the1 person who wrote the notice in the Globe was turned out of the stalls at Duntjdin for being noisy, when he threatened to make it hot for the company in Christ church, whore he was going to take a situa tion as reporter. Such a contretemps i3 to be regretted, and though many of Madame'a company are very weak as artistes, still the lady herself deserves consideration as one. of the most accomplished interpreters of the lyric muse in the Australian colonies, and it is not likely that any performance over which she presided would prove an abortion. ? The following, taken from the Olago Times, will doubtless be read with interest :— Thera were married at. the office of the Registrar, Dunedin, at forty minutes past two of the clock on Monday, the fifteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord ono thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, lima Maria Thea Anderson, widow, aged twenty-eight years, to John Thoma3 Hill, bachelor, aged thirty three years, both of whom were declared to have been residing in Dunedin for ono month. The marriage of a Mr. Hill with a Mrs. Anderson would not as a rule attract much attention, and un der ordinary circumstances might havo remained private ; but when the fair widow was the celebrated lima De Muraka and tho bridegroom the famous Maestro Strauss Ula, the news flew Jround the town,' in a few minutes was wired all over, the colony, and probably to Australia. The wedding cere mony was private. Mdllo. De Murska And Maeatro Ilia walked quietly down to tho Registrar's office, which is situated off a' gloomy passage. leading along1 the back of the Resident Magistrate's Court, and the only othei'3 present were th« witnesses, Mr. W. Parker Street, clerk of tho District Court, and Mr. Sinclair, solicitor, who chanced to call ia on business. Neither bride nor bridegroom Were clad in bridal costume, aud the mar. riage was purely a legal one, as in contra distinction to what is called tho religious ceremony.. A little bird has whispered that a request waa mado to the officiating official that the proceedings should be kept secret, but that gentleman had to intimate that the register was open io any person who paid the searching fee of 2a. Gd. Public curiosity was. soon on the qui vive, end the registrar was busy during the rest of the afternoon taking half-crowns from persona who wished to inspect tho register. The value of rataWo property Itt Bathurat ia sot down this year fit £4O(G7&. a3 against £40,5 1C last year. 