pastoral, mems. .Wis draw attention to tho aunouncoment in our advertising columns of tho (Into of oponing of tho Metropolitan Intercolonial Exhibition of tho Agricultural Society of Now South Wales, which is fixed for tho 25th April. Tho livo stock entries, it will bo soon, close on tho 1st April. 1 Tho medals awarded to Mr. M. H. Devlin at tho Yns3 Show, for tho best two-year old heifer und tho best pair of Durham cows or heifers, with, the Challenge Prize won by Princess Purple 24th, aro now on view at Mr. Raphael's. Tho medals—two bronzo and 0110 silver—"arc some 2:/ inches in diam eter, and are beautiful spocimons of tho die sinker's art, nnd trophies of which tho pos sessor may reasonably feel proud. Wo understand that Cowarbco Station, in the "Lachlan District, with about 25,700 sheep and belongings, together with all purchased land, has been sold by Mr. 13. M. Young, of the Australian Mortgago Land and Finance Company, to Messrs. Llauna Bros., of Victoria. At tho Lee sale of catt'o at Bathurst on Wednesday tho honor of bidding tho highest prico for heifers was carried olT by Mr. Robert M'l&ntyro;, of Kunonyhaveoyha, who, it will bo seen, purchased Moss ltoso at 1G0 guineas, and Young Queen at 155 guineas. Tho 2000 sheep purchased by Mr. Georgo Smith, from Messrs. Russell and Shaw, of 13li Elwah, wero started on tho 29th ult,, in charge of Mr* Douald Scott. A mob of Horngo shcop, Bell's, passed Booligal ou tho 23th ult., travelling to Xluy. "Wo learn from tho Vatforal Times that .ft number of station -owners awl capitalists passed through Hay during Inst weok, some " , of them from Victoria, ou Uio look out. for ; .: • property in ltivorhm. :'/■ ' Ifc.is'imported flint Messrs. Oolliiio and Co. of AVestgvove have sout 12,000 sheep to : . Cooper's Creek. . v • Messr?. Woolridgo and Wren report tho sale ot! 2000 owes ou account of Messrs. v ., Yirgoe mid Sou and Co., Mathouru, to,. Mr. .■ - Earlcs, Vine Ridge. . .. . Tlio Deuiliqum crossings! during tho Just week were confined to 200 head of cattle (Shupperd's) ••••". • v.v. MaV Jumcs Maim reports tho salo of.-G00 , _ . ewes on account of Mr. W. 3sTisbol to Mr. J. Tomkin'B, junv. Alofcof cattle belonging to Messrs. Wobbor, nro mifFcring from pleuro at tho. hcad.of tho ; - . Mnranoa. '/?.£/v v. v .V:. , The Dubbo Advorlisor reports that, a thunderstorm broke over the town on Satur i day, the 26th instant, and two or throe hoary : showers of rain fell, and states that ti slight | .spring* in fchograsswiis afterwards |5iirceptiblo. - . A Barling Downs Gazette correspondent says—" I hear Mr. Tyson.has already uiorod, or is about I o move, 10,000 head of cattle : - from his station, between I'ow .or J3ow Creek ; and the Warrego, for want of grass and water. - •• The Graaior's Bnlmnnld coiTCSpodenV^.tos that-Mr. M'Cormuck was waiting ai®b|>t plnco on the 26th ult. to meet 1000 Iffulof flloro eattlo from Tintinalogy on the Pal'ling,, for.'Messrs. Sfcaughton's estate on tlio Wirriboe. 9000 wethers belonging to Mossr?. Copper and Smith . passed Hillston on tho 2*lth ult, . Mr, Mulligan in charge, proceeding down tho . . river for sale. . ' - - i - "120 fat cows from Hon. John Hays Thnralgoona Station, Warrego lliver, Q,ueons lahd, for Melbourne," were at Hillston on tlio 2Dth ult. A Hillston ^correspondent of tlio .Grazier reports on l^cb. 27"——The weather since Uio 0th, on which date a. heavy storm of rain occurred, has been of a most changeablcx»ha meter, being hot with high winds. A gentle showorfell on Sunday morning (20th) about . midnight, which has lowered tho tempera fcUYC. Jilcssrs. Mack Bros.' of Murgah, havo ( softl 1524 wethers to Mr. F. L. Parkor,.of Qniamoug, at Ss. Messrs. Gibson and Braim, agonts. Deliver/ lias been taken of fcho 8912 I ewes recently reported as sold by Messrs. . 1 Slanbridgc and Co., of ICooba. Messrs. W., H., M., and Co., agents. Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, ro; port the sale of the Tatala Station ori tho Oulgou lliver, ■ Warrigo District, with 410(5 sheep, for the lump snnv of £3500 ; horses, | working plaut, . &c.;, to bo removed by vendors. • . • Messrs. Bourkc, Johnson, and Blako re port the sale of the " Homo Farm" property : for Mr. Bell to Mr. James Patterson, of Bcnmorc; 12 bullocks, dray and tackling complete, for Mr. 0!Bricn to Mr. James James Edgcworth, ami 20 bullocks for Mr. Gregory to Mr. A. Mackenzie, of Coota* ninndra. r; Subscriptions arc coming in freely ^for tlio I shipment of frozen meat by Mort's process. I Messrs.lt. Goldsbrough and Co. head tho I list with £200, and also subseribcone pmind ! per thousand sheep for each of their stations, j Other subscriptions generally are one pouud . I per thousand sheep. It is expected that tho i baiauee will be subscribed shortly. The Australian Mortgage Land Mtiauca Company has received a. London telegram 'which reports that three lirst-class liiverino grensy clips averaged over lod per lb. ' In a letter rccclved from-a Maryborough, Queensland, gentleman recently, wo find tho following which is scarcely in accord, with the majority of tho Queensland, roports ' " It: has bceu fearfully hot up hero this summer, aud we havo also had some of tho heaviest thunderstorms I , havo ovor ,wit» ncsaed. Tho season has been a very fiuoi'ono, aiid.thcro will be lots of grass for fcho winter. Stock aro fat everywhere, bub ..iu placea pleuro is very.bad jusfc.iiow. v. A Dalby correspondent of the Darling Down's Gazette says that a mob of 500 head of store cattle, the property of the Hon. George Thorn, passed on the 24th from the Paroo River, on their way to Eskdale. The drovers give very discouraging accounts of the country on the Paroo. Many stations were sufferings severIy from the long con- tinued drought. . Tho following .gentlemen havo on tho . nomination of tho Chief Inspector'of Sheep," been appointed- Sheep \ Directors for tho Wagga DistrictT. \Y/, Hammond, Esq., Junee j W. O. Windcycr, Esq., Wanta bad^ery ; John Cox, /Esq., Maugoplah ; Itichord Cox, Esq., Marrar; John iving, Esq., Hanging'lloclv, ' Lavgo (luanlities of slicop .aiid cattle ,'liavo . been sent of Jato by rail to tho Sydney market. On Tuesday aud Wednesday last; tho CVoul burn Herald statos, no less than 4700 sheep, 14 trucks of cows and calves, and 131- pigs were thus clispat'aticd, being tlio largest lot sent during any two days since tho railway . oponcd to Goulbum. About- 5000 more sheep wero oxpeetod on Monday. 3\Ir. W. Mandolson has sold on • behalf of: Messrs. H. and S. Pipev, tho station oE Goberagandra, to Mr. J. Jenkins, of fungus, • for the sum of £750,. The Shoa\haven Agricultural niid -Horti cultural Association's second annual .exhibi tion took place on "Wednesday last, and was h. • great success, .nearly G00 exhibits were entered; about 1500 wero on the ground. Some Tory lino pedigree, cattle woro exhibited, ; , oncl there was a good display of grain, potatoes, butter, fruit, TOgetablcs,: /lowers, plants, drawiugSj aaddlory,' and luiacoUuneous exhibits.' .• Tho Horald's Dnbbo correspondent states that the prisso list of tho North»westcru Pas toral and Agricultural Association will bo an :OKtouswo and valuable ono, for already a number ot special prizes, in tho shape of Jive guinea cups, have been promised; and, as tho association is in funds, tho money valuo o£ : . tho prizes to bo offered will probably reach £400. TUo date of tho sliosv depends upon tho season. If rain comes, probably it will he held in May. Tlio fiatno authority states that tho Lincoln cross—that is tlio progony.- of Lincolm rams aud. merino owes—will prove very successful ' in the saltbush country. Not only aro tho i lambs big and healthy, but so far thoy havo. shown thomselves ablo to moot hard times : hotter oven than tho merino. i 500 rams from the Murmmbidgeo, of Mr. lTisher's breed, wero ou tho 11th ult. at tho Millie crossing-place, on the Ward j thoy avo for Mr. Eairbuirn's station, Lansdowno, -uccording to a correspondent of tho'Darling Downs Gazptto,, who states that no move ment of.-'stocks wero being, mado for tho ' niarkots;; in fact, cattle, sheep, and horses . aro .all boginuing to look misomble,"and aro falling away. As thero is neither grass ou tho road nov wator in tho "VVarrego, it would bo; folly to jend auy stook away at prcsont. Squatters aro talking of very shortly sonding stock to travel for grass and wator, but in • Vhat direction thoy will find cither it 13 •difficult to say. ; When a sheop takes to jumping fonccs tho habit must bo cured, forit cannot bo endured, Justly remarks a correspondent of tho Wcokly News. t Ono bro;jdiy sheep infects tho Hock, and iniins all tlio rest, Sometimes a valuablo sheep that cannot well bo spared acquires this habit, and somo plan other than making mutton of it must bo adopted. A plan wo havo8een followed with success is to hang a light board around tho neck by a broad strap. Tho board should bo of such a sizo and so hung that it will atriko against tlio sheep's knees when it trios to jump. If tho sheep that leads tho flock into mischief—and thoro is generally but one iucorrigiblc loader —bo thus treated tho trouble will bo pre-, vented. Tho Bonrko paper states that many of tho superintendents on tho stations in that dis trict arc preparing for a sheop oxodus, f urthor delay may bo ruinous. Among tho many on tho movo aro 1200 sheep belonging to Mr, Muugovau of Taukarooka. These are on tho road towards Bourkc, The Wapweolah flock consisting of owes and lambs aro on tho ovo of departuro from tho station for food and water. Wo havo boon informed that tho Tomora and Kocks Stations wero offered for saloby auction iu Melbourne ou Mouday, hut no bids woro mado for tho proporty. North Borombud advertised for sale on the saiuo date, was previously withdrawn/ . ;Miv, Jolm gra?J«r' of -Inrjr experience, in New Z'.Mhmd, hasfof-urmh;.. to the G Ion liiM'.'s CrMitnlirin the follow ii'ia ^.results 'of •;tliot:!ij>/*ff his sbedp lately • ex ; hibiied at ;s--'tha<fh'n tun on Shmivy. tfb.v.«i» . Lincoln andvLeicester rams' fluiuos yavc". n total, of -1241bs,$ or an average of l/lbs 11 ozs. each; two eruss-brcd Lincolnahd merinos averaged Mlba each ; and ten Lincoln ami .Leicester ewes' flcuei*s averaged over lolbs S ' oas cacli. ' A.•.Gritftou;'c()ntenipomry "states, tbab the ;./r.abii!ani: herd will bo ^oll-' roprcsenfc^l afc . the coming metropolitan show. Thirteen . Thuhamsaud ITercfords have been forwarded for the purpose, all of which aro spoken of of as being of excellent quality. The Laurel Hank Meat Preserving Estab lishment at TlocUliampton, thoQucenslander v. reports, preserved during "last season '4011 head of cattle, of-which 3500 gave an aver age within a fraction of SOllbs per carcass, a • weight that could hardly be exceeded in any parfcofAustralia. The cattle were all ob tained front tho coast stations in tbo neigh* bourhood of Rockhampton, and tbo result shows:well for the fattening capabilities of •tho paaturo of that district. The new pea son for preserving at Laurel Bank will com mcticc on the 1st April next.'; ■".■■The North British -Agriculturist says a largo and very valnablo consignment of long \voolled sheep left Glasgow for New Zealand pen* the now clipper ship Ardvar. They have • been selected and brought from Lincoln by Mr."W; Ghost, Barling's Grange, from-the .celebrated ilocks of long-wool sheep of Messrs. Dudding, .Kirkham, Needham, and f-Jhest, for Mr. Thomas Kussell, of New Zealand, and represent tbo largo total of '£2000 for about 100 slieep.. some having cost as much as 150 guineas each. Among them are six lambs of- seven months old, .from Mr. Ghost's stock, which took the first prizo .at •the Lincolnshire agricultural show thia.yenr, and are the-first that have been sent from this country at so early an age. Tho following letter from Mr. W. A. Brodrihb to a Melbourne contemporary .will bo read .with intorest:—By the last mail I received my account sales of the last of, my /wool shipped home in 1S75, and sold on tho 3rd December . last—23G bales of scoured wool, consisting of second and third quali ties, pieces and locks. The increased weights on landing, as compared with the colonial shipping; weights, aro 15ewt. 3qr. 131b, or J,555lhs, being an averago of C|lb-por bale, worth about Is lOd peril), or £137 0s 10d., nearly onough to pay the freight home. The actual freight on the 236 bales was £170 5s Cd., Would you be good enough to pub lish this in your next issue for the informa tion of Australian woolgrowcrs. My brokers aro .Messrs. Webster, Darvall, and Co., 30 Coleman- street, London. These gentlemen send a respectable, reliable person to see every bale woighed in tho warehouses, and enter the weights in a book, lie weighs the samples,.and the same person sees the wool weighed to the buyers. I am furnished with all tho details, such as the• shipping weights of the samples-, and - the selling •.weights. Tho following stock passings arc reported by the Mudgce correspondent of the i-Jcrald —Coolah ; 2000 fat wethers, White's, for Syduey; 1000 mixed , sheep, Glass's, for Sydtioy ; 2000 fat ewes, Whites, for Sydney; .1500 fat wethers, Shanahan and Jennings, for Sydney. Mudgeo passings—100 fofc cattle, Sullivan's, from Bundy • Station, in charge of Gaffey, for Sydney ; SO fat cattle, Lane's, from Bloodworth's Station, in charge of Raynor, for Sydney;-200 fat cattle, Sullivan's, from tho Macquaiie, for Sydney. Oh Wednesday February 23rd GL head of horses, principally saddle and light harness, crossed at Wodonga for tho Melbourne mar ket ; tho horses were from Messrs. Beveridge , and M'Kenzie's station, Tenandra Park, and wero in charge of Mr. W. E. Peters. A flock i of 17SG fat wethers cn^route for the Mel-,j bourno market crossed at .Wodonga on Saturday last in charge of Mr; John Jenkins' of Gnndagai. .The Border Post gives the following re turn of, wool passings —February 17fcb, 1S7G —G3 bales, Monk Bros. ; 17 bales, carrier; 4 bales, W. Patterson. 2lst—1 bale, T. J3. Mate it Co.; 4 bales, E. Post; 5 bales, E. and hJ. Koano. 22nd — 227 balesj J, M'Lilirin; 7 bales, Kobertson ami Co. 23rd—7 bales, A. E. Heath. 24th—1 bale, Cheeny : G bales, L. Robertson ; 7 liales, G. Forsyth'; 25 bales, G. P. Bardwell; 3 bales, W. Manus. 2Gth—23 bales, Maracket. 2Sth—45 bales, J. Holloway ; and 4 bales, J. Armstrong. Total — 24,0S7 bales .of this season's crop,-forwarded to Molbourno, valued at £40(5,383. 