Ar£WS OF THE EAT. There can now be no adverse opinions about the Cape route being an established fact as far as the capability of first-class steamers to perform the passage in much less time than is done by the way of Suez. On Satur- dav nicht the steamship St. Osyth arrived from London, the passage from anchorage at Plymouth to anchorage .in Hobson's Bay being made in 43 days nine hours, and if allowance is made for the difference of time between tbe two places it has been done in 42 days 23 hours. It is affirmed that bad it not been for a slight accident to the low pressure engine, which necessitated her making the last ten days of her passage at three-quarter speed, the run would have been done in, at all events, one day's less time. There can be no doubt but the St. Osyth is making a name for her- self, and growing in favor with tho travelling public, as her passenger list testifies. , When she was here last July it was asserted by many that her quick passage was a Hake, and she would not be able to do it again ; but Captain M'Nabb has well kept up his ship's prestige, and has again supplied us with later English dates. The intelligence brought by her is 20 days subsequent to that received by the Suez mail. The Wangaratta Dispatch says that no men are more thoroughly convinced than Sir James M'Culloch and his colleagues that they do not possess the confidence of the country. They are perfectly aware that their scheme of taxation does not meet with general appro bation. They know full well that if the public could only get at the ballot box they and their policy would in all probability be Consigned to oblivion. They perceive that tbe Opposition is alive to tbe gravity of tbe position in which Victoria is now placed. We cannot shut our eyes to the fact that se> lector are by degree disappearing, and that a time advances sheep will take their place. The rest of the population is quite aware that as those not engaged upon the land be> come, as they will be, jammed together in towns, some will have to go away alto, gcther. This being so, we feel convinced that all reflecting men are alive to the great stnigglo gradually coming on — a struggle in which ono side must fight to hold its own against encroaching monopoly. Referring to tbe meeting at Natte Yal- lock, the Aroca Mail says : — "The attend ance was said to bo large' — large for Natto Vallock, we suppose — and tbe motions were all proposed by largo' farmers, and every, thing else, including tbe sentiments ex pressed, were on a corresponding scale of im mensity. One of tbe ' large farmers' men tioned by name holds a full quarter of an acre, no mors, and this is not cnltivated be yond the extent of a few melancholy roses, the owner finding better employment for his time with his needle and shears. Many of the other ' large farmers' mentioned do not hold more than SO acres each, although there are certainly some in the area who have a respectable acreage. We hope Mr. Berry- will not be alarmed by this demonstration, and perhaps, when he knows that there ia more than a suspicion of the affair being got up by Maryborough agitators in connection with the proposed opposition railway line to St. Arnaud, he will give the resolutions the consideration which they deserve. " A correspondent, writing from Warrack- nabeal, in the Wimmern, to the Belfast Oazelte, says : — " There is a good thing going around here just now, viz.: — That our member is going to resign hi3 seat in the Assembly, to make room for one of the de feated candidates in the M'Culloch Ministry. 1 question whether he would be returned again, as the electors have not forgotten his visit to the old country, with his seat, or rather £300 a year, in his pocket, enjoy ing himself there, and leaving us unrepre sented." The Erehjn Observer says that Mr. E. H. Cameron will address the electors, with re spect to the recent political situation, next Saturday evening, at Queenstown. We understand that a request has been forwarded to head quarters asking an inves tigation into the statements made by Major Anderson against the cavalry section of the Bacchus Marsh troop. Mr. Jesse Young, the able astronomical observer of the expedition conducted by Mr. Giles so bravely through the deserts from South to Western Australia, arrived here very recently. Mr. Young, by desire of tbe hon. Thomas Elder, of South Australia, brought with him the important collec tions of plants which resnlted from Mr. Youngs self-imposed extra toil in gather ing objects of natural history in eluci dation of the resources of Australia. These plfris will be examined by Baron Von Mueller, and the many new species will be described in one of his works. In reference to the knowledge of the geographical distri bution, particularly of the endemic forms of the Western Australian vegetation, this col lection, which is admirably preserved, affords many new data. Mr. Young pro ceeds this week by the San Francisco route to England, where he will publish his journals and observations. The hon. Thos. Elder deserves great praise for his enlightened liberality in fitting out the exploring expedition, by which also the knowledge of the natural sciences has been advanced in very many ways. The railway works on the Avoca line are progressing satisfactorily. All the cuttings between Maryborough and the Bet Bet are through, and the men are making the ap proaches to the bridge. Forming and ballasting will commence at the Mary borough end almoBt immediately, and the rails will soon follow. There are alto gether about 140 men at work, and it is anticipated that the foremost party will be in the neighborhood of Avoca in about two months' time. "Writing of the Albury customs, the Border Post says : — During the month of December ult. the revenue derived from dutiable mer- chaudise imported from Melbourne for the district of Albury amounted to £329S ISs. Sd. This amount, tdded to collections re- ceived during the other eleven months, makes the total receipts at the Albury custom house for the year 1S75 a sum of £27,303 13s. 2d., showing an increase on the previous year's transactions of £6S28 2s. 4d. This goes to prove that our consuming powers are steadily increasing, and our commercial relations with Melbourne assuming large proportions. The actual receipts for the Murray River eolleo- tions in 1874 — the last eleven mouths— was £85,709. During the first ten months of 1875, £81,299 was aotually collected along the Murray River, and a sum of £18,250 ex pected to be realised during the months of November snd December last, or a total for 1875 of £99,549, being £451 less than the estimate of the hon. W. Foster, Colonial Treasurer. However, we have no hesitation in saying that the Murray Border collections, when compiled, will show that upwards of £100,000 has been received during the year 1875 from that source. The hon. John Robertson, in his estimates of ways and means for 1S7G, expects to realise a sum of £113,500 from the Murray River collections during the current year. A largo congregation met at St. Luke's, Fitzroy, on the evening of the 31 st, for a watch-night service. The church was taste fully aud profusely decorated for the occa sion. The proceedings, which were unpre tentious but impressive, included brief ad- dresses by Canon Chose, the Rev. Mr. Hay- how, and the render of St. Luke's, and some appropriate hymns and prayers. Tlie choir remained after the service for the presenta tion of a testimonial to Miss Billings, ou the part of the committee and trustees, in re cognition of her long aud zealous services to the church as organist. Our Geelong correspondent writes : — Tlie thousand pound prize in Miller's Champion sweep has been won by a Western district " two-year-old," the son of a baker at Camperdown, who has not yet seen two summers, being the fortunate owner of a ticket on which is inscribed "Champion Race, £1000, Richmond," and signed by Mr. Miller. Tbe Ballarat Star has commenced the year by the reduction of its price to one penny per copy. Our Preston correspondent writes : — It is rumored that one of the councillors for the Gowerville ridingof the Shire of Jika is about to resign hiB seat in tbe council. If so Mr. Thomas Mitchell, of Northcote, will bo asked to come forward, and will probably be returned unopposed. Mr. Mitchell was for several years a member of the old Epping road board, and was afterwards a member of the Darebin Shire Council. Yesterday being exceedingly fine, the ex cursion steamers Williams and Golden Crown were well patronised, and the various piers were crowded with visitors. Tbe steamer Gem, running between Sandridge and Wil. liamstown, aUo had her .decks thronged on each trip across the Bay. The arrivals during the week from foreign ports were the Loch Ness, from Glasgow ; Antiope, from Liver- pool ; Malabar, Sobraon, Dunalistair, Lochee and Carlisle Castle, from London ; Georgina and Lydia, from Foo Chow Foo ; Viscount Macduff and James Wishart, from Mauritius; M. A. Evans, from Peru ; Skimmer of the Waves, from New York ; Onsuri, from Hong Kong ; Lottery, from Batavia ; and on Saturday night the steamship St. Osyth, from London. The new Education Act-in South Aus tralia came into operation on the 1st inst., when the State schools of the colony were brought under the direct control of the Go vernment. The S. A. Register says : — "Mr. Griffith will take charge of the new depart ment, and will hold office in the dual capacity of Attorney-General and Minister for Public Instruction, though not assuming tbe latter title. He is about making a trip to Mel bourne, and it is not intended to appoint tbj) Under-Secretary for Public Instruction be fore his return. Meanwhile Mr. Drew, of the Treasury, will act temporarily in that capacity. We believe that one important object ef Mr. Grffith's - visit to Melbourne will be to learn how the separate offices of Under-Secretary and General Inspector are worked in that colony. It is said that defining the dnties or supposed duties of these high officials in such a manner as to do justice to the department and to them, and to offend neither, is found to occupy a good deal more of the attention of Parliament than is thought desirable." The Grand Executive of the Victorian Good Templars seem to be determined on pushing vigorously forward the cause aud the claims of total abstinence throughout the length aud breadth of the colony. It is not improbable that they contemplate at no dis tant date a renewal of their attempt to carry a permissive or some other restrictive mea sure ou the sole of strong drink. At nil events they are strengthening their forces, and are rapidly gaining large acquisitions of members to their Order. Dr. Macartney, their lecturer, who has only recently returned from a most successful campaign in Gipps- land, i9 now under orders to proceed up the North-eastern line, and before his return ho is to visit all the principal centres of popu lation throughout the Ovens and Murray districts. Arrangements have also been made for him to cross the Murray into N ew South Wales as far as Corowa. The thieves of Melbourne made good use of their time on Saturday. During the ab- sence of the occupants, two houses were broken ir.to and various articles removed. The store of Mrs. Susan Raucie, at the corner of Pclham and Berkeley streets, Carlton, was entered, and £10 13s. in notes and silver, a gold pencil case, gold geneva watch, two gold studs, three small gold nnggets, one pair colonial gold earrings, two gentlemen's rings, a lady's keeper, and some other trinkets, stolen. A grocer's shop, kept by Mrs. Ellen Taylor, at 12 Molesworth-strect, Hotham, was also broken into and £6 7s. Gd. in cash, and a number of tins of jam, herrings, bottles of lime juice, &c.;, abstracted. The detectives are making inquiries in both cases. The annual retnrn of the Ballarat produce market, published by the Courier, shows that during 1875 the following passed through the market: — 137,104 bushels of oats, averago price, 3s. lOid. per bushel ; £26,575 10s. 6d. 145,076 bushels of wheat, average price, 5s. Id. per bushel ; £37,025 14s. lOd. 51, 1ST bushels of barley, average price, 4s. 6d. 'per bushel ; £11,517 Is. 6d. 6178 tons of hay, average price, £4 10s. 7d. per ton ; £27,981 4s. 2S50 tons of straw, average price, £1 19s. 44d. per ton ; £5G10 18s. 9d. 4G92 tons of potatoes, average price, £3 2s. 54d per ton ; £14,647 lGs. Gd. In comparing the statistics with those of the previous year, there is an in crease in tlie quantity of all the articles, with the exception of wheat and straw. Ou Saturday afternoon the body of a man was found in the Yarra, near the Botanical Gardens-bridge. It was yesterday identified as that of Philip Maguire, 50 years of age, who resided at Little Soinerset-street, off Church-street, Richmond. An inquest will be beld. Yesterday afternoon a little boy, named John Gilbert Cohen, aged seven years, was running after his hat, which had been blown off bis bead, when be was knocked down and run over by a passing vehicle. The child was at once picked np and taken to the Melbourne Hospital, where upon admis sion he was found to bo suffering from internal injuries, which are so severe that little hopes are entertained of his recovery. There is a disease among the horses up at Warracknabeal, Wimmera, and a great many of the selectors are losing animals by it. They appear to be all right and feed well up to the last, but it kills them in a very short time, whether it is a weed that they eat or a kind of disease. . On Tuesday afternoon, at about half-past five o'clock, a whirlwind of extraordinary force occurred at Peechelba, for a distance of about three miles by 100 yards wide. The Wangaratta Dispatch, says the wind was of such strength as to tear up trees three feet in diameter by the roots and lift them into the air, the trees then coming down with the roots uppermost. It stopped near the corner of Mr. Seymour Willett's fence. He was observing the effects of the wind, and fearing it would reach his house took his wife and children out on to the plain. It lasted for about half an hour. The noise occasioned by the whirlwind and the falling timber was appalling. The clouds were observed to roll in a circular direction over each other at and during the storm, and at no great height from the ground. Tbe man named Michael Quinlan, aged 33 years, who was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital last Tuesday, suffering from in juries to the head, died in that institution yesterday. Tbe man was found in Bourke-street insensible, aud the police have information to the effect that he was, while intoxicated, thrown violently out of an hotel. An inquest will be held to-day. A singular instance of the loss aud recovery of some money occurred on Christmas eve. A German farmer, named Thistlewaite, re siding at Cudgee Creek, came into Warrnam- bool to purchase supplies for the festive season. He had in his pocket £62, and after ordering goods he received the account, when he exclaimed, "Oh, mein Gott, I have lost my money !" He endeavored to find it without avail, and proceeded homewards lamenting the loss. Shortly after he left, the drayman in the employ of the firm saw a man pick up a piece of rag aud afterwards throw it towards the shop door. The drayman took it into the shop, and discovered the whole of the missing notes. A carp weighing nearly three-quarters of a pound was found by Mr. D. Fern when fishing at Lake Wendouree on Friday. On Saturday evening a man named Michael Missey, aged 17 years, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital suffering from a fractured arm and other injuries, caused by his falling oft' a horse be was riding at the Flemingtou racecourse. The Aroca Mail has been informed that Roberts, commercial traveller, of Talbot, about whose mysterious disappearance a week or two ago so much anxiety was ex pressed, was arrested on Tuesday while fol lowing a reaping machine on Mogg's Plains. A very sorions accident occurred on Mon day last to the eldest son of Mr. Edwin Glover, of the Commercial Hotel, Moonam. bel. With seven others be had started on a fishing excursion to the Mountain Creek, and in passing throueh a break in a brush fence young Glover, who was driving, pulled the horse up. Tlie sudden jerk threw him out and under the wheel, which passed over his stomach. John Kennedy, who has been no less than seven times previously convicted of assault and robbery, and on one occasion received a public whipping, gained his liberty a few. weeks since. On Saturday evening he as- saulted a person in the street, for which he was arrested by Senior-constable CallanaD, who had difficulty in seenring him. Col- lan an was kicked in the face by prisoner's father during the scuffle. The prisoner was, however, handcuffed, and subsequently locked up. A youug man named Laurence "White, alias Thomas Johnston, an engineer on board a vessel in port, who had been indulging rather freely on New Y ear's day, went into the commercial room of the Courthouse Hotel, Hotham, and fell asleep. When aroused by the landlord he became very in sulting, aud was forcibly ejected from the premises. He retaliated by throwing stones at the windows, doing damage to the extent of £3. He was arrested by Constable Roche and locked up, when several stones were found in his pockets. After a long period of comparative quiet ness the once famous Burra Burra mine has again wakened to something like its pristine activity, and operations are once more being vigorously prosecuted in long-deserted work- ings. The S. A. Begister says : — In the old days the mode of procedure seems to have been to simply take out the bunobes of ore wherever they wire met with without much regard to ulterior consequences, so that the true course of the lode which is be lieved to exist on the property was never properly ascertained and defined. A new system has, however, been introduced, and the mine is now being thoroughly and intel ligently developed. There are at present about 300 men and boys and from SO to 100 horses employed, together with eight engines ranging from the monster SO-inch cylinder used for pumping the water from Morphett's shaft down to a tiny thing of a few horse power for raising stuff from a short depth. It seems quite within the bounds of proba bility that this property has not even yet seen its best days. It is almost certain that a large lodo must exist somewhere beneath what has hitherto been but a huge blow, and should this source of the immense deposits of copper that have already been taken be once fairly opened the Burra would once more take its position amongst tbe monster mines of the world." A fatal accident occnrred in the Heytes- bury Forest on Friday, to a man named John Brown, some time a resident of Cobden, where he carried on business as a Bhoe- maker. The Hampden Gmrdian says: — Brown hni? recently selected land in the forest, and was ui work on his holding in Cooriejong, clearing the land, when in at tempting to remove a large fallen tree by the aid ef a lever, the tree slipped and fell upon him, crushing Km so severely that he died in the course of a short time. The Courier has had from the Ballaratbanks returns of the quantities of gold they had purchased during the past year. The gross quantity amounted in round numbers to 175,000 oz. A very narrow escape from death occurred on board the Rob. Roy on Thursday after noon. ' Shortly after the steamer's arrival at Belfast, whilst in tbe act of letting the anchor go, the chain stopper flew np, and struck the chief mate heavily in the face, causing several very severe wounds. The officer was rendered almost insensible, but the injuries did not reach his temple. The bleeding was excessive, but was stopped by- tec copious application of cold water. Mr. Cbas. Bright gave his lecture, entitled a Race of Barbarians, in the Opera House last nigbt, before a fairly numerous audi ence. Mr. Gatehouse occupied tho ohair. The satire on modern civilisation was re ceived with as much appreciation as on former occasions, and the wishes expressed that these evils might bo removed by in creased harmony amongst all classes seemed to meet with hearty responses from many of those present. This was the last of tee series of lectures given under the auspices of the Molbonrno Spiritualist and Free-thought Association. Mr. Bright will leave here shortly for a lecturing tour in New Zea land. A sad occurrence is reported from Johns, town, Berliu. Tho body of a young woman, IS years of age, daughter of Mr. Griffiths, was found in a watorhole near her parents' residence, at 1 1 o'clock on Wednesday night. She was at all times subject to fits, and it is supposed that during an attack of tbe kind he fell into the hole and was drowned. The Victorian Artillery Corps' Christmas Ball took place on Thursday evening last, at Victoria Barracks. The non-commis sioned officers and men handsomely decorated two of their barrack-rooms with flags, festoons, Chinese lanterns, flowers, &c.; Colonel Anderson, accompanied by the staff, arrived at 9 o'clock p.m., when dancing commenced to excellent music, furnished by Mr. Bouuer, bandmaster 61' the Southern Riftes, who with his band was kept busy to very early hours on Friday morning. Satisfactory arrangements were made with regard to refreshments, &c.;, though the name of the caterer did not transpire. The Theatre Royal was crowded on Satur- day night to its utmost capacity, and the pantomime, with .all .its. glories of scenery aud costume, and its abounding fan, was heartily, enjoyed. . The pantomime has been so perfectly mastered now that it has become much more diverting than when its career first commenced. The Opera HouBe was crammed to suffoca tion on Saturday. Every seat and vestige of standing-room was occupied. The musical portion of the pantomime of Fortunatus was giveu in a sprightly manner, the large house assembled no doubt having the effect of calling forth the best efforts of the company. The difficult and charming medley, as sung by Miss Melville, was encored, and notwith standing the arduous task the call was re sponded to. The gaudy -beauties of tbe transformation scene, lighted up by lime lights and parti-colored fires, the rays of which are flashed about in all directions by the revolving and ray- like reflectors of the great sun in the baok ground, were heartily applauded by the whole house. Tho Fakir of Oolu secured a full house on Saturday, and gave Mb audience entire satis faction. The ghost illusion and crystal fountain were loudly applauded. The Apollo Hall to-night will be occupied by the St. Vincent Gem Combination Troupe, whose specialities will be music and magic. The Baby Benson Company had a crowded house on Saturday night, aud closed their season. The People's Concert at the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, was well attended on Saturday evening. An excellent programme was provided for the holiday people. Mr. Murphy was repeatedly recalled for Ms humorous songs. The programme was gone through with great Bpirit. Mr. Frank Richardson acted as conductor. The Loyal Tarra villa Lodge, No. 73, 1.O.O.F., celebrated New Year's eve with a concert and ball, in tbe Borough Chambors, Footscray. A very fair attendance was present, who danced tbe hours of tbe old year out and the new year in to . tbe lively strains of a good band. Nearly £100 has resulted from the concert and subscription got up for tbe purpose of assisting the widow and family of the late John M'Phail, who was killed some few weeks ago while in his occupation as carter to tbe Victoria Sugar Com pauy, at Yarraville. Mr. A. F. Greig is to be congratulated upon being thns able to relieve the wants of those who were left destitute through the snd accident. 