DIOCESAN SYNOD. jha annual wboq of the Synod of the fngifon Church in the Diocese of Adelaide ?M opened at St. Paul's Church, Paltanoy stroet on Tuesday moroinsr. Mav 19. at half-oast 11 o clock, when Holy Communion wu admini ttered. Tner* was only a small congregation. The surpliced choir, consisting partly of clergy, walked in processional order up the main aisle of the church to the chanceL followed by tha Dean and Chapter, and the Bishop, preceded bj the pastoral staff, borne by one of the clergy. The body of the church was occupied by a number of the clergy and laity attending tae Synod. Among those present were Archdeacons Marryat and Dove and Cacon Coombs. The Bishop raid the Communion Service and the Gospel, arid Dean Buesell the Epistle. Hymn 32?), from tha A- and M. Hymnal wu 6ung, and the Offertory taken on behalf of the Cathedral Fund, Arci Marryat reading the offertory sentences. After the administration of the Communion the Bishop deliTercd the following PaSTOBAL ADDBES3. Bev. find Dear Brethren— in my address last year I offered some remarks conducive to a better understanding of certain theological terms, which beirg misapprehended in their doctrinal import bid raised up midwalls of partition among the clersry, and thrown many lay mem- j bers into an attitude of iujplcion if not absolute ' hostility. Longer experience and more enlarged ' views have in some degree modified th3=e j feelings. Conscientious discharge of parocfchi ! duties, joined to a kind and loving spirit, hare in j many inst-acces restored confidence and engsn- i dered respect. ! It is now admitted, I think, that a rigid uni- ' formity in litargical worship is ill-adapted to tha - variety of tastes and feelings which parvalea j every large community; and that within tha re- j cognised limits of our Reformed Church congre- ! gations should be left in undisturbed enjoyment j of ritual more or lew ornate, and hymnology more or less fervent. Provided her scriptural teachiEg and sober gpirit of devotion are not compromised, the Anglican Church can adapt itself to the warmth of imaginative devotion, or the simpler needs of uncultured enthusiasm. During the agitation of this question of ritual, there have not boon wanting tome who by harsh proceedings would hare precipitated a schism. Better counsels, however, have pre vailed; more frequent opportunities of discussion in Church Congresses, the meeting face to faco of the clergy of different schools of thought, the candour axd genMenaai manifested on all sides towards opponents, have enabled leading Church men, though differing in opinion, better to appre ciate the worth and faithfulness of their brethren. More, then, is to be feared frem hasty judgment] than dispassionate examination of the questions in dispute. The wisdom cf Parliament also seconding the reasonable demands jf the heads of the Church has_ advantageously reformed the ecclesiastical judicature. A Judge of high character, ap pointed by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York aa D»an of Arches, now hears disputed causes cf ntual involving doctrine, and interpret*, under appeal to the Supreme Judicature of the Bealm, the legal meaning- of the formularies, rubrics, and Aets of Parliaments which deSae the righto and duties of clergy and laity within the Church by law estabLshsd, Few, I think, will be found to set themselves against tha laic when once thus authoritatively deolared. If we need an illustration of the mischievous division caused by misinterpretation of language, it may be found in the persistent refusal of the Greek Church to recognise tha orthodoxy of the Western in regard to the procesaoa of the Holy Ghost. I allude to this as it may pos«b!y be given to the Anglican Church in conjunction with the Old Catholic Communion in Germany by demcnsrratiEg the sulutan'ial uni'y of balief in the Greek and Latin Churches to restore thair long-interrupted commute* Weil would i; be for the Uni?ersal Church it the deep lean-ing and conciliatory spirit of Dr. Dollinger pervaded an separate bodies of Chris- i tians, and that they would conscientiously try to understand each others diiBcuities, looking --o the points thereon they agree rather than inn t on tho* e in which they differ ; for the p*-\\+er as well as i-durxe of the Universal Church \\-. j vastly diminii-hed by present standing spar; It may be readily said, ' Physician, heal thy self.' Well, then, niy object u to fiad a ba*i- t (and the only caais it appears to me) oa whiij onion !E possible. It i3 cot infa!libui3m, it i* not Individualistic but it is ' Churchism.'— th: belief that Christ tiixsdli on the day of Hi; resurrection, instituted ani armed with civic a authority a visible Society or Church to wiiich 'He added daily such as should be saved.' Such is the doctrine which i propose briefly to illustrate frem Scripture, for to the neglect or denial of it we owe, I believe, that Ratioaalisti : criikLa which would cist dowa from a'; aathoiity the Holy 3cr:.ptura, the foundation of our beliefs acd hopes. That there was great need of some such ex ternal witness to the Scriptures— some such guide to distinguish genuine from spurious Gospels, the faith once delivered to the saints from the additions of heresy and later supersti tion— is sufficiently obvious. And some such standpoint for our c;m.Tioj faith becomes still more necessary in t'aesa diy-1, when improved education stimulates eaq'iiry, and demands a reason for the faith propounded for its acceptance. At th-5 game time, there h ? yearning for closer fellowship in the Gospel, an i more united ministerial action on every side. Th - fust symptom of such & desire was the propos ! macy years ago for '? Evangelical Alliance;' on the principle of alliance implies normal separa tion in opposition to the primitive dogma of 'one holy Catholic and Apostolic Church.' I tended, however, to tall forth Christian sympathy. Since that Alliance began it seems as if independency had softened into Congrege tionalism, and Congregationalism, in despite of its name, were gravitating towards union. Again, the Baptist, minimizing the grounds of his separation, fraternizes with Paedo-Baptists. The Presbyterian repudiates his ancient claim of divine right, and, forgetting past antagonism, allies himself with the Independent. Every where disintegration seems to be setting in Cohesion is overpowered by attraction from without. Meanwhile freethought and Rationalistic criti cism are eating into the heart of negative Pro testantism, from which the zeal and fervour of old Puritanism has departed. Union, therefore, seems mere than ever desirable for those who believe that ' there is one God and one mediator between God and man, the Man Christ Jesus.' The great hindrance to such union I imagine our Protestant brethren conscientiously believe to be the connection betweea the Church and State in England. Were the civil and social diatiLC'joa htn-e arising removed, they th ::k that the separation between themselves and the Anglican clergy would come to an end. I *^i- so» c-fiter here into the historic con ^oui^.^tfa, through many changes and ch3ioe?; of Uu Church of Eng and from th9 days of its fir t martyr St Alban to to-3 present tima ; ba» i; is my conviction, looking to tho American Episo -- pal Church, that di^fistiblL-hmtnt wouldin a^ wise have that effect. I acknowledge tbe talent, energy Isarainij. piety, and respectabilig- of many ministers cot cf our conmution. 1 hire always entert3iaod a hope that s« time weat oa seme method woa'd be found whereby they myht, witiioat wounding feeHcg or conscience, combine with as to evangelize a iiiful world. I need hardly remind you how this hope found expression in my lotter to the Eor. T. Binnay ia 1858\. His rep'.j, conUia'd ia hi3 'Church of the Future,' effectually diaptl'.ed the 'dreim' which I fcad eLtertairsi. Athaaasiu3 coaieni icg agsh^t tbe worll for the Catholic Faith (Ml hi3^owa p '.:??& j-iiRniant) was adlaced to fanction tho principle that ''one may be a Church es well as tarej,' and it was asserted that the Church w s cac« ' cantralize-i' (which does not mean i.idic 'nu-dized) in hi «. The diffi lecce between the l«li6Ters in a Catholic ani Apostolic Church, *h& those who maintain that '?vety individual may be a Churci ta Uiaself^ then appeared esscetiaUy irreeopfiflsable. I am cct prooooDcicg ex cttihtdra that the ▲nglicao Churchman is right tad the Indivi dcslist's vi«w wroeg. I aa simply endeavo aring to bring into view toe direct antagonism of their principUs, and to point out that bef ore co operation or union caa take pl*c«; it most be shown that the on* or th* other principle is untenable accord u.g to Scripture. I now therefore briefly set before you the facts which justify oar belief in tie divine origin and inspired authority of a Catholic and Apostolic Church, and make loyal aa'heracce to it as an obligation of contcitnee, an-1 not an uncharitable prejudice. The viable Charon of Christ grew directly out of the Mosaic The olive-tree from which the Hebrew natural branches were broken off, and wild branches from the Gentile world grafted in, preserved unbroken its continuity of life «The Ap«Etles were to 'sit upon twelve thronaa judging the twelve tribes of Israel.' They were to b« the spiritual heads of the new Israel. The elder dispensation accordingly closed with that last paseover which in gloom and Mdfiw at even on the day of prepantioi our Lord ate with flij Apc&tlep.; He would eat no more of that typical passover, far it would be fulfilled aad snptrseded by the stcrifice of Himself. He would drink no more of that fruit of the vino until he drank it new, as representing His c*n Dcott precious blood, in the kingdom of God. In less than forty -eight hours He fulfilled that prediction. Ho made Himself known aftir Hw rciurrectiou to His disciples at Eaitnaus in tho ' break icg of bread ;' recalling the sacraaaat cf Bis Bcdy and Bio -d which He bed instituted just before Ho suffered. Later on that evening an-l in th: same upper chambor He gave to ttu eleven their Ap.stolic Misaion. ' As my Father hath sent me £0 sfend I you.' He also breathed on thtm acd said, ' Receive ye th3 Holy Gaost Whosoever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whosoever sios ye retain, taey aro retained.' The day iUelf also was conaeorat#i by His resurrection, b.io^ tha firot day of tho week, to be the Caruiiau dabbath. In these recorded tL- ouaislauces we tiad tin framework of tho Apootuho Caurch which was to become Catholic — Apoatolio comcui^ioa — Apostclic autLority— plehary luspiration— tho belief of His Church L. tua Father, Himsalf the Cbrifit, and tie Hoy GLoet— the redesmioi,' eacrinco of H::niie':t it? tha trua passovor — UL» reEurrccticn from tbe dt-ai— the power of bind. irg or loccjng siuscr^ — tha ministration of tho fcacradecti— the keepiiig holy tag hrst daj of thd week as the Lord's Day — tho unity of the Church concentrated in iLe company of the Apostles in that upper chamber ! Bit as His epipbany, after His birtb »t Bathleh^m, t-3 the Gentiles was deferred for a short interval, so the manifestation of Hi- Church, &s; destined to embrace all cations and languagoj, was post poned until the Day of Pentecoit, wliere, by tha visible descent of tto Holy Gaost, thd giit of jiDguagefl was poured out upon tha Tffelro Apoetlcs and whule body of b*jliever», together with the gift of discerning gpirita. Tuoy ware thus fitted to be the £vangeliitj of the world. This gift of tongues was at once f oliowoi by tha conversion and baptism of three thousind souu. The Apostolic ministry was then enlarged. Tha Apostles laid hands on the seven Dea^oa*. Tue Chorch had already grown to a great multitude of men and women ; but after that ordioation, the 'number of the disciples multiplied in Jerusalem greatly, and a great company of th : Driestowero obedient to the faith' A'jtivi. 7. Many of the Szieati/, too, whom our Lord sent forth after His apostle?, were still exerjijin^ thd office to which He had seat them; and we find — a.D. 41 — Saul and Barnaba3 bringing to the ' elders' at Jerusalem the alms of tha Antiocu Gentile Christians. No mention Li auy«here made cf their appointment by the Ap03ties; bat they were known and recoguaed in the Moth ji Church of Jerusalem, moet probably becauj. appointed by cur Lord. The history, then, of theie early days of thj Church ehows how systematic and complete wa^ its organization, and how thoroughly acknow ledged the apostolic regimen within it. Ta« record of the Evangelists U so clear thit it axcit^s eur weeder how aay critic acqiuctj-i with the New Testament Scriptures aad. dis posed to read them without prejudice cjuld attribute to Jame3, 'the traditioaa'. iirit Bishop of Jcrub.dem, the organization ani form of tjcvernEcut of tho Church.' 'ihe Church cf ELgland, however, 'reselv^s acd iccouiitd Cuncnical' all tha books of tie Hcvr Testament as they are commonly receive L In fiitb, theii, c; tLo authenticity and inspirata )n of the fccripturcj, Churchmen entertain a strong ccnvictioa of the duty to uphold aad adhere to that Apostolic fellowship aud Clutch to whioh Our 'Lord added daily tucli aa should be taved.' Bat while wo act ourselves on this principle i- I'Lurchuitn, we do not feel cilied ou to limit tbe bietfiug or grace of God, and we forbid no .e to woik spiritual mirdclca in Carist's nam ' because they fo'low not us.' I only wish ?..? show our Protestant brethren the real groind m cot RiviEj; then:, as we would with, tne 'rig :? band of fellowship.' With our coavictions «*?-? cannot bo false to Christ's institution. m Alcreover, there are iss'sea n j w rais j! in rega ? i to the h'cripturo3 and evaDjjelical doctrine on which the fad and authority ot tha Church .-. instituted imaiediately by Chri»t Huu?alf ara o- the utmost importance. Tae Anglicau Church ru-a in her 2Uth article ' that the Church i-f s witcets aad keeper of Holy Writ' fuatituted b\ Christ Himself on the day of H13 r9surrec;io it is iiideo-l ainiirably fittetl to record and to pr^ serve our Lord's owu teaching during tueforu diija in which he was seen of th3 Apossles, aa i Letrd 'speaking of tie things portainiog uut the KiD^ciom of God.' The living Churji filled with the Spirit at Pentecost, taught ' ta n form of soutid word.^, aad guarded it as a 3a:r-i depwit, atd delivered it t j tha saiaU It wx conimittcd by the 'Apo=tles' to 'faithfu men,' that they might hs able to teaaU othar^ Their divine gift cf 'dbcerniag of spiris?' etabled thsm to Biamp with authority four onh cutcf maay Gcspeis as auih'Mic aai genuiv-, which have come down to us out of a muh: tude. These are the four *re posses. To thit liviDg Chuicb, theD, tho witness and keeper o Holy Writ, under God's providence, we owe tir ccnon of tho Aac Testament Scriptures, and tic t\rm cf faith enco delivered to the saints, ah those 'faithful siyiDgs' which were the cato cbitm in morals of thj Universal Church. Now, sceptical writers either wilfully or igai rectly overlook this living contamporaneoua wi. net*, the Churcb, and t ry to frame from the meagr replduum which they call Scripture the hi3tor- of Jesus. In regard to St. John's Goepal esps cia:!y it ha3 been thown beyond all question, from the writer's irtfimatt knoiclcdgt of the topi giaphy of Jerusalem and hi3 thorough gra?p o: the' popular view of the Messiah among the Je ct, that it must have been the work of one wh lived contemporary with the events described and brfire tie Siege of Jerusalem had obiiia-atd tbe vestiges cf names and places. No Alaian diian Jew &t; the close of tho second century could have been so fimLiar with Hebrew ideas, and tuch spots as tho '''Sheep Market,' ani 'Treasury,' and 'Place of a Skull,' Golgoth ?. and it* ' garden,' Btthosda and its ' fiv= porchc?,' Si'oam and its 'pool,' when tua ci:y tad Ia:n desolate moro than a century. The reception, however, of this and the three Sjcoptic Goepe's, as well as the other writings of the New Testament, by the living Church aad its du}y appointed ministry, shows the value of that divine institution, and why in the Creed was confessed the belief in one. catholic and apostolic Church.* The life cf the Christian society or Chursh from the first hour of its being is necsssary it. order to authenticate and fully to apprthtnl, as well as rightly interpret, the facu oi Christianity aa they are reoorded; alts to stamp with authority the apostolic letters and Gctpels m they were written. 'We must suppose,' saysCanoo Westoott,' either that mea fitted by no previous training, assisted by no amihr coooeptio&f;, tnddm^j in » eruia of bitter disappoisti&eat; and desolation, created an ideal fact (ue.t the resurrection of Christ), of which at the time they ooold not have fcrai;eu the fall import; and then have fashioned their own lives under its influenee, tod moved others to accept their faith, and that all later experience has found in this creation— at best of pasnonate lovfr-the answer to the questioning* of sac ce»ire generations; or that God the Creator did in the fulness of time bring that ab:ut ty wilob. the life of the race tended in the guidance of His Providence, and from which it ha* drawn strength not yet completely appropriated.' To the neglect, however, by L lthtr, of this important article of the Creed, 'tho Church,' aa divinely instituted to be tbe witness aad keeper of Holy Writ and the faith delivered to (he saints, we owe the sceptical criticism whic'j now assails i he Bible. In hu Kving fe'lowship with tha .-pint wLich animates the Script'iraa, Luthsr, too hk&tily;, made his private feeling tie supreme arbiter of inspired doctrine aud inspired writirgr. But ' no Church can re t it' faith on such a theory.' While he depreciated St. James's Epistle and tLe Book of Revelation, ho on tha other hw.d called St, John's Gospel aad tho JSpbtle to the Eomacs the ' marrow and kernel of the Ntw Tt«tarnient books.' Even Beam aver, that it u :n:po:£ib!e to understand tho life aad death, of Jceus excepting frem the data of the fourth GcFpeJ. The ccmbined witness of Luther and Itenau, so diti'erent in their spi it and faitu, may woll outweigh t'ao;o critics tvho would caat out St. John and St. Paul. Ia contending, then, for tho writtoa Word of Gcd ard the saxinc faith of tho Go3pol, lha ttstimeny of tho living Church from the begin ning as the witness and keeper of Holy Writ u of tha greatest value. Ihe Anglican Church holds to this truth with all the tenacity of con scientious conviction. Wo Church uieu, there foio, w&nt; no self-styled Infa!iibl3 Pontiff to certify to us the Scriptures or Cresi or Moral Law. Tho priLciplo laid down by Vincent of Leiins ia suilidcut to guide us to a raasoiub'e faith ic the orthodox creed as gathered oat of Scripture. We iejoct as ncvel and uoauthorizai and unnecessary to b&lvation; thst which does no*, date from the fir^t, has not prevailed every wherj, and hss not received general asseat. In thii appeal to antiquity, universality, and coaseat for the interpretation of tho Written Word, we refer to the Liturgiea, Creeds, Canom of the Church in CcunciJ, and the writings of tha Christian Fa.hcrs. ' We thus prove all tbicgB, and hold fast that which u trcol.' It is, however, with to purpose of cin'rovsr3y, believe nro, that I have penned thaja ob=orva. vatiocs. My object has been to show our Protestant brethren the ground oa whnh Churchmen cannot conscientiously iuin with them in a common ministry and war h p, as we could wish to do. There would ari e a danger fatal to both. The Vaticanitst and the Rationalist a'.ike reject the testimony of the Primitive Church (the witness and keeper of Holy Writ) to tho authenticity, gonuinenesa, and inspiration of tbe Now Testament Scriptures. Tae Vati cacist rests on his own supposed iufillible authority ; tha P.itioDalL?t ou hia own indi vidual feeling aad judgment. It follows, nccordinjr to the principle affirmed in tha ' Church of the Future,' that each man may seltot his own Bible, make his own ?Jieed, atd constitute binnelf a Caurch. As far as re an is concerned, he is at liberty to do so; but we laust then be content to substitute Babal for the Catholic Church, v;hich bali3res io one Lord, holda 'one faith, one baptisn, oa3 Gxi and Father of all, who is above all and ia all.' Rather wbereto we have attained let us ba of one n.iad, and it may come to pas*, tdn-.u^h prajcr, patfence, and comfort of the Scripture*, that where we are otherwise minded Gjlwill' here after show us the way to greater unity. The service closed with tho benediction. 