NEW SOUTH WALES, (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, Sept. 22 There has been much talk about the Pacific Mail service lately. It is said that the contractors are already losing £5 000 each trip, notwithstanding the special stimulus which the Exhibition at Philadelphia has been gen to the passenger traffic, and which, of course, cannot be looked upon as a permanent thing. The captains are still complaining to the agents about the delay and inconvenience attending the "working" at Kandavu, where thick weather compels the Steamers, if they arrive in the midst of it, to put off to sea again, to be drifted away perhaps by currents, and have many additional hours of Steaming before they can return to the opening in the reef. The employment of these large vessels on the coast of New Zealand seems to be generally condemned even there. Part Chalmers is evidently not a suitable port for them to enter when deeply laden with coal, for the consumption on the run from Sydney is not sufficient to lighten their draught materially. According to Captain Ferries, of the Zealand is, there is a strong belief that the City of Sydney, which took this month's mails from Fiji to New Zealand, will be the last to go down the coast ; but there is a rumour afloat to the effect that the Pacific Mail Company are so disgusted with the whole affair that they are about to place their three steamers on another line, withdraw from the service, and incur the penalty, As against this, however, it is reported that the contractors have sent communications on the subject of a change . of route to our Government, and to that of New Zealand. The Postmaster-General, when questioned in the House last session, always used to say that, though representations had been made by the agents, the contractors themselves had not made any definite proposal that could serve as the basis of negotiations. This, it appears, has at last been done, and the matter is under the consideration of the Government The nature of the proposal is that the coast service and the working at Fiji should be given up, that there should be a direct service by way of the Bay of Islands and Honolulu, that there should be 12 trips a year instead of 13, and that the subsidy should be reduced from £90,000 a year to £80,000. To agree to this would, of course, be to make an entirely new contract and it is pretty certain that our Government will not take so bold a step during the recess. If the offer of the company is to be regarded as an ultimatum, the non-acceptance of which would lead to a withdrawal from the existing contract, the prospects of the service can hardly be said to be satisfactory. But there is not much doubt that the terms and route will have to be considerably modified if the \- service is to be continued. I mentioned the other day the intention of the Government to reduce the railway charges on wool and merchandise. It is understood that the object of this step is to meet the reductions on your lines, and to keep the trade of the southern districts within the colony. The Herald has suggested that before the two colonies commit themselves too far to this beggar my neighbour" policy, they should endeavour to have some understanding. You have shorter distances, but we have lines more cheaply constructed, and cheaper coal; and the question is, How far is competition by the reduction of charges to be carried ? If every reduction on one side is to be followed by a redete tion on the other, simply because the rival Governments have each the public revenue from other sources to fall back upon, and bankrupt railway enterprise can be kept going by the support of heavy ad valorem duties, or the proceeds of land sales, where is the or the proceeds of land sales, where is the t process to stop 1 There will shortly be a fine scramble amongst the free selectors, whether bona-fide or speculative, for the Yanko Reserve is to be thrown open at the expiration of 30 days from the 16th inst, when the notice of revocation appeared in the Gazelle. This reserve, which extends for a mile back, with a frontage of 90 miles along both sides of the Yanko and Colombo creeks, in the Murrumbidgee district, contains 120,000 acres, and was made to protect the interests of the lessees, who brought water by a cut into the back land, and rendered its occupation practicable. The work was done when the land was held under the old 14 years' leases; but in 186. these expired, and the land would have been open to free Selection had the Government of the day not reserved it to enable the lessees to reimburse themselves The general belief is that during the past 10 years they have done this apply. The whole of the original reserve, however, will not be available for selection, for the Government had to make arrangements to enable settlers in the back country to get to the water, and besides, it is said that the lessees have been extensively improving the reserve for some time past, in order that when it should be cancelled as a temporary reserve it might be permanently out of the reach of the free selector under the provisions of the act, which except improved lands from conditional purchase. There was a reference in Vic _/i/«s some- time back to the vigour that was being in fused into our immigration policy. It would be more satisfactory to us if we would see clearer evidence of it, but Mr. Robertson is directly opposed to immigration supported by the proceeds of taxation, and though he admits that it is legitimate to apply a portion of the land sales revenue for the purpose, he is oppressed by a fear lest he should create a disturbance in the labour market. Mr. Stuart, too, has described a judicious immigration policy no one that would fill up vacancies. A really vigorous and systematic > policy, that would stimulate enterprise and re > duce the burden of the public expenditure by i making each year a large and palpable increase in the population, is hardly to be thought of. A new code of regulations has, however, been issued, and it is fair to admit that it is in several respects framed on broader principles than the old one. The contribution required for intending emigrants in the United Kingdom and Ireland, or from friends here who would nominate them, is reduced to £2 for each person between 12 and 50 years of age, and £1 for each child between three and 12 coming out with its parents. The deposit before was at the rate of £5 for every statute adult. Immigration is to be promoted not only from Germany, as before, but from the continent of Europe and from the eastern part of the United States, (Asiatics excepted) in specified proportions, as -"(--"9-12, cornered by immolated agent.. and subject to approval by appointed agents. -Free passages by rail or steamer are to be given to immigrants during three days after their arrival in Sydney, it they wish to go into the country. The old rules, however, offered assistance to small working capitalists, and this class is left out of notice in the new ones. On Wednesday, the ceremony of officially opening what is now called the Robertson Basin, at Kiama, was performed with appropriate festivities. There was a banquet" in the evening, at which the Ministry was toasted, and though Mr. Robertson spoke with his native modesty, Mr, Dalley distinguished himself with very questionable taste by satirising Mr, Parkes, calling up from its repose the Kiama ghost, which everybody thought had been laid peacefully years ago, and by making a sort of reply to Mr. Parkes' speeches on the Hunter, two months back, There is no doubt that Mr. Parkes exposed himself to ridicule by his remarkable proceedings when the Duke of Edinburgh was shot, and the mysterious way in which he hinted at a discovery to which the norms of the Kiama ghost has been given. No one will deny the absurdity of his producing that wonderful letter from Earl Russell at the Murrurundi public School meeting, But the letter had some connexion with the subject of the meeting at which it was read, and that is more than Mr, Dalley could say in excuse for scraping together dirt at a dinner table. The fact is, that at one of his meetings, when he lectured on the political) situation, Mr, Parkes hit the Ministry so hard that the blow is still felt. Hine Ulo Lachaume. But why cry over the Robertson Basin The basin itself is a little harbour about three acres in extent, with a depth of 19ft. at ordinary low tide, excavated in the trap-rock and it provides 200ft of wharf frontage. The first vote for it was taken in 1860, and, after many interruptions and delays, partly through the enlargement of Mr. Moriarty's original designs, the work has been completed at a coat somewhat under £80,000. The recent discussion of sanitary questions is not likely to be without effect. The idea of forming a Model Lodginghouse Company similar to that in Melbourne is under consideration and there is a movement is several of the suburbs to procure before it is too late parks or recreation grounds easily accessible to the people. This is a really urgent want, for the suburbs are rapidly extending in almost all directions, and in the absence of any building act to regulate the operations of landlords and speculative builders, every inch of ground is being turned to account Open spaces are being filled up as systematically as if it were an article in the landowners' creed that human nature abhors a vacuum, and unless something be done to prevent it, the next genera- tion will find overcrowding and its attendant evils flourishing in a worse degree in some of the suburbs than in the centre of the city. Whilst this process is going on it is obvious that the project of procuring recreation re- serves in these neighbourhoods is one involving a large outlay in its execution, and farther the difficulty promises to increase with every year that passes. The Government is being appealed to, and not without reason, for the Government has long been in the habit of granting recreation reserves to townships in the interior where Crown land is available, and it may fairly be said that the Government ought to have had foresight enough in days gone by to have provided more fully in this respect for the wants of the metropolis. The English papers are calling attention to the heavy loss caused by the waste in weight of live stock on the way to London for slaughter, and to the deterioration in quality of the meat through the cruel treatment the animals are exposed to. These evils exist here to a very great extent, and we hope soon to see them mitigated by the operations of the Fresh Food and Ice Company, which will supply the butchers with meat slaughtered a hundred miles away, and conveyed to Sydney in special vans by railway. Two of the directors of the Deniliquin and Moama Railway have lately been inspecting the company's premises, and it is said that they are seriously considering whether Melbourne could not be supplied advantageously with meat by slaughtering at Deniliquin, and carrying out a general system similar to that which the company here will shortly initiate. In the meanwhile the scarcity of really prime and suitable stock has enforced the postpone- ment of the proposed experimental ship- ment of meat under cold to the London market 