8 == The Immigration Question. 'AWlâged'from t¡i« S.U. Herald of Saturday.) A deputation of coal miners, consisting of Mr. -John Woods, secretary'of the Miners' Associa 4lon i Mr. W. Davies, ohairman of the Miners' ^Association j Mr. Enoch Davies, treasurer of the PT Minera' i Association ; Mr. Thomas Prioe, from the A A. Company's Colliery ; Mr. David Gar «diner, from Wallsend Colliery j and Mr. Wil- liam Laing, from the »Co-operative Colliery, ' --waited upon the Colonial Secretary on Friday, to inform him of the state of the Hunter River "district'in relation to odil miners and the coal trade, so that he might »end accurate informa- tion 'respecting the labour market here to tho -«migration agents for thai oolony. f , Tho members of thogdeputation explained that tho objeot of the interview was to lay be- töre tho Minister the truj condition of the coal, miners im tho Hunter River distriot, in order' -that the Agont-General land the different emi- gration agents in Great ¡Britain should be sup- plied' with accurate information. Working people had come out under inducements that they would obtain employment at from 12j to .X1 per day, and these rows were advertised by -emigration agents. Queensland emigration «gents had done so, and Ino men who had come out foundño work there, and carno in to New South Walesa to the injury M the miners in tbe HUD ter distriot, which Was already overorowded 3?or the six months endipg 30th June the men's work averaged seven dayl por fortnight, and as the,expenaos of a famiffibsd to be paid out.of the amount earned fronj seven days work in a fortnight it would be feen that the sum was .very smill. Thero h ad lot been a falling off in the ooal trade, bat the population bad increased g^muoh more'rapidly and to'a muoh greator ex- istent than the trade had. The averago earnings ^rjf the inen were about £8 W9 per fortnight or £1 17s. Gd. ptr week. In 1871 tho minors in the distriot numbered betwsen 1200 and 1300, and the output of coal was about 700,000 tons In 1&73 the number of men was 1450, and at the present time they|>numbered 2400. The «umber of men had doubled since 1871, whifot 'the production of ooal had incroassd to tho ex- tent, of only one third or one-half, Last year the output was 1,100,000 tons. Naturally then the increase in,the number of men resulted in a da orease of wages. Tho men pot Is 6d a ton more now than they got io JföTlrand they got out absut two tons per day|¡ Men who had oome out allured by the false information, bad blamed the miners bere for not lfjting them know what the true state of affairauras. The ooalmiuara were not opposed to a judicious system of immi- gration, for the .purposolaf bringing out people «f.use to the oountry, b$S they objeoted to the wholesale immigration proposed by Mr. Parkes There were not sufficient pits to supply more coal-a means of remedy suggested by the, Mmisjor-nor enough .shipping facilities, not an increasing demand for coal in proportion to the inorease of population. The miners ob- jeoted to contributing their share to bring out people toitako the bread from their children's ......u"_~u;.i,_" _i..i iii. r>__i_. -_L_ uiuu.iio-nuiuu mu «uni vu. jLur&'t, gouime would do Ia the ease of the New Lambton minors, the men bad on'y five days' work in a fortnight. The demand was not sufficient to induce th"ê~oolliery proprietors to put out more .coal. The miners oonld spare five hundred men for navvy purposes, if employment could be found for them at a reasonable wage, and the truok »ystem disallowed. Mr. Robertson said there was no truok sys- tem. Ho bad had the police-the best detec- tives the Government had, in every dircotion to ascertain whether the truck By s to m did or did sot exist, and tho reports werfhtthat it did not .exist. - Ç Mr W.Daviesaaid the eoalmiaarahad witnesses that oould be depended upon airthey declared that it did exist. At New Lambton something very serious waa going te result very Boon Three handled men and boys were working there. The colliery was owned by, or at least was io- the possession of, Mr J 0 Dibbs and Mr. G. R5 Dibbs There were some families at that plaee st the present time ia want of food The deputy foreman told him (Mr Davies) yesterday that there were several families there who were without food to eat. For tho last six months at Kew Lambton the avorage earnings had boen something like £2 10a a fortnight For the last thirteen weeks ending in June, the higheBt «um that was earned there was £1 4s lOd per week At the présent time it was worse. It was absolutely impossible for any one of the men at that colliery to obtain work at coal getting at any other eolheryin the Newcastle dis triot 'At the Co-operative Colliery, in plaoos whare there should only be two men work ing, there were three or four working At Waratah there were six working where there should be bat two ; at Greta thero were four working where thereahoald bo but two; ?¿and at tbo Borehole thero were more men working (jrfPaan there should bo. So that it was absolutely ^impossible for ariy man to leave his work at one colliery and go to another. A number of coal miners carno to the colony in the Star of India, .pd went iBto the Newcastle distriot to find -work, bat oould not get any to do Mr Robertson : Yon said juat cow you eoold give 500 nayvies from the ooal miners if they were to receive fair wages; what do you eau fair wages ? "Mr.^Woods said from 8s te 10s per day ' Mr. W Davies said ho had not the least -doubt that if the track system were done away with and the men reoeived fair pay, 500 of them would be willing to go from the Newcas- tle district for wages from 7s to 8s a day. Mr Robsrtson asked if the deputation oould give-him any idea how to disonver where the truok system existed The bast detectives in the Government service had reported that the eystem did not exist. Tbe Government were -very anxious to do away with the system if it 'did exist. The members of the deputation went on to ssaggrst that the detectives should try to get work among the. navvies. The poor men at work dared not give the information, for fear of being discharged Old hands had been dis- charged at tho Hunter Rivor Copper Smelting works to make room for new men ; men wero «onstantly applying to the manager for work and .«ould not obtain it ; and one manager had said he oonld get one hundred labouring mea for -every one ho wanted-a remark whioh Mr Uobortson characterised as gassing and tall On g Another manager was alleged to havo d that within six months a thousand had applied to him for work, some of them with tears in their eyes [ VIr Robertson : I never saw a man apply for work with tears in bis eyeB ] ""The complaint of the deputation waa that the working men were in greater numbers, ?nd had greater power -to carry oat ïyprk than s i , * i ij- .».< ->» ««. the mercantile in teresta, thagTfmgde ajfáDge ments,"to, .get rid _of. " Though they "ware moderately well paid for the coal they get oat, they were,not permitted to get out as muoh coal, , as they; could,- or as'; thoy woald ¡like to get. t ¡ Mr, Robertson : Then yoa say that you objeet to being taxed for the importation of people to compete with you ia your business. It is a very natural thing that yoa should objcot to this. I have never been willing to vote a penny of the publie money from taxation for the purpose of immigration, on the ground that it is not a rea- sonable thing to tax the people to bring more people here. I have always voted against it. I know moat people blame mo ; but'thM arc my views ' You are; however, in error in supposing that that is the ease now. The money applied to the importation of people now is money from tho sale of the publio estate. The money deri- vable from the publio estate, or a very reason- able proportion of it, very fairly and properly has beon used for the introduction of peoplo to oooupy and oolonue the oouutry; not for the purpose' of lowering the rate of wages or interfering bet treen the employer and the employed I do not think any working man can sty when we are selling the publio catate, that it is wrong to bring population to put upon the remaining landa-which would increase the sale and price of land, rai'o our position as a community, and, of eourso, reduce our taxation, beoaute'the more poople we have here who can welland profitably employ the land the less will b3 the jato of taxation on each individual If it be true, as you allege, that men have baot brought hero from the coal mines in England and t-keu into your distriot, causing the re- moval from their employment of workmen al- ready there, and a lowering of tho prioe of wages, then, I say ft is a matter of very grave consideration with the Government OB to the steps they should take ia regard to this ; but that oannôt bo applicable to bringing population to the oouutry for the purpose of Battling upon tho lands and generally improving the country. I take it,' you would not objcot to that. Mr. Woods : The majority is not opposed to a judioioua system of immigration Bat the i agents onght to bo fully aware of the state of the labour market with respeot to the ooal mines hero _ , Mr. Gardiner pointed out that the deputa- tion was not there upon the subject of immigra lion genorally, bat only in referenoe to the state of the mining community in the Hunter River distriot. ? Mr.' Robertson said if it were' trad that tho emigration agents had advortised false infor mation, a stop Bhould very soon be put to it Tbe Government did not intend to give any falBe information if they know it. Mr Prioe and Mr. Laing corroborated the statements made by tho other members of the deputation, and explained that at the Borehole (A A Co ) and Co- operative Collieries there had been a largo inórense in the number of men without a corresponding inoreasc in the output of coal, and that, consequently, there had boon a very considerable reduotion in the earnings of men. After some' farther remarks from Mr. W. Davies upon the destitute condition of some of tbe families at the Now Lambton Colliery, and the overorowded state of other collieries, i| Mr "Robertson said that, with regard to Mr. Parkes' resolution, whiobystated that not leas than £150,000 per annum should bo spent out of surplus revenue upon immigration, that, of course, could not be intended. Mr. Parkes was a great authority on constitutional government -at least he said he wa* A resolution was never passed in the words*' not less " than so much money^to be expended; it was always stated as " not exceeding " All Aots of Parlia- ment, all resolutions for tho expenditure of publ.c money said " notexoeeding." Mr. Parkes* resolution said " not less." That would mean that whether we wanted immigrants^* not we we must spend no loss than £Í50,000 per annum on their introduotion. Of course Mr. Parkos did not moan that. It was »11 very well to complain of' Mr. Parkes, but he did not mean this. Mr. Parkes had 'done more than auy other man in1 the oountry to stop immigration. We had a system here whioh waa working admirably, but Mr Parkes raised a ory about Roman Oatholio» cutting the Protestants' throats, and tho Kiama ghost story was got up, and the wholo thing waa kneoked on the head. Mr Parkes made a flutter in favor of immigration, but ho bad done more than any one else to stop immigration te this country. He (Mr. Robertson) had done fifty times more to introduce people to'this oountry than Mr. Parkes had' done With ro- gara" to what Mr. Parkes s^aid at Maitland moat people had a peep at Shakespeare sometimes, and they would find his ^Ilusión to a man in authority, who " plays such fantastio trfoks before high, heaven as make tho angels weep " Well, now, if Mr Parka, in putting forward the rights of women, having scoured the flutter of a few oambrio handkerchiefs at Maitland, became so elatod at the ¿popula* ity cast upon him that be lost his headland talked, bombastic nonsense, made the grossest misstatements, and spoke of judicial impartiality, he must be pitied. He did not mean it. With reg\rd to what the resolutions saidjln referenoe to spend- ing money on pablio wjorks,~it was preoisely what the Government wiro doing. Too oom plaint Mr Parkes mads at Maitland was that the Government were largely inoreasing the publio expendiure. So thoy had inoraaned it, for the purpose of publio works whioh in Mr Parkes's time, when he was in the Government, he used to put on loan Mr Parkes did not say a word about the loans inourred The Government now took these sums that used to be put on loan out of the land revenue. So they were doing a groat deal of what this resolution said, but they wore not so very foolish aB to support the view that thero should not be less thau £150,000 per annum spent on immigra- tion In faor, Mr Parkes did not mean it He had had an opportunity onoe or twice of bring- ing these resolutions forward, but he would very muoh sooner make a speech in the/pro- vinces, where there was no ono to answer him than in the Assembly, Mr. Parkos speke about the Agreements Validating Bill, and that was another thing ho found fault with in bis speeoh at Maitland. That was all very well, and Mr. Parkes had a perfect right to find fault ; bnt it oould not be denied that the bill was muoh bettor for those whorequired workmen («s it enabled tho employers to bring them hero) than any system of bringing the workmen hero at the oost of the publio would be j and it was in oonsequenoo of this law and this only, that the Government would be able to insist on the railway oontraotors hore carrying out their works within the specified timo Government con- tractors would for the future get a fair field and no favour. Evetything would bo done by tbe Government to pat dova the tjtuok system, ' :j aad Jo¿ iñikb.th* cootra'0yórícofnplyijwi.íb_tb'eir agreementsjrití.tha workmen. " _" " I Mr. Divícs remarked" the bill woola be the great.it curse, to the working- man when it was put ia force, bat the Agreements Validating Bill and Mr. Parkes' resolutions where not what the deputation had waited upon the Colonial Secretary about. Their object wai to prevent any further immigration of ioal miners to the Hunter 'River distriot, whore Bomo of the old residents oould not obtain employment and were in fact starving He had a pay-ticket repre- sen ting that the wages earned by a workman for a fortrngbt-amouoted to £112s. 6d. -! ' Mr. Robortaon said "that it was a very do lio ata business for the Government to interfere with tho importation! of people, honest people, bat certainly provision .should be made against bringing them where there was already a soar city of employment In a new oonntry, however, where there' was much land for the purpose of colonisatim, he did not think that immgira tion was indefensible Tbe interview chea terminated. 