THE NOVELIST. , A BRIDGE_j)_F GLASS, [Br P. Vf. HOBINSON, A.UTHOB OY AS» 3UDSB BíIIMTKa ; TJIK MAN FBOM ÖLASOOW, &C; , ic] CHAPTER LXII.-A NEW MATCHMAKER. It WAS late in the day when Clemant returned ti the farm, in company with Mr. Redbridge. Th< barrister and the convalescent had spent much o: their time at Atherby Court ; there had been rnor< explanations, suggestions, and arrangements, witt three-fourths of which we have no occasion tc weary the reader, To that which affects th« closing portion of our story we shall presently allude. Atherby Court had not been wholly deserted by the servant* when Clement rang the boll that morning; but the few who wera there had not seen the necessity, in the haste and bustle oi prax»aring for my lord's return, of an immediate response to the summons, and hence Clement had strolled away into the park unattended to. Clement and Mr. Redbridge, had o ven dined with him whom we shall still call the Earl of Coeds town-the reconciliation was complete, and my lord only wanted friendship and sympathy, and cared nothing for Iiis rank. Nay, he was glad in his heart that his brother's sons had started into life at his side, and that the distant cousins, to whom ho never spoke, wera for over shut away from a chance of inheritance. Ho was as anxious in that hour to do justice as he had boen to keep justice in the dark when ii ia son was living; and now, with the Earl's assistance, the proofs had accumulated rapidly enough. As if there had ever been at his heart some grains of compunction at tho strange bargain ho had made with Matthew Quail, tho papers which Sarah Bennett had brought to Cold-Blow Vale hud not boen destroyed, and these were disinterred from their hiding-place, aud placed in Mr. Redbridge's hands, after the tragedy at Ingleness. Tims restitution had beon made, so far as lay in tho EUITB pov ir ; and one might think it an easy, task to drop the curtain upon tho peace aud rest which should follow repa ration, lint poace conies in G od's time, and not at man's bidding, and the rest for which we mortals yoarn is for ever beyond this little ball of earth whereon wo fret our lives away, Mr. Redbridge «nd our hero walked homo to gether. The barrister was particularly cheerful ; he had been successful in a friend's cause-for Matthew's cause was Clement's also-a great legal firm had beeu enlisted into the service, and every thing seemed plain-sailing to the end. The troubles were over, and tho good time had already begun in the mind of this mau who prided himself upon his nersnicacitv. " I dou't know that I ever was in better spirits,"! he said to Clement, " for I have helped on the ad vancement of one of the best fellows in the world -tho man who deservos his good luck." He clapped Clement heartily on tho hack, and jarred his weak' arm unpleasantly ; but- Clement was martyr enough not to betray the effect of the shock. " Yes. You have been of great service to the Quails," answered Clem; "and in my brother's name, I thank you." . " Ile has thanked me already, Clement-I would rather that you thanked mo in your own." With all my heart." Clement expressed his thanks warmly enough to satisfy any reasonable man, but Mr. Redbridge appeared scarcely content with them. " Upon my soul !" he said at last, with a burst, " I think that in your plane I should have been more elated-that 1 should have jumped more ! It's like a romance, but you take the whole thing as an overy-day iucident. You will excuse my giv ing way a little ; but it's a devilish cool manner pf walking into a fortune." " Was 1 not excited enough this morning when I thought that Matthew was going to be kept out of it?" " Well, yea-you were warmer then." "I was hard ou the poor old fellow. "Nota bit. It did him good; pulled him to gether, and kept him from jibbing. Ile has jibbed a little, principally because he was afraid of you ; but we are all right now. And," added Red bridge, reproachfully, " you are really not as lively as you should be under the circum stances." "My dear Redbridge, do you want me to dance-to liing my hat into the air, and cry 1 Hurrah ?" " Either would be quito appropriate to the new position of affairs," replied the barrister. "Upon my honour, Fanny was more pleased aud excited than yourself, when she first had an inkling of the facts." "Was she, indeed?" cried Clement, "Ah! she's one of the best and kindest women in the world!" , " By Jove, she is !" exclaimed the barristor, in bis enthusiasm. "A better, dearer girl nover breathed than my Fanny. I say ray Fanny, whilst I tttlto a father's place at her side, as it were, and until some one else has a greater right to say so." " \Vhi«h you think will happen one fine day, I suppose ?" . "I don't know," said the barrister, thoughtfully, " Fanny is not fond of society, and only people who know her well take to her, and discover what a dear little woman she is-ay, and even what a pretty face she has, when you como to study it. Still--" "Still-what?" asked Clement with interest. " Still she may not marry." . " No-exactly," said Clement, a little irrele vantly. The barrister considered for a few moments, then he said, sharply : " And I don't care if she doesn't. There are not three men from all my extensive acquaintance whom I would allow Fanny to think of." " They are sure to be the wrong ones-women having a bad habit of thinking for themselves !" Clement remarked. " Ay - yes that's true enough ; confound them!" ' I They were close upon the farra before Clement poke again. They had proceeded along silently together. after the barrister's last remark, and Clement had grown thoughtful, after the new manner which had come to him since his recovery. With his hand upon the wicket fence, he looked into Mr. Redbridge'a face, and said : " llave you had reason to believe that any of your friends- any of those three whom you have just mentioned-were inclined to-to like her ?'. " No,"said Redbridge; "certainly not." " Or she to like any of the three ?" "No," said Redbridge again; "it is for the favoured man to find out-not the blind oid uncle, whose briefs block up the prospect. Why do you ask ?" It was a frank question, in exchange for Cle ment's, and as the barrister looked kindly, but keenly, into the young man's face, Clement might have read the secret wish of the man's heart, if he had tried ; but he would not attempt the analysis. Ile explained, after a fashion, and not so readily as was his habit, and the barrister smiled to himself, and went up a few degrees more in his spirits. "Fanny was like a little sister to me when her father was living," said Clement, "and we are such great friends now that anything which inte rests her would naturally interest me." They passed into the farm together, whero a welcome was awaiting them, and where Fanny Hung herself into her uncle's arms, and cried a I little in her joy at seeing him, like a woman who had been overtaxed of late days, and who saw relief in his advent. " We have let the cat out of the bag at last," Mr. Redbridge said to those who were assembled ia the farm-parlour, and Mr. Grace, Hesbie, and her little girl were of the number ; "and Clement knows all that we have done, and all that wo are i going to do." " Voil have seen the Earl ?" asked llesbie, anx iously, of Clement. .'Yes." " And are frieuds ?" ' " I hope so. I know not 'of anything that can make us enemies," said Clmnent. : " Thank heaven !" murmured Hesbie. [ " You may thank your cousin for fighting your battle, too, Clem," said the farmer. " Herbie didn't think anything of her own chances when the truth came out; she was the first who told the Earl that justice must be done." "Let me thank you, llesbie with all my heart for Mat's Bake." Ho shook hands with her, and she looked away from him shyly, and coloured beneath his gaze. She wondered, as Mr. Redbridge had previously done, why he did not thank her for his own sake, until Mr. Redbridge explained all, with a little acerbity that had risen to the surface, and dashed hi3 high spirits for an instant. " Clement is all for his brother, and regards his own advancement with wouderf ul philosophy," he said. * " My advancement ! I am only a younger branch I of the house, and I don't see how thia alïects me 1" I cried Clement. 1 " The deuce you don't !" blurted forth his uncle.' " There's something to the good, in the way ol property as it is ; and when Mat dies-" *' Oh, father !" cried llesbie. " He must die some day, I suppose; I don't mean now-but whenever it is, there sits my lord, I take it," said Mr.'Grace, keeping to his argti I ment, without any respect to fine feelings. ' " No, he does not, Uncle Grace," said Clement, drily. " When my brother Mat dies, a long day hence, I trust-there shall be his children between me and the title. I hate titles !" " His children !" exclaimed more than one. "To be sure. Mat will marry. My next aim and objeet in life will be to worry that young man into matrimony," said Clement; "and if none of his friends will have him, by George, I will ad vertise him." " Im glad yon have so good an opinion as to the advantages of the married state, Clem," said Mr. Redbridge, laughing. " But why haven't you married before this, yourself '-" Mr. Redbridge knew little of Clem's past his tory, and how this random shaft would strike home to the heart of one woman sitting there. The little he had known ho had forgotten-his interest in Clem having begun when Clem was fighting hard for the credit of his brother's house, and the llrst love-dream- born in West Atherby had been dissipated. *' Preachers don't always follow their own pre cepts ," said Clement, laughing also. He stole a glauco at Hesbie, who had turned pale, and-was stooping over the child to disguise her agitation from him; but his answer, which she dreaded, was re-assuring, though it was not outspoken as her knowledge of his frank nature had led her to fear. She waa grateful ; it was even possible that she stole a look of gratitude towards him, when her little girl had strayed from her folding arms to his knees, and he was whisper ing amongst the golden furls and brightening the baby-tace with his welcome jesting. How fond he was ot children ; how very fond of little Hesbie -like the second father of her already, Fanny Redbridge fancied ! When the lights had been brought into the farm-parlour, Mr. Redbridge said to the young widow : "I forgot to mention, Lady Pounie, that the Earl wished to see you aud his grandchild before he retired to rest to-night. Indeed, so long as West Atherby is his home, he looks forward to you and yours sharing it with him." " I should be ungrateful to desert him," said Hesbie, rising. " Ile was always kind to me, and he is very much alone now. I have been selfish not to think of this before." "Wo shall see you to-morrow," said the far mer. " You are not going to keep away alto gether. Tuis is your homo more than that is, after aU, lass." " I shall bo here very often ; until everything is settled, I dare say,"' answered Hesbie. Clement had risen, as if to accompany her as far as Atherby Court; she trembled a little, but foigned not to perceive the movement. Was it fear of him-of what he would say, now that she was free ? or was there any memory of their last walk together under the dark elms, on the night he first began to doubt her ? Mr. Redbridge took tho matter in hand with an I officiousness for which Mr. Grace hardly thankei him. " My dear boy, you must not attempt any mop walking to-day," said the barrister. '"You are a white as a ghost now." " Ghosts are in the habit of walking after dark,' said Clement. " Yes, buc we don't intend to make a ghost o you," was the reply ; and so Mr. Grace or I wil! have the honour of seeing Lady Pounie as far as Atberby Court." He looked hard at the farmer, who gave a fillip to his ear. Mr. Grace was not fond of pedestrian exercise. " PH go, iE my lord isn't going to send the car riage for her, as he might do without much trou ble, Pm thinking," " I would rather not wait for tho carriage. It is not mino, you know," she said, lightly ; " and I shall be very glad of a walk back." Thus it was ari'augod, despite Clement's pro test, and Mr. Redbridge did not volunteer his escort again. Farmer, daughter, and grand daughter were prepared to depart, after many " good nights" had been exchanged. Hesbie's last words were to Fanny, as they stood together in the farui-gardeü. " It seems strange to be going away, even till to-morrow," she said. " This has become so much like home to me-and happiness seems to be be ginning here." .' For you, I hopo. ' " Oh, not for me ! I did not moan that," an swered Hesbie. " But to appreach Atberby Court," 6he added, with a shudder, " seems like approaching the old bitter lifo," " That Í3 over, and tho good times await you." "If Í could believe it, Fanny !" said Hesbie, in a passionate whisper ; "if you were a fairy who could lead me on the way to them ! Sometimes i forgive my jealous, suspicious nature, dear-but j sometimes I fear even to trust you." I "Trustme to bo the fairy-guide of whom you speak, if it.be ever in my^power, Hesbie," answered the other ; and then the two young women em braced and kissed as if they were leaving pach other for months. Fanny returned to the parlour, to find Mr. Red bridge and Glemont talking together of the future prospects of Matthew Quail. "Am I in the way of business ?" she asked, pausing on the threshold ; " if there's any law about, or auy secrets to communicate, I ...ill go." " No, Fanny, nothing of the kind," replied her Uncle. "You must stay here, and talk to tho, invalid, whilst 1 turn my portmanteau out for some papers. I suppose my trunk has arrived ?" I I "Yes. uncle." I ' " It's a pity to unpack, for we shall both be off to-morrow." "To-morrow!" exclaimed Clement and Fanny together. : " Yes, I must return to town as soon as possible; and you must nat desert the old boy altogether," he said gravely, addressing his niece. He did not wait for their answers. He departed like a man who had made up his mind to get into harness om-e more, and he shut the door upon the couple whom he had left a little astonished. Outside, in the stone 'passage, he rubbed his large white hands together, and chuckled audibly. It was his first essay in match-making, and he thought that he had managed very cleverly in clearing the farmhouse, and affording Clement and Fanny an opportunity to understand each other, and each other's hearts, if they were BO minded. He had given them a fair chance, and if they did hot avail themselves of it, why, the bigger fools they ! He might be mistaken in his theory altogether-he did not quite understand tho love affairs of his juniors-but he thought he was right, and he hoped for the best. He had given them a parting shot, a something to talk about, a some thing that any simpleton might make capital from, and they would not know till to-morrow that he had not quite meant all that he had said. He should be on.e of the happiest fellows in the world to-morrow, sharing in their happiness, and with the ricn glow of their felicity extending to his own full heart. This Redbridge was not a bad fellow. He was a man of the world, but he loved his niece ; and, if he had not liked Clement, he would have been as a rock in his way, even though Clement had been apriuce of the blood royal. 