THE CHINESE LEGEND. Under this heading, Mr Dixon describes how Chinese immigration, on a laigescale is conducted:— ' . ' JThe Chinese legend current in San Francisco is; a;little mid ; making the Chinese iii America a^mere gang of bondsmen, owned by the Six Companies, and governed by,/am Asiatic V«hm Gericht' MramdiiLodge," or Council of Ten " "who weld a secret .and mjatenous" power if 1 ™ 1 neither malenor female can escape! ^- ^7 ng ®? me <i , oubt the truth»f this Chinese^ legend, taken as a whole', wi fee i for light among persons who are biely to havr3 ferreted out the facts— pacers ofpohce and ministers ofrelision - - tat several weeks we search in vain The Clunese legend is iii book and magazines to,ask hńTSighbor M^r 3, that | current legend be toe or jAt length, by help of'Consul Booker, approach the .only people who have and perfect knowledge of-the facts— upper elass of resident Chinese. : . SDl a11 S rou P of rich and «ductóed Chinese ln-ing: in Sa„ Francisco, t l w t jp o y intesritj '> seemB tó tea min likely than' any other to give true t to plam questions. Lee Won^ appens, to liemnder ^obUsation- to on? e :CJonsiyl' jfor certaŁ good offices c ^nii^ou .with hiB business. He is Ottng to pay eome portion-M debt^ w by giving us anv infon,,,.: We therefore isk the Consulate. IJ' W to * pointed hour; and ^ ^ ments we seat him ™ „ , '"f"" 1 ' majesty of Quei;I1 y Chair . beam into his Asi,*;. lct °ria', •ace. yo Utt,r Lee Wong.-about the s 'Six Companies' y^^pO mistakes about these o P 6 '^» have, in fact, Fiv* c I ^he- body called W is a committee of m^ ^ C,^ tion, a local bodv charged with l o o k u p ? a " Pacific coast. The R™ P their seats in China, aadar!^ £ localities in which thP;r l0Kifcri-' These five Companies areJ" v 2\. Kwong Chaw - i n , YeP,5.1'ongW;, 3 T£ P e rail collect net the emigrants, can-rft nese fivecn,n,> ton and Hong-Kong ^ f ' ^ ^ ments for their transport j 11 on board the mails. The C' i'S- (or committee) sits in San P ComaTon their arrival, and to see ti. T'" contracts and obHgatioEf^^k W m you explain to us mei « and obligations i" ""dentin- " Yes ; but will vou p . our place, and see the trnt 1, j,', !" ridTe : Tlie Melicans call us heathenbn ' 5^*' our rehgion ; and our rd tlio MeHcan religion, <>Sv f™ to* 1, ' like and only when thev lj]-1 *' ligion is for while we livi a„'] 1,. Ul ' So, when the Companies man o ver to California, thai U, when they agree to take his Jp China, tliat is another thi™ y The agreement to bring him ,Vl, " tract; the agreement to carrr V back is an obligation." ^ Are aU your passengers - the same kind of boud 1 6i Not all. We have tffo chsliste: first such as c ^ u r f e and under bond to us : second pay then- own fares in Hon* i land in San Francisco free * contract with the first class onlv iV liave our obligations tovrarii ih T class also since we are bound t,"; them back m case of death." " T e V B how you begin vonr i'- 'K here do you find the pe,mla to/' over' The Five Companies send thtiiaup and down the provinces, liotli sea aud far inland, to tell imr are pinched for rice and tea, „f markets which are opening fnr theć ^ in California, Oregon, and ; course they talk big. Melican ti - Chinaman talk bigger than Melican f agents says the lulls are maJe aud the rivers run with g,Jd. tb-" help giving passes to such pcis.W« to move. They find aU means port : here by road, there h - doing things so well-haviiu.'ijtt- L rich men to help—that thev fc; to the coast in carts and" hraisV' money than he could get alon • «• For five dollars they pick Jii,,f„r, j. village, and carry him u. urnH.ćc-F-" If he is poor they take his bond fort five dollars, supplying his needs it --- and drink, for which thev take a bond. When he arrives in HOK-Ethey get his license and secure hiTbJ The fare is forty-five dollars, whirli-" they pay, also a landint; fee of five i ' wliich is repaid by the Steam ComPi onr Committee in San Frni These five dollars paid by the Ccci go into the Dead Fund." " Then, as a rule, each man rij a from Hong Knng to San Francisa sr merely a pauper, but a pledged detali bondsman'?" " Hum ! Chinaman is used to si a —he no care ; he work hard and sare money. Then he go free." ".How much, on an armie, i- ił amount of his debt when ho lini " From first to last a common psrpay his Company ninetv or a Lidollars. All this money "he will b work out." " Before he becomes his oira min before he can do as he like* 1 ' Of course, before hediL a-k he must redeem liis bmuls ' " Do the Five Companies m Chim his personal bond, trustiiu: to 'i. Company at San Francisco to w money back ?" ' ' They take a family borni as ic China, every man has some one-: uncle, brother—who is ready i pledges. We are not like Melicaiis. family system makes it easy to uUii; bonds, for every member of a fa tii; his place in a sacred line, asceudi: descending in a series fri mi the fjs; to the last. If there be houseand we take a lien on house and land, family giving us a mortg.t'e .rad alius interest at the rate of twenr.'-K thirty-six per cent." " Good interest!" " Yes ; it is a trade, and as a make it pay. If an emigrant h; house nor land, we ask the security of his father anil granfc" his ancestors being the most sacred a Chinese man can pledge. more "interest when the" securityc• <ł" personal ? Yes, we charge ten d.fe month in place of two. Vet the;a ties seldom faiL Of course ireruis risk. Our man may die : ivorst- 1 silL may fall sick ; worst- of all, he iiaj' mit a crime. If sent to gaol, liis w lost. "Again, his bond may tum oo But every business has a lucty a® liicky turn." " A man with such a debt ai J' rl scribe is virtually a slave!" "In Canton, yes ; in San Franc®' We never use such words, ^i® masters and parents. We receive Ji landing in to our two great societe San Francisco—The Wing Tung®."" Fook Ting Toną—where he is E over in life and death.'' What are these great societies a Yung and Fook Ting Tong!" | 'AVing Yung is our living ofc, the country jaiL \Micn the ship we bring'our people to AVing Vrni;. 1 we lodge them, feed them, and hm® out. Fook TingTongis our] in Laurel Hill Cemeteiy, where ashes of our people till they can K ® home to China.' i Do many of vour bondmen mn>w ' They cannot ruSTaway. Tbey^ food, no money.. They speak w 1 .-™? words; tlW-Tmowjio'Melican liu®^' Upady all t!i,- people in San Tnnfr think them bad men—paupers, rebels;iN T o family mU ^ Chinaman onless we give him<> and guaiantee his conduct Si f stay With us or die in the streetslet them out on hire, receive? ^ and giving them so mum >® hve on—till our debts are i'-uo !" About the second class-tte ^ pay their own fares, and account—are they LuiJing in control ?" , * Free from the Sixth Compn} - Are they free from all cor'™'- s * of the American courts! five Ł* 1 / They pay the Company --- as a landing fee. This tee m . , to pay, because they «® or ithontbur leave.' J, fTfeea your companybsrc ssw""" from Ho n S lt} „rer every man ^ Suds in tius port'' moral obligation to rets bones to China; so we tax him ^ i r l Ids landiug—;to be safe. fi™ Unless we give ive mm him our ^ certificate, ^ the toil Company will not let W } 1 ,l,ore Tliat contract is made, by wit h f e c ^ r ^ When a passenger has paid liis fee. Hat liberty to that leave he his Pald ship-but iUS fe not fli to « ^ e ' -Oilier cold or bonds. ' an eye on him afterwards, „mdl as you keep an eye on your bond- ^same. We keep an eye on every Who else would -care about his ont b "! 1^0u have your own police and maps < We have our spies and head-men everywhere. In San Francisco wehave many It is thought a good thing to be a a bad thing to be a ghost. A spy Srffl the Chinese, a ghost serves the Mclicans. By means of Uiese spies and Ld-men we hear of what is going on in Lrvhouse. We know every mahs name, . n(i Vhere he is, and wliat ]ie is about. It is our duty to fish out things. Even when a mail is dead, we have to find his bones and send them home. Knot, he would be buried and forgotten like a dog.' 1 Vour Company is said to wielil sncu secret noirers that you can reach offenders m anV place, and strike theni down at any moment, even under the .eyes of local magistrates. For instance, I have heard Hat two of your people lived near Reno, in tiieNevada Mountains; tliat one of -JMH broke some ride of the Six Commies ; that his fellow received a hint to 1J1 him and that he was put away so craftily that the crime has never yet been tj^ced. Can such a tale be true Y •Who knows ? Some Chinamen good, some bad. Melican law make bad men wri0. In Hong Kong if you kill a man, Tl)U will be hung, whether you have plenty iianevornot. Money makes no difference. In Sail Francisco, you kill a man; if you lara plenty money, you get off. Tliat is not good kw. Here, too, all sorts of secret societies are allowed. In China, unlv bad men enter into Masonic lodges : romies and rebels who want to change the dynasty and destroy the faith. These secret societies are all put down by maiidajins. Here the bad Chinamen start a lodce. We ask the Melicans to pat them doini. They answer tliat the law allowB Masonic lodges. Tiiat bad law. The Sixth Company has to put them down.' a ' Ybu seem to exercise the power of a ge Vigilant Committee i' 1 h So; we have no secret powers. We onlv have our bonds and mortgages, the sway which those who lend money have nil their debtor. All beyond is moral force c —and the two great societies of Wing m Yung and Foot Ting Tong. Cb inese our- J Silves, we understand our brethren; havinjjilie same religious rites, the same family d e Bailment, as the poorest followers of Tao and Buddha. Our chief authority lies in p our control of the Dead Fund. A man i irlio might not stop at murder, would t shrink from vexing a tribunal that may cause delay in sending back his bones to Hong Kong.' b ' Is such delay frequent f 'Yes for mouths and years. Except on oar certificate no steamer will cany dead men's bones, and some of the captains will, noi cany them at all.' * You have no vessels of your own. i' 'JTotyet Our trade is carried on. in English ships, and English sailors hate to cam* bones. It is no, part of their religion, as of ouis, to be buried on the ijiot where they are bonu' * Your people all go back T ' Yes, all good people. Here and there some Tartar rascals, having no regard for j s h i M k wb i d a a o their ancestors, cut their pig-tails and put on Melican clothes. Kot men 'but curs.; Except these dogs, all Chinese go back— when they are dead.' ' Still you are pouring in i' •Yes: more and more; each season' more than ever. Last year five thousand; this rear thirteen thousand ; next year traiiy- fivethousand—perhaps. In Melica, plenty land, not much people ; in China, plenty people, not much land ; so Chinamen like to live in Melica, and go back to China when they die.' 