Tasmania. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] HOBART TOWN, July 10. THE growing unpopularity of Ministers, of which I have previously apprised you, eventuated to-day in their resignation, and I don't think anyone is surprised at the course Ministers have taken. It has been anticipated for several weeks, and will not come upon the country with anything like a shock. The Ministry have been in office since August, 1873, and although there have been two alterations in the personnel, the principal members have remained in the whole time, so that they have had nearly a three years' trial. The country has never had a better Ministry, or one that on the whole has administered its affairs with more ability. Ministers have had peculiar difficulties to encounter, and if they have not overcome them all, or even gone the right way about it, according to the opinion of those who fancy they know what ought to have been done, it is because they have been fettered by the uncompromising opposition of a majority of the upper branch of the Legislature, and prevented from giving the country such progressive measures as would have effected a marked change in the present condition of affairs. I, for one, do not regret the crisis that has arisen. I believe it will have the effect of opening the minds of the public to the glaring absurdity of a few wealthy men who do not care two straws whether the colony pro- gresses or not, so long as their interests continue to flourish exerting such an immense influence AH they have done hitherto. I do not say that Ministers have been faultless on the other hand, I believe they have to some extent, hastened their own downfall by two or three very false moves ; but I am confident of this, that the elements of a Ministry, equal to the present one either in administrative or speaking power, does not exist on either side of either House, and that, unless there is a coalition of opposing parties, which is not at all improbable, we shall have a Ministry which for all practical purposes will be useless. At the same time, I question whether it would not have been wiser for the retiring Ministers to have met Parliament, and then, if they saw they had still a majority in the Lower House, as they always have had, to endeavor to obtain a dissolution. Their opponents are now denouncing them for being so cowardly as to retire just when they have brought the dispute between the colony and the Main Line Railway to a critical point ; but, on the other hand, it is pointed out, and with justice too, that if they had declined to come to any decision with regard to the payment of the interest on that line about which I shall have something to say further on they would have laid themselves open to the charge of shirking a most imperative duty. Had the Colonial Secretary obtained a seat in Parliament, I don't think Ministers would have resigned before the meeting of Parliament ; but as that gentleman was rejected by two constituencies-for I ought to mention that he sustained a defeat in his attempt to prevent Mr. Aikenhead going back to the Upper Holme-he felt called upon to retire from office, and his colleagues deemed it advisable to follow suit. Mr. Reibey, the leader of the Opposition, was at once telegraphed for, and will no doubt accept the duty of forming a new cabinet. He is a clergyman of the Church of England, formerly an archdeacon, and is possessed of considerable wealth. He has only hold a sent in Parliament for two years, and has never shown much ability as a legislator. There are, of course, plenty of rumors on to whom he will get to join him should he be successful ; but nothing very definite is known, except that the only Attorney-General he can obtain is Mr. C. H. Bromby, who was only elected a few months ago, and who has never yet held a seat in the Legislature It will be a somewhat singular circumstance if Mr. Bromby do take office. Whether Mr. Reibey succeed in his task or not, however, of one thing I am pretty certain, and that is, that no Ministry will do much good until there be a dissolution, and I shall not be surprised if Parliament, which ceases to exist by effluxion of time next year, be not dissolved before the close of this year. There are two or three questions of great importance upon which the country ought to be called upon to give a decision, and, I fear, that until that be done Parliament will simply be wasting time in attempt- ing to legislate. For the vacancy in the representation of Oatlands, caused by the resignation of Mr. George Wilson, there are two candidates Mr. Lord and Mr. Pillinger both residents of the district. The former is likely to win. Another vacancy has occurred in the Assembly, by Mr. Jackson, the Attorney-General in the last Ministry, having accepted the office of Solicitor to the Lands Titles Commissioners at a salary of CMG of year. The only candidate at present before the electors is Dr. E. L. Crowther, a son of that 1 Dr. Crowther who, as a member of the Upper House, has been one of the staunchest opponents of the Government, and to whom we are mainly indebted for the rejection of the public works scheme. The state of embroilment which the colony has got into, with regard to the Main Line Railway, is something that will be remembered for many years to come. Ever since the construction of such a line was mooted-or at Last since the memorable contract for its construction was signed-it has been a constant bone of conten- tion, until now we find ourselves in a quagmire of perplexities and doubts. We have got the railway, it is true ; but then it falls very far short of our expectations, and people who have travelled on it will insist upon calling it a " jim crack" affair, and saying it is not equal to a common tramway in fact, in to-day's Mercury, two correspondents call upon the Government to at once stop the traffic, because the line is unsafe. I mentioned in my last communication that the inspecting engineers had furnished their report to the Government, and that they had condemned the line, not only on the ground that it had not been constructed according to the contract, but because it Wim really in a dangerous condition, and that passengers were jeopardising their lives by travelling on it. Mr. Grant, the agent and engineer of the Main Line Railway Company, as well as the general manager of the line, has since furnished a reply, and it was published in all the papers last week. It is certainly a most ex- haustive document, and if we are to judge of its ability by its length, the inspecting engineers' report has not a ghost of a chance beside it but, after all, it is simply the opinion of one pro- fessional man-and he an interested party against three, and those three thoroughly impartial, so that it is not surprising that Mr. Grant's protestations and arguments have fallen very flat on the minds of the public, and that there is a general consensus of opinion against the line in its present unfinished and defective condition. In making such a statement I do so on the best possible grounds. Not only in private circles, but on public occasions, the question of the railway continues to be one of the principal topics, and there is no mistaking the opinion that is uppermost in the minds of those who know anything at all about the subject. On Thursday last, at a public meeting of the electors of Queenborough, a district adjoining Hobart Town, it was almost unanimously resolved vacancy having occurred in the representation of the district in the House of Assembly that the electors pledge themselves not to vote for any candidate who is not prepared to have the railway fairly completed before any further interest under the contract be paid by the Government. You will understand that the Government have paid interest during construction to the amount of nearly £100,000, and that, according to the contract, after the railway is in operation they are liable for any deficiency in the receipts of the undertaking after covering its working expenses, to the extent of 5 per cent, on £650 000 of the capital invested therein. The maximum would therefore be £32,600 per annum, but it was fully anticipated that, as the traffic extended, this sum would be reduced, and eventually the railway would become self-supporting. But, of course, if the contract is not carried out on the part of the company, it was hardly to be expected that the Government would fulfil their part and it is just on this point that there has been so much anxiety. Had any portion of the interest been paid the colony would have been saddled with a railway which, although it has only been worked in some twelve months, is in a disgraceful state as regards repairs, and there was a fear that the Government would prove too yielding and allow themselves to be entrapped by the astute general manager. But we are now rejoicing over the fact that the Government have taken a firm stand, and have resolutely refused to pay the interest, on the ground that the second tract has not been carried out This decision was only arrived at by the Cabinet last week, and it was notified to Mr Grant, and the corral spondence published in time for the Outgoing mail. The Colonial Treasurer, in his letter to the general manager who, having HI me time time ago received a loan of 3000 from the Government, requested a further advance, in anticipation of the payment of the interest, of £3500 enters at some length into the question, and towards the conclusion says of Upon a review of these f lots as set forth in the testimony of experts, deputed by the & w amnesty of four of the adjacent colonies, and having, regard to the notorious fact that in consequence if prevailing distrust in the time t the immunity in the safety of them in his , OMI j circulation of advantage from it is drip steel and must continue to be so, until the In is i instructed, equipped, and worked in cmf amity with the conditions of the contract, the Executive is obliged, though most reluct mily, t de la i acceding to our request for a f in the Binnum advance. Already tile disbursements the I lie a series of this colony on account of the main line of rail way exceed £00,576, and without the express sanction of the Legislature, the Government would be compromised by taking in a Additional payments in the face of price limits reports that the conc lay his not fulfilled its e attract engagements Mr Grant, in his-, reply, steps down from the high horse which he lies ridden for some time, and still hues the Government to grant him the assistance he take, more especially as, on account of the shrinkage in the cable, he cannot get remittances from home Then he int mates that if the Government are inexorably, the nile 16 must be closed and the still be dis- banded this threat had no effect whatever; the Government reputed then refuse i!, and we are expecting every day to lit in this traffic is suspended that is the position of affairs at present, and a nice complication it is, you will no doubt think Uheieis a general feeling of regret throughout the country and matters should have come to such a pass The advantages that the railway his already conferred upon the country are too perceptible to be entirely overlooked, and co en many " old fogies" of ultra connel Native principles, who used to assert that there was no necessity for it, and that it was only a waste of money, have been forced to the conviction that we have leaped benefit from it The traffic receipts for the last six months amounted to over £1,000, ii sum which far exceeded the anticipations of the most sane guine railway man 