^THE MYSTERIES OF \ CRIME; The Eehbbeekjes. op as EDnrBUBifflr Detectitje.— OSTo. XVH. [Published by special arrangement with the. Author.] McSWEENEY AND HIS GHOST. The man who figures in the following sketch deserved to rise in the profession^ but he didn't. No, like thousands more, he-' had his genius, or ingenuity, nipped in the bud at the: very offset. When I say he deserved to rise I mean tkat his first ap pearance in the Edinburgh quarter showed a portentous quickness for making tke most of a mistake and an accidental resem blance in features. Tke affair caused u& muck amusement at tke time ; but it may lose a good deal of tkat on paper. Though tke man's real name was Terence Malone* ke never after, till we saw tke last of kim, got anything but 'McSweeny's Ghost;' and notling could irritate or annoy my ckum mere tkan to say, ' I say, McSweeny, there's your ghost,' As I was tke primary cause of tke mistake, I must begin with, myself. I was coming up tke Higk-street one dark nigkt in October, very tired and foot sore, wken I saw McSweeney — as I tkougkt — kurry past ine at the outer edge of tke pavement. I turned at once, for I kad some important directions to give him for : next day, and snouted out skarply — 'McSweeny!' Tke man paused, and just as he turned to face me my kand. was on his shoulder — ? J u Wkere are you going now ?' I asked. The man kad tke same peculiarities of dress tkat McSweeney prided himself so much in — was muck about tke same height — and kad tke same red hair and wkiskers, tke same pimply nose, and skarp twinkling eyes — and for tke moment I kad not tke slightest doubt of kis identity. ' Going?' ke echoed, witk a strong : brogue and a puzzled stare. ' Tm not goin7 anywkere.' . I started at the sound of his voice, and peered closer into kis face tkrough the darkness. 'Are you not McSweeney?' I asked, not sure but he migkt be trying one of kis . detective tricks of disguise upon me. ' Turn your face to tke ligkt:' Tke man did so, and tken my mistake slowly dawned upon me. 'I beg your pardon,' I kastily put in, feeling a little f oolisk, ' I tkougkt you were McSweeny, tke detective.' 'No, I'm not,' ke answered, 'but, per haps Pm as good a man.' 'You know kim, tken?' I added curiously. ' Ay, an' you too/' ke answered, gruffly, and tken he turned off and I saw him no : more. In the brief glance at kis face I had dis covered two tkings— first, tkat kis face bore the universal brand stamped by erime—tke Cain's mark wkick. enables a professional ferret to pick out kis 'bairns' under any guise: and second, , tkat ke was a newcomer —a stranger, wko liad never been through our 'hands. But, in spite of iikese hastily gleaned facts, botk' iike man and tke curious circumstance rapidly faded from my mind. I certainly mentioned it to no one at tke time — people seldom do wken tkey blunder — and otker matters in a day or two com pletely kid it from my remembrance. Not long after this meeting, a curious succession of odd circumstances came in my way, tkat not only puzzled me, but wiser keads as well. * The first, I think, was in a broker's 'shop in tke Cowgate. I dropped in one nigkt in passing and asked . for a look at kis book. He looked surprised, tkougk ke placed tke book in my kandsand remarked — ' Wky, McSweeny was in just a minute ago, tke boy says, and ke said there was. nothing in it — notking but tke old watch you see marked tkere — and ke took that away witk him to compare at the Office.' 'What!' Tke word came out witk an involuntary burst, and I stared at the man in a way . tkat made him open kis eyes. 'Took it away witk kim to compare,' faintly repeated the man ; ' I suppose it's allrigkt?* I wasn't quite sure of tkat, tkougk of course I took care not to say so. It seemed very strange to me kow McSweeny, wkom I kad seen start for Burnt Island on busi ness only tkree hours before could have got back so soon, and been in the broker's half an-hour before me. However, allowing for; some slight discrepancies in time, it was just possible, and no more, that ke might have managed it; so I said nothing, and forgot all about it till two days after. _ It happened that McSweeny and I were coming; down the stair at the Office together, when he, for some purpose of his own, asked tke loan of my watch. I handed it over, but at the same time remembered the broker's story. ' By-tke-bye, what did you do with tkat watck you got the other day from Haynes in the Cowgate ? ' I asked. 'Watch? Haynes the brokei ?' he incredulously eckoed. ' What d'ye mean ?' 'I mean tke watck you took away to compare at the Office with the description the day before yesterday — the same after noon you went to Burnt Island.' He stared and stared, with a curious half laughing expression, which plainly be tokened that he thought me mad. 'Ah, Jamie,' he said at last, with a grin, ' I tould ye what all your hard work an your readin' o.t nights, an' your scribblirf at ' Curious Ca.-es.' aud ' Recollections,' anT so on, would Lriiig ye to. Begorra, yer moind's touched at last. Yell be in an asylum soon, an, when I come out to see ye, ye'll be tellin' me I'm yer great grand mother, an' that my head's all bald on the top like yer own. Jamie, Jamie, take the first bus for Morningside, and my blessin' go wid ve.' ' But I'm not joking at all,' I persisted, when I bad the 'laugh out, 'I'm serious. I went in about seven o'clock, and he said you had got it about half-an-hour before.'' 'Half-an-hour before— how could I be in the Cowgate and at Burnt Island as well?' he reasoned, a little impatiently.. ' If you're daft intirely ye need nt make jungside along' TOdyf. I could'nt cut mj w No^ but the broker said it -was you.' '?? «W*U; C*S was wiong tiien; sfor if he jbSif anything like hie it- must have been ^,'v.' 'Tour ghost?' '3 langhin^ly returned, y?f.« i^-headedgho^^^ whialrers, like Punches of iax)£-m^th^tV(W)jild' be ^some ?^v^ung.Bew^1iiegbdstline^bA,lia.ha!^ ? ' ; 3 **Ay, laugh away/* ;he grinned in reply, ^iurhing away down the clp§b°.to leave me ; '''« there's only one l&SWeieny; in. the, ^deteo , 'live line, en' m won't see bis ghost till He's -0«taMi-«li»4eiI».?:viv^iiV:-,.------:: .---i , *Don't beto-*Bure of that,' I Iwrater -°lnglTreturnea;r ^ «^^' ??? \ ~X* ' Se favored rig^jft^pnB'of h^expreisavB ^winki. \ c '-??~t--;j ''??? ':',._, ?'.i.T ( '. ,r ; .v-'f*'®«» an'ctbe x-ther . boys feave often -retried ta bother me widyer jokes; 'but i^smie, ye never failed worse than yefdid . bow,' and with this , rather equivocal :ire- : iiort he was ffbne. ^ ' *-.'?''— \- , v : Of course ty this time Iiiad laid it down in my mind that the broker, not M-3 weeny, \- : iadmade the mistake) ^and resolved to porrect it on ^be first opportunity. Ghance, _. Jiowever'/ kept me away from that quarter for a day or two, and even in that short lime the complications began to change ?? from the comical to the serious. A morning or ,two after, a number, of us were standing at the mouth of the pend, * when one who had been out the greater . part of the night before suddenly turned to ' McSweeny and asked — ' What were you doing in St. James's street thw morning at 3 o'clock ?' 'Me in St. James's-street!' echoed McSweeny, opening hia eyes to their ; widest. 'Yes, you. I saw you as plainly as I do now, was the positive rejoinder, *f only you seemed in a hurry to get out of the way, and took no notice of me.' , 'Me good laddie, ye must have been ?dreamin',' coolly replied McSweeny. 'At 5 o'clock I was in far more comfortable and respictable quarters — in my bed.' '? Ah, well, keep your own secret,' said ihe other, with a knowing wink; 'Iknow that I saw you there, that's all.' T 'Blood alive, if ye all go on like that jre'll make me belave I'm two detectives instead of one!' cried McSweeny, firing aip. ' I tell ye I wasn't across the dure from nine o'clock last night till half-past eight this mornin'.' 'Oh, yes, I believe you — every word,' laughed the other in reply. 'We all be lieve him, don't we?' ' Every one of us,' chuckled the others In chorus ; and in the end McSweeny .actually walked off in disgust, unable to ^endure their banter and nonsense. I smiled along with the re9t at what I I thought only a harmless joke; but in the course of the day something occurred that put all laughing out of my head. ' A lady from the West-End appeared, in her own carriage, and bringing her footman with her as a witness, and enquired for the Lieutenant of Police, stating that she came to report a singular and daring robbery \- that had been committed at her residence, ±he night before, by one of our detective staff — 'an Irishman called McSweeny.' As I was considered an interested party, and . McSweeny happened to be absent at the moment, I was called in to listen to her §t«ry, which was as follows : — SjjOV^ half-past 7 o'clock the night 'before her footman — a soft-headed young 1 'man, of that romantic kind who liaunt ; the society of detectives under the im ? pression that they are superior beings, : different from ordinary mortals — had been : ;? proceeding quietly along Maitland-street towards the residence of his employer, when he saw before him a man going in the same direction and peering sharply at the numbers of the houses, and, fancying that he recognised him as a casual acquain tance, he touched him on the shoulder. ' Hullo, Mr. McSweeny — what are you doing here?' he asked, with much reve rence, taking the 'detective's' hand, and shaking it warmly. The Irishman stared, but rapidly reco vering himself, said curtly — ' Business.' 'Ah, yes— always at it!' glowingly replied the romantic young footman— ** always hunting for those desperate cri minals. What a life you must have of it' Adventure — danger — perils — ah, how I wish I was you ! But you don't seem to recognise me. Do you not remember me being introduced to you last week and having a glass of beer ?with you at the tavern in Rose-street?' 'Ha! no — I had forgotten that,' said McSweeny's ghost, speaking with perfect truth. 'Bedad! an' I've forgotten yer Dame, too.' Mr. Wanklyn,' said the footman, to re fresh his memory. 'Yis, Wanklyn — that's it,' said JVfcSweeney's ghost with awakening fer vor. ' An' ye're in service about here, I s'pose?' ' Well — yes — I may say I am — at least there's an old lady here who has the honor of employing me,' said the footman with dignity. 'Ha, ha, ha! Mr. Wanklyn, that's a inoighty good joke of yours,' laughed the ghost, clapping him familiarly on the back. -' An' what might be the number of your house, now ?' 'This is it we are just comiiig to —No. ? ,:| was the eager reply. ' Were yott looking for a particular number ? Remem fcer, Mr. McSweeny, if I can be of any as sistance to you in your.prof essional capacity, I shall feel*honored to render it.' ' The very number ! exclaimed the other, bringing his bands together with an ener getic slap.. 'And the name of your mis tress ? — I beg yerj-ardon, I mane the lady who honors ye by payin' ye yer wages ?' ' Mrs. Jaffray,' excitedly responded the footman. ' Oh, is it possible ! is there a case in connection with, us ?' ' The same !' eagerly cried McSweeny's ghost. 'The house, the number, and the lady. Well, Mr. Wanklyn, I must see your mistress. If s a case of importance, and you can put the thing more gently to her by introducing, me — ye see ?' *'Certainly,certainly. Oh, Mr. McSweeny, if it's not asking too much, before we go in perhaps you might tell me what is the matter ? Is it robbers — ferocious burglars, meditating a descent tipon pur plate ?' ' Yes, it'a;robber»— -a rather one robber,' returned the , other, after a -moment's thought. ' Some ohe.ttubke toT victimise f .. ye, but we wiU^eljerbrehand with him— * Who ! I rather think w$ wju {' aM he nudged the young man in 'the side in face tious dabs, every one of which was thought a special honor. - 'To be sure we will !' was-the enthu-' siastic rejoinder. 'They little know that I, Wanklyn, the friend and companion of detectives, am in thV-house. In our first! interviewyqu put mer up to''a fe|v thjiigs' in the detective linef— such as silting |m; a dark Zoom and waiting; till the thieves; jump into your hands, and ? all . that— and L flatter myself that I have not forgot 'em:' ?-?-.-?« Ye*rte right, Mr. Waifldyh, iinpres-' sively put in the other, with a cunning twinkle in his eyes. 'Between us two well do something that'll make people open l their eyes. As a fellow detective, moight - I. ask ye if your house. is well guarded?: I mane the windows, shutters, an' diires.' A. fellow detective ! The words almost took Mr. Wanldyn's breath away. He managed, however, to sober down ilie pleased flush on bis face to a look of great gravity and importance, as he said in: reply -^' Mr. McSweeney, I regret to say that the fastenings are anything but satisfactory. Perhaps, after your interview with my employer, you would do us the honor of in-i specting them yourself ?' 'The very, thing I mane to do — that's my business here, or part of it,' emphati cally Tetumed McSweeney's Ghost. ' Ah, Mr. Wanklyn, what a head ye have ! It goes right at the heart of the thing. , If we'd only a few men like you on our staff,: the world would very soon be astonished,' and he worked the footman's hand in pump handle fashion so fervently that the other began to think he was in heaven., , i '' The world was to be astonished — by him, Wanklyn ! His head rose in the air, and he let himself in at the front door with the air of a lord who had already three estates rolling at his feet McSweeny's Ghost was shown into the library to await the appearance of the lady, and during the slight interval he took possession of -a pair of gold spectacles, -two ornamental silver cups, and a number of other articles of value that could go conveniently into his pocket. As soon as Mrs. Jaffray appeared he assumed an offhand, professionalair that at once allayed her alarm. ' It's nothing, ma'am,' he said — ''nothing to be alarmed at. I only want to go over your house and look at the shutter and dure-fastenings. It'll soon get the wind that McSweeny has been here; and after that the thieves will trouble ye no* inore.' As the lady had already been primed by the footman with a glowing account of 'McSweeny, the detective's^' fame and skill, she made no demur to the very mode rate request, and Mr. Wanklyn was at once deputed to the task of showing Trim over the various rooms — a task which he performed with much enthusiasm, but no great watchfulness. During the inspec tion, McSweeny's Ghost managed to get rid of him more than once on various pre texts ; and by the time it was over every pocket in the Irishman's clothes must have been stuffed to overflowing. Resisting every offer on the part of Mr. Wanklyn to stay and partake of a refresh ment or to report himself once more to the lady, -the clever thief got out of the house and' was seen no more. No suspicion was excited that night, but next forenoon the lady's spectacles were missed from the library — a search was instituted — and then to their horror the whole daring robbery was laid bare. The result was now before us in the per sons of the lady and Mr. Wanklyn himself, who, combined,, had given us these details, and now stood awaiting our decision, look ing, both excited and aggrieved. I ventured no remark, though, puzzling as the vari®u& circumstances were, my thoughts were beginning to turn very de cidedly in one direction. The inspector looked grave, and touched the bell at his elbow, which was instantly answered. ' Has McSweeny come in yet ?'' ' Yes, sir.' ' Send him in.' 'Yes, sir;1' and the policeman dis appeared, and in a moment was replaced b$r my chum, who came in smiling and rubbing his hands, which were blue with cold. ' This lady wishes to speak to you,' said the Inspector, retiring behind his books without another word. McSweeney smiled his sweetest into- the lady's face — it was certainly a compliment for an elderly bachelor like him to be enquired after by a lady. ' I'm glad to see ye, ma'am,' he remarked quite simply, seeing that she only stared in his face without a word. ' Cold weather we've had lately ?' ' He is certainly very like him,' said the lady at last, addressing the Inspector. ' Are there not two brothers of them on the staff P' ' No ; and the faintest trace of a smile lit the Inspector's face. 'No, ma'am — there is only one M'Sweeny.' The compliment appeared to please M'Sweeny, for he rose at least two inches in the air. f ' Then it must be he,' said the lady con clusively. ' Of coorse it's me, ma'am ; and Tni at your service,' put in M'Sweeny, with a delighted bow. But he received no responsive smile ; on the contrary, the lady favored him with a haughty stare that nearly froze the blood in his veins. 'John,' she said, turning sharply on Mr. Wanklyn, a Is this the man ? Do you re cognise him as McSweeny — the thief ?' ' Recognise him ?' echoed the footman. « Certainly I do.' 'McSweeny— the— the— thief ?' slowly ?ehoed McSweeny, staggering back and fixing his piercing glance on the astonished Mr. Wauklyn. ' Did ye say I — I — was a thief?' 'Most certainly I did; you know you are,' confidently returned the footman. ' You know you're the robber. Oh, murder, murder! Help, help!' McSweeny had sprung forward and seized the nose of Sir. Wanklyn in his iron grasp, and pulled and tugged it about in great swinging wrenches, as if it had been a lump of india-rubber. 'I'm a thafe, am I !' shouted McSweeny, keeping his hold of the nose and delivering a tremendous kick on the footman's coat tails. ' I'm a mane robber, ami? Take that, ye thafe of the world-^-ari' that ! lan' that fan' that!' and with every word |he kicked, and tugged, and pulled, in spite1 of every remonstrance, till I thought the yells of the footman would have taken the roof off. As for the lady, she only dropped into the nearest chair, violently jerking her lower extremities, and giving vent to a siic tjefflaon of tiny «cr^nw--whigh, wejce, - quite. llos$ in the. general din — preparatory to going off in a real faint. Finding words useless, I seized Mr. WanHyriL by the shoulders and tried to1 drag him away ; but no— still McSweeny stuck to the nose, and still the busy foot kept plying away at the coat-tails. 'Apologise;- ye double-faced villin!' breathlessly shouted McSweeny ; 'say I'm not a thafe — say it, or yell never have a nose to blow againi' 'You're not a thief,' faintly came from ths wriggling remains of the starched foot man. ' Say I'm a noble-hearted Irishman, and the best detective in the world!' shouted McSweeney, his demands rising with the occasion, and making another dreadful tug at Wanklyn's nose. ? ' - '.??-? 1:^Noble-iiearted Irishman— best detect tive that ever breathed!' screamed the 'ootman, and. then, .with a contemptuous ierk, he was .tossed .backwards - against his horrified mistress. ' There L The blood of the McS weenys ' was.up;, arid- I don't think you'll say it agairij-so F forgive yelroth,' breathlessly gasped McSweeny; then, 'turning to the Inspector, he made his lowest bow. 'I beg yer £ardt-n, Sir/' he added, ' but I was only^sseVting the dignity of the police. I* suppose I may go now.' 'Not yet,' was the grave reply, ' I am not sure, indeed, but I may be compelled to place you under arrest. I am sorry to do it, considering your character and the num ber of years you have been in the force ; but the public must be satisfied, and I have no doubt the matter will be very speedily cleared up.' McSweeny staggered now in earnest, white to the roots of the hair, and with something like tears creeping into his eyes as he fixed them reproachfully on the In spector's face. 'What!' he groaned out, ' is it possible, sir, that you believe I'm guilty?' 'I do not,' was the frank rejoinder, which drew very decided expressions of disgust from botn the lady and the crest fallen footman; 'but the affair is my sterious, and — I beg your pardon, Mr. McGovan, did you wish to speak ?' I did wish to speak, but what I said, though it took some time to go over it, was all in a low tone, and addressed to the In spector's ear alone. I had remembered my mistake in the High-street with McSweeney's ghost, and that, coupled with some strange tilings which had come in my way not an hour before, made me positive that I had not only a clue to the whole mystery, but a good chance of recovering the stolen property as well. It took some time to- make my case clear; but I was thorougMy in earnest, and succeeded in the end. After some minutes' thought the In spector tamed to our visitors. ' You may now go/' he said, with a polite bow^; 'good care- will be taken that the real thief does sot escape; and Mr. McGovan assures me that there is every reason to hope for the- recovery of the stolen property, which is-almost saying that it is in our hands.' The door- was promptly opened, and as the look of the inspector allowed of no delay, the Eady and her footman retired, each bestowing on McSwoeny a withering glance, accompanied by a* turning up of the nose that must have ghcen them a crick in the back. I: had novr a- great' responsibility weigh ing upon me' — to- clear- McSweeny and secure his double, as well as to save the plunder from; the melting pot ; and, looking at the, case as- 1 have given it, some may think the task by no means an easy one. Yet, though: there wa& alwavs the possi bility of failure, I did not anticipate much trouble. 1 knew the- appearance of the man I was. iii search of — I knew in a vague way the locality, he had been seen about^ and better still, 1 knew the identical! ' fence' he was likety to consult in the dis posal of his newly-acquired wealth ; and* I believe, but for one- curious circumstance* I might h&ve-had; the whole — the thief, the reset, and the plunder — in the office in? the space of an hour- at the most. But, alas ! such things are- continually cropping- up in cases, of crime;.- there is no gauge to the greed of a successful robber — no stay to his brazen impudence ; with the possession of wealth bis. spirits — lm courage — rise ; he ventures a still more audacious; feat as a last trick of the card, and — gets his wings clipped. While I was on the hunt, then, and every moment getting nearer to my quarry, two men were chuckling over their success in a dark ' ken' in Hay's Close. These two were McSweeny's Ghost — Terence Malone, and the 'fence,' to. whom he had trans ferred all his valuables for a certain amount of coin — a low wretch of Glasgow celebrity,' called 'The Crocus.' Now, Terence having made a hit, and expecting trouble to follow, had all the money in his packet — all his luggage (his clothes) on his back — and a clear road before him for other quarters. He intended to leave the city, and might have done so, but for a brilliant suggestion of 'The Crocus.' 'What would you say to stripping McSweeny's house before he gets home to bis dinner ?' he said, in the midst of one of their merry bursts. i( It would be one of the best jokes ever heard of — tell his sister you're McSweeny's cousin, or something — strip the house — HI fence the swag and give ye full value— and then ye can hook it away just the same. It wouldn't take ye half-an-hour.' 'Til do it/' said Malone, jumping at the idea in a moment. 'And if tbat doesn't take the bounce out of them, I don't know what will. The prigs of the United King dom should join and give me a medal if I manage that,' and then they laughed till the roof echoed again. Reader, you've seen moths playing round a candle ? Well, it was just at if one moth had said to the other, „' Come on, and let us have some more fun round this beautiful light.' Wnether they were destined to be burnt or not, will very quickly appear. McSweeny's ghost, instead of slipping quietly out of the city, turned down by St. Mary]8 Wvnd; and soon reached McSweeny's stair in tne Pleasance. He paused as he reached the door, and listened intently. Though quick in decision, he was still any thing but rash, and he knew too well that time was wearing on a pace towards McSweeny's dinner hour; and he had no wish to thrust his nose into the lion's den — with the lion at home. A savory smell came wafting through the chinks of the door that made him lick his lips involun tarily, and brought forcibly to his mind the fact that he himself had not yet dined. ? ' I am just ia time,' -to mutt^jed, ydths,^ sigh of satisfaction, w he detected nd sounds but those ; of a woman flitting to anc fro. 'It'll make the joke all the better if I eat hid dinner as well.'' '' ''- He gave a bold, sonneting knock, and the door was opened bV McSweeny's, sister. 'How are ye, '. Honor ???. hefsaid, with an impudent grin, offering her his hand. She stared in his face m«mazeinent. ' Sure, I'm : well,' she- answeredvat last. ' But I don't know you ?' \\\ v£ . '^That's no wonder,' he coolljr returned, taking her hand and shaking it in' a ^patro nising way — ** no wonder at all, seein' ye never set eyes on me before. Sure} I'm1 your cousin Terry.' Jj;* ' My cousin ? Well, that's strongs,' she said, with! the utmost TjmplicitjS; '?'' rTfever heard of you' before/ Come in— come in, my brother Barney 'ill? fee in: -iniwerity minutes or so ; but I never heard Mm spake Qfye' ... ' *Tve just seenldm up at the office, ari he sent me here,1' was the unblushing reply: ' He scarcely knew me either. You see; Honor, I'm come all the way f rojn Americy^ an' I want to see all^my friendsruan' spend some of my money among them afore I go back again.' - ' WellT now that I look at ye, Cousin Terry, you're as like Barney as two peas,' returned Honor, with her faint doubts all gone. 'Tin afraid, though, you'll think U3 mane, for there's not a drop in the house to set afore ye, and there's nobody I can send.' 'Never mind, Honor,' replied the thief, producing his purse with the air of a lord ; 'ye shan't spend any money on me while Cm wid ye. See, there's, half-a-crown— run down yerself to that shop — that shop in the Cauongate that I used to hear tell on that keeps the good whisky — and get a bottle foment Barney coming home.' 'The Canongater' wonderingly echoed Honor ; ' sure, that's a long way, an' he'll be in afore I get back;' ? ' Never mind that — it'll be all the better a, surprise for him,' hurriedly ; replied the impostor, in a fever of impatience to get rid of her. 'Nevermind- dressing — just run as you are— it won't take ye two minutes.' 'Two minutes!' echoed Honor. 'I don't know how ye run in Americy, Cousin Terry, but here it takes us five minutes to go down to that shop, and the same to uome back, and it's considered quick walk ing, too.' 'Ah, well — Fv& no doubt ye'll be back as soon as I want ye,' said the thief, with a grin. 'There- don't mind me ; I'll make myself comfortable till ye come,' and he planted himself by the fire, in McSweeney's chair, as naturally as if he had been a fixture there for years, while she tugged on her bonnet and hurried out with the- bottle under her shawl, leaving the outer door slightly ajar. The moment her flying footsteps had died away, the thief sprang up and with nimble fingers, and' at swiftness and skill that could only have- resulted from long practice, ransacked every corner, box, and drawer in the house-. lie- was pretty suc cessful on the whole-, and though he had at first intended to take only money and valuables, he was soon induced to change his mind, and had- soon made up a very decent- sized bundle-. This he laid down, while he pocketed* the more portablemoney and valuables — chuckling particularly ;over one-prize, which he thought might prove a complete mias- of wealth in future swindles, a little staff of polished ebony, surmounted with a silver crown — McSweeny's badge of authority, which he had that day by mischance left at home in the pocket of one of his waistcoats. All this accomplished, he was about to lift the bundle and decamp,, when by some unlucky chance his. eye fell! on the dinner in front of the fire^ — a nice little bit of meat roast ing, with a batter pudding underneath. 'It w©uld be a sin to pass that,' he said, dropping the bundle; and in a twinkling he had it on the table and dished in a pri mitive way., with knife and fork and other accessories, which he picked up as best he could. Not st moment had been lost ; for the meat had become a mere polished bone, and half of the pudding was already gone, when, happening to take a breath and raise his eyes, he- saw in the open door- a figure that made him jump to his feet as if he had been shot. ' McSweeny, meditating on the griefs and cares of the day, had softly ascended the stair, entered by the open door, and reached the kitchen, only to be staggered — com- pletely taken aback — by beholding, seated at its table and devouring /Us dinner, a liv ing representation of himself! For a mo ment the two men stared at each other in blank amazement and silence, and certainly it would have puzzled a philosopher to have decided which of the two was the more petrified or alarmed. McSweeny's alarm and astonishment, of course, arose from the fact that he had never seen his ghost before; and the other might well look petrified on being taken so suddenly down in the zenith of his success* The impostor, though, as might be ex pected was the first to find -his tongue; and his words actually, for the moment, set McSweenv's brain reeling. ' Well ?' shouted the thief, putting on a ferocious look to, ©over his brazen impu dence. 'What the d— — 1 do you want in my house.' 'Your house ?' faintly returned McSweeny. ' It's surely not your house, I think it's my house.' ' Do you ? Then the quicker you change your mind the better. Out ye go — quick !' and the thief brought the end of liis fork down Tfitfe an imperative thump on the table to enforce his command. But it so happened that at this moment McSweeny's eye caught the disordered state of the house as well as the great bundle lying at the man's feet ready to lift, and he woke as from a dream to the real state of affairs. 'Why, ye owdacious rogue — ye infernal petrifaction of a thafe!' he burst forth. 'Is it possible that ye've been tryin' to rob meT 'Rob you?' sneered the other, with amazing coolness. 'More likely you've come to rob me — get out, or J Til take ye up. I'm McSweeny, the detective.' ^|' Ye're what?' cried McSweeny, staiting back. ' Ye blasted, red-haired sinner ! this is my house, and I mane to take you up, though I should never collar another!' and . with a spring he was at him, and after a brief struggle managed to handcuff one of his wrists to his own. Then locking the door of the house, he got down to the street with his. prisoner and made for 'the.. Office ia -fouUe-quidc tiaw« ^ But the impostor was not done yet; Scarcely had they reached tbe- head of Drummond-street, when a policeman — » new hand, and rather green— hove iff sight,; and was instantly hailed by McSweeney'a Ghost, who at the same moment produced! a handcuff key from his pocket — part of the* booty— and began unlocking his link of the bracelets. ' Here, you-*' he cried, sharply and authoritatively, 'take this man to the Office, while I go- and look 'after the plunder*.' ' MclSweeny stared, utterly dumbfounded by this new move, but recovered his voice when he saw the handcuff being snapped on the wrist of the policeman. 'Stop! stop! Secure this man!' he shouted, making at grasp* at the impostor. 'He is the thief. 'Ye great ouhmadhoun, don't ye know me? — Via McSweeny, the detective.' The policemaar stared belplessry from the dne to the other, not sure wirich to believe. 'Tve Heard of McSweeny, but I don't know him yet by sight,' he said, with hesi^ tation, and in a moment- the impostor took him up. . . i '??'' .; j'.Ye've heard of McSweeny ?' he said, with a look of delight; 'sure, that's me, afoTiiow ye'll knowme again.' Take that man away — T- command ye in*: the Queen's name!' and with- a great flburish he whipped McSweeny's little ebony/ staff of authority from Ms pocket and. held it before the policeman's eyes. ' If ye caat believe me, ye can believe that. Refuse- atyer own peril.' McSweeny's eyes opened-to their widest, and his grasp relaxed as he staggered back, and his mouth opened and jerkedi convul sively; but not one word could he force out. The impostor smiled, and touched his own brow significantly to the policeman with his finger as he turned away; ' I see you guess the truth,' he- coolly remarked. ' He is mad — mad as- a March hare. Take him away; but see that he does not escape, for he is a most daring thief.' At this moment— that is, just as- these words were being uttered — it happened that I, having so far succeeded in my mis sion as to secure the reset and the plunder, and to trace the thief to McSweeny s house, came sharply up Drummond-street, and in stantly sighted the crowd gathered round McSweeny and his ghost. I.hustledthrough at once, and the moment McSweeny's eyes lighted on my face he uttered a shout of delight that might have been heard down at the Tron Kirk. ; ' Jamie, Jamie ! ' he cried, in a despairing burst, again grabbing at the impostor, ?** tell me which of us is McSweeny. — tell me quick ! for I begin to ; think Fm mad, an' nave forgotten who I'anii' * McSweeny's face would have, been a for tune on the stage, for it always looked most comical when he was most solemnly' in earnest, and as these words fell on my ear I laughed long and heartily. The whole position flashed upon m&\- at a glance ; but as I had not forgotten his remarks about Momingside, I determined to .have at least one dig at him- in. return. JPulling on a long face, I appeared* to ? scan the two faces long and earnestly-, and then laidmyriand on the arm of the impostor — and kept it there. . . 'This is McSweeny,' Igravely answered, and then, in the sternest tones I1 could assume, I added to McSweeny, ' as- for you, you are a vile impostor, called Terence Malone. I have already secured your fence. 'The Crocus!'—- here the arm of f the impostor trembled in? my grasp — ' the swag hasallgone up to. the Office and he along with it, and now I find you — you, the thief — here, mad, insane — actually be lieving that you are my chum McSweeny. I think the best thing we coujd do,' I added, addressing the impostor, 'would be to hail the first 'bus for-Momingside- and take him ant there. What dayou think ?' But the impostor did not seem to have any thoughts on the matter. He cowered and shrank, and altogether seemed to give it up for a bad job^ which, after, a moment, McSweeny was quick enough to notice, along with, perhaps, a slight twinkle of mischief in my eye. I. got a big punch in the side from my chum's disengaged hand, as he discovered the- trick, and burst into a laugh, and then I set him free, and we took the other to the Office and relieved him of the plunder. ' The Crocus ' was already there, with all Mrs. Jaffray's. effects but the gold rims of her spectacles, which were never re covered, and shortly after the precious pair went to prison for three years a-piece. The old watch of the broker, and a number of other stolen articles, were found among the plunder and duly returned to their owners. But I need scarcely add that it was years upon years till we heard the last of McSweeney and his ghost. 