Music and the Drama. Tho facts not otherwise lhan here set down.-SHERIDAN- KNOWLES. ALL I have seen or heard during the past fortnight confirms the fact that the company of Operatic Artistes now performing at the Victoria Theatre, have done remarkably well in a Lysterian point of view. Musically also, with some exceptions, their success j has been fully equal to their merit, although the gap left in tho company by the absence of Mr. E. Farley, even the great Kitts himself cannot satisfactorily fill. Necessarily therefore the burden of thc song or songs has f»llen upon the lady members of the companv, and Miss Emilie Melville, as Maritana, the Duchess of Gerolstein and La Catarina, by no means diminished the number of ber admirers or her own reputation. Miss Clara Thompson, second only in name to the reigning sovereign iu the Victoria Company, and Miss Jeannie "Winston, have each done much to maintain the success of the season, the latter, in Auber's Opera of the " Crown Diamonds," produced on Monday last, being clever enough to obtain the only encore of tho evening. Mr. Bracy, whether as actor, singer, or stage manager is entitled to unqualified commendation. Mr. Armes Beaumont has unfortunately boen subjected to fluctuation of voice, detracting from tho merit aud 1 power of his vocal efforts, but is always warmly applauded. Mr. Templeton does his utmost, not un successfully, with tho mu»ic entrusted to him. Mr George Leopold once more exhibited his great talent as a buffo actor in the character of Cabriolo, in the " Princess of Trebizonde." The artistical and scenic effects have been as customary at this theatre, tole rably perfect in the one sense, and very effective in tho other. So far the season has betn ono of unin terrupted prosperity, necessitating the proclamation, " no money returned." I wonder who expected there would be auy " money returned." The Exhibition Concerts, under the conductorship of Mr. AV. G. Broadhurst, attracted large numbers to the Exhibition building, additional hit-rest being given to them by the debut of Miss Mario St. Clair, a pupil of Miss Lucy Chambers; Miss St. Clair possesses a mezzo soprano voice of considerable power and tone in the lower register, aud tho manuer in which sbo executed tho songs "set down" for her, gave positive evidence of intelligence nud talent on the part of the pupil, and skill iu instruction on tho part of her tutoress. No real judgment of-a vocalist's power can bo correctly formed at an "Exhibition Concert," the disturbing in ilueoccs aro too busy at work to give one voice, no matter bow good or powerful, a fair opportunity of display. Miss St. Clair was warmly applauded for her singing by those who crowded the only space available for "auditorial" purposes. Mr. Andrew Fairfax sang several of hiB popular Bongs, with thc " sangfroid" and power to which Sydney audiences are well accustomed. Tho bands, under Mr. W.G. Broadhurst, playod vigour ously and well, with occasional eornettorial lapses, and were applauded for their commendable exertions. M. de Croix repeats his wonderful wire-walking perform ances between tho parts of the concert, mado addi tionally effective by tho lime-light effects managed so cloverly by Messrs Í. J. Bown and Co. From tho Theatre Eoyal I cannot permit Mr. G. D. Chaplin to rotiro without stating that ho won his most perfect Shaksperian triumph in the arduous character of Hamlet. In this wonderful creation Mr. Chaplin proved himself literally an actor, who could " hold tho mirror up to nature." "Without rising to tho sublime height reached by genius alone in this character, Mr. Chaplin grasps it, as a whole, with far more consistency than many who havo played it to j larger, though not more appreciative, audiences. That it told well upon the people was proved by thc increased attendance upon its repetition, and had it been played earlier in the season it would have drawn still greater numbers I do not doubt. Miss TillyAndrows deserves much commendation for the evident caro and intelli gence displayed in tho character of Ophelia. This lady has boen heavily tasked during Mr. Claim's engagement, and has uniformly exhibited increasing talent. Mr. W. Andrews, as tho Gravedigger, was j a Shaksperian clown, and amusing by his quaint delivery of the lines. Mr. AV. J. Holloway, still improving, played Laertes and the "player king" very carefully and intelligently. Mr. J. "W. West and Mrs. E. Holloway wero tho King and Queen in costume ; would I could say in dignity and intelli gence also. Mr. J. G Joyce evidently woll understood how to deliver the speeches, but lacked tho importance attached to his office in his representation of the part of Polonius. Mr. H. Douglass played " Ghost" with greater intelligence than he occasionally evinces, and was appropriately dressed in " completo steel," made less effective by its green tarleton envelope. On Monday night week an immense audi ence assembled to witness the appearance of Signor Eduardo Majeroni in the drama of the " Old Corporal." Additional interest was excited by its being the Signor's first performance in English, broken of course. That an actor performing Holofcrnes to Histories Judith, ns Signor Majeroni had done, with such tremendous power and success, could fail as an " Old Corporal " was impossible. Tho enthusiastic reception accorded to Majeroni upon his entry before the audience in the uniform of a corporal of Tim Napoleon's Old Guard, in heavy marching order, was gratifying and encouraging to thc artist. Tho drama is one affording Majeroni many opportunities of repre senting his specialities of rage, expressed and suppressed, and in voice, feature, and gesticulation, the^c paroxysms were so true to nature as to destroy ideality in art perfection. The drama ÍB skilfully constructed as regards incidents and situation, but is wearisome iu its dia logue, much of which has been excised with beneficial results. The story of a corporal being entrusted with the daughter of a general, being left for dead upon the battlo-ßeld. returning in a manner recalling tho Kip Van Wiuklcian mountain scene, to find himself not forgotten in the memories of his children, their pro perty in the hands of a fraudulent mayor, being ac cused of theft, in anger losing his speech attempting to deny the fact, and ultimately triumphing-over vil lainy, and all persons being restored to happiness, con tains no improbable element, and is worked up with con siderable skill. Majeroni, fully equal to the character of the Old Corporal, was enthusiastically applauded afc tho termination of each act, some persons even flinging huge bouquets of flowers, gifts that should be sacred to. ladies only, to tho clever actor The little child. Miss Marsh, who appears in the first aet, played very intelligently, and stood fire well. Miss Tilly Andrews, Mr. AV. J. Holloway, and Mr. Daniel*' sustained their parts admirably, and Mr. Doug lass, as tho General, fought and fell with good effect upon tho audience. Miss Augusta Chamber» cannot bo commended for her performance in thiï drama. 'Tis too lack-a-daisicnl to be natural, and she never seems to feel tho grief she suffers. Miss Maggie Oliver was, as usual, thoroughly at homo in her part, and was warmly applauded for her lively impersona tion of Mariette, as was Mr. H. Simons, as Potichon. The excellent manner in which the play has been put upon tho stage is, of course, due to the energy of Mr. Samuel Lazar, who has evidently drilled his stage company into order and attention. The scenery is picturesque and apprortriate, and tho various "sets'* entitle Messrs. Kinchela and assistants to great praise for their perfection in detail and effect. Signor Giorza has composed some very appropriate music for overtures before each act which were capitally played by tho band under tho conductorship of Signor Giorza. himself. His Excellency Sir Hercules Eobinson and Lndy Eobinson, with suite, honoured Signor Majeroni with their presenco on Thursday evening. AVilson's Mammoth Palace Circus, with little, how ever, of the "palace" about it, in the Haymarket Reserve, immeuso as it is, han been thronged every evening during the week by thousands of persons, who havo, ono and all, evidently been de lighted and amused to their hearts and hands' content. No circus has certainly been honoured with more patronage from tho elite of Sydney, and quito a string; I of carriages stops the way every night at tho end of tho I performance. The performance commences with the I usual entree of all tho artistes on gaily caparisoned steeds who go through a aeries of rapid and novel evolTflJ j tiona under command of Omar Pasha, no, Omar King [ sley. Tho result of training and tuition of the I horse was novor moro beautifully displayed than by the Arabian horse, President, who Beems to know ?what to do and how to do it from the look of his rooster, and walks on his hind legs in a marvellous style. " Cincinnatns," another beautiful creature, rolls I a large ball round and round tho circlo with his open mouth, while at full tear, places his fore feet upon a barrel, nnd then forces it along in front of him, and dauces beautifully. "Napoleon," ridden by Omar Kiugsloy, is a perffct specimen ofjfcko menage, and it is scarcely possiblo to imagine a moro beautiful, com plete picture than this "horso and his rider." Mr. Omar Kingsley has a knack of making bis beautiful l>upils obey him with loss noiso and motion than any riug-master I have seen, and the animais appear as much pleased to act as their master. " Fly-by-Night" is another splendid specimen of Mr. Kingsley's eques trianism and equine docility, and is followed by a burlesque act of tho most laughable character "by Eugene, to describe which would bo simply to destroy the fun of its exhibition. The Battoute Leaping by the company is extraordinarily good, and tho frat of Gonzales in throwing a double somcrsau t over tho backs of nine horses, can only bo excelled by him, who can throw three somersaults in the same space. Mr. A. Herbert, in his equestrian act of the three kingdoms, received applause from all parts of tho circus. Mr. George Shields is immensely clever in his somersault act. Mdclle. Gracie and Signor Gonzales ' aro very graceful in their feats on the high trapeze. Mddlo. Leon rides beautifully, and leaps through balloons with the fearlessness that defeats danger. Airee, King of the'Air, does one of the most brilliant and elegant acts of the entertainment. He actually stands upon the bar of thc trapeze, and setting it in rapid motion, balances himself thereon in the most grace ful manner, affording a scries of really beautiful and artistic positions very seldom seen, and certainly nevor yet excelled. This is really an astonishingly clever per formance. The fun created by the Arab AVonder, Hadj Hamo, by tho grotesquo manner in which ho whirls himself over and over and round.and round, and leaps to an astonishing height and distance-even over thirteen horses (although Gonzalo can also do this) cutitlo him to tho applauso his efforts invariably elicit. Tho young monkey, Jacko, I have not seen ; but I hear ho is au amusing specimen of tho Darwinian theory. Mr. AV. H. Morgan, the dashing rider over hurdles or other impediments, rides and leaps with perfect ease and style, and sits upon his barebacked steed with all the apparent comfort of an arm-chair. The company are happy also in the possession of a clown full of " most excellent humour," who . contrives to amuse tho whole audience, and pleases by witty sayings and comical doings, without once o'erstepping the modesty of nature, or offending the ears of tho most fastidious, and for this Mr. ltobert Johnson cannot complain of tho reward he receives from tho hands of his encircled throng of admirers. Gonzales and Eugene are an excel lent pair of grotesques, and the butterfly act is one of great amusement. Mr. John Wilson may bo congratu lated upon having so successfully introduced such a Combination of excellent performers, and thc good order in which tho whole proceedings aro carried out, entitle Mr. J. P. Macdonald, under whoso supervision this important item gis conducted, to no small amount of commendation. Tho combination at tho School of Arts "uncombined" after last Saturday night's performance. Previously to that time Mr. John AV. Smith's olio of comicalities, technicalities, and moralities, had proved tolerably attractive throughout the week. Herr Tolmaque is one of the^ most clever and witty professors of the art deceptive who has over exhibited here, and his fund of "small talk'' amusing to everybody, although tho " Herr " claims no originality. His Fosterian seances aro very clover, in which, in letters of blood, or something like it, is found a word written instantane ously after it has been discovered on a little pellet of paper by ono of the audience. Mr. AVillard's wonderfully rapid changes of costume astonish quito as much as his excellent interpretation of the character he represents amuses and delights. Moran cannot be excelled in bis line of Irishisms ; and Lenton, as Dutchie, pleases the Stoefelian portion of tho audience, usually a large ono. M. De Croix remains the wonder of tho exhibition, and however bc manages to maintain his equilibrium upon so small a surface, if it may be called a surfaco, is " ox tonisbiug" to everybody, many of whom can scarcely sec anything whereon he moves, and moves BO fearlessly, .lohn AV. Smith, by this combination, of metals has attempted, and, I hope, succeeded, in combiningalso tho letters £ s.d. into a solid and profi table compound of g. o. 1. d. for his future consolation and consumption, hut I fear this result is unattained, ns tho door« of tho Hall closed earlier than Buch a u cnmhíníif.inn n muid li.ivn lrtnknVI Fnr nr iiTnPntpf1 FIGARO. 