THE PULPIT. HEAVEN. By D. L. Moody. -♦ So*e time ago, on my way to a meeting, .'-friend .asked* wlutt was to be* my subject. I . told him I thought X ; would preach about 1, Heaven.* He seemed much. disappointed,- ana -replied: that he.was:in. hopes I should talk about; something -practical, ■ andi. tluit there would -be time enough to talk about heaven •-.when we" got there.. . . L- Now,*iithink. if God did not want us to <• know: anything about heaven, He would not vbave written .so much about it.. And, if heaven • is to bo our future home, wo should try to learn all wo can about it, so that we may be living ,T more for it : If we were about to emigrate to a r distant land, we-should never tire hearing ;; about it AVe should wish to know all about -itspeople, its climate, and resources, its schools ('andj.institutions, its advantages for children, -and its-prospects for business. There would . • be nothing relating to the country that would . .'not interest: us.. And when we are goingto j, spend eternity in another world, can we know or hear too much about it ? . - Christians are often asked why they address ..their prayers uptcards, as if God's, dwelling . place, were any more above than around them. !, But I think it is right to locate heaven, and to • locate it above. In the twenty-sixth chapter of ' Deuteronomy we read " Look down from . Thy holy habitation, from heaven, and bless .Thy ■ people Israel." Look doicn from heaven. Then . in Genesis we are told that God "went up" ,:from talking with Abraham :— tcoit up. And • Christ Himself, tlie only One who. can really ~,tell us about heaven, for He has been there, t what does He say ? In. the third chapter of Johnryou find the. words ."No man hath ascended up to heaven hut He that came doicn .from heaven, even the Sou of Alan which is in . heaven." In the seventh chapter of Mark, again, we are told that "looking upto heaven,He ' sighed." And when His work was over here, and. He was just returning to the many mansions of Hi* Father's house, standing in the . midst of the loved ones for whom He was going j to prepare a place, " Behold He was taken upt anda cloud received Him out of their sight." _ r Heaven is the dwelling-place of God. -. This, after all, is the great point. It matters little ..how. far away., it is.. God is there, and that, is ' enough. And we.may he sure that it is not so '.far away but that He can hear the humblest \ sigh of jjrayer, or watcb tlie gathering tears of r-penitence trembling on the sinners cheek. . And. man, too, can look from earth to heaven *jAtfhen God opens his eyes, and draws aside the •i.yril, like Stephen, He can see right into it. .V" He,:being full of the Holy Ghost, looked :up "steadfastly-into heaven, and saw the glory of *,.God, and Jesus standing on the. right hand of 'God." Stephen found out the secret of the . attractiveness of heaven. • Ho saw Christ at • at the right hand of God. The King in His i beanty was, there, and: that makes : heaven heaven/ .• > . Some one, being asked what he expected to "do.jwhen he got to heaven, replied that he .thought he would take one good look at Christ •.for. about five hundred years, and then he .'might look round and see the apostles, and . saints, and martyrs. • And it seems to ine that • one glimpse of Him who loved us, and washed lis in His blood, will repay us for all we can . suffer here in this dark world. ' 4'.'A . little j child, whoso, mother was dying, was taken away to live with some friends J because it was* thought she did not under- j jstand", what death is. All the while the j "child wanted to go home and see her mother. _At last,.wlieiLthe funeral was over, and she was taken home, she ran all over the house, searching the Bitting-room, the- parlour, the library, and the bedrooms."* Shev went from one 'end ofthe house to the other, and when the 'could not find her: mother, * she wished to be token 'back to where they brought her from. Home had lost its attractions for the child when her mother-'was' not there. My friends, the 'great attraction in heaven will not be_ its •pearlv'gates; its golden streets nor its choir of 'angels, but it will be Christ. Heaven would be no-heaven if Christ were not theto. But ;we; know that He, is at the right hand of the Fatherland those eyes shall gaze on Him by Vnd-bye; and we shall be satisfied when we awake with His likeness. < : But the company of heaven is more varied our friends are there. God the Father 5s: there, Christ the Son is there, angels are •there, arid in Rev. vii. we read of " a great 'multitude which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues." We read of the redeemed, who stand "before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white robes, and palms in their hands." Tes, we have friends in heaven. bereaved father asked me the other day if T,' thought' tlie little one he had lost had gone to be with Jesus. I could only tell him what David said when he lost his son, "I si mil go to'him; but he shall not return to me." It is avery Hweet thought to me, and it must he to you also who liave lost little ones, that tlie King can hike better care of them than we can. If we could look into the eternal city we should flee tlie Shepherd leading them by the green pastures and the still waters. He will c.are for each little lost Iamb Himself far better than its own fond mother; and is it not sweeter for them to l>e for ever with the Lord than down in this sad land of suffering and sin? Our friends are not lost, just gone before. They have had " the desire to depart and to ho with Christ, which is far betteT," and He has grati fied it. Although to live was to live for Christ,- yet to be with Him, was, even with Paul, "farbetter" • Bat there is more in heaven still. Once the disciples had been out preaching, and met with wonderful success. They had great power, had cast out devils, and worked many miracles. They came back gTeatly elated. Like workerB in'a great revival, they say to one another, " Tft not this gloriousBut Christ says, " Do not jejoice at that. I will tell you what to rejoice about. In tins' rejoice not, tliat the spirits arc subject to you, but rather rejoico that your names aye written in heaven." What a glorious thought is this! Our names arc written m heaven. Wo may be sure of it. If the chil dren of God arc not to know that their names aro written in heaven, how arc they to re joice ? If there had been any doubt about it, how could the disciples have rejoiced when Christ told them to rejoice ? It is pur privilege, if we arc Christians',_ not only to kuow. it, to he quite sure of it, hut to rejoice in if. :: , \ The grand question of life is,: Is my name written in heaven i Is mv.name in the Book of Life? Not I* it in the Church record? That record may not be kept in the someway that the record in. heaven is kept. And there may he names in. the Church record which have never been written in heaven. .But it is God's record we are talking about. • God keeps a record, a book of the lost and a hook of the saved, a hook of the living and a.book of. tho destd. Which, hook is your* name in? Can you rejoice this moment that your name is written in the Book of Life? Weigh tho question well.. It is very important. For, " Whosoever was not. found written in tho Book of Life was cast , into tho lake of fire/' " And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth it, neither whosoever workcth an alwuiination or muketh a lie; but they which are written in the Limb's Book of Life/' Some friends lately, in travelling, arrived at an English hotel, but found that it had been full for days. They were turning away to seek accommodation elsewhere, when a lady of tho party hade tho others adieu, and expressed her intention to remain. " How can that be," they asked; "when yon hear the hotel is full?" " Oh/' she replied, "I telegraphed on ahead a number of days ago, and my room has been secured." -My friend, send on your name ahead, and the door of heaven can never be shut against yon. Be sure it is a wise pre caution. T/icn everything will he ready for you. And when the journey of life is over, you will mount up us with angel wings, and Inherit the kingdom prepared from the foundation of the world" Many are spends ing their time and strength for a home down here, with its shallow luxuries and fleeting joys. But what will all the mansions of earth do for you, if you have secured no title to a mansion in the sky ? A soldier, wounded during our last war, lay dying in his cot. Suddenly tho deathlike stillness of the room was broken by the cry, "Here! Here!" which burst from the lips of the dying man. Friends rushed to the. spot and asked, what lie wanted.' "Hark," he said, "they are calling the roll of heaven, and I am answering to my name."- In a-few moments once more he whispered, "Here!" and passed into tho presence of the King. •'! If we have made sure that our names are written in heaven, the next most important thing is to be sure that our children's name3 are there. The promise is not unto you only; but unto your children. Mother, is the name of that hoy of yours written in the Lamh's Book of Life ? Ls it not hotter that your children's names should be written there, than that you should secure for them great possessions on this dork earth ? Oh, I pity the son who has never had an interest beyond the grave; hut more the mother who has never told him of the rest that remnineth for the people of God. May God make fathers and mothers more faithful and true to their solemn charge, that their children may grow up to be a blessing to the world, and that they meet at last ah unbroken circle in hcaveu! "Whenever I think about this subject, two fathers come before me. One lived ou the' Mississippi Itiver. He was a man of great wealth. Vet he would have freely given it all could he have brought hack his eldest boy from his early grave. One day that boy had been borne home unconscious. They did everything that man could do to restore him, but in vain. " He must die'" said the doctor. " But, doctor," said the agonised father, "can yon do nothing to bring him to consciousness even for h moment ?" " That may be," said the doctor; " but he can never live." Tune passed, and after a terrible suspense, the father's wish was gratified. "My son," he whispered, "the doctor tells me you are dying." "."Well," said the boy, "yon never prayed for me, father; won't you pray for my lost soul now ?" Tho father wept. It was true he had never prayed. He was a stranger to God. And in a little wliile that soul, uuprayed for, passed into its dark eternity. Oh, father! if your boy was dying, and called on von to pray, could you lift your burdened heart to heaven ? Have you learned this sweetest lesson of heaven or earth, to know and hold communion with your God ? And before this evil world has marked your dearest treasures for its prey, have you learned to lead your little ones to a children's Christ ? What a contrast is the other father! He, too, had n lovely boy, and one day he catne home to find him at the gates of death." " A great change has come over our l>oy," said the weeping mother; " he has only been a little ill before, hut it seems now as if he were dying fast." The father went into the room, and placed his hand on the forehead of the little boy. He could see the boy teas dying. He could feel the cold damp of death. "Sty son, do you know you are dying." "Kb; am 1 ?" " Yes; you are dying." " And shall I die to day?" "Yes, rnv boy, yon cannot live till night." " Well, then, I shall be with Jesus to- night, won't I, father ?" " Yes, my sou,yen will spend to-night with the Saviour." As he turned away, the liitle fellow saw the tears trickling over his father's cheeks. " Don't weep for me, father," lie said; " when I get to heaven, I will go right straight to Jesus, and tell Him that ever since I can remember you have tried to lead me to Him." God has given ine one little boy, and if God should take him, I would rather have him carry such a testimony as that to my Master, I than have all the wealth of. the world rolled at liis feet. I Mothers and fathers, the little ones may | begin early; be in earnest with them now. You know not how soon you may ho taken from them, or they may ho tnkon from yon. Therefore, lot this impression he rnado upon their ininds that yon euro for their souls a million times moro than for their worldly pros nects And if you yourself have never tliouUit how little it would profit you to gain the whole world and loso your own soul, I ho seech yon not to let another sun go down he fore you aro ahlo to say that your name has hoen written in lioavcn. 