'THE-SOCIAL EVIL,. (To the Editor of the Bcntliyo Advertiser. J Sir, - Correspondents to ihe metropolitan proas haVe^latuljV. been.''discussing ibis delicate subject yYithuut:eifeei'ng much good; and I feel a want of.eonlidenee in writing about it, but at the same time .would desire to impress on the minds ofr parents, pastors, and masters that the}' arc. neglecting a solemn duty they owe to young men and women in withholding information from them which would be the means of pre serving their lives from everlasting misery, and constitutionally affeethjjf future generations. I :im induced to pen this through an observation lately made by a victim, who stilted that there are several fearfully disordered cases now being tieated in tlie hospital. A great deal of mean ing was conveyed by my informant (who was twelve months ago a powerfully-built young man, but-now a perfect wreck) when he said that a liniely warning would have saved him; and, furthermore, "that many ministers of the gospel preach " heaven and hell wholesale, aiid leave out earth- the most important-alto gether." ?, .1 once heard a preacher interpret a text, " The sins of the father fall on the chil dren to- the third and fourth generation", to mean " There were babes in hell not a spau long" through paveuts dying unconverted. The inspired writer would smile had he lived to' listen to such an unreasonable inference. Strict 1 morality is the broad sense of the verse men tioned, which cannot be ton widely know. Yours, &c.;, - - ? BENEVOLENCE. Of all the arts in which the learned excel - ' The first iu r«rak is that uf " writing well." \- , The POET. Sir,-My S'piritiial_frierid, tlie " Student," iu bis letter of the :l'4th;;Instant,'.after referring somewhat' fe^liu'gly i'o niy^fatherjS or some, other person's ghost, and:,"to" tiijr' o\yn' dear;rocking horse, goes on to say jr-r" Nowj without wishing to be drawn into an interminable discussion on the question of . Matter v. S'piritj-I-.-.would suy, in reply to your correspondent', that-spirit is simply * matter 'more 'sublimated 'or . etherealized.- bnt1 >. under different'conditions."' .' Now,; sir, a sen tence m'ore"absurd than this I' never read iu all' : my life"'1 Ignoriuicc 'Unpossessed by tunny, yet . owned by few; but ignorance -greater than that indicated by this sentenco is hardly conceivable. If wa fill the sentence up grammatically it will stand thus:-" Spirit is simply (nothing more than) matter; matter more sublimated than matter;, or matter more etlierealized than matter; but matter existing under different con ditions from those under which matter exists. Sir, the absurdity is too glaring to require comment. A man who can write in tliis manner may well be believed i£ lie «nya that he lias seen, heard, and felt, or even eaten the spirits. Now, sir,do you think that an interminable discussion could really take place on the question uf " -Matter v. Spirit," which merely means " Matter v. Matter?'" I am a materialist, am I? Ami is our Spiritual " Student " anything more? If so, he has not yet made out his case. Sir, I defy any man to render the above sentence in plain English in any other sense than that in which I have rendered it, and it is evident that the "Student," in replying, started before lie was ready. The remainder of the letter is on about the same level as that already quoted, but I will not spend my time or your paper with such non sense. The poet would say 0, for an hour of Shakspeare'e power, Or Byron's burning pen; Spirits like this should o inge and cower, And slink into their den. Sir, I demaud a dear, concise, and adequate definition of the term " spirit," or a plain acknowledgment that such cannot be given. Iu either case I shall know what course to take. Yours rcspeotfully, E.II.CG. 17th July. 