? A CLERGYMAN'S TALE. It is many years •ago, probably about thé daté of iyxrtir birth, my; average, reader, that I learned what I am about to tèll you. At that time there, stood on the nórth-west ,coast of Ireland a building,known as Kyàrlin Castle. The greater :part of it was very ancient, and the remainder had been built bot less than oce hundred arid fifty years. I had commenced thatipursuit the taste for' which remains with mè to this day —namely, the search after ahtiquities capable of .throwing light ón the early history- and ! customs of our 'ancestors. It happened that while I was . talking with a man who had been collecting kelp ontbeljeabh, he pulled but a piece ofgréenish looking metal. To a man who ^regarded it with : an uneducated eye, there aras nothing in the appear ańoe.of it-.to give jtanyrwlue; hut I Bâw rat, onoeit- was &a; axe o£ the brońże period/ ^Finding he hàdïpickéd it up on the Bhore, I spebt as. much of my. time.asl could fiparejipr someweektf afterwards v in making; search ;beneath the cliffs for c other relics < of a simila kind;;. i Iwaa one, day :ssb abśorbed in studying the appearance,: of certain stonès that lày oń.the beach, andwbich forreispnsvl will not go into now, 1 thought wiarę the remains of 1 one of the moU'jfcncient oftheOeltia iedifices that harvebeenidiscovered, that I did not noticéhow high the tide had risen till it came,, washing among the stońes I was examining. I, looked round^quickly ftnfl risàw, ,łrith>>a very uncfitofórtable sensation, that the sea already-reached the oliffs I bad passed. To eśfcape that way before-the tide would carry me off mydegs and beat me against the rocks was I knew impossible. Hope lay in going onwards, and finding : an openiog in the cliffs before the tide had risen mqch higher. I stumbled along as fast as I could go over the slippery seaweed ; but the sea was surging and foaming against the rocks so strongly that . I found it difficult !» make any progress at all. Looking ahead I could see no sign of a break iń the difls, and I, was about to resign myself to death, when I arrived op posite a, cave which seemec. to have been worn by the; waves during •torms. Looking into this little cave, I observed that the line of seaweed on the fragments of rock indicated that during ordinary tides , it was not filled by. the sea. To go forward seemed certain death ;to remain here gave at least a hope of escape. Hastily deciding in favor, of the cave, Ï entered i and to shield myself from the «urf as much às possible» immediately began piling up the pieces of rock and seaweed so as to make as effectual a barrier as was in mv power between me and it. After enduring along period of painful suspense I saw with fervent thankfulness the setting inof the ebb. I was calculating thechàncès pf my being able to reach a certain point iń the cliffs Jby which ! "ight ascend frotn the beach before it beçame, dark, when I was suddenly starred, hy;,,hearing; a voice, which 8eemed to be at my elbow, say,: ' Here w^anoiher blanket for you. It îb more y9U but ! will'not depy ^/'physical comfort I . permit myself to •enjoy.' • J -rA,t wseaker voice,butalsothatofa : ' ° let me but SE^.™?** 1 «inWgït again, and I -will jw care for clothes ór-food. Thint o! too/ears I have, suffered in this dark To ^hich the first speakeranswered ina^aMioHrte tone-'And^ What-have your Bufferings been compared to mine? increase we pains x suiipr, fiy toalttng mjttU-to^d tfacl^a^tód Jo* thoamng which followed, wds all ' W ^ ' which could give yoti *any Hdeà 6f ; ińj u ttér astonish oifent is ipip6ssible;Tht>o£h dark, the cavity w& 'io snjairàfc 1 the upper end that I : couId satisfy omplf by' feeling, alfeost Without Stinrihg from the s$ot whék-etin I ' was Beated,' that there was ity opening; ; frpin' it, and' certainly thkt nid odiier"petóoń Wàs'jnjé- ;j sent iń it besides toys' ÂftQr nfufch reflection thé truth'began 1 to dawkupon my mind';' the inly building alongthafc part of the coaqt which lay dose'to the edge of thé' ćtift^tó' K^ia^lin Castl^ <ańd that the'vpicé'l.cStiBè 1 fróm 1 ińma^s of that building I wàs tljé more induced to believe; 'tire words '* my laflVi' which though 1 they* 'diH' ńót itarHyH»afc ! the person addressed bôrè'that tttléj^ë't śhó rt-ed : she wab 1 â ; -pèraon 'of' some distinction. Of course, you think I tit bnce opened a conversation with the person imprisoned, bui'l-did nothing of r the kind; • .At;: that time - every, family ' of ;tbe : least 'l .influence living id the Remoter ; parts of Irelahd had individuals hanging'about them,capabla^of any act of violence on the slightest intimation from any mem-, her of the family, or, evenfropa a con-, fidential servant, that it. would bęj agreeable tp them. . In mycase,.cąiitiop, wąs especiallyinecessary, : jps J. was; th^ minjsterof the,pmall pw)portion ^fttJm inhabitants of thę B.urrquniiingjdisbqctl who professed Protestantism, and; was therefore more than usually obnoxious io those, who adhered to the creed I considered it my duty, to do my utmost to supplant.. Moreover, I did inot, know how far I might be ąęting pghtly; in aiding the escape of the .imprisoned, Woman. For the present, therefore, I determined on doing nothing; açid crept as quietly as possible ou t of the cavity, and walked home.. The next day I returned in the same direction ; and When ,I, reached the castle I stooped down, and pretended to pick up a stone, Which I threw down on the beach ; but ihe stone I threw down I had painted before I left home, so that Ï should distinguish it readily among those which lay on the.shore. From this place I walked slowly on till l reached the çleft by which, I had ascended the previous evening down which I scrambled to the beach, and turned back to. the cave. Close to the entrance I'found the colored stone, which cpnGrmęd my, conjecture that the excavation adjoiped an apartment in Kyarlin Castle, I went in with as little noise as possible, as it was now low water, and there was no sound to drown any I might chance to make. I listened, but all was pilent. At last I determined to risk a question; and putting my head close to, the loose, stones at the sppt from; wJhenpe the, voices seemed to issue, Ï asked: "" 'is " there anybody shut up iń thfek-e ? , A i™ ™ f A ii Am !ł said - «Ôh do tir H^vi mè dut ? ' ' . ft>r He f' vc ? 8 ^ let W ' ! - - . •-'. ; : V -.! J V i-here WB an expression offjię> eag^. ^ . .joined to * W heard the dayibefort; de. cidfed aastótingher to'e6ùapè,and fchus-givihg'hèr-ia ëhance of - àp^réialîng' J \ °, r ? ' fl ® lU ®' other hand. of'compellmg those' who Md imprisoned her here to continue her punishment in a legal manner; ùf .there': were any just ground, fpr.infl|cting it. After .a few niore questioną,, I tpld her l •rould come.baokàt.the ébb of ihe tide that Evening ańd relaafeeter:. The operation wab not a^difficult one. The Ihenight was dark énoàgh^to tó&Me; neighborhood' of- the road' 'We-wer* obliged to follow to get to my łjóttófee • wb&àstte only ptcTSvXh^ cońld take her. ~~ Here I/gave' her iii' charge to Esther, the old wtrt&an; wfttt waited upon me. ] followed them into the kitphen ; but though there wjas;no light .there, beyond that given by,.£ tajlow-candle and iàe jrarf-^rę, , itlije stranger covered her «y^J^th Jfipr jfrpm inability to .ep^iirpi 't^g PfW.it çausèd. She was fi wpmąn i,ą ^peacance abp.u^ fo^ty. yeai^, pf;,agf, with ą.compj^op so jnteflsejjr.j^ite, that I Vag. peipiąded; of Lot's" vs- jtfe^alj^er her conyeraion ipto. salt. :î'adkjB^aà jl«estiipns tl«it_«^iiigi ftnd,w^gfe ^equentlj^ Learned; fjrçm her/j^^ç.' fi^ed. by. Mrs Meyndç,; of^Kjai^j Yfhpm Jt cpńadęrp4 L jyt jm. duty to call with,, the ąjaą qf j j^duęięygj her to make sóme-proywipirfoę t^§ppc(r( victim of her pfssion. jFjKjn^ , o^pgç sources, tpoj. and at different periods, heard othąr matkva i^lątiąg.jtg^ęgąjgp which enables me to give .the io^Qjringj narrative ip.a : connected fonnJ,j..*j ^ <0âtTiérine Moistyń was thè 'aaxighWï'! çfà irnitt yho'had' 1 succeeded a' teî-gé' bat eńcumbbredEstate, arid'-fcy V^fcbtfJ tinu^DCe'ofthe same càréldàs'ëktititrà ji gancè which he h'àd bèen àcctiitbifiia tó tee ftom^hîs youth -apwardś^ h^lftŁa^ ^tW^Jąuw łiś 'daughter J '4itt» éHk^scarcely' Anything • better thàn i,J th'è ! steward of- the estate nominally ïîb j"fievebteenfch yeai^ 'rïrlnëêa ^itû seWto à'cbndièioù în which he'^as own. Just, about-this time, Héiii'y Meyrićk retarded frôm 8t. Oiùér,%h%ïb he had/tteeL 5 fijir seveial yièàrs" livîBg- with 'a^ffe'S/'iirho had hećń -hts i-ïûi 1 stmctdr from't® iyôùth. ; His'ige'^s then <22, ! and' having- neither father nor'mother; it was supposed ' that - W would not longiremain at Kyarlin Càatlë, 1 eépëtiïhllf W man who liad beën'-rfppoib'tèd -by thë ; executors to : manage ; the estàté'îittWîhéa to it had proved 'himsèlf both hóńeSt and able. ; ShoHly aftét'lis returt'tdlreiaha,'- Móstyń, aa'doe bf łiiń nearest jneighboirs, indwho' hàd kiîoWû him before hé hàd béen éent to France, called oń him, and' invited him to feé house. Here, of course, he bécairie • acquainted with Kàte Mośtyn. 8hé wàB remarkable'fot her exceeding lovèliiièdbi which wàs^alinost equalled ctjuantju by uy iier het ^jruioj and the cold severity, almost Ètérnntew> rtT of ' her ' łlOY -manner. fmdnnAH Much : of this itiJ latter l.iL may have been engendered by poverty; acting'oil a » naturally unuuiaiiy proudand prouu anu naugnty haughty character, and the continual discbntèfat arisiiig out of a 'comparison of her àctûal condition with what it might have been^ Henry Méyrick'soon became '-so - deeply attached - to her, that nobody • was'isuri prised r'—r when it »» was «»» announced nuuouuoou 'that'the mamiu i)feèn'fix«d 'for their ^marriage.' Whèn^thîs ^vènt took placé, 1 they ^tvébt śbtófld śbrófld fora'few wnt»ł.ho ttońths,' : ' Mrs'Meyrf(śk .Vln-Miamiix,. liMii-ótat^ot viouWy. 'Théy hadnbt'longretolibff to K^lm^d. fae'fore-it Wali nMteWof coriiinon tfalk-^afc hé-saw only wfthW .... eyes.- <Mldi%"ft®a ; as' Sir Me^rf ittóe, 6teï"sbibùugéireï tó^ led f hitff tofcé'to all:WWhi^iftiiaifeîic des, he wab nbt'àlttfgô'ther withbit'fiteii nôssof «śhafratófer-iinrhiB^^dealing ^Mrmén'J ^Uhà^KtbuàiA'ïêiimd to e «' or foto^ ^'éerftflfitwiî frota îiis-ttttoii,'iàfeéèad of fkllînè'îtf lWe fltab;<4fe-*âgbfr bkvtf'l^lAMi'.tefibi^ euce^ Which would-have praventediié occńiara(ńce -of the evHé whidb; fiis Own and his wifeV hbnpih'es«i'^nd' iomelly injurèd one-I'firmly ,bélîevé.-to | hare been an innocent victim. fectton, and ie< vuv OHU1C ago ';as herself, an Englishwoman she'had engaged in London on her way to the continent. The girl being of lively and engaging manners, and very pretty, was agréât favorite with her mistrèss.and for this reason probably was treated by her master with a degree óf familiarity not very surprising, considering their youth, andthb extent to -vrtiich circumstances had compelled all three of them to is- «jciąte during their journey on : the continent. Intimacies óf such a kind are always dangerous, even if only from misconstruction ; and it was exemplified in instance. Mrs Meyrick had sent , her maid to her husband's studv for a boôt she wanted ; but directly after thô giïl r had left hér room, she <Shàngèd her ipfńd, and decided on reading soine .other. Going to the stuay'Éhé ^ètëa' the dbor, and was aboat toaanter. Mey. rick waB there and Ihe girl^ biii what it -was which made Oatherine .close the door again, and tura away with a face ;bo deadly pale, she nevfer told anybody, I believe, unleiss it might iara> teen her spirituaiadviser. She went'back to her ,room, iand locked;herself in, and when hep • iwsband came r to fafer she would ńeither open it nor answer him. Findi^ig'Bhé (remained obstinately silent, ho ljsft i ihe .castle, and did nbt return that nig)i<v thinking he woald thp» bring her to ' iear reason. : It Dstron^y J fawóure the: ; opinion that - Mrs Meyrick was hasty Jin hen conclusions sincfe her maid did ;not show any-reluctance to go to Her mistrefis when she rang her bell who, however, refused to allow her to enter the room, and.irang-^again for ^npther servant. That • night, Jane Wilmotjier inaid, disappeared.' I Thé day vtias still young when HenxV Mèyrict réhirnèd to the 'cas t Is, after a- • night'fepeńt on the sea shore. He was alfaost as-white as his wife ! was when dhe tiiraed away from his study door thé previous day. Walking wearily ńloDg the passage leading to this room, he told the man who followed him to bring thiin, soine coffee ; and throwing his hat into one corner, he was about to sit down to his writing ; table, when lie aaw lying on it a letter, or rather a small 'packet, addressed to himself in his .wife's handwriting. Hastily opening it, he saw, not an offer of forgivenefls,; for the paper it contained was a bladk sheet, but something which . «uso», uu» ovuievoing WUICn seemed OflAmOfl to tsi act ani-, upon iinnn him 1,i like the it fabled ^ ... • . head )lM/1 of. ïlf the é)lâ Medusa Mainan of old .JJ on those 11 who « lbbked on it. When the . man entered with the coffee, wrncu which was quite naif half an hour afterwards, he saw his master ! W»- wmethiug from the table, and tLrust it quickly into the breast pocket ! óf i his cóat, and then leave , the room without touching the coffee, or speaking » 7 •-»»-..um. 'single word. He «.o went: straight scraignt to I btables, put a saddle, and bridle on -fiAt horse, he came to, without heçflitig.or seeming tohear the offers of a groom to do it for him, and rode off. Tfee groom said afterwards that his mastór looked: like a man. who had seen à ghost. A few days afterwards, his steward received a letter from him, ck diwetiDg him to. forward a pertain sum WJmonfey at specified perîodè tó a bank in London ; and this was thé: last communication received from him. MOhe "sudden disappeafabce of Jane jWilmót excited a great deal- of tal k in the'icoilntry round. 'Various rumom Were; 'of bourse, in circulation to accou nt for'it; but «sat which received the ^èatest currency, abd/for a time, was most generally credited, was that Mr Mevnck had taken her away-with him. Gradually, as the ciraomstancès under which be had left became known, thfe opinion died away. Before this had happened, however, a young man named William Macarthy, who had inherited a email farm from his father, presented himself at Kyarlin Castle, and requested to see Mrs Meyrick. f & t first, ehe refused to see him ; but . he insisted so strongly, that she could bot; oontinue her refusal, and was forced, to admit him to an interview. His object in calling on her was to ascertain what had become of Jane Wilmot. He gave no credit to the rumor that she had gone away with Mr Meyrick, and read some letters he had received from i her, proving that he had for a considerable period been paying his addresses to her, and that matters had advanced so far that he bad been pressing her to fix the day for their marriage. Tuder these circumstances, it was natural that he should refuse to believe anything to her discredit, or that 6he could have left the country without communicating with him. The inference be drew, therefore, was, that she was s fil I in the castle. From what I have said of Mrs Meyrick's character, you will have no difficulty in imagining the kind of reply she would give him. Macarthy, rendered bold by his love for the missing girl, insisted that she would not have left the castle without the knowledge and consent of her mistress, por without informing him of her intention. Mrs Meyrick w,as far too proud even to suggest that her husband had taken the girl away, with him. Violent language closed the interview, and Macarthy left with the threat that he would go to the magistrate, and get him to send constables to search the castle. In the same room with Mrs Meyrick, when. Macarthy entered, was the woman she had selected to be her at- tendant in place of the English girl. As tlie language became warmer, this woniHU, indignant at hearing her mistress spoken to in such terms, and, as wais the nature of Irish servants then, at all events in the rural districts, mora jealous for her dignity than even her mistress herself, rang the bell, and before Macarthy left, all the servants, and even the supernumeraries who happened to be in the castle at the moment,' iiad assembled about the door, and heard his closing threat as he left the room. Nothing but Mrs Meyrick's repeated orders saved him from violent treatment before he left the castle. As it was, they were ineffectual beyond its walls. William Macarthy was found lying in the road, a few hours later, dead. The number of pieces of lead and other metal found in his body and clothes showed that he must either bave been fired at by several guns, or that some peculiar weapon had been used. This latter was the suggestion of a shrewd medical man who examined the body. Macarthy was a man who had relatives and many friends, and these not of .a kind to let his murder pass unpunished. It soon reached their ears t'jat he had left Kyarlin Castle with the intention of applying to a justice to liave it searched for the young English girl he was going to marry, and they naturally inferred that the murderer must be some person connected with the family there. To find out •who this murderer was, they had recourse to an expedient which I thought had been discontinued generations before. A stage was erected, and •on this the body ot the deceased was laid on a sheet. The whole of the menservants employed at Kyarlin Castle were ordered by Mrs Meyrick to attend the ceremony of touching the body. One by one bis friends approached and laid their hands on the chest of the corpse, and so also did every man present, Mrs Meyrick's servants remaining till the last. These, in their turn, drew near, and repeated the ceremony in succession, without any result, till a man named Shaw, who was employed at the castle to look after the boats, laid his hand on the deceased's chest in the same manner as the others. Unaccountable as it may appear, the wounds on the instant opened afresh, and blood began to trickle from them on to the bier. The man immediately fell down in a fit, and in this condition was thrown into a cart, and escorted by all the friends of the deceased to the nearest jail. His trial came on in due course, and an attempt was .made..to elioit from him that he had committed the murder at the „suggestion of^biB mistress, hut this be ejirenuously de- .nied, and averred, what 'àll the other servants could prove, that he separated i fro&jlthe; rest of the Serrants before mamftbVv left the róońf He added : I Wentw) the kitchen, and took down a blunderbuss that was always hanging there, and loaded it with all the slugs I could find, and filled it up with nails. Then I ran along by the fields, and waited for Macarthy at Nevin's Cross, and shot him as he was passing me.' Thià man was convicted and hung ; but Macaitby's death deprived the English woman of the only friend she had in the .country, and no further attempt was 'made to ascertain what had become of hejr. ' Tears .passed away. Mrs Meyrick never left the castle for a single day, and ' showed herself so cold, and stern to "all who visited her, that nobody cared to repeat their visit, and it was not long before ehe was left without a single person to converse with ; even her .father being treated by her in such a manner that he died without a request to see her. This was the state of things at the time when I assisted the woman to escape, from her dungeon. Her story was a very pitiful one, and in substance was soon * told. On the night of the >day on which her mistress had taken such offence at Jane Wilmot, the girl went to bed, and, though much grieved at wbat had passed, soon fell into a sound sleep, from which she suddenly awoke, 1 and found her mistress bending ovër bérid the act of tying a handkerchief round her neck. She was BO frightened by the. expression in hër face, tîùkt she Wanted to cry out ; but before shô èouid utter a sound, the knot of the handkerchief was forced into her mouth, and she was made dumb. She tried to raise her htads to pull it out, and found that- her arms wete fastened at ' the elbows behind her back. Mrs Meyrick then turned her on her face, and drew the oofrd tight till her elbows touched. Having rendered her entirely .helpless, she ordered her to get out of bed, and come with ber, and this in a tone that made the helpleBs girl get up as quickly as she could in her condition, and accompany her, all undressed as she- pras, to the cell from which I had rescued 1 her. Her mistress locked the door, and went away, leaving her in darkness, and trembling with fear and cold. In a few minutes she returned with her servant's clothes, and threw them on the floor, and tben the girl saw she had a naked knife in her hand. Almost dead with fright, the terrified woman threw herself on her knees, and entreated her mistress to spare her life. The latter replied not a word, and for a minute stood staring at her with eyes so widely distended, and a face so white and expressionless, that the poor creature before her, who was begging for her life, was seized with a new alarm, believing that her mistress had suddenly gone mad. At this idea fresh horrors laid hold of her imagination, and the words she was uttering for mercy and pity were frozen on her tongue. Had I not myself seen the evidence of the mutilation, I should hesitate to tell you what followed. The mutilated part with the earring still attached, was what had so strongly excited the horror of Henry Meyrick, who, believing that it signified the death of the poor girl at the hands of his wife, could see no other course before him but escape from the country. In the wretched cell in which Jane Wilmot was thrown she remained two days without food orclothiDg, for though her clothes lay on the damp floor, she could only partially cover herself with them in consequence of the way in which her arms were fastened. Believing that Mrs Meyrick was insane, and that she would be left to die of hunger, the girl gave way to despair\ and when at last her mistress returned with food, and cut the cord which bound her arms, she was so weak and helpless that she had not a thought of resistance, and dressed herself and ate with thankfulness. Year after year, and in total darkness, except at such times as Mrs Meyrick brought her food,the unfortunate creaturesuflered in this cell, or in a little one adjoining, where she slept. As for food, Bhe needed so little, that she was never in actual want of it ; nor, indeed, did she suffer from any deprivation except that of liberty. J On hearing her story, I was naturally eo excited at the oruelty with which she had been treated, that I did not lose an hour before setting ont for' Kyarlin Castle. Here, after some obstàcles had been thrown in my way, I had an interview with Mrs Meyrick. I reproached her for her cruelty to Jane Wilmot in •severe terms, and insisted on her making reparation to the extent of her ability, She readily adopted all my suggestions ; and when I compared her present haggard appearance with what I had heard of her wonderful beauty a few years previously, I could not help feeling sorry for her. As a minister of the gospc' thought it my duty to try and bring about a reconciliation between her and her husband; and when I spoke to her of this, she bowed her head, and sobbed bitterly. As soon as she had recovered sufficiently to answer my questions, she, at my request, gave me the address of the bank ,in London to which, the steward forwarded the remittances for bis master. On my re' turn home, I wrote a full account of what I had learned to Mr Meyrick, the liberation of Jane Wilmot, and the desire of his wife to be reconciled to him. Some months had passed when I had received an invitation to dine with Mr and Mrs Meyrick at Kyarlin Castle ; and in the meantime Jane Wilmot had returned to England, too crashed and enfeebled, bodily and mentally, to entertain a thought of bringing her persecutor to justice. I procured for her all the pecuniary compensation she could require, but at the same time I carefully abstained from advising her what to do, thinking it was a matter for herself to decide, and that it was not for me to urge, her to accept money in lieu of justice. 