TALES AND SKETCHES. A TURN IN FORTUNE. (From Chambers's Journal.) (Concluded from our last.) Meanwhile many of the jnnks floated rapidly by, their lateen sails of plaited straw or striped cotton torn and flapping, while the wretches on board wallowed on the deck, in abject fear, calling on Fo to have mercy, and to drive away the de vouring dragon of the tempest. Some of these unlucky craft were dashed againBt one another until they settled down in the water; others were hurled against the rocky shore, and battered to pieces. Some escaped the fatal rocks as by a miracle, and drifted on, rotating before the force of the typhoon, which gradually veered towards the South. By this time we had managed to get up from the hold a spare anchor, and to bend on it another cable, so that we had hopes of riding out the storm. The American ship, which had brushed so closely by the cliffs that a bis cuit might have been tossed on shore, came drifting past once more, and again the pleading cry was heard for "Help! oh, help !" " I cannot bear this!" I exclaimed, turning to those on board of our own ves sel ; "I cannot see Christian men and women drown thus miserably for want of bearing a hand. Who volunteers to man the jolly-boat, and board the American ship V' Jerry and two English forecastle Jacks were the first to answer to the ap peal : then came a fair-haired Swede, and a red-whiskered Dane, and a mulatto lad whom I had saved from punishment for some trifling breach during the voyage, and who was grateful. Six oars, all told. There was nothing to be expected from the Lascars, be numbed by terror and the drenching spray ; or from the Chinamen, stupefied in part by superstitious alarms, and in part by the drugs to which they had re sorted as a physical means of lulling fear. The rest of the crew were bold and ready witted enough to back us, but although Captain Harris growled at my putting " his best hands'' into unnecessary dan ger, some spark of manly generosity was at last kindled in the old toper's breast, and he waved his gold-laced cap as I grasped the tiller-ropes and bade the men push off; he called out, hoarsely : " Well done, my lad ; if I'd been twenty years younger, I " I heard no more; but I have never forgotten that picture during all the years that have since elapsed ; the vessel strain ing at her cables, the boat rising on the crest of the giant wave, the old man, his grey hairs bared, leaning over the shat tered bulwark, and waving his cap to wards us in sign of adieu. But at the time I thought little of it, having need of all my steersman's art to keep the frail boat from being swamped in the terrible sea through which we had to pass. We had a desperate struggle with the rollers before we could reach the American, for the mulatto boy and Jerry were both too weak to be efficient rowers, and we were tossed and tumbled to and fro, as if the boat had been a shuttlecock bandied about between two monstrous battledores, until I encouraged the men to a supreme effort, and reached the ship. Scarcely had I set foot upon the deck of the Henry Clay be fore an -unexpected phenomenon visited the elementral war. The howling wind ceasod, and a dead calm succeeded, dur ing which the wash of the sea, deep and hollow, and the far-off cries of perishing sufferers, were alone audible. There was something perplexing in the sudden transi tion from a shrieking hurricane to abso lute stillness. „ A'it'sonlyJtljeJmacfcQfihe iygh^oa.; and I lost not a moment in doing what little I could for the security of the ves sel. A jury mast was rigged, a storm sail and jib were set, and two of the sturdiest men posted at the wheel. This had hardly been done, when, with a hide ous shriek, the tempest burst upon us again, this time blowing from a quarter opposite to that from which it had last made its force felt, and bore us resist lessly before it. The lady passengers, who had till then believed themselves to be saved, and had been giving thanks to Providence for their rescue, now recom menced their wails and lamentations— and indeed the situation was one of no pleasant character. The storm had begun again with fury unsated, and wherever the eye turned there were foundering vessels and a wild white sea. We were being hurried towards a rocky headland, the most Northerly point of the natural harbour of Illima, and beyond which lay the storm-beaten ocean, with its low lyiug canopy of livid cloud seeming al most to mingle with the driving scud. Were we once outside the stony barrier, a chance of safety, though but a poor one, remained to us ; whereas, if driven upon the reef, our doom was certain. I made up my mind at once to face the open sea. " Haul away at sheet and brace!" I cried; " set another jib forward there ; and you at the helm, keep her away, yet a point away, do yon hear!" " Ay, ay, sir!" answered the steers men, with the mechanical obedience of trained hands, but old Jerry exclaimed cheerily, "there's nothing like sea- room, my lads ! Haul away with a will, every one of you, and get steerage-way upon her." By the mercy of heaven we rounded the headland, narrowly escaping fatal contact with the jagged rocks, and were in clear water. Once outside the harbour, I had time to glance around me, but on looking back to, the wreck-strewn bay I conld see no signs of the barque which I had so lately left. In vain I swept the vessels bravely riding out the gale, and a diminished number of the native craft passively drifting under the force of the rollers and the wind ; but of the barque nothing. The Saucy Maid was gone ! There was scanty time, how ever, to wonder or to mourn over the fate of those who had been on board of her. The charge of the ship of which I found myself acting commander, through so strange and sudden a catastrophe, was no light burden. The Henry Clay reeled and careened to a fearful extent, as she flew along with the speed of a race horse, cleaving her way through the heavy seas that constantly deluged her decks. It cost us some trouble to induce the terri fied ladies, and such of the male passen gers as age or infirmity disqualified for exertion, to go below. Of every available hand that could pull a rope or tug at the spokes of the whirling wheel, we had sore need, and even then we were weak in numbers to work so large a vessel as the American clipper, and in weather such as would have tested the endurance of the strongest crew. The remembrance of the next three days and nights haunts my memory still, at intervals, like the confused details of a ghastly dream. I had divided the men under my orders into three watches, as usual, but for myself there was no rest, : since I had no officer who could share with me the responsibility of the arduous task which had been, so to speak, forced upon me. Always on deck, through dark ness and daylight, through wind and rain, I worked hard to save the ship and the lives of those committed to my charge. It was no slight labour. The foul wea ther—for on the skirts of the typhoon, rough seas and strong gales were encoun tered—was not the only enemy with which it behoved us to do battle. Some sinking junk had come violently into col lision with the American three- master, and we had scarcely lost sight of the mountain summits of Formosa before the carpenter reported an undue depth of water in the well, and that a dangerous leak, beyond his power of plugging, had been sprung. We fought long and pa tiently to keep back this insidious foe; the clank of the chain-pumps was inces sant, and even ladies lent their delicate hands to the toil, as worn-out men reeled away for a short repose; but more than once it seemed as though the water would win the victory, while all on board were spent and weary, and it was evident that an accident such as the snapping of a link, or the choking of a pump, would send the Henry Clay to the bottom of the sea. And all this time we staggered on under such sail as our improvised masts would bear, over a howling wilderness of dash ing waves. Fine weather came at last; the wind abated, and after some trouble I contrived to get a spare topsail lowered and secured across the leak, keeping out in a great measure the influx of the green-blue water, so that a moderate amount of la bour at the pumps sufiiced to free us from immediate danger of sinking. I was able, too, for the first time, to take a solar observation, and, after a brief calculation as to our whereabouts, I decided to bear up for Kiusu, the most Southerly island of the Japanese group, which could not, as I judged, be above two hundred miles distant. Our troubles were not yet quite over, for a rickety jury-mast went by the board, carrying away with it two poor fellows who were washed to leeward and drowned without the possibility of rescue. However, the prayers of those on board the Henry Clay were answered, and after another eight-and-forty hours of anxiety we sighted Kinsu, where Japan ese pilots came off to guide us to our an chorage. How vividly it comes back to me now, the scene of our arrival in the peaceful bay, the shores of which were studded with neat Japanese houses, overlooked by the peaks of blue inland mountains, se veral vessels of various flags lying at an chor, and a flotilla of boats containing sight-seers, native and foreign, among whom were Japanese ladies with fluttering fans and silken robes, hovering around the Henry Clay, whose battered state showed how narrow had been her escape from destruction. I remember, too, that some officers from a British steam corvette at moorings in the harbour came on board of us, and were shaking me by the hand, and congratulating me, pointed out to them as I had been by the passengers of the great ship, the ladies among whom, in their simple gratitude, insisting on speak ing of me as their preserver. And then, on a sudden, my eyes appeared to grow dim, and all things swam before them, and the sound of friendly voices reached me only as a deep, indistinct hum, like that of bees, and I dropped down swoon- | ing on the deck. Fatigue and anxiety had been too much for me, and before nightfall I was tossing to and fro in the delirium of a fever. When I recovered my senses, I found myself weak and ill iudeed, but in a fair way towards recovery, in a cot which had been charitably assigned to me on board ^ n^flHt^-OTs'fitufion; soon enabled me to be on deck again, and when the corvette was ordered round to Nagasaki harbour, I was set on shore, thinner and paler than when I had left England, but well and fit for work. I found, however, with dismay, on present ing myself at the counting-house of the firm that my -post was now occupied bv i another. I "Very soriy, indeed, Mr. Harland," said the senior partner, screwing up his parchment face into a grimace of what was meant for sympathy, " but, you see, men of business cannot afford to indulge in sentiment. The vessel in which you were known to have left Ceylon having been reported aB lost in the typhoon, with all hands, why, of course " In short, under the very natural belief that T, the accepted candidate, had per ished in the wreck of the Saucy Maid, Messrs. Parker and Mills had filled up the vacancy. After all, though I was not dead, I was wofully behind the stipulated time for my arrival in the merchants' office, and had not the slightest cause to complain. Of all the many foreign adventurers in that Japanese seaport, few, I suspect, carried with him a sadder and a heavier heart than I did, as I left the counting house of those who were to have been myJ employers, and strolled listlessly down to the beach. What was I to do ? The lit tle cash I had woald suffice to maintain me in idleness for a short time only, and then—not that I repined at the necessity —I must work for a living. A few weeks on shore, for the complete restoration of my health, I might allow myself, and then, no doubt, I should have to get afloat again as an officer on board some vessel in the coasting-trade. But in resigning the bright hopes which had allured me to Na gasaki I felt as though I were relinquish ing all prospect of an early union and a happy home with Dora, and that was hard to^ bear. In no way of which I could think could I be likely to realise a speedy competence. Bread my former profession could afford me, but not, for many a weary year, at any rate, the means to marry. And Dora was too delicate to be fitted for a life of actual poverty. " Al most better," I muttered to myself, as, with downcast eyes and bowed head, I paced to and fro the Battery, where a Japanese sentry in a trim blue uniform was mounting guard over the bright brass cannon that peered through the em brasures, Almost better if I bad gone down with Captain Harris and his crew in Illima Bay, as I was rumoured to have done. Disappointment such as this can sting more bitterly than mere physical pain has the power to do. By this time, for aught I know, the news of my death may have been telegraphed to Europe, and reached Dora. What a stab to her fond little heart the tidings will be, and although they are false, yet I am a ruined man ; and not for long years, if ever, can I hope to " " Why^-Harland, Harland ! Haven't you Heard if ? No ; I see by your face, poor old boy, that you have not. Never mind ! Let me be the first to wish you joy 3" called out a frank, cheery, English voice, as a young naval officer, with whom I had formed a sort of friendship while on board the corvette, came up panting and • laughing, and took me by the hand, ' " I've been looking for you high and low," said the good-natured midshipman, j " and so, for that matter, have Gibson and Mildmay. It's not always that for tune stands so well by a fellow who so thoroughly deserves it." I stared in dumb surprise at the speaker, whose words seemed under the actual circum stances of my position to be fraught with the most cruel irony. " We set up a rat tling cheer when we heard it," continued young Egerton, fanning his heated fore head with his straw hat, " and old Sir Henry looked mast-headings and close ar rests at ns, until some one whispered that you had been a shipmate of ours, and then the admiral was mollified. The oddest thing is that you were not present, though But why, in the name of common sense, should I have been there? Or how, do you suppose, could all this have had any interest for me ?" interrupted I, star ing at my blithe young friend. " Well," rejoined Egerton, looking, in his turn, surprised, " you do take yonr good luck coolly, Harry. It isn't often, old man, that such a windfall comes in any fellow's way, and I'm afraid that I should not prove so philosophically indifferent, in your place, to the good things in store for me. As it is " I looked at the lad with a sort of dull, puzzled wonder. He and his shipmates were, I felt assured, by far too generous hearted to make a jest of my misfortune. in losing myappointment. And yet, what a satire on my baffled hopes was this pre tence of treating me as one of fortune's especial favourites ! Then it occurred to me that the whole conversation must he based on some error or false assumption perhaps owing to a similarity of name. " Some mistake !" I faltered out, with a sickly smile. " Not a bit of it!" said the midship man, decidedly. *' The American commo dore on the station quite concurred in the award, aud the agents of the owners of the Henry Clay admitted it without grum bling. Why, Harland, any one would say- that' you were utterly unaware of your own claim, for salvage-money, on the ship you saved, and the cargo of which was of enormous value. Seven thousand pounds, I own, make up a tidy sum, but not a dollar too much, considering how near freight and ship were to Davy's , locker, but for " T think he said more, but his voice sounded and my eyes grew dim, as I reeled on my feet, and should have fallen, but , for Egerton's supporting arm. When I recovered from this momentary weakness I rallied my wits, and was able to learn the truth. It was a fact that, in bringing the American vessel safe into port, I had never contemplated the idea of any pecu niary advantage to myself. My first care, on landing, had been to seek out Messrs. Parker and Mills, and to their counting house my first visit had been paid. It was indeed news to me that the Court of Admiralty, or rather the loeal tribunal of the naval station, had allotted to me the large sum quoted, as my just share of the salvage of the Henry Clay, smaller re wards being assigned to Jerry and the other sailors. Nor was this all, for the gratitude of the passengers for their pre servation from peril had led them to sub scribe a sum of 110 less than fifteen hun dred pounds as a testimonial to myself for the service rendered, and this, though with some scruples, I was persuaded to accept. That I returned home at once may well be conjectured, but having, in the bustle of the moment, omitted to write or tele graph the tidings of my safety, I burst into Dr. Davenport's quiet dwelling at Clevestead with somewhat of the startling effect of a melo-dramatic ghost, and poor —~ — • ■ ■ — — ui. me. My darling—she was looking thin and pale, but happiness soon brought hack the roses to lier cheeks, and the brightness to her eyes—forgave me the thoughtlessness which had caused her some weeks of carting care, and, two months later, we were married, with the consent of all concerned. The money, which was in due course made over to me by the owners of the Henry Clay, enabled me to set up in business as a thriving ship-owner, and since that time I have commanded a fine vessel of my own, and have made pros perous voyages, but none which has effaced the memory of my desperate struggle for life on board the American ship, Henry Clay. 