TI'E COLONEL'S MISGIVINGS. Colonel Francis Chester s'ood in moody silence before the fire which lit up the old hall at Chester-Royal. Ho was about thirty-five years of ago, tall and strong of limb, with straight, good features, and flashing, black eyes Hl ought to have beeoon a happy man. This old hall and fine estate were all his own, his lineage was good, and assuredly of all the Chestors who had ruled the Chester-Royal, Francis was the proudest and most highly honoured of them. As a soldier, he was counted one of the imost (flicienlt in the service; his regimnt., th., Scarlet Lancers-was one of the bost mannnged in the army; his officers loved him ; and his superi,)rs heold up as a pattern to h, safely followed • His men would go and many of them hadr gone-through fire and water lbr him. It was told of him during the Mutiny that terrible year when so many of our nearest and dearest perished in th6 far East -that one of his soldiers had been heard to to say, " Cornet Chester never tells us to ' Go on;' he always cries ' Come on ' " Now that he commands his :regiment, his men have the same faith in him still. And yet Francis Chester did not look happy. He was not happy. SHe was dressed for dinner, and rapidly the hands of the clock neared the hour of seven that New Year's Eve. Frank though t of the old year with feelings in which joy and pain were strangely mingled. To th one that was coming. lie looked forward with a shudder of dread. As he stood twisting his long moustache, with strong, brown fingers, the "clic-clac " of high heels on the parquctcrie floor of the gallery which ran around three sides of the hall, roused him from his reverie. He glanced upwards; his face flushed, then grew as suddenly pale; his eyes brightened thon sank to the fire again, their flashing brilliancy dimmed by hot, regretful tears. The unknowing cause of this emotion came down the stairs and stood beside him-a wee fragile little girl of seventeen, dressed in violet velvet, with swansdown trimmings, a costume which set off her fair, regular profile and long flaxen curls to perfection. Her name was Nelly Drummond and she was Colonel Chester's ward. Her father and he had been comrades and inseptrablo friends, though Major Drummond was ten years Frank Chester's senior. Nelly lived with Mrs. Grahamo, Frank's sister, who was at present doing the honours of his house. Mr. Grahlamo was a barrister of great renown, and had come with his whole family on a visit to his brother-in-law. Neolly came to Colonel ohestor's eide, and put out her pretty warm hands to the warm blaee. "How cold it is, Colonel Chester l" she said shyly. "Very l" he answered. "Have you been taking care of yourself, and keeping out of drafts, my dear ? I almost feared that damp church for you! They had been re-arrang ing the decorations for a festival." "I did not stay very long. Mirs. Grahame saw me shiver, and sent me home. At least, I went round to the station for her." "Did D:rrick Valentine go with you ?" HIe spoke with an effort. He thought her shy constraint was cold dislike, and made his tone as fatherly possible. "And di: you enjoy your walk ?" "It was very cold," she answered, evasively, the hot blood flooding her fair face and throat. Frank's heart was throbbing in agony. The great veins stood out like thick cords upon his temples. Yet he forced himself to go on. "I suppose he has been tolling you the old story, Nelly. HIe asked my consent this morning. I said I must leave it to you. And now, child, am I to wish you every happiness ?" A footfall above warned them of intruders and Nelly escaped into the deserted morn ing- room, leaving Frank with a dull pain at his heart, that told him the worse was come. Poor Frank did not eat much dinner that evening, How could he, with Nelly and DerrickValontine close beside him? He thought they did not look very happy; and that had he beeoon engaged to Nelly, he would not havn be so red and uncomfortable as Derrick Vlentine certainly was. En gaged to Nelly! Ali! the very thought sent the blood leading and thrilling through his v, iis, only to bring the bare truth, back to hits in all its hideousness, that Nelly Drummond must never be anything more to hint than his'swrord; that in a few months she would be married to his subaltern, and he would have the pain of seeing her daily. All! well, it would soon be over. Never must he dream of her again as he` had so often done of late, standing by his side,; flushing under the cloudy bridal veil; wandering in golden honeymoon days, through Alpine splendours, and still Italian cities; watching her amaze6ment at gay Parisian life, and brilliant German spas; oaming home, a tender, happy wife, .to' Chester-Royal; arranging balls and parties; turning out the wardrobes of his ances tresses in quest of theatrical costumes; fill ing the old house with life and light; taking her place as lady of the regiment; return ing with him on dark November evenings from the hunting field; coming to meet him on his return from the barracks,; fastening his precious cross "For Valour" on his tunic; sitting beside him in the church;, lying in the dim twilight, with a baby on her bosom-his child! No! never any more. Ah! how pretty she was! What tender, caressing ways she had! But they were another's, and Francis Chester must live outlalone the life given him ! When the ladies loft the table, Colonel Chester rose to open the door. Nelly cast a piteous glance at him. "Your head aches ?" she asked, inquiringly. " Alittle," he answered trying to smile. If he had spoken truly, he would have told her that it was more heartache than h ad ache that ailed him. In a very short time, the gentlemen joined the ladies in the drawing- roonm. Frank, however, went up to his own room before doing so. As he passed the grey bay window in the gallery; he caught a glimpse of a velvet skirt, while the unmistakable sound of a sob fell upon his ear. He pushed aside the curtains which shrouded the recess, and saw little Nelly in deepest distress. " Mly child." he said, sitting down on the broad window seat beside her, " why these tears? You who should have been so happy !" "Oh, no, no!" she sobbed. "No?" cried he. "Not happy in Dor rick Ventin's love? He loves you very much, Nelly !" "I know !" she whispered. " And does not that makeyou happy?" She shook her head. " Then why have you engaged herself to him ?" asked Frank in astonishment. "I have not !" she a mid, half indignantly. " I told him this afternoon I could not; that I-,, " Liked someone else better," said he, finishing her sentence for her. Nelly did not answer; only her pretty blonde head dro~ped lower and lower against his shoulder. " Who is it, Nelly ?" Somone we do not know of, said my sister. "Not tell me child ?" "I cannot tell you !" she cried possion atety. " Cannot toll me?" How strangely dull and unseeing Colonel Chaster was becom ing ! "Is it possible there can be any secret where you are concerned ? Oh, Nelly, Nelly, I would rather you died than such should be ! Recall your decision, and let me send Derrick to you. He loves you, and your affection will grow for him." Nelly had risen as he spoke. "Colonel Chester," she cried, her face white, her large eyes wild amid dark with pain, "you are cruel to me--cruel, cruel are you! Am I so great a drag upon you that you give me to a man I do not, can never love?" Here she loft offabruptly; and, turning, fled away down the corridor to her own apartment. Colonel Chester's headache and heartache had alike vanished. As he went down the gallery, his only sensation was that of in tense happiness. "Whati courage she has," thought he. " How she blazed up; and how like poor Drummond she looked; and how nicely she let the oat put of the bag, dear little girl!" And then Frank wandered away into the old dreamland, which, only two hours back, he had renounced for over. When Nelly descended into the drawing room Colonel Chester was talking to his sister by the piano. She came gbntly:ihn, and sat down on a low fauteuil near the conservatory door. She sat looking down the long room, fanning herself with a huge fan, whose scented movement lifted the fair curls, and fluttered the soft swansdown trimmings of her dress. But all her little airs and graces could not hide from Mrs. Grahame's quick observation the fact that she was as pale as death, and trembling from head to foot. "What is the matter, Nelly ?" she asked, coming across the room. "Nothing." "But you look as if you were going to faint; and you have been crying." Nelly flushed crimson. "I am all right, aunty " (she sometimes called her aunty); "!I had a fright upstairs. Please don't take any notice." And Mrs. Grahame, fully believing in the legends and traditions of the old house, went on her way quite sure that Nelly had seen a ghost. A few moments after, a man- servant came to Neolly. " Colonel Chester wishes you to go to him in the library, Miss Drummond," he said. "Say I am very sorry I cannot come," she answered, decisively, at the same thime beckoning a yourng man to her side. When Frank returned to the room, he found Nelly occupied with a decided flirta tion, though site was still as pale as death. She would not look at hirb, nor show by the least sign that she knew he .was in the room. Presently, She was asked to sing, and rose at once, too proud to show by refiusal how she was suffering. Someone askedifor: "Marguerite," she belgai it. She kmiew Frank ,as standing beside her. She could see his strong, brown hand, with its heavy signet ring resting on the piano. She sang thie song slplendidly. At the words "Oh, Marguerite, I think I know, I feel he loves me too; But if, alas! it be not so, I prithee tell me true," her voice shook. ever so little, and gradually she wound up to. the last, with. a thrilling, prolonged note. A burst of applause followed,. and. then came a hush, for Nelly ,vaslyin'gin Colonel Chester's arms in a dead faint.- - * The next mobr?ng Nelty rose while the rest of the househ'bld was at chuirch. When she was dressed she went' d'own to the library'to fetch' the second volume of .a novel-she was rea'dinig. Whein she opened. the door, she saw Colonel Chester sitting at the table, writing. .She tried to draw back, buit he.had seen her, and called out, '"Nelly,. I want you. " Then she came ii, looking rather defiant, and very much:frightened. Frank rose and took her hand. -'Are you better this morning?" " Yes, thank you.". "Why did you not come to me last night, when I sent for you?" No hnswor. "Did you know ivhat I wanted to say to you ?" "No,": in the meekest of small whispers. " Then why did you not see me ?" "Because I thought you was going to scold me," she answered, looking up. her eyes full of tears. "I scold ycu, my preeious!" murmured Frank, tenderly. " Aa reirn blanche, when I se1(1l ." "Don't," said Nelly; "Ire boon ill, you know, and I'm not to hbe agitated. If you' talk like tha:t. I shall begin to cry. But, Frank, what a pretty name Roine Blanche is ! You should hear my name for you !" " What is it ?" 'If I tell you. then you will know." " Of course I shall. Comte, tell me ?" "Imperative mocd," Inughed Nelly. " Shall we make it conditional ?" sug gested Frank. "You tell me your name for me, and I will tell you one I have for you' which is ten thousand times the loveliest on earth."'' ", Aon Brave," said Nelly, curiosity get ting the better of her. Now for yours??" M" y wife !" When Colonel Chester and Miss DrI)nm mend descenrled from the Heaven which is one degree higher than the sizth,, he tried to give her a little good advice. "Derrick goes to morrow." " Poor dear! " "-Now don't you think he would be the better match of the two?.? H is ten years younger than I am, almost as rich. very much handsomer, and-" "I am not going to flatter you Frank, however much you may desire or deserve it, but I should like you to unlerstand now, and for ever that I don't like 'raw material.' " Colonel and Mrs. Chester are quite a model couple, and about a year after their marriage their happiness was completed by the arrival of a son and heir. Nelly says he is the loveliest baby that ever wss brought into this sublunary slphre, and that he is the very image of his father. Would you believe that Col'netl Chester is conceited enuogh to take the comptiment to himself'? S. P. 