The Advertiser MONDAY, DECEMBER 4. THE elections just concluded in all the Cor- <*> porations of this colony afford a proof of the quiet, easy manner in which the people of South Australia can manage their public business. With vote by ballot, nothing can be more unexciting than (he style in which the burgesses of oar city and towns esada their franchise. If there is a difference of opinion as to whether Smith or Jones will make the best Councillor or Mayor, the ratepayers, Iflce sensible people, do aot roiiAfT that a question conceniag whir* they ehouM tear their hair, or do anything rad?; bat they jofit appeal to the ballot-box, which is kept open oa the eight-hours' trotem from 0 till 5 o'clock, and the tbiqg is done. Sometimes there is a little lively discus^on prevfcody at public meetings to consider the merits of the candidates, bat, •c a rale, even these gatherings are orderly, ami the speeches terapetate. the late ejections are remarkable for the vbombl number of Mayors and Councillors who have been uxmnimoosly chosen by their f ellow-citueae to oeeosy those important positions. Some of these returns bare been re-elections, in other cases the re cipient of the honor was either a new maa, or had not served the public in such a cap jetty for eosoe year* past Among the re-elections ire weald refer specially to that of the 3t*yar of Adelaide, a native of this dry, to whom this mark of confidence mast be partkalarlv gratifying. Mr. Peacock tools like a Mayor, and in the civic chair has diaplay?d a suavity and, {generally speaking, a talent for managing men, and preserriag debate from irrelevancy or confuaoo, that form great qualifications for theofficeto whichhe hs thus for a second time raised. Heisatso a thorough buoneee maa, and altboajdi great city improvements that we hoped to see initiated this year are etiU delayed,; we believe this has been owrag to circumstances which the Corporation could not control. At Fort Adelaide Mr Bower was elected without op position. Mr. Wig-ley was re-elected without a contest as Mayor of CHenebr, Mr. S. D. Glyde was equally fortunate at Norwood, and Mr. Trapnwnn at ICnd mat?h. Other unopposed elections to the highest civic position were at Brighton, GawLer, Moonta, Strathalbyn. Clare, Goolwa, Eadina, Wallaroo, and Mount Gambier. There were contests for the Mayoralty at Unley and Kaponda. A very large proportion of the Cooncfllors were re-elected with or without a contest, and in tome Corporations the men who, daring die past year managed the Municipal affaire, now without an exception meet around the Council table. The master roll U called, no recruit appears, and there is not a man We scarcely know whether this whole sale return of <A& CouadUors, and these numerous unopposed elections of Mayors, are to be regarded as healthy eagm or not— whether they indicate a decay of interest in municipal affaire, or that the merits of the ratepayers' chaeen representatives are so great and so unquestioned that a contest was avoided because it could have had but one result. We imagine that the truth lies eomewhere between, these two views of the cate. Most of the newly-eieeted Mayors are undoubtedly men of some mark in their own neighborhoods, and justify the faith that b placed in them, and the honor they have so easQv won. This is true, without doubt, of a considerable number of die Counc3lor? who hare walked the coarse, bat it would be useless to deny that others who have been equally soceeeafal have aot yet given proofs of either capacity above the average sound judgment, or superiority to prejudice and the weaknesses of temper that should be looked for in their occupying important places of trust There is some danger of these civic honors being undervalued, and we do not know why this should be. The municipal system is more ancient than the British Constitution itself, and the English and other European peo ples have preserved it through ages of strife and bloodshed, and many changes of dynasty. In South Asstnlk the ajatoat isacreatawof • •t?tate; fat oar Corpo~ ntku are tamtn ??"Wj vpae the prin ciple of OcfifM^H theeghfe* frara tihe flfofam offing •?* tM*% 0* cspewave naiifln.l laiii and <\\-^% ceresac mes that have fvoroked (he cva^Uata of canonists, and ca?ed forth the nJkxJm of eating and tbe lighter raillery of I*. moiisu in the old country. Oar CaqM ration are panic aJEun. They are com posed of Mayor, Conncfflan, and the Town <***, with • aarreyor an* one or more inspectors, ff necessary. We kite aotrpial Aldemm, gwgi^tnde tMf, no ??£*?"?*<? or imposing potato; our Htundtpd Cosncuf attend, as * tale nnte?tefioHlj to fatid^ ?M hy-tmr^ ttmnerer, tfapqgh eminenfly padied, are fey no BMnratepocfnt, aad vc ?Uk tiMt our more influential citueas tookagtcater interest tbaa they do in fwomrapti •^^ and displayed • greater wOtii^oeat to serve as Councillors. Were tins the case we ehoald oftener pidt oar Majora f ?Mb the list of those who bare ?eeo eeniet at Counciflore; and fids again, if it became the custom, would lead good men to seek the kssdeTatedoffice^asaefepfsnggfaJbe totfce higrfarr civic dignity. In Corpoxation^and District Conncik too, we raigvt then end mfn who dupkjed some agn of tslente that could be ntOiaed ia a aute derated pplH-rr. We do not for a momext mfgetA that a good Municipal C<mnc3lor wonld neceatrDy make a good neniber of Par liament. A loan may hare a dear bead and a natural taste for such f"***?** of detail as ugaaOr oceopj tbe atteDnvnof C<npoT*tionB,and yet be who% aatbfe to graep the broad and eonpreacmire prin ciples with which a fepiahtoT b reqaired to deal; bata*a^o?ap man of taln&4oes obtain a footing in a ihraks?ai Corad, he is tlms intTodaced to public l?fe, and is afforded tbe meat* ft erbibMng aacb abilities as eanbebroagbt intoplaj on a limited stage. \MuTewethi?ktfceperwimrfof?awe<rf oar Corpotmtio?? nught be hajprond, we are not iaacnibk to fbebeadtta we ban obtained fraam theae inrtitntwi; Mi when we ?fact nea n Cmwfllwi we giving op their tine for the poUfe good. Ko one can look crer the TanawOerMnle towatofttakkar> viAMit fafe* iiaik wife tbe wa—at of work Hwlbaibwi doneiatbem. Ihen3eaa?dari?ae?fatreete that tbe CorpwatMaa have aaaealaaKiaed are proofs of energy and jodkaoot ovflair, and are eipeeiagf CTedhibfe rrmrtdtfulte proportk?to tbepofnktkn that has paid for them. Bria^aadneonearjbaada^a, nfninKy culkuin% and other naprowttC?tey aU ?bow that tine ntunriptl oncaaiaatioa* andentand real honeet bbor # and tbo^i there Bar beo?M?lc in worto??d?ipl at time?, we tbiak tne eooanmaitT wooU low if tbe bncinea?aecflMfiksbed by these bodies were banned 4fc£t to tbe Otn biihiwml, <xr to Gomnu?iionen, or any other anfeoriticg not elected by the ratcpayen of tbekoali tjes aSeetvd, Tbere are vetj aerioo? dnties to be nxJUertaken byoaarCoaneflbnintbe fiat?VQr t** wafian of ainhatinn wffl tax afi tbeb patience aad Jn% ment to deal with it fiatbfaetnrify. Jhe drainage of Adokade it a matter tbtt wifl oocnpy both tbe Cofpocation •?nd Gm rarlJamnat next year, aod it is eamesUy t? be deafaed that eoowfeadkle flbbenc wfil be <leTtted,M tbe danger of some deadly ppidemir ww|iinjt over Ac dry is yearly increasing, as Ion; as this work ix aegiscted. He eautrae tkm of tnmwsjs and raOwajs to ooa> nect Adelaide with theaebarb? wfflfona a new eta is tbe history of a maaber of HMinicSpalitiee, and we trust that they win endearar, as far ai theyq?,copaMtently whh the iatensts of tbe ratanayet? they represeat, tofad&tatetheextea;?k? of such advantages to tn? pnblic The paailifnof Mayor or CoaacHh* daring the year of office upon which tbe newly elected bare entered wifl probably in many Cor porations be more arduous and inpurtaal than any that has prexded it, and let ?s bope that next December they wfll te able to givp a feood account of their steward diip. It is a fortunate thin? for us that at Uhs yimnA pane crab of European aSun we hare conuaoirieatiao restored with Sioga pote. We were enUed in yesterday * issue to preaent oar readers with telegrams tea Enope a Uttfe mare thae two days okL It i> wane refief to L*nr that opt? Koraster 88ao0d^had toe* d<?v ciAer ly Bb#bbA er Bm£a, to mate peace iav poaatte. Batwrcopfewto fcaTOg^are BUginnge ac to tfae oaitfiiina?ee of peace. Two thii^? are cotais; tbe ITiwmii Ho to be tlje wttkrt in Eonp> r i? grierowlj rfJended at tie zepetxa <* the Beafin n^f—ja^i'^TT**! and the Boaawui potffe have of theirco^d^oaarts froaa the pomrof theTmfa. Petoahmg k giriay tit for tat to Bt. James. F^gWA hare cbed*d the deagns of Boaaia bjonfij iqeetng her mn&xalicmr; to the fianpaan Powe?,aad hjatadie? tbe Bntultflaet to Beiafai Bar. Bnaak Udea a wee, ap puatiy aooraea?es, bat ac aocm as thefadl effect '<* the Bulgarian atrocities hare ldndled popdar niiiilnifnt ia EogUnd agiinrt the Tory QovattaaA, mA cobms a nndEnto tat man derided than the fiiet, and canjinp w*A tt far gimicr iaaaes. The European Coe&renee; maj nee^bvt Bufria telLs Europe hdanktmA what Ac vffl have from Tmbey, aad that if ahe does i?t gel it, war with the Patte and with whomsoever may venture to champion^ lier cause. 7~ It 5s all very well for Lord JLoftus to in terview the Czar, and get from him the amicable assurance that the aims of Russia ?and England are identical, and even the " sacred word of honor that Tie had no in tention to acquire StambouL" It may or it may not be. Russia has not acted towards England in such a way that we can place implicit confideioee in Czaric promises. The front of diplomatic action is constantly changing, and statesmen who can violate treaties, and publish memoran dums in justification, can much more easily find excuses for *{ interpreting" the pro mises of a sovereign. We think that Hie. Czar meant what he said both about Con stantinople and India,' but lie brows well enough that there, is reason for the distrust ?jvith which the aims of Russia are regarded in both directions. This interview of Lord Loftus must Lave been about the 19th or 20th of No- Tember. Our telegrams of the 35th tell us that the Ctear had an interview with foreign Ambassadors. It has an ominous sound -when the autocrat of all the Russias says that he still hopes for peace, but adds the declaration that his honor was pledged to obtain tfie autonomy of the Danubian provinces. He has evidently treated the Conference with impressive hauteur. Xou may meet, gentlemen, and talk over the matter, and I will gladly send a represen tative of mine to help you in the palaver. But be good enough to understand that my aiind is made up as to the course to be adopted. If you agree, it is well; if not . The Marquis of Salisbury, as Am- Jjassador for England, has interviewed Bismarck and Andrassy. in order to dis cover the intentions of Germany and Austria. Germany says she has no mind for war. She intends to be neutral. There can be little doubt that the astute Chancellor wishes that Germany should be at peace. It would hugely please lier to see Russia humbled, and weakened, for the relations between the two* countries have not of late . been very cordial. The race lenmity id strong, and Russia is naturally jealous tif the marvellous advance of the vftifjnari Power. But the new Empire needs tdconserve all her strength for the mortar struggle that must before long take place between her self and France, and she will not, unless compelled by the course of events, take part in a strife in which a hundred -thousand of her best soldiers might lose their lives. As for Austria, there does not appear to have been a declaration of her intentions. The Marquis of Salisbury assures Count Andrassy &?$ England was not an opponent of Russia in principle, by which probably is meant that the present Government are anxious to eeeure justice for the oppressed Christians of Turkey. The phrase, if used, really means anything or nothing. It is one of- those general statements which one is able to make pre vious to entering into a contest about any subject whatever. But it comes in this case with a qualification that has in it a very perceptible meaning. The. Marquis de clares that the attitude of England de pends on the question whether the demands of Russia were such when formulated as not to destroy the sovereignty of the Porte. The situation then up to the present is this. Germany is neutraL Austria is stand ing between Russia and England, like the long eared quadruped between two bundles of hay. Russia says, war, if the autonomy1 of the Danubian provinces is not secured.; "England says, peace, if the sovereignty of ih£ Porte ia not destroyed. How far any degree of " formulating can reconcile these 7 Contrary demands—contrary, but not yet contradictory—time alone will show. The statesmen of St. Petersburg are astute, and the statesmen of Westminster are eager to strike a balance between their own policy and|evident wish of the English people. But supposing that the efforts are unsuc cessful, that Russia insists on destroying the sovereignty of the Porte in the revolted provinces, and that England, or the Tory Government of England, refuses to concede this curtailing of the rights of the Sultan, what then? Is war inevitable? The people of England by a hundred mass meet ings, ardent -tend'enthusiastic, held in all her great towns, has declared that it is time that Turkey gave up her real and eeignorial rights over the Christian provinces. So far as we are able to judge of Euglish sentiment, it harmonises more with the demands of the Czar than with the demands of the Court of St. James. The time has gone by for any party in the State, Tory or Liberal, to drag the nation into war against its will. Stamboul is not threatened, bo die Earl of Beaconsfield'e hope of winning the people to his views is not to bd realised. If he persists, if Lord Derby continues to carry out his lately-expressed views, Parliament will have to be called together, and the question of peace or war will surely de pend on the expressed voice of the nation through its representatives. The mail steamer Tanjore sailed from Olenelg at 9 pm. on Saturday. We are informed that the Rev. J. Han cock was slightly better on Sunday. The Attorney-General (Hon. J. C. Bray) returned from Melbourne by the R.M.S. Tanjore on Saturday. The Tablet, Independent and Presbyterian, Iruth and Progress, and the Garden and, the IxtLd for December hare reached us. We understand that by the will of the late Mr. John Oolfcrell, of Unley, the sum of £141165. has been bequeathed to the Aborigines Friends' Association. The Full Court will not at to-day in the case of William Geoiga Luxmoore. an insol vent, nor the Equity Court to-morrow, in con ?-seuuenttof-fee-civilertting?v- The dosing soiree of the seventeenth session of the North Adelaide Young Men's Society will be held in the Lecture Hall* Brougham-place, this evening. A very interes ting programme is to be presented. -JW^e have "received from the employes of Mr. H. Sterner, of Bundle-street, the sum of £4 BsT6d^towardstiieBte&er; Belief fond. We hope that sufficient money may be contributed to put the poor widow in a position to maintain herself and her two young children. "We have been shown," states the Northern Argus of December L, "a sample of new wheat, which was brought to the Clare mill on Thursday, from.a farmon'ihe Magpie Creek. The sample is clean, and the grain well filled out, and from its plumpness we should imagine it will weigh well." Mr. E. 11. Snellgrove, formerly of Mauritius, and now of the Agricultural De partment of Victoria; arrived by the mail steamer Tanjore. He is well acquainted with the mode of cultivating and treating the sugar cane, and states that he will be happy to afford information on the subject to persons desirous of obtaining it. The promenade concert at the Botanic Gardens was fairly attended on Saturday after noon, December 2. The usual musical pro gramme was rendered in a satisfactory manner by the band. The glorions weather, combined with the music of the band, contributed greatly to the enjoyment of the visitors to this favorite | place of public resort. "The Postmaster-General,'' -writes the Melbourne Argus of November 28, *" has ar ranged for the establishment of a daily over land mail to Adelaide, such as has existed with Sydney for several years. The subject wa9 brought before him by the Eton. E. Ward, Minister of Agriculture in South Australia, who at present is on a visit to the colony. The new arrangement will come into force at the beginning of next year." A memorial to His Excellency the Governor is in course of signature, praying for the release from prison of Mr. TV. V.Smith, i The memorial alleges that the statements in Mr. Smith's letters were only a repetition of the rumors which had been current for many years, to the knowledge of the petitioners, and that Mr. Smith was not actuated by malicious motives. The Rev. J. Hancock; Bible Christian minister, of Bowden, was taken unwell on Wednesday morning, November 22, when he be came unconscious, and fell on the floor. He seemed to recover rapidly till Saturday, Novem ber 25, wnen he suffered a-relapse. Since that time he has been, and still is, very ill. He is under the care of Dr. Way. The Parliamentary party, which is to proceed, by invitation of the Government, to PortPirie, to be -present at the opening of the Port Pirie and Gladstone Railway, will be taken as arranged by the steamer South Australian, which w3l be ready to receive the party at i Glenelg on Wednesday morning so as to make a start at half-past six o'clock. Passengers will have to leave Adelaide by the six o'clock train. It is Btated in the Tablet that " the Jesuit Fathers have received a valuable acces sion to their ranks in the arrival, per City of Paris, of Sevs. Julius Herber, Joseph Sing, j and Anton BJerberg. From the number of zealous missionaries driven out of the new German Empire, the Catholics of India, America, England, and Australia begin to esteem Bismarck and Kaiser William 'propa- j gators of the Faith.'" j The prospectus of a company for the catching and preservation of rabbits has been issued. .The capital asked:.for is £2,500, in 2,500 shares of £1 each. The promoters' list includes the names of Messrs. J. Coles, BLP., D. Nock, MJP., J. Pearce, J.P., H. T. Morris, J.P., S. Osborne, J.P., B. Brewster, and A. Thomson. The services of Mr. A. Forbes, who has had considerable experience in th* trapping and preserving of rabbits in Victoria, have been secured by the promoters. The following mishap is recorded in the Port Firie Gazette of December 1:—" On Wed nesday evening last, while Mr. Banner, butcher of this port, was in the act of yarding a steer fo&he; purpose of slaughtering,the bruterushed at the unfortunate man and gored Mm in the calf of one of his legs, almost penetrating through the flesh. Dr. Mudie, under whose care Mr. Banner is placed, Bays he will pro bably be laid up for four or six weeks.'' According to the Mount Gambler paper of December a, ? the enquiry into the mysterious fires which occurredat Messrs. Pateel's and Yor werk's on Saturday and Sunday last did not lead to anything definite being discovered. Suspicion strongly pointed to same one about, Mr. Vorwerk's farm being the incendiary* bat there was not sufficient evidence to fix the guilt on any one. Mr. Vorwerk and family appear to be under the impression that the fires are due to supernatural agency. They are very charitable." We regret to hear of the death, at Ids residence, Port Elliot, of Mr. F. B. Laurie, the well-known special magistrate. Mr. Laurie bad been in bad health for several years, and so his demise was not altogether unexpected. Some time ago he visited England, but the improve ment in health thus effected was only tempo rary. Mr. Laurie was a gentleman of scientific) attainments and much general information. He secured .the warm esteem and high respect of the people amongst whom he moved. The following iB Saturday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, cloudy, cool; Strangways Springs, clear, hot; Peake, clear; Charlotte Waters, fine; Alice Springs, clear, fine, pleasant; Barrow Creek, clear, very warmj; Tennant Creek, clear, fine, warm; Powell Creek, clear, warm; Daly Waters, few clouds, warm; Katherine, few clouds, very hot; Pine Creek, clear, hot; Yam Creek, clear, fine; Southport, cloudy, fine, sultry; Port Darwin, clear, fine, warm. Our Kapunda correspondent, writing under date December 1, says:—" All the teams employed on the Kapunda and North-West Bend Bailway have this morning left the works and come into the township, owing to dissatis faction with the ganger, Mr. FurnelL A meet ing of all those interested will he held to-day. It is said that it is not because of the hours or wages, but entirely because of the ganger that they have struck work." A meeting of the general committee for making arrangements for the approaching Foresters' Picnic was held at the Oddfellows* Hall, on Friday evening, December 1. A pro gramme submitted by the sports committee was adopted, and other matters were decided. It was announced that several handsome dona lions had been received; and it is thought that the liberality thus displayed, combined with the energy which the committee are displaying in their work, will cusurc for the picnic a suc cessful issue. On Monday afternoon, November 27. a son of the Key. Cr. W. Patchell, M.A^ of the Burra, met with a. serious accident. The Kmiha-n Hail states that " he was crossing the footbridge on the road from the Wesleyan Church to Commercial-street, and stumbling over a piece of the timber fell down the side of the bridge, which is about 10 feet above the bottom of the creek. He sustained three severe cuts on the left side of the head. Dr. Nesbit was called in, and under his care the little sufferer is now progressing favorably, but on Tuesday and Wednesday he was in a very pre carious condition. 1' The surrey for the railway line between Mount Gambler and Biroli Bay is proceeding slowly. The Border Watch, of December 2, states that "up to date only some 14 miles are surveyed, and the question naturally arises, ijibjffive months to survey fimSea, haw' long mv it take to survey 55 ?ile?? Itwaa understood Ihat the Government wonld have the surveys of the new railways in such* a for-' ward state that they could call for tenders for' their construction early next year. They will have to put more strength on to the Bivoli Bay line if the commencement of the work is in any way contingent on the completion of the sur vey." The City Coroner (Mr. T. J. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Globe Hotel,. Hindmarah, on Friday, December 1, on the body of a boy named Henry James Brazil!, 15 years of age, who was accidently killed by falling down a well on Wednesday morning, November 29. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death, and added as a rider—"That great praise is due to the young lad Edward Warner for his conduct hi going down the well in so prompt a manner, and for the valu able assistance which he rendered by holding the deceased's "head above water until further ? assistance came. The Wallaroo Times of December 2 reports that "an accident occurred on Thurs day last, which might have had a fatal termina tion, but for the proverbial good luck which j attends drunken men. A man named Jeffreys, ] of Moonta, was driving a dray and two horses towards tlie railway crossing opposite the Post- Office. He was sitting on the side of the cart with his legs inside, and being very far gone \ with liquor, lost his balance, and fell heavily over on to his right shoulder, with his hand a little way from flic wheel, which would in evitably have gone over it, had he not luckily accidentally jerked the reins as he fell, which stopped the horses. He was driven away by his eon, not much the worse apparently for his tumble." A fire took place in the Lodge room of the Bath Hotel, Norwood, at about 3 ajn., on Sunday, December 3. The fire was discovered by a lodger sleepingina detached building, who imTnpfli?iiPly aroused the inmates, and the alarm was given to the Norwood police, and afterwards to the Adelaide Mounted police. Benbow's No. S Reel was soon in attendance, and in about an hour the flames were got under. The building, however, was completely gutted, and the roof fif a shed at the back was burnt;. The building was insured in the Equitable Fire Insurance Company, and an - inquest will be held to-day. No information aX to how tfaa fire originated has yet transpired. The Northern Argtvs of December 1 re-* ports that" a man lately in the employ of Mr. NattjOf the Yatina Hotel, died a few weeks ago in the Jamestown police celL The poor fellow was brought down from Yatina by A trooper, suffering from a most severe attack of ery?ipelas, and in extreme danger. He had to be lodged in these rough quarters, and waa found dead on the bench the next morning. His name, we understand, is John Taylor. Accidents are of frequent occurrence in the North, and helpless persons are so often brought to Jamestown that the settlers have thought it desirable to have a cottage hospital established, and we hear ttat steps have been taken for that purpose." The Gaxdenere' Mutual Improvement Society held t&eir; annual dinner at the Clarence Hotel on Saturday emening,December2. About four and twenty gentiemen^at down to a sub stantial repast, served up, in Host LindrunVs well-known recha-cke style. Mr. B. Ingleby, Q.CL, the president of the society, occupied the chair. After ample justice had been done to the good things provided, tite chairman proposed " The Queen." 'The vice-chairman, in a brief eulogistic speech, proposed the toast of "The President of the Society," and that gentleman having responded, the toasts of "The Secretary," " Librarian," "Mr. Phillips" (the originator of the society), and ? The Hdef followed in rapid succession. A very pleasant evening was spent, and the proceedings terminated at an eariy hour. "We occasionally hear/ remarks the Northern Argus of December L, "of horses running a long journey in a remarkably short space of tinve, bat the latest on dit caps all we have heard. A good many people in the neigh borhood of Clare are aware that Mr. M. Ryan, I late of the Clare Hotel, had a pair of fast-going ponies, and that they were able to perform a fair jonrney. We are told, however, that on Saturday last the ponies, attached to a buggy in which were three persona, besides luggage, left Clare for Adelaide, and thattfre party were only eight hours and a half on the way—a distance of 89 mites. It is further stated that the nnimgln needed no urging, and that they ap peared fresh when they reached the city." If the story'be true it does not say much for the feeling for dumb animals possessed by the occu pants of the vehicle. The Eapmda Herald of December 1 understands I'tint Mr. Beid has been placed in possession of more land for the gupnnrfn and North-West?end Bailway, viz^in Mr. Abra ham White's paddocks, Bagotfs WeH. At the time we write a number of the hands who were discharged last week have had the option of setting to work again, and by the tame our paper is issued all of them will have had the opportunity of resuming their employment. Some of them, however, are so foolishly parti cular as to give one the impression they don't care for work. It is of course -all very well if they have secured better engagements eke where ; but it certainly is ridiculous that some of the men who had been kept on, when told they would be moved (tile work on which they had been engaged being finished) out to Bagot's Well, objected to go so far out of Kapunda, and requested to be paid off in preference to going there." A meeting of young gentlemen who had formerly attended Mr. Caterer's school was held in that gentleman's schoolroom, Norwood, on Thursday evening, November 30. The object of the meeting was to form an Old Scholars' Ass ociation in connection with Mr. Caterer's school, with a view to encouraging his present pupils by the presentation of prizes, &c;, at the annual ex aminations. Mr. B. A. Moulden was elected chairman. Mr. P. Wood proposed the first resolution— ** That it is desirable to form an Old Scholars' Association in connection with Mr. Caterer's schooL" Thfe was seconded by Mr. Frew, and carried unanimously. It was also resolved "That Mr. E. T. Smith be requested to act as president to the association, and that Mr. B. A. Moulden be vice-president.'' The following office-bearers were elected: —Com- mittee, Messrs. P. Wood. H. Talbot, Noltenius, Gooden, Whitham, and F. Frew; secretary, Mr. Alex. Frew; and treasurer, Mr. T. A. Caterer. The foundation-stone of the Saddleworth Government Schoolhouse was laid on Wednes day afternoon, November 29, by Mrs. E. Siek mann, in the presence of a large assembly of children and a goodly number of adults. Mr. Witham (Inspectorof Schools), who introduced Mrs. Siekmann, urged upon parents the im portance of education—its advantages to the young, and the desirableness of parents co operating with the teachers by sending their children punctually and regularly to school. He then presented to Mrs. Siekmann a very handsome silver trowel, made by Mr. H. Sterner, of Adelaide. After the lady had used the trowel and mallet, and Mr. Witham, on her be half, had declared ibe stone duly and properly laid, the children were invited to a tea in the schoolroom, provided by the master (Mr. Harry), and after partaking of a bountiful repast smuEcd themselves at various games. They were then marched, put through the drill ex ercise, and dismissed. "The purchasers of the Geltwood wreck have now made arrangements for gpji.ing what they can out of tin hull," states the Border Watth, of December 2. "They have engaged a small steamer of 25 tons burden to takea work ing party to the scene of the wreck and convey the goods recovered to Bivoli Bay. The steamer took the diver round to the wreck a few days ago, and the weather being favorable he made a complete survey of it. It -was found that the vessel was not, as supposed, lying on a reef, but alongside a solitary rock within a short distance ?£*<&£ surface of flic wtrirj and anrtasd wlsW gone a few feet either my she would km missed this rock and gone right on to the beach, when probably those on board would have been saved. She appears to have bt^Uft^rigaam to the rock, which then crashed through, her. The working party tirink there wffl b*atwafs a heavy swell at the place, bnt they aresangpifte they will recover a good deal of tbecamftstill en board. They do not anticipate basing to encoonter such great dH?caltiegag they swstMi fally overcame ia working wrecks on. King's Island." A gathering of an interesting nature took place on Thursday evening, November 30, at the Stow Church Lecture Hall, where ttenaeuaien j of fiie Bible dam and choir, wifh friends, net at the invitation of Mr. Jas. Shakespeare to I spend a social evening. A variety of games were | taken part in prior to supper, to which about 90 persons sat down. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., proposed "The Bible Claw," coupling with the toart the name ?f it? President, Mr. Jas. Shakespeare, who respondetb. A pleasing { ceremony then took place, Mr. Richards, on j behalf of the class, presenting. Mr. Shake- speare with a splendid photographic album Mr. Shakespeare, in retimitngtk?nkB t remarked atinnineout often cases of presentations the | recipients had some inldingof what was comi?g. He, however, conld honestly state that not a breath bad reached him of their intention. The Rev. A. Scales, in a few happy remarks, proposed " The Choir," Mr. L. Grayson respond- ing. After other toasts bad been honored, games were resumed, the company separating shortly after midnight. Ab we reprinted die paragraph referred to, we quote the subjoined from the Norther* Mail of December 1:—"Our notice in last week's issae of the <leath of Mr. Csllen, of Hampton, was in some respects erroneous, and we have been requested to correct some of the statements made. We ate informed by one of his relatives that he was not living alone daring his illness, but was attended by his daughter; that he had been suffering from, dysentery and other ilmees for the last six years; that instead of its being impossible to rouse him from the state of drowsiness into which he had fallen on the Monday, he re* covered so far as to be conscious until the next morning, when he again fell into the same state, and died shortly afterwards; tha* the state ment as to its being supposed tha* ihc cause of death was an overdose of landaunm has no foundation, as be took only one dose of the medicine prescribed from the Sunday to the time of his death; and that he was attended by a medical manj so that no official iavestiga? tion into the circumstances of the case was re quired. The deceased was a colonist of 23 years." The President of the Conference (Her. W. P. Wells) has received a telegram from the Bey. J.B.Waterhouse, of Sydney, Secretary of the General Conference, to the following effect:—All the Presidenta concur ia admitting lay representatives to the next Animal Con ferences" Elections will therefore take place at the approaching December Qoarterly Meeting*. " Thisimportaut Megaa," toe MetkodistJovrmd *M.yn " informs onripnrterly meetings of their aew functions, which we •op pose will be invariably and faithfully dis charged. The method of ballot not having been specified, there remain two modes of pro cedure. The Chairman will either ask any lay members of the meeting to nominate suitable men, and then call |or a ballot of the nominees, or he may ask the meeting to ballot without nomination. Bnt as any representative most be a member of four years'1 continuous stand ing, and a member is the circuit electing him at the time, the nomination of eligible members will prevent the waste of votes upon any who may not be tans qualified, as the fact of his standing would be elicited before the votes were taken. Of course the representative need not be a membor of the Quarterly Meeting." A meeting of die inhabitants of the Hundred of Andrews was held on Wed nesday, November 23, at the residence of Mr. J. Campbell, Trelyn, with a view to getting some small sections of land in that honored that had been gazetted for sale, and which it was considered had been set apart by the Government as public reserves, withdrawn from 6ale. Mr. D. Campbell occupied the chair Mr. F. Tresize proposed—" That a memorial be prepared asking the Commissioner of Grown Lands towithdraw-front sate Section B?ff,known as the Flag Quarry Beserve i SectonSSL known as the Yakafo Waterhote?Merve; tSftetfcrtn 184 and 274 on the road to Glare and the southern townships." He said he had seen no place where they were so badly off for roads as they were in the Hundred of Andrews, and that if they were not allowed to trespass on private property they could not take a load of wheat to a*market] where they would get good value for it. Be said it was well known that section 253 was a regular crossing and water-place, as the Yakala Creek ran for miles on either side of the reserve through private property. The value of other sections as re serves was also forcibly pointed out. The pro position was seconded by Mr. McAskill, and carried unanimously. Mr. A. MeLeod proposed and Mr. B. Stalley seconded—" That Messrs. T. Sommerrille, Angus and Allan *f*.|?*r'H, F. Tresize, and D. Campbell form a committee to cany out the object of the meeting." This was the largest meeting ever held in the neighbor hood, and was very orderly throughout. On Sunday, December 3, IBs Jjordshiu Dr. Reynolds, assisted by the Bey. Father Prendergast and the Bey. Father Kehoe, bud the foundation-stone of Sst. Mary's School, Pirie-Etreet. Most of the leading Catholics of the city and suburbs were present, including a very huge number of children. A procession, chanting the litany of the 8.V.M., started from the cottage that has until now been used as a school. It consisted of a crossbearer, choristers from the cathedral, and children belonging to the school, in charge of some Sisters of St. Joseph. Father McDloskey was also present. The prayers usual on such occasions were read, and hymns sung by the children. His Lord ship, after blessing the four corners of the stone and lowering it into its place, gave a short and earnest discourse, showing the danger of the secular system of education, and gave numerous instances of attacks on the Catholic church being first of all directed to wardstheir school system. He said the cost of the building would be £350, of which £75 had been collected. Hie appealed to those present to assist him and the aagy in carrying out the work just commenced; and intimated that he hoped, on some future day, to make use of the building as a sacristy for a church which, when funds permitted, he would erected on that block of ground for tiie use of Hie Catholics residing at the east end of the town. The donation* placed on the stone amounted to £42, The site of the school is on the south side of Pirie street, between Pulteney-street and Acland strect. We extract the following paragraph from the Border Watch of December 2:— ** Much regret was expressed on Thursday when. it became known that Mr. T. C. BUis, of Benaira, had been arrested on a charge of com plicity in the theft of goods from the wreck of the Geltwood. Mr. Ellis was hcovgfa* before Mr. Turner, SJfcL, on Thursday morning, and the enquiry, like aU the others, took place with closed doors. It was at first arranged that the case should be heard publicly, bnt before com* mencing the case defendant's counsel asked that the evidence might be taken in private. They said the evidence in the case of the other prisoners bad been beard secretly, and they could not see why their client should be dealt with differently. The SJL aatd he had no objection whatever. He had not see, however, what the mode of conducting the examination in this case had todo with the other cases. The examinations were held privately, not at <fee desire of die prisoners, but in furtherance of the ends of justice. He had no objection to grant the application. Counsel for defendant then ' asked if it was the intention of the police to apply for a**—and. The SJC said he was in *%*^B*B???^Ba4L?:a****Ba***Ma*^aV>'^Baaa^Bft^B*****¥ a?^a^BSkSam toaskfera- Mawsai, Mr. Bastaa enquired if the ait. wauUtake Wa Mca-eofaranand, hot the SJL sail he would m* while defendant wasnadeej??aaadL The ooart was then deawd, and <he attorn dkjsad. Mr. Bfo wished Out tbeeogn^sliiwlj J*apwfc?ean?, bw* be was 1?J !a?Mp?jk^?B??^s?j?^^MuJl w^awa flSs?^^aVW wS^aw. Bwawl^Bwa***Pa*B#*l*L £H??mBl *kr tm waa adjourned for a** more thanjjsjii ?% yrfto enaMe ?fee go?ce toget further iviai?a l Tt?twgaitaiiitaiwl it is a?a~ bable tba enquiry wiU be wsomed to-day. It is puNjaflSv save or m saoae a?cscs vni ?•> -made, whoa the payee will consider their, labor* in the ease at an ?•*." The Kartitern Atytts f reqocntly coataixe very tangible iieniatka on agricvlttDal matter*. In its latest issue it says:— "Those who oeeopy Sooth Aa*tn2s? farms smear to be atill wedded to what cnltivatiotL to flle abaiinw him mof ahswtewy other ?r*p. A few af tJbe wally practical agricaWiste have faiai mangoH wnrted as a substitute for fodder Car eattfe, tot they have grow* it on too tissjiriU acak to tect ite value. Inthaolddicbictis. where many of thefaoHn arew^todo,and?heic£anmaitesttiaa.totry I exptnuenfa, theyarecontent to see ttwir land I well nigh worn oat withoot maiji^. an effort to render it again fertile, or to, rid it of weeds or even cultivate grasses suitable to ! the soil and climate. We are sorprised that | they should be so tSaw to learn in. tins par- ? ticular. We might travel over whole districts ; wifliout seeing one acre oa a farm under root crop. There may be seen a few hrif- stwwefl ' cows, which scarcely give nafficirait bbOc to supply the household. Had attention been ; given to the cultivation of w**c**\ these farms could have kept a namber of cattle ia good condition. We believe that dairy farms in conjunction with wheat-growing would pay weH, and the ground wooMby&at; method b* kept fertile. Cattle ace exceedingly fond of mangold wuxtzel, and the nut Is neh, conse quently the butter from cows fed on it is said to beddiciocs. W?sfaoaldia?to?eetfeefanaes* breakaway from their prejadker and foy root I cropping. But it oruat not be done ia a alo- I venly way. In order to ensure aueeeas 4b* ground mnjt be manured and well ploughed and pulverised. While the plast we yowing weeds must be kept dawn, and if ttrai takea care of, should the aeasoa be favorable, they wonld be rewarded with a heaTycnip for tiwu ?bor. We have aeeniwtck^ of mangold sowa in the gardens of some of the farmer*, bat as no care was takea either in the pn-paaatiosi of the soil or tibesahwauent faeataaent, the roots appeared small. But it not have a fair trial, and if that ie given we hare no fear of the re sult," On Friday evening. December I, the members of the Oorpon?tion of Brigbfcm gave aaupfwra* tfaa Seaside Hotel to Mr. T. King, aY Jnani Isata Wfamm^ 9wk*. 7 ilia B t JKJEtfy w§KI fIHC Xafiw^^W ilwvlQsnl?n QEIHBQ past awijrta?l ea—rflkra; awl Mt—?. J.F. Stow. J^HaggC?ufatiwtaaa?nt af Ike BUad aad Deaf anXDuSTAsyioni), and Jaofcrn we? laaseat aa visiten. Mr. Dowmag, Ab newly rieetou Wtmgm, ?w?pirf the SS. a*d Mr.Oaaafillsr TVauaanttw viar ffcair. After [ tiie loyal taa*ta,thedwiia?B?frapaaedtheteast t oftb*evmi?g,tiae healtit of faefr gaeat, who bad far fow m—urtiUn ys aflal tfae nai tion of Mayor of Brighton wfttk gnat abyivy, with benefit to the district and aatasmetiom to the latepayers. He and all who had been cou?ciUena?B4acMr.Kiat-?terntofafieebad found it a pleasure to work with him aad under his presidency; and now Mr. Kbk wnlaatlaiily took tbe leaser aosttaon of toundUor, On showing his fuwkasi from excessive ambi tion, aad bis waiagaea? to serve the intenats ef the town and district. Mr.Kng alsoaadcazued tfaeir gntitaaleby favefforta to have a railway b?ought to Brighton; aad though ha had been unsuccessful in this matter, that was not Ms fault. Mr. King, ia returning thanks, caressed the pleasure he had always experienced in working with th* councd tors of Brighton; for during the four yean tint he had been Mayor, whatever dinVreaoe of opinion they might hare had there had never were all friends to each other a* they were to the district. He congratulated their chairman on his election, unopposed, to the position of Mayor, and was sure he was the right man in the rigfatpiace. He thanked them heartily for the <wmsimwtt they bad paid him ia in viting hnn to that banquet in hu honor. He had lived in Brighton for some years, and was attached to it, not on tint ac count alone, Lot became he owed to that dis trict bis first introduction into public life. That town elected him mayor, aad it was at the request of his Brighton friends Oat he was induced to become a *?^s?i?*f for the representation of the District of Start in Parliament. In whatever position they placed him as their representative he would always endeavor to do his best for their in terest*. He regretted that the Brighton Bail way 801 did not pass, but he hoped, and be lieved, they wonldTbe morec?eeesvfnl next year. Before he sat down he would propose -The Betiring Councillors aad the Officers," who had all deserved well of the ratepayers. This toast having been responded to, other toasts, includ ing the " Town aad Trade of Brighton," the " Visitors," the * Chairman," and *• Vioe-Chair : man," followed, and were suitably aeknow- I ledged, aad a very pleasant evening* proceed , ings were brought to a dose at a reasonable i hour by the company ringing '"Auld Lang ; Syne." i The annual swimming matches in con nection with the South Australian Swimming i Club are to take place at the City Baths this I evening. 1 An entertainment mto be -riven in the Port Adelaide Town Hall this evening by the local Amateur Chrwtyn, in aid of the fond* of the Queen aad Albert Cricketing Oval. Hie Lo-Lo Combination Troupe haro been performing oa Yorkt's Peninsula with great success. An entertaimneut was given in the Paynehatn Institute, <m Friday evening, De cember 1, in aid of the Building FuadV Mr. H. E. Downer, SJL, was ia ttte chair. The programme was carried out with spirit aad greatly enjoyed. Two lady aawteura ante the ! "BHin CaU," and "I know a Bank," very sweetly, and had to submit to aaeaeore. Mr. Plnmmer was encored for the exseUeut manner inwnkhheaaag "Friend of <fae?nwe.- Thi. gentleman also gate "David Bhang before Hani." Mr. J. Naah's " Maid of AtSew' **d "SUveShip" were well awag. The notations contributed by Messrs. F. WJgaeU, B, Murray, G. I*gw,andO. J. fiankin woe vety sueoeai fully given, aad especially WMthksoiarecard to Mr. Bankm's, who was encored twice. The entertainment concluded with the "Comely of Marriage. 9 Overture* by Measrs. Coward aa< G. Oawthome, on the violin and piano, wen brilliantly played. Mr. Cawthorae presided at the piano during the evening. There was a full house at the Theatre Boyal en Saturday evening, to mitmm the ea tarteismest ?f the Faddr of Oeiu. The ssaal iwngrawnne was anbmiUed. The entzmaeed lady and the Indian repa tridc werepartieu laifyadmkei. CufCamMafameandMrTMcGoe were the representative* of the audience who went on the stage daring the time occupied by tfaerope trick aad the dark and tightdances but they were qaite as annttiied at the rest of the spectators. Madame Savestar aad ltrs.Eia{MK>a wen very eoceasafsl in their efforts. "Castles in the air, 9 by Mrs. Enqaaon, was deservedly encored. Mr. Empaon was ahw encored, and caused conskkxable amuMment, more espe cially amongst the Olympians, by his comic singmg and speaking. The whole concluded with the glittering spectacle of the Fairy Foun tain, which highly delighted aO present. Dr. Silvester announced Oat this evening the "Ghosts' 1 would be brought oa the stage. 