CORONERS' INQUESTS. DROWNED IN THE PORT CREEK. An inquest was held by the City Coroner at the Family Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday, December 18, upon the body of a young man named William Fitzgerald, who was drowned whilst bathing on Sunday morning, December 17\. Mr. Bennett was chosen Foreman. Maurice Fitzgerald, labourer, Port Adelaide, identified the body lying in the Police Station as that of his son William, whose age was 22 years. He stated his son was a boot and shoe maker by trade and a single man. Saw him alive last on Saturday evening. Was quite sober then. His mother asked lum for some money, and he threw her down 19s. and said he had only Is. left. On Sunday morning, about half-past 8, saw the stretcher pass. We thought it was deceased, and found it to be the case. He was in tbe habit of taking too much to drink. Had no idea where deceased slept on Saturday night. James O'Brien, labourer, Glanville, deposed— Met deceased on Saturday night, about 11 o'clock, at Hewen's public-house. Might have had a glass or two. Deceased slept with him (witness) on Saturday. Both got up about 6 o'clock on Sunday morning. Deceased seemed jolly. Went to Beid's together and had a glas* of whisky each. Left there and went to Parsons's, and had some more whisky. Went to Beid's again about a quarter to 7, and had some more whisky. After that they fell in with a young man he did not know, and a little after 7 the three of them went to the Port Creek for a bath. Were on the best of terms. Deceased undressed first and swam over to tbe other side, about 200 yards. Got over safely and stood on the other side. Witness and deceased plunged in together, and met in the middle of the river. Witness was about -10 yards from him (deceased), and noticed he leant his head forward. Could only see tbe back part of it. He did not speak. Witness seized hold of deceased and swam with him to. a barge. He struggled a little, and both went down twice. He (witness) was then bound to let deceased go, fearing he should be drowned himself. Left deceased in the water and swam ashore. The police came before he left, and picked the body up. It was about half-past 7 when deceased went into the water. Was drowned a little before 8. William Bennett, seaman, Port Adelaide, stated he was present when deceased was drowned. Did not think ho was sober. Had got out of the water, and saw deceased as though he were taking a dive, but that must have been when he was drowning. Did not know deceased. Did not think anything more could have been dene. Went for police, but met them coming. John Harper Reid, licensed victualler, Port Adelaide, said—Yesterday morning deceased and two young men came to his house for drink, which they had. They asked for a second, but he refused to give it them, thinking they had had enough. Thought they were all half-gone Saw nothing more of them. Robert Bird, L. C., Water Police, deposed— Was called yesterday morning to drsg the P-jrt Creek for body of deceased, Was. Fitzgerald. It was about fl o'clock. Went with four constables. Found the body about fifteen minuts^ to 11. Saw no marks of vioionce on the b jdy. Heard no quarrelling. Knew deceased well. Thought he drank a good deal lately. As a rule ho was good-tempered, and never saw hict quarrel. Thought he had been in the water three hours. The Jury without retiring returned a verJbt "that deceased was accidentally drowsed whilst bathing in the Port Creek. THE FAKIR OF OOLU.—On Monday evening, December 18, Dr. Silvester presented hi3 fourth change of programme. The attendance was below the average, but the ringing and acting of Mr. and Mrs. T. Empson, the impersonations of Miss Daisy Silvester, the singing of Madjaic Silvester, and the amusing utterances cf tho educated lien "Leo" were well re-iefved. A new ghost sensation entitled " GHNV.MAS Beli's, 1 ' was produced, which, thorah ratiisr Improbable as to plot, served to iatrcduc-3 s;,io-r; ethers spectres of the The Demon Avz-ics, Father Christmas, a good angel, and a covx-ls of death sccces. The shadow effects were -.-soli managed, and tli3 whole affair may emphur^j; 1 ,!'? be said to be a most successful ona. Tie p.-cgrammo concluded with the fairy fciin'a/u, whose over-changing hues :s a source of cp.ticn to ail spectators. The ic-.mta.in i-^</ ia the early pari of the ev&aicg;, S.L.1 the effect cf considerably lowering tte tea ture of the tbsatro. THE SXIZH MKMOBIAL.— WE have feoai Messrs. Cull-an & Wig'sy a print jd c- w nt tv« roerooMj-1 to His Ssc-Usncy ia f :Y3-rV? Mr. W. V. Smith. 