JTHMS OF NEWS. Mr. Joseph Leahy arrived in town on yesterday afternoon, and will, according to announcement elsewhere, address tlio electors at the Court House at 5 o'clock this after* noon. At the Police Court on Wednesday, beforo P. A.. Tompson, Esq., J.P., John Dounelly, brought up on a chnrge of being of unsound miud, was remanded for medical treatment. John Hendry, charged with drunkenness and-with using obscene language, was lined 10s for each olFenoe ; and Francis Pitt, for drunkenness, was cautioned and discharged. On Friday, before the P.M., John Doody was charged with larceny from the dwelling of John Thomas, of Wagga. The prisoner was taken into prosecutors liouso to work a few dayB beforo Christmas, and on tho 29th December, Thomas having left his house, which ho had locked up, for a time, roturncd and found that it had been broken into, and at once missed a tent and some other things. Ho wont oyer to North Wagga and saw tho prisoner with tho things iu his possession, and took them from him and returned to get a policeman. On going to his house again ho saw that his box had bocn broken open, iud discovered tlmt a silver watch had boon abstracted therefrom. *. The prisoner sold tho watch, which tho proscctifcnr identified, to a man named Kavanagh. Margaret Dooson deposed to having seen tho prisoner enter Thomas's house on the dny in. question, aiid the bench committed the prisoner for trial at tho next' Circuit Court. Robert Henry Bullock was brought up on a charge of vagrancy, and failing to show that ho had any lawful means of support, was sent to gaol for one month. •\Vk learn from our Narandcra correspon dent that Archdeacon Pownall paid, tint place a'visit on Saturday last.. Our corres pondent states that the visit occasioned some surprise amongst the people of the town, as nearly two years have passed since they wero similarly favoured for a few hours. It is reported that a change of proprietor ship will take place at some of the Naran dera Hotels. A Mr. M'Donald from Vic toria contemplates taking up his qtiartors amongst tho Naraudcra people. Tiie shoddy men are on the move again and have made their appearance in tho Braidwood district. It may be useful to tho settlers of this district to give them warning that these geutry have commenced operations. Tneir usual courso is to call at the different settlers houses with patterns of goods to be had marvellously cheap, for which they pretend to take orders. Tho orders are never executed-but serve as ax blind to palm off some rubbish they gener ally carry with .them,'shoddy goods abso lutely worthless . being thus foisted on to those who are ignorant of their value. • Tjik Hamilton Spectator oxelaiin3, " Well done "Wagga," in reviewing tho balance-sheet of the Murrumbidgeo Turf Club, and point3 admiringly to tho club's energy as shown in the Easi er race programme, and to the liberal offer of ;C100 per annum, for a secretary. The Spectator asks the Hamilton sportsmen what they would say to a balance-sheet like, that of tho M. T. Club. We learn from a notification in the Government Gazette that Mr. Michael Joseph Callaghan, son of Mr. M. N. Callaghan of this town, has been appointed a licensed surveyor. It is with cxtretno regret wo havo to j record the sudden death at North Wagga of i Mrs. Hall, tho wifo of Mr. J. P. Hall. It i appears that Mr. Hall, went out early yester day, morning, leaving Mrs. Hall in bed and apparently well. . On returning about an hour or so after, he found she was dead. .The.srcI occurrence has cast a feeling of gloom over tho neighbourhood, where the deceased was much and deservedly respected. We believe Mrs. Hall was for a long time a sufferer from heart diseaso. Tin: Magnet Variety Tronpo appeared at the .Masonic Hall 011 Wednesday and Thurs day nights to very indifiercnt houses. Tho ontertainmeut certainly merits a larger share of support than any yet awarded to it. The, singing of Mrs. Wilton is good, the ;lmfFo songs in which she took part with Mr. Wilton were rendered with more than the average effect, and the panoramic exhi bition of tho troupe with its well-painted pictures of the Overland Route, and vivid sketches of episodes in tho Franco-Prussian War combine to make the entertainment a vory attractive oue. The company, it will be seen, appears again to-morrow night, and in the afternoon gives a special pauoraiuic per • formance for juveniles. Some, time ago complaiuts wore made in these columns as to tho character and scarcity of the water at our Public School. The attention of the Local Board was drawn to the matter, and application was made by them to the Council of Education for their sanction for the necessary outlay in pro viding water' The Council have, we learn, ■ given the necessary sauetion, and a meeting of the Local Board was held yesterday to consider the best means to adopt to procuro a proper supply of water. It was intended to construct a tank, but it is now thought that a tube well might be sunk, and the Board have resolved to mako further enquiries as to the eflicacy of these wells before deciding. The Board are anxious to have a supply of good water as speedily as possible, and the matter will therefore receive their earnest attention. A. case of sunstroke occurred near Burraja,, on Thursday last. It appears, according to tho Corowa Chronicle, that Mr. Hefferntm overseer at the Clear Hill's station, was found on the road near Burrajn, in a state of partial insensibility, and was taken to tho Nil Dcs porandum Hotul,'where he was attended to until next morning, when lie was taken to Corowa for medical attendance. He however, gradually sank mul'expired in tho evening. At the magisterial inquiry, a verdict of acci dental death wns returned. . The following are the nimics of-the players in tho Intercolonial Cricket Match, as finally arranged. Tho greater portion of the team left Melbourne for Sydney by the Macedon on Tuesday, Allan and Alexander going over land t—R Allan, G. Alexander, C. Alloc, 23. B. Cooper, S. Cosstick, E. Elliott, T. Horan, W. Midwinter, J. Swift, O. C. Williams, T. W. Wills. Emergency, Austin Loughnan. Umpire, Mr. E. H. Prevot. Tub days of Hill End's glory appear to liavo departed with a rengcnuce. Somo time ago the j)lacc was able to support two news papers. Tho Observer first gave way, and now tho Hill End Times lias given up the ghost, in consequonec of the miserable encou ragement the business men of tho placo gave to it. Women and Work states that two ladies, Miss Orme and Miss Richardson, have re solved to enter tho legal profession in London, aud havo commenced business as conveyancers, having Chambers in Chancery Lane. Although the step, has been so recently taken, much business is already confided to their hands. On Sunday night, says the Goulburn Herald, St. Saviour's temporary cathedral had a narrow escape from being destroyed by lire. As the congregation were leaving Mrs. Page turned down tho kerosene lamp near her scat, whon it immediately exploded. Tho oil ran down over Mrs. Page's dress, ami then on to the floor, where it blazed up, causing considerable alarm. Mr. Betts and others did their best to extinguish tho firo by covering it with carpets and otherwise, and theft' succeeded in preventing any damago further than the charring of ono of tho seats, but the flames continued until the oil was consumed. Mrs. Page fortunately escaped without her clothes igniting. THe Sydney University scholarship of 100 pounds per annum for three years has just been awarded to Mr. William Chisholm, second son of Mr. John William Chisholm of tho Goulburn district. This, says the Herald,, makes £625 in scholarships that has been gained by this gentleman during his University career in addition to books of the valuo of about £25. Mr. William Chisholm is at present in the mother country, having gone there to qualify himself for the medical profession. He is a young man of whom Argyle may well be proud. - A telegram from Grahamstown, New Zealand, to tho Grey River Argus, tells the following af somo plucky girls. In conse quence of tho treatment . of tlio Thames crow at tlio Auckland, regatta, particularly iu'.tho North Shore crow declining to pull becauso of rough weather, four Thames girls havo sent a challenge.to tho North Shore club to row them at tho Thames for £10, : threo miles, during tho mouth of February.' Tho challeugo is said to bo bona fido, and the stake is likely to bo increased, if desired by tho challenged party. We are informed by Mr. H. Glasscock of the Upper Meroo, says the Mudgee Times, that on the 4th instaut a slut of his, weigh ing only 24lbs, ran down and killed an old man kangaroo, which weighed, no less than lOOlbs whon dressed. This splendid speci men of tho marsupial spccies measured 10 feet G inches from tho tip of tho tail to his nose. Tho'battlo was a tlerco one, and, when the relative weights of the combatants aro considered, tho victor must have been a game dog. # . A child died at Surry Hills, Sydney, and its father, determined not to incur tho ox pense of a funeral, took tho-corpso out of tho collin and throw it in tho firo. A by stander interfered,' and tho child's burial was proceeded with, notwithstanding several attempts by the parent to provont it. The Tasmanian training notes by telogram of Tuesday to tho Argus say-—"Not much work was dono this morning. Strop, Emu lation, and Bischoff wont freely. Viva and Blazoa wore soro. Emulation is a strong favourito for the Cup. Even inonoy is taken freely about him, 4 to 1 against Viva, 0 to 1 againBt Blazes, Sand 10 to 1 against Bella/ 10 to I against Strop and Bischoff. Tho probable starters aro Viva, Strop, Bella, Blazes, Lord Lytton, Emulation, and Bischoff Emulation arrived safely and looks a cor tainty;5tol 3ms been taken that he wins both events) 1 fancy Southern Cross will be a dangerous .opponent in the handicap. The otlior events excite no sptcial interest. Par* theniu is the best Tusmanian youngster, but Sibyl is: considered too good. .The King of Diamonds should win the Maiden Race, and Sir William -Don the Hurdle. Mr. Hector Wilson lias purchased Duffer. Ho will pro bably declarc to win the Steeplechase with Dutchman. / . Last week Mr/Frederick Coape Smith was fined £5 at the Prahrun Police Court for having posted a newspaper with a. direction written inside, in addition to the ordinary outside address. The defendant, says the Argus, pleaded ignorance of the law, stating that ho had written the two addresses quite openly in the post-office, and the Bench inti mated that iE lie applied for a remission of the lino they would support the memorial. Tiik following appears in the Ueelong Times of Tuesday :—41 Mr. Gatehouse, .late mayor, of Melbourne, had to appear before the QueeusclifTBench to-day, to auawcr a charge laid against him for bathing in the open sea. It is jocularly said by some of his friends that be, was trying to catch sharks, and ho had a red flag Hying from the top of his head, to warn people of their danger by comiug too near. Sophie Gautier, a wealthy innkeeper at Bourg, has been condemned to death at the Cabora Assizes for having succcssivclj mur dered seven of her own children and a grand child, by sticking darning needles into their -intestines. In trying to kill the grandchild, to prevent its mother from .inheriting-from j it her son's fortune, she drove a long needle I into its heart, but she had already driven three others, some days previously, into its abdomen. The suddenness of the unfortu j nato infant's death in the grandmother's I arms arousing suspicion, a post mortem ex | aininafcion was held, and the crime was dis covered and confessed. . Wxtii reference to telegraphic comniunica tion with New Zealand, the Evening News says:—The lino to connect the cable was strctched from La Perouse, Botany Heads, late on Saturday night, having been erected in four clays. It was tested by tho Superin tendent ot. Telegraphs (Mr. Cracknell) on Monday; and communication effectually, established with Sydney. Every credit is due to the Telegraph' Department for its ex pedition in this matter, as we aro now in ! rcadiucss to transmit tlic Company's mes sages as aoon as communication with New Zealand is eiFected, which, indeed,.may now be at any moment. Is St. Mary's Church, Geelong, a yonng lady about to bo married was served with a summons while the preliminaries were being arranged in the vestry. The demand was made for-part of tho trousseau. The bride groom was requested to give his I.O.U. for the amount, but (irmly declined. The mar riage then proceeded without further inter ruption. As a practical token of continued confi dence in the Ilev. Mr. Beecher, the members of Plymouth Church, Now York, have ad vanced his salary to 100,000 dols. a year. The increased salary is four times moro than England pays its. Prime Ministor, and is about £5000 more than the incomo of the Archbishop of Canterbury. A sad and fatal accident, wo learn from' the Yass Courier, happened at Hovell's Creek on Friday last. It appears a young man named Genrgo Frost was endeavouring to catch a, young horse in the stockyard, and close to the house, when the animal struck him with his fore feet on the chest. The poor fellow just got through the rails of the stockyard when his brother, who heard of the accident from a little boy, came to his assistance,, and asked him what was the matter. The deceased told him that the horse struck him with his fore feet on the chest. The brother took him in his arms, and he immediately expired. Tujtisn cases of mm'stroko have occurred at 'Braidwood. The first, as recorded in tho Dispatch, was that of Mr. William Campbell, of Gundellan, Upper Shoalhaven, who was mowing hay, when the intensc«hcat of the sun 'striking the head and back of the neck while he was stooping to his work, produced sunstroke. Dr. Llewellyn was sent for, and upon arriving at Mr. Campbell's found that he was in-a very precarious condition. Tho second was that of a daughter of Mr. Stuteh bury, of Exeter Farm, who was nineteen years of age upon the very day that she got the sunstroke. Ou Sunday she was attend ing thefuneral of a relative, and while coming down the hill upon the St. Omer road near the town, was suddenly taken ill, and nar rowly escaped from falling oil' her horse. DIPHTHERIA. is going its rounds through the Carcoar district. A week ago, tho coro ner for the district held an inquiry upon the death of a little boy named Frederick Green, tho sou of a farmer named Frederick Green, residing at Bull's Camp, and it was ascer tained that the poor little fellow died from diphtheria. "Within a few days Mr. Green lost another promising boy about two years of age from the same cause. Mr. p. J. Walsh, of Trunkey Creel:, a few weeks ago, had three of his children taken from him by death within a very short time of each other. The Chronicle hears that several other chil dren in the district have died from tho effects of the dreadful maladv. The failure of the Mandurama gold-field is regarded by tlie Carcoar Chronicle as beyond all possible doubt, and as a consequent result many hundreds of miners have left the Held. We have only heard of two claims turning out payable, one of which yielded two ounces to two loads of dirt. 'These are situated in Golden Gully. A noticeable falling ofT amongst the business people has taken place, and many of them are considerably out of pocket by the sudden collapse of the rush. Some few parties may remain in the neigh bourhood, and there is 110 doubt the district .will be well prospected. Whiting from Warwick ou the 25th Jan uary, the correspondent of the Quecnslander says:—A gentleman from a station about fifty miles west of Warwick informed me the other day that a terrific hailstorm passed over his station about the beginning of the present month, The hail fell in great junks of rugged ice, with terrific force, killing kan garoos by the score. The creeks and gullies were swolleu in a very short time, and swept the hail downwards in huge masses, till arrested by somo bend in the bank's, where they.formed immense beds of ice. Carcases of kangaroos lined tho banks of the creeks, and everything bore marks of tho violence of tho storm. My informant states that 18 days after the storm he was out 011 his run, and came across a gully choked with a mass of hail, measuring 30 feet in length, 10 feet in width and 5 feet in depth, in a perfect state of preservation. This in a semi- tropical -summer, appears almost incredible ; but tho ice was protected from the rays of tho sun by a thick covering of drift and rubbish. The Western Examiner states, that a case of sticking-up occurred on Monday last near Carcoar. It appears that on the day men tioned Mr. J. Grant was proceeding from that township to his Canowinda station when he was stuck-up by three armed men, who ordered him to dismount. Tho robbers then tied Mr. Grant to a tree, and rifled his pockets, taking therefrom a gold watch and :C1 10s in cash, when thoy decamped leaving their victim fastened. Mr, Grant remained bound up until a gentleman passing by came to his rescue and rescued him from his ex tremely unpleasant position. The robbery was committed some distance from Egan's public-house. 