A VISIT TO THE DAVENPORTS, AND WHAT CAME OF IT. A visitor to Melbourne (says the Galons Adcer- Sot hands hs the following narrative:— u We bad. beenfriend and eelfj to see the Davenports, and got borne to East Melbourne, after some beer and oysters, thoroughly suffused with mystery and blown cat with astonishment. Wo aat talking over the hanky-panky for a couple of bonra, and then my friend tamed ost with cold tret aud a heated Imagination to get a stroll in the Pitzroy Gardens before he went to bed. Boon after tmdmgbt be came harrying hade to aay that he had eeen ghosts, or, at any rate, some vary extra ordinary and phenonomieal appearances, snd was evi dsatly in a state of considerable scare. My friend deposed on oath, that is, be swore with all bis might, bow be had seen a cypress, a Daniel Larqbertiana, get ont of the ground, go waddling down the winding gravel walks, leading a little arbor rites' tree by the scruff -of its foliage. Tins uuusnal drenmstssce, supervening so quickly on the wonderful brothers end the beet and oysters and exciting ' controversy, bad produced a state of mind which was not exactly balcyooie. Now, this was one of those situations in which tine appears nothing better to be done than to take some prompt and intrepid action, so I pocketed a rix-riueter, hastily hid away a idp of P.B.. and started for the gardeSB alone. Between one and two in the morning, and amid the eUonoe of the cateoombe, waa 1 calmly awaiting ion a garden scat any spectre or goblin that might think proper to take pedestrian - exercise in : that direction. And just as I was getting lost In a maze of mixed re flections a bege form that would hava looked gigantic by the side -of a fire-bell tower, came softly round a curve in the walk: I drew my breath quickly, and then drew my pistol in the same manner. There was little light from the clouded moon, and af'fba first glanoe it escaped nre .attention that a human figure walked by the aide of the strange ohjoct To a mind eo steeped in the marvellous as was mine it was not difficult to hoggins Hut the human fignre might be one of the plaster statues philandering about the gardens. Huwent,he said figure snddenly stood on one leg and began to ram> s match on the sob of his toot, and frmn thin if jimamrr aryri — rr fr r-jtnt more boots nnd smoked lohsrro, which htalhan fmsjree don't da < Hey!" said L « Hollo ! said ha. And then by the faint bine ra&aiiee; of sWaxmatch-I saw that the Ug apparition wasChhiabiddezeeor what ever they call him, the Oblseee ewelLUtaly exhibiting in Bonrke street - H'aalnraiTfnl thing I didn't put MxMta o! lead In that big fellow's jacket," said r.ooc- rioding a conversation with the small one. '-1Fdl.it wouldn't have hurt him mueh,"he replied, " for he has , -got half a dozen padded coats oo." Behold there stood before me timgrsatestmhn in thssemtheru hemisphere —the only nan 1 sincerely looked up to far many .minutes at a time— and he mas Obliged to mak ont in the night time fee- a little sir and exerdfcdfiist like s ret from btemrSSSSSBKCCHISSSSSi 