CHRISTMAS TIDE. Beautiful indeed are all Thefestal occasions of the year, subdividing time by theirregular recarreoce, and diversifying the dream of hnmau life as it glides away between earth. and heaven. They are like ancient churches, which we meet as we . pass along upon onf mortal journey, green with the ivy of centuries, sanctified;with the. prayers of generations, precious tons for the clustered memories of ages which are around themi and sacred for the softening and- pnrifyrng influence which the light of, their pictured windows seems to carry with it to the soul- Amongst all these hallowed festivals there is none, however, so welcome ito the .heart as. the happy, holy season- of 'Christmas. It is essentially thefeaa.of “ other days,” and one which brings before ns the tendefest and brightest - recollections, images fairer- and , dearer far than the realities still visible; the one which awakens those echoes of- the past that at ether anniversaries are silent as the dead. Then it is above all other timbs that we retravel the .windings and wan derings that onr feet have trodden since the reihotest honr-at which memory pauses,- baffled 4 wt' sHe vainly tries to penetrate' tbe impervious 'darkness that shrouds the few first for-ever- forgotten years of onr wonderful existence; Then it is that we gather again, in imagination, the primroses that gave form.to our first childish emotions of beauty ; then we dash again with bounding heart amongst the playmates of our boyhood, and live once more the ’.brilli ant, stormy days of youth. It .brings back to us for a moment the innumerable army .of visionary thoughts that keep deploying as if from one eternity to another, now is dark and sullen masses, now in long and lines, brightened as if with spear-points and standards ; now accompanied with music warlike and tempestuous, now with ‘ flutes and soft recorders,” not breathing paeans of victory, hnt hymns of peace. Then it is that the phantasmagoria of bygone life dance upon the shadowy wall before ns, and; the mind is thronged with “ thoughts that, like, phantoms, trackless come, and go.” lUemoiy steals to onr side, bearing in her hand the prism of imagination, through which we look into the long vistas behind us, peopled with the old familiar forms,- which we cherish the more fondly that we may never see them more; for then it is.- That s' e gives ns back the dead, B’en in ’he lovei at 10.-ks they wore. On that day the mother thinks of her children scattered through the world, and the deepest emotions of her heart are stirred: and many a one that has sought a home in other lands, and is fain to own them a more prosperous .abode, longs to be once, more amongst the merry groups in his childhood s home. That childhood’s heme I—how it lings,, like a glove in spring, with the din of crea-. tnres blither than allthe birds in the world I How bright the holly bough looks down upon their happiness 1 How. cheerily burns the ynle log, like an altar-forge where links of affections are welded, never to be broken I What a thrill the pleasant song sends through these innocent hearts I, What kindliness beams ihthe eyes of all, as they seem gathered together foiind the holy well of love .which springs np at Christmas time in the arid, deserts of life I There, beside that home, is is the old churchyard where weofteH climbed to reach the starling’s and the martin’s nest;, there lie the loved and venerated, for whom, even now that so many' years have passed, we feel in this hashed and solemn boat as if it were impiety so utterly to have ceased to weep for—so seldom to lemembsc. To how many a reader of this will: these remembpaneei recur ? remembrances of old lands and old times—remembrances of a Christmas that Australia can never know ? the days are dim in these did, beloved scenes, the nights hold , long and dreary sway, the wiedowa are fretted with arabesques of frost, the wind is moaning with melancholy sound, r « plains are covered with a snowy mantle, a d;the; woods ..are wreathed with- Parian wh- c. Everything around recalls to ns the thousand associations which are attached inseparably to the season in our nrnds. But here, in Australia, all this is'„changed. Coming, as it does, in one of the brightest months of our burning summer, and-appeal ling by. none of its natural surroundings to any of the sympathies which are.linked: with the traditional -.hristmas of our affections, it is ' impossible that this festival could -be celebrated - in-, a -similar manner. • Some: sturdy sticklers for antiquity may, it,is. .true,.attempt to. copy,-even-’ here* the old domestic reunions which were 'wont, •to mark the . season earlier years; but .who will say that a dinner in- the shadiest room to - which .-the breezes are courted through open lattice,-, is;, anything like the \- groaning board madeuruddy with- the glow of a blazing hearth ? No ; with, us Christ .mas is and must ever be, a day of al fresco enjoyments, We cannot,;even if we would, transplant to our shores the eld holiday, as the Pilgrim Fathers did.. Nature woos us abroad with her; sunniest smile, and we cannot refuse to,fly into her asms; Picnics, and not dinner parties, and the social gatherings of an. Australian Christmas ;and the warm .dining-room ef our youth is exchanged for the cool - nook beneath the - trees, or .the pleasant waters of the rivers ■ of 1 the bays. ; Green banks; gay. dresses arid | plashing pars—these are more associated with Christmas as it exists for us than even I the holly berry and_themistletoe which are twined arouncTits memory in our hearts. , If we think of the. Bible narrative and of! the beautiful night-tcecea there brought before ns, from the tithe when the pastoral lay was broken by ayoice among .the stars to the flight of-Mary arid Joseph into Egypt, we, must feel that Christmas loses nothing in its suggest!veneasr -because-it falls at a season when .the; nights are; so' gloriously, beautiful as they, are with us. It has been also said that the cold arid dismal aspect which nature wears about Christmas-time at home, gives an additional zest" to the home pleasures to which Chritsmas is there so peculiarly devoted. But we cannot help thinking that, if we have less of indoor enjoyment, we have also less of the debasing riot which too often attends highdays at home. So that, taken all in all, though we . may sqfier a little from the heat and dust, and though we may look rather, brown and oleaginous at our '.amusements, the “ merry, merry bells of yule,” may ring as : appropria tely in our beautiful summer as they ever did in the frosty winter of other climes. • After all, even the. English Christmas ■itself has changed; and is . almost as different as in Australian one from the jolly royster ing Christmas of former times.. To ' be sure the shops are still gay, the streets are frill, and all the’journey men of all the tailors are put in requisition, the hatter .brushes up’ his hats, the milliner beguiles young ladies out of their coin, for the winter colors of the Modes du Mois, and the furrier’s shop has in it a world of comfort. ' ■ There is sometimes still an odour haunting the corners of streets where women sell baked apples and piemen loiter with their hot temptations, Spiced : gingerbread is. still vauntingly proclaimed, and managers of theatres acd pastrycooks are in'all'their glory. Pantomimes and cakes’ ■ abound, and' one gaudy high-1' succeeds an" other, till we almost grow tired of feasting and late hours, and the company of chil dren. Business is but a name, a jd drollery I is the order of the day. Tragedy rears her gorgeous, head jewelled and crowned, and “ sceptred pall’ comes sweeping by.” Har lequin, too, is we corned still—that glittering mystery, a thing -between faifydom and humanity. ■ Columbine ' is admired, and Pantaloon applauded ; both, it would seem, born for nothing but to dance and smile for’ the pleasure of enraptured thousands. The i play bills still flaunt about; disclosing the secrets of : the coming ' night, and they | are as mysteriously magnificent as ever in the announcement of wood demons, horsemen and vaulterS, brazen-shields and fatal- masks,- ; fire' : eaters, jugglers, and quadrupeds of every variety of shape and of intelligence, 1 . • : White, black,.and grey, wiih all their twin. We may even at times; hear the touching carol of the waits as it rises ' through 'the silence of the riight, arid, the maiden’s "eye will still melt at the tale of love and her hand fling down from her open casement the bright silver piece, the guerdon for the grateful song. The postman, and the charity boys, and a host of others, even, yet expect ; their Christmas boxes. New Tear’s gifts are exchanged between , friends and relations. In Ireland the wren is suspended on St, Stephen’s Day . from the holly bough, surrounded with all the bravery of ribbons; guisera go .about..the street in Scotland, on New Year’s Eve,'uttering a wonderful jargon and performing antics of the most extraordi nary kind; arid everywhere throughout the British Isles kings and .queens . abound on that last rif Christmas holidays, the gay. Twelfth night ; festival of snow-white con-; feotionary,' of cakes arid beans." - All this, it is true, we have sfill but where now is the “ right-hearted revelry; of i ancient days !” ' Where now is the .manch’et, and wastel-bread,,and peacock-pie of by gone banqueting 7‘ Where are the slaughtered beeves, thejbroaohed wine-casks, the huge barrels of nut brown ale ? Where are the embroidered-coated heralds, and the scarlet-coated; pursuivants, the wandering knights and toil worn pilgrims? Where -are the;; holy brethren, with] sacks arid wallets, gathering largesse? Where is the troubadour on his palfrey rich withispangled housings 7 Where is now the Lord ; bf Misrule, the Abbot of Unreason,'the Boy ■■Bishop, and the Master of Marry Disports? Where are the hobby horses, the dryads, the Irish dresses, the buckram jerkins, and the drunken masque ? Where is Palaphilos, Prince of Sophie, and the “ most mag nificent and- renowned Thomas, Prince of Alba Fortnnata ?” Where are the brawn and mustard that were eaten, and malmsey wine that was so freely drunk in those old carousals 7 Where are Sir Handle Backabite, Sir Morgan Mumchance, , Sir Francis Flatterer ? ' .Whore is parsed the glory and the d/oam ? ; So much, in fact, has changed that some one, with a little poetic exaggeration, has said:— Gone are all thoss golden days of j ore; . When Christmas was a high day,; Its parts we now shall see no more; ; ’ ins turned into. Good Friday. We kriow not if even Shakespere’s des-; cription of the Night would hold good at when he tells us that. ; , Ever .’gainst that s»ason comes t herewith onrSavionr’s birth is_celebrated. , ; The bird of dawning singethe l ! night-long, ‘ And th ; n they: t ay rip Vpirit can walk abroad : The nights are wholesome thpa; no planets’attike. ‘No f dry fakesi ndr wfchjhii power to charm. So hallowed and : w'graci6ui is. the time:' . , If Christmas has !1 been changed so much at home, it is not strange that it should asaame a different form in a crime where al mcfteverything is completely refereed, Nor 18 this even obe regretted. We must have a Christmas of our own—an Australian equivalent for the Wiafry anniversary of our ancestors, wreathed with summer flowers, and surrounded with the associations of a poetry racy of our sunlit soil. It is with this idea.that we present the public of these colonies,' with this sketch, which will speak to them of the life they live, and of the scenes by which they are surrounded. We' anticipate,' therefore a hearty wel come for the few native floweri which we have ga'here:! here to take the place of those which can only flourish in another land. 1 There are, however, many old' usa' es connected with Christmas which are as well suited to our new home as to our old one, and happily they' are the best—the only ones worth preserving. Amongst these,' and nest only •to the charity of Christmas, are the delights of Social and do mestic intercourse, which its genialspirittends so abundantly to promote. In these gather ings Christmas seems to demand almost as"a. right his tribute of tales, and' songs, and jokes,' and riddles. We cannot refuse it'/' It is the inspiration of the season, and -it will seize us quite as powerfully by • the side' of i the sinuous Yafra as in the comfortable home at Bloomsbury or tha West End, In, the old dayswe naturally delighted in the'old .tales.' Then it was that; our literary horizon' wag peopled with dragons, lit np with fiery chariots, and beautified with magical rain bows^,'Then'did Blue Beard sweep fiercely by—a stern image of= mysterious and fero cieus pomp, composed of Persian satrap and Grand Turk—with all the parade of camels and'slaves and waving banners in his train. Then did we penetrate the high and 'tangled woods, in which the Sleeping Beauty lies concealed; and we accompanied poor. little Bed Riding Hood through the green lanes, wistfully peeping aVthe “ cheese cakes” and ■‘the pat of batter” as we went along: Then, too, did we love to stray in the realm of Oberon, in whose brown the jewels are’ dew .drops from the pearliest rose—that world in which a harebell is a palace, a primrose a hall, an anemone a cup, and a daisy'a shieling. How we longed to be possessors of that butt of dew which,in the form of a hazel nut filled with the tears of morning and. evening, shaU be presented to,, the inspired barb of our earth who, by the music of his lyre, phall lay all the pipes of the Silent People mute,- and charm the tiny emperor asleep bn his Titania’a .bosom’beneath the unconscious honey moon that hangs like a cresset in the heaven of Fairyland I ; With’ what mysteroua awe we saw those sprightly elves riding in long and beautiful arrays, by the light of the moon,or rittingin seven circles in the bottom of-a deep ravine, drinking nectar-dnt of cups of silver and gold no bigger ' than the dew-cup lowers/ How their wild unearthly eyes, all of, one; bright sparkling, hue, /turned upon ns at the 'same moment, and how their undistinguished whisperings sounded fearfully -in our ears I , Then, too, was it our delight to liatfih to the wild legends of witoh and warlock, in whidh/we were borne away to .'the blasted heath to hew the ; gibbering of Paddack and ~Graym alkin. '“The air;hath babbles as' the water .hath, and.these are of them,” What a ghastly atmosphere enveloped these weird sisters— these illomened beldames I What a hellish -spirit seemed to breathe through their skinny lips ! What a fierce compression of their choppy fingers, as they uttered their salemn prophecy—half tension half malison foreboding voices that, with hideous shrieks, syllabled men’s names in “ antres vast and deserts wild!” More frightful still, and perhaps more fascinatingly dreadful were the ghost stories, which made the hair to bristle and the , heart., to quake. The stories are'all, no deuht, as old. as the hills, but we knew nothing of that, and they were none the worse for their want of originality. We little imagined then. that the jokes at which we laughed so heartily are in' Hierbcles, and' that he again is but a revival of the jesters of the Bast, It is the same in everything; Punch, who (instigates Judy for the benefit of the street audiences isfhe Atlechinb of Italy—-the descendant of the Fescennines—the regular-representatives of the drolls of the golden age. The very cantripes of pur ' witches, their , hell broth and cauldron are all in Apuleins,. who is himself but an echo, of times much older/ a dim shadower forth of mysteries by himself not understood. Ghosts have flourished in all their glory from the earliest times,'and we know of no addition toitheir terrors. There is nothing in the. castle of Otranto—nothing in the mysteries. of/Udolpho, we mean nothing of incident,’ that the world has not .heard before, The White Lady of A;ene), piercing the Centre of the earth, and singing her wondrous songs, is to be found in many a fabling saga. Here again it is' true'- that “there is nothing' new under the sun,” But little we cared for that as long as .we were amused or interested, or. even tolerably -well terrified. Christmas was the time for joke, and song, and story; they were a want of the season, and we had them; and whether they were new or old, they are amongst the pleasantest recollec tions that we have., ' We need say no more, . Bless you, my, gentle masters and mistresses all I May mirth and happiness be with you.' We plbdge yon in a cup of ’brightest Australian wine 1— 1 • Wassail to you and yours and all! All health*; 