Melbourne. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.'] August 18. The majority against the want-of-confidence motion was twelve-I said, by anticipation, fifteen ; but there were three absentees, and the Government had reckoned on all of them. The prior calculation was right to a unit, therefore. The moral result goes with the numerical in this case. It was a stonewall demonstration rather than a serious attack on tho Ministry, and the stonewallers have not improved their position in the least by making it. There was nothing at all of a damaging assault on the Ministry in the speeches of the stonewallers-no more simply than a series of random stump deliverances, to- gether with a most manifest lack of ability of every kind needful in conducting public affairs. Herein lies the weak element in that party : they have not a mau of mark amongst them, and not above two or three of even average calibre, which average in the present Assembly consist« much more in width of bore than in projectile force or length of range. But there were two conspicuous names in the minority list whose appearance there troubled the Ministerial miud considerably-to wit, those of Messrs. Casey and Service. These two are malcontents, and form the Adullamite party. And truly it may be said of that same party, as John Bright once said of the Lowe-Horseman Adullamites in the House of Commons, that it is like the lady's Scotch terrier, respecting which nobody could well say which was the head and which the tail. The two malcontents have formedfan alliance, offensive and defensive, against the Treasurer, grounded purely on per- sonal dislike. Mr. Casey was erewhile Sir James' righthand man and most trusted colleague, and Mr. Service is altogether with the Ministry eo far as principles go. But it requires no long experience of Victorian politics to convince any observer that, not prin- ciples, but personal piques and shabby ambi- tions, are a thousandfold more powerful than principles in directing men's votes ami speeches within the precincts of your honorable House. Howsoever it be, Messrs. Casey and Service voted with the stonewallers ; and yet I would wager a trifle, say the sincerity of one party against the patriotism of the other, that neither of them would accept office with that party were it offered them to-morrow. In the course of the debate, let me remind you, there were some stinging insults exchanged between each of the gentlemen named and the leaders of the Ministry, insults of [a kind that the most Joblike men do not easily forget or forgive. It complicates the standing quarrel in the House very seriously to have Sir C. G. Duffy entering the arena once more. He was yester- day elected for North Gippsland, to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. M'Kean's expulsion. It waa a purely complimentary benefit conferred on Sir Charles by the grateful Gippslanders, whose rather remote and inaccessible territory he once spoke of in the Assembly as "the new province." A local man, named Davis, opposed him, but both candidates were unable, from weak health, to canvass the constituency. Their respective partisans did all the work. Sir Charles will, upon entering the House, take his seat on the cross-benches. He will be an enigma to both parties, playing for some time a deep and quiet game, with the ultimate design of breuking-up both parties, and out of their fragments forming a third party, of which Sir C. G. Duffy will be head, middle, and end, all in one. This is the way things are shaping at present. Sir Charles did not visit Gippsland, as I have said. His utterances were made by proxy. And those utterances, on the crucial question of the Education Act, were of so dubious a nature, that all sorts of explanations and counter-expla- nations were required. The upshot was that Sir Charles satisfied no party. On the one hand The Argus denounced him for trimming, and on the other Dean Slattery banned him from the altar, at Geelong last Sunday, as a recreant to the good cause of exclusive education. I merely state facts, and withhold comment. The new Electoral Bill is rather hanging fire. It has not yet been distributed, owing to alleged difficulties in arranging the boundaries of the new districts. It nas, however, appeared in full in the columns of the Argus. The anti-Minis- terial party are denouncing it as a huge dodge to Becure all the seats for the followers of Sir James M'Cullocb. The country people grumble at the unequal distribution of Beats ; and a conference of rural delegates has been sitting this week in Melbourne to adjust the whole thing properly. These innocent Joskina have been gravely laying it down as a certain thing that the whole matter of adjusting the representation would be given over to them by the Chief-Secretary ; and they waited on Mr. Macpherson to tell him so. Naturally, he did not exactly Bee the thing in that light, and told them so, whereat they re- tired wrathful. The Argus gave them also a very severe lesson on the constitutional bound- aries between municipal and State Government ; between tho tural Shire Council of Tinpot Gully and the Executive Council of Victoria. With these town experiences the rural delegates were fain to break up their self-appointed Parliament, and return homeward. I am very glad to report that the system of boarding-out the children of the State is suc- ceeding admirably here. There are now 866 poor children domiciled in what, for them, are real homes, instead of being cooped up in a hugo barrack. The Inspector-General reports that the children are, as a rule, kindly treated and find- ing all but parental affection amongst their foster- parents ; and this statement may be ac- cepted without any reserve, seeing that no less than 100 local ladies' committees watch carefully over their welfare. I don't affirm that there are absolutely no instances of neglect or ill treatment, but these are the rare ex- ceptions, and the rule always holds. Here, then, is a good example for Queensland to follow. The present writer had some small share in recommending the hoarding-out plan to our Government, and may perhaps be allowed to rejoice a little in its success. It ia a plan founded on unwavering faith in tho general loyalty of mankind to thoBO primal obligations and duties which, as Wordsworth beautifully says, " shine aloft like stars." Tho attack made by a madwoman on poor Lady Bowen, at the door of the Athcmetiin, a few night* ago, was a circumstance of that kind which, however distressing it may be, is unavoidable by any human precau- tions. The woman was »imply a lunatic, with- out any special personal history. I rejoice to add that Lady Bowen ¡b now nona tho worse for the outrage. It was one of the penalties which exalted personages poy for their position, and Queen Victoria herself too well knows what those are. Ib it not a moat praiseworthy feat in tho old P. and 0. Company that they havo given us, this mouth, our European anti Indian mails nearly six days before contract time ? 'Tis an excellent contract for us, being both expeditious and economical. The Argus' clever and prying " Vagabond" has fluttered all the dovecots in the Corioli of Kow Lunatic ABylum, by his dashing and dating revelations of the interior life of its inmates. An immense amount of good will follow, as tho Government would not dare, and does not intend, to pass superciliously over those remarkable personal report«. Ho lina made a clean sweep of all our local charitable institutions, this remarkable " Vagabond." His next feat, I am told, will bo to get himself com- mitted to Pentridge for a month, just to tako private notes of what kind of a jolly life the birds in that hugo stone cago lead. Tho Estimates aro being fought slowly through tho Aaaombly, but there is nothing now in tho financial line evolved. Always tho promisoa of large reductions, and sweeping modifications in the overgrown Civil Sorvico staff aro repeated as UBual. For mo, I havo heard these premisos too often to put any faith in them. So Coleridge said, ho hud aeon too many ghosts to believe in thora. Dr. Boatioy mado a bravo offort tho othor day to como to the political front. Ho suddenly bethought liiui of standing as a candidato for the Control Province (Upper House), thoro being «. vncunoy through ellluxiou of time. Just as tho poBt ofllco clock wiiB striking six, tho Doctor's nomination paper waa handed in, and tho returning officer received it under protest. But tho next day ho announced that tho paper carno to him too late, the Act providing that ho should get it Bomo time before bíx o'clock. Therewith the Doctor and his backers wero compolled to be .atisûed. The battle of Wheels against Tolls is still being; fought. All the rural population declares for' tolls against wheels, and condemn the new'bill for the maintenance of main roads in Mo. It is aB good as defunct, I think. John Chinaman has once more outwitted the Fanqui in the matter of petty gambling. In spite of special Acts and adverse decisions in police and Supreme Courts, John perseveres in indulg- ing in the delights of fan-tan and pak-a- pu. The Little Bourke-street gambling houses are again in full blast. The men in blue look on, helpless and indignant. No law, no authority, no moral suasion, no anything, appears to have the least effect on John Chinaman in this matter. Mrs. Scott Siddons is still enchanting us all with her Juliet For myself, I am as incapable of coldly criticising such a perfect performance as I am of picking holes in Shakspeare. It it Juliet-Shakspeare's own Juliet Three times I have hung spell.bound over that bewitching performance, and I am going again to-night. I have lived in Verona in the days of the Capulets and Montagues, as lately I roamed, with the same glorious actress, through the sylvan ginties of enchanted Arden. Emmett is still carrying delighted crowds with him through the motley adventures of Fritz, the German-Americau. And the Fakir of Oolu still, like Katerfelto, " with his hair on end, at his own wonders wondering for his bread," charms the women and children nightly. Weather very changeable ; one day brightly summerlike and the next piercingly wintry. 