LITERATURE. w The advance sleets of Joaquin Miller's new poem, 'The Ship in the Desert' (says the S. F. Bulletin), have been issued to the press. Short extract* from it have appeared in several of the leading magazines of the country during the past six month*, asd have more or less foreshadowed ite general character. The book is dedicated to his parents. 'Bfig new volume is Western throughout. The tale is of Bo particular consequence compared with the natural description!! with which it abounds, and in delineating Nature's -wonder* in the far West he is ever at home. The plot is something as follows : — Morgan, an outlawed sea tang, flies from the waters of the Missouri, with a band of slaves, baaiing away his beautiful daughter Ina, and is hotly pursued acrosa the intervening deserts, to me vicinity of the Pacific, by his imtrtal enemy and his daughter's over, Vasquez. 'i'he heroine is depicted as A groat, Mid beauty, in whose eyes tic all the loves of Paradise. . . . O you had loved her pitting there, \- Half hidden in bur loosen'd hair ; Why, you had loved her for her eyes, Thrir large and melancholy look \- Of fntterness, and wril tni»took Their love for lipht of Par.idiw. Yea, loved her for lw larpc nark ryes ; Yea. loved her for her brow1* iwjft broim ; tier hand as Ufrhl as heaven's bars ; yen, loved her fur her mouth. Her mouth Was roses g.itber'd from the south, The warm south side of Paradise, And broitbed upon and handed down By angels on a stair of sur*. Her mouth '. 'twas KjryvrV mouth of old, Push'd out und pouting full mid bold With simple beauty v here she wit. Why, you biul said, on seeing her, This creature comes from out the dim Far centuries beyond the rim Of Time's remotest riMcb or stir. And he who wrought Svmiiamie And shaped the Nyhtt*, soeinfr this. Had bow'd and made a shrine tbemit, And all his life hud worshipM her, Devout oi north-Nile worshipper. O sweet child -face that ever gazed From out the wood and down the wave ! O eyes that never once were raided : 0 mouth that never murmur gave ! Over the scorching plains, nlong strange rivers, through wastes of white and bitter winds, aniid desolate ravines and wild regions deserted by man, hastened the bands of the pursuers and pursued. They 8aw tin- Silences 'Move by and beckon ? saw the forms, The very beards of burly storms, And heard them talk like sounding sens. Od unnamed heights bleak-blown und brown, And torn like battlements of Mars, They saw the darknesses come down, tike curtains loosen'd from the dome 01 God's cathedral, built of stars. They piteb'd the lent where rivers run As if u- drown the falling mi). They saw the xnowy mountains roll'd And heaved along the nameless lands I4tc mighty billows ; saw the gold Of awful sunsets-, Raw the blush Of Eudden dawn, and felt the hush Of heaven wncn the diiy sat down, And hid his face in dusky hands. Famine and disease preyed upon their ranks, yet the race for life and death continued. At last, for a time, the pur* euere were buttled, and the grim old corsair made himself a home in the midst of the green wilderness, only to be again discovered and compelled to fly Toward the bind of dreams and space, The land of Silences, the land Of shoreless deserts sown with sand, ?Where desolation's dwelling is: The land where, wondering, you say, What dried-up shoreless sea h this ! Where, wandering, from day to day You say, To-morrow sure we come To rest in sonic cool resting-place : And yet you journey on through space While seasons pass, and arc struck dumb With niorrel at the distances. Across that vast, far land they swept, that —wide domain of mysteries And t-igns that men misunderstand ! A land ot space and dreams : a bind Crf sea-salt lakes and dried-up seas ! A land of caves and caravans, And lonely wells and pools ; A land That bnth its pin-poses and plans, That seems so like dead Palestine, 1 Save that its wastes have no contine Till push'd against the levell'd skies : A land from out whose depths shall rise The new-time prophets. It is here they encounter the ship in the desert, which gt ves title to the poem ; ? No titorm hath stained it any whit, No seasons set their teeth in it. Her inavts were white as ghosts, and tall ; Her decks were as of yesterday. The rains, the elements, and all The moving things that bring decay By fair green lands or fairer seas, Bad touched not here for centuries. Lo ! date had lost all reckoning, And time had long forgotten all In this lost land, und no new thing Or old could anywise befall, Or morrows, or'a yesterday, For time went by the other way. The ages have not any course Across this untracked wane. The EkyE Wears here one blue, unbending hue, . Tne heavens one unchanging mood. The far still stars they flitter through The heavens, tailing bright and bold Against the sands as beams of gold. The wide, white moon forgets her force, Tne very sun rides round and high, As if to shun this solitude. What dreams of gold or conquest drew The oak-built sea-king to these i*as, lire Earth, old Kartli, unsatisfied. Hose up and shook man in disgust From off her wearied breast, and threw And rmote his cities down, and dried Those measured, town-set seas to du?t ! Who trod these decks .' What captain knew The straits that led to lands like these .' Blew south sea breeze or north sea breeze '. What spiced winds whistled through this sail ! What banners stream' d above these seas ! And what strange seaman answered back To other sea-kings' beck and hail, That blew across his foamy track : Sought Jason here the golden fleece I Came Trojan ships or ships o! Greece ? Came ? ecks dark-mann'd from sultry Ind, Woo'd here by spacious wooing1 wind ! So like a grand, sweet woman, when A great love moves her soul to men . Came here strong ships of Solomon la quest of Ophir by Cathay * Sit down and di cam of seas withdrawn, And every sea breath drawn away, Sit down, sit down I What is the good That we go on still fashioning Great iron ships or walls of wood, Uigh masts «!' oak, or anything I Lo 1 all things moving must go by. The sea lies dead. Behold, this land ; Sits desolate in dust beside Bis Enow-white, seamless 6htoud of sand £ The very clouds have wept and died, And only God L* in the sky. The nands lay heaved, as heaved by waves. As fashioned in a thousand graves ; And wrecks of storm blown here and tlierc,' - And dead men scattered everywhere ; And strangely dad they seemed to be Just as they Bank in that old 6ca. : ??-? * An6 anchor, hull, aad cast- away, ; And -H things that the mfcer deep \- r Both in his darling locker keep, To right and left around them lay. Here the long pursuit i» ended. Vasqoez, the sole sur viyor of hi* band, is slain by the last of Morgan's followers, *nd to a fairer land the chieftain reoairs with his child, to whom, however, neither hope, love, nor happiness ever returns. F The poem in exactly like all of Mr. Muler'e previous pro ductions in one respect— it abounds in rare beauties and unpardonable fault*, but it will not fail to advance his reputation. 