tHE power of the 1 SCRIPTURES. ? ?« lecture, entitled ' The Pure Spirit and The f°,,0TT7er 0f the Scriptures : the Christian's Great furifrDp: L0Vjng Them,' was deli vered before the mern Ecss.b ft'r young Men's Christian Association, on the ters of tbfe0ctober 10, in the Masonic Hall, Sydney, by f«nfcP °_ pjetcher, Principal of Newington College :— .1,0 Rev. Jt»- ? j. ? i.-x. ? i„i_ three points or view lruui wuiuu men luun at, There areii' j^^est away, and looking askance, is -tbe ScriptM®: beo.ill]8 with the difficulties of the Bible, f if £'«''''??? r;:,je down. He reminds us of one who looks He ''t mountain mass, where he sees only the rugged at ic-me . crags, while the bright streams and the gorges »na jo through their flowers are quite out ibite h*'-1' et, vjeWr Then, standing nearer to the Bible, of his fiela ° fl'clefirer light and a calmer mood, is the aid f'uC,J!!°?im Bible is a gray fragment of the world's x° Te a remarkable book, but nothing more. He oldest ',erY it with the cold carefulness of a surgeon »»!-, post-mortem examination ; or he may conducting a(il^jratj0I1 like the astronomer untwisting plow wtn -th ]jjs spectroscope, and establishing iden ^^'Inirture in worlds separated from each other by tity of Bl™. ^jifg 0f space. The standpoint of the critic imlllCaB*rt unfavourable to the discovery of many of the if ®e ' „ii B8 the literary excellences of the Scriptures ; ^ftPBtimonies of some who regard the Bible only from v -Hr's standpoint hare been very serviceable to those v it from the far nearer and brighter standpoint of the Book, venerating it as the very voice of S j .T«mlatinK heavenly thoughts in the speech of men— ^nltS worfs that have grown hoar with age truths Ira fresh with immortal youth. One of the most impressive and valuable testimonies to the merit of the great candid, and of stainless reputation, but towards Christianity a sceptic, while a eulogist of Christ in terms so lofty and eloquent that we marvel that, having gone so far, he went no farther. In one of the latest of the many literary works of the distinguished man of whom I speak, the late John Stuart Mill, he thus speaks of our Lord Jesus Christ: 'Whatever else maybe taken away from us by rational criticism, Christ is still left, a unique figure, not more unlike all His precursors than all His followers, even those who had the direct benefit of His personal teaching. It is of no use to say that Christ, as exhibited in the gospels, is not historical, and that we know not how much of what is admirable has been superadded by the tradition of his followers. Who among His disciples or among their proselytes was capable of inventing the say ings ascribed to Jesus, or of imagining the life and character revealed in the gospels ? Certainly not the fishermen of Galilee as certainly not St. Paul, still less the early Christian writers. About the life and sayings of Jesus there is a stamp of personal originality, combined with profundity of insight, which must place the Prophet of Nazareth, even in the estimation of those who have no be- lief in His inspiration , in the very first rank of the men of sublime genius' This is surely an honourable and a memorable testimony to tho incomparable excellence of our Lord's character from the point or view of the uiere critic. And certainly if those who disbelieve His Divine nature and mission can so extol Him, we who believe Him to be the Divine Christ and only Saviour may be excused if we hasten with the ancient Church to cry out in adoration and joy, ' Thou art the King of Glory, oh., Christ, thou art the everlasting Son of the lather !' ' One other remarkable testimony from the critic's paint of view I will quote, its subject being not the greatest name of the Bible, but the Book itself. The critic is Professor Huxley, second ta none in his own walk of science, but not displaying other characteristics than those of a critic, though, as his words will show, a candid and generous critic of the Sacred Book. 'Take the Bible as a whole,' says Professor Huxley, 'make the severest deductions which fair criticism can dictate for shortcomings and positive errors : eliminate, as a sensible lay teacher would do if left to himself, all that is not desirable for children to occupy themselves with, and there still remains in this old literature a vast residuum of moral beauty and grandeur; and if Bible reading is not accompanied by constraint and solemnity , I do not believe there is anything in which children take more pleasure. At least I believe that some of the pleasantest recollections of my childhood are connected with the- voluntary study of an ancient Bible which belonged to my grandmother. What comes vividly back on my mind are remembrances of my delight in the histories of Joseph and of David, and of my keen appre ciation of the chivalrous kindness of Abraham in his deal ings with Lot. Like a sudden flash there returns back upon me my utter scorn of the pettifogging meanness of Jacob, and my sympathetic grief over the heart-breaking lamentation of the cheated Esau ? I enumerate as they issue the childish impressions which come crowd ing out of the pigeon-holes of my brain, in which they have lain almost undisturbed for forty years. I prize them as an evidence that a child of 5 or 6 years old left to his own devices may be deeply interested in the Bible, and draw sound moral sus tenance from it,' Again, I say, that is a deeply interesting deliverance from the mere critic of an out and beautiful literature. But if the critic can thus discern and thus commend the wholesome influence of the e on the tender minds of children, well may we be reused, who believe the Book to be God's message to all ®' add the more glowing eulogy of an ancient poet, philosopher, and king to express our homage. And we **y these sacred wordB as David said of them, more to be desired are they than gold, yea than much fine ft* ?ffee|er ft'^° tout honey and the honeycomb. More mZ m ** *hy servant warned, and in keeping of 'im there u great reward.' rom the nearer standpoint of the critic I pass to the mm0, i °?e.°* enemy of the Bible. We cannot, of im~- ™k into men's hearts. But there are some sen 611 ®Bemy could speak, which only the l conld inspire,. With Ihe sincerity or un 8 . enmity I Tiave nothing to do : it is emnif5 ^ Province. I am willing to assume that the will i8 ..'L01ie8t- hut I am in little doubt that you that the dislike to the Bible is «« P »he sentences which I will now quote In* as ** i8 lamentable and unjust. DrintftSr1? ™ivere^. in this city a few months ago, and t at railway stations and else where, for the verr 0?* -Toan& men, I find these words : ' The law very properly prevented the open sale and circulation of obscene literature, and yet one of the most obscene books in the language was not only permitted to be circulated, but was scattered broadcast amongst the people, all through the winenrtc8 n v ^ was the Word of God.' When I Bl»m TL™*'* JB simply a Latin disguise for the of th„ fil-1iy. 8®d both in Latin and in iSnglish one dismj-i fp^ngest words to be found to express moral a£e tn i. we' k0 astonished, even in this audacious v a term applied to such a book. But let us *otdn a fearful accusation is not new. These fearful ® the echo— they are but a feeble echo of the Han were spoken of the noblest and holiest ^ver'wnit^ Tit ^fon&ticn; of a John Stuart Mill, who Jlajj, ^ '^is world, but in our estimation a Divine Lotd- ^fj. ,a^ marvellous works of our allth'ptJTi i His marvellous discourses; after Saddn oea uty of His most holy life, what did the hig gnr^J1 ^ scepticism, and the Pharisee with all Christ. «pv0^f' ^te—yes, actually unite— to say of PnbliM«-. i* . a Button and a wine-bibber, a friend of t% hmr 811 ,^uu^s! ' ' He hath a devil and is tnad ; tmr« (i htm? ' Our Lord's answer mav well be The , om- HeBaid, 'is justified by her children.' «nd ran ^ u ts they who best understand the h;l,„ , justify their teacher. And if fitgship in'tl,o u 811 111686 a^es of m0Ml gladlv £, 'ie -world, needs vindication, its lovers will Jon ,j ^toesses. To know a man, it has been said, h°ok. orj® tim. The saying is equally true of a it livej * J118?/ 118 here live with this holy Book aud whole ri.®: 'J? our daily bread. It has coloured our 10 loverTfVv'' t. , .'ove it. and I verily believe there is ' Thv mnJj ? 00^ m this hall whose creed is not this, — ^e tnar very Pure, therefore Thy servant loveth it.' y as theologians in our definTions of the ia tpiration of the Scriptures; yet to us all it is God'3 inspired Word. We may vary as Protestants in our views of Church government and modes of worship, but we all glory in our English Bible as the imp e riehable monument of the blessed English Reformation, and as the surest charter of our rights as men, of our liberties as Englishmen, and of our dearest hopes as Christian men. The venerable and renowned Dr. Zollinger, one of the leaders of the Old Catholic movement in Germany, thus speaks : ' The English Church possesses a rich theological literature, inferior only to the German in extent and depth, and an excellent tianslation of the Bible, a masterpiece of style, and more accurate than the Lutheran, and it has made the Bible a people's book all over England, bo that one tind9 it even in the bedrooms of hotels. I believe wb may credit one great superiority of England over other countries to the circumstance that there the Holy Scripture is f Uund in every house, and is, so to speak, the good genius of the place, the protecting spirit of the domestis hearth aud family. I mean that no such literature of sin and shame as has poisoned the moral atmosphere of France, and is, alas ! circulated in a leEser degree in Germany, has yet fouad entrance into the British Mes.' I fear we cannot fully 'claim that honourable distinction. This ' literature of sin and shame,' I fear, finds its way but too freely even into our own metropolis. But thus we know, that there are no two things more diametrically opposite than a taste for the Scriptures, and a taste for the licentious novels and pictures, by creating which France is charged by Dr. Bollinger with corrupting the world. It is in England, '.where the Bible has long been the people's book, that these poisons have been kept off. It is in France, where the Bible has never yet been a popular book, that these poisons have appeared. But I dare say some one will say, ' Enough ! Why tell us that the Bible is a pure book ? Do we not know it'?' But let us not only know that it is so, but try to know how aud why it is so. An old and inspired teacher has said, 'Be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you A reason of the hope that is in you.' I will not stay to define the spirit of a book and the influence of a book. We all understand that in a book as in a man there will be a ruling purpose, a prevailing tone of thought, and that spirit and that influence will repro duce themselves in the characters of its readers. A man can no more live upon a bad book and remain good than he could live cn carrion and remain a sweet and wholesome creature. The question of the influenoe of this Book on ourselves is a question of fact, and it is one which we can all judge accurately. A ploughman can tell us as well as a professor of chemistry whether his health of body is best Promoted by eating good bread or by eating arsenic. And may assume here that this question of the moral influence of the Scriptures on our hearts and homec, on our children and our neighbours, is one about which we need no ghost from the other world to give us information. Tet it is for our good to analyse our judgments, to dig down to the rock foundations, and find if we can below our hope the reason of our hope , and to produce it. The spirit of the Scriptures is a true spirit ; its influence on human character is a purifying and powerful influence. Of this history, our own experience, the experience of Christians everywhere, the testimony of the most gifted men, not themselves believers in Christianity as the one Divine faith — these accumulated facts are proof enough that, if David was right in saying of his fragment of the Book, ' Thy word is very pure,' we are still more fully right in saying of our larger and complete Bible, ' Thy word is very pure.' But what are the elements ~or charac teristics which combine to give this Book its majesty of place in our affections and its incomparable charm as our Bible f In looking at a very noble man or woman, I think we shall find at least these live characteristics, and, the more symmetrically they are displayed, the more beautiful ia the character, and the more intense is our admiration of its ex cellence : Simplicity, tenderness, delicacy , dignity, rever ence. I find all these features of moral beauty in my Bible, and therefore, apart from the paramount reason of its Divine authorship, I love it and honour it. First, then, I admire in the Scriptures their genuine and beautiful Simplicity. Simplicity is the opposite of dupli city, the opposite of doublenesB in thought or in expression. It is the sweetest grace in the character of a genuine, un perverted child. It is the accompaniment and charac teristic of innocence. A little child will say very blunt and strange things with no consciousness of harm. He simply thinks aloud, and he means no more than is said. But this openness and oneness of character is found In the very greatest mindB as well as in children. Simplicity of character accompanied conspicuous honesty and fearlessness in the Duke of Wellington. Great and truthful characters have a Bortof lion's fashion of going straight on, without looking behind them. And this seems to ice the simplicity of Moses and the Prophets, of Matthew and of Paul. This calm manner, this unadorned force, rises continually into the true sublime. Where is the genius who could rewrite the first chapter of Genesis, or of St. John's Gospel P Yet the language is as clear and simple as lan guage can be. This simplicity is in part the characteristic of all the oldest writers. Yet the archaic quaintnees and old fashioned bluntness of a primitive age are not all in the simplicity of the Scriptures. St. Paul, who lived and wrote amidst the finest intellectual men and masterpieces of the world, could say ' one thing I do ' as truly as any that went before him. Let the Bible be what it may, it bears on its face everywhere the expression of sincerity and truth. There is no double purpose. Faults are told as freely as virtues. The very blemishes in the character of its great men are known to us only from its own testimony. The sceptic dwells on the spots which he beholds in this sun, but must borrow its light before he can see them. Another quality very conspicuous and beautiful in the character of a genuine child, and eaually con°picDou8 and chaiming in the charaoter of the nobly great, whether men or wemen, is Tenderness. Nothing is more touching, nothing more winning, than the deep compassion of neat, wise, Joving hearts. Many of England's bravest soldiers and sailors have joined to the dauntlessness of the heroic man the softheartedness of the kindest woman. Sir Wil liam Napier was the very ideal of a handsome, sagacious, and perfectly fearless soldier. He onoe declined an invita tion to dine with friends, and waited long in a country toad to meet a little child whom he had found in trouble about a broken jug, and to whom he bad promised sixpence to buy another. And the life of Macaulay has invested the name of the brilliant writer and fascinating; historian with a new charm. That his wit was keen, that his satire was terrible, his eloquence bewitching, his conversation wonderful, bis knowledge seemingly boundlefa — all this was matter of tradition. But his tenderness, his most devoted affection for his sister — so great that he never seemed tojfindjroom for the friendship of a -wife— his fond ness for children and their fondness for him — that he was easilymoved to tears by sweet poetry or by ataleof sorrow — that he was bountiful even to a fault to poor brothers of the literary craft, — these are traits which have transformed the ten thousand admirers of the artist into lovers of the man. And surely tenderness is conspicuous throughout the Bible. The Bible, remember, is not a book— it is a libraij, it is a people's entire literature during all its earliest periods. Some portions of the Book are very old family records; some parts we might almost call police reports; son e portions are sanitary regulations ; and some portions are hymns, letters, or liturgies. Now, gather from a . thousand years of our own JEnglish history a volume thus heterogeneously compounded, and what a strange medley it would be, and what could you call it ? But, throughout the very various materials of which the Bible is composed, there is a wondrous identity of spirit and that spirit is full of human sympathies. Exactly one-half the Book of Genesis is occupied with the histories of two men, Jacob and Joseph. Was ever a more touching his tory written than that of the muoh-tried father and his noble and stainless son ? Moses may ceem to us a of giant mould, looking coldly down on his age, like a Colossus looking down on the ruins of that Egypt which gave it birth. But he who thinks so must have forgotten the sweet story — the romance I might almost say — so dear to every child, the fair babe floating in the bulrush axk to the feet of Pharaoh's daughter. And he must have forgotten, too, the favoured man of _ God pleading In the day of Israel's sin : ' Yet, now, if thou wilt forgive their sin — and if not, blot me, I pray thee, out of thy Book.' Bat why need I pause to remind you of the child Samuel, of David and his no less noble friend Jonathan, of the lamentations of Jeremiah, of the Divine Saviour at the grave of Lazarus, or of the Christians at Miletus falling on Paul's neck and kissing him ? W eknow theeelovelyecenes well. We would rather lose our eyesight than lose the privilege of remembering them. But forget them, if you please, while 1 quote one verse at the end of this Book : ' And 1 heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabercacle of Uod is with men, and He will dwell with them, acd they shall be His people ; and God himBelf shall be with tbem, and be their God. And God shall wipe r.tiay all liars from thtir eyes, and there shall be no more drath , wither sorrow nor crying ; neither shall there bt any more pain, for the former things are passed away,' As you listen ana ponder in some quiet hour until these woids melt like sweet music into the depths of your soul, remember ihat these words are characteristic of this Hcly Book. Many other words like these are written there. But outside that Book, in all the literature of alleges, no man bas ever found words like them. I dwell on the tende nessof the spirit of the Bible, because genuine ten derness is never found with habitual impurity. 'The adulteress will hunt for the precious life.' Sensualists may; indeed be sentimental. Rousseau, says Mapaulay, was aiways soaking other people's waistcoats with his tears, -'t sent his children to the Foundling Hospital. Diunka'.ds arc si.mctimes maudbn in their cups, and their eyes overflow viiha moisture that has no element in it of i eal tears, but is rather to be described as a solution com pi unded usually of equal parts of imbecility and gin and water. But though we loathe the pitiful,caricature of sweet charity distiessed, we reserve our loyal admiration still for the tender words and deeds of the best and noblest of human kind. Let the inspiration of the Scriptures be what it mav, it links our hearts to the hearts of men who lived ages ago, who lived and died in lands we never saw, who spoke languages that were counted dead many generations before our fathers were bcm. Tbe influence of Christianity radiated through the sacred volume upon our domestic life cannot be measured. Take the wonderful history folded up in that one word, family. To us, onr family circle, our family ties and sympathies, our hopes and fears, represent all that we care to live for in this world. But what did the word familia mean to those old Romans, who had invented the term before Christianity used it ? ' Familia, to the ear of a Roman,' says Dr. Farrar, 'meant a multitude of idle, corrupt, and corrupting slaves, kept in subjection by the cti.es and the ergastulum (or slave-prison) ; ready for any treachery, and reeking with every vice. It meant a despot who couid kill his slaves when they were aged, and expose his children when they were bom ; it meant matrons among whom virtue was rare, divorces frequent, re marriage easy, and who from no stronger motive than vanity would sacrifice the lives of their infants yet unborn ; it meant children, spectators, from their infancv, of inso lence, end cruelty, and sin.' But 'for all there is of divinity and sweetness in the one word home, for this to an extent which we can hardly realize, we are indebted to Christianity alone.' Our English Bible and our free, fair English homes, long may they be linked together ! Perish the band that would unclasp the more than golden circlet whioh fer ages has united them ! There are tens of thousands of Anglo-Saxon homes scattered over the world in which a foul took was never seen — in which such a presence would be as grotesquely horrible as a toad in the sacra menial cup, or a red-handed murderer rocking your baby's cradle. Yet, in thete palaces of industrious peace and of all domestic charities, the Bible is the mother's book and the daughter's book, the 'father's book and the son's book, the master's took and the servant's book. Without this book Germany would never have had a Martin Luther, or England a John Wycliffe ; nay, nor even an Edmund Spen f er and a William Shakspeare. John Bunyan would have lived and died a Bedfordshire tinker. Bunyan created the 'Pilgiim'sProgrfss,' bat tbe Bible made JohnBunyan. The majesiic muse of Milton without this Book could never have meditated in old age, in blindness, in dark and evil days, that song of Paradise Lost, ' so sublime and so holy,' says Macaulay, ' that it would not have misbecome the lips of thoie ethereal virtues whom he saw, . with the inner eye which no calamity could darken, flinging down on the jasper pavement their crowns of amaranth and gold.' It was for our English Bible that torrents of martyr blood were shed in the early years of our English Reformation. What mind can estimate its power as a comforter, as a guide, as a daily inspiration to millions of the most pure, industrious, and orderly of the subjects of our noble Queen, who herself, as mucn as the humblest Christian in her empire, loves and honours this holy Book beyond all others ? And it is the true humannesss, it is the all-pervading ten- : detness, which makes it a welcome visitor in all the scenes of our many-coloured life. Its voice Bpeaks more sweetly and soothingly than any other in the hushed and darkened chamber of the dying. And yet its tone blends sweetly too with the songs of childhood and the me^y chime of wedding bells. Guarding the follies of our youth, guiding the ventures of our manhood, cheering the decay of our age, plucking the sting from death, and clearing the shadows from the grave — how can we but love the Book who know its power and feel its tenderness P Everywhere in it we see only the white robe of purity over the warm heart of charity. ' But hold,' some objector may say, ' are there not severe and even terrible deeds and words in that Book? What about the destruction of the Canaani tea— about the tolera tion of slavery — what about the terrors ef future punish ment P' I believe it is not difficult to answer satisfactorily to any man who is not prejudiced beforehand, and an enemy of the Bible, concerning these matters. They must of course be considered in detail, each case in its own con nection, and after a careful examination of the record, and what its terms actually mean. Remembering the vast antiquity, and the extreme brevity, and in some instances tbe continued obscurity of these incidents in the great Biblical records, we may wonder rather that the moral, the critical, and the chronological difficulties of the Bible, and especially of its earlier books, are not much more numerous. Leaving particular cases of severity in the Old Testament to be dealt with individually, or confessing onr ignorance and waiting for more light, I hold this as a most certain truth, that genuine tenderness always implies possible severity. The more intense and tender our love for wife or parent, fer child or friend, the more fiercely will our anger — our natural and righteous anger— burn against any who would work them ill. Where is there in this city the seducer who would choose to meet the father or the mother of the daughter whom he had led astray? Who would not burn with unutterable wrath if he found in his home the man or the woman who had gone thereto lead his deal est earthly ones astray ? There iB no more humane nation under the sun than the English nation. Let the moet miserable criminal be too severely punished— let the remotest and smallest hamlet ' of savages be Bhamefully used — end all Fngland swells into a stormy displeasure. Yet. when in tbe Sepoy revolt tidings came to England of the outrages cn English women and children, what was the temp eiature of England's anger then P What was the light whi- h gleamed from the eyes of Havelock and his High landers as they marched info Cawnpore to the cry,' Remem ber the ladies ! remember the babies !' I affirm, then, that as the spirit of the Bible towards the Jews of old, towards all mankind now, is a spirit of tenderness, it is only consistent that, on the ether side of its tenderness, there should be severity for those who are, from its point of view, rare enemies. If Jehovah represents Himself as jealous, it is because He compares Hib relationship to His people with the singular and sacred friendship of the married state. If His anger rises against His unfaithful people, it is the anger of the deeply-injured but still com passionate Father. Let the parable of the prodigal son be read as our Saviour's own illustration ot' the Divine compassion. When we read that sweet story we draw a true inference when we conclude that the Divine severity ia really that aspect which His tenderness shows towards wrosgdoing, an aspect soon changing to matchless pity and paternal delight when the sinner comes back saving, 'Father, I have sinned, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son.' And now I name, also as constituents of the pure spirit and influence of the Scriptures, Delicacy and Dignity. Sim plicity and tenderness 8 re features of the greatest aud noblest order cf minds ; they are, however, the usual charac teristics of children ; but delioacy and dignity belong to minds of mature intelligence, ana hearts profoundly calm, pure, and self-possessed. They are the qualities which ap pear in the true gentleman. They shine with serenest beauty in the 'perfect womannoblyplanned.' Miss Night ingale walking through the ranks of England's shattered warriors in the hospitals of the Bosphorus during the Crimean war seemed to them almost a being of another world. The hardest, rudest soldier was refined into a men again as he saw her wise benevolence and her superiority in all things to that which is evil. All genuine delicacy is clothed with true dignity. It is such a refined perception of what is fit and whit is unfit— Buoh a sensitive regard for the feeling of others, and such a completeness of investiture in everything that is incapable of baseness — that man or woman so equipped receives the fulfilment of that word of our Lord Christ, ' Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions, aud over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.' Now let us remember that the Bible is a witness, or rather it is for the most part a collection of testimonies. It is a history of sin, because it is a vindica tion of Divine discipline over sinners. It is a history of sin. because it is a history of redemption from sin. As a pure and dignified witness U sure to do, it tells au un varnished tale, but relates no more of evil desds than is necessary. I have seen it mentioned as au objection against the moral character of the Bible that it often relates evil deeds drily and without any note of condemna tion. To other minds, however, the reserve of the Bible is cne of its excellences and its wonders. Its charac teristic is that of the witness who needs not pause to condemn wickednets which is con trary to his whole character. It is the justly sus pected man who is most suspicious, and must be always vindicating himself. But the calmness of the in spired writers in speaking of such men as Balaam and J udas Iscariot — whomusthave been objects of their deepest abhor rence ; who were to them enemies of the worst character — their manifest freedom from all tendency to the mere gossip to which old chroniclers are so prone; their persistent brevity, as of men always hastening on to greater mitters beyond,— these are features which the ablest critics of the Scripture have often dwelt upon with admiration. The sublimity, the beauty, the mighty force of the sabred writers, we may boldly eay have never been equalled by any succes sion of writers in any age. We have but to mention the names of David and Isaiah, of Ezekiel and of Jeremiah, to call to your remembrance strains of the most impassioned* finished, and heartstirring eloauence the world at this day possesses. And no men have been more indebted to them, than the greatest of our own English orators, his torians, ana poets. You cannot read fat in a page of Macaulay, or Carlyle, to say nothing of Shakspeare and Milton, without coming upon one of those keen proverbs, those racy phras s, those gleaming gems of poetic splendour which tell us how all men borrow from tho Bible, borrow habitually and almost unconsciously, borrow, and yet leave behind more wealth than they cariy away. The delicacy and true dignity of man or woman best appear in those exceptional circumstances of dinger or of 'difficulty-. in which the simple are embarrassed or over whelmed, but in which the wisdom of the traly wise and the honour of the truly honourable shine out gloriously. I have seen the history of Joseph quoted as an example of a low moral tone in the Bible. To us as lovers of the Book, and I suppose to the majority even of unprejudiced oritics of ihe Book, it is a splendid specimen of dignity and deli cacy, both in the historian and in.the subject of his history. But 1 don't forget that there are such things in this world as false delicacy and false morality. I never knew or heard a Christian mother or father whose son had gone away from home Into the perils of the great oity who, if they had heard that son praying to God to make him like Joseph of the Book of Genesis, would not with tears and prayers of joy again and again have said amen. With a keen and, I trust, a tender feeling o the perils of our young men in such a city as this, I |never theless say, ' From the mock delicacy whioh would pro hibit our sons from reading the story of Joseph, and from the mock morality which would teaoh them to read it up side down, and gather poison when the author only stored up honey — from both the one and the other of these per nicious shams, the good Lord deliver us.' Let me ask you, at your leisure, to read very thoughtfully the Book of Ruth as an antique gem of Scriptural simplicity, tender ness, delicacy, and dignity. And then pass on to the Now Testament, read St. John's account of the Crucifixion or the Epistle of Paul to Philemon concerning his slave Onesimus ; or, pause at the Gospels and read again the Btory of the Incarnation, or the pathetic incident of Christ's treatment of the woman that was a sinner, in the 7th of Luke; and hard, I think, must your heart be if you do not feel that ine Bible, as a collection of ancient litera ture, is, in the angel-like superi rity of its pervading spirit to any sympathy with evil thoughts, worthy of the per fectly unique position which it holds among all the books of tms book- making and book-forgetting world. * Here, however, I pause again to answer an objection which I have met. Some one may say : ' There are many things in the Bible which I cannot read, which I ought not to read, which you would not recommend me to read.' Well, then, I say, don't read them. I suppose that what ever has been put into our Bible was put there for some body ; but it does not follow that it waB put there for you. The most repulsive facts are usefal to the physician, to the legislator, or to the student of human nature ; but if you are neither the one nor the other, pass them by. If your doctor, on hospitable thoughts intent, asks you to dine with him, go ; but don't be so perverse as to turn aside and dine on quassia and rhubarb in his surgery, when roast beef and mince pies are provided by your friend in Ms parlour. Thereremains another elementof the puritypervading the Scriptures whioh completes the circle of its moral excellences and explains its beneficent power on human character. To simplicity, to a moBt tender humanness, to delicacy protected everywhere by dignity, add Reverence. The reverenoe which pervades the Scriptures iB directed to three objects— first, to God, and its counsel ever is, 'Fear God;' secondly, to the individual man, 'Honour all men:' honour melting into friendship towards our fellow Christians ; ana, thirdly, to society, or the composite man represented by its head, ' Honour the King.' He who tries to honour God alone will find his religion thawing away into a very thin and cold sentimentalism. He who honours man in his own individual person alone will be a monster of selfishness. He who glorifies society alone withont honouring eiach individual man may be a political dreamer, but will be a poor citizen. But let God be honoured and we shall nave religion, let eaoh individual man be honoured and industry will lose none ef its motives, let civil government be honoured and liberty and peace will smile on all alike. The English Revolution of the seventeenth century and the American Revolution of the eighteenth, two of the most reasonable and beneficent changes the world ever saw, were both the work of men who bad been imbued with the influenoe of tbe English Bible. The French Revolution of the last century, though the uprising of a great people against ages of wrong, was tainted by horrors and by violenoes whose effects are troubling beautiful Franoe to day. What a difference it would have made to the spirit and to the results of the French Revolation if the fear of God and not Atheism had cast its spell upon the leaders, and reverence for human life and for human rights had tempered the heats of conflict and restrained the madness of ' the people! That reverence for law and order which moderates the independence of Englishmen all over the world, and is guiding our nation safely through one political change after another, is but the reproduction of that spirit of reverence for man, and yet for civil government too, whioh lives throughout the Scriptures, and which, by secur ing the stability of the foundations of a state, renders im provements possible in the superstructure. And what is the great missionary enterprise?— what are all the battles of philanthropy P — what are all the gatherings of nations in the great Industrial Exhibitions ef London, of Paris, of New York, and of our own colonial capitals? — what are onr Christian commissions and bands of trained nurses and appliances following everywhere in the footsteps of war, to heal the wounded of any nation, and to console and guide to Christ the victims of war P — what are all these but the fruits of the teaching of that Book which, for nearly nineteen centuries, has been declaring 'that God loved the world and gave His son to die for every man, ' 'that He made of one blood all nations,' and that 'in Christ there is neither Greek nor Jew, barbarian, Scythian, nor free, but Christ is all and in all P ' No «?*»» words were ever heard before in the world. No such words are spoken to-day by any other book except this one, or those which have borrowed from it. However pretentious modern improvements upon the Chiistianity of the New Testament, it will be found that, like all the old philosophies, they are incapable of catho licity. They infallibly break down into oastes; but the Gospel alone despairs of no Tnnnr Its first trophy was a thief expiring on his cross outside the circle of human power to' bless. What philosopher of any ancient or. modern school could hold out any hope to a dying male factor P Christ, and Christ alone, had a salvation to offer even to that man. To that dying thief, as t- million? sin ;e beyond the reach of any human power to help, Christ slid, in answer to his prayer, ?' This day shalt thon be with me in Paradise.' Ye?, tyrants have never loved this Book. Thieve? *nd harlots, panderers and man-stealer-, have never loved this Book, The inniiacte of all men who*e trade ia in viae tell them that this Book is their foe; and yet its goodness behind its purity, its sweet humanness behind its more than hnman dignity — the glance, as it were, of pitying eyes be hind the frown of its displeasure, the low, sweet tones as ef gentle, inviting voices heard ?with the distinctness of music behind the thunder of its threitenings— these things, felt rather than described, have attracted tens of thousands ot wretched, friendless sinners to this Book, and as they ?rayed over its precious promises they were sure that a Veioe Divine opened to them the doorof a new life, whilst it caid to them, ' Go in peace ; thy sins are forgiven thee !' And now, in completing our study of the pure spiritof the | Scriptures, we most remember that this its holy life has been progressive within itself. Within the Scriptures themselves we trace a progressive morality, an ever ad vancing standard of moral excellence, until, like the tall j nwiirtM*1 peak, overlooking all the plateau on which it ' stands, we reach the perfectly holy and faultless Christ. Vow; the progressive purity and beauty In the teaching of this Book has been always in direct contrast to the moral state of society and the wisdom of this world in each great Eriod of its formation. What was ancient Egypt when oee8 wrote the Pentateuch — setting the moral law in its ?entre, the peerless diamond in the regal circlet ? Egypt was men, indeed, a land of civilization, of art, of much science and human wisdom. But it was s land of superstition and licentiousness. It was a country of great architects, but he who carved the huge Colossus or piled up the stately pyramid might have gone home to worship a beetle, to embalm a cilf or a cat reverently with funeral honour, or to adore an onion before be ate it. Yet tbat was the ago of Mo£ws. Then, whilst the central portion i f this book was being written, what was tbe state of the world P The great thinkers and artists . of Grcece were yet far away in the unborn time, while the fierce and cruel despotisms of Assyria, Babylon, and Persia swept over Asia, destroying far more than they could re- j build. -And an Is-iiah in the times of Ahaz and a Daniel in Babylon—these and their fellows ar3 not ts be accounted j for by the times in which they lived. They were men whom God raised up, as he mlses up genius elsewhere, to do | a work perfectly unparalleled. When the Old Testament I was finished, about 400 years before the birth of Christ, the volume was as truly unique as it is now. There was no i book like it in the world then any more than now. For 400 years God waited, as it were, challenging the world to complete his work. Meanwhile the great Roman Empire arose, first conquering, then civilizing, then cor rupting the world. What was the state of society in the Soman world when Christianity began its work ? We will allow Gibbon to tell us, a historian ef such marvellous resources and power, and ^et whoso dislike to Christianity has been dcsciibed as that nf a man who felt personally ineqlied by its triumphs. This great but scornful his torian says : 'It is almost superfluous to enumerate the nnworthy successors of Augustus. Their unparalleled vices, and the splendid theiiro on which they were acted, have saved them from oblivion. The dark, unrelenting Tiberius, the, furious Culigula, tbe profligate and cruel Nero, the beastly Vitellius, and th-j timid, inhuman D Jmitian are condemned to eveilastinginfamy. Daring four score years, excepting only the short and doubtful respite of Vespasian, Rome groaned beneath an unremitting tyranny, which exterminated the ancient families of the Republic, and was fatal to almost every virtue and every talent that rose in that unhappy period.' Yet this was the time in which ^he Lord Jesus lived, died, and rose again from tbe dead; this was the period which witnessed the Day of Pentecost, and the conversion of Saul the archpersecu tor into Paul the Apostle ; this was the period in which Divine grace, working through the Divine Word, produced the family at Bethany and the Apostolic band — which sent forth from a Roman prison such a letter as the Epistle to the Philippians — which blessed the world for ever with such gems of heavenly tenderness and sanctity as the Gospel and Epistles of St. John ; and this was the period of which a Roman governor could report concerning the moral character of the Christians in his province, ' They bind themselves by an oath, not to tbe commission of any wicked ness, but not to be guilty of theft, or robbery, or adultery ; never to falsify their woid, nor to deny a pledge committed to them when called upon to return it. Yes. there has keen a growth within the Sacred Books — a growth of all moral excellence in precept and example from Abraham to Moses, and from Moses to the Lord Jesus. And there has been growth, too, in the character of the readers and lovers of that Holy Book, which is everywhere a-sociated with the life of Christians. We may compare the Bible to some tall and robust forest tree which, in direct opposition to the downward pull of gravitation, has been still bearing up wards hundreds of tons of leaves and branches, until now it stands mature, and shading * the landscape, and fearlesB «f the storm. But the Christian's love to his Bible is sus tained bv )he consciousness of moral and intellectual growth in himself, a? he more and more fully moulds himself to its pattern, and matures t him self by its imparted life. The best of Christians are ever thoEe whose love to the Scriptures keep pace with their humbler judgmest of themselves. These «re ever the men who, lookingat the life and character of the Lord Jesus, mirrored in Bis Word, can never be satis fied until they wake up after His likeness. To be like Him, to see Him as He is, and to-find a place in that heavenly soaety which He will present to Himself, ' not having spot, ct wrinkle, or any such thing,'— these are the highest hopes of the Christian; . To understand the moral tendency of the Scriptures, you must consider the end to which they point. Between the world of time and the world of eternity, there lies a low and shadowed valley, which men call death. The Bible alone has letin the light fiom the other side. We behold a city . of splendour and security, mantled with each light as never shone on sea or shore of this world. But amidst all the njy6teiy of that ijlory we read that this ' is the Holy City.' We behold its gates, and know not all that is meant by ' twelve gates that were twelve pearls but of this we are spre, that in their stainless beauty is au everlasting pro hibition to the touch of an impure hand. We behold the street of 'pure gold, like unto clear glass,' and marvel at this .. mystery of etherealized materialism ; but of this we are | sure,' that no foul foot durst tread that glorious street. From the jasper throne, from the ^crystal river, from the robes of the citizens, white with that starry sheen which robes must have that \vere ' washed and made white in the blood of the Lamb,'— from eveiy aspect of that glorious metropolis comes to us this warning, ' Without holiness np man can see the Lord.' Yes, the Bible is but a means, and that Holy_City iB the end. Here iB a holy Book, and ypnder the sinless world, to which it is the only guide. And as Christians approach the solemn close of their earthly history tbey invariably draw nearer to thsir hearts the hallowing Word of .'God. Never do the old famUiar promises sound sweeter than when the disciple of Christ is but a Btep from theParadieeof God. Never does this holy Book seem so holy sb when Christians are consciously approaching the Judge of all. And as tha Book iteelf brightened towaras its close, and its _ last pages are empurpled with the splendours of the coming day, so does it brighten the closing hours of those who have loved it. They love it to the end for its pure spirit, acd for its purifying power exerted on themselves. They take no leap in the dark. They descend into the last shadow that shall ever chill their spirits with ! this confidence for themselves, '? Thou wilt show me the | path of life,' and with this homage to the we'l-tried and beloved Wird Divine, ' The Holy Scriptures, able to make j ub wise unto salvation, through faith in Christ Jesus.' ' 