FOOTBALL NOTES. Br The Amateur. When the match between the Carlton first twenty and a similar number representing the Albert Park was about to start Last Saturday week, it will be remembered a protest was en tered by the captain of the Albert Park jteam objecting to W. Monie playing, as it had al- ready been shown that he had played with another club this season, viz., the Williams - town. When this was represented to Gardiner, the captain of the colony; he openly stated his intention that, if Monie was not allowed to take part in the game, play should not be com menced. Brown, as captain of the visitors, did care to to allow this to interfere with the pro gress of the afternoon's play, and thus allowed the game to be proceeded with. It is evident that Mr. Gardiner, m the capacity of captain for the premier club of the colony, has com pletely forgotten the necessity of carefully leading the rule referred to, which is very concise on that point, and which is as follows : — "Nc, 13. No player shall play with more than one club during the season." No mention whatever is made about substitutes. It might be argued in his favour that this concession has always been allowed, but that does not make bis case any better, and as the Carlton club was one of the prime movers in the revision of the rules which took place in 1874, I should ad vise them to practise what they preach. If the rule is to be recognised, let it be done so by the seniors, and not discarded when they think fit ; so that instead of the conduct of the Albert Park team on this ocuasion being worthy of censure, let the premier club learn, to assist to maintain the rights of the rules of football. The great interest which is always manifested in the game between the Carlton and Mel bourne was as significant as ever when it was found that they would meet to try conclusions aiin on Saturday last. The trysting-place for the firBt match was in the Royal Park, and thither did thousands proceed to wit ness the game, ladies as usual honouring the ground with their presence, though not to I such an extent as might have been expected, | consequent on the dulness of the day, which during the early part of the morning seemed lather threatening, the wind, which at times veered round from north to north-east, in no way I interfering with the game. On arriving on the I gi ouinl I found, on inauirv. that the crowd | would, so far as it was possible, have to be con- I tent with being controlled by six or eight foot- I police. The gentle hint which appeared in one I the morning contemporaries to the effect that I joopers should be allowed out on such occa- 1 I 6»iiis seoms to have been completely ignored, so I rt1 aa tlm mounted-troopers were concerned. I biiti the senior clubs appoint a delegate each I v rtT,i'esent them, and lay their case before the I Gciniinissi(mer, things will just go on as at pre- | si-'ufc. fiefore both sides were fully prepared for I ;,8tart Waa half -past 3, when it was found I that Melbourne would kick from west to east. I h n aron representative despatching the E a»i) it was immediately sent back, when Sar- I eant, of the Melbourne, in attempting to run, I pounced upon by M'Gill, but not before he I , ati made the ball proceed on its journey, which I it up by the Carlton goal, where Dono- I m his old rig-out, stood in readiness, wait- I ltS aTProachi and to the delight of the on- I fQUt erS receve itb and with his usual dash of I sp' to run, when he was immediately I by M'Donnell, and forced to drop it. I us 1 king advantage, returned it with un- orce towards Guy, who, with his "coat off, I their good name, fame, I to jrePutatoni and with more luck managed I gnoj , tbe vigilance of the Melbourne men, I but 0a journey, and put it out of danger ; I tnpj110. 8,ner was this the case than it was im- I -C,tel5rforce<lback by Bennie, jun., andCarr. I east j -0r a ew minutes was confined at the I bein occasional scrimmages, M'Gill I iasia? 8uccessftd iu gaining the ball, and I trav.ii j iatheson and Goer, it for a while I fieanf j ut be centre ef the ground, Sar- I tig Bryde, on the Melbourne side, work- I fcakft Jjtafly, some good runs being occasionally I th M'Donnell, who was working I tiv»i l- ®it wing, had several chances I bim within forty - yards of goal, but luck was against them. Wilson, who was playing on the right wing, had a very easy chance given him immediately after one of Mac- donald's, but he failed to profit by it, the back players oi the Carlton, Monie, Donovan Guv and Bracken, sen. , having their work cut out for them ; but no material alteration took place or anythmg worthy of notice, with the exception that the play was very even, though slightly in favour of Melbourne, who managed to stnd the bad three or four tunes behind their opponents' posts. I might mention a fault which was found m the Melbourne play, and which they should try to ref ram from. They do not seem to look who is next to them when the ball is in mid-am, and it on more than one occasion hap- i Ter their own men wko would suddenly rush Jnp ;against them, completely spoilmg their own chance. The ball, just before time was called, was slightly forced to wards the bounds on the south side, when Bennie, sen., and Hammill came in contact with great force, the result being that Hammill re vived an ugly wound on the eyebrow from Bennies spectacles, and with a little persua- sion was induced to give over play for the lpst of the day. Power, in the position of central umpire, started the ball again after breathing time had beeu allowed, when the Melbourne, in their final struggle, and with great determina tion, at once rushed the ball towards the Carlton goal, billett, Bennie, jun., and Carr working admirably ; but thesuperior strength of the Carlton immediately after told its own tale, as Goer and Donovan sent it. down towards the other end, where Longden was in waiting to do a share of work, making .'the leather rebound from whence it came, Sargeant ably assisting. M'Gill and G. Robertson (who played a splendid game seemed to know too much for them, their weight assisting them materially. The ball was now making great headway towards the Mel bourne end, where Nudd, who was playing on the left wing, was waiting for a catch, when he %yas suddenly pushed from behind by Bennie, jun., me result oeing tnat a free kick was awarded. The play at the time being continued in front of the posts, when Bracken was|given a mark ; but this was refused, as an infringement of the rule had been made by Bennie, jun., which entitled Nudd to a free kick. The Melbeurne team were rather pleased to find that the ball should be taken away to an angle to be kicked from, but Nudd, who was entrusted with it, despatched the ball with |unerring accuracy clean through the posts, gaining first blood for the blues. Another start having been effected, it was very soon noticeable that a dis organisation in the ranks of the reds had been made, as they seemed to lack that want of energy which is always required to compete successfully with the blues. Occasionally a Melbourne man would secure the ball, and make headway along the wing, but with no ultimate success, M'Donnell, who was playing well, ably assisted by Carr, managed to have a mark given him about fifty yards at a similar angle to that of Nudd's. This, for the time bemg, raised the spirits of the Melbourne team, as M'Donnell is noted as being a reliable kick, but no good came of it. Another chance was afforded him about five minutes afterwards at a greater dis tance, but with no better result. After this the Melbourne men were entirely routed, and a the mercy of the Carlton, who had it all their own way. The ball was very seldom seen half way « rr«i« T In n I Ki o n n/in +/\»« y» n 1 n mvw/\ — w unio. IU1 WCIC UUU»BlUlIclLiy obtained, and Nudd, by a very neat kick, managed to secure a second, and shortly after Bracken, out of a scrimmage, got the hall, and sent it clean through the posts, these being the only goals obtained during the afternoon. The game for the last half was all in favour of the Carlton, the visitors not having the "ghost of a show " given them ; and thus ended the first match of the season, entirely in favour of the blues. The East Melbourne team, finding it more convenient to play in the Royal Park, have taken possession of the old North Melbourne ground, and there had arranged to meet the Richmond, who failed to keep their appoint ment. A practice match, however, took place. The first twenty of West Melbourne met a like number of the Fawkner Park, and after a well-contested game, each side managed to secure two goals. The Victorian Railways team suffered another defeat at the hands of the Albert Park first twenty, at Emerald Hill, the local team secur ing three goals to their nil. From information received, it appears that the V.R. team played with fourteen men only. The principal match fixed for to-day is that between Carlton and East Melbourne. The scene of the contest is at the Royal Park, and the East Melbourne team, of which the fol lowing is a list, are requested to meet at the Town-hall corner at half-past 2 o'clock : — Adamson, Azzoppardi, Barnett, Blair, Cooke, Crooke. J. and W. Dalton, Donaldson (captain), Gunn, Green, Lynn, Lewis, Miller, Petrie, B. and J. Spain, Smith, Webb, Whitelaw (vice- captain), Wright. The following matches will also be played : — Carlton v Albert Park (second twenties), at Royal Park, for challenge cup, at 3 o'clock sharp. Joliniont v Victoria Parade ; Joli- monters to meet at Town-hall at a quarter to 2. West Melbourne v Hawthorn, at Hawthorn. West Melbourne are requested to meet at Post- office at 2 sharp. Hotham United v Hotham Hill, in the Royal Park. Warwick v Victoria- United, in Richmond Park, near Jolimont. Melbourne v East Melbourne (second twenties), for cup, at Melbourne. Melbourne team — Cumming, Cummins, Crosbie, Downes, England, Forrester, Graham, Goldsmith, Greig, Houston, Hancock, Jenvey, Lamrock, Macaw, Mont gomery, Munro (2), M'Guigan, Norcott, Page, Sabine, Scott, Taylor, Affleck, Baglie. East Melbourne team to be chosen from the follow ing : — Beckerfelt (2), Clark, Davenport, Davies, Donoghue, Harvey, Hughes, Ford, Lewis, Pet- tigrew, Samson, Sommerbile, Spooner, Temple, Tindale, Wilkins, Wingfield, Woods, O'Connor, Bain, Wymand, Anderson, and ConnelL Rich mond second twenty v Albion Union. South Yarra Alma v North Prahran, in Fawkner Park. Richmond Standard v Cambridge Union, in the Richmond Paddock. Carlton Imperial v St. Kilda (second twenties), University Reserve, for the subscription challenge cup. St. Kilda Alma v Fawkner, for cup, at St. Kilda, 3 o'clock sharp. Excelsior (second twenty) v Northcote, Royal Park. Excelsior v Metro politan (first twenties), Military Reserve. The South Yarra Alma will play the North Prahran State school, on the ground of the latter behind the State school, at 3 p.m. sharp. Fawkner (second twenty) v Albert, in Fawkner Park, at 3 o'clock sharp. St. Kilda v Albert Park, on the St. Kilda ground. Cambridge Union v Richmond Standard, south side of Melbourne Cricket-ground, Essendon v Brunswick, at Essendon ; and second twenties of same clubs, at Brunswick, 