TOPICS OF THE DAY. At an adjourned meeting of the Asso ciated Banks, held on Saturday afternoon, arrangements were made to place the Vic torian three million loan on the London iiiarket, and to make any advances roquUstl by the Government until the proceeds leach the colony. The present intention is to float the loan early in September. In the proceedings against Messrs Steven son and Sons, both in the District and Supreme Courts, allusions were frequently made to the depositions taken before Mr Guthrie, at the custom house, on which subsequent proceedings were raised. In another column wo give, in extenso, the denositions taken at the inquiry referred to. They include the evidence of Mr George Stevenson, Mr Brind, the manager, Mr Hill, to whom Mr Trowell so pointedly refers, and other employes of tho firm who have not been examined in any of tho courts, These depositions and Trowell's pamphlet place Stevenson's case before "the public divested of all legal technicalities. An application was made before his Honor the Chief Justice in chambers this morning for the release from custody of Mr R. D. Ireland, Q.C., who remains in tho custody of a Bheriif officer at his own resi dence, Some very peculiar disclosures are made in the affidavits read, whioh will bo found in extenso elsewhere. His Honor declined to interfere. The third session of tho eighth Parliament of Victoria, will be opened with tho custo mary formalities to-morrow. A full report, incluatng tne aovstuo.-a opaccb, will bo given in The Herald, Tho shipping, commercial, and stock in telligence, will be found on our fourth page. Parliament House lias been re- furbished up dnring the recess, but there is no par ticular alteration, except tho three new chandeliers hung in tho Assembly, They aro of a kind not familiar in this country, tho luBtres aro festooned together so that' tho whole chandelier resembles an inverted beehive, tbo lustros boine close together. Tho effect will be brilliant. None of the members of tbe Assembly have marked off their places. It is not customary to do so except at the opening of a new Par liament. In the Legislative Council thelines of red morocco chairs are sot out in front of the benches, which will, of course, be occu pied by beauty nnd fashion at to-morrow's gathering, while the members take tho chairs for tho time bein A Cabinet mooting was hold at ten thiB morning, and lasted till noon, Another meeting was begun at two o'clock, nnd is still proceeding. Tho business has, of course, boon to finish tho Governor's Speech, HiB Excellency has also beon in attendance at the Trensury all to-day, in consultation, from time time, with his advisers, Mr Royce, who lately arrived in Melbonrne as agent for the double- bogie Fairlie locomo tives, has placed himself in communication with the Commissioner of Railways, the Engincer-ln-chief, Mr Higinbotham, and the Workshops Superintendent, Mr.Melklo. Mr Jones is so busy at present with hiB railway bill as to be nnable to give his attention# to nnything else, but Mr Royce has made on appointment for an interview in whioh ho will lay tho whole matter before the Commissioner, with elaborate plana showing the economy and superiority of tbo double-bogies. These engines are different to the pair of bogies which aro working on the Hobson's Bay line, and aro a great im provement upon them. No doubt attention will be called in Parliament to tbo presence of Yr Royce in Melbourne, and information will bo elicited from tho Government as to their opinion On tlw merits of these en gines. The Stonewall Demonstration in the Tem perance Hall, this evening, promises to be very largely attended. Mr Berry and other members of tho late Ministry are to address the meeting. Coming, as it does, on tho eve of the opening of Parliamont, considerable importance is attached to the meeting. One of those font femalo ghouls who fatten upon tho destruction of yonng girls, was brought before the City Poiico Court this morning. Tho woman's name is Mary Brown, nnd sho wns arrested on tho ohnrge of keeping a disorderly house. Sergeant Dnlton, who made the arrest, stated that on Friday night last, from information he re ceived he visited the prisoner's honsc in Leichnrt Btreet, where he fonnd two girlB, agod sixteen years, who had only on that day left a respectable situation, and meeting Brown's daughter, herself a girl in her toons, the latter induced tho children to visit her mother's den avowedly for immoral pur poses. The prisoner, not hnvingboon before the court on a previous occasion, was dis charged, with a ri-r.o-n—niiflation to lead a iooic blamolcSB life for tho fuluro. The yield of gold for the week is about up to tho usual weekly 'average (says tho Ben- ' digo Advertiser), amounting to abont 5000 oz. In dividends, the sum of £8023 12s has been declared, against £2900 calls made, leaving a balance of dividends over calls of £5123 12s. A bricklayer's laborer, named Michaol Manning, was fined forty shillings, with the alternative of fourteen days' imprisonment, by the Fitzroy bench, this morning, for assaulting a young woman, named Sarah Reed. Defendant is stepfather to plaintiff's husband, and the assault took place during a family quarrel, arising from a dispute about the ownership of some furniture. John Williams and Frederick Mny, two Collingwood larrikins of the recognized stamp, being in temporary need of tobacco, at an early hour yesterday morning " stuck np" a man named John Scorso, and relieved him of a ponnd weight of the fragrant weed, which he was oarrying home for his own smoking. The Fitzroy magistrates have eent the thieves to gaol for three months. At the Fitzroy Police Conrt, this morn ing, a lad, named Benjamin Howard, was charged with having, on the 5th instant, stabbed another boy, named Allen Canning- ham. The lads were playing with otherB in Gertrude Btreet, on Wednesday night last, and wound up' by pelting each other with orange peel, and nsing abusive names. Tho epithet, "gaol bird," so exasperated tho hoy Cunningham, that stones quickly took the place of orange peel, and finally Howard ami Cunningham closed with each other. During the struggle Cunningham folt what he thought was a blow, but quickly found that blood was flow ing down his back, and that he hnd been stabbed with some sharp instrument, whioh turned out to be a pocket knife. The wounds were two in nnmber, one caused by a piece of road metal, which had cut through the skin of tho forehead, down to tho bone, and an inciBion between tbe shoulder blades one inch and nhalf broad, penetrating to tbe ribs, off one of whioh the knife fortunately glanced. Dr Crooke stated that, had not the knife blade been stopped 'by the rib, the wound would in aU probability have proved fatal. Tha charge was proved, and the pri soner was ordered to be imprisoned for one month, without hard labour. Although the lad Howard is only fifteen years old he lias already beon convicted of shop breaking, for which he was sent to tho reformatory for i wo years. The late pugilistic encounters between professional boxers which camo off at the PriaceBB Theatre and the Polytechnic Hall would nppear to have have created a spirit of emulation among nmateur spnrrers. A slight dispute between two lads on the respective merits of their favorite masters in the P. R. resulted in a challenge by one lad to another, which waB eagerly accepted. The combatants whose names are John Leo and Lawrence M'Alister, accompanied by seconds, adjourned to tho old ceme tery, whore they fought for moro than an hour, the prize being a sum of money. The men were arrested at tho instance of a lady, who witnessed the disgraceful scone. The poiico arrested the candidates for fistic honors, and this morn ing they appeared before the City Poiico Court, where they were ordered to find one surety each in £10, to keep the peace for Bix months, We have received a copy of Sclf-Govcrn- mcnt in Victoria, Mr H. J. Wrixon's address to the electors of Victoria, issued by Mr George Robertson. The gist of tho pamphlet hns already been made publio. It is generally thought that Miss Alice May will stop into the position on the Eng lish lyric stage rendered vacant by tho death of Julia Matthews. Miss May is now in England. It will be a curious coincidence if the English world will have to be again indebted to Melbonrne for its leading artiste in tho lighter opera. It was in this city that Miss May developed into a lyric artiste. Mr Hoylo has been so successful with the application of his Pacific Vegetable Wonder to the lepers of Ballnrat, that he intends dnring the present week to go to Sandhurst, to attend the lepers in that city. Should Mr Hoyle be successful in curing the lepers, ho will hnve accomplished a feat in which the medical faculty have faiied'in all ages. Our (Gippsland Mercury) Traralgon cor respondent relates something out of the common ns to the yield of potatoes. Two spnson8 past, six potatoes wero cut up into seed ; six sets proved failnres, the remainder produced u ui-vp of holb, a single potato o£ whioh weighed 41b, another 3Jlb. The second year three- quarters of an sere wero sown, and produced over seven tons. They were grown at Tanner's Park, twelve miles from Traralgon. The proprietor of the Belfast Banner has apologised to Constables Oliver and Lindsay, hence the withdrawal of the libel action. Tho editor admits that he " placed too much reliance in the ox parte statements made to me by the complainant, and that lie must have misinformed me as to all the facts con nected with the case." The following telegram appears in tho Sydney Evening News of Wednesday last, dated Yass : — The shocking death which occurred a day ago in this district, proves to have been an atrocious murdor. Dr Blake, the coroner, bold an inquest yesterdny about two miicB on tbe Queanbcynn side of Youm« burrab, and returned late last night, Tho victim's name was Jeremiah M'Onrthy, Tho top of his skull was shattered and carried away, and the brain had apparently been scooped out after death by the murderer. A shot was found in the skull. The verdiot was to the effect that death wns caused by a gunshot wound, but by whom inflicted tho jury contd not say. Strong suspicions nro entertained as to who is tho perpetrator of tho crime, which is supposed to have been committed on the 28th ultimo. The police are out, and it iB fully expected that the murdorcr will bo apprehended in a day or two. Our (Bondigo Advertiser) Inglewood correspondent stated in his letter of Saturday that a man, answering tho de- scription of Sullivan, had been seen on tho rond from Wodderburn to Kangaroo Flat, Since thon, our correspondent informs us, be baa learned that Sullivan lms left Wed- dorbnrn. Arnold Brinkman, a Prussian, was broubgt up at the Prahran Court this morning, as a lunatic. Ho had been a patient in the Alfred Hospital, but escaped yesterday through a wiudow, iiaving beon confined by himself, in consequence of being out of his mind. In the evening a report came to the station that Brinkman was running abont tlio borough, with a knifo in his hand. Ser geant ParicinBon arrested him, tho knife, however, proving to be only a short piooe of wood. The Bench sent him to the asylum, Tbo legtnre o£ tho Rev, Charier Clark on Saturday evening wfttf somewhat unexpec tedly enlivened by tho repeated interruptions of an elderly .gentleman in the bo.ly of the hall. Cries of " turn himljout" resounded on all sides when Mr Clark observed " No, don't tnrn him out, but keep his tongue in." This did not nilenee the elderly party. Tho lecturer thon very humorously invited some one to "sit "on him." This provoked ronrs of lnughtcr. The intcrrnp- tion continuing, Mr Clark's palienco was fairly exhausted, and in a firm, load tone, of voice, he said, addressing a constable in the hall, " Please tako that person out— tho person with tho red necktie — take him away." Tho old gentleman wa3 then forcibly ejected, and the lecture then proceeded to tho end without further let or hindrance. Madame Janauschek has made n wonder ful success in London as Medea. The Lon don critics declare that she is the bast tragic actress seen on tho London boards for years. This evening, Lococq's new opora, Lea Pros St. Gervais, will be produced at the Opera House. This opera differs somewhat from other workB of tho same composer, inasmuch, that a large number of leading singers are required, there being four soprani and three tenori. Tho cast will be tho strongest that hns appeared in opera-bonffe at the Opera Houso. It will be as follows : —Conti, Miss Melville ; La Rose, Mr Armes - Beaumont ; Hnrpin, Mr Leopold ; Nicole, Mr Johnson ; Gregoire, Mr Bracy ; Fri- quettc, Miss Clnrn Thompson ; Angelique, Miss Jennie Winston ; Tomon, MiBS Alioo Wooldridge ; Madame Nicole, Mrs J. H. Fox. It will, therefore, be seen that the whole force of tho Opera Houso will be an the boards to-night. Lea Pre3 St. Gervais ought to ba the greatest success in its lineR that has been given in Melbourne. We are glad to Bee that the Theatre Royal management is about to utilise their ex cellent stock compnny. This evening Mr Dampier is to essay the great aud arduous character of Hamlet, snpported by the goneral company. Tho King will be under taken by Mr Lawrence, Polonius by Mr Stuart O'Brien, Laertes by Mr F. O, Apple- ton, the first gravediggor by thnt humorist, Mr J. R. Greville, the Ghost by Mr h, R, Hnrwood, Gertrude by Mrr Edonin Bryer, Ophelia (for the first time in Australia by MiBa Blanche Stammers). Mrs Scott Siddons is engaged for this theatre, and will make her first appearance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. A notice in oar advertiaing columni states that tho Emerald Hill ttovision Court will be held on Monday next, at noon. 