FALLEN- FORTUNES. BY JAMES PAYN, ArxHOE OF " LosT, SIB MASSIWOBEKD," " WAITER'S WOED," &C.; CHAPTER VII. MAKING THE BEST OF IT. " Some one lias "been to call," observed Mrs. Campden to her companion, as, driving, up the carriage-sweep within an hour or BO of dinner-time, her sharp eyes remarked the recent traces of wheel and hoof. "I should hot wonder if it was Lady Blanche Ealing." " Mr. Holt and the boys were going to the sports, were they not i" returned Mrs. Dalton—not, it must be confessed, with any aigns of overpowering interest in the question; ' for the "last two hours her thoughts had been at home—waiting for her husband's telegram ; and neither the calls, nor her companion's conversation, had been able to secure the attention which she would fain have given to them. "My dear Edith"—she spoke with an emphasis dictated by a due sense of the fitness qf things—'' you don't suppose-1 should have sent out anything but the dogcart with that Mr. Holt'? There has been a pair of horses here—look at the hoof-marks. It is very annoying if it has been Lady Blanche, for that will be the second time I have missed her. Such a charming person, the Earl of Beefampton's daughter, and, socially speaking, iive lady of this part of the country. Who has' called, Marks V' asked she of the butler, who received them at the hall door. "No one, ma'am — leastways, Sir. Dimple came on some business about the church- sittings, but it would do just as well, I was to say, with his compliments, another day." " But some carriage has been here beside the dogcart." "Ohyes, ma'am; the.barouche. Master took out the young ladies in it." " Is there any message for me, Marks?" enquired Mrs. Dalton, unable any longer to bear her suspense, though unwilling enough to interrupt the enquiries of her hostess. "Yea, ma'am; a telegram; Miss Jenny has it." The invalid girl had been for so many years a child-guest at Riverside, that in old Mark's eyes she was still Miss Jenny, and would probably remain so for ever. " She is up in her own room, I think, ma'am." Mrs. Dalton flew upstairs to the apartment thus indicated, where she found Jenny upon her spring-couch — the unwonted fatigues of the day having somewhat exhausted her frail frame. " Oh,- mamma, there is a telegram from papa." "What is it child 1 ?" enquired her mother anxiously. Jenny put the slip of paper in her hand without speaking — " Shall come up by tlte 6'30 train, as proposed. Komp." "Why what does he mean by NompV' \- " T am afraid it means he is not elected. He wishes us to understand, without telling others, that he was* no M.P.; at least, that is what I make it out to be." "Dear, dear !" sighed Mrs. Dalton. " I am very sorry, upon papa's account, mamma, because I am afraid he will be disappointed ; but except for that—you know we have often agreed that he will be happier as-he is." Mis. Dalton did not reply, but withdrew at once to her own room. There was something in the bareness of the communication that she had just received— though telegrams are not expected to be effusive—that chilled her, and seemed to give an additional seriousness to the missive of the morning. The latter had enjoined silence upon her as regarded her husband's anticipations of the election, and even now that it was over he seemed to have a disinclination to make known the result. What did this reticence augur in one who had been wont—until of late months—to be the most frank and demonstrative of men ? It was true that he had given utterance to no expression of annoyance, but the brevity of his message spoke to her in language that she alone understood of the chagrin and bitterness that he was enduring. "ISTo M.P." was all that lie had said, but no " Form" with which the Telegraph Company could have supplied would have been sufficient to contain her paraphrase of those few letters. She was consumed with vague apprehensions upon his account, for she knew not ichy her husband should be thus caat down^ and that was the most bitter thought of all. She was far too wise, however, to consult upon such a matter with a third person, or to allow others to read her anxiety ! and she presently descended to the drawingroom to await her husband's ai rival, as though only dinner had been in prospect. She found the rest of the company already established there, and became at once conscious that something unpleasant had occurred among them. The quarter of an hour before dinnertime is proverbially an embarrassing period, but it was obvious that on this particular occasion it had been a very uncomfortable one. Her first glance, mother-like, was given to lier own belongings, and so far as they were concerned, it seemed that the explosion— , which had certainly-taken place, for the air was still heavy with the smoke of it— had spared them, whatever harm it had wrought to others. Jenny was on the sofa with a book befere her eyes, which would not have been the case—for she was bold as a lion—had she been under fire; Kate, - with a flushed cheek, was looking out of the window, to avoid, as her mother guessed, gazing on the victim under punishment; Tony was standing by her with his hand fast clutched in hers, but his glowing face turned towards the scene -of action; Mary Campden was smoothing her gown, an action she used whenever ill at ease; all these, it was evident, were non-combatants. At the ; mantelpiece, with her ferns and flowers which filled the useless grate, stood the ' mistress of the house, and by her side its so-called master was twirling his whiskers as though he would have twirled them off; and at some distance stood Jeff, with a ; pale face and angry eyes. " I am sorry to say, Edith," said Mrs. Campden, addressing the new comer with ;gravity, "that my husband lias thought : proper—if the word proper can be applied to such a proceeding in any wise—to take !your daughters with his own to Bleatbarrow sports." "Dear me! I am afraid-my girls must have worried him very much to induce him to do it," said Mrs. Dalton, goodnaturedly. "That is just what we did, mamma," said Jenny, looking up for an instant from her book; "it was all our fault, but mine especially." " If my husband means to excuse his conduct at the expense of two young ladies " "There were three," observed Mary quickly; "it was I who was most to blame, because I ought to have known you would not have liked it, mamma." " I am not addressing myself to you, Mary, at all," continued her mother with dignity; "be so good as not to interrupt me. I say it was shameful to take advantage of my absence, Mr. Campden, to order the baxouche and take these girls on such an abominable -expedition. It is natural, Edith, being my guest, that you should endeavour to make light of it." " But, indeed, Julia, I don't think it any serious matter," answered Mrs. Dalton; '' and of course the girls would be quite safe in your husband's charge in case of any annoyance. " "Well, well; you are easily satisfied, Edith," returned the other lady, throwing up her hands;. " but if you know what I know about such places—what I can't help knowing from my position here— the sort of people that attend them " "There was Lord Riversdale," observed Mr. Campden, dryly. "Indeed! I am sorry to hear it. But not his wife, Sir." " I am sure I don't know whether she was his wife," said Uncle George, still more dryly; " there was a youngish woman with him." " Do not heighten your disgraceful conduct by disreputable talk, I beg," answered Mrs. Campden, icily. " I am quite sure that there was no lady at Bleabarrow, except those you took there in my barouche." "I really don't think that the girls can have taken much hurt, dear Julia," reiterated Mrs. Dalton, the peacemaker. " I don't know as to hurt, Edith, but I suppose even your good nature would draw the line somewhere. What would you have said, for instance, if any gentleman of your acquaintance had not only gone to such a place as Bleabarrow, but taken part in the sports — entered as a competitor with drunken persons " " My good lady, no drunken person can run up hills," remonstrated Uncle George; "you don't know what you are talking about; you don't, indeed." "Oh, thank you! Iam sure you are the pink of courtesy; as polite a husband as you have shown yourself a judicious father. However, I was addressing myself to Edith. I was asking what she would think if you, or any of your guests here, should have taken it into their head to compete with such ruffians?" " Well, really, I can't imagine Mr. Campden doing that," said Mrs. Dalton; " and, of course, it would be very indecorous " "The height of indecorum," interrupted Mrs. Campden, looking round triumphantly; " there, were not these my very words? You see, Mr. Geoffrey Derwent, that even those who are generally most ready to excuse- you have nothing to urge in extenuation of your conduct. Mis. Dalton quite agrees with me—that for a person in your position, an inmate of this house, and who has always been treated as one of the family, to compete with common men for gain -" " I did not compete for gain," said Geoffrey, indignantly; " I gave the money—it was three pounds—to the man that came in second, and only kept the belt." " That is, you did not take what you had really need of—you threw away, forsooth, three golden sovereigns, like a young millionaire—and only indulged yourself by mixing with the lowest of the low " "It was by my advice, Mrs. Campden," said one, in cold and measured tones. At the window, close to where Kate was, Mrs. Dalton perceived for the first time that Mr. Holt was also standing, half concealed by the curtain folds. "I own it was foolish and injudicious; but it was I who proposed that the young gentleman should enter himself for the Guide Race." " That had nothing to do with it," said Jeff sturdily; '' I always meant to run, and should have done so whether any one had proposed it or not." " Of course you would," continued Mrs. Campden contemptuously; " to mix, as I have said, with the lowest of the low and to earn their good opinion, was your only motive." "What! has Jeff been electioneering, like me?" cried a lively and genial voice. The speaker, who stood at the open door, had a bright and buoyant look, which by contrast with the faces around him seemed to typify good humour and ignore all angry passion. " Oh, John, how glad I am to see you!" whispered Mrs. Dalton, as slie sprang- into his arms. " Oh, papa!" cried Kate, delightfully. Everybody in the room, including, perhaps, even Mrs. Campden herself, who had shot off all her sharpest arrows, seemed pleased to see John Dalton at that moment. Having kissed his wife, he turned at once to Jenny, to prevent her rising to receive him, and embraced Kate and Tony, and then made his salutations to the rest like one who is used to be welcomed. A more conventional man would have addressed his hostess first, and his own family afterwards, but Dalton always behaved as liis instincts prompted him; and they fortunately happened to be good. He had not a handsome face, nor even an aristocratic one, yet it was one which attracted every eye. If you had seen him in the pit of a theatre (where, however,; you never would have seen him, for he was not a man to patronise the pit), or on the crowded platform of a public meeting, you would have asked straightway, " Who is that man?" He had passed middle life, and his face and forehead were deeply lined ; but neither, as you would have said, by thought nor care, so genial was the smile upon his lip, so lively the sparkle of his eye. His complexion was dark to swarthiness; his hair, worn much longer than was customary, though he, had neither moustache nor whiskers, was black as jet; Jpel so far from this producing a sombre effect, his appearance suggested gaiety. If he was not laughing, he always looked about to laugh, not at but ivith you; his air and manner suggested not only the desire to • please, but sympathy, and the readiest comprehension of your tastes and character. He was not conciliatory, for if you showed antagonism —or even a slowness in reciprocating his advance—the sunshine left his face at once, and he set you down as a fool or a knave. I am bound to say, though sometimes, guilty of a grave injustice in these hasty judgments, he was generally right. It was said by morose and ill-natured persons that John Dalton could be as '' nasty" in temper as anybody; but this was not true. He was hasty, however, and impetuous, and holding a deep-seated conviction that the man who could quarrel with so agreeable a fellow as himself must needs be a scoundrel, he behaved towards him accordingly. This conviction was a dogma of which—though more true than most dogmas—he had not been persuaded in a moment—a long course of social success had induced it. Dalton had had neither high birth nor much money to recommend him to the notice of the world, yet had possessed enough of both to render a struggle for existence or position unnecessary. He had not wasted time in setting his feet on the lower rungs of the ladder, but had been placed there by his father, who had been a man of fashion and a hanger-on of the Court for a quarter of a century before his death. The sayings of " Tom Dalton" had been considerably quoted before the reputation of his son in the same line of business had caused them to pale and fade away from the recollection of Pall-MalL Some old fogies were still found in that cynical neighbourhood who averred that John Dalton was not after all so clever a fellow as Ins father; but such remarks were justly ascribed to the disposition of persons of a certain age to praise the past at the expense of the present. He did not indeed possess the biting satire for which his parent, the friend and rival of Brummell, was distinguished—though if you trod upon his tail ever so lightly he could give an epigrammatic snap that had marked more than one heedless gentleman for life -—but his ordinary talk was bright and vivacious, and he was voted " good company" wherever he went. By profession he was a barrister, but he had never practised, or given himself the chance of practising; but had never done anything but please himself in all his life, yet in so doing had somehow contrived to please everybody else—not so much from his kind heart nor his good nature (though he could boast of both), as from a certain nameless charm of manner, which won over to him both man and woman. He was not a hero, nor anything at all like it; but if he had been one, his valet de chambre would have been the first to acknowledge it. He was not a prophet (for he little knew what was at this moment awaiting himself); but if he had been one, his own people would not have denied him honour. His wife was devoted to him; his children adored him; and their sentiments had his fullest con currence. "If people are only nice to me," he once confided to a friend, "Iam the nicest fellow people can meet." Unhappily there are some people that cannot be nice, however certain may be the reciprocity, and Mr. John Dalton had just been experiencing that fact during his canvass of the electors of Bampton. " Well, Dalton, may we congratulate you as a British senator or not ?" was Mr. Campden's enquiry as he shook hands with his guest. "You may congratulate me, my dear fellow, as having escaped being the representative of the most rascally constituency in England. It was a very narrow shave, however," added the speaker briskly ; " another half-dozen votes would have done it." Mr. Campden whistled mournfully, and the rest began to express their condolences after their several fashions, when Mrs. Dalton broke promptly in with, " John, dear, there is scarcely time, even as it is, for you to dress for dinner." '' I know that, my darling, and therefore I am not going to do it," whispered he. " But Mrs. Campden is so particular." " I know that too; but I'm not going to dress. Pray do not wait for me for one minute, ladies and gentlemen," added he aloud, and then left the room, not sorry, perhaps, notwithstanding all his presence of mind, that he had got over the declation of his failure. " My husband hopes you will excuse a morning costume, to-night, Julia," said Mrs. Dalton ; " nothing distresses him so much as coming in late for dinner or keeping anybody waiting." " Oh, certainly," returned Mrs. Campden, with a stately inclination of her head. She was pretty well aware how the case stood, and felt satisfied to get an apology out of Mr. Dalton even by proxy. He was indolent as regarded all physical exertion, and despised the small conventionalities on which his hostess set such store. She knew, or thought she knew, that all the members of "county families" dressed for dinner every night, and was therefore resolved that her own folks should do so. So poor Uncle George— who during his early life had never worn " black things," as he called tlieni, except on the rarest occasions—had every day to divest himself of his light summer clothing and put on broadcloth. Mr. Holt was always attired with the most rigid regard to the fitness of things; and Mr. Dalton, as her guest, ought to have been amenable to her wishes in this respect; but it was really very difficult, she complained, " to get him to conform to the most ordinary usages of society." She did not dare to be imperative with him, for he was one of the few people of whom she stood in dread ; and when she had once attempted to—what she was pleased to call—reason with him, he had overset her with an epigram, which, if she had understood, she would have termed, "very conceited." "Madam, nobody minds what is one's suit so long as one is a trump." Upon the whole, Mrs. Campden had her reasons for not liking Mx. Dalton, but she liked to have him at Riverside- from the popularity which his presence conferred upon it. She had more invitations from the county families —who, she had her suspicions, looked down upon her husband, for being a nouveau riche—when the Daltons were, with them, and a better chance of getting a morning call from Lady Blanche Ealing; nor was it without some gratification that | sfce found Jolm Dalton taking her into dinner, though his conversation flew over her head, and did not interest her half so much as the servants or the state of the entrees. On the present occasion he was full of the topic of the election—not that he liked it, but lest he should be supposed to shrink from it as a sore subject—and very amusing in his description of his rival (and conqueror), one Mr. Griggs. This gentleman, who was no great orator, had accused him of " labouring under the advantage" of being a skilled legal debater, which was certainly a most unjust imputation, as Dalton had but once opened his lips in Court in his life, and then only to move for a rule. Griggs had also described Mr. Disraeli as being " the greatest living statesman of this or any other age." And Griggs had also told a story on the platform so discursive-that it had touched 'upon almost everything, yet had somehow not arrived' at the point. During the progress of it, a voice—a somewhat thick and drunken voice, but still one with an evidently Liberal tone—had interrupted this narrative by a conversation with an imaginary friend, one " Samuel," supposed to be at the other end of the Town Hall, which was crammed with Griggs's supporters.. As the story went on and on, the voice grew more and more dolorous, and at last enquired, "Samuel, do you like this story ?"—a question answered by such a peal of laughter, even from his best friends, as to destroy Griggs's eloquence for the remainder of that evening. It was by no means John Dalton's habit to monopolize the conversation, and. it was only by public request that he now communicated these particulars; but he had never seemed in higher spirits. Only two persons at table were aware that he was acting a part, nor could one of these have detected it but for certain exclusive information that he possessed. Mrs. Dalton, on the other hand, knew that her husband was "not himself," although ignorant of the precise nature of . what troubled him. Behind those sprightly tones, that joyous laugh, she detected that Black Care was sitting. The subtle instinct of much love had discovered it to her, else there was nothing to indicate it, except perhaps an unwonted grimness in her husband's humour. For example, Mr. "Campden had enquired of him, since he had been last in London, whether town was «mpty. " No, Sir; there are still several toiling millions there, of our own flesh and blood." The tone of the Platform, the air of the would-be Representative, were admirably assumed; it was evident, that the speaker was still contending with Griggs for the suffrages for the Bampton freemen. " The Club, however, had nobody in it, I suppose," continued the laughing host, " except Dismay." " Dismay is out of town." "Oh, that is impossible, Dalton; he told me himself that he had not left London for a quarter of a century, and then only to visit Brighton. Oh, Disnay can't be out of town." " He is, however, I do assure you— since there are no intramural interments —for he is dead.!" "Oh, Mr. Dalton, how shocking!" ejaculated Mrs. Campden. " Yes, indeed, Madam ; but the gentleman could not help it. If you had known him as well as your husband and myself did, you would feel sure of that. He had no desire for change—except in one respect ; even when he dined alone on a mutton chop, he ivould always dress for dinner." "And very right, too, I think, Mr. Dalton." " No doubt, Madam ; and I hope he is at this moment reaping the reward for such undeviating propriety." " Well, I am sorry poor old Disnay is gone," sighed Mr. Campden. " We might better have spared a better man." " I can't understand how that can be, George," observed the hostess severely. " When did the poor old fellow go off the hooks?" asked Mr. Campden, too affected to notice a reproof which, under other circumstances, would have reduced him to silence. " Well, his ghost was seen at half-past seven last Thursday." " His ghost'" echoed several voices. '' Yes ; it was seen coming into the Club at what had been his usual dinnerhour." "Oh, what nonsense!" cried Mrs. Campden. '' How did they know it tats his ghost ?" " Well, they knew it was not himself, because he was in morning costume. Everybody said that Disnay must be dead; and what everybody says must be true." I don't think Mrs. Campden " liked the story," any more than friend Samuel liked the narrative of Mr. Griggs; but to the rest of the company it seemed droll enough. When the ladies had withdrawn John Dalton was even still more amusing ; but it is my opinion that the talk of us men " after dinner" should be as sacred as the conversation in the drawing-room that takes place during the same period among the fair sex, and which has never been revealed to mortal man. The talk was mainly between John and his host, for Mr. Holt said little. He was turning over in his mind what he should say presently in the smoking-room, or rather how he should say it, when he and Dalton should be left alone together. PORT PIBIE WATER SUPPLY.—The inhabitants of Port Pirie were greatly alarmed on Tuesday morning, the 2nd inst., by the ominous intelligence that the water supply had at last fallen short. It appears that for several days the supply has been very slack and the pressure correspondingly feeble. It had on Tuesday decreased so much that the lessee stopped the Water for any other than domestic purposes or for cfcttle. This, with the prospect of a still shorter allowance in a day or two, created quite a : panic in the to era. Towards evening the pipes flowed a little more freely, and the embargo was slightly relaxed. It is asserted that immediate and active measures are to be taken to increase the supply, either by' further development of the present source at. Nelshaby Spring or by connecting the pipes with some other accessible supply; bat unlets a thorough soaking rain comes lery shortly it is feared that water will again become a' luxury to be used very, sparingly. The wonder is that the Nelshaby -Spring has stood the drain so long, as the water stored In the reservoir was exhausted many weeks ago, and from that time the supply has been drawn direct from the spring. More storage room is imperatively called for. It is said that if the overfl iw of the spring in any average winter were carefully saved theie would be abundance for all» including the shipping at the outer harbour. 