" liOIUUBLE STOIIY Olf MINK AND DEATH." (To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser.} I Sir,-In your issue of last Monday, under the above heading, is supplied an illustration o£ the drink evil, surely, sad beyond the powers of or dinary utterances to describe. I know that, by a life-long familiarity with tho worst forms of human suffering, we are prone to lose the liner feelings of sympathy which distinguish man from brute. But, us I read the case above referred to, in ull realised solemnity of soul, I say, " God forbid that I, or any of your readers, should, by either habit of looking upon such eases, or by prejudices agaiust existing proposed reniedios, or by despair of drink-devilism over, being stopped, be found to be indifferent to the inquiry unto practical results of; is neither the godliness, the morality, or the humanity of the Christianised and civilised parts of the earth, enough for the work of. turning back the deluge of drink which is submerging the world in deso lation and woe?" Sir, the result of the experi ence of half of a somewhat long life, spent in standing in front of tho alcoholic drink curse, in the spirit of gratefully welcoming all light sup plied, and regardless of consequences, treading in the footsteps of ill duty suggested, is to leave upon my mind a conviction which knows of no tremor, that were all the moral powers put forth with which the Adorable and lufmite Creator, Preserver, and Redeemer, by His Spirit, Word, and Providence, hatU invested his creatures; this Atlantic of sin and sorrow might at once and for ever be driven back to tho Satanic-bell source from whence it spruug, and receives its judgment ripening energy. Believers in Bod the Father, in Jesus Christ, in the Holy Ghost, and iu the Holy Bible, who yourselves are " looking for the meruy of God unto eternal life," as ye think of your high privileges, solemn duties, and tromendous responsibilities, say, will you in.combination put forth the moral powers of abstinence and sobriety, and so, by ex ample and precept, influence unto love attrac ted co-operation all the lesser of the moralities and humanities of the world as a league against tho powers of the drink evil? Say, oh, say, will you? Then but not before shall be seen what alone shall expound the words, which I would like to write in letters of gold " Salvation from tho Drink Curse!" And as to all and each of your Christian readers, I would say, " Believe in the Lord; thus saith the Master." " To him that knoweth to do good and doeth it not, to him it is siu." " Be ready for every good word and work." (Sse Paul to "Titus," chap, ii., verses 11 ts 15.) " Have 110 fellowship witlv the unfruitful works of dark ness, but rather reprove theui." " Come out from among them, and be yo separate, and touch not tho unclean thing." " Every one of us must give aceouut of. himself to God." "Whatsoever your hands find to do, do it with all your might, for there is no work in the grave," which nt longest is very near at baud to both writer and reader. Waiting some days iu vaiu for other and abler pens than mine to suggest, some moral teaching from tho truly " horrible story of drink and death," I tender these linos as supplying the omission. Youra, etc., HBNRY KOBINS0N, 1st March. LANDSLIP.-Tho Mauritius correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes, under date 7th of January -News has reached this from the neighboriug island of Reunion of a terrible landslip which has occurred there, subsequently to a heavy downfall of rain. .Fortunately the accident did not happan iu a very populous locality; but one small ralley has been filled up by the fallen debris, and sixty or seventy people have lost their lives-many of them, it is to be feared, having been buried nlive. The Reunion authorities have done all in their power to relieve the other sufferers by this calamity, for it must be borne in mind that many persons are houseless, their properties haviijg been des troyed by the earth avalanche. SERIOUS ACCIDKNT.-A serious accident hap pened on Tuesday afternoon on the North Eaiteru Railway line, near Mooijee Ponds sta tion. A young woman of about 17, named Ellen Bourke, a domestic in the employ of Mr. S. Puckle, manager of the Carlton branch of the London Chartered Bant, was crossing the line at the place indicatod, when she perceived the 4.50 train to Melbourne close to her. Though the cngiue-driver sounded the whistle and called out to her, she was so paralysed by terror as to be unable to move, and was struck on the head by one of the engine buffers, and thrown down violently. Her right hand got under the wheels, and three of the fingers were taken off The train was pulled up as soon as possible, and the unfortunate woman was brought to Melbourne, and conveyed to the hospital. Her head was very severely injured, and last night she was still insensible,.and in a very precarious stato.-? Argus. THE REV. ME. Balunttne.-The Rev. Mr. Ballautyne, of Erskine Chureh, Carlton, being about to visit England, about 100 ladies and gentlemen assembled in the Council chamber, at the Town-Hall, on Tuesday, for the purpose of presenting him with a Bmall token of their esteem. The Mayor of Melbourne occupied the chair, and the testimonial, whioh took the form of a purse of 230 sovereigns, was prosented by Sir James M'Culloch. The Rev. Mr. Ballau tyne, having briefly acknowledged the gift, the proceedings terminated.-Argus. THE IspojfiNQ MAILS.-The Sumatra, which left Galle on (he 13th ult, should be heard of iron) Glcnelg abojjt JTrjday. The City of Mel bourne left San Franoispo qi) the Gtl} ult., and taking the average of her passages sljould be due in Sydney on Sunday next, but she will most probably be first heard of by telegraph from New Zealand. The Australia, one of tho new boats constructed for the Pacific Mail Com pany, left London on tho 20th of January, and may be looked for about tho 7th instant. Argus. . Severe Saljjtk.-A short time ago, writes a correspondent iu Brazil, a roost ridiculous affair happened at Rio de Janeiro. An jco ship from Bostou entered the (jay, coii|[|)at)du<i by a Cap tain Green, in the Soijth ^nierioun trade. I?ort Santa Cruz, not recognizing his house flag, hailed him and ordered hiiui to '. heave to." But the worthy skipper didn't speak Portuguese, and the simple statement of the name of his vessel, which he hurled at' the fort, was not at all satisfactory; so a blank Bhot was fired as a mild suggestion for him to stop. But he called for his revolver, and, pointing it skyward, fired six successive shots. Then a solid shot from the fort skipped across his bow, and then another, better aimed, passed through his foresail. The fort and two shore batteries opened fire upon him, and. sever,ll of his light spars were cut away. But he held on his course rejoicing, loading and firing his re rolrer. Finally he reached quarantine, and camo to anchor jujt as his flying'jibboom went by the board. He was then so near the other shipping that they dared fire on him no longer, and the police boat, the custom-house boat, and the health-boat all boarded him, together with the captain of the port, who, with more vigdr than politeness, wanted to know, " Why the deuce didu't you, heave to?'1 " Heave to!" ejaculated the astounded skipper, ." Was that what you wanted? Good Heaven, I thought you was salutiu' the American flag!" " Diablc!" ( shouted the officers in chorus, and they set the. case down as additional evidc.ice,of the lunacy: which they regarded as a necessary ingiedient in the 4»Jori«au ciKWtPFj ? ; 