THE PUBLIC ESTATE. A VERY great deal has been written, and a very gi eat deal more retrains to be written, upon the important subject of the alienation of Crown lands, but it is questionable whether, after all the writing, talking, and legislating that the Land Question has received, it is likely ever to be disposed of in a manner best suited to the interests of a young country. This reflection has been evoked in con sequence of the perusal of au article in a Melbourne contemporary of Saturday last, whichj in dealing with the operation of the present and preceding land acts, endeavours to arrive at the conclusion that the only legitimate method for disposing of the Crown lands of this colony is to pass them away under the hammer of the auctioneer. Considerable capital lias of late been made of a case—held up, of course, as a sample one of thousands of others—in which, a man named I)OUSCKEA sold his selection at some £3 per acre, and with the purchase money in his pocket removed to !New South Wales, with the object of repeating the speculation in that colony on a larger scale, ifow, no consistent friend of land reform can, for oae moment, deny that, in connection with the systems of free selection pursued under the several Acts brought into existence since 1861, there have been, and still are, many successful attempts at evasion of the law, both by dummyisin of land owners and capitalists and. speculative selection by seemingly bona fide men, whose real object, however, has been and is to make a good round sum by selliDg to the squatter at as high a figure as possible. During the past few years selection in large areas has been going on in the northern portions of the colony at a surprising rate, and it is not too much to say that either in the North-East, at the Terricks, or ou the Wimiiera, every individual who was in a position to take up land and comply with the law has done so, and it is, to a very great extent, perfectly true that the population for the occupation of the new country has been drawn from other portions of the colony, where small holdings have been sold out and passed into the hands of the owners of neighbouriug estates. We are reminded that selection under the 19th section of the" present Land Act has increased j from 320,719 acres in 1870 to 1,809,668 I acres in 1874, those being the actual areas taken up by selection in each , year. It is urged that the great bulk , of those large amounts have passed, or • are passing, away into the hands of large holders by the action of the , selectors themselves, who are only too glad to obtain large figures for their holdings and go elsewhere, and that, out of a total patrimony of 38,446,000 acres of available land with which the j colony Btarted in life, no less than j 20,465,000 have been alienated, leav- j ing only, for future requirements, 12,981,000 acres, which, it is contended, should be dealt with in a very cautious manner. Upon that particular point •we are quite in accord with our con- | temporary, and, in admitting that very I 1 great care indeed should be exercised in the future alienation of tho State I lands, we are, at the same time, free to | confess that occupation by selection has not been the unmixed good that was anticipated by its promoters. The truth aopears to be, however, in a sort of middle course. The land Bystems of the past ten years have not been exactly all the successes they promised to be, but neither have thev produced the disastrous effects as represented by our contemporary. A very great deal of dummyism, a large amount of speculation, and no inconsiderable amount of misdirected enterprise has been evinced in connection with the whole of the land systems since 1860, but, at the same time ; a very grtat number of industrious people have been permanently settled on the land and comfortable homes secured to desirable occupants who could never have secured an inch of ground if it were to be -competed for in the auction room. Whilst, then; there certainly has been some failure, there has beeu a large amount of good accrued from the operation of selection, but it cannot be denied that, throughout the whole period, capita] has worked its way aud contributed in iio small degree to the building up of large properties at the expense of the principle of occupation by selection. The great difficulty, however, is to discover what is the best course to pursue for the future. Those opposed to selection advocate, as a natural consequence, the adoption of sale by auction only, and argue that the State ought to obtaia the full price of the land as now received by the selling selectors instead of parting with it at less than its actual value, and say they—"If DOUSCHKA can ob- " tain £3 5s. per acre so can the 1 1 State." Now, that is just where the fallacy exists and the difficulty lies. BotrscHEA, perhaps, can get his £3 or £4< per acre for his selection, but at auction the State can never travel beyond the regular 20s., unless, indeed^ the upset is fixed at -a higher rate. The auction system has been as great, if not a greater swindle than selection, and, whilst land 4ms often cost the purchaser £2 - and rperHaps £8 per aero, the-State never ^y any chance' has received more < than -itB poind The experience bfjKd^iBtHct has-been; that .small menfwgVe so-disfcouraged by the unsurmoimtable opposition of the pastoral tenants- of the Crown whose -runs might-be -'offered for auction that they gave up all attemptf to purchase ft om the State under the h immer, and the auction rooms were, ^consequently; left to the run-holder, who, whenever MB means permitted, got so many hundred or thousand- acres put up for sale, and met with no opposition at the auction except from the land shark, whose little share in the transaction, of course, brought no extra profit to the State. So far as the public estate is concerned, the nale-of country lands by public auction means, as it has meant in the past, the passing of them in to capitalists or run holders at the upset price; the true value is never guaged, simply because of the conspiracy on the part of those interested to keep opposition, of whatever kind, out of the auction room. If selection has its failings so has sale by auction, and we have no hesitation in saying that as great if not-greater frauds have been perpetrated under the latter as under the former, with the further disadvantage that under auction a poor or even a moderately well-to-do man would not have the ghost of a •chance of obtaining a piece of ground. To our mind, the only remedy is nonalienation—stop the sale of land altogether, whether by selection or auction, preserve the remnant of the public estate and lease it to the best advantage. 