POtfft A , FORSAKEN GARDEN in a coign oftfrb cliff between ioWtand and highland, - Tit the sea-down's edge between windward uud i«e. Wailed,. round, with rooks as an inland island The ghoBt of a garden fronts the sea. 1: «rdl6 oi Drnsnwoou ana xporn mewses - stoop squkreeiopie of theblossomlesn bed there the wfeedithat grew green from the graves of its roses . Now lie dead. The fields fall sonthward, abrupt and broken, To the low last edge of the long lone land. If a step should sound, or a word be spoken, WouM a ghost not rise at the strange guest's hand? go long have the grey bare walks lain guestless, Through branches ani briars if a man nske way, We shall find no life, but the sea-wind's restless - Night and day. The dense hard passage is blind and stifled That crawls by a track hone torn to Climb - r " fo the straight waste place that the yeats have rifled Of ill hat the thorns that are tonehed not of Ht»ox The thorns he spares when the rose is taken ; ' The rocks are left when he wastes the plain. The wind that wanders, the weeds Wind- shakeu These remain. Not a flower to be prest of the foot that falls not ; As the heart of a dead man the seed-plots are dry - From the thicket of thorns whence the nightingale calls not, Gonld she call, there were never a rose to reply. Over the meadows that blossom and wither Sings bnt the note of a sea- bird's song ; Only the sun and the rain come hither All year long. The son fatas sere, rind the rain dishetele, - One gaunt, bleak blossom of scentless breath. Only the wind here hovers and revels la a round where life seems barren as death. Here there was laughing of old, there was weeping, Haply, of lovers none ever will know, WhoBe eyes went seaward a hundred sleeping Tears ago. Heart handfast in heart as they stood, " Look thither." Did he whisper? "Look forth fromthe flowers to the sea : For the foam-flowers endofe when the rose-blossoms wither, And men that love lightly may die— bnt we ?" And the same wind sang and the same waves whitrined, And ere ever the garden's last petals were shed, In the lips that had whispered, the eyes that had lightened, Love was dead. Or they loved their life through, and then went thither, . And were one to the end — but what end who knows ? Love deep as the sea as a rose most wither, As the rose-red sea-weed that mocks the rose. Shall the dead take thought for the dead to love them ? What love was ever as deep as a grave ? They are loveless now as the grass above them, Or the wave. All are at ofie now, roses and lovers, ..Not knoWn to the cliff, and this fields, and the sea. Not a breath of the time that been hovers In the air now soft with a summer to be. Not a breath shall there sweeten the seasons hereafter Of the flowers or the lovers that l&ugh; now or weep, When as they that are free now of weeping and laughter We shall sleep. Here death may deal not again forever ; Here change may oome not till all change end. From the graves they have made they shall rise up nerer, _Who have left nonght living to ravage and rend. Earth, stones, and thorns of the wild ground growing, . While the sun and the rain live, these «b«n be ; Till a last wind's breath upon all these blowing Roll the sea. Ml ike slow sea rise and the sheer rfiff crumble, Till terrace and meadow the deep gulfs drink, Till the strength of the waves of the high tides humble The fields that lesseuj the rocks that wlwmir, Here now in his triumph where all things falter, Stretched out on the spoils that own hand spread, As a god self-slain on hi« own strange altar. ill. 1. — mm J3 — — - J1 AhUI UV9 Ut»U« -"London Athemeum." A. C. SWINBURNE. 