o- ,'v*i.w»rn iBUZZiiBDZZ.i'11'1^'!1' .v.'i.v«-|fi.iHK|iiIBx JPtK'l' I ''' '' ' t.s'K'J.W . Ill' TJI'll I D'JVIHH' -I'II :fl M ?! I ' v , (Continued from our issue June' 21th;) ' * The company built a large woodenflume ' upon tresslo work properly stayed, corn ' mencingsufficiontlyfarenoughupthoRivor Mersey to give them, by the time they irrived at Latrbbe, a considerable head of jcater, and power enough to drive all tho ?machinery they are likely to orect for the ' ext ten years. , It is. .wpndertul tno impetus given1 to settlements in'thb'locality, owing to. the completion of the railway' to Delpraino ..and the, alteration, in the land, laws. 'Many'persons at'traoted bythe ''Industry ' 8ettle,ment'r:from,jpther countries, have 'iettledjhere'lcr various reasons,, and quite ~\a little i town!has sprung uj-, at Kentish Jbury, where 'ibranch line runs off. From ^the facilities given , for carriage, potatoe growing, has revived in this settlement, .and is, conducted in, quite a .different 'style to that of some 15 years ago, when they .were , heaped up in paddocks at the I'shipping^places, . sometimes for months ex ' posed to, the ; wjn'd,, rain, and sun,, until .they became quite green and, waxy, and 'not at all fit for human' food. Just fancy .a tender .bulb like the potatoe undergoing ['this treatment, and then thrown into, a ship's hold to be trampled by the; sailors, . , shovelled ? and : knocked about .at, Mel ? ;, bourne in,-. sacks,. bruised and, abused ,-,Jn, every conceiveable manner, ,and then [ to expect connoisseurs like the Victorians to pay a price for them that would pay 'the grower for his labor. ,..,,, 1. ,i. : .'A Canadian who bought a farm at Ken ?tishbury .'. in 1879, introduced a, new .system that. his neighbors i were. not. long : imitatine. He brought from America some new kinds of potatoes, early and late. They ' are like balls of flour when cooked,, are well suited to, this' climate and: soil, andfpro duce from ten to twelve tons per aore. He^takes the greatest care of them, indeed as much so as if they: were apples. They are taken up in fine weather, and are gathered,, in cases of; lOOIbs each in the field, Only those free from, blemish and of the, right size are put into, the, cases. They are taken from: the field and at i once placed in, a dark More until they are shipped; in this way they, arrive at market in per fect order, where they , meet , with a pro fitable and ready sale. ! One. ton of, these potatoes :is worth for the ?, table more . than three tons produced in the old style. . I might, mention here that the. old. sys- tem of the settlers shipping to 'the Mel bourne agents. -their ^produce for salo has also ceased tobp— an. avenging Nemesis brought about: by tho. ; agents on; them- selves. They, of course, always returned' ' prompt account sales'?, (save the mark) with the highest ,':' possible'.' market price, which turned out in many cases, after months of anxious , wailing, that the . receipts. were not ouly.nil,' but ithey were ' often brought intodebt. . Many^ofi, these agents have, with their five, per cent., built themselves palatial residences and live, like princes, and are now jolly good fellows. ; , ? .?:- ?,?(! ?; ,!.,.; ?,; ;,. -.' .' ;..-V ? : ? The merchants now buy ;at the port of r.'-shipment, or at the farm, the r produce of ?vthe settler, for cash down. ? i The settler r is thus in a position to ;invest his money \-- in stock or improvements to advantage, ?f and the merchant can ship to his house at ^Melbourne, or to his trusty agents, whose « interest it is from the extent of the trans :? actions to be prompt with account sales,, .'.andrup to time with remittances. Torquay has become quite, a fish curing port, where large quantities of fish are \- cured and dried for the Celestial popula tion of the colonies. Twice, a week these, $ fisheries, send by the 'steamers. ';fish ?alive7' toithe- Melbourne market. - ,,. ,.. By-the-by I forgot to mention a fishing ?^expedition, we witnessed on. the passage ; -out. ':. In latitude, I forget now, as I; did, not put it down. .It was just after :suh rise that thecaptain oalled out for us to ? cbme.onr deck,, if we wanted i to; see ^ -one of:,i the . new American1 .whale; -steamboats, with a' school' of whales,, in tow, and there, sure enough, was the. ^?steamer Mesmeric on our.weather'quarter bowling along at a tremendous speed, and ? from what I could make out there were ^twenty six, but the captain said there were thirty whales of various sizes alongside and in her, wake, all gambolling .and:, spouting. They seemed quite at home ; 'in .their new mesmeric state. Who would v-ever. have thought a few years.ago that ?electric-mesmerism would ever be utilised in. this manner P After the first fish is got tinder the influence, it is all easy sailing,' ^ as.-he mesmerises every whale that comes \- within a certain distance of him, and each ? one? thus mesmerised 'seems to have; the same power over all others they come ' in ? -contact:' with. '? I hear that the nations .-?are : about to : put a stop to this- style' 'Offishinj^as, by the wholesale system, the ' seas would soon become exhausted. ; ' ;I had not time to call at the Don, but 'I send you a paper with a long letter, in it from the Don ' own correspondent,' in ? which he pourtrays in gushing language the wonders of that place. . The old firm tflourisfo. still. They are now reaping large -profits by the manufateture of ''cirtts, since the Australians have taken \tn boil down their immense surplus -stocks of caltle anil sheep. Although they work night and day they cannot keep pace with their orders. There was a tea meeting and bazaar at the Forth ? as I passed along. I was be hind time, or I should have spent a day, where I was certain to have met many old friends. They make good tea ? there. ? 'At the Leven I did not see much to put down on the credit side of the ledger of progress. The timber within a.consider* able distance has all been exhausted, and the old slab road that was so injudi ciously constructed some 16 years ago lhas mostly returned to its mother earth. ?It'was used as long as ever a team could ?go upon it without repairs, and at this stage the settlers were quite unable to renew it. To repair it was a hopelpss task, and tho Government dare not build it again, even Mapompensatory work. If it had been a tramroad it would have kept itself In repair.' 'The rent of the road Would) have done, this, and -the pro duce of the settler could have boon con: veyed cheaper , than he could do. it, with his own' teams upon the slab' road. Be sides his teams would bo more profitably employed in clearing his land and 'pre paring it for crop, or in hauling 'out tim ber to the edge of the- tramroadJ ''If a rail id a tramroad gives Way it must be replaced at once, so that this kind of road would ' have to be ' kept always in repair by thoao interested, and the coat of the rail or sleeper put ?' in' occasionally would never be -felt. -,'? ' ' '?'-' ; ' ' ' '?' Many of the small farms' in the back have returned to a state of nature again, their owners having gone to the Kentish or to the new IndustrySettlements, where the '?? facilities are -good for getting ' the produce to a market. \' . ',.' ; I did not stop at the; Penguin, but will spend a day there on my retjirh'.' The township is much' the same asbf yorejl did hot'ⅇ any penguins there.1' '? j '?'-'. ? \ I notice that the River ^Blyth'.h'ad not changed in appearance, neither, hrfd that immense mountain of splendid iron ore in its vjcinity.. It has beeti' there now :a. great many years. ? ? ?'?''? ' ? '??' '.'','' . :.' , '- ? Emu Bay is now quite a little town,; with Town Halland public offices. Water' is laid, on to all the houses from 'a fine' stream1 'which :' comes ?down, 'from thehill behind the town. .'A snug'little harbor for boats and lighters formed' by a: stone jetty run out into .the bay, opposite the English church. The water hero is shoal.' and the expense has been only trifling in comparison to thogreat benefit that is derived from it. In fine weather the steamers come alongside to take in and discharge cargo. There are also two tin smelting works continually at work here. One' i belongs tb: . the Van Die men's Land Company, and is kept constantly at work smelting the ore from their own mines. : The other is the pro perty of a, Ballarat firm, who have four furnaces in full blast/; the extent of busi ness done here now is something consider able. A branch of the Union Bank opened here some .nine years ago, and it has been a great; convenience to this thriving com: munity, as well as very profitable to the bank. The wooden tramroad laid down about eight years ago, has been replaced with a light steel railway of three feet gauge, after the Fairley system. There are, two trains on this line, but they, are not able, to keep pace with the traffic. ; I may. tell you that the .rails were manu factured at the, . British ; and .Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company's works at Port Lempriere, on the Tarnar.; These works now are fully employed in ; the manufac ture of steel rails for;the,, Australian 'colo- nies and India, where a vast quantity of our timber is sent, for. sleepers. , These are cut from maturely-grown stringy bark, which is felled in the winter months and undergoes a curing process, whioh makes it very durable. The sleepers are stacked in a largo iron room' on their ends, so, that the ? poros of the timber are vertical.. Steam is gradually put on at first, then increased until . it is super heated, whioh thoroughly drives out the' sap through the top end. of the .wood. The sleepers having been stacked on, their; ends in a, sort of rack upon long trucks placed upon rails, at the end of each truck is a sliding, door, out of which: the, sleepers are drawn.and while they, are still hot they ; are ' thrown into an immense tank of boiling coal tar. They, are left in this until tho tar has become sufficiently cool:to: allow of their being removed and stacked up on a sloping platform to drain. This process thoroughly impregnates,, the ; timber with the tar as the; former cools; You must not think-that, lam digress ing from, my subjeot r of Emu Bay, for I must tell .you ? that one of these sleeper factories, is situated at Emu Bay,, and. the tar -is; procured from; coke works in con nection with the. tin Bmelting,. establish-; ments. „ ,. ?:'''??'? The Van Diemen's Land Company have taken pattern' from-the Government, and have^ established an ' industry ? settle^ ment' on their land near the railway at Hampshire Hills Plains, whioh; has be come a great success, and all this adds to the business' and importance of Emu Hay. I could say a #reat deal more of this place and of its enterprising people, but time and space presses, sol must hasten on. There are no emus there now.- : ' ?I now approach the River Cam and Table Capei 'Industry Settlement,' established under the Acts of Purliamont, 1876, and of which I made mention in the first portion- of this letter. I have been here about a fortnight', and have not been idle, I can assure- you. It has been a fortnight most pleasantly spent. This 'settlement' has been very judiciously selected by the Government. It is a fine blookj or rather two blocks, of very good agricultural land, lying between the' Cam and Inglis rivers. 'The blocks are, so to speak, divided by Stinking Creek, until they join at Henrietta Plain. A wooden1 tramroad runs from the shipping place at the River Cam, S.S.W , up the valley of that river to Henrietta Plain,' a distanceof thirteen miles. ? (The ' Ghost of the Cam Tramway1' is now laid. May he rest in peace. This work, for whioh he haunted the Governments of former ? years, is ?, now a fact accomplished. Poon Ghost, he was before his time j I knew- him iwelh) Here it forms a junction withaimaoadamised road from Table Cape, whioh the old world (Caffirs) insisted on'having instead of a tramway. A tramway continues from this junction on to the tin mines of Mount: Bischoff and Eamsay. The de velopment of these mines within the last ten years ? is something wonderful, and may be attributed mostly to the facilities given by this line and that of . the Van Diemen's Land Company's line. There are over five thousand Chinamen and five hundred Europeans at work on the Hellyer and its tributaries, and at the head of the Pieman Kiver, all of whom are doing well. 'Elliott's diggings, in the vicinity of tho ' Industry Settle ;i ci/..-. s :f i.-i/:' .-in-;!.;;.-/-.'!' .v.i.! -jii'j1' ineqt,' ,. are,/ good, ; : P°?r ? ,meCl ? ? diggings, wherp many pf.tbe setflers, go when ^ork is slack on their farms..; The, quartz; reef, wliibh Elliott's party, .searohe'd for'sqllong .(n thel, Valley of .Quartz, .has-, been dis covered, and there are two crushing mil'3 at work: doing well. Several rich claims are held by tho settlers, . who, have, let them on tribute to some- Ballarat miners. A bed of fine slate discoverpd' by, Mr Elliott, in 1876, and- within one and. a half miles of the tramroad, is being; opened out, and promises well. .The slate lies horizontally, and ? has a fine cleavage. Slabs of any size may be taken out with out difficulty. The people of the 'Indus- try Settlement'1 are , mostly. English, .Australians,; and Americans, from Cali fornia, with a few families of Norwegians. They, seem all prosperous, very contented, and quite alive to the many natural resources around them. Their clearings are small yet, but they are p ut to the best advant age,', and having a local market for all they ', produce at . a . remunerative . price, they cannot help doing well. ; They grow principally, oats, hay, peas,, potatoes,' vegetables, and fruit. , They send to the mines evory, morning large consignments of , fresh milk, butter, , eggs, cheese,' fresh pork,- and fowls. They leave the beef and mutton to those who havo larger ways of producing it. The eight wheeled' trucks that come down' from the Mount, loaded with tin and tin ore, never' go back empty.' ' As sooti as' their crops are in tbo ground ,and the bush . dry, they employ their horse teams in bringing from the bush pine, black wood, and beech logs,1 for which ? they get a ready sale from parties who have saw mills on the line ; who in their, turn, supply, the mines, the settlement, and a foreign market, .with timber. An immense business is done in beech logs, which are got out in suitable lengths and straight in the grain, ., for staves, They are sawn at the mills, and hundreds, of thousands are shipped to the colonies fcr making- .tallow, ,beef,/ winei butter; and treacle casks, and for1 many other purposes for which this, .timber, is most admirably, suited. ., ; v,;i. ,.,'i r, J, Twocompanies of the Americans and Norwegians build each a vessel;, at the. Cam every winter, r ,the . , tramroad , giving them such- 'facilities for, getting , their material to, the ;.; ship-yard, ,,, where ,;they have large open sheds built high,: so that all the work is under coyer; /Npthingislpst, or wasted in this 'Industry.Settlement ;' .; every crooked piece of timber is turned to account.as a knee or timber spar for mast, or bo.om.keel, kelson, planking, &o.;, Sca.f All is '? fish in : their net,, and. ; all . , is , .turned; into money. Every portion of the vessels built here are of this settloment timber. Some others of the settlors go in fpr.boat building at home during the winter under their boat shads, and thus provide work for'the wet weather. '? ;'? The pine: here \i\ veryhardand close.dbes'hot shrink, ,an'd' is very tough and strong. . It. is.partic.u-' larly,/ suited for shipbuilding purposes. ThP ; boats are', sent' dowujto f the ' poftVptf the^'tram 'w.agohs.'. vl ^ ''j ..'V.',''1,''/!.' .'?'?. !'''r| {To.be' continued.) ifi: ^-\':.\ :,';;'..? \- [la' the''' previous'1 communication fromi '?^ly'rthe1 Ministry' 'of -Tasmania!' wererepresentdd as; havingpnly £100 per an:num'.: It should have been £700 'each.— -; Ed. C.C.I ?.,';?. .,,;;? ,.-';f :-!'^':';':!: 