THE PUBLIC SCHOOL AT CAMPBELL; 1 . TOWN. "Will you never he' done whetting your knife." (Old Scroggius's ghost to the shoemaker doing it on his tombstone.) to the editor of the mercury. sing-song with us yet this once. 'A word on your foot-note to ours of 17th. Either you infants die stand or I did not dearly explain this matter, but " were I twice as tedious, such is the love I bear you, I can find it in my heart to bestow it all on your worship." I need not again go into the how or why the public school was shut up here by the Board, merely stating that after it had been for twelve months, the warden drew the attention of the Government to the fact that there was none, and the great in justice the poor children suffered thereby. Again, after it had been shut up for eighteen months. So by this " beating of the dog (i.e. the Government they began to bite the pig (the Board of Education) and it began to make motions to go over the bridge," and they said, like the young Lochinvar " We are come now again with this lost love of ours, To give you good measure to the best of our powers." Now, as one of the wardens well put it-The members of the Board are supposed to be appointed for their tact in dealing with an easily inflammable question." There were no premises available except the school attached to St. Luke's Church, Now, they knew, or ought to have known, that the wardens could not consent to put a Romanist teacher therein, and had no option but to refuse and for this one of the members had the bad taste to attempt to brand them as " bigoted and intolerant' ' H the Board acted knowingly, So much the worse ; if not, they are not fit for the positions they occupy, as they ought to have known they must sit on either horn of the dilemma. I merely supposed, if under the same circum stances, the Board had attempted to thrust a Protestant teacher in a Roman Catholic building, what a howl we should have heard and must differ with you, and let others judge that my reasoning by analogy will hold." Yours, J.W. 