SELECT' POETRY. ' ?i i * . , THE CENTENNIA-L MEDITATION OF COLUMBIA. The hvmn for tho oponing ccromor.ios of tho Centennial EKhibition at Philadelphia, waa furnished by John G. Whittior, tho Quaker Poot, and the cantata by Siduoy LaniCr. Mr. Laniorisa native of Georgia, who, after fighting in tho ' Southorn ranks as a youth, has devoted Iiinisolf to literature. His cantata represents the past and prosont of tho Country, tho powers which, opposed, themselves to sottlomcnt, growth, and independence, and the blended domont3 which. i'.j gayo buccobs, closing wnn rejoicing, an angouc l:j toko o£ promise, and a welcome to tho world, li ' r I ' From this hundred-terraced hight I] Sight more large with nobler light; IB Ranges down yon toworinp years : lil ??? Humbler smiles nnd lordlior tears |;f ' . . Shine and (all, shine and fall, lit . White old voices rlso and c»U I ': j Yonder where tho to-and-fro , K! Volterinff of my Long-Ago ? I . 1IOT03 about the moveless baia . ' |;i , Far bolow my resting-place, I' ? ' n. I ., Mayflower, Mayflower, slowly hither flying, I.. '??' Trembling Westward o'er yon balking son, I ; Hearts within Farewell dear England sighing I Winds without But dear in vain roplyinpr, I . Qroy-ltnp'd waves about thco shouted, crying r Ml It shall not be I I in. I; Jamestown, out of thee— It ' Plymouth, tlico— thee, Alb»ny — |i; Winter cries. Ye freeze : away! If- Fever cries, re burn : away ! i(- Hunger erics, Ye starve : away! If) . Vcngonco crlos, Your gra ve shall slay t I ? IV. |- Then old Shapes and Masks of Tilings, ? , j-Tamoa iiko * onus or ciouica inte iy.ii if«— I ' Ghosts of Goods onco fleshed and fair, I . Grown foul Bads in niton air — ?'? War, and liis most iioisy lords, I Tonguod with lithe and poisoned sword3— ? I Error, Torror, Rage, and Orime, I ': . All ill a windy night of time I, Cried to me from land and sea, I :; Ko ! Thou shalt not be I I ' Hark ! I Huguenot* whiaperlnir yea in the dark, I; ? ? Puritans answering yea in Hie dark ! I Yea, like an arrow shot true to his mark, I Darts through the tyrannous heart of Denial, I ' Patience and Labor ftnd Bolcmu-souled Trial, I ^ ' Foiled, still beginning, I * Soiled, but not sinning, ? Toil through tho stertorous death of the Night, I Toil, when wild brother-wara new-dark the Light, I Toil, and forgivo, and kiss o'er, and replight. I . VI. I ' ? Now Praise to God'n oft-granted grace, I Now Praise to Man's undaunted face, I ' Despite the land, despito the sea, I I was : I am : and I Khali bo — Sing me Irom Heaven a man's own song ! VII. ?? Long as thine Art shall love true love, . ' Louj; as thy Science truth snnll know, Lonjr as thine Eagle harms no Dove, Long as thy Law by law shall grow, Lonicr as thy God is God above, Tliy brothor every mnn below. So long, dear Land of all my love, Thy name shall shine, thy fame shall glow !' VIII. © Music, from this hight of time my Word unfuld : la thy large signals all men's hearts Man's Heart behold : ilidlioavcu unroll thy chords as friendly flajs un . furled, And wave the world's best lover's welcome tj the world. SlDNET LAHIKR. 