The crime o! procuring abortion is not a nice theme to handle In a newspaper; nevertheless it is necessary just now. In the public interests, to set aside all pnDctiliouB- ness, and to say a few words upon the enbject. There seems to be a well-fonnded belief that this offence is becoming common in the colony, bnt more particol&riy; in Mel bourne—as huge a sink of sin and iDiqmJy," in proportion to the number of its inhabitants, as the world perhaps contains. - The mora code is habitually violated there by a Iaige number of both sexes; and the aspect of its streets at night, the excessive number of honseswhich are devoted to everything that is vile pndMmous, and the proceedings of" its Divorce Conrt, aiemore thau safficient-to justify (everything that is thought ana ex pressed with regard to the immoral condi tion of the Victorian, metropolis/. Sad in- deed it is to find a city so ext&iorly; fair so rotten within, and all that tends to en- noble the human, mind, and to spin-, tualise humanity, trampled under foot for the gratification of one base passion. But no - person can yisit Melbourne without seeing with his own eyes the frightful ex- ; tent to Winch licentiousness is openly carried on within its boundaries ; and it only' needs a few minutes' conversation with any intelligent Melbourne detective to learn that what js .apparent -to -the -eye is only, a small portion of. the wicked ness of the same sort whichiies concealed from,c,the general observation. It is as Ihoaghithe worst phases of the human dis position were reproduced in -oar ownriy,4K>d men anS women regarded , the great object of life to consist in brutalising themselves, and degrading, human nature beyond all hope of morel improvnuent or spiritnal redemption. No effort of the Legislature, no arbitrary system of government, can reach such a. pestiferous and filthy disease as this; The cure must come 'from the people them- selves ;? and it will be a promising day for the Victorian race vf hen he first symptoms of thorough reformation shall present themselves, in . tins particular . direction.. Bnt society can nt least deal with thoee offences!, the perpetration of which tends to -atrip licentiousness of what is re garded by the vicious as the most regret- tobtecob wqnence ; and it is maidfeBtiy the duty of jthe Government, which- represents -society breach mattere, to pat " ftwth nil thHr beet off-orte to achieve this object. Jo the front rank' of these offences stands YiffAnhhierous crimff — a crime .wlmh Aocording to ite. Prevalence, or toe reverse, has in all ages Btate.;)>f jpeed; dviyiitip Vr, ipidly deteriorating towards a condition of pSfal barbarism'dNowi-ia ftibbiftavint has proted thai ihyptrirnngi a common practice amOhgt a cmaSi &ss; in Melbcmw- ;The '.death of toe -giri. FieBECE 'Derby has -thrown piuch light, -upon this subject, and that death should not tbe peanitted to JlM£lhorougli inriestigationahd eknmpte- faAeCWen made.,,- Jt is .stiflpd in Alie Mel bourne papaa 'thai the "authoritiesj possees ja document signed by oneapf efte witnessas at the inquestdieldiupah toe re- matoofttebg thAtobottion js hHfeypr?i»aA tpaatabpiiB. AtodA- TouLf toe;jdiMijpti coroner, has «x-; preesBd a--eimilar conviction as to toe pre- Crime. nwaaniMita to be correct, as they, no doubt ara,-ti>ej Government havaaO'ntCSn doty. IMefipaaa'bhb jgnoretq tow own everlasting disgrace and '<%ijtoA That duty is to emplgy fll the ipoFQtoiStlHr#MKtpi«P mittal of this outrage. To many, it is the consequence, not the deed which appals ; and it cai@|>e easily understood that the more facitewe removal of th.e.coaseqoent® is made, timf'iOpmlnoh vDbrigk offence amtmgst atiberiajn da«g beco|». sailing every case of the sort that is om- maPg, resort' ' to tiiis Mamons practice to ham iSn ' bqbSIIJ ha tiftrinSbod.- imd toe narrative goes so far as to state that toe dead body of an infant baa been found on the premises of this woman. But the police will speedily overtake her, if authorised, and no doubt ere this steps have; been taken to attain tins end. -The Government in short most sift the case of Florence Derby to toe veiy bottom, and tons frighten all procurers of abortion out of an occupation which frightfully en courages vice, and tends to ining toe com munity downto -tile'lowest stages of social jnfpmy and animal degradation. IF: it be an evil thing for any. country to have :one law for the rich.apd another for the poor, it is no less so to have laws winch, to -borrow the simile used by an ancient phiosopher, are like spiders' webs, which catch only toe small flies, but let toe big flies brepk thrcmgh/tbeiq-- Thpre can bs:no denying-toaVfor a cdMiSerable time ib'ite etcrly hiatoiy, toe fiscal laws of this country were very much of the latter character. The bare idea of apportioning taxation ac cording to the individual capacity to bear it was scouted by our lawmakers as flat socialism, rank communism, if not open robbery and spoliation. " Do you think we shall tax ourselves ?" was the artless ques- ment bill was under consideration ; and toe spirit of that qnestion still survives, and is active in certain classes of this community, although it is not now put in such plain and direct tennB. The ancienVBomans knew the evil we are speaking of, to their cost, and they gave it.the expressive name of ".latifnndia?" by which term was meant the aggregation of largeestatee.by Sjfew monopolists, who gave back ho retorn of -benefit to the State.-for; toe rtealth jtoeiy1 enjoyed. , Ik was apro verb junopgst ; the grand; old citizens" of Cato's time that, latifundia had destroyed toe Bepublid"' AndAe remark holds good in all ages and inraH countries. For these reasons every zssa.'SM.s evil, monopoly, is to be welcomed as another guarantee of the security and well- being of the State. Such a measure — although perhaps this was not toe intention tit its framers — tiiis country , to somp extent, possesses in the Frobate - and SdeoeBsion" Daly Act. To gain revenue was no doubt toe main design in placing tost act on the Statute Book ; bnt it is also, found to be an excellent check on monopoly. A case arising out of it was heard the other day in the Supreme Court, in which an appeal was made to the. foil court in banco against a ruling of Mr Justice Moleswobth. The' estate of a deceased wealthy landowner was being passed through the office of probate, and duly on it at toe rate of 5 percent was tendered by the trustees. Now, this amount was strictly legal under the original law, but within a month of the testatorls death an amended law, nosing the duty to 10 per cent,: came into , operation. The qnestion- was, should doty be paid at the higher or at the lower rate ? Mr Justice Moleswobtk ruled for the lower amount, bnt the full court has set that ruling aside,- , and decreed that the higher duty shall be paid. A round sum of £15,000 thus fails into the Treasury at once. Bnt this hand, some benefit is a /..trifle compaied'wjth'toej moral effect of their Honors' ruling. That relKng tends to show that wealth enjoys no prescriptive privileges in this conntry. The man who dies worth-, his scores .or — hundreds of thousands must be queath a handsome legacy to the State as well as to his heirs. Ten per cent- on all reaha&ble; bereditaiy -piprty abo ve A , high - jnimjunm Is' a very fair ' portion For the" public Treasury to claim. It is snch an , amount as exacts from large fortunes some thing like an adequate return for. the privi lege' granted (by implication) to accumulate the same. Above all, the law asserts the supreme right of the -State, checks monopoly, and pats a barrier to the growth of "latifondia." For these reasons, both the existence of the law -and Its interpretation by the judges are matter for congratulation to-all who sincerely desire the prosperity of this country.. . cIf,;.! The tide, which hue up to the last few days run so long and ao persistently in favor of.tbe. defen dants -In the great Egerton mining auit,: aee'ma at length to have taken a turn in a contrary direction, bwo judgments of the Full Court— certainly upon -comparatively minor points—baring- hqeu -pro nounced against tEem. The fiiit of tbesc" pmnta rdated to the taking of qsrtain eridqKe before Hu Honor Mr Justice MtdmSni Hi, 4wi« hS referred ,to the impounding of the money, the prbdnce -of the mine. Die primary judge li«"t ordered that money to be rtieared after tire verdict of -the jury io favor of the defendants, but the Fall Court yesterday decided that the funds so accnmu- -Utingahonld have remained in the custody of. the bank pending the ultimate dedmon of' Die milt.'' Judgment was reserved upon the sl!4mportant -question of Bailej 'e agency. Fuller particulars of yesterday's derision will be found in another part ot TSejCouritr. . . _ „ ,, „ Yf -was 'iumored about town JyestySfhat' .Messrs Anderson Brothers had engaged (seventy men to "fall" timber in the disputed portion of the State forest, and that Messrs Crowley and Jite- patrick bad employed no less than 150 men for the same purpose. This, if tree, looks very like " taking the law into their own hands"on both sides, - and should convince the department, that imme diate action is urgently needed in tins dispute. : Teittrday DrSpariiog.the district coroner, beH an ifiquest on thebody Angnste Hi ipe,ismMti that stace tbe death of wIkimm mothsr the deceased been In a Desponding statxmd giroi way to last, at eleven o'rieek, be saw bis (ath»- alive. He had left word to be called for dinner, at which time toe children tenght, bnt could not find him. -At -one o'clock witness went in seandqasd found de ceased lying on Ins bade, dead, with a piece of rotten xdotbes-line round Ids neck, thajoiher part nfrtheJSne bring tied to the limb of a small sap- Jng-dtociiy ore him. Mr Grpenning. who .was caSed by the son, corroborated : tS aboresSate- uent. Ibnoted-aanBtable Sterrat deposed that ftb found tiie deceased aadeecribed. deceased wiffieTiandh lied the two ends oT the' line. ' The constat thonght the line did not break at tbe jerk, as if it had the noose wotdd have com e undone. His ettotomwas that tbe line at once broke, and that Abe Seat of the ned jammed thajfit, tiras pre- ypnting the rope slipping. A verdict in eooordauce 'tritiiiljiese facts was returned. medtingof the CSMattan Society irashrid Mi night at the Bdinbnrgh Oastie hotd; Mr table etmtncn, as he was fa Mribomrne. He stated that he was glad to mention that, although the Hdbonrnfe sorie- did not Intend to bold sports this F»ldJi were delighted to|wfiM|«|sodety at Ballaiat wen going so would vyftoW'aU posrible ass'ntsBoe. D was resolved AOrfBdacethe membmriiip fee to Avb shillings per ygg gge txkst only to be issued to each member. tyipiTng aawtisingbri'iMt hands of the secretary, Mr Hogh Gray. Acom- Tnittee was also appointed to bring up a teport as to toeptaoiiWoriiBistiiig of Messrs J.MTvm; E, J. tiA-itiler, G. Loviti,M- L«wne,W flOch Qtjky. The; meeting: then; adjourned until "the 27tgH October, in order to allow the sports femmitjee timefto bring op their report. Die Stoe of gthe meeting throughout was very entta- The Davenport Brothers and Froffismr Fay gave a final seance at the Academy oof Muifc-sam. night, in 4he .presence of a house .wrdlAUed in all parts, with the exception of upstairs. Additional interest was leptAqtbe entertainment by the fact that Messrs' "YriliSSl Palmer had for dam pre- SpfSSSSili totHndthc brotbersfast iothe cabinet, butrignaUy fsitedJ evidently to the great delight of tiie au dience. The brothers have gone through eome hardtying of late, for their legs and arms are covered with bruises from the pressure of the ropes! Indeed, their cpnstitations are.at last giving way under these Vepeated ordeals, and they inform us that when they have ronduded their jtonr of the Australian colomes they win retire from tbe business altogether. The elder , Davenport is about thirty-seven years of age, and the younger about two years his junior. An - acrident -happened yesterday to a. miner named John Wffliamson, at the New Welcome claim. Dead Horse. It was the result of two shots which were fired by himsdf, coupled with the fact that sufficient time was not given for tbe smoke to clear away before he wenLback to the spot. The cloudy state, of the stppe prevented any person from immediately ascertaining rail the atone that was loosened or disturbed from position ; and while Williamson was preparing to knock down a piece of quartz, 'it. fell upon Mm. . Had Williamson waited bnt "a minute or, two longer, Instead of prematurely going back to see the effect of hi charges, the piece of quartz .which. YretShre d Ms jeg would have fallen of it- ridf to a, result of the shots, and he would now to free from iinry.' ',, V . . - ; the' Talbot Leader of yesterday returns anew to its attack on the locomotives mannfactnred by the Photenix Foundry Company. It will p0esibly.be information 'to' our contemporary when we stole that these engines are exactly after tbe pattern of the English -model made by, Messrs Byers, Peacock; And Co. The best disinterested expert have already pronounced them ' equal tin every respect to those made in the - mother country, and the Phceuix Foundry Company can afford to be taafidded with this assurance. , An interesting and pregnan t fact in -connection with onr School of Mines -was Mentioned at Sebas- topol last evening, during Mr Serjenntie -lecture upon "Geology and ito Briation to Mining and Manufactures, &c.; When a vote of thanks was bring .moved to tire lecturer, one gentleman, by way of Qlnstrating the value of snch scientific knowledge as was obtainable at the School of Mines, said that a pupR of that insti tute purchased of a Sebaatopol mining manager /or , .£5 a qntmtity of metol containing grid, wbirii ' the -tnsnagr did toot know how - to tze0; ibut from wMth BIr Flnae's pnpil extracted gold to the mine of £45, and of course pocketing the difference. The process of extract ing the gold coat the School of Mmes'-stndent a 'TOy small amount of trouble and about sixpenny- worth of flnr Mr Serjeant in ltoTectme also showed the savings on a much larger scale that might he effected by tiie Scbpol of Mines, if tbe jBorenhnent woqldadvshce eqfficieot or portion of Ibemoney necessary to cbmjietothefnruacea, for the-titotmcnt of pyritai, . ' Wc are requested te state that Ms Honor Judge Bogersdid not order the lad M'Cansland, sentenced the other day at. the JBallarat General Sessions to fourteen day s' imprisonment/ftc., for cattie etading, to be flpggsdtarith.-acicane.'hnt withSSid, Ss athOol- bqyejare punished. We .understand the boy will be sent to Mribonrne jho gtcmf the wMM>mfc as at ithe "«ipiiatipn «t the Arartaen days' im prisonment,' to is to be lodged Jn.the Jika Jika reformatory. ? :.- - - The thirteenth animal convocation of the St. George's Boyal Arch Chapter of Freemasons was held yesterday evening, in the Masonic Hall, Camp street, when the following offlcers were dnly elected for .the ensuing year:— Excellent companions— W. ,0. Smith, M.EA. ; Henry -Wherier, M.E.H. ; C. B. Finlayson, M.E.J. H. K. Cssdli, treasnrcr ; Bev. G. J. Bassdl, chaplain ; J. Bichards, scribe E. ; P. Alroe, scribe M.; Thomas Kennedy, first sojourner; John Brace, second sojourner ; J.Izod, third sojourner ; John -Use, janitor. The usual installation and banquet in connection with this event will be held next month. The mayor occupied tbe bench at the Town Police Conrt yesterday morning, and fined three drunkards 5s each, with the usual alternative. The young man Frederick Bull, who had several of his ribs fractured by ,sin engine-buffer striking Mm at the Western Bail way Station some three weeks back, was discharged cored from the Bal larat Hospital yesterday. The asnal fortnightly meeting of tiie Water Commission was held last night, at which Commis sioner Morrison was introdnced by Commissioner Gray as' a newly-elected member, and took bis seat At the meeting. Amongst other business transacted, it was resolved;- on -a' notice of motion brought forward by Commissioner Robertson, tbst the supply of water dor motive power should be charged for srthe rate ef '4d per 1000 gallons, the motion being subject to a report from the engineer. Messrs Corrie Johnston and Dooglasi Roseril finished their week's engagement at- St. Jphn's last night, by each delivering an earnest address ,to a congregation of .between 600 and 600 attentive heaters.; The attendance at noon, in the Alfred Hall was . larger than on any former occasion. Mr Russell leaves for Mribonrne by the midday train to-day. Mr Johnston' has made arrange ments for continuing the work daring five days next week.:'. ' The evening meetings, will he hrid in the Baptist .Church, Dawson street; and "the. midday meetings in the Assembly-room of the Alfred Hall. The lad. Henry Stevens, who was arrested some time ago for tebhinga tin in Ballarat 'Bast, was arrested again yesterday 'by the Mribonrne .police, and forward to Bsllamt, on a diage of-baving, on the 18th' instant, stolen two deposit receipts tiie Maryborough ..branch of the "Rank of Victoria T-tinp/or £10, and the other for £45— and a parse, the property of Midiari Honshu. The receipts were taken from Pontoni's boar ling-house, in Bal larat East,' where prisoner and Fonrfni stopped titot niffht. Pusnnor wilt he firnhoht (tehnvtlw Town Police Conrt this 'monfing. _' , ' f ' The members of the Queen Victoria CricketGtnb .still njiy ascretch matdi onthrirgronnd, Mount Pleasant, to-day. Sides to be chosen at half-past one o'clock. ' The following will represent the Galatea team in the football mkU9£. to-day, Griatealw YUiaraf second twenty :— Apgwin, Campbeli, Finlayson, Turner, Thomas (2), GlIer, Hoskec, Manderson, Watt, Young, B ray , A Incq, Lingham, Bidimopd, M'Donald, Hals man, Calicbti. Wallace, Catherril, , Merry, Watlnns, - Weaver, - Cnnningfaam,"Sbsrp,- Drnmmondj Widdy, Clark, and Opto. - The match arlll be played at flm .Rqjil 'Srofon r-paddorfcat- three o'clock, and the above players pre requested to attend, as this «ill,be ths finsl ipatch of Fhe MSiiight-schOOl which hubeenrecentlji opened at Stotecbori No. 83 is still progressing favor ably. The -rowdy element "which jtude itedf api-( parent at tiie opening has been'got iid ot,;an8 'tiie pupils are now settling down to teal earnest work Already there are nearly '500 names on ; tbe roll, and others ire ehronjug tbemrelrte mtiy. . ; We haye .received from MrTnEner; mmkiteQer, of Start btreet, a ww»«- And exiwtorive ballSd on- The Bqv. J. S. Wayland, of Sooth Australia, who is ZHSVpsyingsr hurried visit bi rtae pvtnoniri jdaces in VwtoriawiD prearii fatonrorew ihdfle- StiMMrq Mrihodirt43nutofBmMHM,l'rieteti' In 'he'ti'Sfiti «i.®otol»trriatthrS;' T msj; sm Hors has pffpdjfojcpmpetttinO Asgrid medal of fbe -ntarn of £12, omn topettiootami each troop . tn .tafe'crinny. Thbririqg fe'ta take place next Friday,»nd tiie friiowing hare 'heen A &se;«Srinjbo||ren vtoLdtajftthe.; Town Missicin.: HaSjitqritiitoLjndlardotreriWies sleflfPGhnreh chrir.;rThb Bev.Tbbmdi '-'Cepriaria wffiaditesteteeeting. a; nesday ne?t,«t4wriWB»k»0(k. - We rend Dd onrjnmdsre titofMir MartinUbriting' wBl foearh immm. s ,v ;a u ,u.'SU'n t-.- k PA new edafodtTlm AadtCnta -wc tbe Ap-, TUhatKm pfAeetic Arid to Acute and Chronic DbmesWtert WitiffitiritalFe1 undw'heBMManda )3fcdl0Si the Continent of Europe, in tiif! United States, and Canada. Victoria alone has between eighty and ninety ngcuts, whose names and ad- dresses are given in the book before ns, and tbej demand for tbe arid has Mtherto been greatly in adeem the supply. Accompanying the book-is a hut very useful little handbook, which can be obtained gratis at tbe agency in the Cham ber of Commerce. We understand that the Academy of Music Jus been taken by Mr ABtimi for ..Mr Twzar, of Sydney, for the productioif dramatic representations' dnring the Christ; mas season. There is a romor that a com- pany will open at the Theatre, for six months, 'plsy- lng alternately at Stawril, Sandhurst, and Castie- withont regard fo timf-msttepelitan. MrHarflw'fifmuilaliieet, hasSQgfia'pSl graph Of Mr J. K. Emmet, the -take ted copiwlian, and conies can be bbtaineat hm stndin. at the usual reasonable rates. It is worthy of remark that this is the first occasion Mr Emmet has had hit likeness taken for the last six years. The photograph is a faithful copy of this entertaining actor ana mnritian. The boy William Armstrong, who was charged with stealing a quantity of brass fittings, valne £10, the property of the New Kbh-i-Noor Com pany, about a fortnight ago, was brought before theCily bench yesterday morning, anfi sent to the Nelson training-ship for a period of three yean. Tbe Smyth ee dale Cricket Club intend to open the season to-day- by a match " pn tttir:ptmSf Play to commence at two p m. Mr M'lvor will deliver a lecture at the (Sty Halt thin afternoon, commencing at two o'clock on " Gnano and artificial manures." -The anniversary services of Ebenezer Presby terian . Church, Armstrong street, will be hrid to- morrow, when tbe Rev. Charles Strong, of Scgt's Church, Collins street, Aribbnrsie, -wfllFpr&ch; 'morning and everting, and the Rev. W. Clark in the afternoon. A farewell entertainment to the Bev. M. Dixon toook place in the Mechanics' Hall, Smytheedale, on Thursday evening, 28th instant. The atten dance was not large, bnt the Scarsdale Harmonic Society renlered some concerted music very nicely, and the Bev. 6L' Dixon gave a number of very interesting readings. Mr Wm. Wilson, of Linton, has recently com- Tbejr have been handsomely framed, and will be disposed of by art-union ; tbe drawing to take place on 18th November. Anyone wishing to encourage the development of local artistic talent would do well to invest a few shillings -in -the purchase of 3£hfts. A young man named Francis McConville, work ing as a wood-carter at Lal Lal, was chopping a log in the bush yesterday, when his axe glided off the piece of wood he was chopping, and struck him on the left foot, at the instep. He was brought into the Ballarat Hospital, where he is doing well. It is toe Intention of toe Chmcse rreeiding- in' Ballarat East -to invite their giant countryman, Cboudzkee, to a banquet, to be hrid at an early date, in the Chinese Car.„ Jhe. sBafr lrilkna doabt, be a very enrionx and inteiteUiig one, vri it wiDgi ve a very good idea of a Chinese feast. The jEdaiation DeMrtm'ent invitie' tenders rfor the erection of .a wooden braiding at' GaTtieO 'Plat'r for a teacher's boose At Cowie's Cteek;"-for em- tensions to. sdiooL932, WabdaUab y and for extras. TfiOtis to teschte'a honse sit Sute-sriiool. 1150, TrawaDa. Particnlars win be fonnd in our d- vrotirifig columns. The Chinese giant will make his bow to Ballarat visitors at 18 Bridge street, opposite'Mrdkong- stafli chemist shop, next Tuesday morning, at ten o'rieek Further particnlars will be found is nor advertising columns. V v t..„ Tbe following telegram from Geriong appeared in lat night's Herald .--Ate Waura Ponds cut- rsgSeate was farther adjourned on Friday morn ing until Monday. Tbe old man LQley is still in «' critical erudition. A fresh'at%ifo- bear made against the prisoner Bartrop, namely, com mitting artpeooMrs Hyatt, nd Toddlsriarged wift bring an accessory. This charge, was also postponed an til Monday. jus tfumnuiu uuuniuu uiv £iye j again came before the bench of the district conrt on' Thursday. Captain Frederick summoned four of the crew, named 'respectively John Flrit, "ISaac Anderson, George Walker, and James Spencer, for refusing to obey his orders on the'20te instant;- 'toe day.'nti which toe tumultuous proceedings between himself and Ms co-shareholders occurred. . The cases were dismissed, with 25s costs In each case. Tbe injuries sustained by toe R.M.S.S. Assam in running into the masonry at William stown, on her return from a trip down the Bay some weeks since, hare been reputed (says the Telegraph) and' on Thursday she was floated out of toe Alfred Graving-dock. The Assam leaves on Thursday nextfor Golle, with the outward Australian and New Zealand mails. It is said that a claim, has been made against tbe steamer for the injury -done' to the sea-wall of the dock when the accident oc curred. Mr M-Dermott (says toe Jrtpa) has ".given notice of his intention to move in toe Legislative Assembly Sat leave to bring in a hill to amend the" law relating to toe admission of at torneys to prac- tice-ifr ®e Snpretne Court. The Gedang Adoertiser understands that' strips' are being teken to cJidt an' expresrion ' of oRfoipn at a public meeting in favor of toe Eiec- toral Amendment Act being se altered as to give Geriong- throe members instead of two. A most extraordinary case of death through-- starvation occurred (says the Argus) on Thursday. A bushman named Archibald Gillies, forty years of age had been working for some time at Dia- mond Creek, and lived in a hut there with another man. Recently his mate left him for new employment, and those who lived in the locality had observed that Gillies had been missing about eight days ago. He was on Thursday found in a deplorable state of des- titution and filth, in the bush, between Diamond Creek and Queenstown. He was quite speechless and apparently insensible. The police conveyed him to Melbourne, and had him admitted to the Hospital. When his clothes were removed, his body was found in a horrible condition, literally quivering with maggots. He died in the evening without recovering consciousness. Tbe Bendigo Independent reports the following extraordinary, use of firearms ' " About seven o'clock oa' Thursday evening a little girl nataetl Annie MMahon, twrive years of age, was admitted into the Bendigo Hospital, snffering from alwonrid -on' toe forehead, which, though rather serious, is waiigKiviiB. xs appears was snoruy nerore seven o'clock she was in the back yard of the City liila, when toe discbarge of a gun or pistol wu5 heard, immediately after which she was struck on tbe forehead. Her cries attracted tire kttentmn of the jnjnates of toe hotel, -and she was assisted By ttea infide. She was bleeding profusely, and it was thought advisable to take her to toe hospital, to white place she was removed. The girl's teteP6;' most miraculous, as the missile struck' her forehead sideways, grazing the skull. Shortly after the giri ' was struck another shcit was fired, apparently from Bridge street, and it kn'ocked toe -hat oIsBb Wheelet, who was passing She hotel at the time. Subsequently, abont balf .anhpnr afterwards, another report was "heard from toe same direction, and a ballet struck a house. oppo- . -rite ftte hotel. It has not as yet been ascertained who J|red the shots, bnt tiie matter is in the hands ,qf ttepojice. " ' ' The 'prospectus (says toe Telegraph of -si pro posed now company -has appeared relative to - new libel of steamships to run between Victoria and New Zealand. The capital u to be "£250,fi00, and the J»th here and in New Zealand. . ; Some time since fiwnarlp, the OwStiwJJfiSW 'JtoiwfrsA-1 Mr William Neriy, well known .in isnbMiwvjW UW Wl»IJItjj WQIl Wl V V mil ' |JU America,! leaving over„£GQ0fo his eredifcin torn "g? ? HgWjropth .JTslea, Beetowprth, Oa Ms tetornfcperitly he'fouhd that toe money wasgope, due he had no effects in the bank He Nt" Plfiied to tbe antlrarities in Mribonrne, and tyJPtey was referred to Mr Stewart, toe bank's ridhdtor, i bnt eould get no satisfaction.., HeABriii employed Mr James M'Kean, and after a time toe twn ytiirityregt with htm to. Pentri »tere- W itelntew wito Bentley tato of wjnlir BteforeS Hut Neriy had toe m«he Unktaad. Hsu justly -entitled to -ito After 2S Neejy wanted interest and ihe expenses he had io- recdVm- Us nwrneyT wMtotoe1 depined to accede to. Onr contemporary jfiafflos that since this Mr M'Kean has served the Sta "tth a writ. for £2000. — - fJJ f» in toe remembrance of - most of onr Ww«ra(nrites the Ararat Advertiser ) tost we pre- rtMfod, sojne montos ago, a very dry season as re- AatorfoM there is .literally none, and wfatb foq.'riflera. m tbe Wlmmera are likalv to ds is J eteUtioii. The' frosts are severe; ana SfefwS5Rok,nta " pinched" in every diteetam. msnest tetania. The prospects, tn fact, whfch SHfi!'" anything but praatellnj for Several fsimen havs tsM as tost, in £lJTgmyV» ta crops are already showing signs jMUty wfflbesnytoreg bat profitable to toe gajPfej' fttttjyta jW" tbe eramirufiSSPid HRtomafod rorpB teatosn ondartiw Education have hem hrid at some tone dnring r&tT;!? fa Of ! to"® exandnationt, is, however, to be tared, »nd they are to be hrid in December, inrt tame riooto it is proposed to hold examinattoJh riR, music, gymnastics, and drawingTSaSt? Ationa of pupfisin State-schools for exhiMe; be held on 30th November and 1st December qS examinations of teaAers.czndidateaforadmiiiriot. toSata, Sandhurst, CteaemairBSSg» Hamilton, AraraCtt; RrtaMy (says tbe fomt Adtartfrm) ths W - could pot penetrate toe building, and wh a candles were put ont, tiie darkness might be fdf The place was thoroughly " Mack" from toe baric aeate cried out « Sit down in frontr It may be mentioned.that, in replytoaouSii Perforaance the brqtoera stated titey would have no obferti to give a private trance here before thev leaWfS. colony, and submit to the thread teto TW ,iZ intimated tlut toe severest assemblage tow£S .tote eyer played is a Victorian audiente - eramZ waa timrongjily critical, and took nothing on bust " A Vlctonan audience," said one of them, "worij not believe the sworn asseverations of their rente, tive mothers." The Maryborough Advertiser learns that an official somewhere in toe neighborhood of ingS „uuu www OKU. cuspenoea ror UTegnlarities in his accounts. A very large sale of freehold property (says the Gedong Advertiser ) took place on Thursday Mack's hotri, which induced a good attendance of speculators. The country properties brought rood prices, bnt tooke in the town failed to attract comne- tition.'. The Englewood Estate, comprising 12U acres, fenced, and. with a dwelling-house on it, «s purchased by Mr Sharp Brearley for £8 per W A fine salmon was cap tared oh Sunday, the 24th instant, off toe Bluff' at Hobart' Town The iMeremy states that next day it wae raffled, and 'Ihe prize fell tothelot of Mr John BncUandaad Mr weaver, who kindly presented it to Sir Robert Officer; who forwarded it to Ms Excellency the. Governor. The, amount realised for the -fish wis 21a, aqd as its weight was 4 lb onlv, it will be seen that it realised the exceedingly high price of 5s 3d per lb.: One -peculiarity In the capture of this as of toe list caught salmon, was that it was taken in a grab-all net, a circumstance that indicates the abundance of the fish, since that ia a mode of feromwhich it was taken for granted salmon \- Aai occasional correspondent writes to the Ararat Advertiser Pony "that the Axis deer are becoming a very great nuisance to toe farmers in the vidnitv of Longerenong, and that hares are multiplying fiuti— ao much so that gardeners are very much forimed to atop their raid with the contents of a gnn." , The /requesters of toe Theatre Royal (says the Age experienced 'a sensation of most pleasurable , disappointment in witnessing the' play of Hamlet on Thursday Mght. As a tragedian, Mr Adams may be , weIcomed with words of genuine and un- ialloyed congratulation. He is beyond dispute a profound student of Shakespeare, and a man of high ability. He has carefully studied and tho- irm&lr; mastered toe complex and many-tided character of the Danish prioee, as chiselled ont with snch marvellous dexterity by the master hand of Shakspeare. It is evident we have not bad such an exponent of the great bard in Melbourne since > Montgomery, whom he surpasses in some things, notably in the interview with his father's ghost, where die passes through the various reactionary stages of horror -up to toe riimaxof physical and mfntal prostration with marvellous realistic effect 