MUSIC AND FASHIONS IN PARIS. (n»M OUR PARIS CORRE8POKDHNT. ) MUSIC. Folks- Dbamattqcks. — " Le Pompon," opera- eomique in three acts, music by Charles Lecooq. The composer is far from being as happy in this production as in his "Fille de Mme. Angot" and hiB "Giroife-Girofla," operettes full of gajr melody, easy brio, and sparkling vivacity. The 11 Pompon" is, however, a graver style of music, and is intended to live when his lighter works have been forgotten. The plot is a pale re flection of 44 Fra Diavolo," ana the scene is laid in Palermo, time 1700. Piccolo is a young doctor, who has had the happy chance of recalling to life the favourite of the Viceroy, who had met with a carriage accident. He has come to Sicily to amuse himself, and a masked ball in Palermo has won the hearts f no less than three young maidens, for one of whom, Fioretta, he has a decided weakness. While drinking in a cafe he encounters the chief of the bandits (Tivolini), who wears a red aud white cockade ( pompon ) in his hat, the ral lying sign for his men. Learning the police have been informed respecting the sign, he ex- c langes his hat with Piccolo, aHd the moment the latter enters the street he is surrounded and euried off to prison. He can establish no case «' mistaken identity, having left his papers be hind him, so he is tried and sentenced to die. His three loves implore the Viceroy to pardon him, and the " favourite," to console him, passes A nirvllf tn'fll Vlim in Vita wall l'n H Ui&uv; n »» AM Mia wui A/iUAU Ula march to the scaffold, the real Tivolini ii arrested, and Piccolo is liberated. His first act is to call upon his three graces, and to ths.nk them for their interest in him ; then to ascertain which of them was his masked visitor. They are shocked, but the favourite slips the plighted ring he gave her as a promise of mar riage to Fioretta, who duly becomes his wife. The score is opera- comique of the old form. There are a few dance melodies. The overture is written carefully, and there are a few pretty airs in the first act, sung by Fioretta, and which are the best. The second act is not so happy ; the brindisi by which it terminates is alone elective. There are a few pleasing melodies in the third act, full of poetic colour, elegant harmony, and a mysterious instrumentation. It is a very droll scene where the chamberlains bring the viceroy his wedding garments, bit by bit. The choruses are good, save that of the bandits, which wanted spirit and life, though they were waiting to be hanged. Little the public regards what name is given to the music, provided it amuses them, and from this point of view it is right. It is thus that the 44 Reine Indigo" has been revived before a foil house. It is not a piece, it is an exhibition of girls. The music consists of pretty waltzes and polkas, for Strauss imitates Offenbach. All is absurd, but the spectators laugh heartily, and enjoy themselves much. National Opera.—" Hamlet" has been at last produced here, with Faure, of course, in the r6le of the Prinoe. Never did the famous oviwdb so successiuuy interpret tnat iormia- able part, or produce so profound an impression. Many consider the esplanade scene the best page in the score. However, in addressing the ghost, it is impossible fer art to display greater oontraats in the shades by which Faure phrases each sombre evocation, where the inflectiions of the voice and the truthfulness of the gestures concur so powerfully to scenic illusion. Mdme. Carvalho, as Ophelia, made of that character a new creation, absolutely personal, and quite different from Mdlle. Nilsson's Ophelia. She imparts to it a character less strange, but more true. She astonishes less and charms more ; it is a happy alliance of naivet4 in expression with perfect art in executien. The ballet, "Fete du rrintemps, ' was admirably danced, full of spirit and petulant talent. The Sunday popular concerts occasionally produce some new symphonies, but none of a nature to call for special remark. FASHIONS. The age of gold was symbolised in antiquity v yUn£ beautiful woman, in golden febee, holding in her hand a horn of plenty. The age of gold seems to have returned. The ladies appear t-o have only golden toilettes. In any case these are splendid. Costumes and ' hats covered with gold ; collars and bracelets in the same precious metal ; belts and sashes in gold, and galoons of gold over every seam ; and, as if all this were not dazzling enough, there are large crescent eanngs in gold and chains for the 'nkl reaemng that of London's Lord Mayor, the best way to avoid falling to the age of iron is not to be dazzled and dazed by all this glitter. The oornucoDia is embodied in the shops, which are crowded with very andsome articles, artistically arranged, of course, and as tempting as the forbidden ruit of old. There are magniiicent- figuied silks m owng and light patterns, in delicate or sombre shades, juvenile-looking or sedate. Two tones generally predominate — dauphin and Nile P®«n, violet and pale rose, brown and straw, tc. A very elegant evening dress, that has been much admired, consists of a training jupon « dauphin green velvet over Nile green silk ; the ride is raised sufficiently high, over a false Jupon in plain velvet, corresponding in colour to the jupon already mentioned ; a drapery of pale |ue faille, with laoe, ornaments the part raised, ki 00 8® low-bodied and square in front, od is made of plain velvet ; trimmings, blue tsule lace. Hats are excessively masculine in appearance, and are loaded with plumes, rather than feathers ; the latter becomes thus very dear. The white felt Rubens has the f eathera placed cry much behind, imparting a bold look to the It is all very pretty, but too loud. The Tnuce—not the Princess, remember — of Wales, ganushed with ten Bmall feathers on the and falling coquettishly on the ; it ought only to be worn by young" per- ous and in a carriage. There are other hats sedate, with soft crowns and double cur- 1! trimmed behind with a tuft of falling Pothers, with BtringB, etc., tying in front. .oooMare very general and very rich ; often wo shades. These auxiliaries of elegance are jv®jty for finishing an evening toilette ; with sumptuous passementerie of eihbroi- in gold and silver leaves nothing i> desired. The high oorcage for even- j®f wear tends still to mennt higher j the wcr er often transparent, in 5?. # V 1 lace mtrfdiuz. However. k ooMidertd s tlggant \ it riaitk ,uto with its Urar toWinetSin f cream,"',; colours largely eto forming the basis of many toi- vel«t Rbf. ,S0 jmte,d Wlt1' tooling of dark < plum are in request for mfant, and young girls, with whiteTns m 