EUROPEAN MAIL NEWS. (From tht Sydney Herald's Telegrams.) London. October 13. The situation in the East is full of peril and perplexity. The Porte is placing itself in the bands of the Great Powers, and has consented to an armistice . for six months, but the answer of Servia has not yet been received. According to the .latest accounts Russia will not allow Servia to accept the offer. Russian officers and men continue' to pour into Belgrade through the Austro-Boumanian territory. It iB thought that -Rotimania will become involved in the struggle. A new change has come over British opinion since the attitude of Russia, that Power being regarded as. the arch-agitator in Servia — a fact which has become apparent. Party demonstrations against the policy of the Government are gradually ceasing. An important speech was delivered at LeedB on Saturday, by Mr. W. E. Forster, in favour of the foreign policy 'of Earl Derby, when he impressed upon his hearers the necessity of rallying round the Government. Mr. Gladstone maintains his position of hostility to the Government, and has written a strong letter, protesting against their Eastern policy. There has been no fighting of inportonce. In Montenegro Mukhtar Pacha sustained a defeat. A most important despatch fron Earl Derby to Sir Henry Elliott has been published, which has given general satisfaction in England. The London Times has completely changed its tone towards the demonstrations in opposition to the Turkish policy, supports the Government, and condemns the utterances of Mr. Gladstone. An exhibition of the different designs sent in by the architects competing for the Byron Memoriam will shortly take place at Kensington. Cabinet Councils have again commenced in France. President MacMahon has returned to Paris. The ex-Empress Eugenie is about to visit' Borne, for the purpose of appealing to the Pope for financial assistance to the Bonapartist cause. There is to be a general election in Italy. Spain is making a new effort to put down the Cuban insurrection. Count Arnim has been sentenced to five years' penal servitude for the crimes of treason, and calumniating the Emperor of Germany and Prince Bismarck. The hearing of the case against Slade, the spiritualistic medium, took place on Tuesday, and has been adjourned. An extraordinary council was held at Constan tinople on the 10th October, at which it was decided to agree to an armistice for six months. The Porte requested the Great Powers to appoint official delegates for the settlement of details, and proposed that the introduction of arms and ammunition into Servia and Montenegro, from Bussia, should be prohibited ; that the influx of foreign volunteers should be stopped, and that both the above provinces should give no assis tance to other disaffected provinces. The Servian Ministers have agreed to accept an armistice as soon as it is proponed by the Great Powers, but it is expected that Russia will not consent to an armistice for so long a period. The despatch from Earl Derby to Sir Henry Elliott ou the Bulgarian outrages has been pub lished. Mr. Forster addressed a meeting of his consti tuents at Bradford on the 7th October; he asserted that the project of the autonomy of the Turkish provinces was impracticable. The Hon. J. Stansfield presided. A demonstration of working men in London was held on the Eastern Question, at St. James's Hall, on the 9th October. It was sparsely attended. A meeting was held in Hyde Park on the 9th October, tor the discussion of the Eastern ques tion,' at which MM. Zankoff and Balabamon, Bul garian delegates, were present. Lord Napier, af Magdaia, was sworn in as Governor of Gibraltar, on October 10. Mr. Justice Blackburn and the Bight Hon. E. S. Gordon have been created Barons for life. The Czarewitch Stakes were won by Wood lands, Merry Monarch second, Duchess third. The tea market in China is less active ; the silk market was fair, until the receipt of bellicose rumours from Europe. It is reported in the Japanese papers that the ports of Juhinamaka and Zuduai will be opened for foreign trade. The coal mines in Chili are to be worked by Europeans. Dr. Slade and Geoffrey Summons were charged, at the Bow-street Police Court, on October 10, with conspiring to obtain money by fraudulently representing 'that they received communications from spirits. The evidence from Professor Lau kester went to show that there was great trickery in the whole affair, which was done by means of accomplices and mechanism. It is likely that they will be committed for trial. There is intense excitement over the matter. The Chinese secretary, Mr. W. S. F. Mayers, has left for Nanking to settle the dispute about .the Woof ung Railway. ' There has been a great panic at Wanching, owing to the wild rumours propagated at the Triniol Exhibition. The city was placed in a complete state of defence, but no rising occurred. An Imperial edict is published in the Peking Gazette,^ prohibiting the cultivation of the poppy. A. Chinaman was accidentally shot by a British officer on board one of the Hongkong gunboats. The Officer was arrested, and before his release he had to pay 200 dollars as compensation. The total exports of tea to Australia and New Zealand from 1st June to the 25th October amounted to 14,490,225 lbs. BupsowA Lands Office. — All persons having business to transact with the Land Agent are re minded that the. Burrowa Lands Office will be closed on Friday next during Mr. Wotton's absence on nis usual xorcmgnuy visit to umaiong. Hot Weather w Queensland.— The Warrego correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, writing unqer date November 11, says : — Die drought continues, and appearances at present are much worse than last year at the commencement of summer, for then there was a fyring in the grass, whereaB now there is not the ghost of such a thing. The heat is fearful. The quicksilver for the lost ten days has registeredan average of 105' in the shade —maximum 110% minimum 102*. These readings are from tliermumeters in Charleville and on the Paroo Bulloo. If rain do not como coon, it willbe very disastrous for a large number of persons in this district. Out west the water is failing rapidly, and many squat ters on the Bulloo and Pasoo are already ' dried out,' and have had travel their stock. Heat, flies, and dust are too severe to allow me to say any more. The Dbeam of a Faie Woman.— A brave man. 