The Book Agent. . Tnv. most indefatigable book agent in ' our place is Mr. Dunner. The other day he called upon Colonel Bangs, of . The Argus, and the following conversa tion ensued.: — Dunner. — " I wish to . Col. — " I don't want any," D. — "I say that I desire to—" Col.-— "Makes no difference ; I don't want it." D. — " To see you for a few moments , alone in order to — " y Col.—" 0, yes I do. I understand I you, perfectly, Mr. Dunner. I know exactly what you want. You've gt under your arm some sample sheets of a life of Christopher Columbus, which is to be issued in numbers at fifty cents apiece. It is full of preposterous old pictures of Columbus landing on the shores of the new world with three or . four people around him, dressed like the ghost in 'Hamlet,' and a dozen or two naked niggers bowing down before him, and wondering what in the thunder he means by standing there, waving a flag in one hand and brandishing his sword with the other. That's Avhat you got, and you want me to subscribe for it." D.— Nothing of the sort, sir." Col. — " Or else you've got a specimen copy of a new illustrated History of the United States, with cuts of General Washington's horse standing on three 1 larva htLiIa n /»nnnnn Vinll' wliififlofl hv him which George is trying to catch in his hat. And it has in a lot of portraits of celebrated Americans which look as if they were drawn to go on rag babies and a representation of tho battle: of Bunker Hill, in whioh ono man is lying on the ground Avliile another rams a bayonet in him, and all tho rest huddle round and don't do anything. I've seen 'em often. Wo use them for ijgrting the fires up at our house. You flvt sell any to me." T). — -"You are very much mistaken, colonel ; I " Col.—" Oh, well, it makes no differ ence. It's something or othor of that kind. A life of tho Signers, maybe, Avith a Avry-neckod American eagle screaming on the title-page ; or Adven tures on tho Plains, Avrittou by somo bald-headed lunatic, who's been out there sketching round tynong tho Indians; or a Farmer's Guide, which- instructs tho agriculturist not to knock his watermelons olf the trees until they get yolloAV ; or somo such slush as that. I've got lots of 'em. But I' in not buy ing any now. So, good morning ; I sqo you're in a hurry," U.-— " Oolfiliel, tho faot is the,'t I want to £at au ndvortismont in your papor." Col.—" An advortiso — why, sit down my dear sir. Exouso mo for keeping you standing. Tako a chair. There, now. Now what can I do for you." D,— " I have here a very interesting and valuable book, tbo ' Life of Bishop Potts, tho Mormon Saint.' Look at it. It gives an inside view of Mormonism, exposes all their mysteries, and tells a Btory Avhich must tlirill tho soul of the entire nation. Col. — " Capital book ; excellent; tho very thing to sell ; just what tho people want. Now you want to advertise it, do you ?" D. — "Yes; I'd liko to have this prospectus inserted ten times." Uol. — "Ton yes; ton httoens — one hundred and fifty at ten cents a line is fifteen — yes, fifteon dollars." . — " You think it will help the book? Col — "Think? I know it. All a book like that wants is to have public attention directed to it. Peoplo'll just go for it." D. — " And now about paying for tho advertisement. Fifteen dollars I think you said?" Col. — " Yes ; fifteen." D. — "Jes so. I sell tho book at 5 dollars 50 cent, but I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to put you in at 1 dollars 50 cents, and send you round ten of 'em. Ten times 1 dollar 50 cents is just 15 dollars, and then we're square." Col. — " Ain't you going to pay cash ?" D. — " Oh, no ; of course not." Col. — " Oh, you ain't liey ? Well I wouldn't touch your infernal old mess of truck about that polygamus boast of a Mormon with a forto-foot any moro'n I would any othor carrion. It's nothing but drivelling idiocy ; and if you don't tako it out of hero, along with that coffin -jawed fiypooritical countenenoo of yours, I'll have you kicked down stairs by tfie foreman." Then Mr. Dunner withdrew, and tho colonel went back to Avork, indignant that ho had been imposed upon. Tho readers of 7 he Argus are not, yet aware of the fact that a Lifo of Bishon Potts is for sale. — Max Adcler. 