Miscellaneous Items. Ifc has beon rumoured in town during the past few daya that gold has beeu discovered in payable quantities on tho Weejasper station, Goodradigbee Uiver, in the Yass district. Wo leam from a statement issued by the com- mittee that the receipts in connection with St. Vincent's Hospital Ball, held recently, were £245 6B; theexponses amounted to £100 2s 3d, leaving a balance to the Insti- tute of £13d 3s Od. A correspondent, writing from Cape York, says of the present pearl fishery «. --Shell has fallen to £ 100 per ton (laBt year it wan £240.) This will soon cook the fisheries, and to make the new settlement a port of entry, under tho circumstance, would be a more farce. MoBt of the shcllers are working at a loss, and must Boon clear out unless an improvement takes place. The following clause has been added to the Vic- torian Electoral Bill :-" Any person who Bhall hire or reward or afterwards pay for any conveyance fdr the bringing or carrying of any elector for the purpose of voting at any election or tabing away any elector after ' he shall have so voted, shall be deemed guilty of bribery j within the meaning of this and the princinal Act." A large whale said to be over 10f> feet in length, got stranded at Long Beef, Manly, last week, and was taken possession of by the ¿sherman in the locality who have since been busy, taking all the oil possible from it. We have received from Mr. R. R. Armstrong, Captain R.N., four samples of colonial wjne of a very superior description. Captain Armstrong has estab- lished a wine depot in Pitt-street, Sydney, and the selected samples he sendB us, which are of burgundy, hock, claret, &c;, are got up in bottles with tastefully designed labels. The wines, were grown in the Hunter River district, and were obtained from some prize wine- growers there. In a despatch to the South Australian Govern- ment on the subject of colonial loans in the London market, the Agent-General, Mr. F. S. Dutton, writes : -" The Viotorian loan of £3,000,000 is to be brought out by the ton Associated Colonial Banks towards the end of September. It will fetch a high price, the securities of the colony being considered here the highest class." It is rumoured that the New South "Wales Go- vernment have received by the mail, a communication from Mr. E. C. Cracknell, enclosûcg an affer from an eminent firm of contractors, for the construction of a second cable between Europe and Australia, and tbat îf ter full consideration by the Executive Counoil here, the proposal has been submitted to the various Go- vernments of the Australian colonies. In justice to the contractors making the proposal, it is not likely that its exact terms will he made known until an answer has been received from the other Governments. By the last mail have arrived the colours of Edward Trickett, the champion sculler of the world, in the form of silk handkerchiefs, and as they are in great demand, intending purchasers had better apply for them at once, to Messrs. Thomas and Patrick Punch, of Punch's Hotel. It will be as well to add, that the whole proceeds of the sale of these colours, at £1 each, will go to swell the amount collected for the champion sculler, which all colonials regret is by no means too large. The following description of a visit to Cooktown is taken from a letter received by a gentleman in Mel- bourne:-A stranger, unacquainted with the many miseries of Cooktown, coming suddenly from the moBt populous part of the dig ;ings, would think that the day of resurrection had arrived, all the men looking BO ghost-like and supernatural. You cannot find a middle-conditioned man on the diggings, all being so thin that their bones actually protrude through their skin ; in faot, although I have been in the army and almost every country in the world, I never came aoress such wretohed-looking people, nor ever lived in sujh a wretched country as that north of Queensland." The Hobart Tovm Mercury ol the 9th says : Our Australian Associated Press Telegrams received on Saturday night contain one from Wellington with- out date, stabing that there was " no sign there ef the Bella Mary j- forty-two days out from Hobart Town." j There is somo mistake in thia. Fortunately, the Bella Mary is now in our harbour, where ehe arrived on the I 1st instant, from Auokland, after a lengthy passage, j having left Auckland on 23 rd August. No vessel that ¡ left Hobart Town for New Zealand from 40 to 50 days j hun failed to give an account of itself. Several vessels left during August, but all have been in this port since. The Rev. Eroni Fotoftli, native Wesleyan mis- sionary, who arrived here recently in the mission ship John Wesley, and whp addressed the meeting held in the Wesleyan Church on Monday evening, died on Wednesday very suddenly, at tb« rooms of the Wes- leyan Mission Society, in Pitt-six««^ The cause of death was, it is presumed, appoplezy. The rev. gentle- man had bpen in apparency good health up to within a few minutes of his death The deceased was an or- dained missionary of the Wesleyan Church for seven- teen years, and had been labouring in the missionary cause in the Fijian and Friendly Islands. He leaves a wife and pix children in Fiji. He was a native of one of the Friendly Islands, and apparently between 40 and 50 years of age. The death of Mr. William Long, one of the oldest and most widely-known citizens of Sydney, took place early on Wednesday morning. The deceased had been ailing for a considerable time, and his death was there- fore noe unexpected. He carried on business in sydney for upwards of half a century, brought up a highly educated and accomplished family, and acquired consi- derable wealth as a wholesale wine and spirit merchant. He loaves a widow and several children, the latter all grown up. One of his daughters is Lady Martin, wife of Sir James Martin, Chief Justice of New Routh Wales, and another is married to the Hon. W. B. Dalley, Attorney- General of the colony. His son, Mr. William Long, jun., is a member of the Legislative Assembly, representing Central Cumberland. The following is a copy of a letter transmitted to the Department of Mines from Mr. Dalton,. Warden for the Lachlan district:- "Warden's Office, Parkes, I 14th October, 1876.-I have to inform you that an | auriferous quartz vein of much promise has been recently discovered, situated about half a mile to the westward of Seymour's public-house, within the Parkes division of this goldfield. It is at the head of the old lead at Richardson's Gully, wbioh it has probably sup fdied. Some fine nuggets have been obtained from this ocality at various times, and it has been long known that there must be auriferous veins in the vicinity of the lead I have referred to. Occasional rich patches have been found at the Excelsior and other reefs within the same belt from time to timo during the past six years, but up to this date nothing that has yet proved permanently payable. The specimens now obtained are very rich. The ground is under application for leaso, No. 300 B 190, and 305 B 194." Mrs, W. Nash, of the Sawyers' Arms, Saltwater Ortok Hoad, Maryborough, has proved herself to be a truo heroine. For some time back the hf>us« has been constantly robbod by tho blacks, and, in consequence, a loaded revolver haB been kept under the counter, in the bar, to scare them off. The other day Mr. Nash was employed somewhere in the vicinity of the house, when a blackfellow rushed into the bar, seized a bottle of grog, and had reached the verandah, making off, when he was seized by the shirt sleeve by Mrs. Nash. In order to attract the attention of her husband, she fired off one of tho chambers of the loaded revolver, which she hold in her disengaged hand. This induced ! her prisoner to struggle violently to escape, which he I succeeded hi effecting, leaving, however, the sleeves of his shirt in his would-be captor's hand. Mrs. Nash then fired off three other shots, which were the means of bringing her husband to her side. The blackfellow had then made good his escape, but wo will venture to predict that he will not be in a hurry to re-visit the I Sawyers' Arms-while Mrs. Nash ÍB at home. A meeting of the Philadelphia Exhibition CónimiBíienera was held at the Public Library on Wed ñenday day afternoon; there were present, Mr. W. Wallis (chairman), Professor Liversidge,Mr. E. Adams, Mr. P. N. Trebeok, Mr. O. Moore, and Mr W. Wolfen. After the transaction of nome formal business, the secretary stated that a large number of inquiries bad been received in reference to the fruit-drying processes referred to by Mr. Morris and others, as the coming fruit crop of the colony promised to give a very large yield, and many growers wer« desirous of providing means for drying or otherwise preserving their Burplus. It was stated that Mr. Gardner was having a model prepared, which, when completed, he would be happy to exhibit to the commissioners. The secretory »tated that it had been suggested that the mapB and pamphlets should be sent to tte secretaries of the various provinces of India for distribution among the principal Govern- ment offices; and instructions were given that the matter be carried out. Mr. Wolfen said that,as Consul for Norway and Sweden, he had furnished his Govern- ment with copies of both maps and essays, and he thought that the consuls of other countries would be glad to do the same A daring robbery, with, violence, was committed on Pyrmont Bridge, shortly after midnight of Monday, but it is satisfactory to know that the perpetrators have been arrested. A young man named Henry Eccles, a clerk, while returning to Pyrmont along the bridge, was accosted by three men, one of whom demanded his money, while the other two surrounded him. One of them said, "We want no humbug about it,'' and Eccles replied, " Well, you will have to take* it." He was then struck by one of them, whom he afterwards recognised as Henry Bowden, a man about twenty nine years of age. The blow he received was on the side of the head. Immediately after he was struck on the side of the head with a stick by one of the others, whom he identified aa a person who gave the name of Miohael Kelly. Ecoles fell to the ground almost unconscious. Fortunately he had on a thick felt hat, which afforded him some protection against the force of the blow. Bowden rifled bis trousers pockets of all the money they contained, consisting of 17s. Kelly searched his vest pockets, but found nothing. The robbers then ran towards Sydney, and went up Sussex street, Eccles following as well as he could, but lost sight of them till he beard a row in the street, and he recognised Bowden's voice. Soon after he saw Bowden enter a house near Bathurst street. He then went and gave information to the police at the station. Sergeant Flaherty and other police accompanied Eccles to the house, and there found the three men, among others, who assaulted Eccles. They were all identified by Eccles, and arrested. IA lecture on " The Race of Murrin aborigines in the western parts of this colony, was given on Tuesday evening, in the hall of the School of Arts, by the Rev. Wm. Ridley. Mr. W 0. Windeyer, M.L.A., President of the School of Arts, took the chair. The lecturer, after stating that he had spent over three years in a mission to the aborigines, of whom he was about to speak, gave an account of their mode of living,-of their laws and customs,-of their language and characteristics. In reference to the necessaries of life, he said both clothing and dwelling-houses were dispensed with by the aborigines, aa when first seen by civilised men they had no idea of the necessity of either. The natural and traditional modesty of a race of people who knew nothing of the art of clothing was at variance with the philosophy of Thomas Carlyle (in Sartor Resartus), who ascribes to clothing the very birth of modesty. The aborigines have strict notions of tbeir own as to modesty and chastity, which were never inspired by clothes. The onief relic of antiqnity among the works of man in Australia, according to the lec- turer, consists of the nomenclature and classification, by which every child inherits at birth two names, deter- mined by those of the mother; and the code of rules concerning marriage and descent founded upon this nomenclature. The "bora," or ceremony for the in- itiation of young blackfellows into the privilege of manhood, was described. By fasting, flagella- tion, and other tests, the endurance of the . candidates is severely tried ; and many weeks of Btriot and painful discipline are spent in the pro- cess of "making men." The blackfellows ascribe this institution to the command of tbeir.chief god. All the aborigines have traditions concerning unseen beings, good aud evil. Among the race of Murri, Bai ame, or Baia-mai, *ignifying " The Maker," is the name of the Supreme Being They also believe in various in- ferior deities or spirits. The lecture was concluded by several incidents illustrative of the capacity of the abo* rigines for Christian culture*, and especially of their susceptibility to gratitude and disinterested affection. The Chairman, on the conclusion of the lecture, made some remarks on the value of such information as Mr. Ridley had laid before them ; and the thanks of the audience were accorded, by acclamation, to the lecturer and to the chairman. The following ia an abstract of the Registra General's Report on the Vital Statistics of Sydney ai suburbs for the month of September, and for the qus ter ended 30th September, 1876:-The births regi tered in Sydney during the past month numbered 26 viz. : 123 males and 137 females, being 93 in excess > the deaths, and 1 below the quinquennial averse The deaths numbered 167, viz, 93 males and 74 i males, being 18 above the five years average. Lo« diseases give 47 31 per cent, and the most prominen causes in this class were- bronchitis, 17; pneumonii 7; heart disease, 8; convulsions, 9; and apoplexy, < The proportion of zymotic diseases was 18*56 per cent diarrhoea, 5 ; dypentery, 3 ; erysipelas, 3 ; and influenae 3, being the principal causes of death. Of con stitutional diseases the proportion was 14 97 per cent, phthisis, 14, being the primary cause. Of developmen tal diseases (8 98 per cent ) 4 deaths were from prema ture birth, and 6 from old age. There were 13 death from violence, viz., aocidents 10 (fractures, icc, 2; tetanus, 2; burns, 3; scalds, 2; and drowning, 1); suicides, 2(1 by cutting throat and 1 by drowning) ; and 1 oase of found drowned. Twenty persons of tho< ago of 70 years and upwards died during the month, viz. I male a.ed 70, from injuries accidentally received at the railway station; one aged 74, from lung disease; oneaarcd 84, from bronchitis; and two aged 78 and 80, from old age. One female aged 71, from hiwnatemeßis ; two aged 72 and 77, from erysipelas ; two aged 75 »nd 78, from diarrhoea; one aged 75, from hernia; one aged 77, from cystis; one aged 79, from euteriMs; one aged 80, from phlegmon; one aged 80, from influenza; one aged 94, from pneumonia: snd four aged respectively 70, 73, 73, and 79, from old ago. Fifty-two deaths, or 3114 per cent, of the total number occurred in public institutions. Tn Bourke Ward, Infirmary, 33, and Hyde Fark Asylum, 10; in Phillip Ward, Benevolent Asylum, 5 ; and in Fitzroy Ward, St. Vincent's Hospital., 3, and Darlinghurst OMI, h In the Metropolitan Division the number of births for the month was 516, and the deaths 258, being re- spectively 12.and 29 less than the registration of Sep- tember, 1875. The number of births for the qn«i«*r was 1706, and the deaths 896, which are 122and respectively more than the number registered during the same period of 1875. The proportion of infantile deaths in Sydney was 29 35 per cent, ef the total mortality, being 6 97 per cent, below the average of tue five preceding years. 