REV. ^ ^ m ^ p ^ K ' t i m m t s . ON o: |Sot»SlDTH AT The tnics'^^Mtote, Woodend, was filled on Thursday evening last with a large audience to listen to the Eev. Charles Clark s lecturBjrpon ,the -life„pnd works of Oliver Goldsmith. Both reserved and back seats were excellentlyfilled, some persons -having io'Snd Ecfeommoaktibn on tlie stage. ' Mr.Claik began bis lecture , by alluding to the lonversaBty of "appreciation -which there waa for the writings of Goldsmith. In -general-favor-he-was -only-e^oelled by- Sir Walter Scott and Charles Dickens, while for thorough geniality bis writings were even in a higher rank than theirs. He was bom on the 29£h of November, 1728, at at Pallas, in the parish of Forney and county of Longford in Ireland. He was the second, son and fifth child of the Eev. Charles Goldsmith, curate of Forney, and subsequently Vicar of Lissoy. also in the County Longford. It was lassoy which figured in the poem, of the " Deserted Villag" as— " Sweet Auburn, loveliest village of the plain." In that poem, in the character of " The Village Preacher" and in the "Vicar of Wakefield" in the character of Dr Primrose, Goldsmith bad drawn with loving and faithful hand a portraiture of his father. The lecturer here recited a considerable portion of the poem, beginning ' Near yonder copse where once the garden smiled." The recitation was delivered with very great taste and effect, and drew down plaudits from the audience. The lecturer then related Goldsmith's first appearance at a Dame school previous to bis bang put under Paddy Byrne, the village schoolmaster, an old boldier of Queen Anne's wars, who "undertook to teach Oliver the three B's—leading, writing, and arithmetic, but aid more by firing his young imagination with stories of banshees and ghosts, and with glowing accounts of foreign scenes and perils, " i' the imminent deadly breach." This afforded an opportunity for recalling Goldsmith's poetical -description of the man who " In arguing too, the parson own'-d his skill, For e'en though vanquished he could argue etill." 1 Oliver was sent to a grammar school in a neighbouring town, and an incident in one of his journeys there was related under the title of tbe " Mistakes of a Night," which he afterwards worked up in His comedy of " She Stoops to Conquer." Goldsmith was sent to Trinity College, Dublin, at the expense of his maternal uncle, Bev Mr Contariue, and entered there as a eizar, under the tutorship of Bev Mr Wilden. This was an lincongenial choice,and Oliver'ecollegiate course ended somewhat disastrously through his • tutor taking offence at a mixed party held in Oliver's lodging. Goldsmith's various failures —chiefly from bis own improvident and reckless conduct—were dwelt upon in a kind and loving manner by the lecturer, who excused his failings, except his fondness for gambling, and spoke much of Oliver's generosity and charity. . Goldimith's escapades at college, his residence in Edinburgh and Ijeyden, and his travels on the continent were fully detailed. His early career in London, when attempting to succeed in bis profession as .i medical man, and sinking into a bookseller's hack, bis acquaintance with Johnson, the publication of his poems, his plays, and his novel "The Vicar of Wakefield," were told graphically and dramatically. The lecturer quoted at length from the latter book, andhe finished a highly interesting and most entertaining lecture by an affecting account of Goldsmith's' death, and an appreciative estimate of the valu-; of his works. The lecture, which was partly for the benefit of the widow and children of a mar named 11'Leevie, recently killed on tbo railway line, will, we are gratified toleard, leave a handsome STU afcer paying expenses. 