A FEW WORDS ABOUT SNAKES. I have come across a, good few. snakes in my itime, and cannot say that my liking for them im proves upon acquaintance. Having been from my .earliest days a follower of Nimrod — or rather of Ramrod ;and jFishingrod — I have, perhaps, had larger opportunities -of .observing their habits than those, whose tastes rather led ?them to spend their leisure time in seeking pleasure within the precincts of the city, and amongst the society of th'eir fellbw-jmortals. Well, every pue to. his own taste. - I Wve. ho doubt some of them* found snakes of a far more venemous and deadly character in the casino, the billiard-hall, and other places in town, than I did in my rambles amongst tbe wilderness of nature ; and, what is worse still, they could not indulge in the luxury of putting an end tp these reptiles. However, I was about to speak of :the snakes tliat I have come aero s j and let me here mention '; that it is: not safe to be so foolhardy and con temptuous about the danger to be apprehended from these reptiles, as some people profess to be. Although we do not often hear of human beings losing their -lives in these colonies from snakebite, it is none the less a fact that there have been case3 where death has so, occurred ; and I. might refer to the recent sad end of a gentleman in 'Vic- toria, whose -Zeal in the cause of science led him to allow a snake to bite him, which bite caused his death in a very short -time. Within my own .circle of acquaintance, I hafe ipne who (haa seen a cative on the . Murray ; die from the bite of the black enake^ which he had been playing with/ox t^ie purpose of displaying, his courage before a lot of lubras,' jje was no sooner bitten than he laid down under a tree to die, knowing . there was no hope. ' I have known a pointer dog to t-e killed in less than an hour, and our Colonial Surgeon, in 1850, had a £na large JJewfoundland dog killed by a black snake. Many other cases occur to my mind respecting both biped and' quadruped victims, but there is no #eed to recite them. The most veofitnous snakes I know of are the black snake and the deaf .adder— not *f death' adder, as many people call it.. The former is almost invariably found in damp, sw&mpy; places, or on the banks of creeks and rivjers. The Para River and Dry Creek, in the early days of the colony, used to abound with them, as also the : brown snake, which is not quite so 4angerou8, The Reedbeds has always been a favorite resort for these gentry, but around Lake AJexandrina they are to be found jn quantity. I wanted to shoot some ducks- one day in this locality, and for that purpose left the road, which runs alongside the lake at that part at a distance of about a quarter of a mile, and before I came to the reeds, wnicb. thickly border the water there, I saw six snakes amongst the sedges. Thinking they were rather too plentiful to be pleasant, I left the ducks in. peace, and. made my way back to the road j 'but before that was reached, five more appeared— making- eleven in all, of which six paid the_ ex treme penalty. ? . I have always found that the' snakes wiU do their best to get out of the way, and believejthey only bite in self-defence. If you tread on one, or attempt to prevent its escape, you will stand a chance of being bitten. Therefore, don't inter fere with them, unless armed with a good long stick. . . . ?? But whilst cautioning people to be careful, I see no reason for the fearful antics indulged in by some men at the sight of a snake. A few even ings back, I went . to Glenelg, along with some friends, taking a short' fishing net, for the purpose of catching a few fish for breakfast next morn ing, and our operations excited the curiosity of, a RundlerStreet draper, noted for the enormous-rsize check with which his habiliments are sometimes decorated. He was carrying his boots in his hand, and, after seein? us disentangle a few roinmy toughs — no, tommy roughs — from our net, he turned away, and had, not walked two steps before he let out a yell that startled us all, and gave a leap that would have done no discredit to an 'old man' kangaroo. u A snake, a snake P' ' Where, where ?' 'There, there ! take care ! Oh, it's awful ! That's the second one I've seen since JVe been down here, and the other «as dead J' The snake was an adder, of which there are great numbers on the sandhills just over the bridge, and, although they are really very vene mous, I could see no reason for the ludicrous ' antics sndj evident fear of the representative of the yard measure./ The reptile was. very soon' rendered harmless, but the shouts and yells and furious gestures of the gentleman alluded to brought a pretty large crowd of people to the spot, and the way in which he congratulated us on our providential escape from a -horrible and sudden death through.the acuteness of his visual organs on a moonlight night rather excited our risibility than promoted those feelings, of deep gratitude wh'ch we ought to have experienced. However, it might be pardoned, perhaps, when it is re membered that the preacher— without iis^boota, recollect — looked so much like a harlequin, and acted like a clowa.— .Kapunda Herald. QUILP. The Wilcannia Times says — All appearance of rain has disappeared, and the weather daring the week has been all that tbe greatest lover of dryweather could wish for. If rain-does not soon- 'come almost every squatter in the district will be -short of either grass or water, aud some of both. Already the losses have been serious with the injury snstaiued by the flocks and herds from starvation, besides the deaths that have occurred. All along the. banks, of the river may-be seen dead bodies of sheep and cattle that have got bogged, and been tori weak to free themselves. ?Tbe losses on some stations must-have already been very great; we don't know what it will be for the next few monthsif raia does .'not come to the rescue. Keeosike Lamp Accident.— What might -have proved a very destructive fire occurred at the As sembly Boom at the close of the soiree on Wednes day evening. Some man, who evidently had no desire to see the customary homage paid to Her Majesty, in hurriedly getting over the seats care lessly struck his bead against a kerosirie lamp, when it fell to the floor. The oil' then-? became ignited, and spread, when tbe twofold cries of *^ fire' and 'water' resounded throughout the room. A general rush was made to the doors, while Mr. James Carroll, with great presence of mind and praiseworthy promptitude, divested himself, of his black coat and 6motbered tbe .flames, which were spreading very rapidly. But for 'Mr. (Carroll's speedy action both the Assembly Room an£ his large general store, which adjoined, would undoubt edly have been enveloped in fire. The danger was very great, and can be better realised .when we state that the Assembly Boom ceiling is of canvas.— Narraconrte Herald. ???'!..????? The Adelaide correspondent of the Narraeoorte Herald says : — South Australians are often indig nant at the want of acquaintance with tb|e geography of Australia' shown by persons in 'the' 'old country, who address letters to friends in ' Adelaide, New South Wales, New Zealand,'' and the, like. The Press, too, -joins in execrating the ignorance thus displayed. What then shall be said' when one sees placarded in the hall of the General Post Office a report on the heights of the various streams in the River District, in which the names of towns and rivers are hardly less confounded. If this excite as tonishment by what name shall one describe the feelings with which one sees gravely printed in the dailies tbe flame startling statement, eg., that at ' Barwon' the River ' Murrumbidged' is 'rising;*' that at 'Naomi' the 'Murray' is ?'falling;' and that at 'Euston' the ' Murrumbidgee' is 'at a standstill!' Ohl! shades of sarcastic leading articles denouncing in unmeasured terms of contempt tbe stupidity of par -English friends, appear again ! Tell the postal authorities and newspaper conductors that the ©arwon is an * upper tributary of the Darling hundreds of miles from the Murrumbidgee; that the Naomi is a con siderable river quite as distant from the Murray, and . that Euston is situate, on the Murray ! Let us first strive to remove the ignorance in our midst, and then shall we be enlightened to teach those in the Fatherland. Resuscitation from Appabfht Dbowhiho.— On Tuesday evening (says the Queanbeyan Age) a little girl of thirteen, daughter of Mi. J. Smith, store keeper and postmaster at Foxlow, was with some other children bathing in the river bard by tbe homestead, when she accidentally got out of her ^ dip'h, and, being uuable to swim, instantly began | to struggle f v her life, and by the time assistance 1 was at band was to all appearance drowned, title I was taken inde -rs, and tbe prescrib, d method for the treatment of apparently drowned persons assidu ously resorted to, while a messenger was dispatched to Queanbeyan, a distance of eighteen miles, for tbe service of a medical man. As a proof that no time was lost in the errand Dr. Macqueen was in atten dance on the patient in little mo e than four hours from the dispatch of the messenger for bis service*. On his arrival tbe d ctor found signs of life in the patient, who was nevertheless unconscious and breathing with prear. rapidity, (she was, however, ultimately brought round, and early on Wednesday morning was pronounced out of danger. Cobs yos Lockjaw —A correspondent says :— A young lady, while in tbe country some 'years- ago, , stepped on a rusty- natf, which ran through her shoe and foot. The inflammation and pain -was of course very great, and lockjaw was apprehended; A^frieud of the family, however, recommended the application of a beet taken fresh from the garden/ ana poBdiled fine, to the wound. It was done, and tbe effeet was very . beneficial. Soon tbe inflammation began' to subside, and by keeping on the crushed; beet, ,and chan'ging'it for afresh One, as its' yirlues seemed, to become impaired, a speedy-cum was effected*. Simblc but effectual remedies? like this should be known to everyone. — Avoca Free Press. .o ' .?;? ?' ; ! Another Revelation. — No true woman will ever marry a man so tall that she cannot ^reajuh hprhau. , An Eligible OppoBTUKiTr. — The-'2Zb&onf; Toion Mercury of the 10th instant has the following ad vertisement : — 'To Young Ladies, Widows,' and Old Maids.— -Wanted by a young gentleman, -tired of Queensland life, a situation1 as Bon-iu-ltiw in a respect able family in the Garden of the- South Pacific Personal appearance no. object whatever ; -mpney«yery- thing' Apply to 'P. P. A.,' Telegraph' Pepartment, Brisbane.' ' ' ' ' . . ? Poexet And Entomologt.— An entomological poet, oat in Cogeyville, Kansas, is'inspirecb tcPthe following, ?which, outside of i's high poetical merit, 'possesses great statistical merit: — .' 'Shoald millions into millions maltiplied.be i With ten millions times ten milhonB more,' 'Twould scarcely represent a* million of ' i! : ? -;;. The grasshoppers that pass our door.' AM .Emphatic Bridegroom.— A newly married ocraple from the rural distriots in Yankeeland were riding in a streetcar the other day, and. the groom insisted in holding the bride's hand in his big red paw.' '^Oh, no ; | don't !' flhe said, as she jerked her hand away: u Oh, lav; let me hold your hand jest for ten minutes,' he | pleaded. 'SJiooldoa'tyonseetheyarelookingattts,' ? she whispered. ' They are, eh !' he replied, looking np and dowa the car. « Wall, now, I'm., going to put j my arm right around ye, and if any fellow in this car t dares to look crooked,- I'll up'n mop the floor -yith Win ' until 1 wear him up to his shoulder blades .'' His- arm ? encircled her, and the other passengers -looked as solemn as if they were on their way from a funeral. — , American Paper. .,..,.. . The Pickled Parson.— The Rev, John Gamaga, I A.M., rector of Sedgfield, died in the second week of December, 1747, about a week before 'the tithes ( became due ; ? and it is, said that his widow, who was fc . . woman with all her wits about her, resorted to the , bold expedient «f laying his body in salt, and keeping ? it in a private room, till after the 20th of the month, t the day on which the tithe-farmers came to pay their ? rents. Her soheme succeeded. She received the I emoluments of the living for that year, whioh would t otherwise have gone into the Bishop of Durham's ? hands, as patron. And after she had got the money ? safe, she made public f he fact of her husband's decease. J[ This clever piece of trickery doea not seem to have been pleasing, however, to tne ghost of the departed, who was doubtless an honourable as well as a reverend man; and, therefore, the parsonage for many years became a haunted house. ' The Pickled Pawon,' as he was irreverently termed, infested the* neighbour hood for the better part of half a centoijv making night hideous. At length, Jon tiie morning of the last day of the year 1872, a fire broke put in one of the lodging-rooms of the rectory-louse, and before it could be extinguished the greater part of the buUding was destroyed. From that, day and 4our. -the jtopan* , tion was neser more Been,- ? -1 : ? v*' ? -2*39'*'' 