literature. WHO ri 1 Lrilri) JMIIN CAMERON ? : A SENSATION \L USTR ALLAN ! STORY. C II A I J EE XXX All. —(Co nth' vet 1. ) Tin< Br«hkax«ek AXD The Garlicks Fraternize, " And so tuy brother (Percy is going to mar»y old Caffiet'onri daughter, is he ? Ljnph, ho couldn't do better. The gal will hare a fine property; and a hitndred thousand pounds ih Rard gold as well. When did ydu say it was. coming off ?" " Next Thursday, m'y daughter Matilda writes me, and she is stayiiig with Miss Cameron, and is to be one of the brides maids ; so, of course, she knows," an swered Mrs. Garliek. " And Percy staying at Illawarra too ?" "Oh, no, Mr. Vaughati, of course not, That would be against all propriety, you know. He has rooms at the inn there — the ! Emu' 1 think it is called." . " Oh, he is Staying at tile ' Emu,' is he ? I know the place well;" replied Clark, with a gleam of satisfaction in his eyes. "Hid he kfiow that you .were in the colony and yet neglect to ask jmt to his wedding ?" asked Mrs. Garliek, really frightened out of her wits at the man's manner. " Yes, ma'am, he knows that I'm in the colony, and that I'm his sole relative in Australia, and he's ignored me, ma'am he's insulted me- -he doesn't know though that I've come hito A lfirge fortune or he'd have been polite enough. " " Oh; the world J ijib wqrld ! who would ha ventre 'fight I hurt "ear Periy "f all moil on earth would have been tainted with its vanities and its little meannesses I" ex claimed Mrs. Garliek, clasping her hands and sighing heavily. " I would believe anything of him," said Jobaliiiil. "Anjl I—any thing that was bad," added J asephit. "But till ujj your glasses again, ladies you ain't drinking fair at all." "I think it is high time for my l>3 IAJ uti Iii Ubu, _t_j<vuG ale 8U injurious to beauty," quoth Mrs. Gar lic!?; "Faith iiMvn; late lihurs will never injure yotir daughters;" ihisweriecl G'lark," | that 1 Tib t»Ue nit daHvf on'" . "Oh, you flatterer," simpered the matron, " but you really mustn't .pay- my little girls such compliments to their faces. .. "Yon look« as if you could take your drink kindly, and that, bottle will have to be finished to'ibg-iL you know," and the bnshtaitgl'. ut ,oir the most wheedling look he could call up. "I always retire to rest with iny daughters, and I never take more than one glass of anything at a time. If you cannot drink all the brandy you may pour what remains into one of the empty- de- cai>t»>'s on the . sido-iioai'.b It will keep bettor iilei'e thai! id ft ''otthj; Good night; sir." " Good-night, old lady, if you must go; Good-night,' ymlug ladies .add Clark shook hands ail ruulid and then bowed and scraped until the last of the trio was out of the room. For more than two hours he lolled about mi tlio;-'u walnut and scavlolrep cove rd charis. d>' u'l'iUf bis brandy pure now, iiud in ujije-gia- niiiE at a Liiiie. Then he ell a su Iden return of hunger, and under its influence lie reduced the ham to a skeleton bone and the loaf to a inei'e crust, touring tin; hu-t drop of brandy down his -throat out of the bottle af.a R'a'Ibii, lie gazed nr-CnUy at the em pty bottle for a. minute or two ami then staggered upstairs to bed, and soon falling asleep, dreamed thai Corey Yauglian had lured him into a gar ien on pretence of giving him some money and there had shot and tifiiriwauU i/mE'd him. CHAPTER. XXXVIII. Clark Leaves the Garlioks. To Mrs. Garliek's and her daughters' horror, Mr. John Yauglian played as gobd a k'uri and fork at breakfast on the morning following as he Had at supper the night before. Eggs and toasted bacon disappeared |ike lifthtniiig, and each of the ladies kqit iiiiiuerii'g tb herself "oil,- what a gin '.ton ! He will eat us out of house and homo !" or words to I hat effect. " When do you leave for Illawarra station I" asked Mrs, Garliek at length, " you .haven't much time to lose, have j'dti: , "No ma am, verj little. I Toula 111. a six o'clock tea, and I shall tlien «- directly after," was the reply. "Oh, you shall have tea piinctm the minutri. But ydit'll evens: mo, my dear Mr. V.nighan, it is usital in houses — boarding houses, I mean, of the high, standing of miilo - never io charge for less---, tb an a full week; It may sdem hard to you, but a few iu'nut"s cairn reflect' on will convince you that we must' adhere to | the lir.tle elegancies of society," simpered Mrs. Garliek. " Certainly, I stick tip for myself, ma'am." icioined Clark : " j '11 tkw von your thirty bob before I leave, never fear." The three ladies brightened up at thisj for with four meals paid for at the price of twenty-eight-, devour as he would, there would be still left a sufficiently large margin of profit. The day passed away very slowly to thffiiii however, for Mr. John Yauglian would not go out for a walk, of even smoke his pipe in the balcony. -He i would stick wherever they were, eternally | puffing away at his meerschaum, and very | seldom saying a word. The fact is ho had got out of them all the information that ho required the preceding night, and he was by nature a man of few words. At the tea-table a copy of I ho " /?"/- ht.'j lleral i" was brought in, and their gut1 si being as tuition us ho had been | (luring rhe entile day Mrs. Carl ek I amused lmrseli by skimuiitig it, for 1 , Johanna 'preside, 1 <>\er the tea uga'pnge. , Presently she exclaimed. '-Oh .' m , i dears tk.it dreadful vdhiiu TJaiuderhol' , is still supposed to bo in hiding in Mel- t bourne. 1 declare I shall be afraid to ! walk the slrnoisf. And you, my darlings, j I'm sure I shan't allow you to go even | outside the front door. Cases have been j recorded where young girls have been j abducted by such men, and carried oft to , their caves in die mountains, and if such > a thing was io happen to one of you, I ! should die of a broken lie-arc. I'm sure 1 should." Then- bo.ualer burst into a loud guffaw at tlii-,, and having bis mouth full of tea at the moiiK'in 11": < dbefc was dsns; r. "i,-. By the line thnc he had r< covered, Mu. Garliek. who cehi. at her broad sheet iia-.l affeeied in a to see hi-: ;' , /-.<,>, had got to the lies -ripaoo of a, diua- iftil bur glary ih-ir had been commh- . i the ;i- . t lKi",eal if'ii-rall 'in, s whereof ihere was mff yet a - u0i_ c,,.u to | discover, . .. 1 "Why. it's that TLjj'K,!. : ex- | elaime -. ,M.s. Gaih k r In j, . s t.,,, 1 the par. pripii aftm-i . it . . - r .h.Ua'e els and long, r, " l . who;, of , c.mr-o. I ue ids.' 1c ''i.-a v w., ..n, the j harffene I r.'ivi li i ana no would o.ue j near me, I won t throw my h Kb.. 11 or my embto'djry scissors ..t: Ids ;sC rt." I Again i no lie', , hi..t\,vr nam nto an unconiro! bible lit o? l.:u >"i .cr, and as his j m auk was i'uJi of In-ea I an ;l. iter this | time, .some of n m.i'uip- t i.i (kscend the : wrong way, and so due m o.u- u was fai : nearer killing the ilrci b ft busman ;ot | than sue had auspeeied she ould ever j have had the opportunity of d >ing. Hhe helped Jtiuq on the contrary, with ! many slaps on the back, and hei daughters did the same, for the emm va> urgent he was getting black in the fac e By fli-dr united efforts, however, they brought him round, and another cup of ten cleared Ills windpipe. Ho drank up his grog, walked across I ho room, unlocked the door, took out i he key, passed out ndo the lobby, closed and locked the door in his rear, and the ladies could hear him descending the stairs, and a minute or so later the front door close behind -him. - Before either of the l .d'es could say more, a peremptory knock came at the drawing- room door and a gruff voice said — " Open in the naftie of the law." " We can't. We're locked in," hah looed back Mrs. Garliek. There, was a crash — the door gave way — and half-a-do'zeii of .the Victorian" mounted police entered the drawing- room. " Where is he, madam — where is he asked the sergeant who was at their head, " it's useless to attempt to conceal him ?" " Which's where?" " Who's what??': " Where's which ?" echoed Mrs. and the Misses Garliek, rendered half imbecile by astonishment, " Why, the bushranger Thunderbolt ! That he has been an inmate of your estab lishment ever since ten o'clock last night we have it On go'od authority. Be careful what you say aild do, ffla'aih j to give aid or shelter to an outlawed bushranger is a case of long penal servitude under the new Act," roared the sergeant in her ear for he was a very choleric man. But he went on a bad tack io gel a I reply, for Mrs. Garliek, her two daughters1 | and even Harriot thought fit to faiiu- dead j away. Before tliey recovered sufficiently io »> i rational. Clark had raised fifty p muds mi , l heir bcbnig'tigs of a Jew Pen cc m.L'f Iv Bourke Street, hifeua Hois-' at t pe Albio \ for he was afraid to seek his own .jft Collingwood Flat lest there might be a police ambush close by, aucl was dash'ng at a gallop northwards. GM AFTER XXXiX. Illawahba ' td rkmab'rirmto- jfofi.fiow ! At last the day before llic bkpoY'tant ! rlo-tr 'n->MTori lr lv.ia eoninun on ortn m i coming, to Percy Yaughan. However, another twenty- four hours would see Jlatio itis, and Illawarra left in their rear, as Poi-ry met I tally determined, for ever. " Now fcverytlfirtg is cioito that can be 'hjjto". quftih PerCy, lis he flung h.'msc-ii on hie Jo'doE iii his dwii snug sitting-room, and, ringing the belt,- ' Or dered a recherche little supper and a couple of bottler of his Golden Oawarra to j be put upon the tray. " Yea, everything I is clone that can be done, and 1 must j leave the rest to — fate?" | He t-njig od his supper and his winm and lid'1. iVr f'dt s.< tviUmplnhlt and so happy. , ' Vvlien the things were cleared aWay lie lighted his pipe, and smoked, and thought -dill reclining on his sofa, with his back to the little glass dom- that opened on io the verandah. jdeuv' Pai'p'neu , smoked remarkably gd id iobiicvo ,aiid inliaiiitg 100 arom.-dic i weed he meditated aloud, as was his j wont:— . . y .. . | "How sroofithly eveiytbiiig nips | That beastly overseer the only llitch in j the whole affair. How is it that he | hasn't come I It isn't likely that he's got | a bettor berth. A iiundred-and-lifty ayear | — a home — and all the pickings lie might I have Made, uii.'h i sic' < '-riieYs c'f the place | thousands of miles away, an 1 nobo'uy to' ! overlook him. Hang it, there's not many I fellows who would have sneezed at the j offer." ' ri ' ! A great rough hand descended on his j shoulder, jtuid a voice equally rough | exclaimed behind libit;— i "That berth will si lit me, gdvefneiq j and ! mean to have it. Hang me, if 1 don't!" What was there in that voice that causes Percy Yaughan's blood to curdle in his Veins and every hope to die our within hiuri 0e fellow who the speaker was before lie turned round,- btit he did turn round and io confront r'£irnPBB.»oiT the BUSHRAN&EB.; "Hullo! Didn't- you expect me, old fellow? " said -he, with a mocking laugh. "Hid yon th.'.nk I'd gone to Dxvoy June.-," locker in iiie 'Hoi/espien-e,' along widi the other poor wretches, ehi 1 f -It1 you that I didn't like her name and ha 1 my Scruples aborft sailing in her; hut yu would fouri nle to go, and now she and your eight hundred pounds dre gorie to thexbottom togedier." "I have hiard of lier foundering" " iswered Percy, " and I have heard of " being saved. — of your sn ring yourself, ; I should father' say, and not in too manly a | manner. Now tell me what. I rings ymi ' here." 1 Percy Yauglian was as jade as any ghost. He could not have gift oil' time sofa an I Stood up m his feet w uh mt fal ling. for id) the ttoiiff m Ausrralia. He could only just k. '< a mask upon his face, that was a!'. A liiiuu'e la ei' Glavk »ii I - "Don't you I c p so, no brandy mgme of thou: cranky old euab : ird-;, h,\j'h :/' : I've I'ab.len fasr an 1 Fir on purpose to ,-t ,11','rahd-ife via on \ our approaching wedding with the heiress, anl I think you might show a Luio ni"re j tv at seeing a fellotv." Percy Yaughan poured out a glassful d" the" fiery spirit anl tossed it off as though it had been wafer. "You seem to talsc to ff more kindly than you used to," said G'lark, with a sneer, as he followed his example. " A mail who has friends like you is apt to become a- dram diTiiker Io save, himself frmiihe madhous > iff come to the point, and I ell me wh." yoe-r co.i- smnuuu imp uhm v '-"gie '.« n c my bauds, forth' npi ek..r ee c-en.; . e me kind of an ru;dersta"i' i;u le u said P'-i"/, 1 1 v.li'nu "?;e coi'-...;m m La 1 givi-n .e uie L . 1 e q.' _ . " Genm, i: k" " . n-THC v .. < dlvii , , G liar 1 iq m > i ii r ' ' not ebt iin -0' b a '" e . e in » - st.o'ioe lit- in t1" i i -. Clerk look e,' n - .r, i . I ; .. ' > vimim, and -'a ' '< Uf c ' ' ul he was «p k '"-c - ' ' grerft a da; I o- ''= i 1 h . - ho lia i i' - — v u.m i - he add I . ; R'" ' 1 " h ( ' 1 - > Sou , y <u va t lue o r - - J-'1-' ' \ n ' i n' 1 T I r, , t l bi ' a i - c i 1- i " Gia.'x," u-ii ;"kr , after a m ; u".t ; tiioucm. " a-c: le SI y m" - . u ,V 1 W.ll sw i" lint win ever h g pens t > y . i you u 1! r.-.m- i. . lk-a'c ntc n, any cr < beat Vii.l iia.e e U',)u.ttt'd." I ' 3..I gi 1 p'l" la i. gig d .11 . l)U-!jr,.u. u\ lid he look e di aftiful am 1 impious oir.h m siia off: : on a b i! ! Testamen; that Percy Yauglian brouii . j out of his desK for the purpose. j Poor fool ! he believed the oath of n<-' 1 i1 "b " ' li : blaspliemy almost made n foe 1 , e j " Nor-, i_ _. c.,,\ ' yuu must keep out , - f 3:_,Im v. ; a..-,. ,jVer an t y.m j have so! -j Mr bwpb.e:;. your fellow- ! passougt-. o;rt'l the ' x? ,'jo-_fterre.' drive | away, to wmft-.l lie sure to recognise j you a in in-mir, de.-; ite your greatly | altered a; poaranco. Then you may come up to i lawarr-i as soon as you live, and j. just before we go away I will instal you |: in your new office." 4 '' el'.V well, but I must have the ap- ,ppointnient in black 'and white. Haven't you the agreements drawn out for the : other fellow. " ' ' Yes, 1 have them here. I will fill in your name at once, calling you Giles , Btone, and then we can both sign, and I'll , calL ...in Sirs. Mason as a witness." And this was what was done. J To be Continued.) — .-a... . 