BOUTS BIMES. The given words 'were "unconstrained.' unfold," and "unite." We publish the following additionid stanzas this week :— " She walked in beauty" (what a fright, She looked full forty old); ' She wore her jewels (such a sight, They looked as fine as gold); Her graceful form (which fat contained To melt some summer's night); Her maiden charms (from fashions gained) As a la modes unite. She looked so lovely (brazen bold, And if I had remained) Her smiles, and (— might more arts unfold) 1 left her unconstrained. KABNAC, Here's a health to our Queen, let us drink unconttrained From the gob'et that sparkles so tempting and bright; Here's success to our. cause, let the chalice be drained; Let us drink and be merry hoys, let us unite In the song and the dance; come, your eyelids unfolds See this cup contains water delictodslv cold. ' (It by chance you're a tippler, you're jolly well sold). A-W.A.G. These are Thy .Works, Oh Mighty One; the light Of day reveals Thine anger. As of old Thou rol'st the seasons with pre-emptive righL Ard all thy laws Thoo dost thyself uphold; Soon on desponding man; hath he complained To Thee, the giver, withTils soul andmight? Hath he once thought that if Thy clouds had rained The fertile fields to praise Thee would unitet Thy bounteous gifts to us are unconstrained; Our trials Tome when these Thou dost withhold. Have mercy, Father, tor Thou has ordained That when we call Thy mereieB will unfold. (This was written before the late rains). KABJTAO,- With eye prophetic I behold, And what I see I now unfold T6 your enraptured sight. It is. that thou art unconstrained To keep a noble racer, trained To yield thy heart delight. On yonder coarse, for love of gold, Be weather windy, wet, or cold. Fast men will oft unite. Avoid them, run thy race with bold Alacrity, and when you're old You'll find supreme delight. B. S. S. And thus outspake that pious man and old, While bitter teare of soirow unrestrained Faster and faster down his wan cheeks rolled. And showed how terribly thatanguish pained His heart, " I loved a maid of gentle mould, My only care, my dearest soul's delight; Fair as the lily when it doth unfold Its dewy face before the morning bright, In thoughts of pleasure would we both unite. Of pure and childish love which each one told, Eut death's cold hand removed her from my sight My darling sleeps within the churchyard cold." F. W. SMB. " I could a tale unfold," So Shakespeare wrote, and Hamlet's ghost of old Exclaimed one frosty night, " Upon the platform," where—Oh, horrid sight He walked or stalked, and to'd His secrets to young Hamlet, in the cold Pale moonlight. Had it rained Or hailed, or snowed, the Epectre unconstrained By lear, might perhaps have drained His casque* of all the spirits it contained. Before he took his flight With other spirits to again unite, HOBATIO. * Qy.—Cask.—P. D. Oh! happy man, free, unconstrained. To choose the path that's trae and right; With health and strength and wealth untold, And friendB to love and share thy gold; No wonder tbat you ne'er complained, But found in life such sweet delight, Like pictures which good books unfold That soothe and please onr weary sights Eo, too, do wealth and sense unite To make life's pathway smooth and bright To one whose heart hath ne'er grown cold. B. S. S. When will yon leave me free and unconstrained 1 When I've the liquor drained. What are those documents you now unfold t Bank'cheques acd notes untold. When will both friends and deadly foes unite 9 When buried out of Bight. ' INTEBEOOATQB. 