GEELONG EAST ELECTION. MB ICERNOT AT THE TOTWf HALL The Town Hall was filled to overflowing last evening by over 600 electors anxious#1 hear Mr Charles Kernot explain his vicwsre specting politics. The chair was occupies by Mr W. Upton, who stated that Mr Kernot was so well-known to everyone B Gcelong that there was no necessity for» introduction. ,,Hc.,.trnsted .that a fair ana patient hearing would be accorded thecaadi* date. , Mr Kernot," who was received with ap* plause, commenced by stating that the eighth Parliament of the colony of 'Victoria wcnjM expire at tlie end o£ this year or thereabouts. He consequently appeared before them as a candidate to fill the office rendered vacaw by [the death of the late lamented^ Richardson, for1 that period of t,une*f He felt, therefore, that there were man)' questions to which he would refer could hot possibly come before Parliainent during the brief time which, assuming ^ the electors returned him as tbeir sentative, he would be in the House, bo he hoped that he would again have the honor of representing the constituency of Geelopg East. (Hear, hear.) The present Pad"J" incnt was, as many of tliom would rccollw i elected-for one special object, that ^ras 1° the alteration of the constitution of tlJ Upper House. That, they would .was the question which was submitted •them as the leading question at the last tion. Well, it was unnecessary for hw* refer to the circumstances under which t * . most important question was taken oUL°. their hands and shelved for the present. 1 • first session of Parliament liad passed ove bringing, comparatively speaking, u0^lin\a pass. They were now in the second s^! „ of tlie Parliament, and this had been situ s for a considerable time. What had • done ? They had been sitting for six or set months, but, he asked the electors, had been the result of their rcpresentatuj work ? The question was easily answer j nothing had been brought to pass. There had been one continual state of disorganisa tion in the House and party feeling. This nartv feeling was on both sides of a rampant Knd"; it was as much so on the side of the Miaiitrv as on the side of the Opposition. (Hear, hear.) They had now to look towards the next session to see what was going to he done. This brought him to the question, what is the prospect? They had passed tkroa"h the first session without doing any thing the second had been almost as fruit less =as the first, and they had no guarantee that the next session would be different to the two preceding ones. It was with this prospect before him, which made him feel as he had done for a long time past, that the present Parliament, although it had only Seven or eight months to complete, should at once he dissolved. (Loud applause.) He felt that from the past sessions' doing they conld very justly judge of the future, and therefore they had nothing whatever to anti pate or hope for during the ensuing session, seeing that nothing had been done up to the present time. There was no other remedy for the disorganised state of political parties in the House except that the electors should have the opportunity of sending back an en tirely new Parliament. (Hear, hear, and ap plause.) They could see it at once that the coarse he pointed out was the only cure. There was 110 reason why it should not he carried out, He asked why the opinions of the electors should not he taken upon all subjects of importance which were cropping ip—subjects which should not be delayed in settling? They should have a dissolution of the present Parliament and commence <lc noto. (Applause.) Should he be returned as their representative, be pledged himself to vote in favor of a dissolution. This had been his opinion forsome time past, and as he had expressed it, he was prepared to support it. When he was a boy. he used to be afraid of "hosts; but now lie had got above that age, aad he looked at a ghost without being frightened of it, because lie knew that ghosts were only phantoms. Latterly there had fojen a great ghost raised up, in his opinion, which was called a stonewall. Well, now, he asked them, what was the meaning of a •' stonewall ?" He presumed that it was an abutment to keep cattle in, or to keep an enemy off. (Laughter.) It did not so much matter what was the meaning of the word as the object in view. (Hear, hear.) He had ken asked frequently of late whether he was going to snpport the stonewall. His an swer hadbcei: upon every occasion, yes. (Loud applause) not because the party were stone wallers literally, but because he thought that the principle underlying the stonewall was sound and correct. (Kenewcd applause.) What was that principle ? When he viewed the position of parties in the House, he saw thai the position the minority took in re fusing to grant supplies until such time as the country was appealed to, contained a principle which affected the liberties of tlic whole of the people. (Applause.) The serious ami important question of taxation, which was of far more importance than that re jecting the alteration of the constitution of the Upper House was at stake. The opinion oi the country had been iguored by a majo rity in the House, who had taken the rights of the electors in their own hands, whether the electors liked it or not, by refusing to giant the appeal to the constituencies, which was demanded by the minority in the House, who had every reason for believing that they had the majority of the people at their backs. (Applause.) He asked them where their rights and liberties would be with a majo rity in the House echo carried all be fore them, and bid defiance to the electors who had sent them into Parliament. It therefore, the principle, which lie ihoueht was a worthy one, which actuated the stonewall party, and as such ho freely "are it his support. (Applause.) There was another point to which he should allude —the stonewall had been demolished. The question which raised itself up before them was whether the means used for demolishing the stone wall were fair and honest. (Cries of "Xo, no.") He contended that they were not. He maintained that the majority oi those composing the iron hand were auta jyisistic to the rights and liberties of the electors. (Applause.) There was a great principle at stake which caused the erection of the stone wall, and there was something underlying the tactics of those who consti tuted themselves the iron hand. The <jues tion was respecting the land tax. It was proposed in the first instance to have a pro gressive land tax, which should be levied upon the large landed estates of the colony. That had the etfeet of rousing the feeling of those who had in years gone by shown liow i they could resent anything like interference with them. The people would recollect that, not very longagn, su hseriptious were received | p.lhe amount of £100,000 to protecttlicland isjlders in their positions. That association of subscribers did exist, and many of them would recollect how an advantage thereby was got over the masses of the colonists. A similar one now existed, and the simple question now- was, whether they had the I right to tax the land or not. They had only ;> look back to history, and tliey would liiul "hat the laud had been a special subject of taxation ior all ages : it was the primary matter for taxation, and was looked upon as the source of national wealth, and therefore the proper thing to tax. Land had alw ays ken taxed for the support of the poor and other purposes. Therefore, with these facts raring tbi-iu in the face, he asserted that laud in this colony had no right to he exempt j from a land tax. It had been exempt for twenty-five years, but that exemption was | not to he allow ed to go on for ever, especially ; when the altered state of the colony's cir- . cnmstanccs had to be taken into account; a | revenue had to be obtained, and he would go in to support any Government which had n r its object the taxation of land at present not contributing a fair share towards the ex penses of the colony. (Loud applause.) The knd tax in England amounted to £10,000,000 and it was originally intended for the sup tort of the jKior. hut it haa now passed into the hands of the Church. At the present j time the land tax in England annually amounted to £1,100,000. 15ad Land laws were the curse of any community, and it Uhoved them to sec that they did not fall uxohad land laws with respect to the colony. Ireland had suffered from bad laud laws and taese were the main things "which had kept X-at beautiful country so long in the back sraaiuand prevented it from progressing, tad land laws produced that effect in one vs Producetl that effect in one | sentry, they would certainly dosoin another. *P^'ple could not be manufacturers, . ^ to the ijuesiion put itself plainly to them t to be douc for the employment ! h* bad land laws are allowed to i The people of Victoria were not pro- j neither were they retrogressing, pled that a fair progressive laud . - -:=ht and equitable. In his opinion ! Statureprr- - - 1 - • ; prosperity of the colony depended a laud tax. (Hear, hear). He was Ppoied to the present scheme of land taxa Propped by .Sir James" M'Culloch— r Jf i * he believed it would not .1 ,c*lse *n the future. He believed holder of 100,000 could pay more nlan held only *25,000 acres. ! 0/i of Hampden there were at least . jy.yuo of acres, and S00.000 of these '''''' ^ on'3' a few men, who ripins lawjJk™011 r'vcr- The people were already t-v ,i "° there was the Custom-house . not employ as many hands about their 'i lCp-"8 °Ue " "le fnetories on the banks ,.r lueie »iis uie lousiom-nousu b, 0,1 ProPerties, the land tax, the f l .-l ' goodness only knew where J" ^'Omd stop; if they went on in the ft" n , .i" *'lc f,lture as they had done in w' ui ''lere would not be anything left v),w taxed. Sir James M'Ctmoch "b'Hud, not long ago, was inter itvin, l!"ern^ers of the Cobden Club, wlio t a,ve,Persuaded bi'n that Victoria t - y .hind in keeping up her pro is " I"' ;- instead of havimr freetrade. 4s (V1L1 ,"lc riews of the members of t-mb, who -H ere all wealthy men «sn wi- i , because it suited their of til p e . had taken effect in the mind •_i<. t,_reriUer" ^ie looked upon the in +i- " 'lK IW,ketl upon bii j«"i' i,roi>ost'ci by Sir James M'Cul ^w0niythec^ •ftoiDt t —J v"e commencement of an , remove taxes imposed by the ^tsres W ori'er to Protect the manu r/;olon^'' ® the manufacturing U , ' of the colony of Victoria declined desonitt whether they thought that <Voi™vrscould supply the surplus labor. Uet:™".0; ??■' 'n his opinion it was only I '•'J'ilt„a1,V .c. tvould show them how they Tiie isi'v:' -i *C''' 'hings which thev required. the colony was increasing ^tnr^Uv e coIony was increasing, j *>tans fel xj tIley would have to find some :-i». ^ ^employment o£ those gr 1L.1 Ut squatter* —t topfe 1 ^l^tters could not employ the ^\\-'1 left f°r «'e people tpen the i,Jj ■ orm industries and settle .«? order to employ the lahor. J^Cftwhi 1 Vcstion of expenditure b'jveniC Pr^ontal imposing features. iJove ~ r,, ""oil imposing matures, "^orer rsnrS1^ estimated expenditure «av iirVwJ!®0' although the population that %{ WO.WO. He held the opinion i,'f^en(hture should he reduced t"il sJ-.- r)~and he thought that the T58 ^Went f ';e groatly reduced.- He -1 ' the business of the conn 33 efficiently carried on with fewer hands, and in this respect retrench ment was necessary. Many of the Govern ment departments were in a state of disor ganisation, a fact which was proving itself every day by the enquiries. There was a matter which affected him personally, anil he desired to allude to it. A candidate had on the previous evening referred to him (Mr Kernot), and had gone too far. He was not thin-skinned, but ho thought that other can didates should leave their opponents alone, and not nse any personal remarks. (Ap plause). He had always endeavoured to follow out this priuciple, and to act cour teously to all men. The candidate to whom he referred had written and stated in his address that he had written upon the subject of Protection for fifteen years. (Laughter.) Xow he (Mr Kernot) was not a hail judge of a man's age, and he thought that the candidate to whom he referred must have commenced his study of political economy at a very early age indeed. ■: This candidate he had heard compared as a wretched scribbler, but however that might j be he thought that the remarks of this youthful scribbler respecting himself were a little too impertinent. (Applause.) AVitli regard to the subject of the payment of mem bers, he (the speaker) stated that when lie represented Geelong East before, the ques tion had been brought forward on the part of the Government. On that occasion he had come to the conclusion that it would not be of benefit to the colony; he found that it would be an expenditure of from £.'15,000 to £45,000 per year. He had opposed the measure and voted against it—(applause)—aud had since then watched its influence upon members. He asked them now whether they thought that the present House was a good example of paid members. (Cries of no, and ap plause.) The experiment had been fairly tried, and the result, lie ventured to say, ' was not at all gratifying, especially when they looked at the enormous cost to the country. He would vote against the measure again if returned to represent Geelong East in Parliament (Hear, hear, and applause.) Another question would shortly have to he considered by Parliament, and that was a Mining on Private Property BUI. If they were to have the lands of the colony locked up as sheep walks, and locked up against the pick of the miner, then the bill would be of no use. Where was labor to be found for the population t He did not know exactly the character of the hill which was to he introduced by the present Government. Unless it was a bill which would give the right of access to the miners to go upon the land in search of gold on the payment of a reasonable sum for surface damage, then it would not be worth sup porting. They must find some employ ment for the people, otherwise they would leave the colony very fast. Some of the people had left, aud this was the result of the limited land area. They must have every facility offered to the people who were desirous of cultivating and settling upon the land. The postal question was one which deserved some attention. It appeared to he associated with the names of Messrs Coppin aud Langton, and the steamship St. Osytli. He agreed with Mr Coppin that the penny postal card system should beadopterl—every facility ill the way of postal advantages should he afforded to the public. Mr Langton was looked upon as the re tainer of the P. and O. Company, for by his arrangements he had given that company £30,000 per year more in order to get the company's vessels to stop at Mel bourne instead of going on to Sydney. They could get an ocean postage by quick steamers such as the St. Osytli, via the Cape of Good Hope, for a great deal less money and a great deal less time than they were paying £90,000 per year for to the P. aud O. Company. There was no fear of the present Government disturbing the contract. MrLaugton and Sir .las. M'Culloch were now bosom friends, they had been sworn enemies for a very long time ; Mr Langton was a staunch Freetrader, and Sir James -M 'C'ulloch had once been a staunch Protec tionist. Both of those gentlemen now loved | each other, and this was to his mind a suspi cious omen; he thought that Sir James M'Culloch was desirous of disavowing pro tection and would shortly say, " We must now have freetrade, a free open port." That would not suit Geelong at all, it would not suit the Barwou woollen factories, the candle manufactories,-&c.; (Applause.) With regard to the Upper House, he had just to remind them that the Legislative Council was de signed for the purpose of preventing anything like hasty legislation—to prevent measures from being passed which had not been pro perly considered aud understood. He did not agree with the position which the Upper House now held, (Hear, hear). That Cham ber could veto any act which the Lower House might pass and set the Legislative Assembly at defiance year" after year. Kc thought therefore that there should be a change in the constitution of the Upper House, and until it was so changed he would never leave off advocat ing the alteration. He considered that the Upper House was a break on the progress of the colony. If the land laws as proposed by the Legislative Assembly did not suit the wealthy landholders in the Council then they would not pass those laws under any circum stances. He would do all in his power to hring about the change which was so neces sary. (Applause.) It had been stated that lie was going to give a factious opposition to the Government. Well lie declared himself ( to he an opponent of the present Government (Applause, and hear, hear,) and he could not honestly go into the Legislative Assembly without letting-the Government know it. He had no confidence in Sir James M'Cul loch—(hear)—and he had every reason for believing that Sir James' cabinet had no con fidence in him (Mr Kernot). He had been one of the " old hats " once—(laughter)—and followed Sir James M'Culloch all through the Darling grant affair. When he had gone against Sir James, the letter's supporters had stated that fliey would do tlieir best to prevent liim from ever being returned for Geelong Last again, and it was that threat which had now induced him to deterniino to get hack into the Legislative Assembly, in order to show Sir James that he totally dis approved of his policy, and in that dis approval he carried with him the opinions of the majority of the electors in Geelong Hast. (Loud applause.) This was the third time of asking—(laughter)—and he trusted that the electors would return him at the j head of the poll. (Applause.) With re gard to local requirements, he promised that if he were returned lie would do his best in Parliament to get a fair share of the money expenditure for Geelong. (Hear, hear.) The interests of the people of Geelong were his own; their wants and the progress of the town were bound up with his own. If he found that there was not a fair share of the revenue coming to this locality he would do his best to endeavor to get it. In Mel- bourne, that sink-hole of Government ex- penditure, the Botanical Gardens there had cost £150,000 to the country ; and yet, after all this vast expenditure, it was now declared that the gardens were almost useless. Mel- bourne was being adorned at the expense of the country. He regretted that the short ness of time between the present and the polling-day prevented liim from seeing the whole of the electors, and trusted that this would he taken as an excuse if he could not see them alL (Applause.) In reply to questious, the candidate said that if the revenue of the colony required it he would support an export duty ou wool. If they had a land-tax on the squatters' pro perty, that would meet all the requirements necessary without an export tax on wool. He had no objection to a hill being introduced to regulate the sale of poisons, and lie would support Mr James, M.L.A., in his endeavor to prevent the sale of intoxicating liquors in the refreshment room at the House. It would be a most expensive thing to liave the inquisi tors for the collection of the income-tax. He had suffered great inconvenience in England with respect to the tax, and he was greatly op posed to it. He was strongly in favor of the present Education Act so long as it was car ried out with fairness as hitherto done. (Applause.) He did not think that they should encourage immigration until they got more employment for the people. He would he favorable to the import duty on boots and shoes similar to that on imported tweeds. He thought that the State should take all the remaining land and lease it, but should en courage bona fide settlement. He was totally opposed to civil service pensions. On the motion of Aid. Couves, seconded by Aid. Davey, a vote of confidence in the candi date was unanimously carried. A vote of tlianks to the chairman brought the meeting to a termination, after whicli cheers were given for the candidate and groans for Sir James M'Culloch. After the meeting a numerous committee was appointed,^ with power to add to its number, to work in tlio interests of 3ir Kernot. 