DISTRICT NEWS. (FroM oUn conBESPoODENTe,.) FOXGROUND. IT has been said of man that he is never satisfied, which saying is, in many respects, not erroneous; but to say that the great majority were not satisfied with the extent of the late drought, or are not now.with the present rainfall, would, I think, be at least the opposite of public opinion. Dur ing the last three weeks rain ieas fallen at intervals in large quantities, and especially during the last three ldays without inltermis slon, and yet a more than ordinary flood has not been created. I have not as yet heard of any mortality smdsniko. cittloe-nor do I expect to hear of ,ry% . neiglhbourlhobd-from the violsic weather; but it is well known tatdairy cows are in many pilaces from absolu want, and the entire absence of any shelter, now suffering extroeme hard ship, and their caroless owners much loss in the decrease of dairy produce. As the lands of the district are possessed by a few, the leaseholder is the more numerous class; and as it ever proves true that "short leases make few improvements," I hold, and hero assert, that if landlowners would give their tenants encouragement, and the necess8ry means for the erection of suitable weather-sheds for dairy eattle, to protect them from the burning summer sun and the piercing winter storm, cows' ghosts would not be so numerous, and the in creased commercial benefit would be not only great but mutual. The epidemic, scarlet fever, is fast disap. pearing, but violent colds, bearing the form of, and where care is not oexercised produo ing, influenza, are now prevalent, adults as well as children being victimse. An accident of a rather serious nature occurred here about a month back to Mr. T. S. 8peir, by which he unfortunately had his right leg broken or fractured below the knee. The circumstances of the case are theso:-He had just received from the horsebreaker a young animal, which being confined in a small paddock, it became necessary to lead or ride him oceasionally to water ; this he was in the act of doing, mounted on bare back, when, on returning to the paddock, the animal became restive, plunged violently, and throw its rider with the result above mentioned. Dr. Tarrant has since beeoon in attendance, but his patient is yet at intervals suffering great pain. The man Potter who, as mentioned in my last report, was suffering from paralysis is, I am glad to remark, under the skilful treatment of Dr. Tarrant, fast approaching convalescence. He has sold his cattle, rented his farm, and is, I understand, pre- paring to proceed with his brother to Bris bane. The young collegians, Messrs. Dinning and Thompson, have been visiting hero during thebo vacation, and not desiring idle ness got up some revival meetings at the Wesloyan lchapel, which, it is said, proved very suoeessful. 