fr^Bi Jli9i most populated part of the diggings, ^ulgtlftik the dny of resurrection, had acriv*d,\ ml th^inpnlObking Ho ghost-like'ahd supernatural. Veu 'cahtjot find a t61ddle%bndhi9ned,nianWn 4he diggings; all being'so thin'that their bones actu ally jpjotrude-through theif skin ; in fact^HliDUgh ljjavpbfeen'lhtheannyatia almost every, country in the w6rld, I never cauie across such wretclied lookiug people, nor over Jived in siieh a wntst^ied country as tUfe 'north' of Queensland.' '.'„-'-* Suez Canal.— The filling up of the 'Suez Canal is an event that may now be considered indefi nitely postponed. Last year, between the two seas, :only 52,700 cubic metres of 'stuff' were removed, and the canal wasnavigated with facility: by steamers drawing ns uiuch as 27 feet, and over 400 feefrin-leligth. The bed of salt which forms the bottom of the 'Bitter Lakes is gradually dis solving, so that (bis portion of the canal is lieing gradually but steadily improved, and with the in crease of vegetatiou along the bankR of the canal there is a prospect of tlie production, in a not distaut future, of a fertile and populous tract of country out of a Band}1 waste. The Chinese Giant at Geelong.— A startling incident occurred on Saturday evening at the giant show (says the Geelong Advertiser). A little difference of opinion took place between the giant's celestial attendant and Mr. Sterrick, the proprietor for the time being of Choukiczee, which resulted in a fight. Things looked most alarm ing, and the giant becoming exasperated, seized Mr. Sterrick by the coat collar, and lifted him clean above the smaller Chinaman's 'head, thus separating the combatants. The room was very crowded with spectators at the time ; women and children shrieked, and dashed out of the building by the front and back doors in great confusion. A great crowd of persons gathered in the street opposite the show-rooms, and the utmost excite ment prevailed. Two policemen were called iii, and Mr. Sterrick wanted them to arrest the China man for tho assault, but as they had not wit nessed the affair, they would not do so. The doors were closed, and the show abruptly termi nated. Asphalte and Wood.— After a sufficiently com parative trial, writes the Scientific American, the contest between granite, aspliulte, and wood for carriage ways has been decided in favour of wood, and the recent decision of the Corporation of London muy be regarded as a final continua tion of that decision. Mr. Heywood, engineer for the city, has shown that before a horse falls he mny be expected to travel on granite 132 miles, on asphalle 191 miles, and on wood 446 miles; and although 'between the last two materials there is a trifling advantage in the cost on the side of asphaite, that is much more than counterbalanced iu otlier ways. For easy traction, and the absence of noise and dust, there is no comparison between wood and granite, and since the surface water has been kept out by means of asphalte, wood has become one of tlie most durable of pave ments. The rapidity with which it can be laid, and the ease with which it- can be repaired, are not the least of its merits, while the flooring of planks which is now laid as a superstructure, giveB great elasticity, and by distributing- the weight equally over the whole pavement adds to its power of endurance. The Theory of Development.— The number of humourists in America is legion. We dare say few in this country have ever heard of Mr. Sam. Rockwell Heed, of the Cincinnati Gazette ; but if they happen to see his address to the annual meeting of Ohib editors they will doubtless con fcidd*—- ik tlirtir-~-*wM£«wiwn». atoii tw-iinTypaq — rsiv - pleasure of Mr. lteid's former acquaintance. The whole address is nmttsiug, but perhaps the best point iii it is the definition of civilization. ' Man's carnivorous nature must have exercise in some form. Originally the strong ate up the weak. The inferior, who were unfit to propagate their, species, fed the superior who were fittest. Thus there was a constant improvement of the race. This is what Darwin calls ' natural selection,' or the sur vival of the fittest. ? Development ceases and degeneracy sets in wli«n the superior cease to devcjur the inferior in some .form. . But it can nev^r-cease. In one form or another the strong will always eat up the weak. With the develop ment of varied production and tastes the superior found a better satisfaction for their appetites by making the inferior work for them than by eating them directly. This is civilization.' The Forbes Times 'says a'new pest has just re vealed) itself, and that too, at a time when the pasture grounds of our sheep and cattle are but Very scantily supplied with herbage of any kind whatever. In ordinary winter seasons jlie growth of trefoil in this district is immense, reaching a foot and eighteen inches in height, and frequently mown and stacked for Bummer me.' -Daring the' recent dry winter, however, it barely managed to reach more than an inch or. two above ground; and now, short and crisp with- a burning sun upon it, it is found to be swarming with aphis. Even hungry cattle seem to look upoti it with loathing, and upon walking through it lumdreds of the anitnalculav may be discovered clustering around' one's boot soles. ? ? ' A blacksmith was summoned to a country court as a witness in a dispute between two of his workmen.. The judge, af\er hearing the testimony, asked him why he did not advise them to settle, as the costs had already amounted to three times the disputed stun. He-replied : ' I told the fools to settle | -for I said the clerk would take their coats, the lawyers their, shirts, and if they got into your Honor's court, yofi'd skin 'em. 