LOCAL NEWS. I THE GRKAT NOBTHKBN RAILWAY EXTENSION. We said, in our last issue, that we should like to kriow how Mr Wakeford. contractor for the Grout Northern Railway extension, has fared at the ha ds of the Government, in his application for an enlarge- ment o: his contract time. The Herald of Friday I supplies the answer to our query. Ir says:-"Mr I Wukefoid, of the Norther .line, asked foran exten- sion of twelve months, which was allowed." COMPLIMK TABY CONCERT TO MB KINO II DLKV. -The farewell cotnplimenur entertainment to Mr. King Hedley which takes place to-night, at the Victoria Theatre, promises to be the most succeB-ful performance ever gi ven by the Amateurs of Maitland. The programme is a really good on« and should speak for itself. Now songs are introduced in the minstrel portion of the entertainment, and gome choice items are included in the second part The scenes from Hamlet have been well rehearsed, new dres3e« have been prepared to represent the affair in a complete manner; fresh «cenury has been painted to give proper effect, and the ghost t-ceneB will be accompanied with limo light effects. The farce is BUM to go wall and create plenty ot amuse , mont as it is a good onf, and all the characters ars [ well up in their respwctivo parts. The attendance 1 will undoubtedly b i a very large one aa a great number of tickets have been taken, and very few seats in the drees cireie now remain unreserved. , The performance of the West Maitland Volunteer Band will form a pleasing feature in tin entertain- ment. HANDSOME BANNEH.-There was on view on Sa- turday iu the Bhow-room of Mr. W. It. Norman, High street, a very handsome banner belonging to St. Mary's Sunday School. The banner in question is six feet by four feet seven inches, and is composed of double silk. It ia blue, with ii» edging of yellow. Near the edge n second line of gold encircles the banner, within which the printing is placed, the lettering also being done in gold On one aide are painted the words-" St. Mary's Church of England, West Mutti «ud," and underneath in two curved lines-"Truin up a child in the way li» should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it. Prov. xxii., 0." On the other side in the centre is niiinted very artistically the Austra- lian coat of arms, with its motto, " Advance Aus- tralia;" and uniierneath, iu large gold letters, the words, " Advance Australia." The banner altogether ia a very handsome one, and «as made at the estab- lishment of Mr. Davis, of Sydney. The cost of the banner in Sydney was £l'¿, the whole of wbibb amount waa collected by the chi.drea belonging to the school. The anuual treat of the school takes place this dity, when the juveniles will have an opportunity of displaying their haudsome banner, of which tbey may well be proud. ETHIOPIAN ENTERTAINMENT - An entertainment of the above character was given in the School of Arts, West Maitland, on Saturday evening, by mem- bers of the crew of the steamship Maitland, The object of the entertainment was to raise funds to erect memorial atones over thoir deceased shipmates Thomas Luxton and Ch-irles Wilson, who were drowned from thestoamer in the Ki var Hunter some short time ago. There was . very small audience, which was no doubt owing to not enough publicity bfing given to the entertainment. The first part of the programme consisted of the usual " chair" busi- ness, which was followed by several song« and dances, and concluded with a farce. The songs which deserve most notice were "Dear Little Sham- rock," " Silver Tureads among the Gold," " Kiss me .Mother," and the " Union Jack." The sailor's horn- pipe by Mr. T. M'Dmald, waa exceedingly well executed. Judging I rout the applause that the dif- ieren t performers received, the audience must have been highly gratified with the efforts mude to please them. PEDESTBAINISM-WATSON V. APPLBTT,-Arrange- ments are beiug made tor a match between Mr, Wat- son of Maitland, und Mr. Applett of Parke«. Our readers already know that the latter has challenged the formur to run him two hundred yards for £300 a side, the race to be run al Parkes within three weeks from the date signing ankles. Applett also agree« to allow Watson -t'oO to cover expenses of travelling and training. Yesterday morning Watson left town for Parkes to complete arrangements and go into training. It is expected that if no hitch takes place in the agreement the race will come off on or about Saturday, the 14th October. Both men being such well known pedestrians, a good deal of interest con- sequently is taken in the match. THE MANNi.\a MAIL BOOTE.-The following letter appears in the Manning Riuer Times of Sept. 16 :-" Now that public attention has bean directed to tho necessity of a change in the Postul rou:e from Raymond Terrace to the Manning, by which I am cr, dibly informed no less than 25 or 30 miles may be saved, does it not seem strange thai the Government should persist-for so many years-m having the mails conveyed by such a round about way ona over such country as lies between the Manning and Gloucester. Thousands of pounds have been spent in endeavouring to make the road passable be- tween this placa and the Terrace ; and I hoar that between Tinonee and Gloucester work is being done which involves a large expenditure without any commensuiate advantage to the public ; it is very well known that there is very little truffle upon this almost break-neck ro.d to Gloucester. People will not travel over it if they can uvotd it ; at best it is wearisome and dangerous and without inhabitants (except kangarooB and wild cattle) to buccour the way-w^rn traveller in time of need. I call the making of this highway in times past down right intatuation or perhaps something worse; then why continue it ? I am sure that tor many years past the number of inhabitants who have located themselves upon this river, the Hastings,the Macleay, &c;, deserve more consideration from the Govern- ment as regards postal communication, let alone the inconvenience which tiavellars are subject to in hav- ing to journey from the Manning two days, when one would be quite sufficient to accomplish a trip to the Terrace. It is quite evident that the report of an official is of more consequence in the eyes of the Government than the earnest petitions and prayers of au intelligent and industrious community, ' - ' 