THE RIXSON MURDER. The Maryborough correspondent of tlio Brisbane Telegraph, writing on the 2-lth ult., says The night after the inquiry as to the sudden death here of a woman named Rixson (when a verdict of death from natural causeB was returned), a man named Adnmson, going homo across the reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter I assure you the man doos not. He becomes fightablo if you but smile when he narrateB his experience. This is what he saw — First, what appeared like a small heap of blaek earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, aud Adamsou was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage, he walked towards tho object. As he drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration hurst out all ever his body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, aud his hat roso from his head. In tho features of the apparition he rccoguiscd those of Mrs. Rixson ! Then came a voice, " I am the murdered wife of Rixson." The apparition then placed one of its hands over its inouth, and the other on its throat, and — disappeared. Adamson does not know how long ho remained on tho reserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice, and told Jlis extraordinary experience to the police, and they, growing suspicious, ar rested Rixson and Lydia tjuipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a statement, which she has since repeated in the police court. She is not in custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage Rixson took a " down" on his wretched wife. He cohabited with her but one night. The remainder of tlio week of his weddod life he slept at the woman Quipps's lodgings. He frequently swore that lie would have the life of his wife. On Tuesday morning, 15th March, he left Lydia at six o'clock, and went to his garden to dig her sonic sweet potatoes. In about balf-an- hour ho returned, and while delivering the potatoes said, " I have been and done for my wife." The woman answered, "Good God ; I will never speak to yon again as long as my name is Lydia Quipps." Then lie held her by the windpipe, Baying, "This is tlie way I did it." Afterwards Rixson said to her, " So help my God I have not done it and left her. In cousequenoe of the additional evidence the body was ex humed, a second post mnrlem examination held, and Dr. Little on being recalled, gave it as liis opinion, gathered from tho re-ex amination and from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death by strangu lation. That is the case. Rixson seemed utterly astonished at the evidence tbe police had gathered, and it is believed that the remorse — if he is eapable of it — which visited Eugene Aram will induce him to make a full confession of his guilt. 