Music and the Drama. The facts, not otherwise Than here set down.--SHERIDAN KNOWLES. FROM Boxing Night until this present time, panto- mime, combining both music and all we have just now of the drama, have had full sway at both theatres. Time-honoured as the production of pantomimes is, the pantomimes of this generation are only the ghosts of their pantomimic predecessors. Mademoiselle Bur- leogne, sometimes with and too often without spark- ling dialogue and witty inventions to accompany her, has driven the ancient mimic mummery from the stage, in which we had to laugh at what we saw, sel- dom at what we heard. Our modern clowns are not the merry-andrews of the ancient days when "Hot Codlins" would be called for, " Tippitiwitchet" de- manded, and *'The Life of a Clown" expected for a double encore, long before one half the "f uuny" business had been done. We have no startling mechanical tricks, but a sorry substitute of card playing in which bad spelling is at one of our royal houses, even exceeded by the gross insult of exhibiting the word " police man" on the card which was to take pantaloon's exhibit' of the name of an absent member of the present Government. 'Tis only in another house where such badinage should be known to exist, at least without reprobation. So far, however, as the rest of the members of the harlequinades are concerned the degeneration is not so marked. Pantaloon shuffles and straggles and suffers as of yore, and Harlequin and Colum- bine dance with equal grace and agility ami much improved taste and skill. In tho burlesque open ings of thc pantomimes, tho 'Victoria lian decidedly thc best of it. "Snow White" continues to increase in popularity not only from its authorial merit but more from its admirable exposition. "Where cnn you find a more clever expounder of puns or " Terry Bill" rhymes than J. P. Hyde«, who is supported with such ability hy Mr. South that thc " Vinegar J 'aiVarc compelled nightly to repeat their duet and dance. Miss "Waugenheim would be even more charming and piquauto as Snow j "White would she but say her say with less hurrying speed. Her words, through travelling so fast overrun each other, and dumb show is ofteu all the listeners get for their pains. Miss AV. being so well in thc front place of public opinion need not so hurry on to main I tain it. Her vocalisation is also a little strained here and there, and perfect tune is consequently not pre served. Miss Annie Lynn, as Goklenheart, the beau tifully caparisoned Prince, comcs in for a large share of applause, but Miss Lizzie Dixon, as Rimminollino, dunces and sings so as to receive deserved applause and an un deniable encore. Her dancing is remarkably good, both before and after the transformation scene. Mr. J. .T. "Welsh, as Kokohoop, makes others enjoy thc miseries he is bound to suffer, which is all the actor can desire to do when the audience assure him of their pleasure by their applause. The transformation scene, by Mr. Setright, is watched and applauded throughout its beautiful changes, and fully deserves all the praise it has received. Thc harle quinade is enjoyed by those whose years best enable them to do so, and thc curtain falls amid the splendour I of stars, kc, kc, on ono side, and uppluu.se of rapidly departing crowds of patrons on thc other. "Beauty and thc Boast" continues to attract im mense audiences to the Theatre Royal ¡to witness its gorgeous spectacular effects during the burlesque open ing so capitally played by Mr. Andrews, HOW giving us a clue to his dignity by the wearing of a crown. Mrs. "Wooldridge, Miss Tilly Andrews, Mr. J.Simmons, and the numerous capable company at Mr. S. Lazar's disposal. One of thc chief delights of this 2>retty piece arc thc evolutions of tho Amazonian army who have no other apparent connection with thc piece than to march, and be adrmVed in BO many lights, and iu such capitally contrived positions as those arranged for them by Mr. E. M'Lean. KoM' that the lights are thrown somewhat higher than at firvt, the effects are irresistably beautiful, and elicit wann and deserved applause. The various tableaux are cleverly executed, and aro remarkably effective, although tho marcldng might bo judiciously shortened, as it is possible to liavo too much even of so good a thing as pthis Ama zonian army. Miss Alice Spencer is nightly encored for song and drum performance, thc latter of which could scarcely be excelled even bj' n hero of tho linc. Miss Spenefrr** costume is very elegant and appropriate, and silo may be congratulated upon the success of her per formance. Mr. AV". J. "Wilson's magnificent transforma tion scene is nightly revealed amid loud applause, and thc painter is almost invariably demanded " in proprio, persona" to appear. Nothing of tho kind has yet ex ceeded this scene for effect or design. Thc «ceno on tho Island of Apes is ono of tho most amusing of tho burlesque, and tho young monkeys create great fun by their imitation of thu tribe they represent. The scene itself is also very pretty indeed. The fun, after thc transformation devolves upon Mr. E. B. Russell, clown, Mr. K. M'Lean, harlequin, Mr ?-, pantaloon, and Miss Nelly Russell as columbine, by whom everything is done to " keep tho game alive." Duriug this, little M'Lean is produced from a box by the clown and afterwards dances a sword dance and Higland fling in Highland costume astonish ingly well. Blondín is imitated, as also at the Victoria, and tho usual amount of vegetable throwing and other unnecessary absurdities of thal; kind until the piece terminates amid tho noisy approbation of all who had Strength enough left iu them to express it. Tho excessive heat caused by defective ventilation has made itself apparent during' the time that tho house has boen so crowded. It waa experienced on the openiug night, but to enable audi ences to come and enjoy tho plays, if the theatre is to bo filled, thc fault is too serious not to bo quickly remedied, which it is satisfactory to know the spirited manager, Mr. S. Laxar, intends to do. Is it archi tectural skill that has built a house supposed to bo perfect in this most important respect, yet giving us an atmosphère rendering no exertion necessary to produce profuse perspiration. Tho Queen's 'Theatre, at which Ainsley Scott's Hiber nicon has been presented, has been fairly patronised during tho week, and scorns likely to bo so during its stay. Thc Mirror of England is attracting moro pcoplo as its merit becomes known, and no one goes away dissatis fied, but speaks of it as^it deserves, and recommends a visit to j'ttther Thames and his beautiful scenery to every one of his or her friends. Le Chevalier Blondín concluded his entertainments hero on Monday evening last, by giving a per formance in aid of thc Sydney charities. Tho place was very largely attended, although under tho circumstances, au opinion was expressed that it might not he so owing to tho lateness of tho season. I t is pleasing to record the reverse, and again it is the working population who so largely assisted to aid their follow workers in this "walley." No "kcr ridge people " honoured tho 'performance, so that tho charities may thank tho less wealthy portion of tho community for thc benefit they receive from thc sum of .COI Os. 7d., for which a cheque was given by Chevalier Blondín, through his secretary, Mons. Niaud, to AV. H. Stephen, Esq., Under Secretary for Lands, out of tho total gross receipts of £120 ls Dd. Le Chevalier goos next to New Zealand. In tho notice of Signor Giorgi's concert on Christmas night, at the Theatre Royal, thc name of Professor AV. 1<\ lloncke, who obtained the only vocal encore of tho evening, mid who saugthreo buss solos as well, was in advertently omitted. FIGARO. 