t^gl^N^pjiiiPl m iJf.ir fee -j*. — Ifti -i, »-t «^ €HAF3Pi&XU;^CoS«nrKB.5 .».^ At this moment tbere was a load Ksoctang at ?aiedooT.' Theeervante had «U gone, for Dacre had. told them theit presence was no longer' required on that evening, i ? Come in!' said Dacre. In walked the Dean. Addressing himself to T»»/»« hn fltwkB Aii follows, in a ouietand irentle I manlike tone of voice:— 'I hare not for monK j years past beard so great a noise in the court ; aw!' I during your occupancy of these rooms, Mr. ©acre, i I must say that the ? ' I 'Itua is my pluck-pirty, sir,' said Chayworth, J iatarrupting him, sod snll standing. 'Your presence here,. Mr. Chay worth,' said the Dean, -'is'theonlyescnse that I can accept for the uproar; and .1, am, very glad of this opportunity of congrntulatiag y-,u upon the event.' 1 Wny, last' year, sir, you expressed your sorrow when they plucked me; you did so, feelingly.' 'And so I should harts done tbi8 year, bad you been equally unfortunate.' * What more could they do than pluck me, sir ? Am I not plucked ?' ' Certainly not. There is s-ut one man belonging to {his College plucked; and you are not that maar' 'lathis, then, an English night P' asked Chay ? worth, 'or is it an' Arabian night? Do . I dream P Are' you the Dean, sir? and am I John Chay worth.?1 'Of course you are,' said Dacre; 'and you have passed for your degree. Wo have been practising a little deceit upon you* ' Oh I' groaned Chay worth, seating himself ; ' I wont believe it !' 'Don't make more noise than you can help, Mr- Dacre,' said the Dean, withdrawing, aad laugh ing. ; 'Don't be alarmed, sir,' eaid Chay worth: 'thiB I 'unexpected news has quite overpowered me, and t dafoed my' spirits? - : r 'it was very late before the party broke up ; but at eight o'clock on the following morning, John r Cobyworth paid a visit to West. He found the little man in bed, reading a letter be had just re ceived from his sister. ' '.What! Not up yet?' 6aid Chay worth. 'Is not I this contrary to your habit ?' : ?Yes,' replied West; 'but what with the wine that I drank, and the noise that was made, my head ached, and I could not close my eyes till long after daylight.' ' Why do you sigh ?' asked Chay worth. ? Beciuse I am unhappy.' ' What should make you unhappy?' g 'Tais disgusting position of mine— accepted as a scholar by the College, yet treated as a menial servant by all save yourself and your friends. I feel ashamed to move about within the»e walls. ' If it was not for her sake, I would le&ve; the Uni versity.' ' Wlioie sake ?' 'My sister's. Taking a degree, becoming a clergyman, and getting a curacy, is the only hope of her Baaing a nappy b.ome— a iome which «he can tell, and will teal, her own.' ? Where is she ?' JU At a school.' . .'Then she is very young?' ?? ???— d ' No ; she is nineteen.' ' i Ana at school still ?' tt 'Yea; she is an nssistant governess.' 'On a salary oj ? ? 'No aaiury ; they board and clothe her in return r, for her services.' , ' West, I came here at this early hour— an hour J? at which, you are aware, 1 do not often rise—to 'B thank you ia private for all that you have done re forme, and to pjint oat to you the ex ict nature 9y of the very grant obligations I am under to yon. id It is but right that I should do so. because it lir will, or it should, operate upon your mind jib a reason for accepting certain offers of mine which he I am about to make. I, too, have often thought of the awkwardness and unpleasantness of your ''? present position, and it will give me the greatest D' satisfaction if you will allow me to alter it. -U Leave this Cj lege, and enter at some other as « : pensioner. The expenses incurred by your educi — tion I will most cb' erf ully defray: Atid remember, fT Wen, if it had not been fur your efforts, I should have been here for several j eira to come, perhaps, and then not hate succeeded in getting a degree £hink of lhat, West— only think of that. Don't . stay here ; no to Downing, or to Trinity Hall, or he t0 Jesus, or Corpus, or-any other gentlemanlike . institution, where you would be more comfortable. What do you mean by that sigh ? Will you not accept my offer ? If you will not, it is because ~7 one kind of pride is stronger than another kind of 'S- Dride.' 'How much would my education cost you be tween this and the time of t .king my degree, two years hence?' ' Well, my boy, let us put it down at J250O.' 'Tae very sum!' exc'.aimel the little m*n, be rieiog up is his bed, and taking 3 firm hold of Chay worth's wrist. 'The very identical sum!' _ ' Identical 8um for what ?' ' But I do not ask it as a gift. I ask it as a loan ^' repayable bjg instalments during a period of ten; e-* years ; for I would live as quietly and as econo mically as possible, and save evtry farthing.' : 'You surely do not wibh to -embark in busi .„ ness? ' Oh, bo ! I wish to enter the army, and the price ? of a commission in the line w £5dO— so the General told me.' 4 : 'Are you serious, my dear bay?' said Chay worth, &?' kindly, Aad rising from the chair upon which we P sat. ? Yes,' eaid West. 'Something .tells me that I \- was not destined for the pulpit, or for the court, but for the camp and the battle-field. I dream of no military glory and renown. Give me the means of becoming a soldier instead of a minister 1' cried the youth, ecstatically, large tear-drops standing in3 in his.eyes— 'Give ma the means, and ? * md 'West; the -means will be at your service the day after tirtawrow; tont ? ' ~^_ 'God be thanked!' exclaimed the. poor youth, bursting into teais, and raising Lis little arms above bis head. 'Oh., God? the dream of my life ftp from caildhood up is raalieel !' ',' ,wn -'But it requires interest as well as money to ell- obtain a cjmmia.iou, West. They have hot a ore counter at the Horse Guards over wnich tbeyre old ceive the noteB and gold, and give you the piece of isln parchment ia return.' - (t: ; Tknow that, Chtyworth; I know that. The lA8. interest I have always had, but not the capital r With the ability to buy, myjiame will be in the Gazbttb before the expiration of one month,' ?Tueh the Arrangement will be-a verry pretty for one,' said Chay worth, laughing; 'you have given lier, me the means of getting into the Church, and I ses, wi 11 give you the means ot getting into the ara j . You present me with h»H-a-Qozen white neckcloths the and some bands, and I present you with a sword ; '. and there we wi;l go, cutting our way tbrongb life lon- with our respective weapons.' ?'???? - ? ry » ? On I how my heart palpitates,' said little West. 'It gives me some pain. Alas!— ,, ,.,,.?-? In medic toate lepocum— «arg ? ?' 'Enough! enough of that!' cried Chay worth. \- 'Vll toon satisfy you that military skill would be of ?email avail against physical force, if you ever talk to me in Latin or Greek again, Those languages I often wished 'dead* in reality; and now, so far as I am concerned; they . are bo, and any what is more, they may be something else for≪ I care. I feel at this moment (ike a mute .returning from b funeral,, with a clay pipe in one hand, ani a tafikard of strong ele in the other.' -? ?j . 'Js jt .real?1 said West, looking anxiously itf Chaywprtii'B facB. ' Can.it ke possible?' ? ? ? For my part. I piinnot believe it,' was the reply, ?ai 'Ami dreaming?* - ., -r\\-( ?AmlP' i;i- ' ' It is a r^JSiitajESb *n yo* SMhd-can oteSa The little man's head fell back upon hia pillow. He closed his ey«; fte action of the.Udscansed the tears to oom fcutUnd,triiiUi:SW«iili|f*al% cheeks; there was a sweet smile play ing about hW mouth fine expression upon his face -was that which hovers over the features of a woman who . has^nslfiiven birth to her flratchild. ? r fttM#r«e critics who have contended that that iine'bi Byron's— . | *~ The iSpture of reposB was there— , ;, j iasonsenBe, inasmuch as there, can fee no rapture 1 in repose; butcould they have seen little West lying on bis bed.uon that morning, and the burly John Chayworih bending over him, they would . possibly have retracted tueir opinion, so dogmati- j cally expressed. ? j CH4PTB8 XIV. , CHAYW0BTH TAKXjS HIS DBPABTDEE J^OM , . CAMBBIPGB. A large number of. pereons-^townsmen as well as gownsmen -met; at ta« Hoaps to see Mr. Cbny worthofffbn ttie'occasion of his leaving the Uni versity; and very many were rather sorry than - glad of ais suceesJ, since it. vould, deprive them of bis'vcompariy. ' Borcber, the gyp, was sorely moved when the poacb.'wa8 out of sight; and as for Mrs. :Croppitt, sae, cried bitterly. 'It is a thousand dities, sir,' she remarked to Becklese, on returning to his rooms, '.that he should betaken away from ue. We are so nsed to, him; we have known him so long; it seems like coming from the funeral of a dear relative or friend ; and we feel it all the more, coming, as it did. bo unex p^cted', for no oae ever thought «b be would ever ;et through. But God be with him, kind-hearted gentleman, that he is ! He has lett me DiB old-cap and gown, and his tops and cords and pink— the identical ones that got him once into trouble, when his tutor seized them from hie servant's hands, and he threatened to bring an action at law for their recovery— and Bo long as I live I wijl.iieyerpajt with any of them. ,1 feel so -nervous to-day, sir, I am not able to do my work properly. I wonder Mr. Westwasnot attueooachtoBee himoff; but perhaps he thinks he hascoacaed himenough. He is a darliftg iittle man,that-3fri West ; «nd how he lovesyoui l».be sure, Bif,' ,,':'! ', '[' .['. ; ' ?'* ' Do you really think bo, WAV Croppitt ?' rasked Beckiess, carelessly, for he war welt assured of tb'e iact. '.?? ; ?'. ,-. ? .-'? ? - .'.'.; 'Think so, sir '. who could' doubt it? MnchiiB he liked aud reBpeeted Mr. Cbaywortb, he was not ' half so fond of Jiiinashe is of you. . Whiie you; were awa'y at Christmas,. hB 'was always talking' about you. He told me one morning 'that you' were' the half of his soul, and that he would suffer the most horrible death to save your life. Ami I believed him, Me. Bjckless There is a btii heart' and a fiery spirit in that little ; body ^it. Toe old geutlemm himself would not daunt that little Mr. West.' 'That's true, Mr-. Croppitt,1 laid Backless. ' Yes ; he proved tttat it was true, last long vacs,-, tion, in August, before you came up. You have' heard of it, of coarssj' 'No; what did he do?' ' Well, I will tell you, sir, . But you must suffer me to take a little sherry, for 1 am rather Dver c ome.' -? ? ' ....'..: 'Fray do,' said Backless, who by tbis time was sipping his hot teaandmuBChinghie anchovy toast. ' You remember what I told you when- 1 first came, into these rooms, Mrs. Croppitt?' 'Yes, sir; and I have never abused your confi dence. W.ben'I have really Wdntedaglass'of wine, I have always taken it.' : Having soothed her nervous system, which was truly and honestly shaken by the departure of Cjayvrorth, Mrs. Croppitt proceeded as loliowe : — 4 1 ab.- l^niv.wfLnfttinn -fltr..AAVATAl Aanr.lnlnitan i«ThA were staying up, took itinto their heads to play off all sorts of practical jdKes, Hot only on the DotiB, but the Undergraduates. One gentleman they frightened out of his wits, and he was obliged to go sway, and the doctors think he will never recover. hUjSenses.' ' I never heard oi -.hit, Mrs. Croppitt,' ' Bui it is a f tict.sir. Tn«y went w iiassaroai'a and bought a big figure of a woman's face— they c tiled it a 'cast of Kve.' .The face was very big aad very beautiful. Taey broke the figure, and made a mask of -the face, and with a small chisel they took out the eyes, eo that the wearer of it cauid see. Then one man pat it on, and then get' upon tb'e shonliiers of another/man, ia tall man, nnd over the both of them' was' thrown atablecloth. This gave the appearance ofa ghost about eight feet high. It had— this; figure I mean— the most frightful appearance you can imagine, sir.' 'Did.youaeeit?' -,.-?'.;?-? ' Yes, sir, I attended on two of the gentlemen ; but, of course, I said nothing about it when the trial came on, and they were all rusticated ; for you see, sir, a bed-maker has no business to Bee or talk about all that goe« on in the rooms of gentle men. ' Well, sir, t&ey; went about frightening people out of their lives. Even the. porters at the gate were in dreadful lear of this ghost, and for a whole week few gentlemen liked to go out of their rooms after dork.' 'Nonsense!' ?'..-? '''.'?:? ' His a fact, sir; and if you had seen it, even iu the broad daylight, you might have Vieen frigh tened.' -??-.? '????. ? ; ?Well?' -'? ' . ?? ?????;?? ??-?-? ? 'Well, bit;, they frightened the pentleman i spoke ot— and a fine, tall, strong, s:o it gentleman be was — completely out of Ids senses; for they BtoDDBd him in the : screene. , and I'id hands onon him gently. He roared out ;?' Murder f in urder J murderi' and the whole College was pretty soon in an uproar, fie was quite insensible when found; and Mr. Su-ibury, the doctor, is of opinion that he will be insane for the rest of bis'Mfe.' ' ' Well ; but what about West ? ' Did they eo to him?' ?Jam comiag to that, sir. Tes, they did pay a visit to Mr. West af«w nights afterwarde. He was reading in Wb looms when they tapped at thp door. 'Cjme in'' ^aid he; s&d; in they went and stood before him; the two of them as one splctral figure,1 eight feet high.' 'If you wteA^n-Baiili Mr.. West, llI desire yoa to go; if you a-e'a'8pu«t, I beg to say I dislike spirits; and 76m will oblige me_ by leaving, me to my studies.' Instead of acting on this, they began to siog something: about ' Black Epirits and white,wnitespiritsand grej;' whereupon the Uttle gentleman, sprang up: from his chair, rushed to a corner of the room, grasped hold or athick stick, and laid it into the ankles of the tall, man, who dropped the man upon hie shoulders, who, when he fell, broke the mask upon bis face, which braised him badly. And there was a scene, to be sure! The little Mr. West then trundled them but of his room and down the staircase before you could coan t ten, sir, throwing their gowna'and table-cloth after them, I;4idnt bear .thu from the little gentleman him-' self; he never epoke of it. I heard it from tbe geuUeaen who each acted a patt of the great shoBt, They said he waB by far the bravest man Fa all Trinity College, and that, what was more, he bad the. strength of a demon.' ? A what, Mrs. Croppitt?' , ? A demon,- sir. ' They wi that, when his blood was up^he pushed them about as though they bad tae 1 a pair of dwarfs and he a giant' . While the conversation above detailed was being held, little Mr; West was writing letters in hte garret. The first was to his Bister ; the second to tthe General,' his f rlBrid and patron, who had done so much for him. Hahad scarcely finished, sealed, and directed these epistles, when EeckleBs knocked leualy at hi 8 outer door, and shouted out, ' Vest ! West! ho! West!' The little man opened the door, and bade bis friead enter. %hWh»Potd|taiWso^ %J} »^oJiSjSd^S8^J-niU«^3niplete% ' I wish you to go over to Bury with me.' 'I will go anywhere with J3p^£ut what shall we do there.' — ., ? ???...? ? 'Yes. I promised Mr. Smith, the jnanager of the Iforwicti»Compftny, ,tbftt J would play is a I intend to keep my wortL He has written to meto-day, and says that the pjay^ ie fixed- for to night.' .VJ1-. ij\\., ? I'-f , 'This will lead you into troublcrBeck.less.' i .- ' ..'lcauntitheipit/ 'Will you c5nse with me?' ' \- 'Ytsa; nud I will take care of you while we are absent. Ah! my dear Bepkless, 1 shall jet be you? senior ^fieer.'i I t * -; '-!' ?? 'flWV WBaraoyou&ean;?1;' 'A ': -' 'Thai I will uiBclose to you when the proper time ' Ax noon, off drove Backless and West to Bury is h gig, Reckless was borwi to find room for his long lags, while those of West scarcely touched the floor of the vehicle. Mr. Jordan, the livery stable keeper, of immortal memory, had. pro vided them with a very light, small, and compac conveyance, but a very tall, powerful, and ewil t- footed horse, , ? We shall be rusticated for this affair,' said. West, when they were fairly on the road. ' I have a presentiment that we shall be rusticated for this.' ?Have you?' 'Yes; bat I do not care.' 'How'iinRt,West?: Here the little man informed his companion of what Chay irorta bad promised to do by way of ad vancing .£500, the price of a commission. ' Hooray !' cried Bsikless ; ' hooray ! But £500 told me that my ..commission and outfit would amount to something like .£1000.' 'Yes,' said West; 'and so leave reconciled my self to a line regiment.' . . 'I wish you would come out to India, -West. By the way, 1 had a letter from Leonora this morning; she tells me th&t; tbey,are going Jo leave England much earlier than she expected; ani, to' te*U you the truth, whether rusticated or not,;T *tial! go home for a short while about the middle of next month, and not return to the University. The dose that I have had of college life has been a email one, but it hag done me an immense deal: of good; 1 have learnt a great deal-not out of books, but from the men with whom I have asso-i ctated. And so pleasantly has my time passed, that if it were not that I must go, and stay for awhile near dear I/wnoravandi my relations, i would certainly remain for at least a year longer. Brief as my;career has been, I'shall always look' back toit with very jagreeablefeeliDge.' — . I'And I to mine, notwithataadiag I have spent many a srretcbedhoiir within the walls of that old c6urt4n which, we Weep. Yaajsaid isomethjng aXput goieg to India?' '' ' T' ' ' iu *'-? ; 'Aad then ran on about Lsbnora aBd.n^yself. 'Fijririv# me this egotism' ,..-., , ,,.: '.^ .. .' ' '. 'O£ course, I forgive you. .'. If you go to India— that is is to eay, if you join a legimeat now quar tered in that country —i will do the Bame.' .. , ? ' Is that a compact ?' ;?««.*?-?: ;?? ????'?.?'?'... 'And before we leave England you will come to the Cistle, and bo introduced to nil my people — father, 'mother, brothers, and sisters. Two of my siaters are very handsome, girls, »pd J should not be -it all *ur prised if you were to fall in'lpve with i ' And sigh hopslessly forthe jaaiainde|,df jej life?' ? .- --.- ';&»,^l.-: ' ' Well, you have already told me that you- would like to lore as did Tasso and Potmen. What were those line you quoted?' . *,.- ?-'. ' Have you forgotten them alteaay?; ;Ihey*ere these:- ? ?'* ?1'J- « , ' ? ? \ . .-.--.? *a! '$%??? '?'?- Saseemful love may ra*« itself :;(av»y—'v '?' TDh« wretched only ate ibftjaiihtul. -- ' 'I remember the.olhere,' .6aidt£ecklees, geatly urging on the hone. „+,? , . Yes, Lsonora! It shall be our.fate -'??' . -, To ba entwined for ever— bat tpo late ! 