EXTRAORDINARY ASSAULT CASES. The following report of the "Ghost Case," heard at the Williamstown Police Court on the 29th ult., was held over from last week:- Richard Hamond, the Inspector of Nuis- ances, was complained against by Mary Ann McGregor, a married woman, for assault, and also for £20 damages. Mr. Roberts appeared for complainant, and Mr. Harcourt for defendant. Mr. Roberts said this was a very extraordi- nary case, inasmuch as no man in his senses would have committed such an assault as the defendant was guilty of. Something had been said in the town about this being a ghost case; but there was nothing in it affecting ghosts more than emanated from the Inspec- tor's brain. He had been down to Simson's slaughterhouse, and perhaps had something there that put ghosts into his head. Mrs. McGregor said that on the evening of the 21st August she was at the North Wil- liamstown station at about nine o'clock to call her children. She was leaning over the Sta- tion fence, close to the station. There was a lamp not far off. She saw the Inspector coming up the road from Simson's. He had some fowls in his hand. He passed her and had gone by a little distance, when he turned back and struck her a severe blow on the head with a stick. She had not said a word to him before that. The blow caused the wound she exhibited to the Court - a contused wound on the head, her face being also discoloured. She had a slate coloured dress and a white petticoat over her head at the time of the assault. To Mr. Harcourt : It was not raining but the dew was falling, and it was cold; that was why she had the petticoat over her head, She was quite sober. Hamond never said a word. He simply hit her on the head with the stick. She knew Constable Watchorn, and had a conversation with him on the sub- ject of the assault. She spoke the truth then, She did not see Mr. Hamond going down the road earlier in the evening. She went out to call her children, and had her petticoat over her head. It was not very dark, nor was it very light. She was not stooping down be- hind the fence, nor did she jump up and say " boo." She was certain she did not. He did not say anything to her, nor she to him before he struck her. Dr. Figg had seen her the same evening; she had nothing to drink from the time of the assault to Dr. Figg see- ing her. Dr. Figg saw Mrs. McGregor on the 21st August, and examined the wound upon her head. It was a contused wouud, evidently inflicted with such an article as a stick. It was a tolerably deep wound, accompanied with slight effusion of blood. The blow would have a stunning effect, and would not be ac- companied with very great pain. She was never in very great danger. Mr. Roberts; You are still in attendance upon her? Dr. Figg : She happens to be a club patient and I am therefore obliged to attend. She would not send for me if she had to pay 7s. 6d a visit. Mr. Roberts asked how long it would be before the wound would be thoroughly healed. The doctor replied that it would probably be a fortnight. Mr. Roberts: Had this been warm weather, it might become serious. Dr. Figg : The prick of a thorn might be- come serious. (Laughter.) Mr. Harcourt: Was she sober when you saw her first? Dr. Figg : She was at the intermediate stage - a stage of simi-development. (Laugh- ter.) Mr. Roberts : This was half-an-hour after the assault, I believe. How long after the assault would she suffer from the stunning effects it produced? Dr. Figg ; It might have affected her intelli- gence for two or three hours. Andrew Bowman, porter at the North Wil- liamstown staton, said that on Monday night, the 21st inst., at about a quarter-past nine o'clock, he saw two of Mrs. McGregor's chil- dren and a boy named James Lancaster on the station. One of the children said "Oh ! here's a ghost," and the boy Lancaster called out to witness "Oh! here's a ghost at the fence." He thought by the tone in which they spoke that they were playing. As he looked round he saw the Inspector in the act of bringing his stick down on Mrs. McGre- gor's head. Witness then turned his lamp on the person and saw beyond doubt that it was the Inspector and Mrs. McGregor. As he was in the act of striking, one of the chil- dren said "Oh! it's mother." The Inspector walked away. Witness asked what was the matter, and Mrs. McGregor said "This man has struck me." She had her shawl or her petticoat over her head, and when she took it down he saw that her head was bleeding. When the Inspector brought the stick down it made such a rap that witness thought it struck the fence instead of the woman's head. She was quite close to the station, about 14 feet from the wicket gate, and seven or eight yards from where witness was standing. She was on the opposite side of the fence to the Inspector. He did not consider it an unusual thing for Mrs. McGregor to be out without her bonnet and with a shawl over head - his wife often came to him of a night at the station in that way. To Mr. Harcourt: He knew Constable Watchorn. Had never told him he did not see the assault, but came up just afterwards. Thomas McGregor, a boy of 11, was called; but as he said he could not read or write, and was under the impression that boys who told lies went to heaven he was not examined. Jane McGregor, agirl of about 14, daughter of the complainant, said she was playing about the station with her brother and Lan- caster on the night of the 21st, when her mother called her. While she was going to her mother Mr. Hammond came through the gates towards the town. He passed through the wicket gate, and after he went on a bit he came back to where her mother was standing, and said "You are the one that has been playing the ghost all the time," and struck her on the head with a stick. He then walked straight away towards the town. To Mr. Harourt: It was she who called out "here's a ghost." She did not know why she called it out; her mother had been out before with a white petticoat over her head, but she had never spoken of her as a ghost before. She knew it was her mother, because she had been across and spoken to her, and had then gone back for her brother. Arthur Bates, who did not know Mrs. McGregor prior to the 21st, said that on that night he was passing through the station gates, when he saw a person stooping down beside the fence. "At the same time he heard a girl call out "Oh, Jimmy, Jimmy, come and see the ghost." The person stood up to allow him to pass. It was Mrs. McGregor, who said "It's only me, playing with the children." In a few minutes he returned the same way. He then saw Mrs. McGregor standing up talking with Bowman. Her head was bleeding. She had been struck in the meantime. He did not mistake her for a ghost - she was rather a substantial ghost. (Laughter.) This was the case for the complainant. Mr. Harcourt then addressed the Court for the defence. He said that the evidence which had already been taken apart from that of the complainant, tended to bear out the Inspec- tor's version of what occurred. It was evi- dent he had been seen going down to Simson's early in the evening, and as from the nature of his duties he was held in anything but fa- vour by goat owners, the complainant kept watch for him, and tried to frighten him in the manner described on his return. It was unreasonable to suppose that a woman of her years would go out in such away at that time of night to play with the children, whom she said she went to call in. She evidently in- tended to scare the Inspector by counterfeit- ing a spectre ; and in striking the figure the defendant did what almost anyone in his posi- tion would have done. Mr. Hamond said he knew Mrs. McGregor: he had two or three of her goats in the pound six weeks or two months ago. He remem- bered the 21st inst., the day of the assault. About six o'clock in the evening he passed Mrs. McGregor's house on his way down to Simson's slaughter house. A dog rushed out after him, and he called out for someone to call the dog off; but he did not know who it was. He was returning about nine o'clock, and got as far as the North Williamstown gates. As he was going through the gate, someone all in white, jumped up on the other side close to him and called out "Ooh," at the same time spreading out the hands. In a moment, he raised his stick and struck at it, He then went straight on. He believed he said as he was going away, " I'll make you remember the ghost." He had a pair of fowls in one hand and the stick in the other, He was startled when the figure jumped up, as he did not see it before that at all. He had no idea what it was - whether a man or a wo- man. It was very dark. To Mr. Roberts: He did not have a glass of rum at Simson's. He believed he was na- turally rather a nervous man. He did not feel nervous when passing the Cemetery -- he did not take the tombstones for ghosts. He thought it was someone playing him a trick, as he heard three or four persons laughing on the station. Constable Watchorn stated that he had two conversations with Bowman on the subject of the assault, in the presence of Constable Arm- strong. On the first occasion Bowman said be did not see the assault, but saw what oc- curred immediately afterwards; on the second occasion he said he saw the blow struck. Samuel Fowler was called and stated that he remembered Mrs. McGregor's goats being impounded a couple of months ago. She was then standing in the Council's yard, and said she would split the Inspector's head open with an axe if she caught him up her way again. Constable Armstrong corroborated Constable Watchorn's statement, and Bowman ex- plained that on the first occasion he was never asked whether he saw the assault or not. At any rate he did see it. The Bench retired to consider the case, and on returning to the Court, Mr. Mollison said the magistrates had given this case their best consideration, and they thought that in the first case, in which the defendant was com- plained of for unlawful assault, which might be followed by fine or imprisonment, the evi- dence did not warrant a conviction; but that in the second case in which he was proceeded against for damages, an order ought to be made in the woman's favour. His action was at any rate exceedingly hasty. The majority of the magistrates thought the evidence sup- ported the presumption that the Inspector retraced his steps a few paces before he struck the blow, and had time to collect his senses. He must have known that he was on the pre- mises of the station, with men close at hand who could go to his assistance, if any violence were offered to him. He also must have known that the figure was either a man or a woman, and he should not have given so vio- lent a blow under any circtumtances. He was adjudged to pay 4Os; for damages, and £3 5s, costs. 