The Hau&ted; Camp. As I stood and listened I heard tho earth-deadened sound of" a pick's regular blows into tho soil, and after a bit I fbncied I could also hear the panting of the eager workor as his heart eohoed and re-ochoed each blow from his arms. In ono momont or loss tut? wuuuur uuhneu iuiu luj uraiu. wiuit Cloland was driving for before reaching the, bottom, which I know lay nt a con- sidorable depth in the neighbourhood ; antMKbaven knows to what conclusion myxnonishment would have tendod had I not beon startled almost into an exclamation by a hand .being laid on j my arm. " Silence !" whispered a voioe, and I looked around to see Beeco tho carpen- tor leaning over me, with a face as white as my shirt ; his eyes were fixed on some object on the other side of the shalf, and of course mino followed thorn. I have told you th'atOleland appeared to be driving towards the haunted jock, anil that I could see the light fiom his drive, where I was stooping. Consequently I wag on tho opposite side of the shaft from the rock, and when Hooked up, my eyes went straight to it. At that sido it was a high and broken boulder, with deop shadows and thick shrubs growing at its base, and moonbeams resting broadly on its silent white patches. Between us and the rock with its shading bushes stood tho old pedlar, the moonlight lying fully on his whito and wrinkled visage. Ho had no hat on his head, and hs I first saw him tho swelling night breeze was lifting the long white hair as it straggled owr his neok. He appeared to be gazing intently at us, and his hand still hold tho well-known strap of his box, that lay on- the grass at liis'feet. Every item was so distinctly visible that it was impossible for tho most vivid imagination to have worked them all out of nothing. I could see tho detorminod got of the old man's lips, and actually tho glitter of his eyes as they met mine. The very motal on tho corners of the brass-bouud box glitterod in the moonlight, and yet lor a moment I thought I must be dreaming. Beeco's grip on my arm tightened, and I rose involuntarily, drawing back from the bolo as I did so. The diggor was coming up by tlie foot- bolds ho had formed, for the purpose, and it so happoned that the last ono brought him face to face with the pedlar. He had risen so high that one of his feet was actually on tho sward, when he saw the spirit and then ho became instantly rigid as though arrosto'd by the hand of death. God only knows of what the wretched man thought as ho looked his last living look into that stony face ; it was hut tho gaze of an instant, but, like' tho drowning man's last moment, in it may have been concentrated tho re covered memories of a whole life time. rfJBpre was no doubt but that ho TKbgnised his poor old victim, and saw in him tho avenger of blood, for with ono wild heart-rending call to his Maker for help, he lost his balance, and foil baokward down the shaft. There was a reality in the sound of the body as it reached the bottom with a dull thud that aroused in both Bocce and myself something like sense, and recalling at the instant tho unsubstan tially of tho speotro, wo would doubt less have forgotten about him for tho moment in a haste to assist the fallen man; but astonishment utterly pre vented ns. The pedlar dropped the strap of his box, and darted towards us, undoubtedly a man in tho flesh, and no visitant from the other world. With an activity one would have thought beyond bis ago ho dropped down the shaft, and as we watched him lifted tho digger's head until a ray of the light still burning in the drive fell , upon it and illuminated its awful pallor : then ho lot it drop again and called up. "The man is dying! You will find a rope in his tent — bring it here." Beeco seemed still stupefied with astonishment, and .Iran for the rope, and threw the end of it .down to tho pedlar, who rapidly secured it around the body, and in. a few minutes the digger was lying on the grass with .'three living men around him, but he 1 was dead. ' ... " Beeco," said old Sam, looking into the carpenter's doubting face, "don't you know old Sam yet ; Feel that—it's sound flesh and blood, old friend," and he laid his hand in the other's. ; " It seems as if 1 couldn't believe it," saidBeece. "You have been dead to . us all those years, Sam; and I, can ( hardly believe yot that you wore not murdered." "I was murdered," lio answered; " and there lies he that muvdorod me. But sit down for a minute and I'll toll you all about it." I stooped down and oxaminod tlib doad man as Beoco and tlio living ghost sat on the grass, and whou I had satis fied myself that ho was indeed Sast all aid, I sat down too, and stened. ; _ _ And it was a strange sensation to sit there and listen to - tho story of a murder told by tho lips of the murdered man on tho spot whore the crime was committed 6o"manyye..rs ago and which had been haunted ground so . lonjJjp- '!3ou remember bow I left your place that morning to catch tlio" coach," said tho old man. " AVlien I roachod this spot I sat down by the rook and took the strap of my box over my head to altar tho buoklo which I had found hurting my shoulder as . I oaine down tho hill. Scarcely had I sat thoro a momont wlion a swagman, who had evidently beon rosting on the other side of tho boulder, came round and stood by mo. I neod not describe him, for it was this villain that lies dead boforo us though a bad conscience has altored him sadly sinco then. " Good morning, old follow,", ho said, abruptly, as ho laid his swag down and shiftod tho pick and shovel he oarried over his shoulder, tho ono strung on the other. " You'll bo able to give a poor follow a lift with all that swag you carry about with you. I darosay you're worth a mint of money, and I'm as poor ns a rat." " It's nono of your business what I'm worth," I said, " and as for a lift, if its money you men I'd throw it in tho creek boforo I'd give a penny to a lazy rasoal who would ask it so impudently," I nnswored, for being so noar your plnco, and so early, in tho morning I wasn't a bit afraid. I remember no moro but the horrible flash of the bright pick as it was lifted and foiled mo insonsiblo, and when I came to myself I was lying, if you will como with mo I will show you whore." He led us to the rock itself, and draw ing haok one of tho bushes showed us a cavernous space hollowed out under tho very bed of tho boulder, - as it were "liaising myself, 'wonderingly, when I came to my BsnseB I found myself lying there whore I had .follon with some convulsive movement of returning consciousness, and when I set up and peeped out I saw tho swagman burying my box, hastily, just there near that bush. "I found out afterwards that the fool in his hurry to bury the box which ho was afraid to carry away, had not noticed you until you wore so near that ho bad no time to dispose of what ho : supposod to be my dead body, . and; I was doubtless in another swoon whon ' you' saw what you thought was the evidonco of my murder. " When I finally recovered myself, I recovered also my box, and caught tho coach as I had at first intended. I lay six months in hospital after that, and it was my first visit to this spot that frightened one of the neighbours, and suggested to mo the plan I have carried out. Some day or other I hoped that tho villian would venture hack to un earth his plant, and I have waited for years for my revenge, but it has come at last, and thoro ho lies." We found afterwards that Cleland, as ho called himself, had boen ' convicted of another robbery and imprisoned for so many years — that he had been but ono month at liberty when ho ventured to unearth his plant. Binding tho camp so noar, he had sunk tho shaft, and was trying to drive under tlio buried box when the. supposed spirit and the hole became the moans of his oarthly retribution. 