[?] The pantomime of Fortunatue. or tho Magic Purse, at the Opera House, ia, beyond disputo, one of tho moat attractive and ele gant entertainments of tho kind afforded the public for many years. In every depart ment there u observable the saui9 good ta3to, artistic excellence and completeness of detail. In no direction, ho-.verer, ia this more apparent than as regards the acenory, which, in its way, may be con Bidered as tho greatest bucccss yet achioved by Mr. Habbe. The transformation scene is a masterpiece of mechanical ingenuity. Tho first set shows a boudoir hung with lace and decorated with flowers. The front passes out of sight and discloses columbine, clown, pantaloon and harlequin po3ed in characteristic attitudes. A few chords of merry music are struck, °and they bound off the Btago. Afterwards a submarine scene fit for a mermaids' home is developed, with lovely shelh. This i3 followed by the Golden Gate, supported on brilliant pillars, round which water trickles, and miniature ?waterfalls tumble between fern groves. The glories of ths transformation scene are climaxed by -the rising of a huge sun, emitting various prismatic rays forming moving beams of light, in the- blaze of which coryphees gracefully recline. The scene of the Magic Fountain i3 also exquisitely worked up, and is quite! realistic. The Temple of Mam mon, and the Port and Harbor of Famag03ta uithe Island oi Cyprus, are equally splendid, and convey aj capital idea of the sacred re treat, devoted at one time to the mysteries of the Goddess of Pleasure. There is a rich voluptuoia glow over everything, a warmth of co|or that is in perfect keeping with the traditions of the place no less than with the plot] of the piece. Next to the .Bcenery, the Amazons carry off the palm. Whoever is responsible for the training of the young ladies in their military evolutions and marching|deserves every credit. The raiment is decidedly sparse, but aa amazons are supposed jto imitate the . sterner sex, there is no viojence done to one's notions of propriety. There cau beno doubt but thatthe Amazonian coqis constitute a leading feature in the pantoinine. Their dresses are superb, the white burnouse being a great improve ment upon tne previous exhibitions' of a similar character. No expense appears to have been spared in this direction, and the management may be fairly con gratulated upoa the result. The histrionic ability required for most pantomimes is not very / great, and that at the Opera House .forms no oxception to the rule. Still, tie little required is not want ing. Mies MjlviUe has not a very leading part, but she fis enabled to appear now and then, and shopa off her dress — not the most effective — to some little advantage. She enacts tho Mimic lavorite. 11113 ratner detracts from per merits. Her simpering and smiling may elicit applause from the ground lings, but beyjnd these the graces of person and manner a|e gauged by a diQVent stand,-, aid. Miss CUra Thompson, as King Pippin, is exquisitenefe personified; The only regret is that more scope is not afforded for the dis play of her i{any excellent qualities. Miss Jeaunie Winston has nothing to complain of as regards lur part. Ladies are said, per haps hbellonsly, to dote on leg pieces, espe cially when J they themselves form the principal character in the exhibition. IE such be tho case this amiable lady and general favorite may be congratulated. The {-art assigned her is in a measure the oading one, and the most exigeant cannot find room to' cavil at the manner in which Bhe fills it. (She dresses tastefully. That is enough to bay, considering the details of her habiliments, which are, in a measure, a shade re'moved beyond tho primitive sim plicity of Lauy Godiva, on the occasion of her ride through Coventry. The Leopolds are clover, j both male and female. If the rising! generation of thi3 dis tinguishod family could only be induced to be less anxious to shine, perhaps there would be little to cavil at, but it must be confessed tliat they rather, over weight the elder branches by their ambition to appear prominently in everything. Mr. H. Leo pold's imitation of Little Nell's eccentricities in mnnh nmiisinp. and convevs a iust robuko to those who allowed themselves to bo capti vated by the silly capering of the California Diamond. Of Frnulcin Fanny it may be said that 'age canuot wither, &c.;' She is ever youthful, as graceful as she doubtless was, how many decades ago oiie would not like to montion. But let the palm be given to morit. A more accom plished exponent of the poetry of motion has never appeared npon the Australian stage, the bold but charming Lola Montez not ex ccpted. Mr. Bracy, we believe, has had the direction of the piece in its production as stago manager. If such be the case, he too may be congratulated. Auy one ac quainted with stago matters knows how much depends upon the stago director. Not only the details, but the tone of the performance, may be charged to his account, and the tone of such things is much. It may be Bafely afiirmed that as a rule vulgarity and double entendre of an objectionable nature seldom or never enters into the spirit or letter of Mr. Bracy's management ; and if, from the inherent peculiarity of the pieco, these seem at first inevitable, they only re quire to be pointed out to have them at ouce eliminated. Froggee Would A-wooing Go continues to draw crowded houses at the Royal. It im provcB nightly as regards its mode of render ing, and will no doubt have ita allotted run with all the success the well- wishers of the management of our leading theatre could desire. Tho Fakir of Oolu is still at St. George's Hall, and is accorded a fair share of public patronage. On Saturday night last there was a large attendance, as the pro gramme for tho evening was very attractive. In addition to tho dissolving views, the en « tranced lady and tho laughablo illusions pre t seated in tho Lost Alau, thore was atao a* \ now ghost Bt'ny of a similar character, ( called the Death Warning, or the Miser's Dream. The chef iVauvrc of the evening, however, was the first exhibition of a water fall, extending nearly tho full breadth of the stage— a mimic Falls of Niagara. The liquid elem-.nt descended from the top of scenery representing a high rooky precipice, the fountain hitherto exhibited playing at the same time in front of it. When the whole was lighted up by the lime-light, and tinged with constantly varying brilliant colors, the , effcetwas mo3t chaste aud beautiful, and the vehement applau3e bestowed was thoroughly doserved. The gentlemen members of the Melbournor Deutsche Liedoitafel met on Monday, and passed a very social evening, at Hockin's Hotel. The programme was bo much to the taste of those present that nearly evory item was encored. Signor Linsetti, an Italian gentleman with a pleasant baritone voice, made his first appearance in Mel bourne, and sang an air very agreeably. Ho ia a gentleman that tho public will be glad to hear. Mr. Turner sang The Village Black smith with such excellent taste that he was encored, and gave The Scout with almost a3 much success. Mr. Madden wa3 also encored for his song, Si tu SavaiB, and on his re-appearing rendered Let me Like a Soldier Fall with the enthusiasm that might be expected from a patriot. Mr. Staker was in capital voice, and favored his ? audience with Reichardt's Thou art bo Near and Yet so Far, in the first instance, and as an encore The Anchor's Weighed. The part songs were capitally rendered, the chorus Agatha being the be3t piece of part singing ever given by the society. It was distinguished by well contrasted light and shade, and perfect harmony of voices. Heir Siede played the Carnaval de Venise as a flute solo, with all his well-known skill, and was encored in a moat pronounced manner. Mr. FoBter, the pianist of the evening, played as a solo Handel's Harmonious * Blacksmith, and acquitted himself so well that an encore was insisted on. He gave Mr. John Hill's arrangement of Molly Darling on re- appearing. His accompaniments to Hcrr Slede's flute solos were specially well played. The Amateur Orchestral Society contributed a symphony that was acceptable, though they had to make their selection rather hurriedly, in consequence of the absence of some of their members. The music-loving public of Melbourne will be glad to hear that lima de Murska (Mrs. Anderson) will return here once more. The honeymoon, we learn, terminated last week, and professional business will be resumed by Mdlle. De Murska visiting Bathurst, Orange, Singleton and Maitlaud. On the 18th inst. tho fair vocalist will leave Sydney for Melbourne. The present intention of Sig. de Vivo, heir manager, is that two con certs shall be given here, one on the 22nd and the other on the 25th inst. On the 27th De Murska will leave here for New Zea land. Tho Melbourne Jewish Literary and Debating Society gave a concert on Tuesday night in Hoekiu's Rooxns, which wa3 very well attended, the performers treating the various pieces on the pro gramme in the most creditable man ner. Mis3 K. Mose3 and Mr. T. Benjamin's fenderiug of Rossini's duet, La a daceni, deserves special notice as being decidedly : above the average amateur standard. Tho proceedings ended with a duet on a German instrument called the zither, which was done ample justice to by'Me33rs. Wiesbaden and Rosenberg. A concert in aid of the widow and child ren of the late George Noy, who was killed on.the Victorian Railways at Sunbury, was given in the Athenaeum on 13th inst. There was a good attendance, and a liberal pro gramme was gone through. The sale of tickets should result in a satisfactory sum for the beneficiares. From the Sydney papers we learn : — 'From Boxing Night until this present time, pantomime, combining both music and all we have just now of the drama, have had full sway at both theatres. Time -honored as the production of pantomimes is, the pantomimes of this generation .are only the ghosts of their pantomimic predecessors. Our modern clowns are . not the inerry andrews of the ancient days, when Hob Codlins would be called fOr,'Tippetiwitchet demanded, and the Life of a Clown expected for a double encore long before one-half the ' funny' business had been done. We have no startling mechauical trioks, but a sorry substitute of card-playing, in which bad spelling is, at one of our royal house3, even exceeded by the gross insult of exhibiting liUB WUiU pUUUUUlilll OH tu» CiUU WlUUll Wlia to take pantaloon's exhibit of the name of au absent member of the present Govern ment. Pantaloon shuHle3 and struggles and suffers as of yore, and harlequin and colum bine dance with equal grace aud agility, and much improved taste and skill. In tho burlesque openings of tho pantomimes the Victoria has decidedly the best of it. Snow White continues to increase in popularity, not only from its authorial merit, but more from its admirable exposition. Where can you find a more clever expounder of puns or ' Terry Bill' rhymes than J. P. Hj'des, who is supported with such ability by Mr. South that the ' Vinegar Pair' are compelled nightly to repeat their duet and dance. Miss Wangenheim would be even more charming and piquante as Snow White would she but say her say with less hurrying speed. Her vocalisation is also a little strained here and there, andporfect tunei3consequentlynotpre served. Miss Annie Lyons, a3 Goldenheart, the beautifully caparisoned Prince, comes in for a large share of applause, but. Miss Lizzie Dixon, as lliniminellino, dances and sings so as to receive desarved applause aud an uudeniable oucoro. ' Beauty and tho Baast continues to attract immense audience to the Theatre Royal .to witness its gorgeous spectacular efleota. One of the chief delights of this pretty piece are the evolutions of ine Amazonian army, who have no other apparent connection with the piece than to* march, and be ad mired iu so many lights, and in such capi tally contrived positions as those arranged for thorn by Mr. E. M'Lean. Now that the lights are thrown Bomewhat higher than at first, the,effects are irresistibly beautiful, and elicit warm aud deserved applause. Tho various tableaux arc cleverly oxecuted, aud are remarkably effective, although the march ing might l-o judiciously shortened, as it is possible to have too muoh even of so good a thing as this Amazonian armv. Miss Alice Spencer is nightly eucored for. her song and dru;j performance, the latter. of which could be scarcely excelled even by a' hero of the lino. Mr. W. J. Wilson's magnificent transformation scene ia nightly revealed amid loud applause, and tho painter is almost invariably demanded in propria persona to appear. Blondiu is imi tated, as also at the Victoria, and the U3ual amount of vegetable throwing and other uu. necessary absurdities of that kind until the piece terminates amid the noisy approbation of all who had strength enough left in them to express it. ' Le Cheva lier Blondin concluded his entertainments at Sydney on Monday evening, by. giving a performance in aid of the Sydney charities. The place w'as very largely at tended, although, under the circumstances, an opinion was expressed that it might not be so owing to the lateness of the season. It is pleasing to record the reverse, and again it is the working population who so largely assisted to aid their fellow workera in this 'wailey.' No 'kerridge people'' honored the performance, so that the chari ties may thank tho less wealthy portion of. the community for the benefit they receive, from the sum of £91 9s. 7d., for which a cheque was given by Chevalier Blpndin, through his secretary, Mons. Niaud, to W. H. Stephen, Esq., Under-Secretary for Lands, out of the total gross receipts of £129 Is. 9d. Le Chevalier goea next to Now'Zea land.' The following items of dramatic news oppear in the home papers : — The Opera Comique, now under the management of Mr. Burnand, has met with a proved success ' in the opening piece, written by the manager, and entitled Proof Positive. The new comedy is cortainly au . excellent piece in itself, and well represented by the new company of comedians, acting under Mr. Burnand's direction. Tho leading performers are Miss M. Oliver, Mr. W. J. Hill and Mr. George Clarke, both, we believe, young actors from America. So great has. been the success of the Shaugliraur, ,it Drury Lane that already arrangements have been made for continuing its ' run ' at tl/.e Adelphi, when the require, ments of pantomime necessitate its removal from the boards of the larger house. An historical play called Buckingham, by Mr. W. G. Wills, was produced at the Olympic on Monday, 29tb November, for the annual benefit of Mr. Henry Neville, who on that occasion made his first appearance after his severe illness, and sustained the character of George Villiera, Duke of Buck* ingham. Mr. Howard Glover, the well known English musician, professor and com poser, died recently in New York, where ho had resided for the last seven years. He was a son of the late famous actress, Mrs. Glover, and will be remembered among mu sical amateurs by his opera, Kuy Bias, liia cantata, Tarn O'Shanter, and a great many oharming songs. At the Princess's, Mr/ Joseph Jefferson has re- appeared in his ori giual part of Hip Van Winkle, after an absence from England of ten years.. The welcome afforded to him by a crowded house has been most enthusiastic, and his performance is as great a succeBS as ever. Mr. Jefferson's celebrated impersonation is, if anything, rather improved by the con tinued study he has bestowed upon it, and it is now almost unique in its completeness and finish. A Scotch critic, in noticing Mr. J. L. Toole's return from America, says :—. 'Toole has a face, a voice and a manner which would make a New England Shaker. in the lowest depths of the dumps quake with mirth.' Caohinnation is better than colchicum for the gout; it is a sovereign specific for the sulks; and1 'he who can create it at will is the most potent physician of tho age. Such a physician is John L. Toole.' 