ODD NOTES, BY Jl BOlimtlAX. .Mac -vnll bo here iiow in n week or tcii days, and then we shaU seq-what wo shall see. I. don t know how it is, hut thut office of Agent General for Emigration seems to exorcise the minds, of .-both northern and 'southern peoplo in .t very remarkablo manner. : X know very well that a thousand a-year in London, and heiiig the accredited , agent of a great and prosperous colony—ahem!—and aU that sort of thing, you ^9^»*8 worth having. But only ono man can have the appointment, and as' I don't stand a ghost of a chance myself, and have no friend or relation who stands any chance either—why I treat the wholo thing with scorn and.silcnt contempt. In. the language of the divine Hilton, X 9 let.it rip.'-' .-.But thiswisocourso is not followed by others. ^Judging from xiows-'^ paper paragraphs and private rumour, I should say that there . is, at least a score of men who employ most of their waking hours in wonder ing who will he appointed, and then when they go to sleep they dream, that the appointment is made, and cannot convince themselves that it is n9j1 .r,culity. "\Vi thin tliis last fortnight I have been assured in the most soleran manner aiidon "unquestionable authority," of course, of no less than ,three pefsons: who had heen offered, and had accepted,; the .billet. /' It's hardly worth whilo mentioning whoHhoy .were, because it turns out now that,none..of them.were.ap pointed, and never expected tobe.Buta new batch of. appointments are being made hy these dreamers. To-day; am infonned by a lead ing Orangeman, that the Government has sold itself to Bishop Quinn, and that my old friend, " the O'Dolierty," has been_ appointed Agents General, on tho'.express understanding • with Quinn-that ho sends no immigrants out here except good Bomun Catholics. Then comes a paragraph from; tho RQckhampton Bulletin, ap pointing tho Hon. the . Colonial. Treasurer Agent-General, it seems that; the Bulletin has kindly arranged to give the.Colonial Trea surer a holiday and a trip * to England' at :the end. of the forthcoming session^if hotbefore— and when ho is out 'there, he is to ho quietly and neatly dropped into, tho office of Agent-" General, be/presented at Court,' and Knighted by Her Host Gracious Majesty. rI'remember it was tho Bulletin whichfirat started tlie storj-of Macalister . accepting " the;'offico(' ofJ Agenty. General. I don't know, and I-.,don't much care ■ how it- is settled, so-I< leave my. Orange friend and th^Bulletin to arrange the matter be tween them. StiU,I must sayit's very'.kind of ^Bulletin to .give the Colonial Treasurer, 9*-^P. r^PS^nd, an. office worth a thousand a year and pickings; and a titlo into the bargain. I have a complaint to'make against' the clergyman, or the churchwardens, or other person in authority at the Fortitude Valley Church of England. It isn't so much my complaint as that of a number of young ladies .whose spokes-, man I ani delighted to he whenevor .they will allow mo to speak for them, or to them, or of ; them. It seeingthat; last*, .week there-.was a grand wedding at tho Valley Church—a regular ' tip-topper^of i^wedding.;. ono .of sthoso; wed dingsi in which the "knot tied' by'the tongue cannoti.be untied, by tho.teeth". isotied faster than usual ;\rstrings of« bridesmaids, finest of lace 'for ' the 'bridal veil, greatest profusion of orange': blossoms^-and till that' sort'pf : thing, you know, riwosmarried myself some,. time ago, and.have, lost aU interest in weddings; V I cannot appreciate any part of tho ceremony except, perhaps^" the kissingof the bride—when she ' is'7 very 'pretty—by thebest; man"; after, the names - arei... allsigned in" .'tlie register.. , I hayo thpught jifc tiines ,that(I: wouldn't mind being."best man ":just forthiit part of thV ceremony,-hut that is all.. ' '-'For tho rest a -wedding is, ho;rabre interesting to me thau a'fimcral-^riot' so ihuch^ if iho fuheral is that of somebody who owed , me a grudge and never, lived to pay. itU j But -young ladies who have yet to bp married and wish to get posted up for the ocearion when their' tuni comes,' so that tney may go through' the trying ordeal in as i becoming,and interesting n inaiincr;-as possihlorr-thoy vory naturally, and very properly as I think, like to see all tlie grand weddings thoy - can.''■■s'-"Well, thoy could hot sec the wedding down at the Valley Church last week, because directlyJl id bridal party got insido tho Church the dobrswerb locked. . ' It was a cruel sin and a shaine: ,T am told of one young lady who harnessed up her papa's horso" and put it in the buggy herself, and drovo over two miles to that church door, and then found'-it locked. That young lady expects to have to bo married herself before mauy more months are over her hciul. Only think . of .-that! And what was worse than all, the' newspaper reporters were slmt out, so that no account of the wedding could appear :iu tho newspapers. Nothing except tho advertisement 111 small typo over tlie leading article could, be ascertained about that wedding. -1 am told tliat tho news paper t reporters • made vigorous - and even frantic efforts, to seo how tho thing -was done, and - how everybody looked, and procure matter for a sensational para graph, as there is a paucity of exciting nows just now, barring the new rush to the Mulligan Ranges at the" Palmer, tut it was all in vain. Now if this is going to be the rule at grand weddings here, I hope that tickets of admission'.will be issued in future, so as to prevent disappointment The children belonging to St. John's Sun day Sclioolaro to be taken on an excursion to Gatton . next, Monday. Tliey will go by the railway. I don't envy the poor little things if the- railway arrangements next Monday anything like the usual style of: doing things oh holidays in that department. If they till get to Gatton, Tdon't know how they are going to enjoy./i/themselves. It. is not very exciting; to look at gum trees and .wattle bushes, and long grass; and the gums, wattles, and long grass'at Gatton arc so very similar to those in .other parts of the colony bolow the range, that I question whether an enthusiastic botanistcould get up much enthusiasm by contemplating; them 'for half a day or so. It seems, however, from the circular issued,' that "the children willbe snpplied with a substan tial luncheon on arrival." This will fix them all right, and thoy can arause one another after the luncheon. ; Tho circular goes on to say that parents and friends of the children can accom pahy them in' the train, at a low charge for the. double; journey.. Put, possibly to avoid having to deal with, abnormally, keen appetites at -tho substantial lunch con,"-there is tho following footnote to the circular• • rAa the journey la, a long, one, tlio children should toe*given a good breakfast before leaving home. There is nothing like having a clear under, standing, beforehand. ; That nota^ bene about the V good breakfast" seems tome a very happy thought and a good sound idea. ' "Why, if that had not been announced, the young vagabonds would ; have (been so .excited; about, the trip up the railway thitt.they would not have eaten any breakfast, put no victuals in their pockets^ and ,when lunch- came "each one •would have eaten his owu'weight,' if he could , lay his hands on as much.: - Boysi as a ride, ! have very healthy appetites, so have girls, and I it would have been no joke to have,had to find lunch for a couple of hundred healthy young sterswho started from home in the morning withouta r4.1 good "breakfast." 