. . — — — i , i jht— ifq THE NEW PASTOR OF CHALMERS CHURCH. The Rey. James Beattie, who ban beenap- , pointed successor to Dr. Cairns in the pastorate Church, delivered his first senna on Sunday morning. The church was crowded in every part by a most attentive congregation, TKer Rev. Mr. Beattie is gifted with a good person and excellent voice, and the evident impression made at both services on Sunday will be deepened on further acquaintance. In the morning the text chosen was "2nd Thessaloniana hi- 1 — "Brethren, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may have free course, and be glorified." The preacher began by saying that if even thq great apostle of the Gentiles needed the prayers of hp fellow Christians. in the fulfilment of hia ministry , how much more uninspired meQi weak and erring, of ordinary gifts and ordinary spiritual attainments. He said that the grand central fact of Christianity which pervaded aid nnrl oxr 4-tici wt'U Al i_ - . e T Tni . wumg oi scripture w&s; the fact of Ctat B atoning death, and that he would be unfaithful to his Master, unfaithful to hie own deepest oonctions, and most cruelly mu faithful to the sonls of His people, were he to know anythingamong them save Jesua Christ and Him crucified: He pointed out that the true marks of a successful ministry and a pros perous congregation are not a full church a large and increasing membership, a well-filled treasury, but the conversion of sinners to God and the grdwth of God's people in faith and holiness. After describing the beauty and felessednesa-of a living and prosperous churcK he proceeded V Such, or something like it,S the apostle's ideal, and such is the Master' ideal oLa-prosjferoua congregation. Be it your and ine><my brethren ! Let it be our ambitiQa, inaL ii De -largely realised, by. us as a congrega tion. -Let all of us, Minister, elders, members, strive- tigether to make Chalmer's church a prosperous church in the truest and highest sense, a church strong in the grace -that is in Christ Jesus, and in the power rf the Holy .Ghost j..a chnreff likeminded with that illustrious man, of Godf whose name it bears ; a "church amaiaied by the Bpirit of our beloved ' father.: - who. recently retired from its pastorate, ' kndv above all; by the spirit of Christ,, whose .wepFofossto be." After advert ing to the obstacles that obstruct the progress of the Gospel as a reason why Christians should Drav for their ministers, be emioln3orl qq fnl. x ml 7 — uo i.ux lows : — "Bear in mind, brethren, that at is not for our own sake merely that we ask your prayers, but for your own. The interests of a congregation are closely united with those qi their minister. If he fails they suffer, and fiia prosperity is their prosperity. When you pray that your minister may be led by the spirit iutfl the knowledge and experience of God's truth, that he may burn with holy zeal for God, that he may be wise in winning souls td Christ, that he may be kept unspotted from tbs world — in a word, that he may be per fect, and thoroughly furnished unto all good works, what is that but praying that may be rendered a more efficient instrument oi good to your own souls ? If you pray in righi earnest your prayers will certainly be suYTdred. One grand secret of Mr. Moody's success; Scotland was that God's people prayed for fiiqi. Daily prayer meetings, were established when ever he went, and Christl&pa; met together in large numbers to plead' for a blessing on hia work. I am confident .that if Christians would pray more for their ministers, and for a blessing upon their labours, we would see far greater result than we do see from the ordinary preaching of the word. If God's people remembered their ministers before the Lord through the week and at the end of the week ; if m their closets, their families, and social meetings they united in pleading that the Lord would give them his own message and clothe his word with the power ojj the Holy Ghost ; if they came to church on thq Sabbath morning expecting a blessing, and kept looking to Him for it throughout the service ; if, I say, Christians were thus to wait upon Godf not a sermon would be preached iu vain, not a Sabbath would pass by without sinners being awakened and turned to God. When God's children are thus united, as in Pentecostal days, waiting for the promise of the Father, then Pentecostal blessing will soon descend, and signs and wonders will speedily be wrought the name of God's holy child Jesus. I hfaeeefi you, therefore, brethren, for the.,Xpfd Jesus Christ's sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me, that my coming among you may be prosperous by the will of God, and that I may with you be refreshed. Moreover, as for me, God forbid that I should sin against tho Lord in ceasing to pray for you ; but I propose by Divine grace, to show you the good and the right way. May the God of peace be with you all, Amen." In the evening the sermon was preached from Matthew xviL 8—" When they lifted up their eyes they saw no. man save Jesus only. The building was again filled to its fullest ex tent. Collections were made at both services on be half of the Home Mission. A singular death formed the subject of an in quest at St. Kilda on Saturday. On the pre vious day a servant-girl, named Christina Sharp, seventeen years of age, in the employ of J. R. Tanner, photographer, High street, saw a paper on the mantelpiece containing a qu&n-; titv of RtrvohninA. Thinlrinor if. was calfa nv something else equally harmless, she tasted a small quantity, and immediately afterwards was made aware that she had tasted strychnine. She fell down, apparently in a fit, declaring she had taken strychnine. Drs. Houston and Rankin were sent for, and under their treatment the girl seemed to revive. An hour after they left, however, the unfortu nate girl expired. At the inquest held on Saturday, Dr. Rankin stated that the quantity of strychnine was so infinitesimally small that death must have been caused from the shock to 1 her system on learning that she had taken y< L | son. The actual cause of death was clearly shown to be congestion of the brain, aud a var- diot was returned accordingly. 