SEARCHING THE SCRIPTURES, A SBRSION BY TUB KEV. JAMES VATJQHAÍT, M.A. «Searob'.tbe Scriptures ; for in them ye think yi Jure eternal life: and-they are they which testify\v, jtfe."- JoHïîv. S9. ... , .. it* iB a'qaestion woll-snited to take its place ir your self-éxumihatióñ--i" How do matters a tend bet weer, me-ana my Bible?. What is my Bible to me? Is God'i Word ä: greater reality tb me? .Am I more conversant with every part it? , Is its power to my soùl, increased, or is ii lessened ? Ie my Bible less or more to hie than it waayears ago, whëu J was a child ?" Bémember what Bible it Was of which Christ was speaking^ arid what te'the .-Bible of which wo are going tospeaknow. Then, it was the five books »f Moses, or, as the Jews oalied them, " the Law'"--the historical books, which, with tho sixteen prophetical books, mado up to nether what; they' named "the Prophets" - and the Psalms/Proverbs, Ecclesiastes; and Song of Solomon whioh bore the title of. " the Hagiographa." Of these Oh* Testament Scriptures- collectively Christ said, "They contain eternal life." The whole argument turns upon thin. "You Jews hope that your Scriptures have in them eternal life ', but what have they beyond ? They testify of Me ; then I am eternal life f-that is the argument. . From which'at once two inferences follow. If you ftdedit the New Testament, you must accept, the Old. For Christ,'ih the New, endorses, if'I may do say, the Old; and stamps it with the undeniable Beal of divmity-that .it has in it " eternal . lite.'' And fur- ther,'in the. whole of the New Testament, it is the sainé truth, and the same life, because the samo Jesiis. ' . "What a far better Bible is ours ! ."What a hey in the Keir,'Có unlock the old ! 'What' an explanation, what a manifestation, of higher truth! "What révélations of the Father'ih'the Liviu'g'Word ! What'diàelosurèB of the heart of, Jesus! "What a scheme of covenant! What1 a, rodoibotipn of . the whole "world !) ; What ele- vated morality ! >Vhat love ! . What holy comforting ! What exemplars! "What fellowships! What gleams of glory!? '' : ; "''::; ;v ' *''''-' Ahd together, these Two Witnesses', what do thoy. not adduce iv-thefie Two Covenants, what do they not SUB-, tain? ' Is riot it a beautiful thing to have Christ HO de- veloped ?-first shadowed out in ten thousand figureá thea presented,to "us in His living presence and power -then embodied in His Church*-then wrought out in us td peace, and holiness, and heaven. If David could fiad'' all he found-if he could write his 19th and hi's 119th Psalms, on his little Bible-^all probably not more than five or six Books-what might not our larger Scriptures be to ua ? - What an humbling measure of our spirituality of mind, m these later days-that while to him the Pentateuch was all that source of.de V light; the use of our whole Bible is such a little joy"! f* ' .Never forget what the Bible really is.' God, in His love,.desired to m>»ko Himself known to His creatures. He could scarcely.be the God .Ho is, and not do that; It is oue of the greatest evidences of inspiration-the moral certainty-that every man has, that a heavenly. Father.would never leave Himself withouta revelation to his children. How d id He do ic ? He gayo His ASbri to be " the brightness of His glory, and tile express image, of His person." But how could we know "the Son? Only, by the Hely Ghost. How does the Holy Ghost show Him to us ? By inditiug a book ;-"'Holy men of old spake aa they were moved by the Holy..'Ghost." " Search the Scriptures ; for in them ye think y« have eternal Ufe ; and they are they which testify of Me." Now think you, brethren, thafc if Christ were only in the midst of us this morning, He would not Ree a great necessity to urge on us the very same duty which He laid so earnestly on those. Jews? < Let me speak honestly. Do you know your Bible? IwillBpeakof it as a mere book-as a history':' Do you know your Bible ? It lies upon your tables-it. ia a very familiar 1 tliiag to ypu, wore or leô» you have had to di» with it1 «ll your life- do you know it ? I Forgive me-could you name all the books of the Bible ia their order,' and give their authors? Could you 'giy« an account of the hiotorv of ,th« Jews ? Far instance, could you tell the names of the, ¿udgésand the kings of ii rael «ud Judal*? Could you tell the occasion of-their nationaLconquests, and defeats, and j captivities? Could you give the drift of each of the' books of the'Bible ?.' Dö'you know'inuoh of your Bible by heart ?1 Have yo« read'the Bible all thronghV How often? . Do you'know the subj*ofcs. and the,characters of particularPsalms? Could -'you give the life and ministry {of our Lord chronologically ? Aro you ac- quainted with the descriptive tacts of tho four gospels? O&uyou; trace the history of the early Church in the Acts, and give the lifo and travels Of St. Paul ? Could you giycthe arguments of the epistle *o the Koumns, or the characteristics of the other "epistles ? Have you a dear view of the,scheme of 'divino .truth laid up ia your mind ? Do you know your Bible ? Thèse are simple questions. Ought not you to know your B.lble ?. ' Ought wo not to have attained to that scholarship, that we could answer auy questions about we contents ofthat book ?. What have we if we have Qi Other lore, and.want this ? Is not. it the highest? What ! n Christina, nnd not to be able to pass au exam- ination in the facts «lid the truths bf the charter of your faith?, ; , ' * 1 A.ud yet, ,1 fear,-nay, I think,-nay, I positively Sjuowy-thatiit is Imt.very fow in this church who would uobbo afraid of the questions in the very rudiments of Bible hisjary and Bible teaching. Why ia this? You huve not really taken pain« ; you have never mado'a great effort to acquire Bible know- ledge"; you have not set yourself to it asa positive work «udan«exact,dhty. You have trusted to your early éducation in it, which waa very meagre. You -have trusted to church BorvxceB, and tn sermons, and to hear- ing the lessons repd, and to family prayers, and to read- ing diopters superficially by yourself. Alitbpab wlU notdoV' That leaves nothiug buta con- fused, general idea; no real knowledge is ever gained ny such easy prooeBses. " Search the Scriptures ; for in toetni ye think yd have eternal life: aud they aro they whiéhteàtifyof Me," forgive nie, brethren, but this is not a matter of little .^»ortanoe. I cannot soe how any mau who believes 'he Bible to be a revelation from heaven to MB soul, ^"justify to himself, und bo going on, day after day, with stich a very wretched, meagre knowledge of that wok. I cannot see how he <au think that God will "loss liitu,-how he eau think that he is hououving God, .uuless he earnestly labours to euko tho whole of that oook Intelligently and accurately into his mind. Shall ° scholarnot know his grammar? Shall a Obristiau potent with his present knowledge of that book, tho Still, after all, these things are only, .the. alphabet. You must go further.'' * . There are two thiugs, which the Bible is especially intended to make known to us. First, ourselves. With this end, St. James says it is to be a mirror. You never will really know yourself till you see yourself in the mirror. Itis the spectrum in which wo seethe anatomy of the heart, which else lies too deep and dark for vision Be always looking; in toyour Bible to find yourself, your real self, your whole self. Lnt it be your prayer when you opéu your Bible, Lord, show mo myself ; not as a man sees; nob aa I see myself; but as Thou seeet me ; Lord, show, me myself." The other thing which the Bible is to declare is self's antidote-Christ. I do not say that Christ is in every verse or in every chapter.' But this I say,-It all leads np to Christ as its far acopó. l?or instance, the history of tho JewsbearB ou to the foundation of the-Church and the Church bears on to tho Lord Jesus Christ and tho Second Advent/ So the historical books of the first Testament testify of Jesus. Therefore, there ia no pai t of the Bible in which there is not an underlying thought' "nf tba T.rirfl .TPQTIR Ohriafc. Bufe need I say, that of very much of the book, far . more than at first sight appears, Ohrist is the very sum and substance,-its sweetness and its strongth, its es- sence, its glory, its spirit, its letter. Therefore, be al- ways inhaling something of the öoney of His name. It is Jesus showing Himself to me,-a poor, miserable sinner,-in His works, in His person, in His underta- kings, in His beauty. I will never be consent to shut 'the book, unless I have a-thought of Jesus,-- some feel Mug, some text; whi«ü brings Jesus near to me, which honors Jesus, which endears Jesus- ; ' And to this, you must remiud the Holy Ghost of His own office arid His own premise +o " take of the thiugs of Christ, and show them to you,''-the .'pardon, and your share in* it,-the promise, and your interest,-the land, and your heirship. There is another use to which we should always put our Bibles,-an oracle to resolve doubts," to decide 'difficult questions,-to show the daily duty. The more practical you are in reading your Bible, the better. If you have never yet enjoyed your Bible, if'you have . not found it a very profitable thing to RO up to your "own room* and read the Bible by yourself, it is because you have been coo general, too abstract. Only read what it-is, arid read it personally, read it with a distinct object, bring a question to it, mingle it with the cir- cumstances of your common life,-let it be asking God something, and then God answering showing, guiding you.. . , f For remember, it is the eternal life, which is in that book, is begun :. it is the life of to-day, it is in your beart, it is the eternal life. And your Bible will .not be to you what it. is capable to bo,, and meant tb be, so long .as it is in a niere-book outside,-it must be'a thing within, it must bû a real indwelling,-something that mingles itself with thoughts,, and gives a tone to the feeling and eheds a sweet fragrauce upon ¿he soul. So that by au intuition, yon will beaoleto see atone« that the will of God is upon any subject. Thoughts of .Scripture after Scripture will rise in your mind. It will not be the Bible, but the Spirit that lives in the Bible, becoming a very, part of you,-a heavenly necessity in 'yon, that your'thoughts run in the channel of God's thoughts: you will havo the very " mind of Christ." . But yet once more. The Bible, is the rending of the .veil.of futurity. It casts upon tho mind the images, hot always distinct, but al ways true, of the great things what are coming; "for the Spirit searchethall things, yea, tho deep things of - God." Reverently follow tho«e searchings of the Spirit. What the first coming of our Lord was to the. jews under the OM Testament, the Second Advcnt is toibeto us. Therefore your-pursuit of truth will have fal Icu far too short, if it do .not lead on to some very, elevating, eamforfcing views of the coming of Jesus with all His saints. . It- will be greatly tn holi- ness, and to peace, every day to bo horne away, for a little season, from this shadowy life into those transcen- dant scenes of purity and love. It will bo a very good thing to unite.the holy past wi Hi tbe mighty future; and the present will only be the truer to yon in the light which plays on the horizon. .¡ 1 I return to the question * How do matters stand be- tween you aud your..Bible? What is your-Bible to you ? Deal faithfully with this question. It is a good plumb-line to put down. . And do not believe in'any aearching.of your Bible,which has not left Christ per- sonally, and experimentally, a very real and a very pre- cious Saviour to your soul. .*-.'? ^_. ?? ' = 