The Advertiser. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14. The Treasurer has courteously furnished us with some interesting information, brought by the last European mail, res- <*> pecting colonial and other stocks in the London market. From tiut gentlemaii we ham that the Victoun £3,000,000 4 per cent, loan tvbs to lie paid on die let of No vember, that it earned interest from tie Ist of July, and that tfee minimum price fixed vras £95 10s. The loans of die neigh boring colony are managed by die Asaor dated Banks, and not bjrite Agent-General, as is die case in regard to die loans of this colony. As our telegrams have already aimounced,tJietenders for tbeloan were very numerous, and nearly double the amount required xras offered. There were no less than 448 tenders, representing £5,967,037, andthetenderarangedupto£97. Tenderers at £96 1&, received about a quarter of die sum applied for, and above dmt figure die full amount, the avenge price obtained being £96 2a. Deducting the four monthrf accrued interest, and the f per cent com* mission, or £22,500, which the Associated Banks obtained for their trouble, gives a result of £94 os. 3d. percent, as against £92 lGs. 2d., which the South Australian issue in Hay last, calculated in the same way, produced. In the first week in July Victorian 4 per cents, were quoted in the open market, ex coupon,** high as £99105., so that in fixing die minimum price the Banks allowed a margin of £4 per cent. Soon after die loan had been issued, London was visited by a severe mone tary panic, which caused some sales as low as £95 15s. The quotation towards the close of October was £06 10s. to £96 155., or only a shade better than the quotation for South Australian 4 per cents. There is little doubt tfiat Victorian 4 per cents—for that colony's bonds at present occupy the foremost place amongst colonial stocks—will soon take the lead in the London money market. If, as is generally anticipated, a great war in Europe should I* the outcome of die growing complications, die effect on colonial stock* wvaM not be acnjudjcial, but the coattary, unless EagW Iwwuoe impli cated. Tb« reason of this fa that the channel* of investment «wU V* narrowed, •ad money genenOy flows to England for cafe keeping daring Continental trotAfc*. If, however, Eqglaad were draws into the conflict, mnch of the unemployed capital would be required by the British Oom?* meat. The Bank rate would rim, and ia Oat wbj affect the vatae of colonial as well as of other stocks, bat colonial securities wouM be affected lees than other kinds, ITnderordiiiaiyeirct?astaaces there v not much likelihood that the loan which w« ebaH ask far next year wffl swCar materially, because the plethora of tmm ployed money contianes anahrted, and tfce Bank rate raoame at 2 percent f£ao? the September mail the Cafe of Good Hope has applied to the Laadoa market for a loan of £350,000 at 4£ percent^ aadob tained£Deis.po-cent Duri% the 'panic abnaAy referred to, Continental stocks feU very hearily. Bamums per eeate iefi as anssli as 10 per cent in two days. Thej wen agld m low as £72, but they have siace recovered to £80 10b. With reference to this Baste loan, we may mentioa that it was issued as tar hack as 1822, the minimum pike being fixed at £77. At the time of the French Bevol lotion in 1848 these stocks fefl to £74; daring the Crimean War in 1854, the lowest point reached was £82; wh3e the Italian War was proceeding in 135B,«fcey toadied £100; during the Austro- Pnis dan War of 1898, they west down to ?380; the same quotation was given in 1870 at the time of the Franco-rrassiaa conflict; and when the Eastern difficulty first arose in 1676, they ff& to £76, asd eveaJpaUy, as stated, to (£72 in October last, when they touched the lowest point (hey hare reached since the issue of the loan. The highest point attained was in September, 1852, when they were qaoted at £122. What we hare written will sem to show that colonial aacnritiea are rapidly gaining in favor with European capi taliate, and investors; and that while Con tinental stocks are liable to sudden iacta- . atioas, colonial stocks are qoke as safe, and not subject to sack -variations. Becest ex* : periences iadkate that time faeta are being appreciated, and that the coiomee are bow being looked to as legbunate fields for the investment of spare capital. Amongst tke [ colomee those fn Anstralia are Bapiaiy ad- '■ vanengfo a foramost postdoa. As thair natmal advantages and imamMc vesosnoesi became known, ao they go opinpopukr estimation. Tbe stocks of Victoria axe the t most Tthable fast now in the London market, but those of Sooth AjMrtrlim m not far behind, and they are gradually rising. The highest price yet reached by our 4 per cents, was on the 18th of October, when they woe footed at £96195. Od. fie-' tweenthepanicandthedepartaiKeftiMnaiil. I £90 fe was tip bwt os the 27th | of October they were offered at £96 15a. The influence of the panic was slight, aatt ; the fall thns occasioned was likely soon to j beTecorerad. reason to ba-j tieve that South AustnUan 4 per carts.) will soon be quoted at par, and in that case the Treasurer will hare cause for adf gratulatjon, and wiH be able to go into the market for farther loans with every confi dence in the result. The predictions of his political enemies do not appear at present to be approaching fulfilment. The financial policy of the Government cannot be aaid to be injuriously affecting the colony's in tereets in tiw London market. Our toad* continue to increase in vslae, aad these is" no reason to suppose that they not still do co. . ( Aboct three yean ago tfae Victorian Go vernment resolved to send their Engineer in-Chief, Mr. Thomas Higinbotfaam, oaaa American and Earopean tour in order that he might make himself acquainted with, all the latest improvements 1n the constt action aad management of railways, aad especially obtain accurate and complete information with respect to the narrow gaage and other cheap lines of America and other countries. Many people anticipated tint bat little benefit to die Australian pebbc would result from ■ this journey of inspection, because Mr. Higinbothara had aocompletely committed himself to certain theories with reference to tfae Victorian lues that they believed, like sectarian pilgrims to tfae Holy land, fae wouMre?olaieryaeeewry tfasqgfnmfak own chosen standpoint, and shut his eyw to wfaaterer nagat sfaow him to have bees in error in tfae past. Itwaeoot 10J nassurmg to hear some obae after Mr. Higinbothiun faad been in America that be wrote to his Government MbgUntkllr to the effect that his journey was innwctis sarji as he faad sees nothing that was not known in Victoria before he left. Mr. Iliginbotham for years trae regarded, ac most Aoetralian Engineers-in-Chief have been, as the great obstacle toeeonotnyia railway construction; and without doubt these colonies have had much cause to complain in tbi? respect of officials holding that important posiUoc Thcf look at railwave exduciv«lv from an engi neering point of view, and altogether ucglect the financial aspect of the question. Although itmaybetrueMagettemiraiethat bad engineeringr will not par. yet there b a decided saving in suiting a line to the country and traffic, and not making a rail vray between Kadina awl Port Wak-field in the came style as would be desirable or necessary with one from Liverpool to Man chester. There is always some difficulty and obscurity about ra?way estimates takes as the mean* for ascertaining whether or not the construction faafi bee* effected at • fair or too feigfa«cxMt,M to* nracfa ««*•■ tknupaid to the total expanse, instiai of aWting —**— -- -j - T V itnms "rflh?j stock, mad, exaaat?M?llf' mom cattaacs. ■ad pn annul! way ate aO awmmVl to? getfaer, «d wr k? taU ««t HA«itf «at £S/X)O, another C7#M, -*^S £sjDoo,oa* assy £4,000, ud •? «*Jfc? wsy the money is Mat aot bMa*ap?)|sJi The naueamif bfataatioa can hfe fjfial of the official Mto*a% bat it **&U; placed prominently Wore the Ptrttsmnat and public, tkt it may k mm whether dae economy and ptadeaus ai* observed IbO>£ matoyof Onrmiawat mttwara, and kowtfce cart oaanmtas with tbe«p<««e of other Em Webaraafsai been toU that the Gknelg Itaiwmy cast aboat tmjm bat we know that <fc? **- snaaent war did not take aoai tha* aboat 12.00Q per mile; aodbassay Coimamiml irteoaeqaa?y Sat counts? bomrinnaiiutlui a* cheaply* We tldi* thk qiwatioa ««, unhesitatingly Wwnwnd in the aagatn*, audit is ths hnaadin daty of taw Qojam aaent to know taw reason wfcr, and iaaat upon the Btale liom faring laid down m cheaply a« it has hem ae?M?i&ated; that they can he copaUucted. Torrtantoatr.Higi?bothua f howenr ( itwOlbefoandthathu TOfaauaoo* report contabw * rwt MMWBt of asefa] JnfutaM tkm; and if all the oooHnaiow hednvj thoafcom an not accepted, the fada fa? has noticed cannot bat be of value to those who ate eatooat?d with the cooatzwtua aad management of railways in theas fwjmitm On the Great lWafic Laa^Mr. Higiahothai oba?rwdaajaa of the Bawafay haviaaj aaaa made very lawtfly, to • grmt extant with aateriaU Oat were aot tf am aajrtiiiiaf kind, the <4W—w|UMaje benif tiaat aaadi at the wotk had to be featweC U wa? tboufhi neoeawy to oyaa the Us* f sioldg, aaio; the materiala that *m awat laadthj oUaiaed. 71? afaowa aa abffi^ to aaaat w niwli ca to cmxanm??om ob flb fatrt of the AawTkaa eogineea, ia wfcMa thak btethm of Auafaalia, « at laaat thaw of them in the Oomameut aarrioa, «ta the making of the Port lanwi? tok^raaii to oar tnjiiwwiiM dajantiauul tha work woahl aot ha« been anriaaafiaaiii to thia day. TheengLDaonthePadficlawwfigh ,from 32 to 34 tana, and drag nayhaa^ load* over gradi(?t« of lia GO to>«a ekt? -&m; of 7JOOO feet aborc the am fetal uamyw^aage wfarajs affwar to answer aibniiaUy, fhoagb it berideat, Mr. vcUofthera^aoeaao whh niactfeafc. He deacribes then a* "good of their dba*;* 'well coaaiiactod tine* of Chair UMf;" aadam tlwy "appeat to be nfbaest far !a*li««t*?ficirf Ifcecoanuy." tb#|a|t recornmftidatina ? the stiungeat atfoaaaat in farar of uaiivw gauge rawwaya. Behaj very ninth cbcaper tfaaa the brati they shoald be adopted wham ever they are lifcaij; to be —fficiot for the work n^oired of taeta, a&> oept where their adaption woald oeca akm a break of gauge within the ediaay. The Hearer and Bio Grande Uatlraad waa onea for a diatoace of IJO adha, audit waa iirtuiaiiii ?bnnrim the kaajthtoSSO idea. /H*la*se fa 8 fM^theratttof iwa^ftaTto the yard; then is bo baUaet or lEe?dn^aad the total ooet i« £2,880 par mile, It rasa to a height of f£oo foot above the fenl of the am, takiiajpa* aE?feMafatapfiei of 1/^aod goods at IS Bales per hoar. From Dearer toKJaaau City the speed k IB aties par boor, ia cluding stoppiim. A bnUKh of theCoW rado C«rtiml fefiraid, goin^ thkoasb a steep and winding BMOstain gorge, only cost £5,760 per tefle, the apoed bebaj our 10 nalee an boat: In Canada than am two railroads of 3 feet 6 inrti pngn nai 68, and tin other 190 mile, is length. Asa, winch Mr. Higiaborham ceaaibes, jalt £3,700 per mile, indoding land, roSb> atocsv atatiotav and ecfpneeriag. «>a tiiaod Tnmk Kattway ayatemof Canada B) about I^oo miles in k*gth,*ai the gma««v in order to avoid tsnsk, bad been ndacad from 5 feet 6 laches to 4 feat 81-7 laches. roffiagH?tock aoaneO?st ampriata as, as it appears that there is a constant taadeaey ODtAepartof the bnSden to increase its weight, and catawaocsfiy the propartiO?af dead to pariag wdfbt m greater oa the United States than oa the Eagfish lima. Theweagktof the ordinary fiain^ai car inthe^atesiefiTCornrtimo?that of ha Ihi?gCragbt, and goods tracks carry from 11-7 to 2 2-5 their ow? wwgbL In Great Britain Mr. HJginhortiani «M mftrbtdmudiebanpe ia the stole of sal way construction, farem that atoal taabi were beiag txteaaiTtly ibatitatoi tor sroa t?ilea«inAiDerica,aDd,i? fact, Bi atialil a&oo;??tzieSy and the broad aaagas wwe being tedaced to 4 feet indbas, for the aahe of uniformity. The qwed i* greater on the Eagfisb foes than any others. In France it b35 sb?bi an boar for exprree trains and aome Aaas rkan train* po at tbe came rate. The top epeed in Sweden w25 Bales an boar. Ia lTttssiaand Sweden the gangc is 4flL Sgia. Kflnrarbts two line* of tiak breadth, the rest beinp all 3ft. <Sn. Of tbb imialifr gang« these were 194 mile* coaopieted* about the same leagtib in coarse of con etractM?, end 170 mak* projected. line report «i be of gnat ntOiQrasa. work of reference, and should afford cacDal leet goidanoe to any Ooforameat that wfil not yieM itttM in Mind. fadplewralw?aMO? to tl?e dkla of it£ pr^mdosai aerraata, whether those officials do or do ?wt display any capacity for rea&Htdng; j«s*ljr from datar own data, or wbcthcT their eoadmwaw an inbarmonrwhl^ or oppoaedto, iinriiiUnnpr' abk figorcc, s*ccrtaincd facts, and tha indisputable results of other professional experience. ife proj&ffdf; the esttbtsbjnftnt iii Ade-: laide of glasses for [instruction in cookery, Which Is now Engaging the attention of the Chamber of Manufactures, points to a want vrkich has long been felt in the province, and "*hich is annually increasing', and it is to be hoped that the council Trill meet with auch public interest and enconmgement in the efforts they are making as will enable (hem to carry their scheme to a successful issue. The Chamber recently supplied, with jeiy pbnsjderable success, the want of special technical education which had been experienced for years past by the mechanics andjouthe of jthe city; and the establish-, meat of classes for mechanical drawing will always be jtegarded as a most useful, result; of -ihe Chamber's efforts.. We yenture to hope and to think that success will also Attend the action now contemplated, with tespect to a school of cookery. Heads of households need .not to be told of the waste' vhlch daily goes on in their houses in con-' sequence of slovenly or unskilful cuisine, and ladies know too well the troubles which arise in the domestic circle from the same cause. The artisan and the laborer, too, surely must feel in terested in a movement which will have the effect of economising- his household expenses, j^^tking his house more com fortable ariuVirtnactive, and that numerous Class of.youi^||CHnen who have'been with drawn from naji?*j?9Jd for employ ment infactorM|nld otii#establishmentg <night to bS6 tniofcsenj"to be derived from a project which lias /or its object the sup plying of :inst?tic&Bn; which will qualify f&em; to discharge efficiently the home duties which win devolve upon them when th&y; become wives and mothers. The movemeo^tnerefore, is one which ought aottobe allowed to fall through for lack of jb^^E| and yet we.' are surprised to learn thai so far the Secretary of the Inflti tutibri has bail a Very poor response to the invitation or appeal he has, by .direction of the Committee, made to Republic. We can only attribute this apparent apathy to the foot that, as this is a> novel ides, the Teal aims and intentions Of tie promoters are not generally understood/and it may not, therefore, be umater?sting to our readers to" sketch the routine of kindred institutions in other places. In doing so, tbVever, we wish it to be distinctly Whs, m mind that the institutions we purpose' referrftg to have been in operatidrif or some* ijune, ABd ; their efficiency anl' present, con dition; are fl? *esolt of mom or less ex perience I.' Tiif^effor^^^jlife/^ciijunber must at ue 6utset nnrijhiji jjlji .hujjii,.u .ten-, tatiye characfer, but we^ doubt not'that if <jne or Wo good das^ ) :ai^ formed the benefit of the instc?ctioAjgiyen will be so self-evident as to attract a large mnster- Toll of pupils. Tf ti^be the case, it will b? the duty of the Chamber to spare neither pains nor expense to ensure the con tinued success of these t^tM^AW. .. ■~ " '■ TheKoyalCommiflflioner?of thelamdon International Exhibition in 2673 included,' amongst the other departments of the Ex hibition, a "School of Popular Cookery," the prospectus getting forth the object to be " to give hotfrlyillustrations of cooking food in the best, simplest, and cheapest usageB,suitablefor persons with incomesfrom £50 to £500 a yew. The utensils.used are those which might be found in a house of*£4oa year rental," and the project proved to be so popular and useful that it eventuated in the establishment of a National Training School of Cookery at South Kensington, -which, -wel believe, is the direct outcome of the. School of Cookery at .the London Exhibition. We have now before us a prospectus of the South Kensington Institution dated so recently as April last. The courses include, first, teaching by demonstration,: and, •second, practice in cookery and cleaning for : families spending from £1 to £5 per week. The fee for the course of teaching and practice in scullery work and cleaning is, we observe, hah! a guinea; the course '. occupying one-week, anA;:tile hours being from 10 to 12. The following is given as ■ an outline of this course:—" The best way of lighting and managing a fire; of cleaning a fireplace; regulating flues; the manage ment of the oven, &c;, or of patent fire- • places in general use for cooking; the diffe rence between a close range and an open one: the proper and highest degree ot; cleanliness to be obtained in pots and pans;' the best method'of ckumfag such articles; «f removing stains from enamel; burnish ing Copper, $c. n The fee for a series of 40 lessons 4n the coarse of teaching by. demonstration in middle-class cookery is «fcwo guineas, and Hie following is given as the routine in this course:—First week— . 'Monday, roasting; Tuesday, soups and troths; Wednesday, entrees; Thursday,' vegetables; Friday, jellies and creams. Second week —Monday, omelettes and .souffles: Tuesday, fish, fried and boiled; Wednesday, pastry; Thursday, puddings; : Friday, sick-room cookery." There is also a practice kitchen, where students may go ■ throiurli a course of practice in cookery for a fee of £4 4s. or £3 3s. for pupils who "have attended the scullery course. This course occupies two weeks, from 10 to 4 •daiiy. and sufficient amount of material is provided without f Hrther charge, but if the material be spoiled the student must find more at her own qost." In order to make the school as useful as possible there is also an artisan kitchen, which is a* practice kitchen for cooking food for* families spending from seven^ta twenty -shillings per week. The fee In this class. is £3 35., or £2 2b. to students who have { been through the scullery class, and tiie instruction comprises both French snd Eng- ■ lish artisan cookery.: iW? £oti«-le friso that - JUTangfimenta. are aaade forJnatructaon hj demonstration for. female) pupil: teachers* and -elder school girls oa Saturdays, ; and similar arrangements are toptifieo. for <fe- I monstrative lessons in artisan coofory at veiy moderate rates. We have also before bs the last report of the Governesses' Institute and Mel bourne Home, the Committee of which in stitution last year inaugurated a class for cookery, and after the experience of a few months the Committee reported as follows: — v Th«e classes have been a dedded suc cess, and the Committee feel lhat they have opened to them anew field of usefulness. They have proved a .positive good to the pupils who have studied under M. Soyer. The expressions of satisfaction have been co numerous that the Committee anticipate, upon the renewal of tfae lessons, a still larger entry of names than they had last year!." Wtf observe that at the Melbourne School-of Cookery the fee for ten tickets for. a fortnight's course of lessons either morning or after noon iB £2 25., and the tickets are available for any female member of any household— viz., either for the lady of the house, her daughters, or domestics. The course con sists in teaching the art of codking soup, fish, joints, French and English entrees, pastry, jellies, souffles; vegetables, chops and steaks, &c;, &c.;" We believe we are correct "in saying tbat the instruction given in thia school has been availed of rather by the mothers and daughters of a family than hy the young women of the "domestic class," but we -should think the institution would fail in its main object if it did not attract the v domestics" in the community to per fect themselves in the important culinary art. It is to be hoped that in. Adelaide pupils will be secured from both classes— for the advantages of a sound instruction in the culinary art would be f-it as-much by the young ladies of many households as by ihe servants in those homes. ... : Sir Henry Ayera has sufficiently re covered from his recent fllness'to attend to Ministerial work. • -•• The immigrants per Dimtaine haying «JL left the vessel, she has been taken alongside the Qoeea'e Wharf for discharge of cargo. A :notice in our advertising columns announces that the handsome new steamer South Australian will. startion herfirst trip for M^bourne on Thursday, December SL . We hear that Mr. G. C. H?wksr,ftLP,y has purchased from His Kroellency.the flowg. ■orthe lease,of his summerresidence at Port BUioti -.'■.-: The Ban. Sir G. F. Verdon, KX3.M.G4 was a passenger by the steamer Claud Hamil ton, which left Adelaide for Melbourne on Wednesday. The Commissioner of Grown L*nds has ' postponed his intended visit to the Hundreds of English and Neafes, and the adjacent country.- Mr. Carr -now proposes to start on Monday next. . ■ "-[' A. deputation d^Dustom-HoUBe agents is to wait on the Has: the Treasurer at 11 o'clock this morning in reference to the Customs holi day on the anniversary of the foundation of tha W*?ny- ..'■■'_•. 'We believe that Sir Antliony Musgrave will leave Adelaide for Jamaica, nis new seat of Government, by the mail steamer which sails on the 27th of January, and &atli;&will;^ with out an interval, be succeeded by Mr. W. W. Cairns. The Treasurer, accompanied I)ytii6 Pre sident and members of the Marine Board, will begin next week the annual visit tothjejight houses on our coast. Those not ias?eetedon, the present trip will be visited after Chrjajaias. The party are to be takenround in the Governor Musgrave. We understand that- the sum of ss. is to be given to each juror at> coroner's inquest. As this regulation will apply to the whole colony, and the arrangements for paying jurors in the outlying districts have to be made, it cannot come into operation before the Ist of January.' A fixe occurred at GUnrille on Wed nesda-yj .December 13, by which a wooden five- Toomad tenement, situated in. James-street, taeartfae Thornton Hotel, was reduced to roin?. The persons rending in the house, who were comparatively new arrivals, are .serious losers by the. catastrophe, and already, we hear, the sympathy of their" neighbors has assumed a practical shape. ' * An accident happened to Mrs. Thomas Stephens, of ICadina, on Sunday evening,.De cember 10. It appears (says the Watiaroo Times) that while blowing the fire the names caught her dress. Mr. Stephens, hearing her screams, rushed to her rescue. She wasslightiy ■: burned, but suffered most from the nervous / shock. We are glad to state she is progressing favorably. ' We learn that negotiations are on the : point of being closed for-a new border daties f convention between this colony and New BoujHi. Wales. Owing to the growth of trade, shown { by the returns of both colonies, it is probable* that the new arrangement will provide for the ; payment by Sonth Australia of a much larger i amount of money than has previously been the • case. The Government have received intelli- ■ genoe that th« ship Alumbagh had been char* i tered to sail from England during December ' with about 400 emigrants for this, jjpfpny, and > that the British Enterprise had been engaged t to sail in the same service during January. { TherTorrens is tol>ring out 22 inuugrants, the ; Harbinger 32, and the John Rennie 26. The } three last mentioned vessel? are no* on^ihe 1 ■way out. .. . . . | Mr. S.D. Glyde, the Mayor of Kensington ; and Norwood, was entertained at dinner at tie ". Golddiggers' Arms, on Wednesday evening,) December 13, by the Councillors of that Hani- ' cipality. About a dosen persons aat down to a ; capital spread, provided by Host Warncken.' Mr. R. H. Wigg occupied the chair, and Mr. J. E. Moulden the vioe-chair. Besides all the. Councillors, Messrs. E. T. Smith, M.P., and H. Hughes, ex-Mayors, and Walter Goocn, were. present. An influential meeting of ratepayers and: others, which was largely attended, was held at the Green's Plains Hotel, on Monday evening,. December 11, to take info consideration the, question of a water supply for the district of Green's Plains. .Mr. John Reid occupied the chair. After considerable discussion on ther matter, Mr. Tait moved—"That in the opinion, of this meeting it is desirable for the Govern ment to declare water reservoirs atthe'Coco&nut; and other suitable places within the district." On the suggestion of Mr. Scoble, Green's Plains East and Green's Plains West were inserted in the motion, which he then seconded, and it was unanimously carried. On the motion of Mr. Tait, the following was carried:—"That Go vernment be asked for a sum of £lf3oo, to make dams and reservoirs in the neighborhood of Great's Plains." Mr.Th#mas;than Diseased thattheGteen's Plains District Council fee ap pointod as a committee to dnur up a memorial, embodying the Mentions passed at the meet ing, and to present the same to the Government at an early date. This was seconded by Mr. . Barbary, and carried. \ A meeting of th? members of the Ka i panda branch of the Public Teachers' Associa i tion was fceMat&ivertonon; December 9. A eonununicationfromtfcesecH^of the Public Tnatfirrri' Associatinn was read and dueoaaod. Disappointment was expressed that the resolu tion as to pupil teachers' cxamination-papera being returned had not been enbmitted to the Education Council as requested; also that the Education Council hadatot yat supplied the list :of text-books for the next pupil teachers' ex amination, lie secretary was instructed to communicate direct with the Education Oouncil on these matters. As agreed at last meeting, Mr. Anderaonvof Kapuiuuvread a practical and animteresting«sBayon "The Art of Interro gating.*! After analysing the various kinds of questions, and showingwhioh were best adapted to children of different ages, defective questions were analysed in a dialogue form. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Anderson. Attfae next meeting Mr. Williams hasoonsented to bring' an essay forward on "How to Teach Arithmetic" About 40 persons, members of the loco motive department, South Australian Railways, met at the Bristol Tavern on Wednesday wee ing, December 13, to present an address and testimonial to Mr.B.JUis* on. the ooeasfcm of hjs retirement ftiua J&a; gooomqtive department, Mr. J. CoaU oocupieljlfe chair, abd, after a few appropriate remarav,|sa*]ated the following address, which was vieqrjrell written by Mr. O. i J, Bankine:—" To Mr. Schard Bliss, Norwood, Adelaide, Scnth Australia. December, 1876. Dear Sir —On the occasion of your retirement from the. active life in vjiich you have been for so many years engaged, we, your at tached friends and shopmates, cordially assure you of our many pleasant memories of the past, and of oar best wishes for your future. Your life hitherto has been a chequered one. The : recollections of some of us go back to the year 1840, when you, aacbief (engineer of the Courier, were in charge of the first boat that steamed out of Port Adelaide. At a subsequent period, the wreck of the City of Melbourne resulted in tin long and trying period you spent on King's island. In later day? you have been well known and much esteemed by us all as a mem beriaf the Locomotive Department, South Aus tralian Railways, in which you were engaged for 90 years. Sincerely hoping that the even ing of your life may be peacefully and plea santly passed, we bag your aoeeptanoe of the accompanying icnp as a simple testimonial of oureatoemandbestwishe?, Ob behalf of ourselvas aad about 140 staptaatejum?fuhscufwoannlves, dear sir, your smoer?firJ!Ntds. n Signed by J. Oodlee, Secretary, and eight others. The ad dress was mouuted, and framed in imitation rosewood. A* the top of tike address was a fai&ful; partcait of lie Bliss, executed at the AJ«i|Mrl«vftiffrffi^ fjf p^tf«t I fg?^|ifjy i Mr. J. W murfr- ff^pffrl^iH^^^wpT of the dopaYtmant, m. presenting the testimonial, said he had known Mr. Kiss for about 81 yean, and fee alluded** the tame,sjrhen the first liioomojtive arrived, in February, 1668. Be waft- sure that the address expressed ;the opinions of all lathe depart ment. I!hb cup was of nlfar, and stood about 16\. inobes loch. It was of * chaste design, wifcltyobjadt?? roprp?ente?g Tine atoms. The cover was chased with fera leaves, and .sur mounted by a beautifully modelled emn. The lower part of the bowl was divided into sight parts, each differeatly chased, aad renre aenting native fruits and flowers. Xni* faaodgome piece of workmansb^was aesigaat and executed on the premises of Mr. BL Sterner. It bore ths following inscription :—" Presented toMr.fiichard Bliss by his Bhopmatas,on hi* retiring from the Loco. Dept. &AJSL;, 8. Australia, Adelaide, Dee, 1876." Mr. Bliss, in responding, hoped that he might live for a long who* to caw *ue gift, and that many of those present djgfttihuJ to the same age as Wmsulf. Thelaat?yaannnrtsKwhiah he had hean in the railway had been <the happiest in his life, as,he had always: ex-* peneneed manly courtesy from his shopmates. He believad that they aUfaacL a good opinion of Mm, aad wvnld not do him aa>injury or harm. (Bear, hear.) He thankedftbem for the address and testisjMirial. Messrs. Hayman (Assistant Superintendent) and Grayson (Foreman), also spoke to. teulogistic terms of Mr. Bliss. The health of Mr.Bliss was then gives, and cordially Jr-mlr ... In co?aequence of the extreme heat of the weather, the promenade oonoert at the Botanic Gardens was bat thinly attended on Wednesday afternoon, December 13. The band performed a number of favorite airs and selec tions Batasfactorily. A musical and literary entertainment was successfully given in the Wesleyan School room, Frankiin- Bteeet, on Wednesday evening, December IS. There was a good attendance, and the Bey. S. Knight presided. Those who took part in the proceedings were Mrs. Powell, Misses Raphael, L. Baphael, Scantiebury, and Haynes, and Messrs. .BUul Gartrell. Annells, Bee, and. A. Champion. The proceeds will be devoted to the Sunday-school held in that ; building. i • The fast concert of lie fourth season of the Adelaide Amateur Musical Union will be ; given in the Town Hall (his evening. In addi tion to Henry lahee's cantata, "The?uilding of the Ship," which will-be performed for the first tame in Adelaide, .the programme includes some very choice selections of music; and the concert promises to be* highly enjoyable one. : We have been requested to notify that sub scribers' tickets can still be procured, and that although the floor of the hall is reserved for subscribers,'the gallery will be open to the public. On Monday evening, December 11, a charitable entertainment was given at the Magill Institute by several ladies and gentle men, who desired to alleviate the sufferuigs of . a family living in the neighborhood. The fraaband, we understand, has for a long time past suffered from sciatica, and is, if anything, getting worse. There is a large family, and, as I may be imagined, the bread-winner being pros trated, they are- in destitute circumstances. -The proceeds of the entertainmaut so kindly rgiven amounted to about £15 net. This is an exampurwhich is parallel caws in other parts of the colony might be worthily followed. The excessive heat of the weather had a deterrent effect on the attendance at the Theatre Boy&l; on Wednesday evening, December 13; The programme was the same as on the previous evening. MiMSflve?t6r,w the entranced lady, was placed by &c; Fakir in ? number of graceful . and pleaBing.postnres,after which "The Voyage of the Sempis" was presented and described by Dr. Silvester in such a humorous and witty manner as Jo elicit roars of laughter. "Leo," the educated lion, then made his appear ance, growMnjg ominously, but went through his performance as nsual. Miss Silvester's "Model Men; or Masks and Faces," followed. Thirls an exceedingly clever burlesque on young men who have a craving for hirsute appendages, and upon their elders who affect absurd and eccentric modes of dressing their beards, whis kers, and monstachios. The fc Shadow Song," from the opera of " Dinorah," was beautifully rendered by Madame Silvester, and it was a matter for regret that she had not a larger audience to sing it to. The ap plause which greeted her efforts was most enthusiastic, aad was thoroughly deserved. "Lost in the Forest: or,the Goblins of the Glen," with its wonderful ghost illusions and extraordinary effects, followed, and created no small amount of astonishment amongst the audience. The gorgeous fairy fountain, with its rapid changes from liquid showers of molten goM-to cascades of purest-silver, thence chang ing with magic celerity to the most gorgeous and brilliant colors imaginable, closed the per formance. 