THE BIBLE AS. A .LIYiNG BOOK. The Bible translated into mbre ' thari a hundred languages', is circulatedVamong many nations, and among all ;the .'Varieties of our race, poor and rich, young and old, learned and ignorant it manifests its- won derful power and heavenly 'character. Marvellous is the very existence , of this Book. One portion of it. was preserved by the Jews, who have been the most; careful and scrupulous' custodians' , of 'an. historical record which faithfully and severely delineates their guilt and ob- ' stinacy ; they have been the guardians of predictions which fully and clearly describe the person and work of a Messiah whom they reject; while the other portion. of the Bible has been transcribed and trans mitted by a Church, the errors of whose apostasy are anticipated and condemned in the very pages which they have so dili gently preserved. Strange, indeed, the Synagogue guarding the Old, the Church of Borne guarding the New Testament ! . Besides this, how many persecutions, open and secret, have been directed against this Book. Yet it lives; its existence is a marvel; but its vitality, while it explains the secret of its wonderful preservation, is a still greater wonder. The Book is old, but not antiquated; we venerate its antiquity, but we rejoice in its never-fail ing youth and vigour. The echo of David's voice is still heard in the chambers of meditation and prayer; the counsel of Solomon's wisdom and experience is still aiding the wanderer in the complicated paths of life. Young Timothy is still taught from his very childhood out of these hallowed pages. The Apostle Paul, according to the wisdom given unto him, is still unfolding to us the whole oounsel of God ; while the beloved disciple, accords ing to the Lord's prediction, shall tarry with us and lift us up as on eagle's wings, to adore the Eternal Son and to wait for His return. Why are we so anxious to spread this Book, and why do we regard its circula tion with such a loving interest and such an ardent hope 1 It is because the Bible is not a dead book, but intimately con nected with Him, who is Life. It is not in the usual acceptation of the expression that we assert the Bible is a living book. Not because it contains thoughts and feel ings, descriptions and aspirations, which appeal to man's heart and conscience, and are possessed of a light and beauty which can never fade. The Bible is a living book in a sense in which it cannot be predicated of any other book. It is, because God, the source of all life, because the Father the source of the new life, which is graciously bestowed on the dead in . trespasses and sins, has given this Book. Because Jesus Christ, the Life, is the sum and substance of this Book. And because the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Life, not merely moved the holy men of old who wrote the various portions of this word, but is even now breathing in and through this word upon the hearts and souls of men; This is the reason why we regard the Bible as a living Book. The .Father directs all to Jesus, as the only revelation of Himself, and the only medi ator of grace and love, and the Holy Ghost testifies of Jesus Christ and because this Scripture is a perfect and full testimony of the Saviour, a faithful and faultless picture of His countenance, of His life and work, it is for this reason that our thoughts, affections, and hopes cling to the Bible. When we circulate the Bible, we pay no superstitious tribute to a book as a book, but we circulate por traits of Jesus Christ, which the Holy Ghost makes clear and bright and attract ive to the souls of men, that, seeing Him, they are renewed and comforted. It is a striking peculiarity of our age, that the attention of thoughtful minds is so pre eminently fixed on one point, and this the centi-al one. It is the centre of the world's history, the centre of the Church's life, : the centre of all questions which agitate the consciences and hearts of im mortal men, as it Jis in the centre of .the Divine counsels. What else can we meah but the history of Jesus Christ on earth ? In no age have there been so many attempts made to reconstruct, so to speak, the history of Jesus. In no age has the cry been raised from so many quarters, " Ecce Homo !" — Behold the Man ! Is it that there is a growing consciousness among men, that He was Wonderful, that never man spake like Him, and that the influence He exerted on the world is something that is mysterious and unique 1 Nor need we be astonished at the strange misconceptions and grievous errors into which men fall, who are trying to under stand Jesus as they understand- other his torical men. For the name of Jesus is Wonderful, Enigma. His' person, his character, his life, cannot be explained- by. the ordinary rules. They .refuse to be classified Hinder the Ordinary Categories; iHe is the Great ' Miracle, the Eternal in1 .Time, God and Man. He; is hot even in His humanity intelligible, except . on- the' territory of Revelation, or, to speak more | distinctly, on Jewish ground. From the Jewish Scriptures we must learn what is meant by His being the Son of David and :the Son of Abraham, what the words Son ; of Man imply, and the words Anointed, Messiah, of whom Moses and the Prophets spake. For the history , of Jesus does not begin with his birth in Bethlehem. The first verse of Matthew sums up the Old Testament history, nor can the sequels of the gospels, epistles, and Apocalypse be understood without it. His goings forth are from of old. He who understands not the election of Abram, the exodus of Israel, the coming of Jehovah in the types of the Tabernacle, the High Priest, and the Sacrifices, the meaning of David, the shepherd-king, and of the sure mercies of David, must find insuperable difficulties in the life of Christ. All attempts to under stand Jesus Christ, separate from the Old Testament, are most unphilosophical, and can tend to no satisfactory result. For Jesus Christ is the fulfilment of Moses and the Prophets. He is not the Christ of history, but of a special history — the Divine history of Israel. True, He is the Light of the World, He is the Desire of all Nations, He is the Centre and Life of Humanity.; but He is all this because He is the Son of David, the Son of Abraham, for salvation is of the Jews. The Gospel narrative is like a high table land, but we cannot be spared the ascent from Genesis to Malachi. When the beauty of Christ's character and the simplicity and depth of His teaching attract men's minds, they flatter themselves that Jesus is the efflor escence of humanity, that history had pro duced him, that nature is glorified in Him. But salvation is of the Lord. Jesus is above all, because He is from above. He came in the fulness of time, and belonged to Israel ; the God of Abra ham and Isaac and Jacob is the God and Father of ourLord Jesus Christ. When Jesus quotes the Scaipture, this does not merely prove to us that He regarded them as authority and truth, but it reveals to us the organic, vital, and necessary con-, nection between the Christ and the Nation. And if there are any who are not able clearly to understand the mean ing of His life aud the secret of His mis sion, to whom His death appears as a mysterious problem, and who walk in doubt and gloom even now that the Church testifies of Him continually, He lives above for us, He lives on earth on in us — in no other way can they be brought into the clear and full light than as the disciples on their way to Emmaus. Beginning at Moses and all the prophets, the risen Jesus expounded to them in all the Scriptures the things concerning Himself. It appears like reasoning in a circle when we say we receive the Bible because of Christ, and we receive Christ through the Bible. But the difficulty disappears when we view Jesus Christ in connection with tho nation of Israel, and God's deal ings with them as recorded in Scripture ; and then we see : — there is a nation differ ent from all nations — the Jews — chosen by God that He may reveal Himself to and through them ; there is a man differ ent from all men, the Lord from Heayen, Jesus the Son of David, the Son of God, Messiah of Israel and Head of the Church. And there is a booh different from all other books, the record of God's dealings with Israel, culminating in the manifestation of that Redeemer whose goings forth are from of old, even from Everlasting. . Both Romanists and Rationalists charge us with an exaggerated estimate of Scrip ture, and to both our reply is the same. Luther found peace for his troubled con science in Jesus, as the Righteousness of God. And because Jesus had become all in all 'to him, he laid such stress on the Bible, where he had found Jesus. It was Jesus who riveted his heart, and it was Jesus, on whose account he felt, as he expressed it, - "wedded to the Bible." For higher than the Bible is — not the Church, but the Holy Ghost, who reveals Christ in the written word, so that it becomes to us the Word of God, the voice of the beloved. That Spirit, who not merely moved thei holy men of old as they wrote, but who now moves us when we read, so that the Word is, as it were, inspired again. And when we read of the guilt and misery of man, of the grace and love of God, of the death and resurreotion of Jesus ; when we read words like these — "Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters. I am the Resurrection and the Life.: Come unto Me, and I will . give you rest " — there is a message heard as proceeding rfrom a Living and Loving' Onej and the -Book is no longer a Book ; we deal not with dead texts and sentences, but with, the Word of God, quick and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword; pierc ing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow,- and is a discerner of the thoughts and in tents of the heart, and all things are opened; unto the eyes of Him—the living Word; in the written word — with whom we have to do. In this faith we love the Scriptures; We believe, moreover, in the simplicity of the word. Valuable as. is all historical ' information and critical research, wc hold that the pages of Scripture are not inac cessible to the simple andjilliterate. It is strange, that when Jehovah ceased to be a living reality among the Jews, the reign of scribes and interpreters commenced, and the people who Had not a learned knowledge of Scripture were accounted worthless. No sooner had Christ ceased to be the great centre, than tradition com menced to place itself between the laity and the Word. And however Rationalism may wear a different guise from Rabbinism and Romanism, the principle is the same. Instead of saying and believing, "Thus saith the Lord," Traditionalism and Intel- lectualism substitute human opinions and wisdom. But we hold, that the entrance of the Word, and not of the commentary giveth light. The lettered man without the Spirit cannot understand the Word ; but the spiritual man, though unlettered, will, notwithstanding many mistakes and misconceptions of an external kind, under stand the Scripture. And what striking illustrations have we now-a-days of pur blind Argus full of eyes! Great philo logical learning, archaeological research, and topographical knowledge are brought to bear on the education of Scripture, and what is the result? The peculiar and essential element of the Divine history is, if not altogether banished, yet reduced to a minimum ; and the history of Israel becomes singularly like the history of any other nation, and the Word, which is a Word of prophecy, into which the men who uttered and wrote it had themselves to search and inquire, loses its distinctive, heavenly, God-given character. How dif ferent was the Psalmist ! He certainly knew Hebrew— it was his mother-tongue. He was intimately acquainted with Eastern manners and customs, for he lived in them. And yet, when he read the books of Moses his .prayer was, " Open thou mine eyes, that I may behold wonders out of thy law!" He recognised in the Scriptures the existence of deep spiritual meanings, given by God Himself. And how different from this modern ap.d fashionable exegesis of the Apostle Paul, and of Paul's Divine Lord and Teacher, the Saviour, who has the key of Scripture, and unfolds to us the mystery of His Person, His Death, His Resurrection, out of the Hebrew Scrip tures. Verily, there may be many un learned and simple men, who see Jesus Christ in the Scriptures, and while their hearts are- burning within them, their understanding of the word is infinitely more correct and more profound than that of the scribes and schoolmen, with all their accuracy and erudition. For they start with the right principle : the Bible is a Divine Revelation— and with the right key — it testifies of Christ, and with the true Light, without which all sundials are useless. : . Who can enumerate the manifold bles sings which God has , sent : through His word : In how rnariy households it has brought the first rays of Divine light and love into the hearts of children ; how many young men have cleansed their way by taking heed thereto according to His word; how many mourners it has com forted, how many deathbeds have been irradiated by the promises of the faithful Saviour which it , contains. What the Bible is, practical life,r experience discloses, and the history of 'thousands upott; thou sands proves the Divine origin . and power of. our Bible; ... i,;, . And so the disciples of Jesus. Christ be come more and more convinced, 1 that amidst all difficulties' and doubts \ amidst' all the subtle ,' and po w.er'ful. antagonistic influences of tWage, their duty as well as their wisdom is, to carry out in all sim plicity the Master's commission. God needs no defenders, but He wants messen gers; Jesus Christ needs no defenders,' but He sends forth witnesses. Proclaim the truth. It will defend itself ; it will' by its own power and beauty enter the heart. The. Apostolic Church spent all its energy on this— that they testified of a risen ; Saviour. If the Word itself is not power ful, what power is in our recommending or defending the Word 1 Jesus sends us into the world as His witnesses/ We are to be His living Bibles ; in us the resurrection > life of Jesus is to be manifest. If. a man asserts that the, Bible is the Word of God, and if he himself is not influenced' by-this Word- as by ? a1 Divine; heavenly; glorious message of i peace and life, !he is ' an argu ment against tlie, Bible.; But every ; one who has heard.' the joyful sound and rejoic ing in- the 'sal vatioA'o walks in the light of Gold's cbuntenance, is . not merely an argumpai't for the -Bible, but; he himself is an epistle. of Christ, written not' with ink;- but' with' the Spirit of thp living . God. ' ' ;; Tiie Roman Catholics at Hotspur, not having been visited by a Romisli clergyman for up wards of two years, contemplate casting in their lot with the Wesleyans. 