Melbourne Revisited. Triton ouït OWN COHRKSFONDENT.] The Beaney affair terminated, as I prognosticated by telegraph, in an exoneration from all blame of that cele brated doctor who was virtually on his trial. Dr. Nield, the dramatic critic who, with Dr. Barker, was the chief accuser, refused to answer some pertinent questions put to him by Mr. Purves, who watched the case for the accused. Dr. Barker was also a keen rival with Dr. Beaney for the honorary surgeonship of the Mel bourne Hospital, and the whole affair was attributed to professional jealousy, which was the cause of the detective force being put in motion from the first, and tho matter having passed from tho law courts will form the subject of au attempt in Parliament to lind out tho writer of a lotter in tho Argus, signed "Practi cal Surgeon," which iirst drew public attention to the operation on Berth. Thero wore great rejoicings at the I result of tho inquest, and champaguo in certain ; hostelries flowed copiously. For Eome reasons it Í3 to j bô regretted that tho enquiry over took place, j as it chows tbs b?.d imderctaüdiag existing I ciuctongct; tho inc-mbsrs cf a nebia niofecsisn -, . but afc tha , si^& tims it will serve" to maka ; the Hospital authorities mers alive to their duties and ; cause arTend to be put to tho loess practica of performing \ vitally critical operations without sufficient or any con sultation. THJ3 TUKATUK STALLS. i I referred at some length lately to the brazen ' splendour of the demi monde, aud the vagaries and unseemly conduct of its members bas roused tho public to indignation, so that there have appeared in the papers several strong remonstrances against their ad mission to thc stalls of the theatres. air. Lyster, the lessee of the Opera Houso, who was moro pointedly . accused of sinning in this respeet, has promised, in a letter to tho Argun, to exclude fallen women from his stalls, but be complained that just now, as thero is a rush to his theatre, and people who come do not find room enough for thom to give the " soiled doves" a berth wide enough to satisfy the virtuous and respect able-there is au outcry against them. But Mr. Lyster goes on, iu reality, if not in so inauy words, to remind thc public that for a great portion of tho year they lot. tho stalls bo given over to Delilah and bor Sampson?, and bc trusts that tho patronage of tin; " proper" rk'.T.c."; with {\>r wini il« iü-uiues will bc co"-=Í£-üEur.?.l5 v ith i...,, irrii;...- : .1 Jiûurke-2'.ïCît Í'ATC-II:-: bnc 2 nc^::,-i:.- cf cccu::.-.'. fcis'ttóck'írom thicvec. oz ¿rc- which rb;-:!-!bc- cencr'aïiy adopted. His shutters are of strong brass rails, so that the interior is quite opuu to public scrutiny all night as tho gas is left buruiug. No burglar would of course carry on bis nefarious trade, as they always prefer tho dark, and a Uro must bo discovered im mediately. It ia a good advertisement too. TUB CHAMPION" AN!» TUB COL'ltSE. Thc street traffic of Melbourne is enormous. There aro over 20Ú0 cabs, chiefly of the four-whorl car order. Tho 'busses ply on the long routes, and, as J said be fore, aro excel I cut. Fares aro v«ry reasonable by thc bye-laws, but the cabuiou rarely adhere to thom. Itacc time is their harvest. Flemington, whero tbe course is situated, is about four miles from Melbourne, and is accessible by road, rail, and river. Trains run right to the stand and hill; fare: first-class return, 3s; second \ ditto, 2s. Thc admiGsion to the flat is free, to tho hill 2a, ¡«id the grand itmnl ¿Us. The course ia oae of tho finest iu the world ; it is boautif tilly level and green the season lias been wet), tho Saltwater Uiver skirts one side of it, and the hill affords a capital view of the whole course for 30,000 people ; the grand stand, of stone, handsomely fitted and perfect for seeing from, accomodates 2500 people. No finer sight presents itself in this part of tho world than the stand and hill on race days. The dresses of tho ladies are magni ficent, and all the arrangements faultless. The book making fraternity muster iu much stronger forco than in Sydney, and are, if possible, louder in dress and voice. Seemingly, too, they aro better patronised and more prosperous, and certainly if ihe> pull off many little swindles iiko that perpe trated on the Champion Day they ought to thrive. Some of tho fraternity kept tho only horse in the race that could havo a show with the favourite in the list till they had got all tho money they could against bim, then had lum scratched. Tho favourite was pulled so tmniistakeably that it was a wonder that the jockey was not mobbed. I think, in such a caso, losers to any large extent should compare notes so as to discover tho real delinquents. But then tho " leviathans" do their bettin; in such cases by means of agents, and it is almost impossible to get at the lirst offenders. Con spicuous amongst the crowd of beguiling " gouts" who ran to and fro in front of thc st»ntl frantically offering odds, was a sedate phlogmutic Chinaman in tho dress of his n-itivo country. Ile did not voicifcrate, but held his book open, and at times addressed persons, and often with success, when he entered thc transaction with calm dclibcrati tn. I was under thc impression th it gambling in" Victoria had been checked by the Betting Bill, but so far as tho course goes I was mis ¡ taken. I COUIiSK üAjruuxci. i On the hill the betting men outuuruberod those at our biggest mcotings-ten lo one. Perched upon emi- ? nenccB, consisting chiefly of gin cases, they roared ont their tempting offers with nings of brass, getting more and moro energetic as the event they wished to speculate upon drew nigh. Ono phaso of investment, which I never saw practised on the Randwick course, attracted my attention. A loud-voiced varlet, dressed in jockey costume of silk, cap and all, stood upon a brandy case, getting up swoops. When I first saw him, he was operating upon thc Champion Pace, crying, " 'ero yo ure, five bob sweeps, 28 in, mimer takes £3." AB this left him 10s for his trouble, ho was pretty AVCII paid. Tho crowd pressed round him, and as they handed in their crowns lie gavo each investor a ticket entitling them to draw a horse. He sold chances, folded up tho tickets, gavo change, and kept up a running fire of chaff, entreaty and speculations upon tho race, with a volubility that would have fitted him for a rostrum or a pulpit, while his smart unerring manipulation of coin would have been of great service in a bank on busy days. The man ner 'in which he dealt out change, owed and paid six pences as ho got them, while he waa all tho time getting ready and delivering tickets was surprising. As ho got up six sweeps for the ono race in nu incredibly short space of time, he must have been pretty well paid. : Like all other great men ho had imitators, but he was tho swell in his particular linc. There seemed to bc no doubt as to his bona fides, though, of courso bo could easily havo been uon cst at tho termination of tho race. ,; I4TTXB GAMES. Then there was the maa who sold tho purses full of half-crowns which mysteriously turned to penco and ! half-pence when purchased, though the speculator bad plainly seen the silver put carfully in and even cpuu in the air and caught in tho purse. It was not our old friend of Randwick, who has gone in for the.show business and has the three-legged calf, but ho did his business very deftly. Besides, there were the old Aunt Sally, -whose venerable locks floated in the balmy breeze-tho ringo and pins-the two-pins and ball, and other games that look so charmingly simple but are so exasperatingly difficult when essayed, as well as tho "three little peas, and tho one littlo thimble," the threo cards and all tho little things which wo bad better " not understand," and all these were carried on right under tho noses of tho police. TUB AMUSEMENTS. Itiueraut vocalists, black and white, assured their mothers that they had " come home to die" and were i lugubrious enough to leave no doubt of it, or addressed " Bonnie Annie Lylo" with sweet words. Ono per formance was interesting, and novel in theso colonies, i.e., the performing birds and mico. A loquacious peripatetic had a staud on which were cages containing canaries, grass parrots, and finches, while white mice crawled over tho cloth. Tho canaries ho put into jackets leaving their heads out at tho top, so that they looked wouderfully comical. Then be put them into a littlo carriage, and at a call a grass parrot carno out of the cage and put its head into a collar at tho end of tho shafts, and draggod them along tho board. Tho mico walked a ropo er. la. Blondín with balancing coles in their mouths, and t!:e birds fired cannons, drs7/ «/ater and performed, ether feats. At the back, cn tho tcp cf thc hil!, were the bec-the, and patronage- v/as not wanting. Tbs attendance was good ¿nd the vast concourse that crowded thc hill and stand, or gathered round tho rails as the great raco was run, formed a great spectacle. I estimated that there were 20,000 persons present, but the Victorians with their characteristic liability to "evolve from their inner con sciousness," claimed the number as 30,000. OUTING H. On Now Year's Day there was a grand gala. There were picnics galore,1 beside the champion, and every class of vehicle was brought into requisition, to draw tho pleasure-seekers to the scenes of their festivities. The Melbourne people are Uko tho Londoners in this respect. Drays, carts, even "lorries," aro fitted with tilts.aud seated,undlilledwithgayparties, chiefly of the humbler classes. I am afraid a small per ecntage of the equine raco get a rest on holidays, and tho ex-secretary of tho society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, aware of this, addressed letters to the people of Mel bourne upon tho advisability of imowiug them some consideration. . THU NIGHT SHOWS. Thovavitomiiucs arc, of cour-ce, a great SUCOHSS, mid dt;f' d'.nrerç cie^-dsd boure:. Tbs i'o;-i« ts !'-o »>estl rc:c!acu!2i." b'rin» a mc:.!; gerrut dkcirj<-[ !.:;:.'.!, al! tb/eonccmilanls that go to mats vp a^C'hrlctmas pantomime. Thc prologue was written by Mr. Garnet Walch, and sparkles with puns aud jen <lh:sprit. The plot, of course, has nothing to do witb the piece, and only serves to introduce jokes, songs, marches, transfor ma tions,anU au excellent panoraiuo of the Prince's trip to India, by Mr. Hemmings. The expense, of course, must have been enormous, but thc returns will, no doubt, fully recompense the spirited lessees, Messrs. Horwood, StcwnrtTaud Co. Three of them played tn the prologue, viz., Messrs. Howard, Stewart ¡md Greville-, who .sustained thc principal characters. They arc all great favourites, though they have been in Melbourne for years, and appear almost nightly. Mr. Greville has only to walk on to thc stage, and he is sure of round after round of applause. All these gentlemen are possessed of considerable means, and hold largely in Theatre Royal shares. Tho Opera, House. piece is more of u. burlusuuu opera tliau a pantomime, but it is very popular. The vocalism of course is splendid, as the Lester company with Miss Emelie Melville aro res Eousiblo for the sougs and music. Tho scenery y Mr. Hubbe is very beautiful Tho chief "set" is a wonderful mixture of all that is beautiful under the sea and on tho earth as pictured in fairy talcs. There are lovely coral and . shells, gorgeous flowers and fruits, rippling rills of silver and gold, all backed by hazy mountains swimming in a voluptuous mist till they are lost in the distance. ' Grand flowers unfold and disclose nymphs ;, chroniothrophs wheels of all hues revolvo; pillars whirl, and fresh raptures burst on the vision till the stago is ablaze with lim>light and tinsel and flashing beams. The eminent artist receives a well-deserved " call" each night, and takes it with tho modesty characteristic of genius. I was highly pleused with a scene in the boxes of tho Itoyal. A benevolent- looking, portly old Chinese gentloman was treating his little nephews and neices to the pantomime. Tho recipients of his bounty were Chinese children, dressed in nativo costume, their hair being done up into a complicated coiffure. The old boy was doing tho thing in styli»-gavo them books and lollies in front seats, and smiled just as an English uncle might. Ho beamed on tho little party, who seemed to enjoy the thing immnnsely. _ The Fakir of Oolu Iras done a tremendous business siuco he got his ghost and other illusions into fair work ing order. His ghost and improved fountain, con structed in Melbourne, aro acknowledged to bo unap proached in their line, and ho promises a waterfall illumined by the limo light, to occupy tho entire breadth of the stage. SORENTO. This now celebrated watering place has rapidly sprung into popularity as the greatest resort of people on Sundays and holidays, through the action of a com pany formed by Mr. Coppin, the well-known legislator, comedian, and speculator, - who run their large and powerful steamboat, the Golden Crown, to its salubrious shores each Sunday and holiday. At first this innova tion caused much indignation amongst the Sabbatarians, who called a meeting for the purpose of offering up prayers that she might be sunk on tho voyage, and this caused tho place to bo well advertised. Mr. Duffy, tho well-known statesman, was tho first who built a house of any .great dimensions at Sorento, but since Mr. Coppin chose it as a site 'for a residence, and with a company, took up land there, the place has taken precedence as a fashionable sea-side resort.' Sorento stands upon a narrow neck, of land about a mile across, on the eastern side of Fort Phillip, 33 miles from Melbourne, and ending in Point Nepean. The company first cut and made a splendid road across from Sorento, which is inside the bay,'to tho ocean or Back Beach, where there is a People's Reserve, known as the Amphitheatre, a magnificent indentation., They then built a jetty, and purchased tho powerful steam boat the Golden Crown, in New Zealand .After her passage across, they put nn upper deck on her, and she can now cany 1000 people comfortably, and steam 111 knots an hour. She is fitted with,'a spacious dining saloon and two bars, and is furntslwd.' with sitting accommodation for tho number stated above. Tho fares, which had been cxhorbitantly high before, they, lowered to 5s; return for tho same day, 7s (Jd, Kyail able for three days. Their i.oxS move was lo build a palace hotel called tho Continental, and tho placo really deserves the name of "palace." It is built cf stone, is three stories high, and has a tower command ing a view of tho bay and ocpan.aud country round on four cides. The Continental is splendidly furni»hed, makes up 100 beds, and is fitted throughout with elec trio bells. Nothing could exceed tho cooking and tho wines and other liquors are of tho best, the charges being the «ame as in town, 10s per day, and the week as agreed upon. Mr. Cleary, who ha« had considerable experience as a landlord in Tatmaniajiejtho lessee. On tho beach there are splendid baths, with lino clear water and a sandy bottom. Fish hi any quantity can ho caught from tho bay in boats, tho water being " stiff" with flathead and good sport too is lo bo bael from tho end of thc jetty. These aro pleasures of tho inside, but they havo to palo their ineffectual fires before tho grand glories of tho Back Beach lo which thc visitor is conveyed by car for sixpence. Upon reachiug the top of thc sandy hill bordering tho coast, where alighting is necessary, a magnificent panorama presents itself. There the ocean rolls in with its ceaseless roar, dashing on to tho rocks, which it has cut into fantastic and varied shapes, and worn the weaker strata away in the shape of lovely basins and quaint archways. These terminate on the shore in beautiful glistening white sands, ou which shells of all 'descriptions aro cast. At low tide, between tho head lands, a large fiat reef is accessible, and on it aro tho most ravishingly clear pools eyer seen by mortal oyo. In their depths arc bright weeds, shells, and anemones, inviting ono to bathe. At tho water edge, whero the ssa frets and fumes, thero is capital fishing. On the shore are caves and quiet nooks, while gigantic moni tors of hexagonal form keep solitary , watch as. if defying storm and wave. Close to this place Buckley, Marman, and Pye, the three convicts escaped from Colonel Collin's ships in 1803, when he tried to form but abandoned tho 'settlement. Marman and Pye re turned to the ships, but Buckley made the detour of Port Phillip right round Point Lonsdale on the Western side, and on to Cape Otway where he joined the natives. He was therefore the first white man who trod the pre sent site of Melbourne. Round about Sorento there is plenty of rabbit shooting, and horses and traps can be got from tho "Continental." From the Back Beach, Cape Schanck, only 12 miles distant can be seen, and the ships passing to and fro, together with the fine view shoreward, make up a landscape rarely seen. The few sheoaks left by the limeburners make the country look like a nobleman's park in England. Limestone abounds and accounts for the healthy nature of the place, which is not surpassed in Victorie. There are now a large number of private villas of goodly proportions around. The Golden Crown runs three clays a week and every Sunday and holiday leaving Sandridge at 9.30 a.m., and Sorento at 6 a.m. and 3.35 p.m. The trip takes about three hours and a call is made at Queenscliff. I spent Christmas and New Year there in compoany with Mr. Garnet Webb, the ... iair'~ nc ii:rcr ciVc'. f-r nn rktt'"'» cruld" tV'-c Veted I shs ''¿'."rr. Bkzrú'l*. Iks"ëSincnfc ccnnciscc-nr cí gemr, a»d winsr., and naturalist there, and enjoped much a long account ho gave mc of tho geographical forma tion of Ihe district, about which I can any nothing iu this letter. I shall be rblc to describe tho route over land from Melbourne to Sydney in my nest. Mr. E. lioyds, say:* thc JJruiihcuo't JJc<¡iutch, recently brought through town three magnificent stud matrons on their way from Ifichmond Lo Jembaicumbene. Tho first two. IS'idlie Brandon and Lady Emily (own sister:! to Tim WJufflor, by Now Warrior, hud each a colt fort! at her side by Maribyrnong, the renowned sire of Ki ch mond, Imperial, and a host of other winners. Thc third marc, Archeress, had a colt foal with her by Tim Whittier, who is cortaiuly one of thc finest specimens of yoiuig horseflesh that we have seen for many a day; ono that should, if ho improves with £>ge, mako for hicwclf. a great IÍÍÍÜIU upon thc turf. 