Supreme Court. CRIMINAL SITTINGS. Tuesday, aphil 11. (Before his Honor Judge Lutwyche.) - MURDER. Alexander Rixson, was charged with mur dering his wife Annie Gordon Rixson. The examination of Dr Little continued : I do not think it at all probable that the marks on the windpipe were sufficiently severe to compress it, and I think it very probable that the marks were caused by deceased herself; had death been due to strangulation I should have expected to find some internal injuries to the windpipe ; I think she may have inflicted the marks herself, from their position ; sup- posing the marks to have been made by the woman herself, I should say they were done with the right band ; death might be caused by strangulation without there being any marks on the throat, supposing that a person had been sick or under the influence of drink ; external marks on the throat, and a knowledge of collateral circumstances would greatly assist in forming an opinion as to death hav- ing been caused by apoplexy or strangula- tion. Hy His Honor — Strangulation is always accompanied by a greater or a lesser degree of violence ; in case of sickness or drunken- ness the external marks might be very slight, or none at all ; the amount of violence requisite being very little ; supposing there to have been great pressure on the throat causing death I should expect to find internal marks, and the symptoms of a struggle ; the tongue might be protruding, but not necessarily ; the face would be li -? i-i ; 'he eyeballs would probably be protruding ; I am not familiar with Shakspeare's description of the murder of the Duke of Gloucester, in King Henry VI [The quotation was here read by His Honor : ' See how the blood is settled on his face ! Oft have I seen a timely-parted ghost Of ashy semblance, meagre, pale, and bloodless, Being all descended to the laboring heart ; Who, in the conflict that it holds with death, Attracts the samg for aidance 'gainst the enemy ; Which with the heart, there, cools, and ne'er returneth To blush and beautify the cheek again. But see, his face-is black, and full of blood ; His eyeballs further out than when he lived, Staring full ghastly like a strangled man : His hair upreared, his nostrils stretched with struggling, His hands abroad displayed, as one that grasped And tugged for life, and was by strength subdued. " Yes, I should consider that an excellent des- cription ; in a death from great violence I should expect to see frothy blood issuing from the mouth, and perhaps the ears ; the deceased's face was livid, but not markedly so ; I did not notice that her eyeballs were pro- truded, and no protrusion of the tongue ; on the last examination I opened the windpipe and found it internal y very red ; that redness might have been caused by decomposition; I am still not satisfied as to the cause of the death. By the Foreman of the Jur — If the woman was under the influence of liquor oea'h might readily be caused by strangu ation without showing any further external marks than were discovered on the dcceased ; there was no evi ence of deceased having taken brandy, or spirits of salt-:, or nitre; the coats of the stomach were burst from natural causes. Dr. Power deposed that he was at prisoner's house on the 14th M-.rch ; was there on the first occasion about half-past twelve ; a woman was then lying there dead ; she was lying on ! the bed on her back, with her left hand oy her side, and the right one across her chest ; the body was cold and stiff, and had apparently been dead for four or five hours ; standing at the foot of the bed ; I noticed that there w re finger or nail marks on the throat ; I got on to the bed and examined them closely ; thought they were on each side of the throat, and more on the left than on the right side ; asked the on- lookers (there were several women and prisoner there) " How did these marks come ?" prisoner said they may have been caused by the trinket she wore, and he brought to me a little locket and chain : I looked at the chain and locket and said, ' that would not account for those marks ;" I asked who took them off her neck, and he replied that his wife had, before she died ; subsequently at 2.30 p.m. on the same day, in conjunction with Dr. Little, I made a post mortem examination ; we found the lungs full of dark blood [Witness here described the general appearance of the lungs, the description bring similar to that given by Dr. Little.] before commencing the post mortem we examined tbe external marks on the neck ; I am not able to account for her death by natural causes ; from the marks on her throat and general appearance ; I think it probable that death was caused by suffocation or strangula- tion, perhaps both ; I come to this conclusion from the appearance of the body after death, and the post mortem examination ; the only other death that could have caused these ap pearances would be apoplexy ; my reasons for believing that she did not die of apoplexy are. first, that death from apoplexy is, as a rule, not a sudden form of death ; although a sudden death from this cause is possible, it is rare ; generally some other disease is forund with the apoplexy. some cause for the apoplexy ; in this case, the organs were all perfectly healthy ; the brain presented an appearance that might be found after death, either from apop exy or strangulation; I ground my belief that death resulted from strangulation on other signs ; my opinion is confirmed by the evidence I have heard taken in the case ; I always was of opinion that the marks of violence on her throat were not self inflicted ; in my capacity as magistrate, I he d an enquiry into this case; the evidence now produced is signed by me as presiding magistrate ; the evidence I now look at was given by the prisoner, and is signed by him ; it was read over to him before be signed it. ' By His Honors Death might possib'y bave been caused Jby apoplexy ; in my own ex perience I never saw a sudden death from apoplexy ; I have seen several deaths from that cause, but thsv were always .rolonged ; I cannot-remember within my own experience a death from apoplexy occurring within two hours from the attack ; as a matter of science I know tbat apoplexy is sometimes the cause of instantaneous death ; the redness we noticed in tbe throat might have been caused by de- ' composition ; it was more confined to the upper portion of the throat, in a position cor responding with tbe extern ;il marks of violence. The evidence given by Rixson at the inquest, was here put in as evidence and read. The following is a copy : — ' A exandcr iRtxson, a laborer, residing in Maryborough, aud husband of the deceased, deposed — I was married to her a week last Saturday ; she has been living with me since then, till the time of her death, which took pinue ai- iu ou a in. ycsieruay ; sne was always ailing ; on Sunday last she complained of a pain in her head and a sore finger; she laid down for three hours ; she got better, aud got up and cooked the meals ; on Monday de ceased complained of an awful headache, and laid down for an hour and-a-half ; that even ing she went to bed at six o'clock, and I went too ; on Sunday I brought her haif-a-pint of brandy ; I did not see her take it ; on Monday night she complained three times of being ill — of pains in ber side and stomach ; the first time was at 12 o'clock, and then at 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning;' she did not appear very ill ; I got np at 6 o'clock and she got up at 7 on Tuesday morning ; she laid the cloth and got the things ready ; she could not lift the kettle off the fire ; after this she went and laid down upon the bed ; this was about ten minu-es past 8 in the morning ; she had nothing to eat or drink that morning ; I got her some coffee, but she refused to take it ; I went oat to dig some potatoes about twenty minutes past 9 ; I came in again about 10 o'clock ; I found her lying on the bed throw ing her hands about ; she was speechless ; I spoke to her but she did not answer ; I then went for a Mr. Dan Kinuane, who lived close at hand ; Mrs. Kinnane rubbed tbe hands of deceased and tried to make her speak, bnt she could not; I tben sent for Mrs Griffin, who arrived in about two minutes ; she told me to run for a doctor ; I did so, and brought Dr. Little ; my wife was dead on his arrival ; she had not been attended by any medical man during the time of our marriage, or taken any medicine ; we had lived on good terms ; ex cepting the half -pint of brandy, I never heard of my wife drinking : she might have done so without my knowledge ; I reported the death ts the police by Dr. Little s advice ; my wife ?was 26 years of age. a native of Surrey, Eng land ; she had been about nine months in the colony, and was a passenger by the Tim Whiffler ; she had no relatives in the colony ; I cannot tell if she had ever been married before ; she had b.:en a servant before I married her ; I have never seen a person in convu'sions ; I do not know if my wife was in 'convulsions ; my wife could not have been in sensible for more than an honr and a quarter ; a few nights before this my wife slept very heavily ; she snored very much ; no change was made in her dress from the time she died until she was sepn by the doctor. Mrs. hae, recalleu : Deceased was a ship ma e of mine by tbeffim Whiffl;r ; she was a very delicate person ; she was very small and thin. Tbis concluded the examination of witnesses for the Crown. No wi nesfes were called of behalf of the prisoner. Mr. Blake, Q.O., declined, as prisoner was undefended, to address the jury. His Honor told pri-oner that if he so desired he conld now address the jury. Rixson said he only wanted to ask a question — ' Why should a man's life be sworn away by two common prostitutes ? It is a!l false which they have said. The reason why I turned Lydia out w-is because she was not fit to live with. I am ' innocent of the death of that woman ; I handed Lydia the potatoes in the back door ; she was sitting on the step ; no such conver sation ever took plare between us. When I turned her out I said I did so because I was going to get another woman; she said she would like to see me hung ; if God was to strike me dead, I never said it ; if Td have done any thing Td have said it, so help me God. I would ; since I've been in the lockup I've always slept and eat and drank weli (such as I got) ; I couldn't do that if I had this on my mind ; I lived under a lawyer for two years and seven months at home, and I've got a good character from him in my box. That's all I have to say.' ±iis lionor in summing up 6aia mere were vpry few points to which he need allude. Before returning a verdict the jury must be thoroughly satisfied as to the cause of death. If they were satisfied that she was murdered, then they must be satisfied beyond any reason able doubt — beyond any doubt that any reasonable mind might entertain — that prisoner took her life before they could return a verdict of guilty. Strong suspicion is not sufficient, they must be sure that his hands were the direct cause of her death, and there was no direct testimony to that effect ; the greatest difficulty was the medical evidence, and there was a good deal of doubt here. Dr. Little had asserted that he was not satisfied in his own minrl onrl if llio flrirlon liar? nn^oil lio-n lin i should have told them to acquit the prisoner. But there was other and very strong evidence, and if the jury had no reasonable doubt they must return a verdict of guilty. His Honor then read over the evidence. After an absence of half an hour, the jury returned with a verdict of Not Guiliy, and : prisoner was discharged. 