ELEANORS IVtOTORY. CHAPTER XL. —Coxnx ceb. % RESOLVED. or tss acthob. or "ju^ai jltcdlk's secret,' ^abbora F&orn;," &c;,, Ac. She said these l«t words almost in a whisper, rather as if die had been speaking to herself than to herhusband; bat Gilbert Monckton heard those whispered syllables, and drew his own conclusions from then. Unhappily, everywoTd that Mrs. Monckton uttered tended to confirm her husband's doubts and to increase bis wretchedness. He seated himself in a reading-chair upon the opposite side of the hearth, and, drawing a lamp close to his elbow, buried himself, or appeared to bury himself, in his newspapers. But everv now and then the upper margin of the " Times," or tbe " Post," or the " Atbenseum," or the "Saturday." or whatever journal the lawyer happened to be. perusing—and he took up one after the other -with a fretful restlessness that betokened a tnind ill at easedropped a little lower than the level of the reader's eye>, and Mr. Monckton looked across the edge of the paper at hie. wife. Almost evfcry time he did so he found that Eleanor's eyes were fixed noon the clock. The discovery of this fact speedily became a torture to him. He followed his wife's eyes to the slowly moring hands upon the enamelled dial. He watched the minute hand as it glided from one figure to another, marking intervals of five minutes that seemed like five hours. Even when he tried to read, the loud ticking of the wretched timepiece came between him and the sen® of the page upon which his eyes were fixed, and the monotonous sound seemed to deafen him. Eleanor sat quite still in her low easy chair. Scraps of fancy-work and open books lay upon the tabk beside her, but she made no effort to beguile the evening by anyfeminine occupation. Laura Mason, rustless for "want of employment and companionship, flattered about the room like some discontented butterfly, stopping every now and then before a looking-glass to contemplate come newly-discovered effect in the elegant costume which she called bor pink;." but Eleanor took no notice whatever of her murmured exclamations and appeals for sympathy. " I don't know what's come to you, Kelly, since your marriage," tbe young lady cried at last: after vainly trying to draw Mrs. Monckton's attention to tbe manifold beauties of gauze puffings and floating streamers of ribbon: " you don't seem to take any interest in life. You're quite a different girl to what you were at Hazlewood—before Launcelot came home." Mr. Monckton threwdo^vn the "Atbenseum," and took up " Punch," at this juncture. He stared vith a stony face at one of Mr. Leeeh's most genial cartoons, and glanced almost vengofully at the familiar double columns of jokes. Eleanor looked away from the clock to answer her companion's peevish complaint. " I am thinking of Mr. de Crespigny," she said; " he may be dying while we ate sitting here." , Mr. Monckton dropped " Punch," and looked, openly this time, at his wife's fkce. Could it be, after all, that her abstraction of manner really arose from no deeper cause than her regret for tbe loss of ihis old man, who was her dead father's ftiend, and who had displayed an especial affection for her! Could it be so ? Xo' Her words that night had revealed more than a common sorrow such as this. They had betrayed the secret of a bidden struggle—a woman's grief—not easily to be repressed or overcome. There is no knowing how long the lawyer might have sat brooding over his troubles under cover of the newspapers, but presently lxe remembered some papers which he liad brought from London that afternoon, and which it was his imperative duty—in the interests of a very important client—to road that night He pushed away tbe lamp, rose from his low chair, and went to the door of the drawingroom. " t am'Jgoing to my study,, Eleanor;" he said; " I slvall most likely spend the rest of the evening, there, and J. nay he obliged, to be very late. You won't sit .up for me f' " Oh, ho; not unless you wish it" "On no account, Goodnight Goodnight, Laura." , Even while his wife wished him good night, her eyes wandered uneasily back to the dbek. 4^quarteE.$o fep... |. And ihe hash't onco Jooked at my pinkl^ murmured : Miss Mason/ as' her guardian left ; ithi? dpntti^rqdfo.' • , Scarcely had the door clos^l when ]3t&nor; Mohpkton rbse ir^m her chair. i Hpr flushed cheeks flamed with crimson brightness; .her eyes were/ lighted up as if a pre had burned in h^diiatod ptipila. | tftn-'igOT% t6 : "1>i&i; Bald,' !l abruptly; " I am'veiT'tii^i; 'md'hightf She took* candle from a table nea.r the door, lit it, and humed from the room before Laam could question hear or remonstrate with her « Shc doesn't look tired," thought Miss Mason; " she looks as it die were going to a ball ; or goiug to have the scarlatina. I think I looked like that when I was going to have tbe scarlatina; and when Lanncdot proposed ° Five minutes after the stable-clock bad struck ten, the great door of Tolldale Priory was opened bv a cautious hand, and Mrs. Monckton stole out of her house with a woollen cloak wrapped about her, and her head almost buried in the h >od belonging to the thick winter garment. She closed the door softly; and then, without stopping to look behind her, hurried down the broad stone steps, across the courtyard, along the gravelled garden pathway, out at the narrow wooden door in the wall, and away into the dreary darkness of the wood that lay between the Priory grounds and the dwelling place of Maurice de Crespigny. CHAPTER XLI. A TERRIBLE SVRPRISE. With the chill winds of February blowing in her i.ice, Eleanor Monckton entered the wood be ive<m Tuli.uile and Mr. de Crespigny'i estate. There were no itars in the blank grey sky above tk it lonely pla'.c- ; black ma&?t-$ of pine and fir s'mt in the uarr tw path up <n either tide ; Hi sU'riou- noi>es, caused by the capricious ok ming of the winu-r wind, sounded far away in the- dark ot the wo- i 1 awfully distinct amid the .-'ili::C\v- < f the nigln It was very long since EKmor l..\ I l«en out alone aft r dark, and she had never beftTe bo-. n alone in ihe darkness of such a jd tce as this. She had the courage of a young li<tnc«, but she ha»l a highly nervous a!id sensitive nature, au iuiaginative tenij^'riun ut : and the solemn liitielincss of tlii^ wo'-l. resonant every now and then with the dismal cries of the nightwind.-', was very terrible to her. But above and bcv.'Hid every natural womaidy feeling was this girl's devotion to her dead father: and she walked on with her thick shawl gathered closely round her and with both her hands presed against her beating heart. She walked on throuch the solitude and the darkness, not indifferently, but devotedly; in sublime self-abnegation; in the heroic grandeur of a soul that is elevated by love; as she would have walked through fire and water, if by the endurance of such an ordeal she could have given fresh proof of her affection for that hapless suicide of the Faubourg Saiut Antoine. " My dear father," she murmured once, in a low voice, " I have been slow to act, but I have never forgotten. I have never fuigotten you, lying far away from me in that cruel foreign grave. I have waited, but I will wait no longer. I will speak to-night." I think she believed that George Vane, divided from her by the awful chasm which yawns, mysterious and unfathomable, betwixt life and death, was yet near enough akin to her, in bis changed state of bfeing. to witness her actions and hear her words. She spoke to him as she would have written to him had he bran very far away from her, in the belief that her words would reach him, sooner or later. The walk, which in the daytime seemed only a pleasant ramble, was a weary pilgrimage under the starless winter sky, Eleanor stopped once or twice to look back: at the lighted wiudows of Tolldale, lying low in the hollow behind her; and then hurried on with a quicker step. " If Gilbert should miss me," she thought, "what will he dot what will he think 1" She quickened her pace even more as she thought of her husband. What unlooked-for difficulties might she not have to combat if Mr. Monckton should discover her absence, tod send or go himself in search of her. She had reached the outskirts of the wood by this time, and the low gate in the iron fence —ihe gateway through which she had passed upon the day when, for the first time, she saw her father's old friend, Mauri'-e de Crespigny. This gate was very rarely locked or bofted, but to-night;"W"her surpriS?Vehe*fouiid it wide open. She did not stop to wonder at this circumstance, but hurried on. She had grown very fomiliar with every pathway in the grounds during her walks beside Mr. de Crespigny's invalid chair, and she knew the nearest way to the .house. This nearest way was across a braid expanse of tuif, and through a shrubbery into the garden at the back of the rooms occupied by the old nian, who had for many years been unable 16 go. up. and down stairs," and who had, for t$at length of tim<v inhabited a suite of rooms on the ground-floor, opening with French windows <on to a tiny lawn, shut in and shelifered by a .thick Mt of =pine and evwiwns. to the safety 6fi fhirgaj®ef lrlilch she carried in the bosom of her d^eaw—Launcelot DarrelTf waierooiox ^ sketek and iter fether'fl letter. The pictnre' md the letter werfe Aft!' She reassured heoelf of this, and was about to buny on, when she was arrested bj Ai SotuuL near her. Hie laurel branches close bea^e her had rustled, as if parted by p mail's stKmg fcand. Many times in her journej through the wood, faeanor had been terrified by * rusUing amongst the long gtats about 4he tniiika of the trees; but each time the sigbt of a pheasant flying across her pathway, or a frightened hare scudding away into the darkness, had reassured her. But this time there could be no mistake as to what she had heard. There was no game in Mr. de Crespigny's garden. She was not alone, therefore. There was a man lurking somewhere under the shadow of die evergreens. She stopped; clutched the documents that she carried in her breast, and then emerged from the shrubbery on to the lawn, ashamed of her fears. The man whose presence had alarmed her was, no doubt, one of the servants—the gar- dener, most likely—and he "would admit her to the house and sive her any encounter with the maiden sisters. She looked about the garden, but could see no one. Then, in a low voice, she called to the man by nai&e;: but there was no answer. Lights were burning in Mr. de Crespigny's bedroom, but the windows of the ruorn which the old man called his study, and the windows of his druesing-ioom, a little apartmeut between the Ijed-chambcr and the study, were dark. Eleanor waited a few minutes in the garden, expecting to hear or see one of the servants . emeTgefrom the shrubbery ; but all was quiet, and «he had no alternative except to go rjiund to the principal door of the hutise, and take her chance of being admitted. I am certain that there was some oueclose to me," she thought. " It must have been Brooks, the gardener; but how odd that he didn't hear me when 1 called to him." The principal entrance to Mr. de Crespigny's house was by a pair of lialf-glass doors, : approached by a double flight of stone step®, either from the right or the left, as might suit the visitor's convenience. It was a handsome entrance; aud the plate glass which formed the upper halves of the doors appeared a very slight barrier between the visitor waiting on the broad stone platform without and the interior of the house. But, for all this, no portcullis of tbe Middle Ages, no sturdy posterngate of massive oak studded by ponderous iron nails, was ever more impregnable to the besieger than these transparent doors had been nnder the despotic sway of the rich batchelor's maiden nieces. Despairing pooi relations, standing hopeless and desperate without those fatal doors, had been well-nigh tempted to smash the plate-glass, and thus make their way into the citadel. But, as this would have scarcely bans likely method by which to ingratiate themselves into the favor of a testy old man, the glass remained undamaged; and the hapless kinsfolk of Maurice de Crespigny were feui t6 keep at a distance and hope—almost against hope—that be would get tired of hi® maiden watchers, and revenge himself upon their officiousness by leaving his money "away from tlieui. It was outside these glass doors that Eleanor Monckton stood to-night, with very different feelings in her breast to those which were woit to animate the visitors who came to Woodlands. She pulled the brass handle of the bell, which was stiff from little usage, and which, after resisting her efforts for a long tame, gave way at last with an angry 6pring that shook the distant clapper with a noisy peal which seemed as if it would have never ceased ringing sharply through the stillness. .: But, loud as this peal had been, it was. not answered immediately, aud Eleanor had time to contemplate the prim furniture of the dimlylighted hall, the umbrella-stand and barometer, and some marine views of a warlike nature on the walls; pictures in which a Dc Crespigny of Kelson's time distinguished himself unpfeasantly by the blowing up of some very ugiy ships, which exploded in blazes of yellow ofebre and vermilion, aud the bombardment of-some equally ugly fortresses in burnt siBnaa. . u i ^ A butler or factotum,—for there wasWly one male servant in tljc house, and he ^saoJld aud unpleasant, and had been chepished by lit? Misses dp Crespigny because .of thorn roy qualifications, which were likely to. stwidm the way of his getting any important legacy, —emeiged at last from one of the paiEfjft the back of the hall, and advanM^lh'indignation and astouiahmont depicted on his gntu feature to,the doore befomwliibh&eaQor; waited, Heaven ;mily L knows Jww, impatiently, 'Launcelot Darrell .may hay* come before me, she thought j '<1^ may be wsth k enough i S TMtior opciicd-%6 ti ^MrigUi -and r8\wpiQiou8ly. r ffttook; 'lilihsolf -iti tlre^potturo, iti' fcucni a manner as Eleanor to ! walk through his oody before she could outer tuoMi % y.wy w- verse of Mr. Poppers ghost m consistency, kra. Moncktoi^ pouldonly parley with biin in tfol!^ already4abptt^d fet aa awful guest, to whom nSitnerclSIelfguttraid ddbfirriOr oaken postem4 / lined r With' stoutest iton formed obsMta .had euterpd, tbat ifliiiet mansion beforeher j.she^lid not;" jcflbw this, nor that the butleii'ttnfcptept her at bay out of the shBer force of hiabit, and pefhaps with a spiteful sense of jpleabtirb in doing battle with wputybe, legates,. ;, , " I want to see Mr. 'de Crespigny," Eleanor cried, eagerly;" I want to see Jiim very particularly, if you please. $ Joiow that ue will see me if you will be so good as to tell. him that I am here." , ' The butler opened rhis ,m6uth to speak, but before he coulcl dc so a dpor opened,,and Miss Lavinia^de Oespigny appeared. She was very pale, tod carried a Udiidkerchiof inhethand, which bIi^ gut to^ej." eygnjoyegyjiow q.nd then; but the eyes were 51 quite dry, anid sheliad not been weeping. . . ' ""Who is that!" she exclaimed, sharply. "What is the matter, Parkert Why can't you tell the person that wis can afee nobpdy tonight?" " " I was just a-goin' totellher so," the butler answered; " but it's Mrs. Monckton, and she says she wants to see poor master." He moved away from the door, as if his responsibility had ceased on the appearance of his mistress, and Eleanor entered the hall. " Oh, dear Miss Lavinia," she cried, almost breathless in her eagerness, " do let me see your unclei. I know he will not refuse to see me. I am a favorite with him, you know. PleaSe let me see him." Miss Lavinia do Crespigny applied her handkerchief, to her dry eyes before she answered Eleanor's eager entreaty. Then she said very slowly,— • '' My beloved uncle 1 dfepafcted this life an hour ago. breathed hie last in my arms." " Mlss^artii, who had followed her sister into the hall. • •t 4 - And I' Was-• a-standing by the bedside," observed the butler, with Tespectful firmness; ' " ai^l the laat words as m^ blessed master said before you name into the room, Miss Lavinia, was tiiese'. 1 ' You've been a 'good servant, Parker, and you'll'find you're not forgotten.' Yes, miss, ' You'll find you're not foigotten, Parker,'were his last words," ; - ; Tlur two ladies lobked- very sharply and wither Suspiciously at Mr. Parker,' as if they WeM molitatt^g tbfe possibility of jhaf gentlfek man having fabricated a will constituting him- • ** f did not hear my dear uncle mentiott yon,' Parkeir," Miss ! Sarah said, stiffly; " but ite shall not foiget any one he wished to have remenil&fecl;^ ^u^yjbe ^ife'of that. ?i r - ; '' • Eleanor Mohfcfe^n stdod, silent and aghast, staring straight before' her, paralyzed^ dumbfo'fcngefL by 'the tiityhgs sh^ had'just lieard.' ! " bt&d;' t" "felie : murmured at last. "Bead! dead!—before I could see him, before I could -.JSjtie .paijBedr.looJaog.wund Jb.er,with.A.ieii wilderea expression in her face. " I do not knb'W icM/ ybu'ehotiid be so eager to,see my uncle," said Miss Lavinia, forgetting li'eTOstflififebn beaming'Vetf genuine in her spiteful feeling towards Eleanor, a.ppssible jcival, " nor do I know what .ypu can jhave hadito,eay to him. But I do knW thatyou • have not. exhibited very good taste in : ihttuding Upon tfS at euchan hour as this, apd. abovja ,rei^ainpg, iioW thalt",35011 Isbm" the' sad affliction"—tne handkepchiiaf went to ' the • i eyes' 1 again here—" which has befallen ti8.' : If you come here," added Miss " m the nope of ascertaining how my unclo's money, has. been > ileftr-Aand it would , be; only like some people to ,"dd so—I can give you no information upop. the subject. The gardener lias been ; $nt to WindsoK to' summon' Mr. Lawford's clerk. -Mr, jLayford himself started somftjdays ftgo 'for NpW Yorlconbusinefes.; '.It's a very tiiiae unlucky 1 , fbr wb'p'ut -that 1 ' M eVery shbutdlje cdnfidencfe Wlum. a gpwevpr, t.iiWft 1 WWhf 1 thpicjerk/wjll dp as ^oll, He fwillspnt 'seals, on my. i uncle's; ofiGects.i J believe, 'and nothing t^il bA 1 inidwn about the WiU'ontil "the'dayof tbefdnetal. But l 'do not think ^u need trouble, yourp^lf upon'the subject, ^ dear M^'^icRpj^, 1 a^ t pbrfectly remeihber myljelov^'relatlivoHcliing you very distinctly that ^e.]tiadfno idqa fljF.,leaving ypu anything^jffljtia pif^Ufe, or something of that kind-ii -iwe isbaU bo very happy to see that you get the picture," concluded the lady, with frigid^pgiitonpBS/ u \\{ : ; ; j : ; Eleanor, ^o^cl^on stopd ,^vith -one hand pushing the glossy ripples of auburn hair away from her look upon her minds had run w pno wry narrow groove for the last twenty ^eaij—cbilld only construe' into somo,di9apppintment upon the subject of the^will, 'Mwwf i^vis^Uer self-cqnunand! with ah blfort, as Miss Lavinia fiuished speaking, and said, very quietly : ! i f Believe me, I do not want to inlierit any; of Mr. do Crespigny^ propertyi I am very,; very sorry that he dead; for there was something that'I wanted to tell him before he died; sometjiing that I ought to have told hini long ago. I have been foolish—cowardly—to wait, splox^g."' She said the last words not to the two ladies, ! but to herself; and then, after a pause, she (added, ftlbwly: , "I liope .'your uncle his left his fortmie to ! you &nd; your sister, Miss Lavinia. Heaven grant that he may Jiavo left it so !" Unfortunately the Misses do Crespigny wete in the humor to take offence at Anything. The terrible torture of suspense which was gnawing at the heart of each of the dead inan'« nieces disposed them to be snappish to any one who came w their way. To them, to-iiight, it seemed as if the earth was peopled by expectant legatees, all eager to dispute for the heritage which by. right was theirs. " We are extremely obliged to you for your good wishes, Mrs. Monckton," Miss Safah said, with vinegary politeness, "and we can perfectly appreciate their siucerity. Good evening." On this hint, the butler opened the door with a solemn flourish, and the two ladies bowed Eleanor out of the house. The door closed behind her, and she went slowly down the steps, lingering without purpose, entirely bewildered by the turn that events had taken. " Dead J" she exclaimed, in a half-whisper, " dead 1 I never thought that he would die so soon. I waited, and waited, thinking that, whenever the time came for me to speak, he would be aliyo to hear me ; and now he is dead, and I have lost my chance; I have Lost my one chance of avenging my father's death. The law cannot touch Launcelot Darrell; but this old man had the power to punish him, and would have used that power, if he had known the story of his friend's death. I cannot doubt that. I cannot doubt that Maurice de Crespigny dearly loved my father." Eleanor Monckton stopped for a few minutes at the bottom of the steps,. trying to collect her senses—trying to think if there was anything inore for her to do. No, there was nothing. The one chance which fortune, by a series of events, not one of Which had been of her own contriving, had thrown into her way, was lost. She could do nothing but go quietly home, and wait for the reading of the will, which might, or might not, make Launcelot Darrell the owner of a noble estate. But then she remembered Richanl Thornton's visit to Windsor, and the inferences he had drawn from the, meeting between Launcelot and the lawyer's clerk. . Richard had most firmly believed, that the property was left away from the young man ; and Launcelot Darrell's conduct since that day had gone far towards conflrpiiugthe scene- painter's assertion. There was very little doubt, then, that the will which had 1 been drawn up by Mr. Lawford and witnessed by Gilbert Monckton, was a will that left.Maurice de Crespigny's fortune away from Launcelot , Darrell. The old man had spoken of a-duty which he meant to perform. Surely he must have alluded to his two nieces' devotion, and the recompense which they had earned by their patient attendance upon him. Such untiring watchers generally succeed in reaping the reward idf their labors; and why should it be otherwise in this case! But then, v on the otlier hand, tho old nian was: fretful and capricious. His nerves had been shattered by a J long illness. How often, in the watches of the night, he might have lain awak^, "jtoridenng upon the disposal of Ills wealth, and doubtful wliat to do with it in his desme to act for .itbjs best ! It was known that lie had made other wills, and had burned them when tho humor sefeed him. He had had' ample opportunity fbr changing his miftd. He had »vcry likely destroyed the will witnessed by Gilbert Monckton, in order to wialce a new oh ; e|in Lahnifelfi^ favor. , . , , EUmnqr'stopii at the bottpm of the broad flight of,, steps*,with her hand upon the iron wiling, thinking of .all this. Then, with a regretful eigli/she walkbd away from the front of the house. •'•' • « ' CHARTER XLII. 'JTHB PJIBSENOE OP THE DEAD. , • The rooms i that-had been occupied by Maurice de Ctespigny were at the back of the hquae,'and Elinor,Returning,by the Way that eh^ h^d' eome) liaA 'Obcasioii to pa^s 6nce inore through itliei garden tind shrubbery upon wliich the -windows of those rooms looked. Mrs. Monckton paused amongst tho evergreens th'dt' grew near the house,, sheltering and datkeiiiii^'the Windows with'thejr thick' luxu- Tia&|S. ,: Thb'. YhibiMi 'isTiutes "ouMde 'l!he lay were closed, and the. light within sJioM brightly between tlie slanting laths. " Poor old man/ Eleanor murmured, as she Ipoked'inournfdlly towards this death-chamber, 1 " he was Very good to me; I ought to be sorrv for his death." The evergreens which grew in groups on: either side of the windows made a thick screen, behfnd Which liaif-a-dozen people might have' isafely hidden themselves upon this moonless and starless February night. Eleanor lingered for a few moments amongst these clustering laurels before she eineiged upon the patch of smooth turf, which was scarcely large enough to be dignified with the title of "a lawn. > As she lingered, partly because of a regretful tenderness towards the dead man, partly because of that irresolution and uncertainty that had taken possession of her mind from the; moment in which §he had heard of his death,! she was startled once more by the rustling of the branches near her. This time she was not left long in doubt: the rustling of the branches was _ followed by a hissing whisper, very cautious and subdued, but at the same time very distinct in the stillness .; and Eleanor Monckton was not slow to recoguize theacceut of the French commercial traveller, Monsieur Victor Bourdon. " The, shutters are not fastened," this man whispered ; " there is a chauce yet, mmfrmi." The speaker was within two paqes of Eleanor, but she was , hidden from him by tho shrubs. The companion to whom he had spoken was of course Launcelot Darrell: there could be no doubt of that. But why were these men here 1 Itad the artist come in ignorance of his kiusmau's death, and in the hope of introducing himself secretly into the old man's apartments, and thus outmanoeuvring the maiden nieces 1. As the two men moved nearer one of tho windows of the bed-chamber, moving very cautiously, but still disturbing the branches as they went, Eleanor drew back, and stood, motionless, almost breathless, close against the blank wajl between the long French windows. In another moment Launcelot Darrell and his companion were standing so close to her that she could hear their huiried breathing as distinctly as she heard her own. The Frenchman softly drew back one of the Venetian shutters a few inches, and peeped very cautiously through the narrow aperture into the room. 'I There is only an old woman there," he whispered, " an old woman, very grey, very respectable; she is asleep, I think; look and 6ee who she is." Monsieur Bourdon drew back as he spoke, making way for Launcelot Darrell. The young man obeyed his companion, but in a half-sulky, half-unwilling fashion, .which was veryiuuch like his manner on the Parisian Boulevard. " Who is it t" whispered the Frenchman, as Launcelot leant forward and peered into the lighted room. " Mrs. Jepcott, my uucle's housekeeper." " Is she a friend of yours, or au enemy ?" " A friend, I think. I know that she hates my aunts. She would rather serve me than serve them." " Good. We are not going to trust Mrs. Jepcott; but it's as well to know that she i6 friendly towards us. Now listen to me, my friend; we must have the key." " I suppose wo must," muttered Launcelot Darrell, very sulkily. " You suppose we must! Bah!" whispered the Frenchman with intense scornfulness of manner. " It is likely we should draw back, after having gone so far as we have gone, and made such promises as we have made. It is like you Englishmen to turn cowards at tho very last, in any difficult business like this. Ypu are very bravo and very great so long as you can make a great noise about your honor, apd your coumge, and your loyalty; so long as tho,drums ore beating and the flags .flying, and all the world looking op to admire you. But tho moment there is anything of difficult —anything of a little hazardous, or anything of criminal, perhaps—you draw back, you have fear. Bah!, I have no patience with you. You. aire a great nation,, but you' have never produced a great impostor. Your Perkin Warbecks, .your Stuart Pretenders,'they are all the same. They ride up lulls with forty thousand'men, and,"—here Monsieur Bourdon hissed'out & very big French oath, to give strength to his, assertion,—" when they get to the top they can do nothing better than ride d&wii; again." .' ! It is not to be supposed that, in so critical a situation as that in which tho two men had placed themselves, the Frenchman would hkve said all this without a purpose. He knew Lfvuncblot 1 Darrell, and lie knew that ridicule was thfe best spul-'with which to urge liim oA when ho was inclined to come to a stand- still! The young man's pride took fire at his companion's scornful banter.. petAaps do it "better than you, bat if that -woman wokft and found me there, she would rouse the housej if die wakes up sod yon, any sentimental stcay of your desire to look for the last time upon your kinsman awl benefactor will satisfy her and stop her mouth. You must search for the keys, Monsieur Bobeit Lance, pardon!—Monsieur Launcelot Darrell." The young man made no immediate answer to this jqteech. He stood close to the window with the half-open shutter in his hand, and Eleanor could see, by the motion of this shutter, jhat he was trembling. " I can't do it, Bonidon," he gasped, after a long pause; " I can't do it. To go up to that dead man's bedside and st*»l his key& It seems like an act of sacrilege—X—I—rsn'f do it" The commercial traveller shrugged his shoulders so high that it almost seemed he never meant to bring them down again. "Good!" he said, " Ceft fitn Lire and die a pauper. Monsieur Darrell. but nerer again ask me to help you in a great scheme. Good night." The Frenchman made a show of walking off, but went slowly, and gave Launcelot plenty of time to stop him. " Stay., Bourdon," the young man muttered ; " don't be a fool. If you mean to stand by me ^n this business, you must have a little patience, in do what'must be done, of course, however unpleasant it may be. I've no reason to feel any great compunction about the old ,n. He hasn't shown so much love fer me that I need have any very sentimental affection for him. I'll go in and look for the keys." He had opened the shutter to its widest extent, and he put his baud upon the window as he spoke, but the Frenchman checked him. " What are you going to do F asked Monsieur Bourdon. " I'm going to look for the keys." " Not that way. If you open that window the cold air will blow into the room and awaken the old woman—what you call her—Madame •Jepcott No, you must take off jbur boots, and go in through one of the windows of the other rooms. We saw just now that those rooms are empty. Come with me." The two men moved away towards the windows of the sitting-room. Eleanor crept to the Venetian shutters which Launcelot had closed, and, drawing one of them a little way open, looked into the room in which the dead man lay. The housekeeper, Mrs. Jepcott, 6at in a roomy easy-chair, close to the fire, which burned brightly, and had evidently been very lately replenished. The old woman's Head had fallen back upon the cushion of her chair, and the monotonous regularity of her snores gave sufficient evidence of the soundness ofherslumbere. Voluminous curtains of dark green damask were drawn closely round the massive four-post bed; a thick wax candle, in an old- fashioned silver candlestick, burned upon the table "by the bedside, and a pair of commoner candles, in brass candlesticks, brought,. no doubt, from the housekeeper's room, stood upon a larger table near the fireplace. Nothing had been disturbed since the old man's death. Hie maiden ladies had made a merit of this. " We shall disturb nothing," Miss Lavinia, who was the more loquacious of the two, had said : " we shall not prv about or tamper with any of our beloved relative's effect*. You will take care of everything in your master's room, Jepcott; we place everything under your charge, and you will see that nothing is touched; you will take care that not so much as a pockethandkerchief shall be disturbed until Mr. Lawfoid'ts clerk comes from Windsor." In accordance with these directions, everything had remained exactly as it had been left at the moment of Maurice de Crespigny's death. The practised sick-nurse had retired, after doing her dismal duty; the stiffening limbs had been composed in the last calm sleep; the old man's eyelids had been closed upon the sightless eyeballs; the curtains had boen drawn; and that was alL The medicine bottles, the open Bible, the crumpled handkerchiefs, the purse, and paperknife, and-spectacles, and keys, lying in disorder upon the table by the bed, had not been touched. Eager as the dead man's nieces were to know the contents of his will, the thought of-obtaining that knowledge by any surreptitious means had never for one moment entered into the head of either. They were con scientious ladies, who attended church three times upon a Sunday, and who would have recoiled aghast from before the mere thought of any infraction of the law. Eleanor, with the Venetian shutter a very little way open, and with her face close against the window, stood looking into the lighted room, and waiting for Launcelot Darrell to appear. (To be continued.) LtBUTKNAhT CAMERON, the well-known African traveller, arrived at Liverpool on 1st Agrril. 