TOWN TALK. Hie Ministry were unable to obtain a suf ticieut number o£ supporters yesterday after noon to make a quorum, of the Assembly, and, after he had " counted the House," the Speaker retired preceded by the Sergeant-at Arms bearing the mace. Considering it Wits know) Sir James M'Cullocli intended to move an important resolution, the apathy displayed by his supporters is all the more noticeable. Last evening some officers from the Gee long Protection League paid a visit to the Breakwater, and, as may well he supposed, received a hearty welcome front the in habitants of that industrial centre. A meet ing was held at Hardyman's Hotel, a branch of the League duly formed, and fourteen members enrolled. Had it not been for the short notice given it was stated there would have been a much more numerous attend ance. A president, vice-president, secre tary, treasurer, and a committee of five were elected, and it having been decided to meet again on Tuesday evening for the further enrolment of members, the proceed ings terminated. Ou Tuesday evening an adjourned meeting of the committee of the St. Albans branch of the League was held, when Mr Batclielor was elected president, Mr Gooilhall treasurer, and Mr Brown secretary. ■ - We regret to state that Major John Bell continues to sink rapidly. He has been in sensible ever siuce Monday, and hut very faint hopes indeed are entertained of his re covery. It may ho added his severe illness is generally regretted by all classes of the community, there not being a more popular man in the district. Some members of sliirc councils take great care in being present at their meetiugs, whilst others are indifferent as to their at tendance! Or. O'Keefo, of the Meredith Shire Council, is ono of the punctual repre sentatives of the ratepayers. At a recent meeting a quorum of members was wanted) owing to three councillors going outside and transacting private business. Cr. O'iveefe followed, and the meeting Lapsed. The cause of the meeting lapsing was attributed to Ox-. O'Keefe, who objected yesterday at the meeting of the council to being blamed, and explained that the reason he 'withdrew from the room was owing to a sum of 10s being passed for the herdsman, who had been sent in search of a councillor to make a quorum. Cr. O'Kcefe stated that he was very jealous of his attendance, and after dis cussion it was agreed to blame several coun cillors for causing one of the meetings to lapse. An accident occurred early yesterday morning , on the railway lino in Johnstone Park. The contractors' engine had brought down some trucks, towards the railway sta tion, on which several nlen were sitting who were about to go to their breakfasts. Be lieving they had come to a standstill, being I placed on a siding, one of them, Patrick Breeu, was "about getting off when some more trucks which had been shunted on to the lino ran against them ; -this knocked Breen off the truck on to the rails he falling in front of the wheels. Ho was dragged along' for some distance, when one of the wheels passed slowly oyer both of his. legs. He was at once picked up and taken to the hospital, where it was found he had received very severe flesh wounds, the bone | of one of his legs being laid bare ; but, fortu-. nately, no bones were broken. He received contusions to other parts of his body as well, arid suffered intensely for somo hours after wards. Two of the witnesses in an interpleader ! summons case, narrowly escaped committal for trial yesterday on a charge of perjury. Their names were John M'Leod and' David Todd, and it was evident that one or both of them had committed gross perjury, for be sides giving totally different versions of the same occurrence, one denying he had re ceived a certain one pound note and the other swearing he paid it to him, they on several occasions contradicted their own statements when cross-examined by the Bench aud the opposing counsel, Mr Hig gins. At the conclusion of the case, the Mayor ordered them to be brought into Court, when he told them that the Bench considered their evidence highly unsatisfac tory, gross prevarication being quite appa rent, and they should consider themselves fortunate that the Bench had not made an order for their committal to gaol, for their conduct in the box was simply disgraceful in their endeavours to bolster up their case. As might be expected, the case was decided against them, the perjury being so palpable to persons listening that when the men were ordered into Court it was fully expected they would be committed for trial. Publicans and speculators are reminded that at 12 o'clock to-day Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson will offer for sale the right to collect tolls at the main entrance gate to the racecourse during the race meeting, also the rights to cater at the same. As the Governor is expected, and the meeting will- probably be the most successful that has ever been held in Geelong, there will doubtless be good competition at the sale. The " Chilwell Ghost" has apparently shifted its quartets, the last report being that it was seen last night about half-past ten o'clock in the neighbourhood of the old Duke of Wellington hotel, Pakington street. The probability is, that having been fired on at its old quarters, and being sufficiently ac quainted with the fumes arising from sul phurous compounds during its daily retire ments, it prefers the quiet and fresh air of I tlie above locality to the stray shots and smell of the discharged gunpowder it has been treated to in the place it has lately honored by its visits. We are glad to learn that, notwithstanding 110 systematic canvas of the town has yet been, commenced in aid of the' Barwon Regatta, funds are coming in fast, and there is little doubt the committee will be in a position to offer such prizes as will attract numerous competitors from Melbourne and Ballarat. It is to be hoped the question about "amateurs" will be decided in a popular manner before any attempt is made to ask the townspeople to contribute. If this is done there ought to be such a sum raised as should enable the committee to in clude an Intercolonial Champion Race among the events. The townspeople, however, will not subscribe liberally if it should be decided that none who are engaged in manual labour will be allowed to com pete, as this will throw the Corio Bay Rowing Club out of the running altogether. There appeals, however, to bo some mis understanding about this matter; it was simply suggested at the preliminary meet ing that the dolinition of the word " amateur" should be. discussed at the next; and the gentleman who made the suggestion never intended that those en gaged hi " sedentary manual labor"—such as saddlers, for instance—should not be al lowed to compete. It is, however, thought by some that blacksmiths, quarrymen, miners, and men engaged in other suoli out - door manual labor, should bo debarred, as their daily avocation is calculated to increase their strength, thus placing them at a great advantage when compared with clerks and others en gaged in indoor pursuits. It must, however, be remembered that skill and condition have a great deal to do with good rowing; strength, of course, must be there, but this, if not properly applied, would bo compara tively useless. Thus, clerks, etc. have better opportunities for becoming skilful; they have also ample time on their- hands which may bo devoted towards getting themselves in condition. After a hard day's work few blacksmiths, etc. are inclined to practice rowing; their style of work is not similar to that indulged in by an oarsman. With out practice, therefore, they can never hope to compete successfully with the finished oarsmen of the' Barwon and other Clubs, and tbus we think it is to be re gretted the question should ever have been raised. It is not as though we had such men as Trickctt, of Sydney ; Sadler, or Ren fortli, of England—men who have competed for money stakes, among us ; if we had, a law might be made to meet their case, aud if the gentleman who raised the question wishes to have the word " amateur" defined- for once and for ever, so far as Geelong is con cerned, it would meet tlie case if be were to move that—" No man who has lowed for money, or professional waterman, shall be allowed to compete." This would meet with general satisfaction ; we trust the advice tendered will be accepted, and above all, that the members of the Corio Rowing Club will not bold aloof from the meeting, as it is said tbey intend to do, or they will have themselves to blame if any resolution ob noxious to their interest is adopted. Another accident happened yesterday through the conduct of a traveller who would not turn off the road to allow a'light waggonette, driven by a man named Chas. Fuller, to pass. It occurred on the Inver leigli road; as "Fuller was doing his best to get past the waggon, which took up nearly the whole of the road, the wheels collided, and he was thrown out, breaking one of his arms and receiving severe contusions to his body. One or two of those individuals who, with their heavy waggons, appropriate the whole of the road to the danger of others, ought to he made an example of. This would probably have a beneficial and desirable effect. A wedding cereinony wlxicli took place yesterday not 50 miles from Geelong, was rudely interrupted. Aftertlienuptialknotliad beeu tied aud all was going on as merrily as a marriage bell, the parties concerned were about to leave the church, wbcu a trades man, who bad given credit to tlie bride for various articles of clothing, un ceremoniously appeared on the scene, and served the newly-married one with a summons for the recovery of the goods. Doubtless, the tradesman in question was afraid that he could not sue a married woman for goods obtained during her single blessed ness, but the act of interruption on such an occasion and at such a place, will not bo excused iu a hurry. We believe that things were satisfactorily arranged. There is no scarcity of hares about the vicinity of Steiglitz and Sheoaks in the Mere dithShire. They are increasing rapidly, owing to the shelter afforded them by the thick bush and scrub, through which it is impossi ble to course with dogs. Many persons have lately been endeavoring to thin the number of liares in the localities named by shooting them; hut their efforts appear to have little effect. A large number of leverets have been sent to the Werribee, where hares are much wanted by sportsmen. An amusing story is told of a "sportsman" in a district close at band, who, with another, was out'shooting tlie ether evon I ing just before dark. ■' In the place 'alluded j to, hares abound; and in walking through tho brush, the sportsman heard a rustic in the grass, - and thinking that a blooming hare had just left cover, one of tlie shootists instantly levelled bis guii and blazed away at the animal, which on being picked up was found to be a full-sized lamb. | The age, weight, and height of eleven of tlie Meredith cricketers is urgently sought by the Philadelphia Exhibition Commission ers, but the information is not he given by the Council in the Shire alluded to. A sug gestion was made at the meeting of the Council, yesterday, that these particulars in connection with the councillors might he more interesting if desired. A number of persons, anxious to see the Banvon regatta brought to a successful issue, attended at the Victoria Hotel last evening, as, in accordance with a resolution passed at the recent public meeting, last evening was the time fixed for the adjourned meeting to be held. • After waiting for nearly an hour they dispersed; the action of the promoters of the regatta in not informing the public that no meeting would bo held was rather unfavourably commented upon. Fifty-nine of the Volunteer Artillery Corps assembled at their rooms last evening for the usual weekly parade, r After being drilled in the room they marched along the principal streets of the town headed by their band which discoursed lively music. Captain Price and Lieutenant Swift were the officers in command. AVe are glad to observe that the letters , of our correspondent, S. S.," in reference to the working of Friendly Societies, have at tracted the attention of Parliament, Mr Purves having giyen notice to ask the Chief Secretary whether it is his intention to ap point professional auditors to audit tlie ac counts of tho various societies. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Coun cil of the Borough of Newtown and Chilwell will take place on Friday evening, at half past seven o'clock. - The Treasurer of St. Augustine's Orphan age desires thankfully to acknowledge the receipt, through Mr M. Tracey, of a dona tion of £2 made to the institution by Mr George Hope. . , . The railway from Ararat to Stawell is to be opened on the 1st of March, when the line will be completed to within a inile of the Stawell Kailway Station. It will be two mouths ere the line will be completed through to the town. A monster-silver trout ■weighing- 13-ilbs was caught in Lake Learmontb, 'on Tuesday afternoon. It was 30J inches in length, and 204 inches in circumference, and was the largest trout ever caught in those waters. The Mayor of Sebastopol has lost a son, a fine lad between 14 and 15 yeara of age, whose death was caused by a blow from a cricket ball. This struck him some two months since on the stomach, causing the formation of an abscess which resulted fatally. Mr Mason made his appearance in his place in the House on Tuesday evening, for the first time since his return from Gipps lancL The hon. member cannot as a rule bo accused of modesty, but (says the Age) he certainly shrank into his seat in the Govern ment corner like a man who felt ashained of himself. .He did not receive a' welcoome from a single member, nor was one seen to approach or address him dining the sitting. He remained in the House for ahout an hour, and then took his departure, very much like one who felt that his presence was not wanted. During the refreshment hour of the As sembly on Tuesday a deputation from the public meeting at the Princess Theatre on Friday night, consisting of Mr Wm. Cook, mayor of Hotham, and fifteen others, waited upon Mr Berry and his supporters, all of whom were present in the lobby of. the House. The object of the meeting was to present the address which was adopted by that meeting The address, which has already been pub lished, heartily endorsed the stone-wall policy and urged the Opposition to persevere. Messrs Cook, Mirains, J. Walsh, andM'Wil liauis spoke in support of the address. Mr Berry replied in an earnest speech, thanking the deputation for their encouragement and sympathy, and expressing the fixed deter mination on the part of himself and each one of his supporters not to yield. The Opposi tion had not resolved on the present course without long and earnest deliberation. Ho regretted the inconvenience likely to arise from stopping supplies ; hut he trusted the people had sufficient patriotism to hear some individual suffering for the good of the whole public. When a Parliament should sit which really represented the people, it would be.its duty to compensate .persons for their private losses in the public cause out of the consolidated revenue. There appears to be some virtue in thistles after all, although some people have to sub mit to the annoyance of being fined for growing them. On Monday last, we learn from the Crcaicich Advertiser, a fire broke out in the middle of a paddock of wheat be longing to Mr Joseph Marshall, on the side of Mount Moorookyle, Smeaton, which was being levelled. The fire first appeared at 12 o'clock in a spot where the men had just left, after cutting. The alarm was raised and soon the neighbours arrived on the scene including Messrs A. Wilson, It. Cowie, J. Bunyan, J. Malone, and several others, who also sent their men. As Mr Marshall's house was some distance from the fire, bags were unobtainable, and bouglis uncomeatable, hut as vigorous thistles were not so scarce they were liad recourse to, and with these fine specimens of the cardu us lanceolatus, the fire was beaten out, and tliua a valuable crop saved. ■ Abontanacre of the crop was burnt. The strange freaks of drunken men are proverbial, but one that was committed on Tuesday surpasses anything of the sort heard of for some time past. The Telegraph re lates that a young man named Thomas Fleming was proceeding along Spencer-street on Tuesday afternoon in a happy state of intoxication, and one of the. things that arrested his attention was a burning cask outside a cooperage. The cask, which was a large one, was nearly half full of burning shavings, ignited for the purpose of facili tating the operations of the cooper. Flem ing looked on for a moment with a stupid smile of amusement, and then, seized with a desire to do something heroic, ho waltzed into the cask head-foremost. Tho joke was rather'a serious one for him, how ever, as his seamed and scarred physiognomy testified. After a great deal of trouble and much swearing, on both sides, the cooper eventually turned the barrel on end, and so released the foolish fellow, who then made a bolt for the Yarra to cool his scorched features. A constable, however, cheeked liis career, and brought liim to tlie-Hospital, where he is'undergoing medical treatment for delirium tremens. We have recently learnt that upon tho ISth, 1Util, and 20th November, (says the - Fiji Argus), it blew a hurricane at Tonga, one of the most severe that has visited those islands for years. The Martin Luther, a large ship of 800 tons, just arrived-from the Amoorltiver, had to out away her masts a I-few feet from the deck. The Upola, an I other fine vessel, was thrown high and dry upon the reef, and the Lamersliagen, with heavy anchors down, topmasts housed, and yards on deck, barely held her own against the force bf the terrific squalls. , On shore houses werl: blown away, and/the eocoauut trees were greatly injured. Upon the same days at Samoa it blew furiously from tlio north-west' and west-nortli-west. • At this place the wind blew very hard from south and south-east, accompanied by frequent and heavy squalls. The sea was confused and heavy throughout this central aud south eastern part of the group. All the Wind ward Islands suffered a little, hut at Moala Matuku, and Totoys, the wind destroyed the - bread-fruit crops entirely, anil so dam aged the plantations that numbers of people have gone to Gau to escape a state of semi starvation. From Futuua, an island some 300 miles to the north of this, and liencc in an "opposite direction to Samoa and Tonga, we hear of a very heavy hurricane about the same dates. Local Testimo.vv.—Mr David 11. Mulitoii, 111'rancisco, says:—" My cause was a very qau one; my hanas, arms, faco and legs were :!'■ l i covered with a most offensive eruption Light bottles of Bristol's S.uts.uuitlLLA and ■three phials of Pills carried off every sign of the 