Debating Socieiy. — The fortnightly meeting of the above;Sociotyi on Tuesday last was largely attended. The whole of the evening was occupied in discussing a resolution moved by Mr. Mackol to tho effect that the Parliamcntaay part of tlio Society bo discontinued. At the conclusion of an animated' debate, a division took pl.ics, and there being a majority of two in favor of the motion, tho President declared it carried, tho result being received with applause and conuter-applauEe. It was announced that tho question for debate on next night of meeting would be ' Should the Upper House bo elective V .North Illa-a'aera. — A meeting of tlio .North niawiu'rn Council was lield on Wednesday even ing, the Mayor (Brooker) and Aldermen Bate, Bronnan, Walker, and Williams being present. On the motion of Aldermen Bate and 'Williams, a report from the Improvement Committee, recom mending that a portion of the main road, near Mr. Hnyles, bo blinded, was -adopted, and also a report from the Finance Committee, recommending pay ment of £0 3s. Cd. to Campbell and Hart, for printing, stationery, &c.;', during tho past half year. On the motion of Aldermen Walker and Williams, an estimate of 'tho Council's rovomio arid expenditure for the current year, amounting On cither side to £327, was adopted. Tenders wcro then opened and disposed of as follows : — For Clerk and Treasurer (at fixed salary of £-10), Henry Stumbles (accepted) ; for Council Chambers and stable, George Beadle1 (acceptod), £8 ; for valuation; C. F. Smith and Hi Stumblcsj New Assessment, in six weeks ; Revision, in foijr weeks; £10 ; William Osborne and Edward Wilson, New Assessment, in two weeks,, £10 10s. ; Revision, in on6 week (accepted), £5 10s-. Each of tlio ten derers for the valuation -made it a condition to attend tlio A])peal Court froo of cost. In moving that the report of the Committee recommending that the tendcra as staled be accepted, Alderman Bnte remarked that tlio duties of Council Clerk and Treasurer had hitherto1 been so well performed by Mr. H. Stumbles that no bettor than him could bo obtained even if there were .-twenty ap plicants for the Office. There was no other busi ness. Alliicxd Revival Results au1 Dafto. — In tho last number of l The Christian' to hand from England, and under the head of 'Cod Working in Australia,' tho following appears from the pen of tlio- Rev. John Vaugliun, dated fiuin the Par sonage, Ponrith, New South Wales, Juno 'ith, 1873 :— ' When you lust hoard, I llild iust left homo for tho parish of Daptc (Dapto), situate on tho coast about sixty miles fibufch of Sydney. It is' in tho coast distiict of Illr.tvarra. The parish cdntains a scattered population df dairy-fai-meii, arid the little church mrtdo to seat 250 people. I left here with the assurance that d lorgo blessing would rest upon the mission, for wo had held ninny meetings for prayer here, atid pilfc the mis sion altogether into thb dear Master's hinds. We hdd received such gracious answ en- to prsiyer hero, that we could not doubt for an instant our Loid's promises, which We 'pleaded with boldness through tho blood of Jesus. On tho Saturday \\\o hdd a prayer-mooting in the church — some sixty prcsdit —and we went away assured that tho Master had begun his work. On the Sunday good congiega tions assembled, but afterwards tho church became packed, and night after night many had to remain oulsido. Many came from distance's of ton, twelve, fourteen, and even eighteen miles, getting home at midnight, and yet back again the next night. Move than 350 were packed in the church. Every night the Mastor was with us in a special manner, but towards the latter end of tho week the meetings becamo 'more enrnest and more solemn. Q'ho times of silent prayer wore awfully solemn. Each evening anxious ones were seeking Jesus and boing made glad. Whole families came to Christ, and are now rejoicing in his love. Amomrst the anxious seekers men predominated, and nmny fovmd peace in the after-meetings with out any personal consultation. At tho thanks giving sorvico about two-thirds of the congregation of 350 stood up beforo the rest, declaring that they hud found the Lord Jesus as thoir Saviour during tho mission. Oh, do join mo in ]n;aise, praise, praiso to our adorable Lord for this re freshing shower* TJip accounts wiucu j. nave since received are most cheering. Praise God for What Ho has done, what Ho is doing, -and what He is going to do ; and pray much for me and my dear people, and this colony at large* ' Still there's more to follow.' From Daplo (Dapto) we wont on eighteen miles along the coast to the township of Koim (Kiaran), whore » mission was that week being held. I could only stay two days, but tho Lord blessed this short visit to the good of souls. ' Praiso ye tho Lord !' Bofoi'o tlie mission clo.-.ed the Lord lisid done a glorious work. Oil, what power there in in God'n Word ! In deal ing with anxious houIb how often, havo I seen thut 'the entrance of Thy Word giveth light'— a glorious light radiated from tho heart to Iho coun tenance. Kj ? said, 'My congregation look different.' Tlio light of Josns shows ituolf upon ihe fiico. Oh, may all 'lay hold on eternal lifo,' and, as you hold is, proclaim it, tpeak of it, tell it to nthora. Believe and re:»t in Jer.ua, and you have power! 'i'niat, Jesus vior the fulness of the' Holy Ghost, aj'id oh, what rest, what glory awaits us in tlio presonee of the King !' Public Education.— Wo notico that the Church of England Education Defence Association (or, as it should more appropriately bo tenncd, the Church of England Sectarian iJefonco Association) and tho Now South Wales Public School Leaguo aro again crossing swords in Sydney. Tho'Do- fonco' men havo announced a public mooting at tho Masonic Hall, for Monday evening next. It is stated in the advertisement that ' tho objects of tho mooting are to express tlio strong disapproval with which certain portions of tho bill now beforo Parliament, espeoially the latter part of tho sixth clause, have beon ruceiyod by all friends of tho oxisting Schools Act and of Denominational edu cation, and to take steps to prevent those portions from becoming law.' . Tno 'Leaguors' havo advertised a public meeting to tako place at tho sumo Hull on tho Thursday evoning following. C The Coat; Thatju.— Since the beginning of the present month tho two collieries in this end of tho itislricu hcivo boon almost constantlv at work, and we uiideiitoud tho Bulli mino has also been woll employed. Unfortunately, however, a mis hap occurred on tho Mount Plesisttnt tramway, on Wednesday evening, thnt will havo tho eiloct of completely suspending operations at that colliery for several days, so far at least a3 haulage is con cerned: On the ovoniug- of tlio day, mentioned, two full waggons that were boing lowered on the top incline lan off the rails, and struck tho two empty waggons that wcro ascending tho lino, the result being that part of the castings of tho upper drum gave way, 'as well as two of the waggons being smashed by the collision. As there uro no duplicates of the1 broken part of tho drum on hand, tlie works will therefore havo to remain ata standstill until tho requis.te fittings have been mado in Sydney and sent down hero. WotLONGONU CoKi;. — 111 referring again to the manufacture of coke by Messrs. Osborno and Ahcrn, we are pleased to bo enabled to state th.it it is now proved to be highly .successful. Every charge taken from the ovens are apparently of tho very best quality, befog a fine, clear, and sf rong coke. And not only has it that appearance, but it has beon proved to bo of an oxcellcut quality for smoltiii!? purposes. Mr. William Hargieaves, of the Pyrniont Foundry, has had a quantity of tilt1 coko for trial, and in a written testimony which now lies before us, that, gentleman speaks in the highest terms of its qualities, ho having tested it in tho smelting of metal at his establishment. The proprietors of the works at Bolmore Basin intend to increase the number of their ovens as soon as possible, in order that tlie manufacture bi coke may be' carried on by them on a much larg'oY scale than at present. It is plonsing to see Messrs. Osborno arid Ahern's enterprise bocoming a sucqijss, and tho more so as it will bo the means1 of utilizing to somo exteut tho many thousands of tons of ' ' slack' coal that were boing burned as waste every year at the Mount ICeira Colliery, j FitEi: Libraries. — From a return just printed by order of tho Assombly, it appears that there are no less than eighteen free libraries in the colony, established under the Municipalities Act of 1807.' The following are' the names of tho libraries, the, number of volumes ttaeh contains, and tho average attendance of readers for tlie past six months: — Albury, 472 volumes, 8 readers daily ; Armidalo, 1050 volumes, 25 readers daily ; Broughton Creek, books purchased not yot available , Camperdown, 134G volumes, 14 readers daily ; Central Ulawarra, not yet in operation ; Gerringong, 429 volumes, 831 rcadors for six months ; Inverell, 4S0 volumes, 8 readers daily ; Jamberoo, 1057 volumes, 703 readers for six months : Kiama, 1245 volumes, 874 readers for six months, Ncwtown, 2703 volumes, 20 readers daily ; Nowra, 735 volumes, 1080 books issued— no attendance ; North Ulawarra, monoy not yet expended ; Numba (Shoalhsiven), 530 volumes, 403 books distributed— no attendance ; PaiTiimatta, 400 volumes, not yet open to the public ; Shellharbour, 1050 volumes, ,112 readers for six months ; Ulladnlla; 30 books' purchased — Government grant not available till loth Novem ber, 3875 ; Wollongong not yet in operation ; Waggd 'Wagga, 483 volumes, 8 renders daily. The foregoing official information makes the position of tlid Free Library movement initiated by the threo Councils in this end of the district publicly conspicuous for its torpid tardiness: 