E-A-RLY RISING. - i " ; ' : ; i. (New York Times. ) ' Why is it .that'folks who like to do a thing are; npt content to'/db' it, and leave others' unadvised, -' to act for themselves ? Why should they insist .' oh putting everybody into their pint measure, and condemning all who hanpen not to fill it- exactly? This peculiarity is conspicuous in social habits, in the routine of every- day life. The man who confines himself to two meals during the twenty four hours imagines he has cause of grievance against the man preferring three or four meals. The woman who enjoys Society' and travel feels uncharitable towards the entirely domestic staying at home body. ' In nothing is this strait more observable than in getting up in the morning, about which people differ so widely. Those who choose to lie late are amiable enough towards those who believe, froih ' a queer sense of hospitality, that they ought to welcome, the dawn ; that the dawn- would be distressed, unless they should co- operate with it, and keep it in countenance 'hltf'Its premature coming.' But the early risers are not so kindly or so tolerant. If 'not positively inimical to the late lier, they greatly disapprove of him, mid are inclined to give him : wholesome . 'counsel againSk his habit. : - i ; Can anyone tell' why the mere fact 'of being ' ; ' v ... up at or before daylight yields to a man an assurance of moral superiority? What crown' of honour is conferred upon the fellow who, unable to Bleep in the morning, bounces up be times to advertise such incapacity ? These be subtle questions, and their answers inhere in the mysterious root of things. Bnt there can be no question that the habitually early riser conceives that' the Ten Commandments are conserved in him, in addition to an ample system of ethics. When he appears at breakfast, he is very likely to ask those at table when they rose, feighning ignorance on a point in which he takes particular pains to be informed. Having been told that they "rose at six, or seven, or eight o'clock, he invariably announces with great gusto, " Why I was up two hours before any of you !" Then he proceeds to patronise, in a very lofty manner, the inferior mortals who are not ashamed to confess that they have no prejudice in favour of getting np in the middle of the night. Nor is he content to enjoy this exalted triumph, once,' twice, thrice, or twenty times. Every morning He plumes himself anew, puts the same question, and each time adds to his moral worth and personal consequence. What offence is there in sleep, that to protract it in the morning should be visited upon us so severely ? Casuists have informed us that man is always sinning except in sleep which should therefore be ardently encouraged, whether before or after dawn. Do the Seven Sleepers typify the Seven Deadly Sins, or does the early riser design to bamboozle our theology ? We suspect the latter, for he is an incomprehensible, wholly inconsistant person, who obviously thinks that his matutinal self-elevation Bhould atone for any and all other defects whatsoever. It is not sleep, but sleep in the morning to which he is hostile. He is fond of saying that we cannot be in bed too long before midnight, or too briefly after daybreak. And then there is some sort of iniquity appertaining to the bed. He himself will frequently get up at four or five o'clock, and, afterdressing, descend to the library or sitting-room, throw himself on the lonnge, and be dozing in five minutes. He does not feel any shame for his either although at breakfast he will be ready to hector his sons or brother- in- law, who were at the same time inaudibly asleep overhead for being irredeemable sluggards. It is noticeable that the early riser often compen sates himself for his greeting to the dawn by frequent naps between that hour and his regular bedtime. He gets up, but only to lie down again; he is not up for all day, nor is there need of it, in his judgment, after he has per formed the one important duty. The whole matter lies in this : it is good for persons to rise early who want to do so, or who have something to occupy them ; but they who have no necessity, and enjoy sleeping, ought to be privileged to lie abed without discredit or condemnation. This is rank heresy we are aware; but we are averse to fanaticism even on this time-honoured subject. There are virtues altogether independent of the hour of getting up, and some men who have slept late have gone to their graves with blameless records, and left large estates for their kindred to quarrel over. To get up merely for the sake of getting up is not of necessity a saving grace, and vices might be named — it is true they are deep and dark— which it will not expiate. Late sleepers have so long been bullied and persecuted that they would seem to have earned indulgence. The inexorable early riser should compassionate them at last, and permit them to go to perdition, if they will, on-downy beds of ease. Even if they resolved to rush upon destruction from hair mattresses, let them rush, while he may seek absolution for non-interference by getting up for six months at two o'clock, in the morning. Is it not well to be 'beguiled by saws and counsels oh the subjects. Most of them had their origin in a distant era, and under condi tions totally different from those now existent. Our remote ancestors went to bed early because there was nothing else to do. Their descendants of to-day go to bed late and. get up laite for very much the same reason. Country folk seek their pillow from sheer fatigue, from weariness, from want of mental stimulant: City, .people' avoid their pilloW for at dark their recreation begins, and the joys of the night are poetic and manifold. \- The latter half of the nineteeth century is an age of gaslight, of midnight suppers, of nocturnal pleasures, of turning night into day. He who goes to bed early cannot see the. realities or the. ghosts of the time, and to rise . early would subject him to a . splendid isolation, besides fitting him.'ere longfor a sleep in the cemetery. 