ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL ? Bj the report recently published of .' , yanaging Committee for building too Anglic w' Cathedral gratifying proof was given that the nork has made trood Dtoffress. fiu^atrh has now teen done to allow of arrangements being made for providing the necessary furniture, so that the part of the Cathedral already built may shortly be formally opened. With the view of enabling the members of the Church of England and others who take an interest in the wark to see what has been accomplished, and also what has been done, the Bishop arranged a short thanksgiving service, which took plass on Thursday afternoon, March 30. A large congregation assembled, including a numbar of clergymen and several leading colonists. ' At at out half-past 4 o'clock the Bishop, the Very Rev. Dean Russell, and Archdeacons Marryat and Dove, and Canon Farr, members of the Chapter, having robed in the south aisle of the Sanctuary, proceeded to the temporary entrance at the south-eastern end of the Cathedral. The surpliced choir of 42 men and bojp, headed by a few of the clergy, than entered, and a procession was formed, preceded by the Bishop's verger. As it moved up the centre nave the hymn, 297 ' O Happy Band of Pilgrims,' from the A. tc M. Hymnal, was sung, Mr. A Landergan superintending. Tae Bishop having taken his porition at a lectern placed at the entrance to the chancel, the l)jm and Chapter and the choir formed on each siae. His Lordship then offered the following prayer : — 'Almighty and Eternal God, wbo in the beginning didst create all things visible and in visible : Thou dwellest not in tempi as made with hands, seeing Thou fillest all things, and art present everywhere; we, Thine unworthy creatures and servants, whom Thou haat per mitted to build this house to the glory of Tay name, are here assembled before Thee to offar up through the mediation of Thy Son, Jesus Christ, our humble praises and thanksgivings for that thou hast prospered thus far the work of our bands upon us. Vouchsafe to sanctify us more and more to Thy service, and grant that all they who in the faith of Thy dear Son, by whom thou didst reconcile the world unto Thy* self, gave of their substance to lay the founda tion of this sanctuary may ba built up on that most holy faith; and that through Thy grase this house may be a continual witness to them and us in our daily work of Thy redeeming lore; helping us to crucify the flesh with its affections and lusts, and drawing up our minds to high and heavenly things; so that among the sundry and manifold changes of the world our hearts may surely there be fixed where true joys are to be found through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.' The Te Teum was next sung, after which the Dean read the lesson, 1 Peter ii., 1-8. The Hymn 320 followed. The Bishop then said:— 'Brethren— We are met together to offer our thanksgiving to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ for that He has permitted us to erect this sanctuary to His holy name. But ' will Goi in very deed' hear from Heaven His dwelling place, und Lave respect unto the prayera of * Hia servants?' Are not His eyes in every place, beholding the evil and the good, ' that He may reward every man according to bis works ?' 'At sundry times and in divers manners' He has declared Himself to man—Himself, 'the same yesterday, today, and for ever.1 'He hath showed thee, 0 man, what i3 good ; He hath required thee to do justice, to love mercy, and waik humbly with thy God.' He has never left Himself without witness in that ' He doeth good, filling our hearts with food and gladness.' He has spoken of old to Hia saints ; sometimes in visions, sometimes by dream, sometimes by the still small voice, sometimes in flames of fire, sometimes in angelic form, and sometimes in human shape. * He showed His ways unto Moses; His works unto His children of Israel.' His presence went with them, through the wilderness. He commanded a tabernacle to be made as the dwelling - place of that presence ; and the glory of the Lord rested upon .it by night and by day. He dwelt between the cherubim on the mercy-seat of the ark. From thence proceeded, in the Temple of Solomon, the living oraclea of God, given to the High Priest in times of national distress. With drawn for a while after the captivity, the Almighty presence appeared again in the living temple of Christ's body. ' Destroy thid temple and in three days I will raise it again.' And when that temple was taken from the earth another comforter, the Sternal Spirit, came to abide with the earth for ever. Now, through the Holy Ghost, wherever two or three are gathered together in Christ's name there God, as in His temple, is among them ' By His spirit the whole body of the Church is governed and sanctified,' and when we are gathered together in His name, God is very near to us, in the assembly of His people. Thus this place is a witness for God that He is not 'afar off,' for in 'Him we live and move and have our being.' Let this, then, be our devout coavic tion, that so, in the midst of an unbelieving v.-qrld, the symbol of the Cross lifted high on this Cathedral may remind us of our Lord's prophecy that by Hh Cross He 'would draw all men unto Him.' Having, then, in this faith through grace began this work, let as in lidth carry it on to completion. A few years' perseverance in giving of our substance for this good purpose would accomplish all. that we desire. Having put our hand to the plough let U3 not turn back. The weak things of the world have often been found to confound the mighty; The alms of the widow were counted exceeding precious in the eyes of the Lord. All, then, may contribute to the building of this sanctuary if there be but first a ' willing mind,' and God stir up tbe hearts of the people to offer as He has prospered each one of them. live, then, freely, give cheerfully, give as unto the Lord and not unto men. Make an offering, if. jou wilJ, before you leave this place, or whenever, or wherever, or to whatever amount it eeemeth to you good. And the Lord Almighty blees you. Amen.' Hymn 307 having been sung; His Lordship closed the service by pronouncing the bene diction. Offerings were made by many who attended, and a large number of the congrega tion took advantage of the opportunity to inspect the Cathedral. 