LITERATURE. TBE GREAT DIVIDE* Hie district visited by Lord Dunraven, and described in this book, is one ol the most wonderful regions of the earth's surface. It is, in the firet place, virtually the summit or apex of North America. It is not so high as some other points or ranges of theconti cent, bat it is the great elevated watershed whence several of the great rivers , of North America takeftheir rise, and flow off in various directions to the most diverse climes. .".'On the one side glance the currents destined to mingle with the tepid waters of the Golf of Mexico; on the other, up the rapids leap the salmon ascending from the distant waters of the Pacific Opean. It is the geographical centre of North America. It is essentially * The Great Divide.'" Moreover, this elevated moon tain country contains some magnificent ecenety, where mountains and forests, jrater, falls, ^ ragged rocks, and grim dark canons combine to form a whole of extreme wild nees and grandeur. And, lastly, it contains one of the moet wonderful regions of vol canic activity known to exist It has valleys an which hot springs, boiling sulphur springs; eprings of hot mud, are found almost in* numerable, of incessant activity, and of the most various foims. It may be said that almost every kind of outlet provided for the escape of the pent-up heat and commotion of the interior is to be found in this district except that of the ordinary volcano. The United States Government baa, as is well known, reserved an area of 3,578 square miles, including all of these wonders, to all perpetuity as a national parir, Moant Washburne is the highest ground and culminating point of this neighbour hood, and the view from its summit, as for as the eye can range over it, is one of most eavage wildness. " Turn in what direction it may, the eye wanders over a chaotic ">°°° of.mountains, and vainly seeks some central object on which to light, until, wearied and bewildered with such Infinite disorder; it thankfully rests upon the rolling fcillows of forest which afford momentary xeliefi but soon in their turn become irksome from their vast monotony." Snowy summit? tough jagged peaks, vast stretches of un dulating forest flecked by light patches of prairie, and dark mountain ranges, through which great rivers have sawn their way in deep cafionsi walled in by perpendicular cliffs, lie around in endless number, so that the eye is tired of examining their detail, and the mind is overwhelmed with the vast immensity of the view. But there are considerations attaching to the scene that tend to enormously expand this already ?windless prospect. The rock on which the observer sits is the summit of a which forms the culminating point of the *idge that rules the watercourses of the United States. From this point can be over looked several of the sources of the Missouri andiof fte Snake and Green Rivers, principal tributaries, the one of the Columbia and the other of the Colorado. Our author has, in imagination, descended these streams in succession, and gives a graphic description of their oourses. Thus he traces the enormous length of the Missouri, the true head of the Mississippi, from the slopes of this mountain through the savage untenanted expanse, through which It flows for hundreds of ^1 the borders of western civilisation are reached, and thence on, through more or less settled country, past the great dty of St Louis, and the estuary port of New Or leans, until it falls Into the GuU of Mexico. There, "after a course of countless miles, after traversing or bonnding numerous states and territories, and draining many thousands of Bquare miles, it spreads its arms out thankfully and wearily winkp asleep on the heaving bosom of the gulf. And the little grain of bard sand, the minute frag. «nent of feldspar or quarts, snatched from its rocky cradle at our feet on Mount Wash burne, finds a tomb at last in the still depths of ocean." Similarly if we follow down the Green River from the hills and rich forests through which It at first flows, we find it pass through the dreary Colorado desert, and then, hundreds of miles lower, it cuts its way deep below the surface of the earth* and flows along between upright ssvsge cliff* It is joined by another river, and then forms the Colorado, which for 500 suites, plunging from cafion 1» cation, par cues a tortuous course far down in the towels of the earth. "For 800 miles the stream traverses the Grand Cafion, * chasm of profound depth, which it has worn through various strata of rock, showing *he sbethod and order of position, defining their relative thicknesses, sad affording the most remarkable geologies! sectionln the world. The almost perpendicular rliffg vary in height from tOOO yaids to ft mite, and for Bosnf continuous leagues Its ewfol depths have been estimated St over 7,000ft. It is the (infest cafion oe existing fcs fsr as we knew, mthe faosof the globe." 8ome one or ftspjiimibed miles from the point where it reappsare to the light of diy the great Colorado River falls into Hie mum. waters of &eGpU; of Celifonii£. $nake iUveir, which also rise* on the flanks of this mother of greetrfver systems, Mount Washburne, passes onder the shade of one of the loftiest peaks of the oontinent, Mount Btm which attains *n 'altitude of 16,000ft, and then joins tbs Columbia, there, a qis#ntfioent abeam of from one to two and a half miles wide, flowing ttrpogh the rich ta^ls of Oregon to the sea. <V^stmicsp>siiomsnaofaieUpperTeI. and careful description of what he saw, and has in this, as in the caws of the other springs, collected much accurate information as to temperature, quantity of water, times jof eruption, &c.;, and has compared this with the facts known of othergeyser regions, such ?sb those of Iceland and New Zealand. The {alls of the Yellowstone Rivpr, in a deep fcafion walled by sides from 1,200ft. to 2,000ft. high, are also very forcibly depicted. The hot sulphur springs and the geysers and the mud volcanoes of the Fire Hole River are described, till the mind becomes confused with the infinite nnmber and strange variety of these singular manifestations of volcanic activity. The "dirty and undignified" mud springs and cauldrons are alladed to as supply* ing a grotesquely comic elementin the midst of all the weird and terrible features of the dis trict. From their broad surface there are constantly arising great puffs like immense blisters above the general level. These, one after another, buret with a smothered thud and throw the mud all around. The gnat "Castle" Geyser was seen spouting in full force, throwing an enormous column of water |n regular pulsations to a height of 250ft This lasted for an hour, the water gradually giving place to steam, and the pulsations merging into "one continuous hoarse roar, which gradually but fitfully subsided, and the exhausted geyser sank back into com plete repose." In this region, aa the tourist advances, " the ^ ground sounds hollow under foot The trail winds in and out among holes that puff sulphur fumes, or squirt water at you; by great caverns that reverberate hideoasly, and yawn to swallow you up, horse and all; crosses boiling streams which flow over beds composed of a hard crust, coloured yellow, green,, and zed, and skirted by great cisterns of boiling, bubbling, seething water. The crust feels as if it might break through at any moment, and drop you into fire and flames beneath. . . The air is full of subdued, strange noises; distant grumblings as of dissatisfied ghosts; faint Bhrieks, satirical groans, aud subter. ranean laughter; as if the imprisoned devils, though exceedingly uncomfortable, were not beyond being amused at seeing a fresh victim approach." Through this wild un earthly region, in which the crust of the globe seems to form but a thin, uncertain, precarious covering over the pent- up fine and forces within, the Fire Hole River flows into the Madison, and that into the Missouri. Here and there, looking down the valley, could be seen vast masses of steamy-looking cloud rising to a height of one or two thousand feet over some great geyser in full operation, and floating away in the current of the wind. The weird, wild scene is one to which no de scription can do justice, and nothing that can be set down in words can avail to suggest to a reader's imagination objects to which all similitudes or analogies are so utterly inade quate. Lord Donraven and his companions com bined the pleasures of hunting with those of of the picturesque. Indeed, hunting was with them a necessity, as they had rather imprudently relied largely on this means of supplementing their supplies. The result showed that they overrated either the quan tity of game or their'own skill as hunters, for they killed but little, and were left at times with a very scantily-furnished com. miesariat Our author has given, in the course of his narrative, a good deal of infor mation about the Indians with whom his party fell into contact, the " squaw men," or Europeans who have married Indian women, and Uve a life different from that of the ted men, and has been careful to supply anitine rary of each of the different routes to the dis trict of wonderland which he visited. He tells his story in a simple, matter-of-fact way, and exhibits in his narrative a good deal of the eaBy- going, cheerful Bpirit which seems to have been abown in the journey itself. Many of his anecdotes are not new; bat we do not re member before to have heard of the account given of the Apache Indians, and the country infested by them, by a " hardy adventurer," who said that "Arizona was not a bad sort of country, and that it contained a right pmart chance for prospecting, bat that the Indians were- awful mean, especially the Apaches, who troubled - bum very much, because they filled him so full of ballet-holes he oouid not hold bis victuals." Altogether the book gives a readaWeand Interesting account of a wonderful region, which the tourists will not be readily able to vulgarise, or render commonplaoe for a long time to oome. 