TALES MIB illifCHESo a very worm* BY M. F. O'MAtLEr. TOLUME II. Chapter IV. It is good to be merry and \v:so, It is good to be honest and true, It is good to be off with the old love Before you arc on with the new ! Angela, in the shelter of her own room, bur3t into a fit of sobbing. ' It is cruel of him, cruel of him !' she repeated. Gradually the sobs died away, and sho began to awake as it were from somo strange dream. ' What i3 tho mattor ? What am I Grying for ?' sho asked herself, but sho was as yet too bewildered to bo able to find any answer to tho question. Just them tho luncheon gong sounded. 'I can't eo do down and meet him.' sho thought, ' besides, what a state my eyes must bo in ; but what will ho think i£ I am not there ? Never mind, anything is better than meeting him just now. I must think ; I must clear my mind a little.' She put on her hat and jackot, and wont quietly down tho schoolroom stairs and out by tho sido door into tho park. Frosh air and ex ercise havo always a calming effect, and in a short time the troubled waters of Angela's heart sottlod themselves, and sho was able to look into thoir depths. What sho saw thoro frightoned her, for they reflected but one imago. She who had accepted tho love and life of another, was ' sho untrue to her faith ? Mechanically she took hold of the opal and diamond ring Harry had given her, and her mind flew back to tho day when he had put it on hor finger, and she had re peated after him, ' I love you, and I promisa to bo yonr wife.' ' His wife ! How can I now 1 Bat I am pledged !' Inaido the ring a motto was engraven, *' Treu und Fcst.' Angela took off tho ring and exa mined it, as if by looking at tho words sho could impress them on her mind. ' Trcu und Fcst,' — no, Bhe was neither, but untrue, and weak as water, Sho was standing on tho liridgo over the river, just above Ihe weir, looking down at tho swirling, dark-brown stream as it rushed past, foaming against tho old stono piers of the bridge, and sending a delicious, cool, fresh scent and spray into her bonding face; in her hand Bho held tho gleaming ring. Insensibly tho rapid wator entangled hor brain in its mazos of sound and motion ; thought faded away into a dreamy sensation, that some foelinc stronger than herself, stronger than all past claims, had risen in her heart, and was bearing her away even as the river swept onward, and that it was idlo to struggle against its mighty torrent. 'I love him; he loves mo/' tho river seomod to say, and recollections of the mnto confessions of his eyes, of tho tender tones in his voice, rose to her mind and wrapped her as with a warm atmosphere of happiness and love. Her lips parted in a smile, and, at tho same moment, her hand relaxed,— tho ring went flashing down into tho brown rapid river. With a quick gesture as though she could catch it, Angela stretched out hor hand ; too river had leapt up to welcome their sisters in the ring, tho waters had closed ovor it, — it was gone. 'Oh, what shall I do?' cried Angola aloud. ' How sorry Harry will be !' Tho incident had roused her reason aud will again, though it just did flash across her mind, ' Perhaps it is an onion I My lovo ha3 slipped like that out of ray holding into tho swift stream of destiny.' But sho was angry with herself for the pass ing fancy. ' I am not a leaf,' sho thought, ' to bo swept about by tho winds and waters ; I am a rational human being with a will and a soul, and 1 will be true, I will conquer myself. No, I don't love him, I don't, I don't,' sho repeated, as though sho could annihilate tho feeling by denying it. 'I havo boen foolish, ma'l, but I will not lovo him ! Ho is so good and clever, I can't help admiring him, but I love Harry, I am going to bo his wife. O, God ! keep mo true !' Then hor thought took another turn. ' What will he think of mo ? I daresay he despises mo for thoso foolish tears to-day. I must have shown him what I didn't even know myself, that ho should have thought it necessary to remind mo that I am Harry's promised wife. His Mittlo sister' ho called me, but in what a bitter tono ho spoko ! Ob, it is worso than all if I have lost his respect ! I deserve it, I suppose, but I won't do so any longer. I don't love him, I will not lovo him ; I will be true ; I will show him that ho is wrong in what he thinks ; I will avoid him, [I will be quite cool and indifferont with him.' After all, ho can't know anything ! Know anything ! There is nothing to know ! What right has ho to supposo that I care for him ? After all, how do I know that ho docs think so ? I said nothing to betray myself. If he asks mo why I crio.l I will give him some reason, tell him— anything, ifc doesn't matter what. I will maks him see that I don't care for him. No, I don'i, X don't.' Poor Angela'! Tho hour3 passed by in this tumult of emotions, in reiteration that sho was, she would bo, truo ; and, underneath tho wave3 of resolution, of affection, of honor, surged tha 'tide of passion, the haunting remembrance of ft glanco, a touch, the ring of a voice that had taken possession of her whole nature. Tho short November day had drawn to its close, when Angela, tired with this mental struggle, but firmly fixed in her resolution, entered Crofton Hall again. Sho made hor way straight to tho schoolroom, and found, tho boys and children all gathered round the fire roasting chestnuts on the bars ; there, -was no light but the red glow of the flickering flames. 'Hollo, Angel !' said Regie, ' where havo yotT been all day ? No ono knew where you wero at lunch lime !' 'I had a headacho, I went out fora walk,' said 'Angela. ' Where's Miss Primrose ?' 'Gone ta tea at tho Vicarage,' was tha answer. ' Stop and pour out tho tea fortis, will you, Angel?' ' Very well,' sho replied. ' Take my hat and thing3 upstairs for me, will you, Nelly, like a good child ?' *' I'll take off your boots for you,' said Jimi ' Here, sit down in the arm-chair. Now you look comfortable and jolly? I say, Angel, do you know I'm going out shooting to- morrow ^ isn't it a lark ? Isn't Vivian a regular brick 1' ' Did he ask for leave for you?'' 'Yes, he persuaded the governor, and he's going to lend mo a gun.' 'I am very glad,' said Angela heartily.* 'Ethel, don't put out your eyes reading by.fire« light; peel mo a chestnut instead.' ' Well, tell us a story then, Angol, do !' '.Oh, yes, do !' chimed in a chorus of voice3i' So Angela, after a few minutes of meditation, during nhich Jim and Maurice rubbed thoir hands together in an ecstasy of anticipated gratification, proceeded to spin a romance out of her brain, which was worthy of her justl/ celebrated powers for story-telling. Then camo the schoolroom maid with lights and tea, and tha party gathered round the table was a very merry ono. Angola, tired of conflict and resolution, felt all this laughter a species of anodyae, and was glad to let herself float on the stream. CniPTER V. Anger, Passion, and Blindness, Yearning, Aching-, and Fears, \- .With Faith and Duty g.iziug With steadfast cyoa upon 1'oara, ' Angela's heart beat rapidly as she entered Iho drawing-room just before dinner. Vivian waa standing-fey, tho fire talking to Mr. Willoughby ; he did not look at her when she camo in, and ho carefully avoided her eyo during dinner. His manner was qnito freo and unembarrassed, but there was none of tho constant appeal to hor to which sho was accustomed. Evidently he was an determined as sho waa to bo cool and indifferent for the future. Angela iclt a little hurt, and was also miserable at the idea that ho thought her in love with him, and was trying to cure her. Sho could not com mand her thoughts proporly as she talked to hor uncle ; her mannor was shy and conscions ; hor cheek flushed and paled alternately, and that curious, choking sensation came into her throat, It would havo taken very little to havo mado hot burst into tears. Vivian looked rather pale, but he was one ot those white-and-black men that havo very little color, so his paleness wa3 in no way remarkable, ho talked with no appearance of mental disturb ance. ' Will you come over to Paris with. Frank ?' he said. ' I have had letters will oblige mo to go over to Paris in tho couraa a few days, I am afraid, Marian.' 'What an undopsndable-upon creature ye-rt are,' said Mrs. Willoughby ; 'you never know your own plans for two day together ! However, you must stop for another week, for Mr. and Mrs. Bosanquetaud Lord Fitz Osborne bavebecnasked to dinner on tho twenty- third, on purpose to inoefc you.' Vivian compressed his lips together with a slight appearance of annoyance, then said, 'What day is tho twouty- third ? Friday, isn't it ? Oh, well, I daresay I can manago to stop till Saturday ; of course I must if these pooplo aTO coming to meet me. It is a long while since I havo seen Mrs. Uosanquet. Is she as pretty as over?' 'Prettier,' said Mr. Willoughby. 'Well, I never did seo anything to admire in her !' replied his wife at the samo moment. Mr. Willoughby and Vivian laughed. 'I think I havo heard that remark beforo !' said Vivian. 'What bad judges of beauty men must be, women alwaj'3 aro so unable to discover what they find to admire !' ' Well !' said Mrs. Willoughby with a toss o£ her head, ' I don't think it- is very difficult to know what men will admiro ? A woman has only got to flirt outrageously, and they will all declare she is beautiful ! I think Mrs, Bo3aiiquet's way of throwing her eyes about is quite disgraceful i'' ' Sho has beautiful oyes,' said Vivian, ' and a vory protty little foot. Does she still wear those nice silk stockings and high-lieoled shoes ?'' ' I am suro I don't know, never looked at hor stockings,' said his cousin scornfully. ' I think sho is very nico and pleasant,' inter* posed Frank ; ' and I pity her, with all.my heart, for beiing married to that man.' 'I quito agree with you, Frank,' said Vivian? ' Sho is a very clover, agreeable littlo woman, and Mr. Bosanquot is about as surly, ill-con* ditioned a bruto as you would bo likely to soo !' 'At allovcnts,' said Mrs. Willoughby, 'eho needn't let all tho world know so plainly how littlo sho cares for him, aud how badly ho troats her !' ' 0h, no, cf course not !' aaid Vivia* with & sneor. 'Her duty is to smirk and to simp- r when he bullies hor, and admiro every word ho sayo, and mako oil the world beliove oho adores him I Is be not her husband, and ia not hypocrisy the first duty of woman V ' She shouldn't have married bim if sbo didn't care about him,' said Frank. ' It's hor own fault.' r ' Of course, it's all her fault, poor child ! srud Vivian. 'Nothing is to ho laid to tlio charge of tbe society which makes money and a fine place tho aummum. ionuni of bappinOBS, or tko mother ?oho. married her, whensho wa3 a baby in tho schoolroom, to thia man, whom every ono knew to bo a coarse, ill- tempoied/brato. Did any ono ever hint that it was likely to bo an unhappy marriage for such a trifling causo ? Oh dear, no ! How could a wom^u bo unhappy with a nue hon&e; in town, and a place in the country, a boat of ser vants, and any number of caniages ? Diaacuds and an opera-box roust be so soothing to a wounded spirit ; they must make it quite worth while to bo eworn at and abused from morning till night, and perhaps struck, too, occasionally 1' ' No, I dou'b bolievo be'B so bad a3 to lift hia Land to her,' said Mrs. Willoughby. ' Sbo told mo herself that he had struck her onee.'* ' Poor thing !' said Prank. ' But she hadn't any bnsinesa to tell you, all the same.' ' Now, will you be oo good as to tell me why ?' ?' Because abe ialiia'wifc, and she ought to have more pride. Sho promised to lovo, honor, and obey him ; and she ought to do it,' Baid Frank, ?with the hardness of youth. . 'It is a ridiculous promise- to make, thon !' ho returned. 'How can any one promise to -love find honor for the future ? Yon can't answor for jour- own feelings six montha hence. I might aa1 ?well promise not to have a headacho nest week !! Besides, it is impossible to honor where honor is sot duo ; I say nothing about love ; and, as I said' before, you can't answer for your feelings in tho ffltUTO.' , ',':'' ' Don't tell mo!' returned Frank. 'Fdoplo can, and ought, to keep their promise?,, or eko they oughtn't to ruako them.' 'You are very stern, Misa Franh,' ho an-: Bweicd, rather sadly. ' Pleah and blood is weak !' ''I don't believe in people making excuses of; . that kind,' said Frank, decidedly. 'They can do right if they like.' 41 Oh, wo are getting on our old subject of argu ment again, are we, Prank ?' he said laughing. ' Right ? What is Right ?' 'Oh, I know, there's no such thing— according to yon,' said Frank. : 'Custom and climaio, moat of it,' ho said, with aprovoking twinkle in hia eye. -' Where 1 nave been, it is considered the height of impro priety for a woman to show her face ; whereas she walks about with bare feet quite unconcern edly. Here, . on the contrary, the pretty little ?white feot must bo covered np, or it is very shocking ; but modesty is not a bit outraged at the sight of tho faco !'' ' Thore is no use yonr arguing with mo,' said Frank, smiling. 'Right is right, and wrong ia wrong ; and I don't caro where it is.' 'Quito a mistake, I assure you j he returned. '♦.There ia no such broad, black lino an you ? imagine ; on tho contrary, it ia a vary wavering, .variable division, and it makes all the difference /w-hethor you happen to bebora in tho ninth cen« tury or the nineteenth, or iu the Tropics, or in the north of Scotland !' 1 'Idoa'tcaroi' said Frank. ' You may tails till you're black in tho face, and yon won't con vince ma that there is no such, thing as Right and Wrong!' He laughed, and the habit of constant appeal ? to Angela's sympathy -was too strong for him. Ho looked across at her, and met a glanco ol amusement in her eye.?. ?' Yon canltovercomeFrank by your paradoxes/' Bho said. It was strange to Angela how completely she ftlwajB felt that she and Vivian were thinking in some language of their own that was- unintelli gible to the oucer world. She knew, as- well as ifhehadsaidit, that ha was playing with the Amusement of seeing Franks instinctive good sense rise superior to sophistical arguments which she could not refute, and Vivian knew to« that she understood him. . Thia little incident seemed rather to break the ico between Vivian and Angola ; they talked to each other for the rest of dinnertime, and she went upataua feeling happier. The gentlemen eat late over their wine, and when they adjonrned to tho drawing-room Vivian did not, as uaual, go over to the piano. He took up^a book and-tbrcw liimselt into a chair, whilo an expression ol sickened woarinoss came over hia face. Angela was asked to sing, aud Eorae of her pent-up excite ment found relief in the action ; sho had never hoard herself sing so well bofore. Now and then . Bho fancied she, caught Vivian's oyes fixed on her, but, if so, ho always averted them as soon ae ho saw sho waa observing him. At. lasthoroso abruptly, saying, 'I really ought to do somo work to-night, as I am going . io shoot to-morrow. Will you excuse me, Marian ':' ' Certainly,' said Mrs. Willoughby. 'Don't make youraeltill by sitting up all night. I will : ECnd yon up. some tea. Good- night.' He-said-a general good-night to all the others and escaped, breathing a deep sigh, of relief when ho waa out of the room. To-be with hei now was a torture; all pleasure ityit waa gone* Ho knew she loved him, and it was- maddening to bo near her.and have to crush back all hia love for her. Sleep did not attend Angola's pillow that night. Over and over again went the weary round of longing, combat, resolution, only it had taken rather a diifcrent turn from tho struggle ot tho afternoon. She acknowledged more plainly to herself whatBhe felt for Vivian, and she was more anxious to make, him think that Bhe did not- feol it. Only there wa8 not much chance to do so j ho avoided her so determinate^, and* in fact, ho was evidently bent on showing aeiihafc ho cared nothing for hor ! At last, worn out and weary, she dropped ofl to eleop, and. did not awaho till: tho brcahfaat gong Bounded. When she went downstair^ Prank waa waiting to pour out her tea ; all the other placca were vacant. 'Vivian and tho boys have gone out shooting, -: said Frank. 'Mako haste with your breakfast, Angel, I want yon to come to tho Bchool with me before wo go to Ladj Lorraine's.' ? 'Why to Lady Lorraine's J' aakotf Angela ?Wearily. ' Wbj.l. don't you remember child 2 wo said 10'd go there to luncheon. Yon never can think ? f anything now but thoso old booka that Vivian i always talking about !' - When tho girls returned homo in tho afternoon hoyfonnd tho shooting party just coming io, ap iarent!y in hjgh good humor. Trub to her reso- . ation, Angela went straight upstairs to her own i oom, disregarding Jim's cries to como and look ; .this bag. Frank stopped on tho stairs, and ; »ngoia heard all tho laughing descriptions that vcro, given to her— Vivian's voice aa gay and Idcnt aa any othor of the party. , ; A hurt, angry, wonnded feeling seemed to itrike her. How could he- be so bright and un- , :oncorned when sho waa miserable 2 Sho sat lawn on a chair and stamped he* little foot im patiently up and down, while tears came into her syesos sho looked out of tho window, at the' Ireary garden below. Tho dead leavea strewed ibont tho path ; tho river rolling with a sullen loise ; the wind blowing tho bare, not branches if tho trees. Meanwhile, Vivian waa seated on the lowest rtep of tho Btaira tugging at hi3 wot shooting; boots, which seemed glued to his feet, and talking ! io Frank. ; 'My dear Frank,' ho said, ' will you kinOly writo a noto for' mo to Air. Griffiths 5' : 'What for?'' said Frank, in surprise. 'To say that 1 wiab to return thanks in, church on Sunday for a ' great mercy vouth-: safod to me.' That ia tho correct way to put it, ian't it?' ' What was the mercy ? You're very wicked, Vivian,' said Frank. 'Wicked ! I only wish to show proper grati tude. Don't you call it a mercy that I am hero alive when Jim would climb through tho hedges' with his gun loaded and at full cock, and the muzzle pointed at me.' ' Oh, walker 1' said Jim.' ' It's aa true as gospel, Frank,' said Regio ; 'however, ono thing is ho never shot anything ?when ho pointed at it ; did he, Vivian ?'* ' Jusb look here; what are these, then?' cried Jinij holding tip somo birds. 'Oh, you didn't shoot thoao,* Vivian shot them.' 'You forget though, Regie,'.' said Vivian, ' Jim wasn't aiming intentionally at mo, other wise I shouldn't havo been so much alarmed.; It'a most exciting work going ont shooting with. Jim,— beats pig-sticking all to fits 1' ' It's rather lucky you'ro all homo safe, con sidering,' remarked Frank. ,'Wait a minute,' said Regie, 'you- haven't heard the end of tho story yet, Frank. Oh, Jim did make such a splendid bag ! He shot a rabbit, a little pig and a boy \ He did. really ! It ia frightfully expensive going ont with him, for we had to pay. five shillings for the pig, and give half-a-crown more to the boy.' 'Was the boy hurt?' ' Not chough to do him any ham,' replied Cecil. ' He wouldn't havo minded being shot a! every day at tho- same. price.' 'The worst part' of tho buainess was apologising to Norris,'Baid Vivian. '1 had/ 1- keep soothing him down all day, and there was : continual undercurrent of grumbling. .'There hi goes again! Blazing away! Frightening th- birds and making them so shy there will bom getting anigh them,' &c;, &c.; By tho way Frank, isn't thoro a meet to-morrow ?' 4 ' Yes, at Friars wood. Are yon coming f ' If your father will give mo a mount.' ? ' Of coarse ho will ! That's right, Vivian ; haven't been out hunting with you since I uscx to- ride poor little Qipsey, and wear a scaile habit.' Cjuttbh VI. Eor. how hard it seem'd to ma When eyes, lovc-langnid thro' half teara, would dwell One earnest, earnest moment upon mine, Tli en not to daroto seo i When thy low voice, Faltering, would break its syllables, to Keep My own full-tuned,— hold passion in a leaab. And not leap forth and fall upon thy ncc&y; And on thy bosom (deep desired relict !) Bain out the heavy mist ci teara, that weigh'd Upon my brain, my senses, and my soul ! TBHNTBO5T. The next morning Vivian appeared at tb breakfost-tallo in pink. He looked very ham some and picturesque, and his brow waa quil unclouded as ADgelo, from tho window, saw hii ride away. 'There ia no strngglo for him,' sho though ' Oh, why, why, iohy^ii he come here and mai me so wretched?— I Jove him !— I love him .' An I am nothing to him,— 1 never can be an] thing !' Tho desivo to show hor indiffeTence, evert h- resolution to conquer her love for bim, was r; pidly merging into a craving longing for- ono ( hia old looka of tender admiration. ' If only 1 would read and talk to me, aa he nscd to- do, could bear it all !' she thought. ' I could gc to love him only like a friend — in time. Bub no lie is going away, and I tlull never sco hi: ogain I' Sho tried In vain to settle to any occupation a day ; all were alike irksome and distasteful. , was better to be moving than sitting still, ho^ ever ; so in tho afternoon ska walked to tl Evanses' cottage. There Mrs. Evans entortain- hor by. an account of how, aa soon aa her ' man'i time in gaol waa up, Mr. Vane was going to pi their passage to Australia, whero there was plen work to bo got. '?* He'u a dear, good gentleman, that's what 1 it, !' eaid tho good woman. 'And yon too, Mis beggiDg your pardon, and leastways not a gentl man, but Angels yon both waa to us tho oth night. Mr. Vano he como here- and ho talks pleasant,— plays with Marty, and! Bays, *I bi your pardon, Mrs. Evans, for interrupting yon jour washing,' eajB he, just as if I was tho quei herself ! but there* Miss, what's tho goad of tall ing? Didn't I bco tho way ho looked at 701 just aa if ho would like to kiea tho ground y- stepped on ! — Excueo mo ono moment, if y- please, Miss, I want to tang theeo things out dry,' and Mrs. Evans disappeared, rather alormi at her own temerity. It was nearly dark by tho timo Angela g homo again. She could not take her work or book and sit down, Iiio a rational creaturo, 1 tho drawingroom £10; but,, after wanderii about f 01 a little, hJce an unquiet ghosl, csta Eahed herself at tho window of tho North Qalloi from ?whence she could command} a view o£ t avenue. i'xescnUy siie hearti the sound o£. horscb' icet,- the aud, looking oat, saw Vivian and, Frank riding; hei ?np together, Tho cokr flashed into hor face, sh- then died away ; & kind of sharp pain seemed to Sh go throngh hor heart. Sho was bo unused to snf- sb- fering liko this that sho felt almost a curiosity am as to what new pang would tortaro her. Then mi she heard them corae in, and Yivian'B step on. tho br- staira. Thcro waa only a faint light in tho an galloTy; as Vivian suddenly caught sight 0! An- pa gcla ho gave a great start, ' flood graoioua ! how At you frightened me! I thought it waa a ghost.' . stc 'Tho ghost of tho nun.1' said Angel, with a foi faint langbi ; at . . ' Why do you sit hero, in tho dark and cold?' soi he eaid, trying to scan her faco by tho dim light. mi ' Go down to the fire, hike a good child !' to ' Yon'ro extremoly kind F said Angela, bit- so. terly. ? ' I can tako caro o£ myself, thank you !' de Poor Angol ! whore hud her prido aud dignity w? gonoto? ' Why do you speak liko that?' ho said, ap- '-- \- preaching her. 'Are you angry with mo, child's' se ?' Angry ? No ; what should I have to- bo an- P- gryfor?' ,„?'.- ? . « ' Well, pleasO vTo'n't sit np hero ? Come,' ho j1' said, takiug her hand, ' Poor littlo hand, how in coiditia!' -1- . Angela pulled it away angrily. 'Whatbnsi- «1- \- ness bav'o you to tako my hand 1 Let mo paso, d- please,' and aho almost ran away from him. Sho A went to tbo schoolroom aud stayed there, till £- time to drees for dinner, reading a story-book to *- Ethel and Nelly. . - .' . ].c Frank eamo in to her cousin's room on tho way D down to dinner. 'Whovo have you been, Angel?1' ^c she asked. ' We've had such a jolly day ? c : Vivian and I v/ero tho only two- in at . tho finish. J' Come along down to dinner j I'm so hungry!' 'Stop a minute, Frank, and, let mo do some- a thing to your hair,' said Angela. ^ Frank, pretty well accustomed to being caught ' and- dressed by Angela, submitted with tolerable- w resignation to having herself embellished by somo ^ of thoso little finishing tonchea without, which a . dress ia so ineffective, and then Angola suddenly *' clasped her cousin in her arms. t ' Kiss me,- Frank !' siio said, 'You do I0V0 a me a little, don't you ?' ' ' c . 'Of coniBQ I do,' said Frank, in surprise. T ' What is tho matter, Angel ? yon'vo been cryiDg I to- day !'' . l ' No, no, 1'vo got a hoadacbe, I think,— that's l all. Como away, Frank.' * There was a craving for sympathy in her mind, ( 1 mingled with a great dread that Frank should discover her secret. At tbo dinner-tablo there wero lights and laughtor, and. much talk about 1 the day's sport. .. ? ? 'Such a capital ran i'1 began Frank. — Lstany 1 ono who has stayed- in a country house during 1 tho winter imagine tho conversation. Every part of the run waa talked! over, the riding and tho horses of everyone out commented on,— every. - \ body waa eager and animated. ; everybody bnt -? Angela,, to whom. much, of the- talk waa unintelli giblo, as well aa uninteieating,. and who felt 1 ' thrown out in the cold by her want of comprehen. \- sion. 1 'Such beautiful weather it was, too \' said ? B . Vivian j ' '?there is nothing liko. tho climate of 5 dear old England after all. I can appreciato it 9 ; alter having been alternately roasted and frozen » for tho last two years.' : ' Frozen f repeated Mrs. Willonghby, 'In India?' ; ?*-Yoa may even Ue frozen in India,' bo eaid1, I laughing, 'ii you go to the right placca; but I ? wa»thinking of where I waa last year in Thi * bet.' . ' 'What dort of a climate is it?' asked Mr. Willoughby. \ ? ' Tho apotheosis oi east grinds,' ho answered. t ' 'A clondlcsa sky, a burning sun, and a biting, . bitter wind, compared to- which* the worst east winds of an English spring aro as balmy zephyrs I' ?*' What an infernal climata it must ho S* 'Exactly, that is just what it is, aa infernal olimato and country. Fane; dreary -wastes of gravel, an atmosphere of extraordinary clearness, , blinding glare of the sun, hot enough to give one ;e sunstroke in tbe morning, and, in- the afternoon, ! a- wind that cuta tho. very, marrow in onoia bones. ] used to, think of Shelley's lines :— t, Brlyht 'Reason shall mock thce, Lilto the suniu a wintry aky.' j As ho said this, involuntarily ho looked across p, tho table at Angela— no ono else ,waa likely to appreciate a quotation from Shelley. He met her 31 eyes, and in them,, quite unconsciously to herself, 2, was a- look of- pitiful pleading. It went to }f Vivian's heart,. and hia love fox bcr seemed to riao ie up like 'a giant refreshed with wino.' Gfood I God ! what terrible fate waa this, that compelled it him to hurt tho creature he loved best on earth ? w for he knew well how much he hurt her by bia m cold, indifferent manner. Her heart w&-3 as somo instrument on which he could play at will, ill Sho turned away her head quickly, and spoko It to her undo, but Vivian had not mistaken the v- expression of her ejes. Bia marked avoidance of iO ber, and formal manner to her, bad bad tbe effect, :d not only of showing her plainly the nature of her 3' feeling for him, but of strengthening and inten ly aify-ing that feeling, and turning it to a- burning ty ondr consuming fire. Vivian waa- nnablo during tuo rest of dinner to 10 carry out tho lino of conduct ho bad marked out ib, -foe himself. Ho was very silent, andr when ho 'e- held ppeatho door for the- ladies to pasa ont, his er eyea aonght Angela's— aonghb thorn, and met as thorn. Straight into each other's souls they eg seemed to. look, and what a tragedy thcro was in in) that ono glanco I A drowning man might have in .looked at her like that, or some dumb anima] in k« torture, eo full oi pathetic pleading wero tboso ij dxurk oye% Angela folk thom to her very heart ; )« sho went up to her room, and throw, herself on m her fcaeea by tho bed, wbilo a gasping sob broke tq from hex, and tho Bealding tears forced their way Bd throngh her fingcro. Sho dared not moet that glanco again.; so ringing her bell, scut down a oS message by tho maid that she had a bad- headacho a -and bad gone- to bed. by i O blessed headacho f What should wo women Dg dc* without it? bo- of tc& does ik eland as oxcuho b- for heartache I ?yr Tho next day was Sunday. Vivian went to tho ha Tilhgo chwrch with tho rc3t of the family, Angola to tho little chapel ia tho park. Whoa- Bhe £ot aro she tried to pray- but her heait waa not in r prayers. For what wob sho praying? that o might bo truo Io Harry ? Too lato for that. 6 waa not going to bo falso to him in deed, if 0 wished to, even, sho had no chanco of it; d, as to praying for help against hor lovo, sho gut as well pray that sho might livo without eathing ! Then sho rooaed hor whole strength, d tried to renew her resolution to tear thia E.sion irom her heart. In vain ! sbo could; not. ; last sho threw herself on her faco on tho cold 3ncs, and sobbed out a vague, passionate prayer r mercy and strength, that sho might da rifiht, least ; bo less solrJEb, and bear her trouble mellow ; and then she prayed for him that ho ight not suffer, might go away and forget her, if think of her gave him pain ; aud, oven 03 sho id it, sho felt what the French call a scrrcment '. caur, at tho thought of how near that parting !IS. What fierco conflict of emotions toro Vivian's sart too, as tho old rector droned through the rvico ! What a tcrriblo war between passion, ity, tho longing for tho heaven ho had just to itcr, and honor, duty, and right. Ho waa eadly pale, and his faco was sot as ho leant back 1 a corner of tho old family pew. Ho did not onbt for a moment whero duty lay. Should ho 0 his brother, who loved and trusted him, tho eadliest wrong one man can do another? Nover! Lnd Angela— poor, sweet child— sho would for ot in timo. She suffered now, ho could soo that, nt tho pain would not last for long. Sho had ived Harry, aho would lovo him again; this waa ut a flash of girl's romance Ho blaniod himself ar having won her affections, and then ho xoneTated himself ; it had been so unintentional, t was the fruit of sympathy of nature ' 'There it no Ood but Allah. It ia Doatiny,* a my friend Mehemct Ali eays. Yes, it i3 )estiny. If I bad como homo a year ago, aa I utended, we should havo mot and loved, and all ronld havo been well. How happy wo should iavo been together J' And then ho went off into . dream of tho 'might havo been,' a aweot, oolish, dangerous dream. ' Fool that I am to hink of that now ! No, it ie too lato, too late, md I must try and forget her, that ib all. It bo iomes harder and harder every day that I am pith her ! If it wore not for this cursed dinner* ?arty I would go away at onco, but I must keep ap appearances. I . shall run up to town to morrow, at all events, and, in tho meantimo, I mist bo caieful, for her sako moro than my 5T7D.'. 