SIGNOR HOSSI AS HAMLET. (From thctinrer.) The interpretation by tragedian* of ac knowledged reputation of the greatest character which il liiw ever entered into tbe mind of any dramatist to conoeivt, must always be a matter of great interest to tho intellectual public. We there toro make no cicuse for directing our readers' atleuiion to Sigoor H/ossi't per formance, mjre especially because the 1 ress lu general p.-eui loclincd to do bat scant justice to his areat intelligence lad hisiriume power. The terrible weather we have beeo experiencing had ua fortunatcly deprived Signor ltoHi of hit ull vocal powers, so that he Wat doubt less seen at first at grsat disadvantage. t was remarLoJ last year of Salvini'l tamlet. that It r»iir.-s,.nti.jl nn Tlnlian railii-r tlian a Dane, and ibat the traits which might he considered as character istic ot the .Northern temperament were absent. 1'liei.auie remark may be made »l Hossi'a impemonaiioii ; hut since there is no evidence that Shaksperc intendld ilamlol to repreiiciit a national type, and -ince there K doubtless as muou of th* Southern as tbe Northern lempfrrament in his character, we caunst agree with those who take iliu somewhat narrow view thai no Iiuiion uuyA( lo attempt to depicl the Danish prince. Signo Rossi illu.irutes one .ide of Hamlet's diameter iu A manner far Sup -rior to uuy actor who hjs played the part ol late jours. We mean th* eicilable temperament or the Prince of Denmark, ilio temperament which causes his mind at Obrlain ttirriog points uf thu play almost to topple iato uiadneKK. Iu the Ural act, when the ghost appears, Hamlet, overcome with awe and surprise, reels backwards for a second as he ulU-ra tho words ' Ajlgalt when the ghoul liu.lly diaap°peari, he hill proitrate on the earth in a momentary swoon, and the liais — Holluiy heart. And you, my ainews, grow' nut iusunt old, are recited at full length on the (rronnd. The ellecl thus produced wai very good, and we believe i|iiite true to nature. The first real nit made by Signor Rossi was in Ihe soliloquy at the end of the secnnd act, beginniog '? O what a rogue and peu»uul iJave tin I ! ' which we never remember to have beard more finely jiven. When he summed up the King'a, character in the words— niood}-, bawdy villain I llcmnr«ele»«, Ireinheruu... ludicroua, tind hi- clnteuiPiil wa- Bomethini terrible ta witness, and bis 8-lf-acrusatioui of falling *' a-ciirsing hkea very drab -a scullion !' reenved a unint and a meaning which n icU.iui tiveii lo them. Thii wove (if excitement having paaisd over liis brain leave* him for a moment dazed, and it in tooje moments before he can ? iceulrale his thoughts on the sch. me ol tlie play. At (he end of the play scene Hamlet's eieilement again culminates in a manner which ia war. ranted perhaps by tho cxigenoiM of ^iguor liossi's coucipiion of the part but scarcely liy the words of ihe text. The words 'C' -me, some rnusio ; come thft recorders,' seem, as uttered by Signor (.usi.to be the pitiful prayer of a luualio for the boolhini; inti'ience of harmouya Iu ibis we U.mk the actor is not is ao. cor.lance with the poet. Hamlef. excitability nert showt itself in the clo*cl scene, and at the words KA King of Khvriis and patches' he wreiU the luiuiatnre from the Uueea'a snin and (ramples it in the dust in a very eomacy ol nmniaial rage. At thia instant tbe Glinsl appears, and the eflbct of the apparition on the rasing H.ralel waa fine indeed, and ins condition when the Ghost departed ami ho mhus to himself re minded one i.f an cpilepiic patient who had bivu loi mented Uy some visual aura, end white mental facutlios have befa sealtered lor ilio limo. When Signor Eo»i. at tho uruve, tinpplos uiih Laertoi, ii seems all of a piece with ihe character wU'i'li we have tieen thus pisyod bt fore ua in :1m' i levions uclt.and don not anptar a. Ihe .iiitle unwarrantable action o/the dratni ns il nllcn dnei, when the |iart ia ? ttempicd hy other aet.ir.; aud in tho final Mcne, where Sitnor Hoasi mutter, lo hini.cll' as he feu.-M with Lacrtea. andla.ily ru«h,« ™ il,e ting will, the inipiil.ivpnc* of. whirlwind, we have a terminition vhieh is (juite consistent witk 'tie view l.ken ol Hamlet', character by ihi- aetnr. The impersonation is a good ono. and in certain poinls which we havtj indicated it is eveu 'frf&t.;' 