NEWCASTLE. From a Correspondent. Dry weather has set in again, and we may expect it very hot now, as, in fact, it is at the present moment. There is still a large quantity of hay in the fields, that was more or less dam- aged with the late rains ; but it is hoped not seriously. I hear our R. M. (R. Fairbairn Esq.,) is to be here on Saturday next. I only hope it is true, for we have had enough of " playing at Court of late, I have not heard of anyone yet accepting Mr. Everett's' challenge. Has no one in the Toodyay district pluck enough ? Surely there are some sporting characters who will take him up. We have Mr Inspector Atkinson here, making his usual visits to the schools in these districts. This reminds me that the time is draw- ing nigh for the election to fill the vacancies of those going out by rotation, both in our School and Roads Boards. Just a word to the electors of Toodyay ; don't be misguided ; don't be am- boozed ; but vote for such men as will do justice to all, and favor none study your interests ; don't vote for persons who will make away with the money entrusted to them, and no one knows how, where, or when. Vote for men of sense and judgment. Nov. 22. (From another Correspondent. ) ? " The spectre's coming !" Such was a remark I overheard one little boy say to another. I afterwards learnt it was probable the urchins meant the Inspector of Government Schools who has just been on his half-yearly visit, but I really failed to see anything ghost like in this gentleman' appearance ; the weather, however, during the last few days, has been enough to give us all a spectral appearance. The heat has been intense. Our Roads Board elections are nigh at hand, and it is hoped by those who have any hope at all in this world, that the free and enlightened electors of Toodyay will, as is usual with them, exercise their privileges with discretion and judgment. We are called a thankless and ungrateful generation. No ; not in all things for we are both thankful and grateful to have back in our midst our Resident Magistrate, (R. Fairbairn Esq.) Hay making is drawing to a close and if the heat of the weather still continues, we shall be in a similar position. Nov. 25th, 1876. 