STOEY OP BASSET. (From " Chambers* & Jt.u The story of Basset illustrates. convict life, and is otherwise curious.' The father of this way wurd youth' hod hecn tho blacksmith of the village, and died when he was a rliild. His mother was a woman of a kind heart, an easy disposition, and a'weak will. She exorcised little control over her sou, who, :i« ho grew up, was allowed to do much us ho pleased. He was a bold, active, restless, and withal somewhat wilful boy, the first among his companions in every legitimate village pastime, and generally the first also in even* mischievous prank and unlawful escapade. Quite undisciplined, and following in all tilings his own will and pleasure, he had not a bad or callous heart, and, after liis own wild, boyish fashion, loved his mother. After a long widowhood, Krs. Basset married again, and j'oung Basset found in his new father one of as strong a will as himself. It was soon evident that the two could never live together 011 tonus of agreement, and the stop-father determined that the boy must leave the house. He therefore apprenticed him on board a man-of-war, and young Basset took his departure. For a little time, while the novelty of the thing lasted, ho liked his new life, but before very long he began to weary of it. His previous life had been the worst schooling-for' the enforced discipline of the navy. He chafed at the restraint and control, longed once more to be his own master, and resolved to escape from what he had grown to regard as a bondage, on the first occasion that offered. Such an opening as he sought was longer in arriving than lie had anticipated, but at last he thought it had come. A part of the crew of the vessel in which he served, mutinied, and Basset engaged himself in the conspiracy, with the hopo that it would prove successful, ami afford*him an opportunity for obtaining the freedom ho yearned for. But the plot miscarried; and the mutineers were one and all sentenced to transportation. It. might have been thought'"that Basset would havo made an unruly and difficult prisoner *, but it was not so. lie was naturally of quick perceptions, and his period of man-ofwar service had hud the effect of teaching him a certain amount of foresight and self-control. He soon took in the conditions of his position. He saw and heard of many instances of men who, by quiet conduct, had gained their freedom long beforo tlio -<torm:.ef- ; their transportation .was-completed,* mid/He knew uf some of theso same.-men..who. had attained in. a short .spaco, to independence.and comfort. Ho saw tlmta initiation/of sentence followed upon good conduct, iiot in exceptional cases, lmt as the rule, and lie .resolved to act accordingly. Ho would not .chafe or rebel against his present-fate, but hear patiently, keeping always steadily^ in view the end at which he was aiming.' Freedom was a passion in this mun's nature, and the very longing for it now helped him in his.dctenniimtion to preserve a quiet, and orderly dbmcahoui', iuj the surest and speediest ; means of . winning his liberty. For a long whilo this resolvo hold good.' Basset's, conduct was uniformly. satisfactory. He was resorved and silent in his manner, and those in authority; over. hjm. • thought.. him sullen aud inoody, but otherwise they, had no fault to find. ■ So things went on with Basset, until a circumslancoj'occumd which was agiiin' to change the current of. his life.,;.He wus at • this time one of a gang of prisoners employed in'building a r bridge across i: a' river. One day some failure in his duty.'oh tho , part of Basset brought upon\liim tlio, consuro of the overseer. The" thing- had happened through. no wilfulness of tlie nian's, not even through carelessness, but was due wholly. to inad■vcrtencc. But lhe pverseer.was in an irritable mood, his temper had been otherwise tried that morning, and his rebuke was -sharp.and peremptory. Basset,received.it in silence; but the suddenly darkening visage, which ho could not wholly hide, did not escape tho overseer. It magnified the prisoner's fault in his eyes, and it new appeared , clear to him that this was a case that demanded. some sharper treatment than mere words. He wrote tho following, note, addressed to the magistrate of tho neighbouring township,, and gave it to Basset to deliver :—u,Dear Sir,—Pleaso order tho bearer (No.. 73) twenty /lashes, and oblige, yours very truly." This was a form of epistle very common in those days. , Tho power of administration in regard to the flogging.of tho convicts was vested in the magistrates. Basset delivered tlio note, received his lashes as per order, and returned to his work. Next night No. 73 was missing from tho camp. Ho had made his escape to tno woods. Tlio mail's naturally hot and hasty spirit had been again roused by the injustice which he had received, and his former resolves hud given way. He had never been flogged before; during bis sea life, his quick temper and impatience of authority had never led him into any indiscretion punishable by tho lash; his final transgression had'brought its own prescribed penalty. Search was madefor Basset with'aU tho vigour and vigilance which at that time attended the pursuit of escaped convicts; but in this instance it proved fruitless. Tho surrounding country had but recently been , opened up, and was hs yet little known. Basset got clear away to woods, and penetrating daily deeper into tho fastnesses of the forest, fell in* with, a small : tribe of 'blackfellows,- with whom.'he at onco cast in his lot. Ho knew .that- this , would be, the surest of all means which ho could udopt to make good his escape. / His new ♦' acquaintances extended to him all the hospitality/within their: knowledge, and their unsuspicious demeanour won his - confidence.' ; Mingling;.with ; the uncouth savagery of their life, he found gcntlor • traits of character which made existence among them tolerable. His life now approximated, as nearly as possible, to tbut of those around him. He soon spoke their language, learned to .hunt and trap the wild animals which supplied them / with food—the kaiigaroo, tho wallaby, and the native bear; learned to luro tho,.bird to the snare by the simulated call and whistle, taught himself to shoot, with the bow, -to hurl the boomerang and the javelin^ to. spear tho fish in the river, to fashion cunningly . with his own hand the rude but deadly implements of the chase, and in all these, and. the various other : arts of savage life, he became as skilful as tho most expeit of those aboutliim. - Erelong, too, the ascendancy of his higher race exerted and manifested its influence. : Tacitly,his. darkskinned companions confcsscd.his supremacy, obeyed his will, and established him as their loader and \ ing. Basset was now tasting freedom in its most • unrestricted forms, and for a time, he enjoyed it keenly, yielding himself with heart and mind • to its wild delights, its unfettered abandon, and freedom from all cave beyond tho day. Tho nomadic instinct, which is so inherent, though often dormant in most men, .nnd- whiclrwus especially strong in him, now had full seopo and liberty. - The authority, too, winch he exercised over his swarthy: comrades in the camp and the chase, sweetened his wild ex- / istcnee. But the time came when these pleasnros palled ujam him. The compauionship of his uncouth though faithful followers grow irksome to him, and tho power lie wielded over them lost its zest. He cast about how lie might best escape from the tribe, and-was at last sue-, cessful in eluding them. Ue.huried. himself in the recesses of a remote mountaiu gully, which he lmd one day by chance wandered into during. a solitary limit ing expedition, and. of tho existence of which ho felt certain his companions wi re ignorant. Tlio black men sought their missing chief in vain, and then mourned for him as dead. it was a wild,.. lonely, * yet heautifiil spot, which Basset lmd made his retreat; a deep and narrow reft in tho heart of tho hills. The mountains, stoepi high and rugged, walled it on every side, and at its bottom flowed a bright and .rapid torrent. The vegetation was of supreme luxuriance and „ beauty; a matted network of trailing greenery bound the forest together in ono impenetrable • mass. It was a spot where the virgin forest had . never yet been touched by tho wliito man's nxo, or the black man's hunting knife; where probably no buinan foot hud trod l>oforo Basset's, where, perhaps, the echoes had. slnmboied . unawakcued, save by the cry of wild birds, suite . • the creation. Basset cleared a space on a small , grassy plateau at tlio head of the gully, and here, with tho stems of fallen gum trees, withes of the willow, and clay from tlio bed of tlio stream, built himself a hut. About/him and above, the pines and shcoaks waved and sung; tho lorreut sang beucaih.. Soou ho , began to-foci tlio want of sufficient occupation. To one of his restless activity of mind and body, inaction , was n burden; The cap. turo of such animals and birds as he required for food employed hut a small part of the day. He did hot,usually, stray far outside the con. fines of/liifl '-mountain - valley lest, he should again meet .with ; any of his' late' companions; bnt one day.'ho' had wandered a long way beyond the boundaries of the gorge, lie had left the mountains behind,; and had dcccendcd upon the plain'. --1. Y/anderihg on, with no fixed purpose in his'inind;- ho came upon: a; solitary homestead shiuding in-tlio uiidstof a level, well- grassed country, sparsely sprinkled with woodland; - It was the dwelling of Hugh Kavanagh, a spirited and adreiiluioiis squatter,' who, soekihg now and wider pastures;' for his increasing nocks,'-had pushed further and further into the interior - of the country, until his last, and what ho thought would be his final resting place," was one of the remotest stations in the colony. As llassct contemplated the home of Mr. Kayanagh and its surroundings—the garden in front, and the small . farm-yard and out-houses in tlio rear, an air' of thriving and civilised comfort pervading tlio whole—an idea took possession of liim. Concealing \- himself *in the neighbourhood* he waited till-: nightfall.•' When all; lights had been extinguished in' the - house, and everything seemed quiet and at rest, Basset stole from his ' hiding-place. First he entered ono of the out-houses and stealthily explored its interior. It was a bright moonlight night—a circumstance which assisted him greatly in his enterprise. At one end of the placo he found a goat and two kids, and at the other several lambs with their mothers. He took the goat and its kids. Then he entered- the garden in front of the house, and gathered several plants of flowers' and vegetables, carefully taking them up by the roots. He was guided by no choice in the matter, selecting the plants as they came; but he made no wanton destruction among "tliem, taking as many only as he wanted. "Withdrawing with his stolen booty, he placed the plants in his game-bag-, slung the goats and the kids on his shoulder, and made his way hack to his mountain home. A few nights after ho returned to the scene of his deprer dations, and repeated his former exploit. He now took a sheep and two lambs; and, besides thescj a spado and a hoc, and a quantity of different kinds of grain from the stalls. Basset had now the means ot creating occupation for himself. He tilled the little plateau on which his hut was raised, and planting his flowers and sowing his grains, he cultivated, tended, and nursed the patch of ground morning and night with assiduous care. The copious dews of evening watered it," the soil • was rich' in its virgin-strength, and in uo -long time a garden blossomed and smiled, andn little corn-' field waved like a golden billow around' the log hut. For hiaikids. and lambs Basset built a small fold ; the creatures multiplied until a little flock' demanded his i future caro. The pleasure and pride of ownership which he now experienced in possession of his- garden, his field, andhislivo stock, wasanewand very agroo-i able feeling to him. Ho enjoyed perfect frec dom, together with a certain sense of civilization. He was dependent upon no man ; ho was entirely self-sulficing and self- supporting.Now and then,, indeed, at long intervals, lie paid a visit to Mr. Kavanagh^ station, and— ' well, stole severalarticles which it was beyond his resources to produce himself. On ono occasion, finding tho family all iroxii home during, the day, he entered the- house itself, and took thence a number of books. To tlie reading of these he gave. himself up in the hot summer noons and the . long winter evenings. .They were an odd and a miscellaneous assortment, for ho had picked them up-promiscuously from Mr. Kavanagh's tables and shelves as they, came to his hand. But Basset read and re-read them, whether1 fuct or. fancy, without much thouglit of discrimination, until he knew a great part of their contents by heari. Thus the hcnnit.lived, solitary, but sufficing for all things in himself, ami for five years ho was contented and happy. He thouglithocould live thus for ever; but hewasmistaken. The life he had bcerileading for the past five years had, unconsciously tohiinsclf, been working a gradual but decided change in the man's nature. His life with the blacks had rather tended to develop all that was wild; reckless, bold and headstrong m his nature. He had" given full' reinto the nomndic basis within him; his heart had pulsed maccord with ther untamed hearts , of those around himexulting in tho same fierce joys, ruling oyer his companions chiefly by the cxerciseof a more doinmnnt wiLL Tho influences that now operated upon him were almost "nil of a diverao-kind. • His-,occupations were of a tranquil and peaceful sort;; for he now hunted very little, his garden, his sheep and his goats supplying himwiththo greater part of liis daily food. ' In the pursuit of these trnnquUHsmg employments his.' blood cooled, his ■ jmlse grew calmer, his'spirit less hasty and restless. A change was coming over him. Basset sat in his cabin in the'long nights, ailJ,lw tb° pauses of his reading listened to tho wild commotion outside—to'the -wind, now usbrieking amid the rocks and tho shuddering trees ;* now sohbing and moaning m a wierd half-human Voice; now crooping close to his door and whispering hoarsely under the lintel, as though half-bcggihg, lialf-commanuing adnnttance. Thcso wind- voices, together with tlio voice of tho torrent, look vnrious and many shapes in his mind, and laid hold of jus imagination, Among the books which ho nadtakon from Mr. Kavanagh's housowas ono ot tierman^ legends:" griin, fantastic stories of the mysterious and supernatural. On stormy nights,.sitting by his lonely wood fire,liis fancy peopled tho. tumultuous elements outside with the slrnngo beings of these old legends; ho couJd liimgino a logion of storm- spirits abroad wJn *° wboso turbulent dominion tho vuiloy had for some tlmo boon surrendered. n ®Jhn nights ho would walk along tlio gorge, ut it was a lonely sort of pastime. Tlio wan intry moonlight filled tho place with a weird cry sheen, and tho gum trees glimmered on every side, white and hnggard-lookiiig, like melancholy ghosts. Gradually theso influences had an awing effect upon Basset's mind. "The intense solitude of the mounlaius, which in Btonnv.seasons became desolation," was beginning to • oveipower and, almost to cow him. Whatever of wilfulness and stubborn resistance was. innate in him was becoming tamed and subdued. He now acknowledged no human master, and jtho stern impassive forces of nature were mastering him. His lonely liberty was making bun a grave, thoughtful, and joyless man;. lie went about his daily occupation in his garden, ■ his field,-, aud among his animals; but they were ceasing to yield the satisfaction and the pleasure they had once done. He betook himself once more to his books, among which were'ft " Pilgrim's Progress" and an old volume of Shakespeare. These ho pondered andbrooded oyer,-and,-though blundering sometimes in their ihlerprctatiouj came, nevertheless, to a pretty clear general understanding of what he read. Scvcii years in all he; passed in this valley, seven golden summers, seven stonnful dreary winters, and then the solitude lmd fairly overmastercd;"liim. ; Absolute freedom had worn him out. - " It wasj again summer, a calm and beautiful evening in November. Sirs. Kavanagli sat at the door of her house, working at some piece of sewing, watching the sunset, and awaiting the return of her husband from his .day's occupation. Her two children, a boy and girl," played together near at hand.; . As.she looked up ever and'anon, to view the.fading sunset, and to grize in tlio; direction whence her husband 'should appear, u figure came suddenly into her field "of; vision, emerging from the scattered clumps of.woodland that fringed tho horizon line.. It could not be her husband, for . it was the figure of a pedestrian.: It advanced steadily, and the clearer its outlines became the more imfamiliar it looked to: Mrs. Kavnnagh's dyes. When at lengtli she made but distinctly the appearance of the stranger, some slight discomposure miugled with her wonder. The man advanced till within half-a-dozen yards of where she sat, and then paused.' For a woman, Mrs. Kavanagh was not easily frightened. Tlio wife of an Aiistralian. backwoodsman in those days sometimes felt the advuntage of a steady heart and nerve, and frequently acquired both.: But Mrs. Kavanagli's pulse quickened, and her heart beat faster lis she regarded the strange figure before her, clad in rough goatskins, with long thick hair falling, about his shoulders, a face. worn, and haggard with solitude, half hidden in a flowing growth* of beard. The children were crouching about their mother's knees—the'girl hidden completely amid the. folds of her dresse», the boy peeping timidly; forth with eyes of startled wonder. Yet Basset had ' not. a ; repulsive i face, and his figure 'vrns straight; and shapely. He was still in 1 the prime of . life, and the influences .that had fun-owed and aged his face had not bent his body.;: -A painter might have taken huii as he stood as a model for the Prophet John worn out with the wilderness and long preaching, rindHot have needed to idealise too much. ; His eyes had n hollow, wearied look, but were not wild. / He paused a few moments.before he spoke, and then said: ^ Is theraaster'at home, missis ?". > "No; but I expect him; every minute," Mrs. Kavanagli replied.. ^ " Then, with your leave, missis, I'll wait for. him j" juid without speaking inoro. Basset seated himself on tho ground. : . » At that moment Mis. Kavanagh caught sight of licr. husband: advancing rapidly on horseback. She went fonvard with the two children to meet him; and Kavnnagh cliecked his horse,'and alighted, as thoy approached. li Hugh," said Sirs.Kavanagh quickly, " here is a man wishing to sec you—a strange, wild-looking creatim?, I never-saw before.". In miotlierinoment the two men stood face to face. . "Mister," began BussctiwiUi a slight motion of his hand, indicative of a desire to: be allowed to speak; first,;"my' name is;Basset. I am a convict, a lag. I escaped twelve years ago. Some'U say that was wrong; may. bo it was, and may be thoy'd liave done .the same if they'd been irie. But let that go. I've been living in tlio woods ever since—a long time with tho blacks, a long timc.by myself, as you see me. AIay .be you will wonder when I tell you I have got a good many things together uptherein the mountiuiis., Well, I stole 'cm— I stole 'ein from you; come down here and took 'em away at night, but, as Heaven' is my witness, I never took more 'n I needed; ana now you can have 'em, most all back again. Some of the things, the sheep and tho goats, has moro'ritrebled. Via. tired out living alone; I'vo given in. You can do with me as you like, muster; keep me about the placo if you can; gi *c mo tip to Uio beaks, if you must." Basset spoke in a quiet, composed voice, but as ho uttered his last words there was a slightly eager, questioning look iu his eyes. Kavanagli was surprised, perplexed.- True, tho man had confessed that ho had inoro : than once robbed him, but Kavanagli felt thankful that ho had done no more. He might havo visited tho house in his absenco and murdered his yvifo and children. Kavanagli every now and then heard of such things, deeds of ruthless cruelty, done by escaped convicts, men who, turning imshrangors, held tho parts of tlio country which they frequented in terror, by the nudncityof their crimes, until recaptured or reduced to surrondcr by starvation. But this man had lived, seemingly, a very different kind of life, and hud dono no worso than steal a few things from him j tho want of which had nover been felt. Moreover, lio seemed thoroughly tamed and subdued by the life lio lmd led. Kavanagh hud'a warm and generous Irish heart, and Basset's story awoko in'-him sympathy and interest. But ho was in doubt how to act. ""What do you want mo to do for you, my man ?" ho asked at length. " Could yo keep mo about tho station; master, shophorduig or such ?" queried Bassot, hesitatingly. " That would hardly do; against law, you know," replied Kavauagh, doubtfully. "Yes, so I suppose. Well, do what you pleaso, muster." " I'll try and do my best for you," pursued Kavanngh. " You can stay hero to-night, arid I'll think the matter over before the morning." That night Kavanagh and his wife deliberated the matter gravely, mid agreed finally as to what was best to be done. Early next day Kavanagh started for Ilobart Town. Ho was a well-known man in the colony, an old settler, a rich inan now, whose wealth gave him position and influence, while his personal qualities made him respected and liked. He laid Basset's case > before the authorities,' and pleaded the cause of the escaped convict with earnestness and wisdom; and he was successful. The law was merciful, and Kavanagh returned home with a free pardon for his client. Eor several years Basset remained on Sir. Kavanagh's run as one of the regular station hands. During that time he remained always the same-^docilo, trustworthy, and hard-working, genuinely grateful for his changed lot. When, in 1833, the transportation of criminals to Tasmania had ceased, Sir. Kavanagh offered him ft piece of land in the vicinity of Hobart Town, and proposed to him that he should turn market- gardener. The idea was to Basset a congenial one, and he immediately accepted Sir. Kavanagh's offer. Years went by, and he prospered, until ho had made for himself a moderate competence, and liis name came to be spoken of with honour and respect. If tiiciO bo any among dur readers who have ever visited the beautiful little Tasmanian capital, they will remember how the town is girdled with pleasant gardens and smiling orchards, lying along the slopes of the adjacent hills. Anyone of theso may have been the property, aiid eontaiued the home of Basset, the ex-eoiwict. 