A BUNCH OF HOLLY: AN INTERESTING CHRIsTMAs TALE. [Wirrras.? aA LADY. EXPRESSLY FOR THE I jcmEs' ADVoCATE."] GHOST STORY. I TELL the story as it- was told to me I neither vbuchh fdr' the -trusth or own to dis believe it. 1I only" promise that the" person who told me jth" tale firmly believed it; that she was a good christian woman, and.one tdo who had not anatom of romance about her.- SIh vieas a widow, the wife of a well-to-do farmer, who0had many years ago committed suicide, leaving .her well off and in every way provided for.. She was better educated than most people ;a kind-hearted generous .woman. Ever since her husband's death she had been ill, a low, lingering illness which lasted for years; but never till near the end confined her to bed. Often as I saw her, she never named her :husband till two days bejore her death, and then she told me the following tale: ' My husband had always been an honest, upright man; he never neglected his church, and was the best of husbands an'd fathers We haid one little girl, the loveliest little thing ever you saw, with blue eyes and hair as brown as a nut. I can talk about her now, because I shall see her so soon, bonnie little Mary ! She sickned of fever, and died in my arms. ' My poor husband was never the same afterwards, she was his idol. He grew morose and sullen, in short, a changed man. It madci mtie very unhappy. But I could do nothing. Of a night he would lie tossing and moaning, muttering in his sleep words that made my hair stand on end; he who used to be so good and so gentle ! M Meanwhile things on the farm seemed to have taken a lucky turn; my husband enlarged 'the bouse, set up a gig, hired two servants laid out the garden and spent money in a useless lavish sort of way that vexed me; but I dared not cross him. ' One night, I shall never forget it, it was quite dark, my husband had been restless and uneasy, so much so that I could not sleep. All of a sudden I felt the floor shake as if soMce heavy person was walking-over it; but I heard no step. Our bed was near.' the wall; tbere was just room for any one to squeeze in. My husband slept on that side. Presently I ielt something squeeze in between the be] and the wall, and I became conscious that some thing was in the room. Almost immediately my husband sprang up in bed, and began re peating the Lord's prayer ivith vehemence, and the whole bed shook with his trembling. Tliahn I 'felt the-thing back out, and all. was still; My hiusband lay muttering and moaning till daylight, but I" dare not stir to go and get a light. ',Next morning a servant who was cleaning shoes in an outhouse, above which was a' loft, came in shrieking with terror- and said, she had seen two. large glaring eyes staring, at her from the floor of the loft. I laughed at her tale; but I must confess made me nervous. ', Later on a labourer going into the loft to fetch something declared he saw a creature with glaring eyes glide away behind some old sack~. We searched, but found nothing. 'Seome thought it was a wfldjbeast escaped from a travelling menagerie Which had just left the town. Others that it was. alljimaginative. ''I never told the events of the night. My husband.saidiothing ; he looked as if struck. but these sullen fits were now so common I never liked to seem to notice them. 'That evening about dusk they found him hanging behind the outhouse door quite dead "--What.was it that came after him i' * Some months after "ve 'found two large bags of money hidden behind some sacks in the loft. 'I never touched it. I never knew: how it came there. I'could not 'have-used it for worlds. I semit iL all' just' as it' was to the children's. Hospital; in London. They said that he was mad, so, perhaps, God would par don' him, anid let him go to his little Mary ' 