SLY GROG SEL?O.-It is becom ing more and more evident, that the present Act, regulating the sale of intoxicating liquors, encourages sly grog selling, During the past week, three persons were convicted before the Fremantle Police Court for this offence. T'he full- penalties were inflicted. The offence is confined to the lowest class of men, dealing in the lowest neighborhood. SUICIDE.-Mr. J. Hare, a son Of the Resident Magzistrate at Albany, and brother of the Rev. PF. Hare, formerly principal of the Bishop's School, Perth, recently shot himself in Adelaide, under mental depression caused by pecuniary embarrassment. VOLUNTEERS.-The :Fremantle Vo01 unteers made a moonlight trip to Perth, on Thursday night last. They embarked on board the steamer "Enchantress," re served exclusively for the Volunteers at the North Premantle Pier, at half-past six under the Command of Capt. Sutherland. The "Lady Stirling" was laid on to con vey passengers to Perth and back at a low fare and was crowded. The steamers re turned to Fremantle about midnight, the volunteers, and such of the public as accom panied them, having thoroughly enjoyed themselves. BOAT ACCIDENT AT ALBANY. -- Mr. Alfred Hassel, recently made a trip to Deep River, to examine the timber in that locality with a view to starting a timber comp'ny. It was arranged prior to his leaving Albany, that a boat should be sent to Deep River to bring him back, Unfortunately, contrary winds prevented the boat reaching the appointed rendezvous at the proper time, and he returned overland. The boat on its return while rounding Bald Head, was capsised by a squall, and the crew had a narrow escape of drowning. Several of them could not swim; but luckily olne or two could, and they succeeded in righting the boat and got all hands into her. The boat was waterlogged, and they found it impos sible to free her. After some difficulty, the jib was set, and the wind happening to blow right on to the land the boat slowly drifted towards Gull Rock. Here thile crew landed after being nearly ten hours in the water logged boat. One of the crew was attacked with cramps, but a little brandy, found in a bottle in the boat, fortunately relieved him. It was fortunate the wind did not shift, for if it had they must have drifted out to sea and been lost. A QUADRUPLE ExEcuTioN AT BANOKOK: The culprits were four-an incendiary, sen tenced to have his hand cut off; a murderer to be ripped open; the third a policital offender, to be delivered to wild beasts; and the fourth a blasphemer to have his head burntoff. Theexecutioners made full speed grinding the axes and sabres, dressing the furnace, and preparing the bellows. The incendiary came first and tendered his wrist, and his hand was immediately seen flying in tle air. This mutilation did not seem to affect him much, for he went ansong the crowd to witness the following executions. The murderer next takes a seat on a stone, and whilst they arecuttinginto his abdomen he keeps biting a banana ;the sufferer is then seen to gnash his teeth, and, under horrible convulsions, looses the banana, and sinks to rise no more. The traitor to the King, meanwhile, is looking down a" den speaking to the tigers, and recommending them to sharpen their appetites. The exe cutioners seize him, pass a rope under his arms, and lower him slowly into this horrible hole, after which they slowly drew the rope up. Then we hear says M. Chaul nes, an eye.witness, something like muffled crepitation ; from time to time a human form is seetlL jerked up; the breaking of the skull, and the thigh bonrs is distinguishable. The wild beasts are roaring all the time-; butno human cry is audible. As for the sacriligious criminal the executioners tied him on a plank, and placed his head between two coal pans They then work the bellows and direct jets. of flame on the culprit's head, who continues singing what is supposed to be an impious or blasphemous song. His temples are blis. tering under the darts of fire, and yet he cos tinues his psalmody. Meanwhile his body writhes in awful cbnvulsions, his eyes are bleeding, his bones cracking, and he finally gives up tile ghost with a fearful yell. TnE "Amur" belonging to Mr. W. E. Marmion of this town, on her way to Port Pirie S. A. with sleepers.went ashore on Moody Point it Spencer's Gulf. The vessel it is hopod is only slightly danmagel but most of the sargo would have to be discharged before slhe couldi be got off. BRiA Rcsr BAwS'--Wo a0e glad to learn that branches of both the West Aus. tralian and aRtional Bauko, are about being opened at Geraidton. Tiis we presume, may be taken as n. indication of an actual or anticipated ac,.retion of business in the Champion Bay District. lMR. BARKER thie very able and suc cessful lecturer and canvasser of the Aus tra;inn Mntual Prvident Society, who was here some months back, returned to the colony by last mail steamer and will we understand visit the various twnships and districts of the colony, in the interest of the Society he represents. During his previous canvass we understand Mr. Barker succee !ed in inducing persons to effect insuranme0 upon their lives to the aggreate amount of upwards of £150,000o. GOLD AGAOL.-Private advices from the Nor'-west, we understand, give good reasons for believing that before verylong it will be satisfactorily shewn that gold will be found in that locality, under conditions that will yield ample rctu;.s for the inveet ment of labor and capital. PUIn,1C MTEETINGo.--On Tuesday last, a public meeting, convened by the Chairman of the Fremantle Municipal Council, was held in thle Od! Fellows' Hall, for the pur. pose of considering what precautionary measures should be adopted to prevent the introduction and spread of scarlet fever: Mr. Lefroy, the Chairman of the Council, being unavoidably absent, Mr. W. S. Pearse was voted to the chair. After some discussion on the present unsatisfactory sanitary arrangensents obtaining at the port, resolutions to the following effect were passed. That it is the only recourse of the inhabitants of tihe of tihe town to adopt strict sanitary measures-that the Munici pal Council be requested to make compel. sorytheuse of drycartil closets;thatthe neces sity of an hospital in the town be urged upon the Government ; that His Excellency be in formed that the quarantine regulation are imperfectly carried out, and further that the Governor's attention be called to tihe fact that the Health Officer is in the habit of boarding vessels arriing from proclaimed infected ports, and returning on shore at once, even when the vessel is placed in quarantine. ENTERTAINOEKT. - All entertain ment, given in aid of the funds of the Flre mnntle Literary Institute, took place it the Odd Fellows' Hall, yesterday evening, and was as successful as such entertainments deserve to be. The programme consisted of instrumental music-the performers being Mrs. Morris, Miss Wellard and Miss Francisco; singing -in which Mrs. HIar wood junoand Messrs. Compton, B.C. Wood, W. G. Johnson and O'Callaghan took part and Readings by Dr. Barsnett and MIr. Sutherland. The entertaiument was opened by Misses Wellard and Fhrancisco, performn. ing, in capital style, a duet for the piano - "Sans Souci." The merits of neither coan poser norperformers wereappreciate~ asthey deserved, by the audience, but pianoforte music, unless of a very popular character, rarely is appreciated under such unfavorable circumstances as exist at entertainments of this class, " Ring Out Wild Boiells," was next given by Mr. O'Callaghan, who pen. sesses a capital baritone voice and kn we how to use it with the best effect. Thio old, but ever popular duet "Lerbord Watch" followed, most effectively given by MIessrs. Wood and Johnson, and Mr. Compton suc ceeded with a little gem amorid songs, "My Sweetheart when a Boy." Mr. Compton always sings carefully-and correctly, but we have heard him to better advantage than in this song. Dr. Barnett then read Schiller's "Diver," wTithl muh good taste and emphasis. Mrs Hlarwood, jun., next sang a delicious little melody "Foud Mem'rys Beam" and this followed by an amusing vocal tri,, " Mister Speak er" brought the fir t part to a successful close. Mr. Marmion opened the second part by singing the well.known Christy melody, "WeapingSadandLonely ' and was ifllowed by Mrs. Morris, who played in dashing style andi with splendid execution, a pianoforte solo "Battle." The "Sra is England's Glory," well delivered by Mr. Johnson. could not fail of being a success whoere British sailors formed a portion of the audience and it was accrdingly vociferously cheered. Mr. Sutherlanud next read, Lover's story" Paddy the Piper," and Mr. O'Callaghan followed with the "Standard Bearer" which he sang in capital style. The duet "My Heart's Delight," sung by Messrs. Compton and Johnson was capitally. rendered and deservedly ap. plauded. Mr. WVood:s song " The Belle of the Ball," given in his best style created furious enthusiasm, and successfully closed a very pleasant evening. Dr. Barnett, the President of the Fremantle Literary Insti. utet, presided, and at the close of the en tertainment returned thanks to the per formers for thetr efforts on behalf of tihe Institute. The amount realised was £9 17s Gd. Rucout has it, that an enquiry is beong instituted br the police into reported cases of the kidnapping of white children by natives at the Williams. It is assumed, but we think most improbably, that the object of the natives in kidnapping the children was to kill and eat them. Folloeoay's Oiltmend t o Pl dls. - Shortness of Breath, Coughs, and Colds. Thousands of Testimonials can be produced to prove the power posessed by these cor rective remedies in cases of asthma, incipient consumption, and all disorders of the clist and lungs. The Ointmuent well rubbed upon the chlest and back, penetrating the chest and skin, is absorbed and carried direct to the lungs, where, in immediate contact with the whole mass of circulating blood, it nen tralises or expele those impurities, which are the foundation of consumption, astnhma, bronchtts pueumonia and similar complaints. On the appearance of the lirst consumptive .symptons tihe back and chesat of the patient should be fomented witli warm brine, dried with a course cloth, and Holloway's Oint ment then well rubbed in. Its absorption will sunan ae lvanucing smptons, and barion this formidable foe. 