SUNDAY LECTURES. DAVEY-STREET CHURCH. !l ." Man's Spiritual History and Destiny." The course of lectures on this subject was con- cluded on Sunday last in the Davoy-street Congre- gational Church by the Rev. B. Stafford Bird Both in the morning and evening the subject under consideration was " The final destiny of the human race." In the morning the lecturer began by saying that it was impossible for anyone who has tho ootnuion feelings of humanity to be unconcerned about the question of man's final destiny. Was only a part of the human family to be finally saved ; and was the other part to live on in wretchedness and pain as long as God exists, or to be swept altogether out of . existence by an act of divine annihilation ; or woro .all one day to be reconciled to God their Father, ¡and 'to 'live' orí" irf blessed fellowship with Him through all the countless ages of the future J What was to be believed ? ' Mr. Bird had read for the Soripture lesson before the lecture a large number of passages from both the Old and Now Testaments as . representation of what the Bible teacbes about the destiny of man ; and he said if it wore possiblo to put away all our preconceived opinions, and to forget all that we have been taught on the subject, we would readily admit it to be exceedingly difficult, without considerable thought, to reconcile those passages, and to decide what is to be believed on this deeply interesting question, The difficulty of harmonising the apparently conflicting Scriptures is so great that it is very remarkable, if not blame- worthy, that a terrible doctrine of hopeless wretched ness for sinners hereafter, which men must believe on pain of being counted heretic, or infidel, or even worse than that, has been built upon certain selected texts ; while other portions of the inspired 'word of God, which ought to have been allowed to modify that doctrine, or to preserve its holders from dogmatism, have been persistently ignored. While we ought to have due respect for tho irsdjtional interpretations of Scripture which have come down to us, in the creeds of the churohes, we should not forget that these interpretations are but the teachings of fallible men; and we ought to know that it implies no irreverence for traditional interpretations, ' and no disrespect to tho wise, learned, and good of all the Christian centuries, to say that in tho church of Christ today there are men whoso learning and godliness qualify them to interpret rightly tho word of God as well as any men that the church has seen since apostolic times, In reverence for tho teachers of a bygone age we ought not to be deaf to tho voice of teachers to-day. Tho question should ho with us, not what does this or that creed set forth, but what does Scripture, as a whole, teach? In our attachment to any theory we must not use those portions of Soripture only which seem to support it ; we must also carefully scrutinise and allow due weight to those which appear to upset it, If we can by fair interpretation harmonise all that Scripture says on man's destiny, We shall probably have in that a true view ; if wo cannot so harmonise all, it is plain that we must not dogmatise, but leave the question an opeu one. In any case, while there ore bo many apparently conflicting passages, we must think and let think. "Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." Mr. Bird said it was interesting to know that the hopeful view at man's destiny which many nowadays entertain, though it has been, strangely enough, regarded with horror by the self-styled orthodox churches for centuries past, was not counted a heresy in the primitive ages of the church. The doctrine of never- ending punish- ments for the wicked was never included, either in the early or middle ages, among tho dogmas which were most surely to be believed by the faithful. It is not so much as named in the Apostle's creed. That most venerable compendium of faith teaches us to say, " I believe in the forgiveness of sins and in the life everlasting " ; but not a word does it teach of interminable punishment and everlasting death. In the Catholic Church, some of the most learned Fathers and many respectable church teachers, without injuring their reputation for orthodoxy, were advocates of the doctrine of the final recovery of all the lost. No Council of the Church ever decreed a dogma of never-ending punishment in condemnation of the doctrine of universal restoration. It had remained for the Reformed Churches, the Churches of Protestantism, to elevate into a dogma what the Apostle's creed never named, and the Catholic Church never con- demned. A feeling grew up and gathered strength during the middle ages that it was most necessary to preach the doctrine of never-ending punishments in order to frighten men out of their sins ; and the same feeling leads many to say to-day that if that doctrine be given up the floodgates of iniquity will be thrown wide open, and much harm will be done. Mr. Bird said, the question for us is not what will be the effect of this or that doctrine ; but, is the doctrine true? If we take care to find out and teach true doctrine, God will take care of its effects. What the Scriptures teach must be proclaimed, let its effects be what they may. But the lecturer demurred to the idea that the doctrine of the final reconciliation of all to God could be any encourage- ment to any one to continue in sin, while it was held and taught, as the Scriptures certainly warrant us to teach, that the sinner will be punished until ho learns to hate sin and, forsaking it, thoroughly submits himself to be saved by the grace of God. We learm to love God because we coma to know that He first loved us, not because we think He threatens to punish us with terrible pains through the countless ages of eternity. Myriads, without a doubt, go into hell with the belief, held all through life, that they are going where there is no more place for hope ; and yet their belief did not restrain them from sin. Mr. Bird said he thought that to teach a sinner that God will always punish him in order to save him is far more likely to lead him to love God and turn from sin, than to tell him that God will be ready to receive bim and forgive him during this life's brief day, but that, after that short day is past, God will never care for him any more, but leave him in unending wretchedness. If any one chooses to say he does not mind going into o hell out of which he can get by and by, oven though it be after thousands of years of terrible pains, he only shows his folly by such speech. Dives, with but brief experience of it, found it anything but a desirable or comfortable place. He minded it very much. Whoever goes into it will find that it is no light thing to be where escape is impossible except by first enduring the terrible paius inflicted by Him who "will thoroughly purge his floor and burn up all tho chaff of sin till sinners are purified, and, like good wheat, gathered into His garner. It is o terrible ordeal. Some, Mr. Bird said, suffer the pains of hell while on earth bo fearfully that they commit suicide to get free from them. The hell beyond is just as terrible ; more so. The spirit it that is tor- tured here with sense of shame and guilt, and that seeks relief by suicidal flight from the body, will fiud no relief till that wbicb made life intolerable ia hated, confessed, forsaken, and pardoned by a peuitcut-loving and sin- forgiving God. The lec- turer concluded these general considerations, which occupied the time for the morning lecture, with the remaik that while it is held aud taught that there will be agony and wretchedness for tho sinful spirit until he learns to love what is pure aud good, and submits himself cheerfully to God, there need be no fear that sin will bo encouraged by declaring the doctrine, if it is thought that Scripture sustains it, that all sin shall be destroyed, at last by Him who came to destroy the works of the devil. Tho evening lecture consisted chiefly in an exami- nation of Scripture testimony concerning man's final destiny. Mr. Bird said that what is revealcd to us of the character and attributes of God must bo allowed to have weight in all arguments ou this question. God is our father ; will ho cease to be fatherly towards his sinning children when they have gone out of this world ? Will He gladly wel como back to His embrace tho penitent prodigal during any of the days of bia stay on earth, and yet bo so utterly devoid of parental feeling that He Mill be unmoved by the prodigal's confession and piteous cries for mercy through all the ages of his lifo in the next world? God is lovo ; His love brought Him into tho world to Book and save the lost ; can that love ever cease to seek and savo the lost ? We aro taught that His mercy endureth for over ; will Ho continue to chide, and still keep His anger when the penitent spirit, in any world, cries, " God be merciful to mo o sinner?" God is just, i.e., righteous ; can He allow tho existence and per- petuation of evil iu any world without using means to bring good out of it? Since He allows evil to continue what to us seems long, is it not because Hu knows that it is an enemy which He will ulti- mately conquer ; and becauto Ho know b that he who resists the temptation which evil presents rises to a higher character and enjoys a blessedness which, without the temptation, could not be attained? Is he a righteous mon who ceaseB to take pains to bring his orring child to righteousness ? And can it bo the.act of o righteous, i.e., a just God, to give up, at any time, all effort to bring His sinful child to a better way ? Such questions as these, the lec- turer said, whiuh uaturally ariso out of Scriptural statements about God's character and attributes, in- dicate the difficulty which many God-loving, truth loving, sin-hating souls have in relation to the widely-received doctrine of tbe irreclaimable con- dition and never-ending punishment of all who die in their sins! It is efton said that tho opposite doctrine has no foundation in Scripture. Mr. Bird asked his hearers to considor whether the glorious consummation of universal reconciliation of which the Scriptures speak can bn truly said to bo effected ; whether the victory of tho cross is really completo ; whether Christ can be fully satisfied with the fruits of His'soul's soro travail; whether ho can bo properly called the conquoror of Satan, of sin, of death, and of hell, whilo Satan still lords it, as many believe, in everlasting pel petuity, over a large minority, if not the majority, of the human family wliosu sins aud sufferings shall know no end. Did Scripture, Mr. Biid would ask, afford any foundation for the belief in " tho restitution of all things," or did it not? lu Gen. iii. 15, wo have a promiso that the seed of the woman shall bruise the serpent's head. This is a prophecy of Christ's vic- tory over all evil. The serpent's power to harm is destroyed when ita head is orushed beneath man's heel. That destruction Christ is to effect. It is not done yet. Faul tolls us that the God of peace will bruise Satan under our feet shortly. We wait in hope for the fulfilment of that promise. To us the time may acorn long. But with him a thouaand years are as one day ; and shortly Satan, i e. all evil, shall be bruised, crushed, destroyed beneath man's,foot by the power of Christ. Tho seed of the woman shall bruise the serpent's head ; that 1b to say, Christ shall destroy the devil and all his works. God made a promise to Abraham that in lum and his seed' all tho families of tho earth should be blessed. That'promise shall bo fulfilled, but it cannot be whilo any of the families of the barth are Bunk in wrotohodness and woo, it cannot be ful- filled till that prcdioted day arrives when "there shall be no more curso." Of the final salvation of all tho Israelites both Old and Now Testamenta speak plainly. "In the Lord shall all the seed of luraol (not one child of Abraham oxceptcd) be justified and shall glory." (Isaiah xlv. 25.) The castaways of tho house of Israol aro all to bo re- ceived again. (Seo Rom. xi.) Tho branches of the tree of spiritual Israel that were broken off becauao of unbelief, aro all to be graftod in again when thoy turn from unbelief to faith, " For God is able to graft them in again." Fora timo God hath abut the unbelieving up in disobedience that Ile might eventually have meroy upon them all. And bo, says Paul, ''All Israol shall be saved.!' And what could appear clearer, as to tho final willing and cheerful subjection, not of Israélites only, but of all mankind, to God, Mr. Bird naked, than the words, " I hove sworn by myself, the word ia gono out of my mouth in righteousness, and shall not re- turn, that unto me ovory knee shall bow, every tonguo shall swear." (Isaiah xlv. 23.) Ages of ages may pass before that is accomplished, but otornity is boforo God whoroin to work out all His designs aud purposes concerning mon ; and Bio who reigns, and who has subdued many onemies, must and Bhall reign " till Ho hath put all onemies under His feet." (1 Cor. xv. 26.) In tho "fulness of times," of whioh oternity has infinita store, Ile is to " gather together in ona all things in Christ," (Eph. 1\. 10,) and "reconcile all things to Himself, whether they bo things in earth or things in beaven," (Col. i. 20.) " Tho last enemy that shall bo destroyed," whon all sinners shall havo been subdued, "is death." (1 Cor. xv. 20 ) The second death, man's laat foo, shall bo Blain ; for if the sccupd death is not destroyed tjioro will still bo one unconquerable foo. But all enemies, the (¡rat and second death inchu]od, aro to bo put under Christ's foot. Death io to'bo aboiishod, and life and immor- tality ate to reign. Tho parableu of tho lqjit sheep, tho lost coin, and tho lost son, Mr. Bird next qajd, were spoken to tench that God oyor lnvoa einnor», and that ho will acok for thom or wait for thom until Ho fiuda thom or they como back to Him. In thoso parables all that had been lost woro found, and thoroforo thoy justify the belief that fío who lovos and scckB and eaves tho lost will ona day find His last loot son, making heaven's joy bo completo, that, having no mora causo for nor row and sadness, one loud triumphant shout shall burst from ovory lioai't, " Hallelujah I All our brothrnn that worn dnad aro' alivo again; every lost,'one at length iu found 1 " To tho sumo effect, and incapable, in Mr, Bird's judgment, of any other interpretation, are the word* of Pani, .? . i ' ' < . ? ' the many Bhall be made righteous," (Rom. v. 19.) * The many " here are all those who had become actual voluntary transgressors of known law, i.e., .li mankind, excepting those who die in infancy. All those who die in infancy are saved, and all the rest-" the many, shall be made 'righteous." God will continue Híb gracious ministries with them all until at length,' after ages, it moy be, of rebellion and punishment, they ali shall voluntarily, freely, and oheerfully, take Christ as their Lord and Saviour. There was also, the leoturer said, the promise of Jesus that if lifted up He would draw all men unto him. Gould it be said with truth that all men ore drawn to Him while millions stay away? Is that promise fulfilled while hell is peopled with rebellious Christ-hating Bonis of men ? When Christ Bays that He will draw all men unto him, are we justified in thinking that He means He will only draw a few, and that He will leave all the rest, who will not come to Him during the first few years of their existence, to weep and wail and gnash their teeth, SB outcasts from heaven, through all eternity? Many take suoh figurative language as that.about the undying worm and the unquenchable fire, and persist in applying to it the most extreme literal signification, while they will not allow anything like a fair sense to be attached to such words as " tho many shall be made righteoiiB," and "I will draw all men to me." Mr. Bird said he pleaded, in God's name, for an honest and fair interpretation of God's holy word. It waa too precious to be trifled with. We should be willing to lot all our doctrines go to tho winds rather than that we should hold them by any unfair selection of texts or any dishonest abstraction of their legitimate force from the plain words of God's book. After referring to other Scriptures which appeared to him to teach that all shall at last be saved, Mr. Bird Îiosaed on to apeak of "the tree of life, whose eaves are for the bealing of the nations." (Rev. xxii.) What, he said, are we to understand by it but that, in that far off day, long after the great judgment is passed, there is still spiritual healing to be dis- pensed by the saved to the nations who are there still unhealed, and who, because unhealed, are kept without the gates of the eternal city ! And when we further read that "the gates Bhall not be shut," what is it but to teach that, as the nations are healed ot all the síub that disqualify them for a placo in the abode of the blessed, they may come in through the gates and eat the fruit of the tree of lifo to which they havo a right, because they havo learned, though late, to keep God's commands? (Rev. xx., 14.) Mr. Bird blessed God for that cheering picture of the far future which the last chapter of our Bible gives of the outcast nations, as tho eternal ages go, bringing their honour and glory into the city of God, until the time shall come when there shall be no more unsaved ones without the gates of the New Jerusalem ; no more curse, and no more' death ; all tears wiped from all faces, and all things at last made new. Blessed be God, the lecturer said, for the glorious hope ; and blessed bo His holy name for those holy Scriptures which afford the sure foundation on which the hope is built ! Mr. Bird next said that there are some who foel that these Scriptures unmistakably announce the final ex- tinction of all evil, but who, in view of other scriptures which speak of the destruction of the ungodly, hold the doctrine that the curse will be removed from God's universe by the ultimate anni- hilation of all who continue up to o certain period impenitent. With such a theory the leoturer could have no sympathy. That the destruction of the sinner does not mean his annihilation is clear from the fact that God says to Israel, though still existing, "Thou boat destroyed thyself, but in me ia thy help," (Hoses, xiii., 9). Mr. Bird believed the predioted reconciliation of all to God will be effected by the continuance of various divine ministries ; God never relaxing His efforts, never withholding His terrible, yet merciful and purposely profitable chastisements, until every lost one, subdued by his agelong punishments, and wearied with bia eternal controversy with God, shall at length yield, in love-constrained submission, to God. Mr. Bird next submitted to examination thoso Scriptures which are supposed to teach the doctrine of never-ending punishments. It ia said that as the same Greek word, which is rendered " eternal" is used of the life and of the punishments of the future state, if we say that the punishments will come to an end, we muet hold that the life also will end. Rut to this it was replied that tbey who argue thus forget that it is distinctly predicted in Scripture that a timo is earning when there shall be no more curse, when spiritual death, that is the punishment of sin, shall be abolished, when all sinners shall be made righteous ; while it is nowhere predicted in similarly unequivocal terms, or in any terms at' all, that the life of the righteous sholl come to an end. An English reader might say, "Does not our Lord say that there are few that find tho way that leadeth unto life?" (Mate. viiL, 14 ;) but tho Greek reader knows that a moro exact rendering is "few there be that are finding it." Again, some will say, even if all other sins can be forgiven in tho next world, the sin against the Holy Ghost cannot, for the Scripture says, " neither in this world (or age) nor in that which is to come." But Mr. Bird said it is too often overlooked that the Scriptures speak not only of an age immediately coming, ob in the caso uuder consideration, but of ages of ages. Our Lord did not say that that sin could not ho forgiven through all the ages of ages that were to como, but only that it could not be forgivon in tho ago that, when He spoke, was immediately approaching. Others Bay that Judas never can be saved because we road " It had boon good for that man if he had not been born." But when it ia known that that phrase was often used ob a proverb among the Jews, in relation to cases where the irrevocable doom of a sinner was not implied, it must not bo loaded with that most hopeless meaning in this case. " Where their worm dieth not and the fire is not quenched " is a passage much relied on, Mr. Bird said, in support of the doctrine of interminable punishments. But he reminded his hearers that a Bindiar phrase was used in tho law of burnt offering, (Lev. vi. 13,) where it ia said, " The fire shall ever be burning, it shall ne vor go out," or be quenchod. That fire is long siuco gone out. Of the valley of Hinnom just outside Jerusalem, where the carcases af beasts and the refuso of thp city wcro thrown, ond where worniB were ever preying on such refuse as the con- stantly burning fire did not consume, it waa said the worm there never dieth,ond the fire is not quenched. That worm ia long since dead. That fire is long since gone out,. To make tho same words mean that the fire of hell shall never to all eternity go out is therefore manifestly most unfair ; especially when we aro told that death and hell shall both be done away, cast, to bo destroyed together, into the lake of fire. Another passage, the last to which Mr. Bird referred, was that in Hob. vi., 4, C, where it is affirmed to be impossible to renew certain apostates to repentance The lecturer said the passage wsb coi tandy a difficult one, but he felt that its apparent meaning should not be pressed too far, while there is such a superabundance of scripture testimony to a moro hopeful doctrine. AU sinners, Paul says, " shall be made righteous ;" these therefore must be included before the same is all complete. Mr. Bird then slid that he had now fjnishpd the work he bad sot himself to do. He had made, throughout this course of leotures a simple and earnest endeavour to show bia hearers what the Scriptures had taught him concerning men's spiritual liiBtory and destiny. He had endeavoured to show that God had dealt with man as a father through all the past ages, and ho had oxpressed the bolief that He would still deal with bim as a father through all the ages that aro yet to como. For years past, Mr. Bird said, he had entertained the hope that overy prodigal child of the inflnitoly-loviug Father would be at last re- claimed ; but as ho had read and studied and spoken to his people on this Bubjcct, his hope had grown to a conviction-a conviction which he bohoved was firmly grounded in God's holy word. He believed in the power of that love that shone on the oross of Christ to conquer all enmity to God, 'Ho believed that Ho who was crucified shall reign till all His enemieB are subdued, till the kingdom of humanity is no more divided, as it now is, between Christ and Satan, but whon He whoso right it is to reign shall be crowned, with glad acclaim, by tho universal host, as King and Lort! of men, God has never far a moment swerved from His eternal purpose to gather all things togothcr in Chriat of things in tho Heavens and in tho earth. From that purpoae God will never turn till it is fulfilled ; for Ho lacks neithor timo, nor powor, nor skill, nor ministers for ita acoompliahmont. Ho Bhall succeed, God shall triumph, Christ shall reign. " For of Him, and through Him, and to Him are all tilings, to whom bo glory for ever and ever, Arnon," 