THE DAY'S SUMMARY. The Albert Crickofc Club ball will tako place this evening, at the School of 'Aria.1 ??''' ;l Mas. Wilkie's furowell concert at the School of Arts last nigfiit atrrac(cd'_ a- good UUUJCUlWi The Edina, steamer,. whicirjcft this. morning for Sydney, took six hundred fat'shqop.! fi 'Ofit'f1'I: J The flood atFeroy«Jo tojBowJeyol.withjtho bridge. Jacob Eisner, a bankrupt, and lately a cabinetmaker at Rockhampton, was yesterday oxnmined beforo Mr. Justice Lilley, who at the close of liis examination fully committed him to tako his trial at tho next Circuit Court at Rockhampton, for offences under tho Insol vency Act. s . j, ' A ???wnAiw labourer, employed. at Beattio's Commercial Wharf, fell into the river yester day evening, /but was rescued by. somo of tho crew of the Edina. ~' ; 'r . ^ ? Tiie Loichhardt, s., from! Sydney, arrived to-day. ? .''?-- ' .:: — ' ' The telegraph lino between this and Sydney is still dowri.^' The break is on ihis'sido ofi tho border. ?.'??*. ?? '? '?-, -.-? '?.?)??' ''?-.' : , The divorce case of Hall v. Hall and Buchanan is still proceeding. In consequence) 'of a slight accident, Mr. King will -b'o unablo to bo in his placo in Parliament this evening. The want of confidence debate was continued again last night. Mr. Tyrel, the member for Stanthorpe, moved, an. amendment that the public business should go on, and this amend-' ment has not yet been disposed of. A motion for adjournment by Mr. Amhurst, was lost by 22 to 18 votes. Subsequently, ??Mr. Thorn agreed to an adjournment, which took placo at five niid twenty minutes to two. In the Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Groom drew attention to the late accident on tho Southern and Western Railway, by which an engine was overturned. He stated that ho had been informed that an employ6 knew that the part of tho line where the accident occurred was dangerous, but that ho had never reported tho matter, nor had any signals been used to stop approaching trains. Mr. Thorn promised to enquire into the matter. Miu TiiosirsoN complained, yesterday, in tho House, that the low rate at which the railway carriage of wool between Ipswich and Bris bane had been fixed, interfered with the means of earning a livelihood for those engaged ?n Ipswich in loading vessels with that article. He calculated that the rates fixed would not leavo any profit for carriage.. Mr. Thorn re plied, that for tho present, the wool rate in ,question would be withdrawn. 'Whatever may be the iBsue of Mr. M'Iltvkaith's motion in the Legisla tive Assembly, popular sentiment was unmistakeably against it on Monday night in the School of Arts at Ipswich. The meeting was called by. advertisement to consider the present .political situa tion, the large hall was densely crowded, both sides of tbe subject were fairly con sidered, and a most emphatic verdict given in favour of a fair trial being afforded to the new Ministry, and against any interruption of public busiuess by an appeal to the country. These were the views embodied in one of the two resolutions, both of which were carried by overwhelming majorities. A decided attempt was made by Mr. J. M. Thompson, M.L.A., to carry an amendment on the first resolution sub mitted to the meeting. He would have had ibe meeting refrain from expressing any opinion on the present crisis. But the meeting was not of his, mind, and his amendment was rejected, whilst a resolution pledging^ theelectors not to .vote, in ease of a dissolution, for any who oppose the Government at the present crisis, was enthusiastically carried. la tbe course of the speeches there was an occasional manifestation of excited feeling, and some expressions of personal pique, and contempt for persons, which might not -perhaps be wondered at, but which mus^e regretted. The one serious flaw in the proceedings was the positive and determined refusal of the audience to hear Mr. VETTronEW. Up to the moment of his rising, the meeting had indulged in a good deal of noisy banter and boisterous humour, but there had been fair plcy. All the SDeakers had, after the exercise in some cases of a good deal of patience, re ceived a hearing ; but no hearing would the resentful meeting accord to the mem ber for Stanley. Aa Mr. Pettioiiew had been somewhat severely castigated, fairness required that he should be heard | in self-defence. The verdict of publici opinion was resolutely against him ; i and, iu the midst of the hubbub and clamour, the Mayor vacated the chair. All this may be simply the effervescence of local sentiment, trace able to the Thorn leaven, which has so long operated within . Ipswich society. Jut we are disposed to attribute it to a nanlie'r and nobler caused It is the lemonstrative outburst of an' instinct yhichi protests against 'the hasly and lrbitrary resolve -of - certain aspirants for office that no , elbow . room shall ibe given for the Ministry to try 'their powers. It is also the ex pression of a settled conviction thatno more honest or safe .Government can at present be formed. And; still further, it is a popular hint to some prominent members of the Opposition that the obstruction of public business on the paltry! grounds of personal, prejudices, or disappointment, is decidedly unac ceptable to the constituencies.' ' .. 'We are of opinion that, were all thei populous electorates to give public expression to their opinion, the result would J be the same. The colony would vote for a just and ?? candid 'treatment of the present Government. The reception given to some of Mr. Thomp son's sentiments ought to act . as a warning to the party which he repre sents. He had nothing to say against the policy of the Ministry except that the Premier is incapable of enunciating .it. He went further and admitted that the policy would have much claim to consideration could Mr. Thorn have expressed it as well as bnd been done , by Mr. Bashfobd ' at that meeting. He claimed not for his own party policy any superiority over that of their rivals, but strove strenu ously to show that it was not worse. He admitted frankly that Opposition was wholly of a personal kind, and at tempted to justify it by personal abuse of the Premier rather than by argu ment; So coarse were some of the personalities used thatthey even shocked ,Aldennan ArowLES. A cause, which standB upon no better basis than tin's is not very stable. Such tactics may be bold, but they are not magnanimous ; neithpr are they characterised by the courtesy of gentlemeD, nor the dignity of sUtesmen. When resorted to they I ?? ( '?:?'-,/, '????'? ... .? ?? . ?,.! 1 ' i ? are indicative of a weak causo, or a con scious poverty of ability to substantiate tho strength of tho cause by strength of argument. The country will bo wiso to distrust the..stratagoins of au interested party whoso opposition is not to measures but to men. As for tho Adullnuiites, if we may judge by the Ipswich demonstration, they, are in extremely ill odour. 'Whatever opinion may be held about the fituoss of the members of tho Ministry for their re spective offices, common fairness requires that they have an opportunity, for proving their capacity or incapacity. That is really the outcome of the Ipswich meeting last Monday night. And clamorous as some of the excited throng undoubtedly wore, wo are convinced that all will condemn tho too frequent indications of a dispo sition in certain quarters to degrade our Legislative Assembly to tho riotous level of those in somo of the southern colonies. A supplement to the Government Gazette containing comparative state ments of the Eevenue und Expenditure reached us at too late an hour yesterday to permit of our giving more than a mere abstract of its contents. The subject, though prover bially a dry one, is of vital moment in relation to the welfare of tho colony, and with our banking and commercial community, and financiers generally, it invariably is regarded with an unusual interest. The revenue returns are keenly criticised and earnestly debated. Our i pessimists of finance will now have ^cope for waging their accustomed periodic wordy war.' Not long since it was the the fashion of our great fiscal arbiters to be perpetually prognosticat ing a crash- or collapse that somehow never came. No matter how seductively financial progress might be reported, or what the state of our exchequer might be, every hue or aspect of our finances was invariably pronounced to be ominous, and a portent of ill. In noticing the comparative statement just to hand, we shall, for the sake of more clearness, confine our remarks in the first instance to the year's revenue alone.; The returns show a net revenue increase on the preceding year of up wards! of £122,000, or, to be precise, £121,530 17s. Id. From almost every article in the receipts from Customs, ale, oils, and ad valorem excepted, the increase is uniform throughout, and reaches a figure of £28,911 comprised underthe heads of spirits, wine, tobacco, tea, provisions,, sugar, and iron; the decrease being,. on ale, £3,S31 ; and on ad valorem, £5,571. As a sequence of the growth and expansion of the sugar interests amongst us, our receipts from this branch of revenue are com paratively trifling, the duty being more or less confined to importations or parcels of the refined article. We are not only supplying the -local market with Queensland 'sugar, but may reasonably anticipate a' considerable surplus for export and sale' in foreign markets. On the ad valorem duty there has-been a decrease for . the year of over £5,000, and the gradual extinction of this duty may be regarded with com placency. It is an objectionable form of taxation in all respects. The receipts from excise, which ineans,duty on colonial spirits, for the. year just closed,! show an increase , ot.; £1,027. This, it is true, is no.t a. material, in crease,' but considering that the net receipts from that source for the year have been upwards of £28,000, and that the interest from -which the diitv hna been derived oulv dates from a few years back, there is evident promise of elasticity and healthy expansion in this industry in the future. The laud revenue for the year shows, upou the whole, a satisfactory improvement, the increase on the financial year of 1875 being, .excluding lapd-orders. a sum of £30,300. The ordinary items receiv able under this head comprise sales of land by auction, by selection, by pre emption, mineral selections, homestead and cqnditional purchases, survey and transfer fees, and other minor receipts. During the year ending 30th June last, the sum. of £154,010 was re ceived from conditional and hompstead selectors, as against £130,581 iu the year preee'ding, ; being an increase of £14,429. The actual extent of agricul tural settlement which this itetnrepre-. sents can only be estimated by taking into accouDt:the very low rates at which land in the 'colony may be '.obtained. The proceeds from land sales by auction and selection ., purchasers '.under, -the original system, namely payment' of 20s. per acre in full at period of purchase, are necessarily diminishing .through the more favourable conditions of , the homestead clauses. 'For instance the decrease in the past year under the two heads named, are, on land sales, excluding land orders, upwards of £10,000, and selection purchases about £900. Nor do mineral selections exhibit any ap preciable increase, only x/bvo having been received in excess of the receipts for the preceding year. Five years ago, in 1871, the large sum of £80,646 was received under this head, the financial year just closed only produc ing the modest sum of £4,987. In the years 1872, 1873, and 1874, the respec tive sums of £45,990, £18,100, and £11,978 were received from mineral selectors. Our receipts now from the same source clearly indicate the entire subsidence of the mining mania then prevalent ; but mining pursuits are being steadily maintained in an active, healthy state. Our mineral lands are still rich and enormous in extent, and energetic practical men commanding moderate capital have a fruitful field for developing a large mineral industry. Two other classes of land revenue, which are gradually acquiring large proportions, are pre-emptive selections and pastoral rents. The first have produced during the year just expired the respectable sum of £33,920, or £20.824 in excess of 1875 ; and from Crown tenants, fqr pastoral rents and survey, a round sum o| pearly £143,000 was received, being an increase of £11,155 on the payments of the previous year. A steady increase iu pre-emption'B, may/ be anticipated. I Tho increaso in pastoral occupation affords irrefrngable proof that the large extent of country rosuuied for hoino stcad and conditional selectors iu no sense diminishes the1 revenue derivable from Crown tenants.; Even afurther increase from this BOiirco may be;reason. ably looked for as licenses -of 'unsiir veyed country happen to lap°e, and are replaced by leases at a more productive rent. The runs of the colony inow number upwards of four th9usand,%nd the number of sheep depastured ;fon these 'runs may be safely coniputed'at from eight to- nine millions ; \ and of horses arid horned ? stock — the first 120,000, and the second about-1,900,000, which is but allowing a small figuro in advance of the latest statistics available. Eeverting to the return of revenue for .the year, the gold receipts from miners! rights and business licenses are con siderably in excess of those received during the samo period of 1875,~owing, doubtless, to the influx of Mongolians to our Northern Eldorado, the increase in favour of the present year being £3,133. Oold duty is no longer a feature of these returns. - Iu the year 1872 that item alone yielded u'p wardB of £12,000 to the revenue, and were it now, as - then, a dutiable article, considering that the precious metal has been shipped by the ton from our northern fields alone, the duty would possibly amount to from £25,000 to £30,000. Postage re ceipts embrace a new item. under the head of Imperial and colonial contribu tions, being we presume the proportion parable by the southern colonies and the mother country towards the car i'':ge of our ocean mails via Torres Straits. The amount derived from this source appears to have been £4,677 within the financial year just concluded. : In stamp duty, elec tric telegraphs, and railways a' mani fest improvement in .comparison with the corresponding period of 1875 is observable, stamp duty producing for the year £40,936 as against £46,092, or an increase of £5,157 ; electric tele graphs an increase of £3,787, the year's receipts being £27,162, and those of the previous year but £23,375. Our wires now in operation extend over four thousand miles, and the numberof messagesaverage annually some 200,000. Eailways have yielded in fares and goods traflicfor:the past twelve months, £152,101, or £27,072 in excess of the receipts forl875- of which. £20,955 has been obtained by the Southern and Western and £6,117 by, the Northern line. The latter lino, so' far, cannot be deemed a profitable in vestment, inasmuch as the wbrking expenses, up to within a comparatively, recent period, were in excess of the earnings, leaving nothing for interest on loan, or for recouping in anyisense the cost of consumption. The advan tages, however, indirectly resulting to the colony in the promotion of settle ment, ns well as in the opening up of ; rich arable land in the interior, go far to counterbalance present loss.' Under the various heads of licenses, from which a net increase of £4,057 was derived, the principal item noticable is that from the spirit fees payable1 by publicans^ the annual revenue from which this year reached i) the' unprecedentedly ; large figure of' £22,501, which clearly demonstrates that Good Templarisin is' growingindolent, or somnolent, or per haps giving up i the ghost amongst us altogether. But it appears, if not a spiritual, we wero always a spirited people in 'Queensland, one way or an other, and mean to continue so to the end. The other items of revenue under the caption of fees and fines, exhibit ah inappreciable declension on the receipts of the previous year. ; but that under the bead of miscellaneous receipts, em bracing wharves, rent of powder maga zines, ferries, and sundry miscellaneous items, produced an increase of £10,356 bverithe returns of 1875; all the in creases united amounting, as previously stated, to £121,530 17s. Id. in excess of the receipts for the financial. year of 1875\. '. ???'.:? . ?,. ?... ?. ?The 'Weatheb. — At Drayton.it ib reported raining, ds also at St. George arid Eoina. At Mitcholl Dawns rain fell during thehight^and' raiii is threatening at Goondiwindi{and Ciiorle ville. Tho remaining Queonsland.Btations re port fine weather. Concert for the Petiue. Terrace Memo rial Cmrncu. — Tho concert to be given l-y the Original Brisbano Amateur Minstrels on Mon day next at tho Town Hall, in aid'of the funds .of tho Potrio Terrace Memorial Church,, pro mises to be a successful one,, judging by rehearsals;- iTho company .embraces '-'Somo ex cellent performers.' '',-'''?''? '? :''';'1'}'. ??{', ?'.^.'?V'r The UnIted Labourers' Protective Society.. — Thoro will bo a meeting of tho members of this Sooioty at the Trades' Hall' on i July '21st. Town and Country MissioN.^ThejBocondJ quarterly united prayer mqeting in connection I with tho above mission will be held thia ovon- -| ing-, in tho Albert-street Church. Tho mooting win be addressed by the Kevs. L-: if. - JUitohoU aid 'William Wilson. .. ~ .. , Brisbane ITkee Thought and Mutual 1st- I puo vement Association. — The firstannivorsary ; of this sooioty was celebrated 'on Monday evening lust, tho 17th instant,'in tho Tow a Hall. There was a very good attendance, con siderably over a hundred being presentj about a third of whom were ladies. Tho anniversary took tho form of a soiree, the catererboing Mr. Sloss, of Queen- street. The tea and etceteras having beon fully diBoussed, tho tables wore re moved at 8 o'clock, and the, real business. of tho evening commenced. Mr. : Gampbolli tho : first preaidont of the association, oconnied the ohair, and made a few appropriate remarks, after whioh the following programme was curried out:— Prologue, written expressly for the pccasion-by-Mr. Rus8eU.;-Bpeeoh--on-'K)nr-: Objects,' by Mr. Wiahart; song) 'A man's a- r man for a' that,' uy Mr. Andorson, jun., who, boing encored, sung an old, Jacobite song. A rocitation by Mr. Noill, ' Sho always mako homo happy ;' song, ' Tho old arm chair,' by Miss Anderson ; speech, on our progress, by Mr. Pettigrow, several! other songs and recitations suoeoeded each other, and Mr. Mitchell gave a spooch on 'the ' Press, in rolation to frpo thought.' The pro gramme was much curtailed, and a short speoch by tho chuirman, followed by a hearty vote of thanks to him, brought a very successful nnd pleasant meeting to a close at half-past ten. | ,\ ' ':?/?' : *-i J . .'?'?'??-'?'? A Accident. — An accident occurred last night 'a^i^eattieVwhg^firtnn^ely unattended with any^^ot^co^pqum^es^^^p of tho men erigflgfidjjoiivtlio.'.wharf 'issayfcd.to go on board tho Edina,^bnt instead ^qf going along the' passengers' gangway 'whiqh was properly lighted, ho must heeds clirrifr over a hurdle placed against tho main gangway for the pur poso of stopping the way, and . when attempt ing to get on ?; board the boat, foil into tho water. He was at once fished out, none the worse for the ducking. The Poor Blacks Again.—The Northern Argus, at July 12, says: — "Reports well authenticated have reached us that no sooner were the black police romoved from the Mac kenzie than the niggers began their old games of spearing cattle and robbing huts. Only last week a blackfellow and a gin entered a hut in an enclosed paddock, and because the occupant, a man living by himself in charge of the stock there, refused to part with his rations, cooly knocked him senseless with a nulla nulla, and helped themselves to all they wanted, and decamped. Such are the con sequences of the Government removing the black police force hitherto stationed on the Mackenzie; and we have not, unless we are strangely mistaken, heard the last of it yet. That there is only one law for these brutes is only too evident, and more than marsupials want clearing off. If the Government won't protect its people, why, the people must protect themselves, and we look upon the removal of the police as a hint to squatters to take the law into their own hands, a proceeding which our spurious philanthropists so piously depre- cate." Communication Between Rockhampton and tiie Inteiuor;— The Bulletin of Thursday last, July 13, says : — Information reached us yes terday that the tcams on the Western road were on the move, although very slow progress' was being made: In some parts of the route it is confidently asserted that travailing, excopt for vehicles and horses, cannot commence under three weeks or a month. Tho town is torribly dull, and business of every character is slack, owing to the impossibility of communicating by team with the interior. Our storekeepers andjlrapers— in fact, all those connected with retail business — are making ready for race week, as they expect a very great many of their country friends will pay Rockhampton more [than a. flying visit, and spend somo of their spare cash before they return home. We have this moment learnt that the Yaamba road is getting into good order; that there is no difficulty in crossing tho creek ; and that several mobs of cattle which have been stuck up are making their way towards their various destinations. . ' The Weather. — Tho reading of tho baro meter at the Obsorvatory, at Wickham Terrace Ht 9 o'clock this morning, was 29-897;'Wind W.';:. During the previous twentyrf our hours, the reading of tho thermometers (selfregister ing) gave highest in sh«do70-; and in the Bun 84'; the lowest in shade 52-;- and on' grass, 46-5 The rainfall during twenty-four Sours was nil. The velocity of wind, 150 miles. 