ENGLISH ODDS ÄND ENDS. ' I .-:-t> . . . ] IT is but a, week since I dispatched my last ' budget,' and London 'already shows a change.' All the Cabinet Ministers, and sundry minor politicians, satellites to these greater luminaries, have arrived in town to prepare for tho Parlia- mentary-season. Thousands havo quibtod tho sea-side for tho metropolis. What .Theodora Hook wrote of one watering-place seems jii9t now to be true of ¡ill " There's nothing so charmine; ns Brighton, "\Vc cry us wo'ro scampering down ; But wo look with still grenier delight on Tho dny when wo go bnck to town." Weak-chested invalids indeed aro mustering earlier than usual at Bournemouth, Torquay, and . other places to the south and south-west, where you may draw your air mild, but the season has become too dreary for average sea aiders. Even the commencement of the hunting season has not prevented tho desertion of many country-seats. Your thorough-going Nimrod can put up with ti good deal of rain ; but he is not amphibious, and the continuing " plague of rain and waters" has made large districts unlit for' anything but Batrachians. I did wrong to speak lightly of the subject in my last-this persevering down-pour is no joke. First, wo hud a cruel north-easter, with steady rain ; now we have warra south-westerly breezes, with ditter ditto. All the rivers of the fen counties have been more or less in flood for a fortnight. A short run into Yorkshire showed me not only the None, the Trent, the Ouse, the Aire, and the Don widened into lakes covering miles on miles of pasture-ground, but even such noteless streams as the Hull and the Idle swollen beyond all bounds, or in Shakspt-re's words "Ev'ry pelting (i.e. petty) river mudo so proud, That they have ovcr-horno their couliucuts." I was right gi nd to reach my destination high and dry on the well-drained eastern wolds. Even the Btreams that run off rapidly to the sea-such as the Teme, thc Exe, and the Wye are repeating their July pranks, aud Thames anglers weep over the selfishness of the Berkshire farmer who insists on dragging the meadows whence his stock have been flooded out Too well they know that though trout and porch will stick to the channel, yetf piltc and scale-fish too readily leave their (river) bed, like the carly worm, to get picked up. Altogether this second course of \- floods, within ono year, has been a ssrious affair. Luckily folks in England, though improvident against the less common plague of drought, take pretty good care to keep their permanent stores of produco beyond tho ordinary ilood-inark. They cannot afford, like tho farmers on thd Hawkesbury, to keep an open account with tba river-gods, and to balance subscriptions received and rents remitted against loss of produce by inundation. Apropos of subscriptions, J. "wonder how many sons will bc collected in France ior the beneht ol Bufferers by Hood in England '! Xtaless^John Bull is fully imbued with tho truth 4hat " it is moro blessed to give than to receive," he must wish at times that ho had left his neigh- bours to do their own insurance against ordinary risks. But tins by the way. Thc effect of our late deluge, with which I am at present con- cerned, is'tho partial refilling of western London. Pew thingB ¡ire more marvellous in tho wonderful microcosm ol .England than tho way in which . the capital seems to adapt itself to tho require- ments of till sorts of persons, excepting, per- haps, the humblest working class. Australians on a visit to England aro apt to complain of London ns a most expensive residence, suited only for men of large independent fortunes, or for successful professioual men who lu.ike their incomes there. This view, though very gener.il, is only relatively and partially true. . Our thriv- ing colonists, when they take a well-earned holiday, have no notion of doing things in worse style here than they did in Australia. They take handsome apartments in a iimt-class hotel-hire geed horses ¡iud a well-appointed carriage-rush . in cabs to every comer of Loudon with a noble disregard of time and space-strive pluckily to iee everything worth seeing aud hear everything worth hearing-and in thu course of these efforts Circulate the Queen's pictures with exemplary loyalty. Seen irom their point of view, London ia the dearest of places. But residents in the great metropolis who know how to make the »ost of a small fixed income can tell a very different story. To steady bachelors, quiet sp in- sten, or .married couplet) without children and without the heavier "'encumbrance" of showy sastes, London is a marvel of cheapness. Com- fortable lodgings, furnished or unfurnished, are easily obtainable at a moderate ligure, even in the best neighbourhoods. Tue actual cost of living is very small to people who entertain none but iiitinitite friends, and are not troubled about keeping up appearances. Coals and butch era' meat are thc two dear items, but with good man- agement a little of each goes very far, modern grates being formed for economy both of fuel aud eatables. Fish is abundaut, and costs little unless you adopt tho fashionable fallacy ,that what is dearest must be best. Wine and beer aro wonderfully cheapened within the last twenty years. Groceries of every kind, beginning with the indispensable tea and sugar, have so fallen in prico that one may be luxurious in their enjoy- ment without extravagance. Clothing for sen- sible men and for such women as can forego the dear delight of astonishing, and are content with what is convenient and becoming, has ceased to be costly. And to quit details, a visit to the Civil Service Co-operative Stores iu Long Acra will convince the candid inquirer how many of the comforts ¡ind elegancies of life are within.reach of the Loud oner whom the fashionable staudard of income would rato as a pauper. Socially, again, the multiplication of great fortunes is beginning to react in favour of those who neither are nor wihh to seem rich. Great wealth is so common that it ceases to ba a distinction, and th-i man who, like St. Patrick in the song, " is a gen- tleman, and comes of a dacent people," will.no w find fair play for his social gifts ; will bo accepted in the best society for what ho is, not what he lias. Add to these considerations the glorious freedom of public paikB and gardens, the vicinity . to great scientific and literary "centres, the easy and often gratuitous access to a hundred places of instruction or amuse munt, and it no longer appears strange that London, even in November, should present irresistible attractions to a yearly increasing multitude. The climate may be as odious as M. Taine would have it ; yet even this has its better side. The million fires take off tho chill of winter, besides promoting a continual «bange of air. A distinguished Scotch member, whom nothing but a feeble physique has excluded from the foremost rank of Bri tish statesmen, used to say, that a London fog waa as good as a great coat ! "Without going this length, I can under- stand that he found it contrast agreeably with the penetrating chill of a Scotch mist. The foreign trees and shrubs which now flourish iu Hyde Park, attest the mildness of the atmosphere. But I am not going in for a eulogy of London ; its very attractiveness intensifies its character as a grand yet awful phenomenon. Only I am amazed to find how easily I reconcile myself to living there, in spite of my love for the country. The Lord Mayor's dinner has been eaten, and the customary speeches made, so I must say u word as to thc prospects of the Ministry. On tho whole 1 think them good. With the . revenue flourishing, wages high, pauperism and crime decreasing, they must do something very absurd ero they can become unpopular. The Agricultural Holdings Bill, which they stuck to when they despaired of carrying the Merchant Shipping Act, h3S turned out a success, and strengthened them with the tenant farmers, without disgusting the landlords. Their weakest point is their naval administra- tion ; but so it has been with every Ministry for thirty years, and so it will continue to be as long aa the present constitution of tho Admiralty Board continues. What can be more absurd than the familiar spectacle of new " Lords " coming to the Chief Clerk to be coached in their duties? Tho impression, however, prevails that Mr. Ward Hunt is below the average of his pre- decessors in jadgment, if not ia ability ; an im pression which "IMM»# rar^Vi^inisty and in ju- ¡I dicious speech/ait ^\hx> iiegijùilrtig of the last l| session. Still, it-Vli'diild ÄIBSS bo reinem-» bered that for 'theV-nrtreilwensured circular \ (which, after all,' wàs^r&^arill-worded than, ill- j conceived) ho waR noTprimarily responsible. ' What ho did or left undone before issuing ib, wo . have yet to hear ; hut, ns an instruction dealiug ; with our foreign relations, it must in tho first i instance have emanated from the Foreign Office, ' and the official defence of ita substanco will fall to Lord Derby, who is generally regarded as a safe mau. H is reply to the deputation of Turkish bondholders has been much praised, ft will be a singular triumph of Mr. Gladstone's financial caution that, when thc subject comes to be dis- cussed in the House, he will be able to endorse Lord Derby's remarks with perfect consistency, haying himself in ISíír. strongly opposed Lord .1 almerston's plan of giving a guarantee, or quasi guarantee, for tho Turkish loan, tb un raising. Turkey was then popular ; but " the whirligig of lime brings about his revenges, and tho Sultau is n«w the best-abused man our of Christendom. 1 say out of Christendom advisedly, for within it he might have been favoured with a lotter from the Kev. Father Heury, whose epistle to Pore Hyacinthe has been so tellingly re-published by the Times. We fear Mr. Glrdstone, as contro- versialist, must have chuckled over that very remarkable flower of Ultramontane rhetoric ! There is a racy flavour of brimstouo about it worthy of the good old'times. When tho hero of Tours, tho preserver of Christendom, was in hot water with the ecclesiastics,. " a holy monk " (in guerdon doubtless of his sanctity) was indulged with " a blessed vision of Charles Martel, burning so all eternity in hell." This was strong ; but something must bc allowed for visions, and the holy man was possibly dyspeptic. Father Henry announces "tho flory doom" on his own au- thority. "I long," he tenderly sighs, -'for the day of judgment, when I shall see you aud your colleagues of the Spcranza cast into the flaming abyss, a prey to, eternal torments." Anglican controversy is bitter enough at times, Heaven knows, but nothing like this. In its bitterest form it rarely gets beyond a left-hauded wish that A. B. may live to seo the error of his ways. For the last two months, indeed, it has been unusually quiet. Tho memory of tho late Dr. Hook has bren honoured by men of every theo- logical complexion ; and I think the crusade against Rituuliem has abated somewhat of its ex- cessive violence. _ In fact, one cannot attend public woiship in various parts of Etiglaud without discovering that much which is hastily stigmatized as Ritualism is due, not to auy Romanizing tendencies on the part of tho clergy, but to the higher ojsthetical culture of their con- gregations. I pointed out in a former letter how much the taste for every branch of art has ad- vanced in England during tho last twenty years. Owing to this advance, a love for good music, for flowers- possibly even for incense, strange as it seems to my old-fashioned ideas-for architec- tural niceties, and for all that is beautiful in decoration has in numberless instances found its natural expression in our Church arrangements. The indulgence of these tendencies cannot be wholly safe, but moderate men are forced to seo that there is also danger in repressing thom. People who delight in ornate worship will resent the denial of what they feel to be innocent, especially if that denial be accompanied by harsh imputations. But enough of polemicals. Australians in England are full of anxiety to know who is to be Kir Charles Cowper's suc cesEor. There is a notion prevalent that the Hon. \V. Forster, now on his way to England on public business, carries in his pocket the " contingent remainder " of an office which it was well kuowu the lato occupant could not long hold, and that he will accordingly, in naval phrase, " make himself." I am not of tho initiated, aud can only venture to doubt. One thing, however, is quite clear to me -that it will not be easy to replace Sir Charles Cowper, at least as he was belove illness impaired his energies. Ho possessed immense working power, with a rare mastery of administrative de- tails. As a politician, ha sometimes showed in- firmity of purpose-a lack of the fortiter in re. ; but he was always the courteous gentlemau, aud in his intercourse aliko with friends and opponents never failed to exhibit the suaviter in modo which softens refusal and enhances the value of assent. His successor ought to be a man capable of direct- ing and assisting the inquiries of the humblest ; but he ought also to be able to bear his part with grace and dignity among men of thc highest "politi- cal and social standing. The colouies eau no longer complain that their wishes and interests receive scant measure of attention. The large'and really liberal views of our colonial Empire recently put forth by Mr. Forster, however it may please the Timex to damn them with faint praise^are those i held by Lord Carnarvon, and, what is of -mttro importance, generally held by tho people of Eug land. The'development of our colonies-healthy and vigorous as that development is to an unex- ampled degree-adds immensely to the strength as well as to the glory and ;wsiw/i of the mother country, and the burthens and responsibilities which it entails are but a small price to pay for so noble and precious a possession. To thc colonies, on the other hand, the maintenance of British connection is in like manner a source at once of dignity and security. No true British patriot will grumble at the cost of tho mighty work which England is permitted to carry ont through lier colonies for the benefit of tho human race, or will sow distrust by speculating on remote possibilities of future misunderstanding. No wise colonial statesman will 'deni with the Imperial Government in a tone of suspicious irritability, or indulge in a parade of jealous self-assertion when ther« is not the slightest danger of encroachment. Wo trust our new Agent- General, whoever he may be, will keep these great truths in mind. 1 cannot dismiss this subject without drawing attention to the perfect harmony of Euglah and Australian feeling with regard to the lamented death of Commodore'Goodenough. The event itself, like the kindred fate of the excellent Bishop Patti son, is one of those dispensations which ' must always seem mysterious to man's finite intel- ligence. One who Beemed specially fitted for a noble task is suddenly called away with his work unfinished ; and we forget that God doth not noeil Either man's work or his own gifts ; " that He can and will supply fitting instruments in His own good time for His own high purposes. But it ia well that human regrets, if unreasoning, should at least be jnst; that departed worth Bhould be followed by eympathetic sorrow and appropriate eulogy. In deploring the loss of Commodore Goodenough, the English and the colonial Press have tuned their regrets in one key ; have paid their tribute to the memory of a good man and gallant officer in the same sterling coin of respectful praise. I pass from colonial to foreign topics. The aspect of foreign affairs may be described as generally uncomfortable, without being directly alarming. French politics are as perplexing as ever. I don't pretend to understand them ; but 1 think amidst the general conservatism of France these are ¡¡dangerous symptoms of a growing understanding between the Napoleonists and a large section of the Republicans. The late Franco American banquet, and tho precious scheme ¡ broached thereat of an enlarged Colossus of Rhodes in a Transatlantic edition, one eau afford to laugh at. Looking at thc Yankee side of the affair, it is rather an abandonment of their stand- ing boast, " Alone I did it." It is a pity, however, that so many educated Americans should have forgotten that they were lauding France for con- duct which had England imitated during the late civil war, the South could never have been re-con- quered. Neither are Frenchmen particularly wise- with a tunnel under Dover Straits actually commenced !-to remind England after a long amnesty of tho wrong recorded in Cowpers lines " True, we have lost on Empire-let it pass ! True, wo may thank the perlidy of France, Who pluck'd that jewel out of England's crown." I do not however believe that there prevails .among Frenchman any actual estrangement from England, but there are certainly signs of a rapprochement between Franca and llus«a. And thia we need not regret, since, if not , nattering to,', our pride, it bude* well- for, tho -peace of Europe. Á eloso friendship between Russia and Germany would bo far more formidable. As it is, Prussia and Austria will take a duty off tho hands of England, of which she is fairly sick, lt is curious to seo how tho feeliugs with which we wont head- long into tho Crimean war havo died away under the chilling influence of Turkish repudiation. The " sideman " may now die ' and bo-ahem ! before I we shall risk a man or a sixponco for his sake. But his brother Emperors will take excellent eave that thc Czar doesn't get a dangerously largo slice of either real or personal effects. By way of a change, let me say something of public amusements/ Mr. and Mrs. German Reed have acquired a most useful ally in one Mr. Corney Grain, who plays and sings in an amu- singly conversational style. His solo performance of a fourth-part madrigal, in which "Thc festive beetle, homeward bound, forestalls tho early worm," is new in conception and perfect in execution. But the performance which coutiuues most in vogue is that of Messrs. Maskelyne and Cooke. They beat the spiritists hollow, doing all their stale tricks more perfectly, with now ones still more astonishing. Maskelyne soars up to the top of the hall. Ghosts appear and fade away like the Cheshire cat, whoso lingering grin adorns Alice's Wonder-land, and phosphorescent tam- bourines, banjoes, «fcc, float erratically through the air. A.t the beginning of the seance a tam- bourine is placed on a little table, in the midst of tho audience, and conducts itself most divertingly. At any joke on thc stage it raises i tself edgawiso and rings its little peal of bells iu sympathetic mirth. Sometimes it makes a dismal thrum sometimes beats distinct time to tho music, and behaves altogether like an intelligent spectator. But tho wonder of wonders is " Psycho," the automaton' calculator, card-conjuror, and whist player. Ho sits a-top of a small box, whore there is no possible space for concealing a human operator-N.B.-I examined and lifted tho whole affair myself-yet shows a perfect knowledge not only of what ho has to do but of all that goes on round him. This is the more wonderful, as ho is isolated by placing his box ona small glass cylinder-this agaiu standing in the middle of a wooden platform, which I turned up and thoroughly examined. The spiritualists are utterly non-plussed-thc last resource of one ol tluir weekly organs being to declare that Messrs, Maskelyne and Cooke aro "spirit-mediums of the highest order!" I verily believe that if ovei theso gentlemen transfer their exhibition tc America, they will spoil the " little game " ol spiritualism for ever. And now I have a " little game" 01 a different kind to introduce to Austra- lian renders. Has the Japaneso game of " Go bang" yet appeared in Sydney? If.not, let tin curious in games make a board like the father o all cniss-buards, at least sixteen squares cae! way-twenty-two, I believe, is the Japanesi number. On thia "Go-bang" is played by tw< players, with small counters of oppoäue colours black and white buttons do very well. Each put acountir down alternately-he who first get five together in a row, either direedy o obliquely (i. e. in thc direction eithe of thc Book's or the Bishop's move a Chess), wins tho game. This is doubtless only iii expansion of tho game known to the soho A boy as Tit, Tat, To, but thc combinations ave ver interesting-in fact, almost inexhaustible. It 1 a far better game than, draughts. If this is nc praise enough to attract learners, I may add thu it is becoming very fashionable. I must wind up in haste With a medley. Wii: ter is setting in as the floods subside. Etou in been specially troubled with water-the mastm have had it hot, the boarding-houses cold. Th trial of the Wainwrights, for the Whitcchajx murder, is in full swing, and the Old Bailey quit a fashionable lounge. Robert Browning's nc poem is out." 1 don't know about " light," but : is very badly off for sweetness. The Marquis i Lorne's maiden effort is at least melodiou Arthur Orton has been issuing (I don't sa writing) elegant epistolary libels from ' Darbniot prison. The last contains a Latin quotation. Oh '. Dr. Kenealy, D»v Kenealy. * * * 