Cije Wallaroo Cows. WALLAROO; WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 9. 1876. THE report we publish elsewhere of the meeting of subscribers to the Wallaroo Mines Beading Boom seems to be sag ? gestive to the people of Kadina, and also, to some who may not be personally interested. The facts of the case may be veiy briefly summed up. Some years ago the Proprietors of the Mines, who have intimated in a variety of ways their desire to care for the welfare of their employes, put up the shell of a building to be used as a reading room. " The liberality of their gift was unquestioned at the time, but there was a surmise made that, as they were well-known to be wealthy, they might have gone just a step further than they did, and at the cost of another £500, have made the B>eading Boom what it was but in name The result appears to abundantly justify the wisdom of the coarse pursued. The Proprietors wpre confident that mere interest would be taken in the institution if each man on the mines were allowed to put in his own particular brick or coigne. The proverbs in favor of such a course being pursued, were very numer ous. Tears ago, the people in ihe east were admonished to "work out their own salvation." We have often been told how jsome one helps those who help themselves. The story of Jupiter recom . mending a carter to put his own shoulder to the wheel, as well as pray to the gods, is as famiHjn*. as household words. Self Help has been almost immortalised by tiie author of the well-known book on the subject. And, the praises of self made men have been sung in all ages. Consequently, we hold that when the Proprietors of the Wallaroo Mines simply resolved to do not much more than " initiate their design for a Beading Boom on the Mines they acted prudently. The library contains more than a thousand volumes, and it is being rapidly added to. A very considerable consignment of books may be expected shortly. The Committee lias taken the course pursued by most Beading Societies in England, and is purchasing books from the celebrated library of Mudie, branches of which are to be found in many important towns. There are now about 600 subscribers to the Mine Institute, each of whom seems to feel a personal interest in its success. "When the members of the Education Council, the Inspector, and the Minister for the Department, visited the Institu tion, they decided that it was worthy of all praise. Mr Salom, one member of the Council went even a step further than this. " When I visit & place," ' said he, " I make a point of asking to see its Institute." " A1 most strange as the fact may appear, the successful carrying out of Institute business seems to rest very much upon one man in the community interested. He does not necessarily supply the sinews of war but he acquires these. In the case of the Wallaroo Mines Institute tre a.re not permitted to doubt that, had Hot a change in the management occurred j a few years ago, there would have been no Beading Boom. As the case stands the Committee has to claim for itself very great credit. What it has done has been unaided. Self help has been the principle. The Reading IKoom is not affiliated to the South Australian Insti tute, and not a cent of Government money has been touched. We do not imply by this that it is not desirable to accept the aid the Government offers, which simply means money on the one side and no service on the other, but we do say that there are a few thousand people living within a very small radius of the Wallaroo Mines Institute, who might meditate upon the example, there set, with profit. It is, we argue, not to the credit of Kadina that there should not be an Institute in the town. And the reason why there is not one appears to us to be perfectly clear. If one man possessing suffi< ient energy would take the matter in hand there would soon be an Institute. We are cognisant of the i fact that there is an Institute, now, but j it is unworthy of the name. Kadina is centrally situated, and will always be on the high road from the mineral district of Torke's Peninsula to the metropolis. There ought to be a spacious Beading Boom, in it. Of course, we understand, there is a time to build Beading Booms, and a time when the pockets of indi vvdua's are wisely buttoned up. There are persons at Kadina, who, two years ago, had mining scrip valued at several thousand pounds, but which is now a source of loss in the shape of calls. But this does not affect our argument. There is wealth enough in Kadina to build an Institute, and the sooner the work is set about the sooner will the residents lose the reproach, so constantly made, that there ought to be an Institute in the town. The cases at Wallaroo, Moonta, and the Moonta Mines are very different. The people at Wallaroo have managed to secure an Institute that, with class -rooms and librarian's cottage attached, may well be considered the pride of the dis trict. At any rate, when the members of the Educational Council were here, and the Ministerial party, they were astonished. They looked through the nucleus of the museum, thejr were delighted with the library, and they admired the hall with the magnificent piano contained therein. In respect to the matter we are alluding to, the people at Moonta have labored under a great disadvantage. They had a site of land given to them, for the erection of an Institute upon, and they built a very nice little hall upon it, but this has not been found sufficient. Probably, had they not the incubus of the present Institute, they would have found some tneanB of creating a fresh one. Of course, the gift to them of a site was a very liberal and handsome one, and the Cote mittee were only too glad to accept of it. but the fact remains that the building , is considered too small. When the members of the Educational Council were on the Peninsula, no one cared to shew it to j them. The Council, we are quite certain, recognises in the Institute for each town a very important means of continuing advanced education. The number of what we may call self educated men, who rise daily into high positions, is astound ing. Institutes and Beading Booms are the training grounds for these men. We therefore trust that the residents at Kadina, will take some steps to remove what is, admittedly, a reproach to their town. And the residents on the Moonta Mines may also take into consideration what has been done on the Wallaroo Mines. Two years ago, there was a prospect of a fine Institute being erected on the Mines. How that fair prospect was marred we need not discuss. It is sufficient to say that the custodian of the | funds then acquired would be only too ! happy to be sued for the moneys that he then received, but had, under a conviction of the duty he owed to his employers, to refund. We hope, at an early date, to see an Institute, worthy of the places, at the Moonta Mines and at K;idina. WE have received a letter from the Secretary to the Port Wallaroo Institute, in which he explains that the three lectures he intends to deliver shortly are on the subjects of "Color" "Spectrum Analysisin its application to terres trial bodies," and as "applied to the sun." The cost of the apparatus for illustrating these lectures has been £120, and, in order that the course may be coulinred, a small charge for attendance will be made. It is, to us, a question whether the Committee of the Institute might not take into its considera tion the advisability of encouraging the deliver}' of such lectures on b<ith scientific j and general subjects. The Secretary, we I understand, proposes to p*y for the use of tbe Hall in »be ordinary manner. The Com mittee should pot accept such money. It may be tendered, but acceptauce ought to be refused. In the lectures <he iptroduction of the electric light, so fearfully brilliant at the office of the Company iff London, will be brought into operation. Spectrum analysis is one of jt-he most wonderful discoveries of modern years. We append a bare des I cription of spectrum, and the analysis, as | taken from our Scientific Dictionary, The interesting nature of the lectures may be clearly perceived after perusing this. "SPECTRUM-If a beam of sunlight is ad mitted into a dark room through a hole in a shutter, and allowed to fall upon a prism of glass, the emergent beam will be decomposed, and the solar of prismatic spectrum, will be seen upon the wall or the white surface, placed to receive .it. At the bottom is red, and to this succeed orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, each gradually changing into the next. This experiment proves that common light is not homogeneous, but compounded of rays of various colours, which become seperated by reason of thf»ir different refrangibilities. The series of. col ours thus produced is called the solar spec trum. By mpans of a suitable contrivance, the coloured rgys obtained from a sunbeam may be again collected .into a beam of white light, if any of the colours of the spectrum be experimented on, it will be found that it cannot be decomposed, in other words, the original beam has been divided into homog eneous rays. SPECTBOM ANALT«IS. It has long been known that ilie solar spectrum fsce the last article! is marked bv transverse dark lines, of which some hundreds have been oounted. When the light of flame is trans mitted through a glass prism, the spectrum produced exhibit?, certain bright transverse lines whenever certain metallic substances are burnt in the flame. Experiment showed that the same subslance always produced the same kind of line and in the same part of the spectrum might, therefore, be regarded as s proof of the presence of the respective metals For example, if a small quantity of common salt (chloride of sodium^ he burnt, a bright yellow line appears in the spectrum in a particular position. It has been ascertained that a quantity of sodium, less than the three millionth part of a milligramme, can be easily detected in this way, and thus this is infinitely the most delicate test that can be applied to the detection of sodium. Again, if a lithium compared be projected in the flame, two sharply- defined lines at once make their ap pearance, one being of a weak 3*ellow, the other of the bright red. Thus a quantity of lithium^ less than the millionth part of a milligramme, msy be detected dy the eye. Another curious result of this new method of analysis has been the detection of new elementary substance, the existence of which bad not been previously imagined. It is by m«ans of spectrum analysis that chemists have discovered the three nietals, thallium, csesium, and rubidium." v " Walking Ghost" in our next issue. The Treasurer, with the President of the Marine Board, has been on a visit to Port Pirie.. There was a stiff breeze at Port Wallaroo, on '< Monday, and the spray washed over the jetty ! with almost every wave that came up. Northern Territory advices state that a crush ing of 48 tons of stone from the Bismarck Ex tended Union Claim has yielded 500 ounces of eold. Mr J. Robertson, of the Plains Station, Narra coorte, is building a mai sion on hie estate at a cost of £30,000. It will contain forty two rooms. The latest intelligence from London is to the effect that the wheat market is quiet, South Australian being worth 52s per quarter. Wallaroo Coppei is quoted at £89 per ton. The stuck of wheat accumulating at Edithburg and Stansbury, is said to be very large. Seven or .eight kefc-hes trade there, and also the GHenelg s.s., but the quantity does not materially diminish. The Southern Argus states that it is understood Mr Ramsay will be a candidate for the s°at vacated by Mr West-Ersfeine. Mr Stanton has been asked to come forward, but has declined. There has been a large and destructive fire ou Hawker's Bundaleer Bun. Fortunately, the wind being calm prevented as much damage being done as otherwise would have been1 the case. Tho Government has telegraphed to the Agent General instructions - to ascertain whether the Sank of £ng)and will inscribe South Australian stock on the same terms as those made by Sir Jul us Vogel for New Zealand. London telegrams brought news of a projected Royal marriage, which has since been denied. The Princess Beatrice is said to be engaged to Prince Louis of Battenburg The Puke of Edinburgh, it is said, will assume a naval com mand of two years' duration. Memorials appear in the Government Gazette, praying the Hundred of English, the District of Mount Bryan, that of Julia, of Apoinga, and the Hundred of Neales may be declared Babbit Dis tricts. A man named Tudor, admitted into the Ade laide Hospital last week, died from blood poison ing. His arm was frightfully swollen, and the gangrenous matter tiad entered his system. His general dose was half a gallon of colonial wine per diem, which did not tend to imprare matters. Arrangements, we are given to understand, are in progress for inviting the Victorian team of rricketers to pay a visit to the Peninsula during their stay in this colony. They arrived in the the Flinders s.s., on Thursday, and were cordially greeted. They played eighteen Ade'aide cricketers, and will, we presume, play a similar number chosen from Peninsula teams. On Sunday, Feb. 6, a youth named Pine had an immersion at Port Wallaroo. He was crossing on a plank to one of the vessels in Port, when there was a lurch, and into the water he went. Fortunately, he could swim, and being quite at home in the water, he made for one of the piles at the wharf, and was very soon again on terra firma. Some Blarm was caused in Eadina, on Sunday, Feb. 6, by a boy named Edgar Walters being reported missing. It appeared that he went out in a dray fr/)in Moonta to Kalkabury, and being tracked there, was found to be quite comfortable in the house of a settler. Hie adventure had nearly resulted in a search party being instituted. Intelligence of his safety being received rendered this needless. We are in receipt of the first number of the Port Pirie Gazette and Are»s News. It promises to be an interesting journal. The shipping news js an interesting item ' two steamers, four ketches, one barge, three schooners, one brigantine, two j barqueB, and three ships of over 1,000 tons each being either in the port or at the anchorage. Wheat, is Said to be not coming in very briskly, | the farmers preferring to stock it at Crystal Brook or the Government Dam, to be brought down by fail. One engine brought in forty truck*, laden with wheat the other day. Prices are given for best samples, at Port Pirie, 4s 2jd to 4s 3d ; Government Dam, 4s OJd to 4s Id; and Crystal Brook, 3s ll£d to 49. The Pacific Mail Company's new steamer Zealandia arrived in Melbourne, on Friday, the 4th inst., after a n»pid passage by the Cape of forty-six days. She brought newspapers of twenty-three days later date than those brought by the Mail. Russian troops had been massed on the Turkish frontier, but the latest telegraphic news lenders it probable that the solution of the Eastern difficulty will, on this occasion at least, be a peaceful one. The sick man has promised to amend his ways. The Moonta Champion Sailing Race, came off on Saturday, when Mr Johnston, of Wallaroo, sailing the Harriet, won easily. The following were the entries- Harriet (Johnston) ; Mary Jsne (Edwards); Teazer (Muzey); Saucy Kate (Woolman) ; Moonta (Munyard) The entrance money was £2 each. His Worship the Mayor officiated as judge, and Mr C. A. Moody as starter. Anniversary esrvices in connection with the Bible Christian Church Sunday School, on the Moonta Mines, took place on Sunday, Feb. 6, when a sermon was, preached in the morning by the Rev. R. EelJy, in tile afternoon by the Rev. J, Lloyd, and in the evening by tho Rev. O. Lake. The congregation was a large one in the evening. On Monday, the children took tea, after which there was a public meeting. ] We direct particular attention to the concert of sacred music to be given in the Port Wallaroo j Institute Hall, on Thursday evening. The pro gramme, rich in its array of some of the choicest j pieces of music extant, speaks for itself mere eloquently than we can speak for it. The concert is given by the members of the Choir of St. I Mary's Church. There is, doubtless, a great treat J in store for the lovers of music. The Intercolonial Cricket Match between eleven Victorian players and eighteen South Aus tralian, did not promise well for the Victorians. They were disposed of in the first innings for twenty-nine runs. On the first day the eighteen scored eighty-four runs with six wickets to go down. The eleven were entertained in the even ing at a banquet in the Town Hall, at which the Mayor presided. The result has been a fearful beating for the Melbourne men. The South Australians scored 150 in the first innings, and the Victorians only scored fifty-one in two innings. It is very rarely the case that such trying weather as that experienced last Sunday, occurs on the Peninsula. The thermometer stood at over 100 degrees, and every article of furniture in the houses was hot. In the evening there was a change of wind, and the inevitable dust Btorm. On Monday, there were clouds of dust at Wallaroo ' throughout the day, but, fortunately, in the even ing there was a slight fall of rain, and better weather. On Tuesday, slight showers fell, the wind was from the west, and persons could breathe again with comfort. The following are the definite appointments made by the Wesley an Conference, and confirmed on the ninth day of its Bittiug. The Rev. W. P. Wells, President of the Conference, is Honorary President of the Prince Alfred College; the Rev. S. Knight preacher at Pirie-Street; the Rev. T., Raston is a supernumary for Sent Town and Norwood; the Rev. A. Stubbs is at Mount Gambier; the Rev. T. Lloyd at Kapunda ; the Rev. B. H. Teague at the Broughton; the Rev. W. H. Robe at Belalie ; the Rev. S. F. Prior at Laura; the Revs. R. S. Casely and R. W. Camp bell at Moonta ; and the Rev. S. T. Withington at Kadina and Wallaroo. Rev.e W. L. Bints and A, Rigg are transferred to the Victorian and Tasmanian Conferences. We have been shewn by a gentleman, on the Wallaroo Mines, a most interesting collection of articles recently brought from New Caledonia. How many cracks on the head with waddies, apparently intended to indent the skull, a New Caledonian would endure we cannot say. but we are assured that a white man would prefer to take poison rather than receive one. But, perhaps the most interesting feature in the exhibition is the girdle, with a fall to it, worn by the ladies. That which is intended for high days and holidays, made, of native grass, is of the most tasteful and ornamental description. If such objects could be viewed in a Reading Room or Museum they would afford much interest to numbers of persons. The Kapunda Herald cannot refrain from blundering about the action taken respecting a public school at Wallaroo. It " presumes from the newspaper reports that the Wallaroo people did not make any actual offer of self-help until the President visited them, whereas the fair inference from what the President said was, that they would not even consider the claims of any locality, much lesB visit it, before it had expressly stated what it would do in this direction." The Wallaroo subscription of £500 has been available at any time during the past six months. It was collected with the idea of monopolising a share of the £3000 grant, passed by Parliament in 18*4. Subsequently to this our own strong representa tion was that the matter should remain in abey ' ance till the appointment of the Education Council. The wisdom of this course haB been demonstrated. Our readers will scarcely need to be reminded that the Moonta Agricultural, Horticultural, and Floricultural Society has a Show this day, at which there will be novel exhibits, and, we have reason to believe, a superb collection of florist's flowers, from the green-houses of some well-known growers. The exhibition is intended to demon strate that, on the Peninsula, fruit and flowers may be cultivated during the hottest months of summer. The show of cereals, considering the magnificent quality of the wheat grown, this year, on Green's Plains, ought to be very interesting. Three bush fires were observed from Kadina and Wallaroo, on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. One was on Adams' Plains, but this, we hear, wa9 not productive of serious injury. The worst was that in the direction of Kalkabury, the smoke froin which was wafted over the horizon for a very long distance. A consultation was held, both at K.idlna and on the mines, to determine whether a party should go and try to render assistance, but it was concluded that there was li t e prospect of such assistance being of avail. Mo eover, the exact locality of the fire was not known One thing was certain, and it was that in consequence of the wind being very light and variable, (lie fine occasionally travelled in one direction, and occasionally in another, whilst sometimes, it appeared to be almost stationary, Doublleas, bad the wind been brisk, circumstances would have been much worse than they are. As they are they are bad enough. Mrs Hinton seems to bare been especially unfortunate, the flames having passed through her paddock and done much injuiy. Also, those of the Messrs Heywood and Howlett were burnt. The camp of Mr Ohilman, of Wallaroo, contractor to the Local Board of Main Roads for clearing the Kalkabury track, was also burned, as was a portion of the paddock of Mr G-luyas. The origin of the fire is not known, but, that it should have occurred after the harvest had been secured, is a relief to the minds of many farmers who might have suf fered. At the conclusion of the Intercolonial Cricket Match, in Adelaide, a match was played between British borr: and Colonial playera. The Britishers won easily. 