GENERAL NEWS. Dr. Hamilton hasbeen appointedmedical officer at the "Wallaroo Casualty Hospital, in place of Dr. Sholl, deceased. ; Mr. James Cowan, miller, of Two Wells, niet with a serious accident oh Monday, Decem ber, 18, whilst driving to Dublin. The bolt con necting the fore carriage of his buggy gave way, and he was thrown violently to the ground. One of his legs was broken, and he was.severely shaken. ; The mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. D Bower,? M/P.), has received an intimation from the Government to the effect that the Engineer of Harbors aud Jet Dies has been instructed to proceed with the erection of the necessary ap proaches on either side of the Port Creek, for . the proposed ferry between the Port and the Peninsula There is now on view at the Town Hall Exchange Boom a large and handsome assort ment of Chinese and Japanese goods, imported by Mr. M. C. Davies. There are verandah blinds, chairs, baskets, elegant vases, some splendid silks, cabiiier.ware, jewellery, &c.;—all neatly arranged aud so placed as to be easily inspected. These goods are to be sold by Messrs. Solomon aiul Salom to- morrow and the following day, and as they comprise some articles especially useful in hot weather, we have no doubt there will be a large attendance of purchasers. : At the Supreme Court on Tuesday, December 19, the Primary Judge disposed of . several important matters. The demurrer an Ferrett v. Clark was upheld, and in Levi v. Ayers disallowed. In the matter in re the assigned estate of Phillip Levi & Co., on the petition of William Oyerbiiry & Co., His Honor decided that drafts drawn by a London branch on an Adelaide branch of the same firm are not bills of exchange, and that the incidents of re exchange do not attach to the documents. He therefore dismissed the appeal from the decision of the Commissioner of insolvency with costs. The court, after making two consent decrees in administration suits, adjourned. ; The residents of Yarrowie Iiave raised £100 towards the erection of a schoolliouse at that place, andthat amount has been forwarded to the Council of Education, who will probably soon call for tenders for the building. The squatters of the central districts ot Queensland are distracted about the marsupial plague, and Parliament has resolved upon re warding the destroyers of wallabies and paddy melons. AYehearthatthe Government intend to call for competitive designs for offices for the public works and lands titles departments,,wlucli it is proposed to erect on the recently purchased acre of land on the east side of Victoria- square. The sum paid for the land was £6,300. At the meeting of the Council of Edu cation on Monday; December 18, a list of pro motions of pupil teachers was presented. There were also 10 persons appointed pupil teachers, they having passed the necessary competitive .examination. The full list appears in our report of the meeting of the Council. At the Supreme Court on.*Monday, December 18, the case of Spargo v.the Willunga District Council, an action to. recover damages . for injuries caused to plaintiff's, land by the diversion , of a natural watercourse was-com menced. 'At the close of plaintiff's case'the court adjourned until the next- day, ' A private letter by the last English mail states that Mr. Alfred West,, of Bray, Ireland, . has saved two lives of the drowning crew.of the • , ship Leona, at great risk of life, as there was a very heavy sea on, and the tide running fast, .This gentleman is brother to Mr.,Frederick "West of this city. " ; The schooner Louise, , on her . way from" . Port Augusta, when off , the Wedge Island, was caught by the squall which- proved so disas-" trans' to the Postboy, on-Friday last! The, master anticipating the change!of wind, had made preparations for it, but notwithstanding every care, some damage was done both to the vessel and her cargo. , ! Mr.;Roberts, jun., the champion billiard player, will leave' Melbourne on- Wednesday by the Claud Hamilton, and is expected here" on Friday. His first match will take place at the Globe on Saturday, evening, when he will play Mr. Albert White, giving him 700 points out, of1,000." : . . "We understand the Edithburgb Cricket Association are endeavoring to make, arrange ments to procure a.visit from: the All-England Eleven .on their return to the colony .to play a . match on. tbe. Edithburgh. Oval. The intention" is to play the Eleven with a combined team, consisting of 11 of the South Australian Asso ciation and li of the local association. - : A deputation from Oakbank waited on : the-Council pf Education on Monday, December lB.and requested the council to adhere to their decision not to spend any more money on : the Balhannah school. The deputation gave a variety of reasons why the school should be situated at Oakbank. They also asked-the members of the council to visit the two places. This the council promised to do as soon as they possibly could. . Mr. S. V. Pizey brought into Adelaide on Monday, December 18, two boxes of silkworm cocoons "in the bush." The boxes measure a' out 18 x 12 inches, and 4 inches deep, and are lightly packed with flexible twigs. The. WJrms, when ready to spin, were placed amongst the twigs, and the boxes—which will be on View for a time in Messrs. Hackett's window, in Bundle-street—now contain between 200 and 300 cocoons each. Mr. Pizey's cocoons are very fine indeed, and are the produce from grain which was distributed two or three seasons ago by the Chamber of Manufactures. Our Clare correspondent says:—"A blackfellow called Policeman Charley, a fine looking fellow, now lies dying in the Broughton Creek. He has been ill some weeks, aud .is without any attendance or care, save that given when opportunity affords by the kind landlady of the Tacka Hotel, who at times sends him food, or he would starve. He was very anxious to get . to the hospital, in Adelaide, but no one troubles about him. A little black girl, about seven yearsoldiswith him. Surely, after.taking possession of their country, the aborigines should not be left to perish in a ditch as this poor fellow is doing." A dangerous accident occurred at Horphett Vale on Saturday evening. As Mn C. Myles, J J*., and one of his men, with Police-: trooper Deckert, were returning in ah express waggon, drawn by a young horse belonging to Mr. Deckert, and driven by him, the aniihal took-fright, and shying violently, locked the front wheels under the vehicle, which was thus capsized, and the occupants thrown out with some force. Mr. Deckert had one of his ankles dislocated. He was promptly removed to his house, and Dr. Maurau, who was sent for, set the limb. Mr. Myles was somewhat shaken,but not seriously injured, and his man escaped altogether unhurt. In order that the Commissioner of Public Works may be in possession of informa tion as to the actual position of the railway works which are now being prosecuted, he is furnished by the engineers in charge with daily returns, showing the number of men and horses employed, as well as the nature and quantity of the work done. These returns enable tbe Commissioner to see that things are proceeding as they should do. We are glad to hear that the number of new arrivals employed on these works is gradually becoming less. This we regard as a good sign, because we believe it means that the men are finding other work more congenial to their tastes. Mr. E. J. Wivell lias forwarded to us a novelty in dance music, which has been pro duced by a London firm to his order. It is a copy of Strauss's Imperial Quadrille. The novelty consists of the position of the dancer being shown in each bar of the music in the same way as the words are set down in a piece of music written for the voice. Directions are also given at the foot of each page for each figure. The idea is a good one, and will doubt less be useful to both instructor and pupil, more especially to the latter, as the "require ment of time will, by its aid, be rendered easier. The paper and printing are good, and on the title-page is a well-executed photograph of the publisher. An entertainment in connection frith tlic Adelaide Young Men's Society was given on Monday evening, December 18, in tlie Stow Cburcb Lecture Hall. The subject was " Ohrist mas Customs and Carols," with illustrative re marks and readings, by the "Rev. W. Rob/ Fletcher, M.A. There was a large attendance, it being the first entertainment of tha kind given by the society. The proceedings opened with the overture to " Zatnpa,'' played on the pianoforte hy Mr. Shakespeare, who also pre sided at the harmonium during the evening. Tho Rev. "VY. R. Fletcher then -spoke of the usages and customs of Christmas here, showing the contrast between our way of spouliag it and the way it was speutin --.he colder regions of Northern Europe. The choir then gave the first of the carols, to the air of " A-leste • Fideles." This was rendered with good ost'ecfc,aad was followed by " God rest you, merry gentle men," and "The Seven Joys of Mary." This was set to* a lively time, and was very nicely rendered. The next carol given, "The first Nowell," meaning literally " Something New," or "Good News," was a fine spirited air. and . was given in capital sty le. In the course of his remarks the rev. gentleman gave a recipe -for • an old Christmas pie, as made in the year 1769. It consisted of 2 bushels Hour. 20 lbs. butter, ■ 4 geese, 2 turkeys, 4 rabbits. wild ducks, 4 woodcocks, 6 snipes, 6 'partridges, 2 ox tongues, 2 cm- lews, 7 blackbirds, and d pigeons. The Christmas song, "Once again, O blessed time," having been giveu by -the- choir, all present joined in the well-known hymn, "Hark, the herald angels sing." Then followed one of ! •the gems of the evening, the Hymn for Christ-, 'mas Day." beautifully rendered by the choir. Another of the carols, " From far away," is also , specially deserving of mention; as was a. solo by Mrs. Harris, "Rejoice greatly, O Daughter of Zion," from Handel's •' Messiah." Mr. Price gave a reading from Hamlet as an illustration of the way in which Shakspeare introduced the subject of ghosts at Ghristmas. The choir' then gave the " Story of the Shepherd," and after a reading from Tennyson by Mr. Fletcher, the preceedings were closed by the singing of the National Anthem. Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Shakespeare, and tho choir, for the efficient way in which they had carried ait the programme. As is well known, the Crlenelg,Creek is the favorite resort of amateur boatmen and others, and as a rule their property is respected;. hut unfortunately there are exceptions to every rule, and this has recently beeu experienced by the owners of boats on the Glenelg- Creek. -Some unprincipled persons are in the habit of. using boats, sails, and all the rest ol the gear, to Jwhieh they have no right, for their own pleasure; and then, instead of leaving them as' found, as any man with a conscience would imagine was necessary, they leave a paddle in the mud, a rudder half-ivay down the river; and ' the sails in the scrub.- ■ It is bertaiuly-tiuie, as mentioned.before, that.a stronger police force . was stationed at Glenelg; Property, in spite of the absence of its owners, should bo. respected. The closing sbiree of the Litem i y 01 ob" wa? held in the Lecture Hall of the Baptist' Church, Flinders-street, on Monday evening, December ; 18." There was only'a fair attendance, aad the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LLJ5., president, occupied the chair,-' The programme consisted "of piano-' forte selections, readings, recitations, songs, scenes,!and. gliees. Songs we're' given by the Misses Thomas, Weller, and IS vprett, the latter lady having~to submit to au encore ;, also by Mr, Plummer. Amusing readings' were con tributed ;hy Messrs. C. Pi- ohil, llbatlftou, audi "W.; C. Hooperi Mr. J. M. Pearson recited in au excellent style "Over the Hill to the Pobr house," and Mr. A. H. Nealo' rendered Poo's " "Raven" in a masterly manne:;. Tlie glees sung by the company were of an .excellent character, and were greatly applauded. Twt»' scenes'; frbiii tho plays "Love" and." Heir-at-Law," in which Messrs. F. C-.'B.osher, C. 'A. 'Howard, .and.G-. Denness took part, caused much laughter and applause, ."ML OTA, Howard, B.A.M..!pre.iide-l at ;the. piano during the/eVouTTig in au able maimer. J - The Lynch Family of. Bellvmwers ap peared at Yacka on Friday, Deeomhcv 15, with great success, theInstitute beings-well filled— more especially the reserved seats—by a large and an enthusiastic audience. - I The Bebe Bonnet.—Fashionable customer : " But it makes me look so innocent." . Easliion able milliner: '' Oh, no! indeed madam! Any thing btit that." Fashionable customer: " Are yon sure, now ?" Fashionable milliner : " Quite sure, madam.>? Fashionable customer; " Then yon may send it me." 