AQUATICS, MELBOURNE REGATTA Committee-Dr. Morton, Messrs. Carter,' Duffy, Bow, Cook, Pollen, Dftvey, Youn&' Willau.Bolls, Batson, Beid, Bracken, Jinkw,. Lewis, F. Shew (bon. sec.), Hood/Pennefather, Glynn, White, ftlxin, Steele, TempU, Sadler, "E. Shew, Thompson, Ward, Coatee, Pickers gill, Hasten Sfoie, NiAolsfoon. trees.V Starters-Means. B. Bolls, G. Coates, and F. Easier. . Umpires-Mieasrs. A. Nichotsand H. A* Williams. Judges-MefSSM. EL CUrlil* T. J. Davej, and J. Beid. The annqal Udboome Begatifca too& pUoe on Satnrday last, on the Saltwater Riwsr aft Footscray, nnder rather adverse circum* stances. It most be almost a erne gua'non' to the compete success ol aquatic flpfatB that the weather shall, be tawtttans-ie.,1 it should be dry overhead, amftbewindrtuart not be so high as to tender the surface of ithe' water nppleasaiitand difficaittorowon. 'To rowing men,;,therisethermo* meter is a matter of bo nwyriirrnnim wtiit* ever, provided Hie handleoffhe ow^an ba kept dry, and tiw prpoeM of ftpttarfeggona tbrongh to advantage. IMHnin nuiirtllltma» be wanting, boat*racing in the ©oteiggers of the preeentday cannot be gtddJxThavS' been panMonwftti "jiemalltleA tocc**." Thopgh theJ^men wtphavewoivinereiy' inBtance-rtand vre hobe they hare-then .mi* remainathenppleasantTeflsctloalhat tha» ," catching' of p c>*b," or theboryin*ofaai otrinlumpy water,ataeritical parioftaerace, nay have caused such aoommotton inapietr that they wereafforwards mMtbletoUMfefenp* the ground jtost Mn the contrelempt. For these iwuions.the pwsenoe of a smootlr strong southerly J»ee» prevailed throughout the em^day, c*»sii}g quite " mow> ]wy 0n1we Jo^T parts ol the oooxse.' ?th^b^^siratoMlng^awirtt . . rtgA tat notbln^^w mSm*. curreithat we »w.or . SSe ^erJStomejv was px*s*nt ina a» launch, from wHdh iome ot the iwea irere seen. There /wap a n«o|>er n(4 , steamers plying about t*U> ooniw, vul though they added nmch ft the general #*. aitemenV their absenoe woauTpav® beep* matter lor congratulation nrthaj thanreoet. wowdbe to aid in keeping the o6ursecl«ir, but they signally failed to the oapw m ifh* steamer Hope, which went across r ana completely spoiled fin!) .regatta is to takeplaoeagain on theSalt* w%ter ilver, there shw&J;* fw* t«nw* «tanding between the owners or steaipDora plying for hire abd the' police depenn«nt» fi the nnisanoe of Saturday last^ in -aws, and have a regatta extenaingoVer an indtfifiite period. Itoo nunta exlM$ .steamers, too, tugs, & o., peering la and oat all the day was something unprece Santed. causing much delay and ineon SSiwMta&e; starting of the, race* That is a matter, however, for which there appears to be no remedy at the hands Of the Begatta Committee. The course m> from the first black dolphin below 4he sugarworka to the Begatta-reserve, opposite the Ship Inn, except for the eight oars, when the starting-point vu the white Aolphin below Stony Creek. We had almost forgotten to mention that ft reserve, as usual, was fenced in close to the winning-post for the convenience of sub scribers and those who chose to be wy select and pay for admission. A band of music was there for the delectation ofjthose Who patrionised the reserve. The Bteamer Eclipse followed each race, <rovenng the umpires and committee, and afforded.ample opportunities of seeing the various, comtests. She drawbacks of the day were considerably alleviated on the umpire s boat by the hospi tality of a lady, whose forethought and fcindneBfl were much, appreciated. The .Starting Was eflaciently performed by Meters. B. Bolls, Coatee, and Easier; Messrs. H. A. Williams and A. Nichols gave entire satisfac tion as umpires, and the post of judge was .filled in turns by Messrs. Reid, Carlile, ana The first race of the day was advertised to ,Start at 11. but owing to an unusually heavy : Shower which fell previously, neither the Eclipse with the umpires nor the competing .crews were at the starting point at the hour named. On arriving there, the starter on .duty, Mr. B. Bolls, was found at rns poet, liaving just laid the buoys from which the 'boats are now started. When the start for the first race was effected it Was just 40 -minutes behind the hour given in the official Programme. As the Warehousemen were not even then in right, the other four were Sent away. The Ballarat City, after their >xecent performance on fee Barwon, were a «ood deal fancied, but they could never emerge bom the ruck. The Ztngari rowed better 'than was expected, considering, the short practice they had had in an outrigger. The Barwon coxswain was, clearly, not up to the Kculiarities of the course, or he would nw ,ve kept his crew in the roughest and -Strongest part of the current. The winners ; appeared to row coolly throughout the race, Sad with something in hand. The Blaiden Sculls turned oat an easy thing for JTuckett, none of his opponents having any phow against Mm. Upward finished fairly ?rell after his exhibition of steering at the outset, while the rough water seemed to .completely floor the "City " man. The row ing of the others calls for ho comment, ex ' cepting, perhaps, that of Lang, who finished third. The Bar won coxswain quite retrieved Jiimself in the Junior Four, for no boat could be Steered better. Once past the sugar works, and there was not a shadow of a doubt about the result. Umphelby took it all out of his den in the first quarter of a mile; but the ' University were in it to the Junction, but not After. The Yarra could never get near the front, and the Ballarat would not leave the tail end. The Challenge Sculls proved aim rJ>ly a gift to Christie, there being no one to ? even make him extend himself at the end of half a mile. James Cazaly and Carter must \-- Anting the last 12 .months-a fact which wul partially account ior John Cacaly's position at the finish. The Junior Eight, the first event of the kind we liave had, went rather easily to the Melbourne . crew, who certainly had most dash about them. The Warehousemen and Civil Service arere a capital match, and rowed an exciting xaoe for second place, buttho "City"were again " nowhere. The Williamstown men lad little difficulty in appropriating fee "Maiden Pair, though O'Hea and Biohards jpulled better than was generally expected. "KThiB Yarra Yarra managed to secure a place, !mt the Banks got away badly, and could aever get within " cooey" of fee leaders. The .Challenge Pair proved an easy thing for "Young and Knipe, acme of the others laving a ghost of a chance against them. Bell and Eddington were fouled -jby one of fee Albert pair; but their .cnanoe of winning could hardly be said 4ohave been jeopardised thereby. The race i^or second place between fee Zingaitf end ^Needham and Newenham was well con gested. And now we axe come to fee moat and indeed only sensational race of the day cthe Maiden Four. It will be only neneeoary to refer here to one or two incidents in this T&oe.; which is more fully described elsewhere. .After fee Albert-park's victory at the Bar Iron BegattaiUurt week, and in consequence HDf fee being favouraMy impressed, .from fee physique and style of the new, 'Wife their chances of winning fee Maiden Four, they became hot favourites for feat race, Tbey were, however, absolutely last -after a quarter of a mile had been rowed. .Saving defeated fee Williamstown very '«ssily m the trial heat rowed on Wednesday last, it was only rational to suppose that they srould have done the same thing on Satur -day, instead of which the Parkites rowed in 'last. It has since been broadly staled feat .ftome of the Albert-park crew were seen in .dose oonfab with certain members of the Mting ring l»th on the day before and on 'Hie morning of fee raoe; and it is well <jknown that feeTurf crew stood to win a -good amount had they themselves pulled off the Maiden Four. To Bay the least of it, fee whole affair looks suspicious, and .needs some clearing up. Whether or not the action of fee person in charge of fee ateamer Hope at fee finish of fee same <SMfe Is also to be characterised as "sua ?Vidoua," or merely as aoddental, Is a matter 'Which will no dpnbt be duly inquired into, it is mndi to be deplored feat fee evil in tfluenoe of fee betting fraternity seems to save at last extended to aquatic circlee, in which it laid not previously ahown itself. Hfce Regatta Committee have nowa remedy In their own hands, and it is to behopea they wifi useit/In fee raoe itself, the Tarf dew palled a dectdeduftaiae race, and bo -did fee University, though neither oould -ever get quite op to the Footscray. The Warehousemen were steered in the full locoe of fee eonent fee wKole way, and mast therefore have been some lengths to .fee bad at fee finish. This Williamstown did not ivpear to rfcoover fee ocdlision wife the lighter at fee Sugarwotks wharf. The Challenge Eight Oar-aWaa Footecray Plate turned out HLwas expected, an easyvlotory for fed Melbourne Club in feelr new Sifter. She Civil Service tried hard to catch them, knt it was labour in vain, The ,v(aty" were, lor fee fourth time during fee day, again completely overmatohed; they have not acored aVrfn at fee regatta this time. The Junior ScuUe were amply walked away Wife 6 Watson, none of his opponents being able make any show against him. Beauohamp was second, and won fee prise given by Messrs. Bennett and Holloway. Steele ooola only get a bad felrd, Campbell being a long eray behind him again. Lang was late 12 leaching fee starting plaoe, andwaited for a considerable timeafter the buoys had been taken up and fee starter had gone home, In tin Irope of bring started for fee taoe whioh ItHfl been already won by Wataoa* Thlsoon eluded the day** sport. Fall particalftrs of the racing an subjoined OBAND GOALLENaE CUP. , Civil BeTvloe Club.-Station J-P. L Carter (stroke), -^^isapss^ss&sr.;» 'Wftafei'siaraaiSMS ton,lOst. 101b.: R. Wbltehsftd(oox.) .. 2 Banron Club.-Station 5-J. Johnstone (stroke), lOst. 71b.; B. Klcholls, list. 61b.; 3. M. Simeon, Xl*t.; H. Upton. M, 121b.; F. Bh«« (oox.) .. .,8 Ballarat City Club.-Station 2-A. CHbbs (stroke), llet.; W. Crampton, list'. 181b.; J. Fltarerald, list 101b.; A.& Brown, 10st6ib.: - MUlerfooK) 0 Warehousemen's Club.-Station 4-D. 1L L Cook (stroke), lOst 61b.; W. Ewlng, list 8lb; J. Arthur, list. Mb.; 0. Johnston, lQst 6lb; f. Edwards (cox ).. ... «. .. .. .. 0 The Warehousemen did not a tart. The Zingari were first to show in front, but were soon replaced by the Barwon, who led past the sngarworks, the Zingari second, Civil Service next, and Marat City folly two lengths behind the third boat. Up the reach to the red dolphin, as the Barwon were steered unnecessarily wide and into the full force of the current, the Civil Service took the lead, and the Zingari, spurting, looked dangerous for a moment, bat fell away again. Passing the Junction the Civil Service still led. the Zingari seoond, Barwon, steering wide, third, Ballarat having dropped considerably to the rear. No farther change took place, the Civil Service winning comfortably by a length and a half. Time, 8m. 45s. MAIDEN SCULLS. Banks Club.-Station 4-W. H. Tackett, list. 121b ..1 Corio Bay dab.-Station 1-G Upward, ii«t. <ih 2 University Club.-Station 7-J. ting. I8at. 81b. .. 8 Ballarat City Club,-Station 8-H. J. Summer. scales, 8st " .. _ _ 0 Footecray Olab.-Station 2-C. Stanlake, list. 61b. 0 WUliamstown Olab.-Station 6-It. 8. Glynn, list 0 Albert Club.-Station 6-E. P. Mewenham, Sat 0 Glynn's boat got swamped on his way to the scratch, ana he consequently did not start Snmmerscales was the first away, bat was almost immediately deprived o< the lead by Lang, Tackett nelt, who was first at the sngarworks, and Newenham third. The steering of all, save Tackett, now became so erratic^ that any further description of the race within bounds is impossible. Tackett assumed a strong lead up to the red dolphin, and increased it as he liked all the way, winning hands down. Time, 10m. 51a, JUNIOB FOUR. Berwon dub.-Station 1-J. Johnston (stroke), MM. 71b.; K. Hicbolls, list. 61b.; J. M. list; H. Upton, fist 121b.; F. Shea (cox.) .. 1 University Club.-Station 4-A. 3. B. LeweHin (stroke), lOst 61b.; W. Barker, 12st ilk; W. P. Forlonge, list 81b.; F. Shew, 10st;B. Whitehead (cox.) " .. .. 2 Melbourne Club.-Station 3-C. Umphelby (stroke), lOstSlb.; D. Duncan, lift. 121b.; H. Ryan, list; A. Tunbrldire, Set. 101b ; F. Edwards (oox.) 8 Tana Tana Club.-Station 2-P. J. Steele (stroke), lOst filb.: A. rime, list; A. Beenie. lCBt 71b.; P. CPNeilVlOst; 8. Jessup (oox.) 0 Ballarat Club.-Station 5-K. Sharp (stroke), lOst lOlh.; J. T. Pettett, list. 51b.; 0. P. BennetLlOBt 71b.; B. Oxlade, 10et lib.; J. Stntton (oox.) .. 0 The Melbourne were first to assume the lead, which they held to the sngarworks; the University then passed the Melbourne and led to the red dolphin, with the Barwon second and close to the leaders. From that point to the Junction these two rowed almost oar and oar till No. 2 of the University caught a crab. From the Junction home the Barwon, who wen splendidly steered through out the race, held the lead comfortably, and won in good style by two lengths. The Bal larat were oat of it from the start Time. 9m. 28a. CHALLENGE SCULLS (AUSTRALASIAN CUP). I Zingari Club.-Station 2-J.M. Christie, list. 71b. 1 Warehousemen's Club.-Station 8-John Cazaly, KM. 61b... .. 2 \- Zingari Club.-Station l-James naiaiy.n* 10lb. 0 Civil Service Club.-Station 4-P. LOarter, list.) 8lb. '.. M . .. M .. ,a ..0 There was a splendid start for this race. On passing the Eclipee, which lay a little way in front Outer had a slight lead, the other three almost level. Chnstie, however soon went to the front, and when he had once settled down to his work the remainder were ?imply "not In it," for as soon as he got into the smooth water he went away as if the others were lying at anchor, and romped home the easiest of winners, with any ais* tanoe to spar*. Carter and James Cazaly save up the chase at the Junction, and allowed John CaaJy to secure second place. Time, 9m. 17s. ? , . JUITIOB EIGHT. Melbourne Clob.-Stadon 8-J. Booth (stroke), Jltt-; D. Dunoan, list 121b.; H. Byan, list.; G. Knipe. ust 21b.: W. H. Tucket^ list 1Mb.; J. L. Irvine, list: C. Umpbeiby, lOst 21b.; A. Ton brftoi, est. 101b.; fc. Whitehead (oox.) .. ..1 Warehousemen's Club.-Station 4-D. It I. Cook (fttroke), lOatttbj V. Xwltag.llst Slh.; a John «».J&t; gtk; W. d fim, 12st;a Jenvey, JOet. Bib.; F. Beasdim^ lost 81b.; H. Pullen, CSyU Btmee C8ub.-StatU« 2-F. 0. Duffy (stroke), Mb.; w. »ewhim,Utot «b.: A. Davis, lOst * w. ; T. V. Footer list JT-Smut, list Slbt; H, Loogdee, lOst 61b ;Oajues(oox.) BaJlarat CHQr <nub.-«»tioa 1-J. Clarke (stroke), »«tj 1.Bonn, I0»t 71b. . W. Bennett. Wt Sib; S W' Tatham, ^eJe^the tottoifeow^tn Warehoneemen and Civil Servioe about level Mtweenthe other twa The Melbourne oon tinned to increase their lead, and at the **n*eooHitagthahead of the after dean ont of tiuirat TheleadSg eight held on the even tenor of its cootie, passed the Junction a length or more to the good and won easily, therebeing a dose race for seoond plaoe between the Ware housemen and Civil Service, ending in favour ofthe former by less than a length. Time, 12m, 36s. MAXDKN PAJB, WiUlattStown CD ob.-Station 1-W. U. Dal ton jtfaroke). list ilb.;a Taylor, 10st21b.;J. Clarke 8~*- 0*Hea (stroke)! 1 lOst 101b.; V. Biohards, lOst B» Baynes Yarra yarra* Club-Station 6-P. 3.8teele (atroke)! lOst Mb.; B. H. - Angus, Wst Sib. { f. Kdmudi (OOX.) .. . .. .. .. Footioray Club.-Station 8-It Iangwll] (stroke), lOst 41b.; C Batson, Qst 121b.7D7l)unoan (oox!) Banks Club.-Station 4-3. H. Atktnsoa (stroke), lOst 71b.; J.Eiug,8st l<Hb.;-She]>pard(00k.),. 0 The Banks lost several lengths at the ?tart owing probably to not having heatd the .tartere dgnal to go. The Yarra Yarra were the first tolead, with Melbourne second, the Williams town, buBy crab-fishing, being next < In order. After passing the sngarworks, the Melbourne pair assumed the lew, which thej held a good way, and then resigned it to the Williamstown, who held it to tne finish, and won easily. Time, 10m. 21s. THK CHALLKNOI PAIB. Melbourne dub-Station 1-T. H. Young (stroke), _ list 101b.;fi. Knlpe,list 21b. .. .. Z 1 Albert Club.-Station (-V. W. Needham (stroke), _ lj^Uh;Jt.P.NewsnhaBit8»t81b. - " 2 I JgDgaH W. Bell (stroke), 18i^; J. iUdlnxton,10st 101b. .. .. ., 8 WhM»b(mtWri^lu^bMnr»wediths Mrtbdnme Wd & bad of two lengths: the No. 4 Albert indad Bell and BiMingfAn b«. fore reaching the .sugarworks, and the Uni. versityhad already tailed ofL Tonne and Knto Increased their lead at a tremendous rakatong by the Sandridge side, till at the red dolphin titer mut have heli a lead of eight or ten lengths, passing the Junction a long war ahead, and winning with the greatest easa> Albert No. 5, who steered through aU the current and rough water, second. Time, 10m. 20s. MAIDES FOUB. Warehousemen's Club. - Station B - 0. Jenvev 61b.; W. a Bay, 12gt,; H. Pollen, 10*. 61k; P. oWe, JtotT W; F. Bdmria (OOX.J M «i (. lt ( q Unlrsntar Club.-Station 2-A. J. a. Uemllia (StrokedX0»t«b.; W. Barker, 15^41bTw/P U«t. 81b.; F. She*, lOgt.; i. fori Turf qiub.-!station 1-H-' Ooldsplck (stroke). lOst . 8 J. Thompson, 12st; S. Griuwood, list; H. Allen, lOrtT; T. D. Brown(cox.) ,, .. . o Willtametown Club.-Station 4 - B. H. Stone (stroke), fet. 81b : J. KUgour, list. 101b.: J. Bnrmiaton, list. 81b,; O. Clark, Sat. 61b. ; J Hansen (oox.)1 .. .. o Albert-park Club.-Station 6-W. H. tt«u (atrokelL Hit 61b.; M. Beardon, 18st 71b.; iTrEraoketi! lOst 61b; B. Buchanan, Oat. 81b.: P. Buchanan (OOX.) .. .. .. _ The Warehousemen were the first to lead, but had resigned to the Albert-park on p»«ri.»B the sugarworks. The Footscray, TurfTand University on the other side, and in the order named, were serving it up VBry warm for each other; while the Williamitown were very materially interfered with fcy a steamtug and lighter, which stood right in their course, and which were at the time going the sugarworks wharf. Passing into the straight reach, the Footscray led the Turf and University, who were both sticking to their work in the most determined ftujiyon. The Warehousemen, execrably steered in the middle and strongest part of the current, and the Williamstown- had loth panned the Albert-parks, who were no* whipping in the lot A most exciting race then ensued, the past the Junction, WVL U(uver. sity in close attendance^ the Warehousemen still ont in the full force of the current, on nearly equal terms with the latter crews. Just before the winning poit was reached, the steamer Hope got ilmost straight across the river; the Footscray were thus compelled to row Into the water of the Turf crew, a foul being the result, and gained the winning post first after a splendidly .con* tested race, the Warehousemen a good second, and Turf a dose third. Time, 9m. 40s. CHALLENGE SHOHT-OAB (FOOTSCRAY PLATE). Melbourne Club.-Station X-J. Stout (stroke), 10at. 1Mb.; T. H. Young, lOst 101b.; J. Raleigh. 12st. ?!Si? U"t" <^*8, YonnS. wt 121b.; J. L. Irrine, list.; J. Booth, list.: B. Ward, lOst. 101b.; F. Edwwds fcox ) .. " i Civil Service Club,-Station2-P.L Carter (stroke), list. 81b.; J. Forrester, 12st 81k; J. Cullen. list. 81b.; H. C. Crofts, Uat 41b.; D. J. M'lntosh, list. ^F. Smart list 81b.: O. Trekett, lOst 101b.; A. D, Michle, lOst. 21b.; R. Bayies(cox^).. _ 2 Ballarat City Club.-Station 8-X. Gibbs (stroke), Hat; W. Crampton, list I2ll>.; J. Fitzgerald, list. 101b.; A. & Brown, lOst 81b : J. Perrie, Wst 121b.; J. Hewlte, 10ut 91V; J. Clarke, 9st; W. Deeble, 10st>; - Miller (cox.) 8 The Melbourne led from the start, aad had two lengths to the good at the sugarworks, the Ballarat being second, leading the Civil Service. Up the reach to the red dolphin the Melbourne and Ballarat woe badly steered, while the Service were takes well in towards The latter passed the ''City," but could nevSFfeet near the Mel. bourne, who, on passing the junction, led by several lengths, and won with ease py three lengths. Time, 11m. 60s. " JTJNIOB SCULLS. Banks Club.-Station 6-W. Watson, lOtf. 101b. .. 1 Warehousemen's Club.-Station 1-F. w«m«h.mP| 100k 8)h. .. «t .. .. 2 Sam Yarra Club.-Station 6-P. J. Steele, lOst. .. «. .. " (l a 8 University Club.-Station 2-J. Lang, I8st. 01b. _ 0 Footscray Club.-Station 4-J. Campbell, list. 41b. 0 I ZlngarL-Station 2-J. M. ObrisUs, list 71k ..dr. , The University man not having been down in time, Mr. Coatee started the remaining competitors. Watson went at once to the front, and on passing the Junction must have oeen 10 or 12 lengths ahead of Beau champ, who was about the same dinhui«> in front of Steele, the Footscray man being completely outpaced. Watson went in the easiest of winners, followed at very respect ful distances by both Beauchamp, who getB second prize, and Steele a poor third. This Nought the day's racing to a dose. The committee met on Monday evening at the Freemason's Hotel to consider the pro* tests connected with Saturday's racing. There was a lams attendance, and Mr. J.H. Hood was voted to . the chair. The protest by Messrs. Bell and Eddington for having been fouled in the race lor the Challenge Pair was first considered, and after hearing the evidence tendered, the committee decided that the race should be rowed over again on . Wednesday evening, at 4 o'clock. Thepair who caused the foul were disqualified. A great deal of evidence was then taken in reference to the fouls , in the Maiden Gig Race, and after a careful consideration of the same, and upon hearing the^ umpire's version of the matter, the committee determined that the race should be rowed over again, and that the race of 8aturday be null and void. The other protests were dismissed. above resolution, the Challenge Pair and Maiden Fonr-oared Gig Raoes were vowed off on Wednesday over the oourse at Footscray. Then were three frs*® 1. '°r?l?r*eiB8r8' Young and Knipa. Bell and Eddington, and Newenham andNecdh»m. Bell andSddington led for aehortSstaice, and thwi Yi^ii d &iS; passed thraa, and won easily the whole way, ttolahinp irith at least ZO lengths to spue. The ^Jpertti wexe^ last. Thaltof Bowing Gub did not start intfce iUd«nOigBi^ contested thronghoot and" Warehousemen led j'^btly to the red dotohia, from which point the Footscray assumed the lead, and though closely pressed^ towards the junction bvthe University ontte one jrida and the Albert, park on the other, they held their own to the end, and won by two lengthy Albert-park second, the University beating the Ware housemen by a foot for third place. The naving rowed with a substitute anentof the committee., were dis qualified, and the second and third places awarMtoe University and Warehousemen Tftie jommittee mat in the evening at the Freemasons Hotel, when the reports of the lodges were read. It was decided that the ^on L^egatta should be dis tributed on the 29th inBt, at a dinner, the arrangements for which were entrusted to Messrs. B. Bolls and SteeleT^ Ai^SET-pabk Rowino CLUB.-We are glad to observe ttatthe oommittee of this dub have appointed some of their number to in 8aire into the_ oonduct of their representa* Ives In the Maiden Oig Kaoe at the late regatu, and Oat all persons who can throw light on _the matter are reqaeetad to appear MEoce committee, 