LITERATURE. ? ?♦ ? Mvtus and Songs from the South Pacific. By the Rev. 'William Wyatt Gill. With a Preface by F. Max Miiller. (H. S. King and Co.) iFuLL of strange stories and myi-tic songs, and fortified by the strong recommendation of Professor Max Miiller, Mr. Gill's collection of M _gaian legends cannot fail to be favourably received. Coming,, as it does, from one of the chief fields of missionary enterprise, and being put forth by an employe of the London Missionary Society, it will pro feably have the good f rtune to interest a large class of readers to which popnlar tales do not easily find' access. At the same time it wiil certainly be waimly welcomed by uie limited circle of students of comparative mythology. For it appears to be the genuine and . honest result of long years of patient research, to con 1 tain a trustworthy account of what can rarely be found or described, the religious teaching of an expiring- heathenism. So many missionaries have regarded ? the religions which they, cbmbatted with a purely hostile or contemptuous eyei have neglected to make even a hortus stccus of the weeds which they strove to eradicate from the held of native thought, that it is hardly possible to be too \- grateful to so honest a chronicler, so methodical a classifier, as Mr. GilL Employed for twetty-two years as a missionary in. the Hervey Group, a email cluster of islands in the South Pacific, ' he has sought to reproduce, as nearly ?? a« possible, the traditionary beliefs of a email section of the widely scattered Polynesian family.' ? And eo far as ? we can judge, he seems to have succeeded in doing so to a remarkable degree. We are obliged to take his word for much of what he eays, for there are scarcely any witnesses in existence who can be called in support of his efatements. A large portion of what is contained in his volume, he tells tjb, was derived, 'irom Tereavai, the last priest of the ? Shark-god Tiaio.' By the death in battle of Tereavai'a father Tuka, not long before the landing of the first Christian teachers, some links in this Polynesian my thological system were irrecjverably lost, and had Tereavai remained a heathen he would never have betrayed to a i preacher of a hostile faith 'the esoteric teachings of the pnestly clan' to which he belonged. As it is. however, we nave a tolerably complete transcript of the theological system which prevailed in the island of Magaia, a system which led, says Mr. Gill, to « unceasing and pitiless war, ? nabndled and unblushing profligacy.1 * Towards such evils »as Polynesian religion cacableof exercising persuasion! 'rt?^8'' wat8 ka™ no* entirely died out of V£m'? ^ronrarities, and Polynesian profligacy did not prove itself utterly lethal until visitors, -« least nominally Christian, had made their * w«y to watt teemed to them to be happy Islet of the Blest When Captain Cook received divine honours at the Sandwich Islands, he was not aware that he was looked upon as the bloodstained Rongo, the ' god whose home is the Shades,' on whose shrine -ji Tahiti he had seen fifty human skulls piled up. But the awed natives regarded him in that^ light, and though they emd in associating with him ideas altogether antagonistic to his personal character, still their view of the invading nee of which ke was for them the type may be looked upon as a not entirely fallacious presentiment. The myths which Mr. Gill has classified under about a dozen heads are extremely strange and striking. They offer resemblances here and there to those which prevail among other races, but they every where bear a stamp of their own. We may take as a specimen that entitled ' The Sky raised; or the 'Origin of Pumice Stone.' According tut, the sky is built of solid blue stone. At one time it almost touchei the earth and men had merely a space, a few feet high, to live in. Pitying their cramped condition, the scnvUdivine hero, Ru, when he had ascended one day from his abode in the nether world, pushed the sky up. ana supported it by strong stakes. Some time afterwards, as he was surveying his work, hi was offended by his grace less eon, Maui, and flung him huh into the air. The son assumed the form of a 'bird, and escaped unhurt. Then, resuming his natural shape, he ran to his father, inserted his head between the old man's legs, ' and hurled poor Rh, sky and all, to a tremendous height, so high, indeed, that the azure sky could never get ba?k again.' liu's head and shoulders stuck fast among the stars, from which he could not extricate himself, and so he died. ' Bis body rotted away, and his bones, of vast proportions, came tumbling down from time to time, and were shivered on the earth into countless frag ments.' To this day, what is known to the natives as 'the bones of Ru,' is found all over the island, but Europeans de clare it to be common pumice stone. In one of the solar myths the sun god, Ba, whose name accidentally associates Poly neystan mythology with Egyptian, is captured by Maui, who places in his path six nooses of strong cocoa-nut fibre. The sun comes climbing up from the lower world, and is caught in all six. the last seizing hia throat so tightly that he is all but strangled. So he is obliged to come to terms with Maui, and to agree to be thenceforth regular in his habits, (hereby conferrmgagreatbenefitonmanktnd. For in olden times he bad an inconvenient trick of often setting prematurely and unexpectedly. As to the ropes of which the nooses were formed, they still hang about the sun, and aid in lowering him into, and raising him up again from, the world of the shades. And so when the lines appear in the sky which suggest to the minds of English country children the idea that the sun is drawing up water, Mr. Gill's islanders exclaim: 'Behold the ropes of Maui!' While speaking of Ra, we may observe that, mthe islands of the Hervey group, a husband is lovingly called by his wife her rua-ra, or ' sun-hole,' ' as from him conies the light of her life. On the other hand, the bnsband calls his wife his are-rua, or his ' well-thatched house,' the dwelling 'in which his affections repose.' So that, after all, the heathen ancestors of the present islanders must have used in married life expressions which were at least as complimentary as those exchanged between Christian spoused in, let us say, Whitechapel or the Potteries. Of the legends which deal with inferior creatures, the following will terre as a specimen : — Mosquitoes, it seems, were unknown in Mangaia until a woman named Veve landed on the island with her children. In those days both men and women used to wear hollow ear-ornaments of a prodigious size, to^admit which their ears were slit in childhood, and enlarge! by constant pressure. Now Veve, on leavitg her native island, had 'filled up the hollow of her enormous ear-ornaments with niosquit.es, so as to have the pleasure of hear ing their continual hum.' Soon after landing, she went to take a bath, leaving her ear-ornaments behind, and after wards she spent some time in torch-fishing on the reef. Upon returning home, she found two of her children stung to death by the mosquitoes, ' which had by their loud humming contrived to burst their prison-house.' In her rage she set fire to her dwelling, hoping thus to destroy the insects. But some of them escaped, and have left descend ants, which greatly trouble the islanders. Here is another story, which accounts for ' The Origin of Pigs at Rarotonga.' To Mangaia the first pigs were brought in 1823, the rat having been the only quadruped previously known to the inhabitants, among, whom 'as sweet as a rat' is a con mm proverb. But five out of the seven islands compos'ng the Hervey group posseFB a native breed of p:gs. They are accounted for at Rarotonga by the following legend. In heroic times, long-continued fighting once led to a famine. TLe filial Kati jugia was greatly troubled as to how to supply with daily food his blind old father Maaru. He succeeded in doing so, but. not being able to obtain sufficient for two, he almost starved himself to death. Discovering by touch that his son had bec--me ' a living skeleton,' the blind Maaru revealed the existence of a hidden store of bread-fruit, chestnuts, and cocoa-nuts. Having eaten thereof, Maaiu gave up the ghost, after giving orders that his body should be covered with leaves and grass. ' At the expiration of four days,' were his conluding words, 'come and look at tmy body. Sh mid you see worms crawling about, cover me over again with fresh leaves and grass. At the expiration of another four days come back; and Eorntlhing will follow you. Peace will be ret to red to this island; and you will be king.' Eationgia did as he was bid. At the end of four days he went to look after his father's corpse, and saw that worms were crawling about, so he heaped leaves and grass above it. Four more days passed, and again he visited the spot. The heap under which his father's body lay was heaving strangely. He rushed away, awe- stricken. But oat of the grave burst ' the first brood of pigs on Rarotonga,' and followed him home. Increasing fast, they made htm famous and rich, 'and eventually, on account of his owning these wonderful animals, he was elected king.' In hia days peace prevailed thiouahout the island. To this day pigs are there styled ' Worms of Maaru.' tint no legend appears to have survived relative to their first roasting. However much they may have been addicted to fighting, the islanders seem to have highly appreciated peace. When ever it was proclaimed in Mangaia, a number of symbolical rites used to be performed. Spears were broken, forked sticks called ' supports ' were set up, and miniature houses' were erected, to which was given the name of ' conservators of peace.' Then a human sacrifice was offered to Rrngo, the divine arbiter of peace and war. A iew days later, the victims' ears were solemnly divided between the district chiefs and landowners of the itland. 'These bits of human ears, were deposited in the different famiy maracs. They o ,nstituted an investiture toallofficesand rights to the possession of the Foil. Without a human sacrifice there could be no formal possession of dignity or estate.' In Mangaia -( a temparal lord ' existed as weft as a king or spiritual chief.. The former received a piece of ear in his inferior capacity of district chief, the Utter obtained the victim's nose, but had to give part of it to his recognized assistants. After all this, the *acred drum of peace was beaten, the king chinting the while these lines : A bleeding victim has been chosen for our altar. By it are -weeded out evils of our land, Which spring from nether world. After which all the males of the kingly families sang in chorus: — Let peace begin. May the sky be cloudless ! I*t peace begin. M«y the sky be cloudless I Weed out all evils. Weed them out ! Weed weed them out ; utterly and for ever ! Aye, let each threatening cloud c ntirely disappear. After which human life became sacred, the half -starved representatives of the beaten Bide came out from their hiding-places, and made the best terms they could with their vanquishers, and houses long left all but roofless were allowed to be once more thatched. The last time the peace drum was sounded in Mangaia was about the year 1815. The victim selected for the occasion was an old man named Teata, who 'was liable to sacrifice at any time, as his ances tors had been before him.' The victim-eeekers would have had great difficulty in finding him, had it not been for the piety of his nephew Rakoia, who led them to the epot where his unsuspecting uncle lay asleep. ' Hence the consideration ever paid among the chiefs to the word of Rakoia,' who subsequently accepted Christianity, and died tranquilly in 1865. After his death a question arose among his heirs as to his title to a certain piece of land. At last it was settled by the old men of the tribe, who con fessed that it had been ' formerly given to Rakoia as the price of T«ate'B blood.' From many points of view Mr. Gill's excellent work may well be regarded with attention and respect. We cannot do better, in taking leave of it, than endorse the words with which Professor Max Miiller closes his preface:— 'It contains much that in itself will deeply intereet all those who have learned to sympathize with the childhood of the world, and have not forgotten that the chi!d is the father of the man ; much that will startle those who think that metaphysical conceptions are incompatible with downright savagery ; much, also, that will comfort those who hold that God has not left Himself without a witness, even amongst the lower outcasts of the human race.' — Athen-cum. 