news of tiie day. The principal business transacted in the Assembly laBt evening was the disposal of tbe Mining on Private Property Bill, which passed through all its stages. The measure is ia almost every particular identical with thatadoptcd during previous sessions, and i-e- iected on each occasion by the Legislative Council. The point of tho bill turned upon the 0th clause, which proposed that land held by private individuals might he entered upon under certain conditions with the con sent of the owner. This latter qualification it was sought to expunge, as it, was con tended that as long as tho consent of the owner was absolutely necessary the object of tbe bill was virtually defeated. There appeared every promise of a persistent opposition to the bill for a time, but in consequence of what seemed a private understanding the opponents of tho mea sure suddenly collapsed, and tbe re maining clauses and schedules passed un challenged. There was a show of a desire on the part of the Government to go into supply, but hon. members appeared to con sider that they had been sufficiently indus trious for the night, and opposed going on with further business. Tho House accord ingly adjourned at half-past ten o'clock. In tho Legislative Council yesterday, the bill for suppressing the sale of obscene pub lications was read a second time and passed through all its stages. The Justices of tho Peace Bill was further amended in committee, and the adoption of the report made an order of the day for next Tuesday, as was also the Supreme Court Jurisdiction aud Procedure Bill. The Old Metal , Dealers Bill was read a third time and pass'ed ; and the third reading of the Emerald-hill Council Bill was made an order of the day for Tuesday next. Notices of motion were given as follows Sir C. Siaden : To move for the appointment of a select committee to consider the best means of increasing the number of members of Council. Mr. Eighett : To' movo that the number of mem bers of Council be increased- to forty-two, by giving two additional memoers to eacn province. The Council adjourned till Tues day next. His Excellency tho Governor has received a communication, forwarded by the Secre tary of State for the Colonies, upon the eub- ject of laying a duplicate submarine tele graphic cable connecting the Australian co lonies with Europe. A proposal is made by the present Indo-European Company to un dertake the work on very favorable terms, the intention being to duplicate those por tions of the line which are most exposed to tho action of the tides and the coral reefs abounding along the route in the vicinity of Java. The matter has been referred to the Government. The ceremony of opening the new line of railway from Maryborough to Avoea takes place to-morrow, under circumstances that' promise to impart considerable eclat to the proceedings. JJis Excellency the Governor will attend, as will also several members of tho Ministry, including Messrs. Jones, Gillies, liamsay aud M-Lelian. Messrs. Davies, Grant, Woods, Walker, W. Eraser, M.L.A.'s, and others are expected. A special train will leave the Spencer-Street station at ,nine a.m., conveying tbe guests. There -will be a brief delay at Castlemaine and Maryborough, the special arriving at its destination about two o'clock. The oocasiomwill be celebrated by a general holi day and a banquet in the afternoon. An escort of mounted cavalry, undor the conr- mand of Captafn Fraser, will meet and accom pany biB Excellency on arrival at Avoca. The various local bodies interested purpose rendering the demonstration worthy of the locality. The special train will return at even o'clock, arriving in town about mid night. Both Hoases.of Parliament will- receive the congratulations of all right-minded persons for tbe promptitude with which tbey have acted in taking measures for the n, pression of obscene publications AhSl to prevent tbe sale of obscene prin , pictures, ice. wa, introduced ln,t„ into the Legislative Council by t.lr a« derson, and but for tbo obstruction one hon. member (Mr. Wm. Wilson) minU have passed both Houees that night and h. come at once the law of the land. Yestcc' day, however, it was passed throimh its r»" lnaioiug stages and sent to the Leeisla tive Assembly, where it was received fcv both sides w,th expressions of approbating On Mr. kerfc-rd proposing to deal wits it at once he met with a ready response and it was passed without any discussion what over. Tho measure is substantially a codv of a similar act in force in England its mS principles being that upon a sworn informs tioa ucforo one stipendiary magistrats two justices of the 'peace, a wiSat ma issuo, and the suspected papers or nSS articles be seized and taken before the maJh trates for investigation. If the magistrate! decide that the articles are calculated te promote immorality they have the power to order their destruohou, and to tine ik. owners for a first offence £20, «r six month,' imprisonment; and for a second off £ot), or twelve months' imprisonment The aim of proof that the goods seized hare not an immoral tendency is cast on the ac cused persons, and provision is made fo, them to appeal to the Court of General See siona if they desire to do so. Tlin tsvA«./.(n.. II.. uwvuiukciaui uiv movement to eran extension of powers to the Collingwood (3.1 Company are not likely to orove succesiM with their bill in tbo form "in which it It been presented to tho Assemhjy. Cestui, » if the statements made in the House l«i evening when tliemeasurewasiinderconsid7r ation aro correct, no one will rcnret then-,.1 tion of antagonism taken up%y Mr ?\f :C. Smith, Mr. .Lougmore and other's 'it to asserted that tho object of the company to continue and render more inimical to the intoiests of tbo public the arrangement existing between them and the J/elbgurn" Gas Company the ultimate intention liua to crush out their younfcet rival, the iWh Melbourne Gas Company. Ust nigl,t .when the report of the select committee upon the .bill came before the House, an amendment was moved that tho questioaberefeiredtoa committee of the whole, the object being to limit the operations of the company and price of the gas, and to prevent the erection of gasometers without the consent of adjacent property holders within SIX) yards of the site. Mr. Lnngton. who had charge of the bill, scpitig ho had no other alternative than to give way, mndenvirto" of necessity, and agreed to accept the amendment. The House having gone into committee upon tho bill, a long discusiicn ensued, which resulted in the member for West Melbourne undertaking to submit til views of tbe committee to the promoter!, aiid report the result to tbe House on nut Wed lie- day. Mr. T. T. a'Reckett returned yesfmiy from Sydney, where lie had been apaJ representing the colony at the reeentCi®) Synod. It seems that the negotiation Vi the purchase of the Melbourne and Uokii Bay llailway by the Government, nlii have been suspended during bis abmm, B will be resumed to-day. The matter, it Ii H expected, will be finally decided in the corns of a few days. . H The following notices of motion were lit I evening tabled , in the Assembly Mi B Stewart : To call the attention of the CxBj missiouer of Hnilways to the refusal of til B department to carry passt-Dgers at excunia H fares to the various towns on theJiueiiB railway on the dnys when agricultural shoe H arc held , aud to ask if lie will cause til K practice to be amended. Mr. Garratt : Too! H tbe attention of tbe Commissioner of Krt H ways to the advantages arising from ri-nniq H Saturday trains at excursion fares; and hi ask liiw whether he will resume the runnii) H of such trains as usual. Mr. Cope : f onion H that there be laid upou the table of thii B House copies of all papers, correspondent! B and documents relating to the selection aui B dealing with land in the parishes of 8iu- H burrs and Mynmyn, from the .time of eelec- H tion to tbe present time. Mr. Garratt : Ti B move that this House will, on Tuesday next, B resolve itself into a committee of the whole B to consider the propriety of presenting an ad- fl dress to bis Excellency the Governor, fa H questing him to cause to be placed uponuB additional estimate for 1S7C-7 the ,saH of £ to be paid i to Mr. Thomas Eaton, ii K accordance with the recommendation of til H select committee appointed by this HocaH to consider bis case. Mr. G. V. Smith : TiH call the attention of the Treasurer to 'hB report of the hoard appointed Vo cuuctrB the churns to compensation made iy-ovtiu teachers; and to ask if those teaiWl vie V have not served fifteen years aro to wain B no compensation. Mr. Hunt: To cvl lbs H attention of the Commissioner of Mn;i to the necessity that exists for erection ol I sheep-yards at Tullarook railway station; and ask whether lie will make tiie requite ments of the inhabitants in the diteditiB indicated. M r. Davies: To call the atta- 1 tion of the Minister of Justice to ceitcj B memorials presented to the Crown lav de H partment, showing tho inconvenience t:iH public snfler from the'wnntof amagirhrtB at Berlin, Orville and Kingower, ahd abB from the district of East Charlton: and ask if he intends to remedy the coniploinl H A large number of gentlemen, friends i H Mr. Beaney, surgeon, assembled at the Ton H Hall yesterday afternoon, to present. iiiB with a testimonial, consisting of a silver iot<H stand and an elaborately illuminated addniH The . address Was as follows To JkB James George' Beaney, K.R.C.S., &obH;| Honorary Surgeon Melbourne Hospitil-H Dear Sir,— This slight testimonial (a silteBI inkstand) which accompanies this is the pig of your frienda and patients, oSetrf them for your acceptance, not so -ul Ha for its iiitrinsie value as for til Bs menus whereby to express their coafes appreciation of your liigb character snip? H fessional skill, which, combined with yea Hj numorous charities and the many enii ad qualities tlint have developed duriej;taB lung residence in Victoria, liavo deotrvnljB won you a vast practice, and the estetnJi'B confidence of a large section of thesrB muuity. The various annoyances, MotfiM by the late attempt to destroy your H sional standing and reputation (to which ja fl have in professional envy and jealousy bB subjected) have aroused much syuipi'lfB You may, however, rest assured am the signal failure of that attempt kHj reversed the intentions of its prouueto by elevating you still higher _in opinion, and rendering your position wt-v) B unassailable in the future. With OfkJB good wishes, ami an assurance of the a? tinued respect nnd confidence of yournujB friends and patients, we are, your faito'.', B — a. K. Smith." (Then follow the ma" of a large number of citizens.) Thepetf-B tation was made by tbe Mayor, and suitably acknowledged by the The health of Mr. idcancy, the .Miv-pU' fl Mayor, and others, having been ii f H' honored, the meeting separated. H A deputation, accompanied by if®1® W. Clarke and Lock, M.L.A.'s, yeW® waited on tbo Chief Secretary, for tnepH pose of protesting against the Bnmnj«aB tollgate being re-opeued, as coming"1'® the class, known as. special casjs.J' alleged that the Government had been'" into re-opening the gate by a ! .B ment which it was evident strictly in accordance with fact. gate was not a check gate to Mount Clear tollgate, as had been "P. onted, and it did not jaa» a year. Mr. Macphcrson said that not see how he could interfere now, H much as the gate had been gazetted. Clarke submitted that there was noting » prevent the proelamation being revo After a good deal of discussion, it w cided tliat the shire council should «»" alternative tenders for the Buninyouc gate with and without the Jloun |ate. The result would determine th| course the Government would ndopt » ing with the matter. | Messrs. Money Wigram and Sons s J ' ship Durham took hoi- departure yes from the Sandridge Hailwoy tier for don, and although not carrying a fnt "»« plemeut of passengers, has a much s number than might have been P - considering tiie season of "the y great deal of the success of >jD he-'-l tuay he attributed, not only to the sh p self, but to the way in which she is offi«£B As usual on the departure of a pa»f» vessel, a large concourse of assembled on tbe pier to witness ture of the Durham, and many cheers were given as sbe.banled on- Tbe new steamer Mangana, for manian Steam Navigation Company, at Hobart Town yesterday from tbe L i The man Heury Edward was recently committed at the H M Police Court for an assault with m little gil l only four years of age,V. B tbe Central Criminal Court jesto ) trial. The dotails cannot bo puWi The prisoner, having been found gnu., sentenced to -ten years' hard HMO three Hoggings of fifty lashes :ach- feJ tbe latter part of the sentence toll to out will, however, reit with th»Mt«. B tl, as after the verdict of the jury was y the Crown prosecutor stated to his / Mr. Justice Stephen that he had k t that when the prisoner was in the if. Dttrne Gaol some time, since he was foubil to be 8Utl'ering.from both physical nnd menial weakness, wtiich necessitated his re- movjl to Oeelong. His Honor thereupon ordered that tho first whipping should be postponed for six weeks, so that there might be ample - time for the Executive Council to consider the case. The proprietors of tho publication known as Let's Pictorial Budget and Police. News were applicants to his Honor Mr. Justice Fellows, in Chambers yesterday, that he should take recognisances so as to allow of the continued issue of the paper. His Honor refused to accede to the request unless the Crown had 'notice tbat the application was to be made, and- tho matter was postponed until this ; morning, so that the necessary notice, might be served. ' 'The' suit of the United Hand and Band Gold Mining Company, Ballarat, v. tho National Bank of Australasia, in which the plaintiff's seek to set aside the sale of tho niioe and plant to a Air. Lnkeland by the bank, on the ground that the latter had not an equitoblo right to make the sale, was pro ceeded with in the Equity Conrt yesterday, before Air. Justice Alolesworth. Several witnesses having been examined, it was an nounced that the plaiutiffs' case was closed. The further bearing of the suit will be taken to-morrow morning. The monthly meeting of the committee of management of the Aleibottrne Sailora' Home was held at the institution on Alonday. The superintendent reported that 107 seamen had been admitted, and 1 15 had been re- shipped during tho month of September, the daily average having been 50. The amount which had beon lodged for safe keeping was £u4l 16s. Gd., and the withdrawals from same account £23S 2s., of which £76 16s. Gd. had been remitted to the wives and other relatives of seamen. A vote of thanks was accorded, to Air. -Herbert Henty for his gift, of i three cases ' Of serials and illustrated pnpers to. the- institution. A "tender or designing, supplying and erecting a street ianip to the. front entrance was accepted. Thc.ofiiocs lately occupied by the Alercan- tile -Marine offices had been converted into an office, board-room and navigation school room, the superintendent's old office into a sifctin?rofi7i) fflp flip hop pf f lin k J « J a separate dining-room was now being fitted- up for the use of officers. The tradesmen's accounts wero passed for payment. At the District Police Court yesterday, the newly-licensed refreshment bars at Wilson's Palace Circus, referred to in the City Council on Alonday la9t, were again brought promi nently before the public. Air. William Lyndhurst Ambler sued John Anderson, of the Argus Hotel, Collins-street east, for sell ing liquor without a licence. Air. Turves appeared to prosecute, Air. Oillott to de fend. The summons set ont that John Anderson, " on the 16th Ootober, not being duly licensed, did permit certain liquor, viz., one glass of whisky, to be sold to William Lyndhurst Ambler." Air. Furres stated that the plaintiff was tho licensee of the Phcenix Hotel, Flinders-street. Tbe point to bo submitted for decision was purely one of )»w, and lie would seek to show that luuuugu iui. Auueraon iieitt a document, R-hioU he believed to lie a sufficient licence, yet it was really no licence at all. He did not press for a heavy fine, but simply sought for a de cision upon the question, which was not one of ordinary sly-grog selling, but rather a misconception as to the validity of the licence. The act required that applications for licences must be made to the Court of Petty Sessions, which he proposed to show was not fulfilled in the present instance. Air. Ambler stated that he attended the court when the application for a temporary licence was about to be made, hut the bench did not sit. Air. Sturt, P.M., here Btated that be was on the bench at the time the np- plication for the licence was mado. After somo discussion the bench held that the temporary licence, having been granted, was undoubtedly in force for seven days, but the opposition might, on the application for a re- newal, bring forward their arguments sgaiust it. The present case was dismissed, with two guineas costs, and the opposition will be made on the application for a re newal on Saturday morning. The fiual meeting of tho O'Grady Me morial Fund Committee was held in St. Patrick's Hall last evening. Sir C. G. Huffy occupied the chair. The honorary secretary announced that the amount received, after defraying all incidental expenses, would exceed one thousand pounds. From this the Eost of the monumqqt to the deceased gentle- men, . estimated at about £250, will be de frayed. Tho balance, together with one thousand pounds voted by the Alliance In- sur&tiCQ; ComDanv. and several snma vat. +n come in, will be deposited at interest for the benefit of Mr. O'Grady'b daughters. A man named Edward Philips was charged at the City Police Court yesterday, with stealing a purse containing £4 10s. from a fellow lodger named Bartholomew Heub- stett, who, together with the prisoner and others, occupied the same apartment at the Albion Restaurant on Alonday night last On Tuesday morning the prosecutor missed his money, and on tho detectives, to whom he gave information, searching the room they found the sovereigns concealed beneath the prisoner's bed, whereupon he was arrested yesterday. He reserved his de- fence, and was committed for trial. At the revision court held at Emerald- hill yesterday, the electoral registrar (Mr Eville) objected to four names on tho Council list, on the ground that they ap peared on the roll of ratepaying electors. Ihe names were struck off by the court as were also, for the same reason, no fewer than 134 from tbe Assembly list. Four names of deceased persons, two names of persons twice on the list, and two of persons who had left the district were also removed The mayor and Alessrs. Nimmo, Foote and Banks presided. A deputation from the Fiemington Shir© Council yesterday waited on Air. Ramsay to ask him to extend the telegraph to that locality. Dr. Aladden accompanied the de- putation. It was stated thut arrangements had been made with a person who undertook the business of telegraph station-master on the three-fourths principle, and it was he- lieved that from tlie business transacted in the place the office would well repay the outlay, Mr. Ramsay promised to give the applicatiou his favorable consideration. Dr. loul hold an mqnest at the Afelbourne Hospital yesterday, upon the body of a lad named Charles Dugdole, aged fifteen years, who died in the institution on Tuesday last. . About eeven weeks ago, deceased, who was the son of a miner residing on the Cale donia Diggings, went out shooting, and was taken home iu the evening with a gunshot wound in his head. He was quite sensible, and explained that his gun was loaded and leaning against a log on which was a dead xangaroo. The body slipped off, and, falling on the gun, exploded it, and a portion of the charge entered his head. Next day the un fortunate youth was removed to the hospital. Upon examination there was no appearance of tho skull having '"been fractured, and he progressed favorably until about seven days »go, when, unfavorable symptoms super vening, a consultation was held, and the operation of trepanning was resolved upon. After the operation deceased became worse and gradually sank until he died on tho 1 1 th inst. Dr. Lewellin made a post mortem examination of the body, and deposed that death resulted from an abscess of the brain consequent upon the injury he received, and the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. The following were admitted to the casualty wards of the Alelbourne Hospital yesterday : — J. J. Bruce, aged twenty-seven years, second officer of the ship American, lying at the Queen's Wharf, suffering from injuries to the head, caused by his falling off a plank into an open boat, a distance of inteen feet ; Thomas Sarchnell, aged forty.- eight. yeara, residing in Fitzroy, suffering from injuries to the back caused by a fall off a scaffold in Bell-street ; and Thomas Stan ton, twenty-four years of age, residing in Maribyrnong, suffering from a fractured jaw, Cauqpri 1ji» n f«ll .h 4-1. „ ir..i r> ? — ». ,tj m lau an me xucub ju reserving Company's works. -Before i Messrs.- MolHson and W. Mitchell, st the Footscray Police Court yesterday, a William Martin was committed to take his trial on two charges of burglary, committed at Yarraville on Sunday night : , Prisoner had in his possession an auger ftnd bit,. with which he bored holes in the aoors, and, knocking the wood away, put bis hand through, unlocking the catch, thus gaining easy access to the inside of the hmutiugs. Prisoner made no statement, nd reserved his defence. An inquest was held on Tuesday at Mount "before Mr. Gaunt, P.M., as coroner, 0a Jj0(y a woman named Mary Caila- D8n evidence showed that the de- ceased was attended in her accouchement on Wednesday, 12th inst , byWn. Griffiths, a local medical practitioner, and to accelerate tne birth he used an instrument, which be Broke, and then he naed an inch auger. Not succeeding, he abandoned tho case, and Dr. Spailinu, of Buninyong, being called iu, the child was horn alive in half an hour, but was so much injured about the head that it died .on Sunday night. The poor woman had also been so seriously wounded by f.iriffith.i that, she died a few hours before the infant. A verdict of manslaughter was returned, and Griffiths was committed for trial at Ballarat sessions in December. An inquest 011 the child will bo held on Saturday next. At the ordinary meeting of the Footscray Council, held last evening, it was decided to ask the Chief Secretary not to take any steps relative to the dividing of tbe borough into wards, as petitioned for by a number of ratepayers last week, without the council being consulted ; also, that a copy of the proposed ward boundaries might bo sent to the council. The Inglewood correspondent of the Ben- digo Advertiser mentions an extraordinary instance of fatality in one family. He writes : — The accident which happened to Mr. Robert Pollock, of Bulabul Creek, on Saturday, has proved fatal. Some sad fatality seems to hang over this family. In January, 1875, Mrs. David Ellis, sister of deceased, whilst endeavoring to save some property from destruction by a bush fire, was so severely burned, at a spot about fifty yards from the scene of Saturday's accident, that she died in two hours afterwards, on the same bed that her brother, Robert Pollock, breathed his last on the day named ; and on the same day and hour, in 1875, the eldest sister of the family died in Nova Scotia, so that only two brothers are now left of the numerous members who existed a year or two ago. In addition to this, I also learn that Mr. Pollock, sen., some years since met with a violent death on shipboard, while coming out here to visit his sons and daughter, by falling on the deck and frac- turing his skull. News has been re- ceived at Newstead to the effect that a brother of Mr. R. Pollock, living there, could not come to Inglewood, having himself met with a serious accident on Thursday, which had confined him to his bed. Tlie Ballarat Courier states that all over the roofs of the houses, nnd on every smooth surface, on Soldicrs'-hill, a fine green powder, but tasteless, was seen early on Tuesday morning. Some tubs of water drawn for supply while tbe water was cut off were covered with the rame nowiler. The Color Herald states that the party of men who last week proceeded to te9t the value of the kerosene shale discovery at the Gellibrand river have not been idle. The first shaft had to he abandoned, on account of the water flooding in. Another shaft was then sunk, about fifty yards from the river. When about four feet from the surface the shale was struck, and at a depth of ten feet the men came upon a layer of saud, running through it, which was about cighteeu inches deep. Tbey then came on the slialc again, and it is now of a better quality. Sinking is still going on. The shale has been traced along the bank of tbe river for a considerable distance, and there appears to be an unlimited supply of it. Bishop Bugnion informs the A. Register that the Meunonites settled in Nebraska are not dissatisfied with the United O L n 4 An i. t__ a ... .1 -tiiveiiiiueiK, out witu tne com pany which undertook to settle them there. Also, that the Alauritius. people, whom lie intended to Bettle at the Nor- tliern Territory, are not Alennonites, hut members of his own Hook ; that the Alen nonites form only a very small portion of the southern Russians to whom the recent laws applied, and that the heat in some of tire southern districts, where they live, oc casionally reaches 40 Reaumur, equal to 122 cleg. 1'allr. The bishop adds — "Tlio winter is sometimes very severe, but does not last more than tlireo months. I lived some mouths in the Northern Territory, and I would never have committed myself to wards my spiritual sheep in inducing them to settle there if not quite sure that they could — knowing tho circumstances — live there easily. When they first wrote to me (August, 1S73), tbey said. 'Advise us like a father advises his children ; we are quite ready to follow you,' &c.; Aly first step was to seo for myself the country nt large, and thus bo enabled to give a fatherly advice, for I felt and feel my moral responsibi lity." The following is a copy of a letter ad dressed to the Bishop of Sydney by tho Archbishop of Canterbury, relative to the appoiutment of the Bishop of Perth "Sth August, 1876.— Aly dear Lord,— I have endeavored, to tho best of my power, to execute the trust delegated to mo by tlie diocese of Perth, with the approval, of the Bishops of the Prbvincb of Australia.. The person whom, after very serious reflection, I have selected to bo Bishop of Perth is the Right Rev. Henry Parrv. Archdeacon, and. till his father's late death. Bishop suffragan of Barbadoes. I have known Bishop Parry, more or less, for many years, nnd feel con fident that, with the Divine blessinu, he will well discharge the duties now to be assigned to him. Bishop Barry will, of course, not require consecratjon, as he was consecrated by me to be suffragan to his father the Bishop of Barbadoes. Trusting that the blessing of Almighty God may rest on tbo new Bishop and lies see, I (remain, yours very sincerely, A. C. Canti:aI5. The Right Rev. the Bishop of Sydney." A novelty in the shape of contests is de scribed by the South Australian Advertiser, arising from a challenge from five quarry, men to ten quilidrivers. The ground se lected was the site for the new institute, and the task the excavating of the founda tions for the building. Each party had to open a piece of ground sixty feet long, three feet wide, and eighteen inches deep, and throw the earth a sufficient distance" to allow a clear space, one foot in width, along side tho work. The task was commenced at about a quarter to four o'clock, and the qnnrrymen finished at a quarter-past five o'clock. Tho quilldriver9 completed their worlc about a quarter of an hour later. From tho first it was seen that the qnnrrymen would win, as each man took a space of twelve feet to clear, while the quilidrivers, who worked together in. stead of dividing their forces, had not suffi. cient room to use their picks freely. Several of the quilidrivers arrived on the scene with masks on their faces, but theso were soon dispensed with, as the warmth of the sun's rays, the nature of the work, and liberal potations of tea that were supplied them by somo thoughtful young ladies, made the perspiration flow freely. The miilL) r; who did their work remarkably well, will, by losing in the contest, have to forfeit 4s. each to the funds of the institute. It was a happy thought to have the work done in connection with the new institute ; for the £2 forfeited, the charges for admission to the ground, nnd tha digging of the founda tion, will greatly assist the project. Air. VV. R. Furlong's concert is to take place this evening, in. the Athenieuin, in " 'which he will be assisted bv his principal pupils, chorus and band. The programme is a good one. Afadame Pett, Mr. F. L. King and his pupil (Miss Gledhill) will take part in tbe'instramental portion. I The bazaar recently held in connection with St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Willinmstown, is expected to realise about £400, wliioh will go towards the erection of a new presbytery. In consequence of the great success at tending tbe entertainment given by the printers on the I th tost., the performers in the Unfinished Gentleman have decided upon repeating it on Saturday, 2Stli inst., in aid of the Hospital Sunday fund. His Worship the Alayorand the city corporation have given their patronage, and many of the lending citizens of Alelbourne. Several piuiefc.iiuuiii uuiy anu gentlemen vocalists will perform. The entertainment will coin- mence with a pretty little drama in one net, entitled the Village Tale, to he followed by a musical interlnde, to conclude with the Unfinished Cientleman. A full rehearsal of Sir. Aliehael Costa's ora- torio, Eli, was held in the Town Hall last evening, all the principals, hand and chorus being present. The second performance of this interesting and delightful work will take place jn the Town Hall on Saturday evening next, and from the creat i)«mi.u for seats a most successful issue is naturally expected from this enterprise. All the bal cony scats are already taken, and eleven rows of eliairs, which have therefore been reserved, in front of tbe orchestra. These seats are going off very quickly. A few special features are observable in this second performance of Eli. Mr. Angus will, for the first time, sing the whole of tlie music al lotted to the l'rophot, in place of dividing it as before with another bass singer. This is a decided improvement, as by concentrating the part it becomes more individualised. The band parts will be augmented by the introduction of two harps, and the various trumpet parts will he given on that in strument instead . of the cornopean as before. It will therefore be seen that no pains have been spared by Mr. Herz, tbe conductor, to make this as thorough and exact a performance as is pos sible. The principal soloists will be the (anc Rl on the last occasion, with the ex- ' . -ivuli ception mentioned before, and the band aud chorus will be as well supported as pre viously. The performance will again com mence nt half-past ssven o'clock, that nr. rangement having been found so satisfactory before. The ticket office is at Allan's (Wilkie's). The Academy of Music, in Bourke-strcct east, is now so near completion that the day of opening lias been definitely fixed for Monday, 0th November. Arrangements have been entered iuto with Aldlle. Dc Alurskn, assisted by her talented compauy, compri sing ijignori Kosnati and Stisini, aud othor artistes, who will appear iu selections from lending operas, for a season. An en gagement has also been entered into with Mr. Edwin Adams to appear on alternate nights in several of his most favorite characters, and he will be sup ported by several artistes of celebrity on the English stage, who are expected to arrive here by the next mail steamer. The works in all parts of the premises, including the Victoria Arcade, and the hotel and buildings in Bourl:e-9treet, are very forward, and will be all occupied and opened on the same day. Air. Pillans, the Scotch comedian, again appeared at the Theatre Royal last evening, his performance being received with general npplauee. His genial acting and unassum ing demeanor constitute an important portion of his many good qualities. Baker and Farron performed at the Opera Houso last night to a numerous andieuce. Conrad aud Lizette was repeated. The Fakir of Ooht continues to present nn attractive programme at St, George's Hall. Tlie blind violinist, Mr. Brumble, is a de cided success. A new ghost dramictta is iu course of preparation. Wilson's Hippodrome was largely attended last night. The various trained steeds and the company of talented artists forming the troupe succeeded in maintaining the interest and enthusiasm of tlie audience from first to last. The Young Mod's Christian Association De bating .Society meets to-night, sviisa Air. Wilson " ill read his essay ou the Tendency of Byron's Works. Tlie monthly meelingof tho New Third Victo ria Building and Investment .Society was held last evening, nt tho offices of the society, 50 Elizaheth-street ; Air. Thomas Alston in tho chair. Tho month's takings were announced to ho £1755 7s. 3d. Eighteen shares wero sold at a premium of 5s, A very pleasant meeting was held at St. Paul's High School, Swanston-street, on Tiles- day, in connection with tlio recent marriage of Atr.„ English, tlio first assistant of the school. Tlie teachers and scholars had sub scribed a sufficient sum to purchase a soitre- nfr to give bim in honor of tbo event. Air. Murray, the head master, on helmlf of the sub scribers, presented tho gift, which consisted of a very handsome tea service ; aud he desired to state that the idea originated entirely nmongst the scholars. The present was duly acknow ledged by Mr. English. 