Wóiry and its Physical Effects. To so overy-day and common a state of mind aa worry ranging, as it may, from a passing "fit of the blues" ut to the most poignant.mental anxiety regarding life it' self, little importance is popularly attached ; aud espe- cially among so exceptionally nervous and rapid a people as the Americans, the fact of a person succumb- ing under mental strain is of too erdinary occurrence to give rise to extended comment. To the list of thc insane immured in asylums and brought thither through hereditary or by their own excesses, thousands are added sufi'©ring -with broken minds induced by an- xiety ; but tho great majority of people thus offected continue in their places in society, by no means lunatics, nor maniacs, nor idiots, but nevertheless of brain un- sound in parts. The world sometimes dubs them " eccentric *," and, if they bo so distinguished, their odd habits, absence of mind, and like traits furnish rich material for the biographical ; in other canos the eccen- tricities become crimes, and indiscriminating justice may declare the life forfeited becauso of the working of hidden faculties, uncontrollable, because disorganised. Worry, then, is dangerous, more so than the alcohol which kills the drunkard ; for the latter involves a tasto anda habit which may bo put aside, the former is tho creature of necessity, and creeps insidiously into every man's ¡lifo. Its physiological effects, therefore, should be clearly and adequately realised. And the knowledge of the ills may, in some instance, prevent the existence of the cause. During the early stages of dementia induced by men- tal anxiety, Dr. Richardson tells us in his " Diseases of Modern Life," there is nothing moio'than an increased tension of the minute vessels which supply the brain. In later stages, the substance; of the nervous tissue it- self undergoes a modification by which its activity is permanency lost. Those are tho physiological conse- quences, most briefly Bummed up. The first symptom is a want of full bodilyj vigour ; then follows craving for more work, disturbed sleep, acute sensitiveness to external impressions, and, finally, strange figures and sounds aro seen and heard. This condition may con- tinue for years, and the sufferer in time may begin to accopt abnormal creations as natural. Dr. Richardson cites a case of a merchant, who for a week retained in his vision the spectra of three lights, oval in shape, of the size of an ogg, and so clearly defined fco the observer that he would watch them half- consciously as they floated before him on the wall, the ceiling, or in space. In this stage of the disease lies the foundation of all hypotheses of ghost- seeing, of ecstatic visions, and even of poetic frenzy. A curious instance directly in point, which came to our notice very recently, is that of a well- known writer in the press, who, for some time past, has devoted attention to the subject of morbid mental conditions. This gentleman, in a letter to a daily journal, states himself to bo the victim of the hor- rible spectacle of two men hanging from a gallows, a sight which he once beheld while acting as a city re- porter. The suspended corpses are clearly brought be- fore him by the sound of rain (the execution occurred during a rainstorm), and also by the Bound of laughter, since, through some uncontrollable impulse during the hanging, he was induced to utter an untimely peal of merriment. That tho writer's brain is injured, possibly by the excessive mental strain peculiar to his profes- sion, seems probable ; and the lesion is manifested, as already described, by the constant roourrence of the apparition. "lt is a well-known fact that wo hare two natures, one purely organic and emotional, the other subject to the reasoning powers. The organic nervous ohain exists in tho body as a link between emotional mental acts and rasoular supply. An impression {from without, made t brough the organs of the senses upon the emotional oentrcs, is reflected directly from them to the vascular expanse. The part flushes or blanches, and the heart hesitates, palpitates, rebounds, or intermits ; so that these centres, exeitod by anxiety, or grief, or joy, or sorrow, influence the waves of blood passing through the system, and the brain promptly feels the imperfect re- gulation of the supply. Under varying tensions of the vessels, there are flashes, "hills, coldness of the extre- mities, and other oppressive symptoms, while in addition appear tho distressing ringing or hammering sounds in tho head. These sounds are arterial murmurs, vibra- tions ef the blood which press with each impulse of the heart on tho bony surroundings of tbe relaxed carotid canal, situated at the base of the skull. The canal is in direct connection, by solid conducting substance, with the organs of hearing, and thus the faintest vibration is detected. The sound produced when it is sudden and expected, as in moments of fear, is occasionally mistaken for a sound proceeding from without with no obvions cause. Thus [tho sufferer is likely to see visions and hear strange noises, impalpable so to speak, but as purely physical as the most common things in life. In some instances they are actual perceptions of real facts or objeots, caught by an extremely susceptible and deli- cate norvous surface. In others they are an intensified recognition of movements within the body ; but in the vast majority of instances they aro actual impressions made at some time on the organism, and now recalled and rendered more definite by constant recurrence. At this point, if the mental powers bo allowed rest, and tho fountains of care be closed, recovery may take place ; but if the over-strain continue, the disease aa sumes still graver form. There is a maddening desire for work, more work, coupled with tho sad sensation that the physical powers ar« failing ; and then there are lapses of memory. The man of Inamess forgets impor- tant details, ho is irritable, distrusts everybody and himself moat, makes mistakes, and yet porsists in ac cumulating more work on himself. The poet and nove- list become ovor- sentimental and morbid; the man troubled with remorse for guilt confesses his crime, "or commits suicide. The downward course is rapid;' in one case opilepsy oocurs, in another paralysis, a third develops some hereditary malady like cancer, a fourth dies from nervous failure and local disease of some vital organ, The majority, escaping these special ends, become prematurely old, and sink helplessly into death. The brain bocoraoa' disorganised, the balance is broken, aud anarchy succeeds to what once was order. .In every brain, in fact, there is sot up primitively a kingly force, to whtoh nil other forces bend. Tho king may be good or bad, he may be an hereditary king or a usurper, but ho holds the balance; kill tho king, and, in ninety- nine eases out of a hundred, the kingdom ÍB made chaos and dark night.-Scientific American. 