The Advertiser FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1876. IN a recent number we placed before our readers some account of the water supply in Ceylon. We drew attention at the same time to the success which had at- tended a perseverance in the policy of Sir H. Robinson to restore the reservoirs and renew the irrigation systems, which bad done so much for Ceylon under the role of her ancient Kings. The change it has already wrought in the material prosperity of die Island, although considerable, gives as yet but an imperfect notion of the revo lution it most make in course of time, both in the cultivation of the soil and the plants which are cultivated. It must be evident that if the cultivator of the ground, instead of "relying altogether |on die mere rainfall of the wet seasons,, can command a sufficient supply of water daring the hot and dry portions of die year, the nature of the crops can be varied to any extent, the quality improved, and the yield regulated with a tolerable degree of certainty. If this can be done in a country where the rainfall is great, by storing up as much as possible of die storm waters of a tropical country, which would otherwise flow away into the sea, it needs not much argument to establish die value of a system of water storage, in a country where there is little permanent surface water, and where the rainfall is uncertain and rarely heavy. Although^ we shall never be able to place ourselves in a position as favorable as Ceylon by means of any water storage system which may be established here, it is manifest that we may vastly increase our resources, and the value of a great deal of land, by availing ourselves as far as our circumstances will permit, of the policy which is now develop ing in the above-named bland. Toe comparatively small area of the colony of Victoria, and its special topo graphical features have rendered the forma tion of an extensive water storage system comparatively easy. The pursuit of gold mining, requiring as it does large qaaathies of water, hw denude* alarger oi mow reliable supply thaa nature aaanaated could furnish. For acme years past* there fore, schemes for water supply in various ; parts of the country hare occupied a j prominent place in tie p?ibfiemiad. Be sidea funnahing ground for rmwidualrtu local agitation, they have found portions of the public policy adopted by different leading statesmen. As aught be ex pected, load and aeriom oon^bunts of un ekilfnl engineering;, wastefal ejqpeadttare, and sacrifioe of local jute-rots have been frequently urged; but nemffceleM aab stantial progress in the right direction baa been made, and lodging from the facts before the worid, tl? Government of Vic toria has little reason to be ashamed of what it has done. Although forming part of one of the driest countries in die world, Victoria, v favorably situated for obtaining a large water supply at a moderate cost, aad is otherwise favorably CKCvaaata?ead. She is the snattest colony on the Australian Con tinent, and she has been, if abe k not, the richest. She hag spent raiHiom in order to develop the resoaroea of her territory, and in (waterworks she has taken the lead. She covers an ami <d $8,198 square miles, or 56,446,730 acres, watered by 114 rivers, of which 105 give a total length of 4,909 miles; of nine the lengths are not Elated. She possesses 109 lakes, covering an area of 392,974 acres, or 614 square miles. Of these 68 are fresh water, with an aggregate ares of 170,041 acres; 13 are brackish, widi an area of 14*220 acres; 17 axe salt, haying an are* of 124^233 ?en* and there are 11 tidal hikes having as ares of 78,480 acres. Asa part of Australia, Victoria, nay be considered to be well watered by nature. Bat, besides these natural supplies, pnbtie enterprise baa created no less than 51 artificial water supply systems, which are equal to a. storage of 12,062^19^26 gaUom, wkkfc have been constroetod at • total cost of £2^065. When cm mmx~ able and costly attempts ai ?metiag waterworks are compared with (teas re sults, our pocffloa looks insignificant and mmtirfactoiym the extreme. The even** cost of the \lctorian waterworks has been £214 per 1 fiOOfm gallons of atora^e capa city. Tbe greatest remit obtsxned lor taw least eipenditure bas been at Beaufort, where a storage capacity BS£Bl,llO gaSons hsc been secured by ma outlay of £1^991, or £23 per 1,000,1000 gaflons. The aaMillnal result realiaed from tin greatest espeadV ture appears at Busgane, where a, stonge capacity of 212,960,000 gaOoBS was gained at an ootkvof £300,000, or about£l^oo per lfiOOflOOgiakKm. fafistiwMrtmgtheeoatof these works in order to arrtre at a staaiard by which we can judge of ibe relative value of oar existing waterworks, tad of tie probable expenditure in future underta kings, some acquaintance with tbe ciieum stances of ench particubu- case is necessary' On this point we shall hare something to say on a future occasion. It may be suffi cient for the present to observe that a great many of tbe undertakings have been brought to a successful issue in point of efficiency and economy in nfaees whew tbe natural features of tbe country are very similar to those which exist in many parts of South Australia, and where the standard of expenditure would not be greatly beyond that whkii is shown fay works in Victoria. Tbe largest water supply scheme which has been carried out uthat for tbe supply of Melbourne and its suburbs, where a storage of G,415,000,000 millions of gallons, with mains, pipes, &&, which has been ob tained at a cost of £1,334,000. This, it will be seen, is equal to one-half of tbe whole Victorian artificial water supply, aad has absorbed rather more than one-half of tbe totslcost. Tbe next in extent is the Coliban scheme at Maluisbury, for tbe sup* plj of the Castiemaine aad Sandhurst districts, where a supply of 2£41y000,000 gallons bas bees secured at aa expense of £299,416. This is equal to about four-ninths, or Qeariy one-half tint of Melbourne, at one-fifth nearly of the cost. At Sandhurst there appear to be three reservoirs, which store 537,000,000 gallons, and they have cost £?25,000. Tbe smallest reservoir is at Kchaea, containing 40,000 gallons, and the cost is sat down at £2,748. The uses to which the supplies dmwn from these works axe applied are various. Tbe majority of them are no doubt principally intended to meet domestic reqoireaieatg is large censes of population. Xaayoftseat are applied to tbe furtherance of mining operations, and some are used for irriga tion. It v to works of the last descrip tion that we must in some naeasme look in future for the improvement of oar agricultural and ?w of ?w pas toral bads; and we hope at an early date to place before our leaders facts which will justify the public in lookjag to Parlia ment at no distant date far a scheme of general water supply which w3l meet oar greatest and most argent wast, aad place our colony in that respect more nearly on a level with oar neighbors than we are at the present time. In the Gazette of .Thursday but are pub lished new pastoral regulations for the Northern Territory. We observe that most of the busi?es? in connection with the leasing of the waste buds in that part of the province wi& be transacted at Palmerston, though this may not appear upon a cursory perusal of tbe regulations. | They speak of the rnmiiawionwr and taw j CtautU: but by previous legislation it bas j been provided that the Oovatnaas?t Resi dent at Port Banna ahull act asCosaaus skmer in aaattess comcted with Oat Crowe baas of tie Kdrifcera lVrrilory; and ft has als* bseat oaaotsd that any -mfjtj. li ??? ll ~ lit A.I SMlmm. ii^m^t VOWwBI vaNUBBBna ?( S^BSBSr* •toe rial answer the pupate of Ok Ommnmmd OmmUbe. His butt shooM be, fcr it wooM be a gross ob~ sorditytocoamd pezwms wishing to bay or lease land is the Karthen IVaiterr to am to Adelaide to effect the Irsmartfoa. Yet this was tbe style in which tbe afbaa ofthataepmae^of&KrtaAaatimlkwtm; mSMB^ KOT vQwDO hHHL SDR OHOS1 W ?• wu^nqnifMl detoys hare teen ibs> periencedbraasneaf Che few persons seek ing to settle apan the sag, er to bfloanw poesefaedoflandtlwre. 8?? matters will etiH be referred to the Governor ia Cowrf, at whose discretion ran* will or sa?f be forfeited, on poof boas; fanaviwd Owt tin firaper sraiber of ttv* etock we not kept tqxn the land. H?e GoTfamor ia Coondl wi? deride whst coodilio? rioll be ioMated is kum far tho protection rf the mbariginw, tb? rifffat of Uw pfliJic to fnvd ?nr tbe knd, v ?d to the Crown tie right of ?endk% them, for minerals, or far ?nj paipon of pdUie defense, nfetj, improresneot, or nUl^.' There i* • hhuder fcwe, bermaae the r%ht of the Oown to auuicb for inimirii is asrafij a nullitT, at th? Crown nerer doe* seaich for minenlii, msA arobAh/ wwdhl Dot find ?7 if h did. It m the public to vham this liberty U wnaiij f bat BepH blion 8 izrfereotidUy forbids iroapectiiv for pM copper, ?t toy other ntonloa bund tint k let to eqoOten at Od.a?|?u? mile. Tiik regulation wifl not ontrid? aa exiting Act of PSnlia?wnC, hat it ?w BBadraahle to snake ihea ritali Tb? Goreraor in Coowai will aspeiat aaaw pencil or ptwcm t> tdhe imjwn rumarti o? re*erred lands; aaaj forfeit ieaw>nec?> coted, or ?b whidb the net hat sot ham paid; aad *nBl decide wiwUter anraat Inees stall be iaraed of kadi ia Haadnrfa, We ahoald iaMgiaethetdepafli ?ifl ?a vorfaA ia ??a?e4io? vitatUiExac?ttff* hm?Kea,arthedc4ajswffi|?aHiom. Aa an the inrorawtHn nut torn bum the offidab of the Northern TenifcKj, aMataf tin woA aUajbt be an??a*9r tad advaa tageoadh/ paCanaal there. He tenuo? ?kiefc gn?m ?a obtefc mm north of the SOth decree if bliaiiU are liberal cnoagk. IU tana of |h* ordiaarr agaattiag leaaMamot tocs?taad 25 yean; teat, pafaUc awaa% it ad* vaaoe, Gd. per aaaare aule for th* fin* aevc?, aad 10t for the wiariailui of the tens; ana of ran few 85to ff* rrihr IVe raaanatae atoched within tame pva at die rate of at kaat two head of gnat cattle, or ten head of abeep or other aaaril cattle, per mile. Applitatioa* tor laaaw BHut he awde ia writing to Ilii r*iiinaala eioner at Palmefflton, or fin Oaiwjia> Genetal, in Adelaide, ana amtooataia* dear deamptice af the rtm app&i; for, and be aooojapaaied by a plaa. Afpfi catknaattdeto the Smrreyar-Geaanlwffl be retmd, aabjact to adviea, fnat th* Commiannacr at ftiawraUiai that the had has BoCpnvwawj bees appiidl for. Saud laneous applk*tioM wiD be decided bj lot- Waste hods that hare bnea bold nder lease, bat have, reverted to the Oiowa, araat be pat ap for lease hj aactioa at aa iipeet rent of Sa. ALper afaava aale. The aqvtten are liable to taxation aad aana? mwtuniSootbAiiatimliaprapflr. VaaoM awtten of detail, pnari^afh/ oiaactol with tbe mode of appbeatmaadtaekaa* of At hsmm, are dealt with in then??- Jatkoa. Next come the aaaaal leasea, aad the Gtat Kg^atke trader that bead auUmiaea the gnurting, if die Governor n Oiaadiabail tbiukfit, of a* amwal kaw of the we aji|Hupritfd and w?—rwyed waatehflrfaia eaca Handled ?to pemaa) being the lessees of those waste bad* which were resented on tbe proclamation of tha Handled for tbe resdne of the tens* for which anch leases are graated.*' If tbeaa leases aze not applied for mnaaaDj thej wiU be forfeited, and, aa with all other forfeited leases, will be pot op for sale bj •actio?. Any knd mtikh, btriat bfioa resumed for rnwimnnagc or other piiniiwja^ is found not to be required for aaca p?r poeee, majbeindiided again in tbe lease from which it was taken. Commonage licences allow two bead of gnat cattle or twelve small cattle far every five acres of pmdisjed Iwd. nsJeai tlw OoavnusMaaT byootjoe in tbe Gmaetu, shsl fir a less mnxtber. Arnold there not be ewm^i eom monagefordwimniberaf caide nsmseatoi lytheapptourta, there will be arateslao ledactaon, aooordmg to tbe a was of land on account of Vhich tbe apyTJHsfh— ata made; and where tbe eoasmoaafe m ia exoeai of tbe ana nfoimd to aajgfy ?f -firiiatinia ir a hwgpr anwiii wiO he afiawad ia proportion to the extent of tbe pareaassd and of each apylinwrt AhopKher, tkoogn in miiwr <btt3f these rctjoatians m%ht p^r* ** *•* proved, we do not think ffcey cat b? thought bjrldmr in liberality. Ifaayooaf jUmt? arise they *3 be not agaiast tbs epstem, and we can only bops Halt these wffl be no cause for dinnatirfarrina) oononniag the masser ia wkkk atuasV nnsistend. Or* QnctmAad tefegnm, wfakfc we fwfc lkb tliie nxmaag, gives • brief aoooaat ?f ?b extMradinury journey peiftiiMel far £mt men frou Part Eanagum to ttiifcMni Tbey most lave tnvdled over 1/100 bQm, sad ae?n to have taJoen m. new rate, M tbey did aot meet whJb * angle irtu^t M? Upon tbk poaflt tke telngnu is not ?Hf ciemr, as ?f comae tkey nut hn* ?mh Eoropeans befor tiny nadted Briihwiv l?t?il?UTvkati?aM?nt m, tlut lor • tbomand ali%?l sat mm ?wkH? face, timda tk* had asm te 4? wi* A? Mad? Umw iWy waacd. and tonal in M partly eaten by these Bavages. Most of the country these daring travellers passed over was poor and hilly, but they found it best near the coast, and discovered, north of Cooktown, a river Sowing- through rich land fit for tropical cultivation. Their wanderings through the wilderness lasted -three months, but one of their number had not long before been two months and a half "voyaging in an open boat from the Lacepede Islands, on the North-West Coast, to Port Essington. He had been decoyed, to the islands, and apparently deserted by the captain of a bng that loaded guano there and then sailed for Mauritius, instead of going to South Auetealia as he announced was his intention. The four overlanders discovered wreck? along the eastern coast, one of them being that of a fair-sized Teasel partly copper laden. Another consignment of ironwork for j the Port Bridge has arrived in the Xtunuymede. On Thursday communication was inter- j rupted on the Port Darwin Telegraph Line : beyond Powell Creek. j Mr. G. C. Hawker, M.P., has contributed £25 to the Angas Contingent Building Fond of the Bushmen's Clnb. The next Local Court of Full Jurisdiction will be held in Adelaide, on Friday, January 12. The annual meeting of the Commercial Travellers' Association will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. His Excellency the Governor held a Council on Thursday, at which all the Ministers were present. A quarter of an inch of rain is reported to have fallen on Wednesday, December 20, at the Hon. W. Doffield's Station, Wienterriga, on the Darling. The Government have received a tele j>ram from the Agent-General, in which it is stated that the Alumbagh has Bailed from Eng land .for this colony with 355 immigrants ; and that representatives of two large firms of rul way contractors leave for Adelaide by the January tthml. From what the Narracoorte paper can learn, the crops in that district are looking only middling. The late hot weather did not do them any good. The yield of the wheat crops will be from 10 to 12 bnshels an acre. The hay crop has not been nearly bo large as last year, bat the quality is much better. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph I/me: — Beltaua, fine; Strangways Springs, fine; Peake, fine; Charlotte Waters, fine; Alice Springs, fine, warm; Barrow Creek, fine; Tennant Creek, fine; Powell Creek,dear, warm. TheTainfalll>etween9a.m.on Wednesday and the same hour on Thursday is registered -as follows: — Powell's Creek] 0130 "Willunga ... 0.085 Blinm&n; ... o*lso NormanviHe... 0015 Kadina ... 0-050 Mount Barker oi?s Tammda ... 0~030 Narracoorte ... o*o9o Gnmeracha ... 0120 j Nothing was done with regard to the -case of Mr. W. V. Smith at the meeting of the ExeeutiveCoiincil.held on Thursday. Thematter has been referred to the Judges for their "report, •which has not yet been received. It is unlikely the Executive will take any action till they have the report of their Honors. The exhibition of pictures at the Re freshment Boom is the Town Hall is Bfcill open, and considerable additions have been made to it during the past week. Kb Excellency the Governor, with his Private Secretary, paid the e-dubitkn a visit on Thursday. We are told that Sir Anthony expressed hiTn?>lf much pleased with what he saw. An accident occurred to a little boy, named William McGahisk, on Wednesday, December 27. Mr. McG&bisk; was riding after some sheep, when the youngster got in the way and was knocked down. The horse trod on his left leg, inflicting a severe cat above the ankle, but fortunately not breaking any bones. The sufferer was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital. We have already mentioned that Mr. A. J. Edmunds is to perform the duties of Special Magistrate at Wallaroo, daring the absence of Mr. Shepherd-son, who has twelve months' leave. We may now add that Mr. Edmunds takes Mr. CHaUoran's place as Special Magistrate on the provisional and temporary list. Mr. Edmunds's appointmeat is gazetted this week. The Melbourne Argia states that "Sir James M'Oulloch and Mr. Bamsay will most probably represent Victoria at the conference to be held in Sydney on duplicate cable com munication. Mr. McGowan, of the Telegraph department, will probably accompany them as professional adviser on the subject. The con ference will also take into consideration the sub ject of postal communication.'' The steamer Ariel was stuck fast in the Biver Darling, near Wienterriga, the Hon. W. Duffield's station, on Thursday, December 21. The vessel was snagged and has sunk, but the water being not very deep she is being lightened, and it is intended to pump her out. Two other vessels are detained until she can be raised and ' got out of the way. The traffic on the Darling is considered to be nearly over for the present ?easen. When the intercolonial steamers are sighted, we shall distinguish those belonging to tbe different companies, by hoisting their -respective house flags over the usual tricolor. The Adelaide Steamship Company's flag is a blue cross upon a -white ground, with a red star in the centre; while Messrs. McMeckan, Black wood, b Co.'s flag is blue with five white stars, and in the centre a brown emu ou a white ground. John Dudley, -who a few nights ago stabbed his wife on North-terrace, was brought before Mr. Beddome, charged with the offence, on Thursday morning, and was remanded until Tuesday next. It was decided on Thursday morning, as Mrs. Dndley was dangerously ill, to take her depositions, and the City Coroner went to the Hospital for that purpose. It was found, however, that there had been a slight improve ment in her state, and the depositions were not taken. We are informed that it was intended to have gazetted this week the appointment of members of several Boards of Advice, under the Education Act, but in con?equencj of gentlemen who have been asked t > serve not having yet intimated their willing ness to act if 'appointed, the formal appoint ments are necessarily delayed till next week. We understand that six districts have been de fined in the South-East, and two in Southern Yorke'fl Peninsula, and that the members of the Boards for these districts hare been chosen. Other districts and Boards are in course of de finition and selection. Mr. Linthwaite reported at the Police Barracks on Thursday morning having found the body of a man in the Biver Torrens, near the Victoria Bridge, and behind the Railway Sheds. The body did not appear to have been in the Tatar any great length of time, and where it was lying the water was quite shallow. The body was identified by a lodger in the Railway Boarding- House.North-terraco, as that of Walter Fflmer, who had been living with him for some time, and who left his home at 9 o'clock on the previous evening. The deceased was in ill health, and had been attended, we are told, by two doctors. An inquest will be held this . morning. A great many devotees at the shrine of . Bacchas were arrested by the police on Saturday evening, December 23, and as the cells were full* and the Government holidays lasted until the following Thursday, Mr. Peterswald, J.P. (Superintendent of Police), sat as Magistrate on j Sunday, and disposed of 22 cases. He thus relieved the police of a heavy burden, allowed room for new .comas, and afforded those who had commenced their Christmas libations rather early an opportunity of enjoying, if their heads permitted, a Christmas dinner. Mr. Peterswald also disposed of six cases on Monday, eleven on Tuesday,-and the same number on Wednesday. On the last-named day, Mr. J. M. Solomon, J.P., sat with Mr. Peterswald. Notwithstanding these clearings-up, there were a great many cases of drunkenness, and offences arising oat of it, brought before Mr. Beddome ou Thursday. Several of the defendants pleaded in extenuation that it was Christmas time. It is stated in the Southern Argus that "on Christmas Day the Mermaid, the new little steam launch belonging to Messrs. Goaie ,of Goolwa, was placed upon the river and made her first trip. Following in the wake of the Tyro Bhe steamed with a few gentlemen to the Murray Mouth, and her speed and steering capabilities were very much admired by those on board. This diminutive steamer was built on the Yarra, and measures 28 feet from stem to stern, and fivefeet in beam. Her donkey engine of two horse-power works to 60 lbs., driving a diminu tive screw with tremendous velocity, whilst her steam is quickly generated in a super-heating boiler filled with tubes. She also carries sail ing gear, and on her return from the Mouth against wind and current, with 17 passengers on board aud a dingy in tow, she showed that her lines and trim were just the thing to skim the water in'splendid style. On the next day, at the regatta, the Mermaid again astonished and amused a large crowd of people by her manoeuvring here there and yonder just as she pleased. We belive she is intended by Messrs. Goode for use in trade on the lakes, &c;, but if [ she could be obtained occasionally by small | pleasure parties for a day's cruise, we should ! imagine she woald also be a great acquisition to enjoyment at Goolwa and profit to her owner. "On Monday afternoon," writes the Southern Argus, of December 28, "Miss Mary McFarlane, third daughter of our old aud re spected townsman, Mr. C. D. McFarlane, met with a painfully severe and well-nigh fatal ac cident, which will render her an invalidfor some time to come. It appears that the young lady had just seated herself in her brother's trap, to which were attached two spirited horses, the reins being held by Mr. J. M. McFarlane and Mr. T. Edmeades (formerly of Strathalbyn). Some trouble having been experienced in mount ing, Mr. Edmeades let go his rein to procure a box to place near the Imp to enable Mrs. and Miss McFarlane to get up more easily. At the same time Mr. MacFarlane let go his hold too for the same purpose, and the horses feeling themselves free immediately started. The latter sprang to the reins, but not getting a good hold could not control the horses, which galloped away from the yard in which they had been standing to the passage to the stxeet. In endeavoring to stop the animals there Mr. McFarlane got his right arm dragged and severely bruised against the wall. After doing bis best to hold the horses, to save himself he was obliged to let them go, when they rushed madly across the street, bringing the trap into contact with the corner-post of High and Swale -streets. Miss McFarlane was thrown out with great violence Rome distance, and was picked up insensible, her head in particular being very badly cat and bruised. Dr. Blue at once attended the unfor tunate young lady, who still lies in a very pre carious state. The trap was smashed almost to atoms, so violent was the collision. The news of the accident spread quite a gloom over the township, Miss McFarlane being a general favorite, and many beyond her large circle of friends will regret to learn of her dangerous accident. We trust that under the skilful treatment of Dr. Blue she may soon recover." We clip the following paragraph from the Strathalbyn paper:—"On Christmas Day the river steamer Tyro was most liberally placed at the disposal of the trustees of the Wesleyan Chapel at Goolwa by its owner, Capt. Shetliffe, and a very large party availed themselves of this opportunity of an excursion to the Murray Mouth and mouth of the Coorong. About 11 o'clock several truck loads of visitors poured into Goolwa from Strathalbyn and theSonthern towns; and the steamer—one of the most com modious and comfortable boats on the river, especially for such excursions as this—was quickly swarmed with pleasure-hunters, so much so that it was found necessary to find more accommodation. Capt. Shetliffe then most good- naturedly had his barge Ellen made fast alongside, and the decks of both steamer and barge were well filled with about 400 passengers. The weather was splendid. Though the sun at times gave out rather a warm reception, there was a delicious south breeze blowing, which made it thoroughly enjoyable. The Tyro steamed away from the wharf shortly after 11 o'clock with its joyous human freight, and a delightful trip was ir—le down the river to a point beyond the Month of Hhe Murray, 'where a landing was effected. The party soon spread in groups over the sandhills and on the beach of the Southern Ocean. Many who saw the Murray Month for the first time could not help expressing sur prise that it was not made more use of; at the time there seemed to be no obstacle whatever to free communication with the ocean outside. It seems monstrous that the question of opening so noble a river as the Murray to the world without should have been so neglected; but we still hope the day is not far distant when a satis factory solution will be propounded. After an enjoyable stroll for an hour or so in the neigh borhood, a start was made for the return, and the steamer safely landed all her precious cargo at about 4 o'clock, every one having heartily enjoyed the treat. We should not omit to mention that Captains Shetliffe and Johnstone, and the Rev. Mr. Lee, and others were most enthusiastic in their attention to the con venience and comfort of the large body of visitors, for whom also refreshments were supplied inabundance onboard at a very liberal tariff. Altogether the trip was most pleasant, and we should imagine will turn in a good ronnd sum to the credit of the Goolwa Wes leyan Church." There was rather a small attendance at Lo-Lo'e Crystal Palace Combination Company's Entertainment, at White's Rooms, on Thursday j evening. The programme of the preceding evening was repeated with success, and some songs, which were contributed by Mr. T. Mar gette, were well received. Mr. Arthur Vivian will take his benefit this evening, when there will be an extra programme. TheFaMr of Oolu wasfavored withagood attendance on Thursday evening. The audience ? expressedtheirappreciationof the performances by loud and frequent applause. Mrs. and Mr. Empson succeeded in bringing the house down with their amusing songs. The spectral pan tomime created much amusement. The ghost drametta, in which Mr. A, Silvester, Jan., is the principal performer, was well carried out, and the illusion was admirably sustained. The Bellringers -were well patronised at the Town Hall, on Thursday evening. The different tones played on the bells were cleverly performed, every note being clearly and correctly produced. Mr. F. Verten's songs and dances completely brought down tho house, his sailor's hornpipe being heartily en cored. The evening's entertainment ended with "Dr. Brown's Dispensary,'' which is a very laughable farce. An entire change of pro gramme is announced for this evening, in cluding several novelties. To all who wish to attend an enjoyable entertainment we would say pay the Lynch Family a visit. ?^""Messrs. Townsend, Botting, and Co. re quest the special attention of Timber Mer chants, Contractors, Builders, and others, te their Sale of the -Cargo of the Planter, from HobartTown. Sale at the Port, This Day, at 11 o'clock. 