Ooiti_i_erei»l. Coohieb' Office, Friday Evening. Tills Customs revenue collected at the port of Brisbane to-day amounted to £040 9s. 3d. The Customs duties received yesterday were as follow ;? Spirits . .... £205 0 10 Wine .... .... 27 16 5 Beer, bulk and bottled ... 2 24 3 0 Oil. .'.. 'as.. .... '.' 0 3 0 Tobacco and snuff...' .... 74 12 6 Cigars . 54 2 6 Tea.. 54 16 Coffee and chicory..'. 18 15 0 Sugar 3 11 : 7 Rice. 12 16 8 Butter.' ..." 0 8 4 Ad Valorem . .'. 69 12 0 Lightdues 1 15 2 Pilotage .... 4 0 0 All other imports ... -.. 174 7 5 £720 15 it Business in the import markets during the week has shown but little animation, and no improvement can now hardly be looked for until the opening of next that in one or two lines a few speculative transactions are reported, but sorting up orders and general trade very quiet. Stocks are becoming more equalised, several parcels recently landed from the numerous oversea arrivals at the beginning of the month having been previously sold to arrive. The principal feature of the week has been the advance in kerosine, several large lines having changed hands up to 3s. for diamond, and 3s. 3d. for Devoe's, which were the ruling prices yesterday ; the firm who last week cleared the. market have resold at considerably advanced rates the whole of their purchases. Latest advices report the market at Melbourne firm at 2s. 6d. for Diamond and 2s. 9d. for Devoe's, equal to 8s. 2d. and 3s. 5d. duty paid here. Castor oil is also dearer. In brandies there has hardly been so much doing, as nearly all the shipments afloat and advised to arrive may now be considered to have passed from first hands. Sales of Hennessy's case in stock are reported at 345. and at 33s. to arrive ; bulk, enquiry almost nominal, is quoted at 9s., and other brands at proportionate rates. For five-medal candles 12d. per lb. is now required, and for two-medal 11d. As the summer advances, and stocks at this period of the season diminish, bulk ales are becoming firmer, but prices for bottled ales and stout, with both of which the market is amply supplied, are without alteration. Coarse salt is dearer, and selling at £3 5s. per ton. Corrugated iron is again cheaper, assorted parcels of Gospel Oak being offered at £33 per ton, but we hear of sales of this brand much below this figure. Currants? prime fruit worth 7d. per lb. Quotations for other lines in usual demand show no material alteration, with the exception of cornsacks, which are now worth up to 9s. per dozen, a rise of 6d. being reported from Melbourne, in which market we also learn all kinds of tinned fish are held for advanced rates. The agents of the leading brands of Adelaide flour still ask £15 10s. per ton, and report business as none too brisk. During the week the Lass of Gawler and Wodonga have arrived from Adelaide with 338 tons of sundry brands. In sugars we can report a moderate amount of business. Ration qualities are not in such demand, sales of this class having been made at £23. Good dry rations, however, are quoted at £24 to £25 ; low counters, £25 10s. to £27 10s. medium, £28 to £30 ; good, £31 10s. to £33 10s. ; whites, £35 10s. to £37 10s. Prices current in the produce market are as follow Maize, 2s. 5d. to 2s. 7d. per bushel ; fair demand for local consumption, but for shipping parcels extremely limited. Bran, £9 to £9 10s. per ton. Potatoes : Queensland, £4 to £4 10s. per ton ; imported, nominal. Wollon- gong butter, 120.; cheese, 4d. and bacon, 7d. to 9d. per lb., according to quality. Onions, £16 to £18 per ton. Oaten hay, nominal, at £5 ; lucerne, £4 10s. to £5 and chaff from £4 10s. to £5 per ton. Latest Sydney quotations are as follow Best maize, 2s. 10d. to 2s. 11d.; oaten hay, £7 10s. to £8 10s.; lucerne, £2 10s. to £3. Cheese, 8d. to 10d.; bacon, 6d. to 8d. Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co., stock and station agents, Brisbane, report, under date November 23 :? Stations. We have to report little actual business having been done in station property, owing, in a great measure, to the low prices that have been ruling for wool for some time past in the London market, As we anticipated, however, these low prices have been only temporary, as late advices speak of a rise of 2d. to 3d. per lb. in the opening of the London November sales, and now we expect that several negotiations for some large properties will be completed. Cattle stations, especially lightly stocked western, are greatly sought after, and command! good prices. Cattle. Store cattle are in demand, and a fair amount of business has been transacted in this class of stock, although operations have been restricted by the dryness of the season in various parts of the colony and the consequent difficulty in travelling. Prime fat cattle sell well and realise good prices, but middling and inferior are difficult of sale at anything like a fair price. Sheep The market for fat sheep is fully supplied, and great reduction inprieohiiB taken place during the last month. Store sheep are almost unsaleable, and the few buyers in the market will only purchase at a very low rate. Sales. Since our last report we have sold on account of Messrs. John Collins and Sons, Morney Plains Station, Gregory South, with 1000 head of cattle at £10 per head, horses at £11, stores and sundries at a valuation ; Mr. Hugh Hamilton purchaser. On account of the executors of the late Mr. William Tyson, Border, 500 head mixed cattle on Gordousheet, Cunnamulla, at £3 15s.; Messrs. Milson and De Satge, purchasers. On account of Mr. H. C. Lethbridge, 1000 female cattle on Forest Vale Station at £4; Messrs. M'Ilwraith and Smythe, purchasers. On account of Messrs. Mackay and Caswell, 250 heifers on Cannindah, and on account of Mr. H. D. Caswell, 250 heifers on Tenningering, in all 500 at £4 ; Mr. John Robertson, purchaser. On account of Messrs. Hill and Mosman, 1000 heifers on Avington, at £4; Messrs. W. Fraser and Co., purchasers. On account of Messrs. Marshall and Slade, Glengallan, 43 bulls at satisfactory prices; Mr. Thomas Cadell, purchaser. On account of Messrs. Hill and Mosman, 174 fat bullocks, at £7 5s., delivered at Dalby ; Mr. F. Ramsay, purchaser. On account of the Scottish Australian Investment Company, limited, 251 fat cows from Mount Cornish, at £0 15s, j the Co-operative Butchering Company, purchasers. And on account of Messrs. Hudson and Moore, 2820 wethers from Bindebango, at 7s. 6d.; the Hon. James Taylor, purchaser. Sydney. Messrs. Mort and Co.'s produce circular of Saturday last reports :? Woolscour catalogue for this week's rule Included 2000 miles. We had a large attendance of buyers, and after spirited competition, most of the lot offered were disposed of at what cannot but iRiregardod as highly satin factory prices viz., ltd. to meet, for fleece, and 74. to lead. for greasy. Purchasers are now operating freely, with a view of availing of the opportunity offered for shipment per Whampoa, s in order to catch the London February men We are glad to notice that our anticipa- tions of an improved market at the current London sales has no far been entrusted, a London press telegram, published yesterday, stating :?" The London colonial wool sales opened yesterday. The total arrivals todatoaniount to upwards of 170 000 bales, and anon were held over from last sales Upwards of 7000 bales have been offered. Cape wool preponderate. The attendance of both home and foreign buyers in large, and biddings commenced with great Dilli it. Prices aluminium average advance of 3d. per lb." Values obtainable here now being exceedingly good, we would HiiKKi-Ht. for woolgrowers' consideration, whether it is not expedient to avail of the opportunity of offering their trw] fur Kilt., in this market before 'rinking ship credit. Sheepskins were in all in request, and permitted SO lots at sold. to 11d. for fair to full-fleeced, and had. to add for peltaaiiiUhort-woollcd. Leather: There was a much better demand at auction this week, but without any material advance! in price, mile leather being in the greatest favor. Wo putted a considerable quantity at quotations, viTi ? Kip, Ltd. to Ind.: calf, ?_>*. to 2s. "ld.; linen tweed, 18d. to 22d.; day tweed, 17d. to 22d.; Hole, 7.1.1 to 3½d.; James, Hand. to hand. per lb. Hides were in short supply for yesterday's sales, and consisted mainly of light and inferior conditioned, Heavies are wanted at from -Hill. told. per lb.: and the general result of the sales indicates an improved market. Quotations? Light to medium, 4d. to 4d., heavies, side. to -the.; inferior, equal. to 4d. per lb. Horse hides, in ghost condition and of fair sizes, are sale able at his, (o 74. iii), each : are small and ill-conditioned, as, to as. The supply is at present limited. Kangaroo Skins : Market firm for large sizes, well cured, at 15s. to 20s. per dozen, and for second quality, (is. to 12s. per dozen. Horsehair is in demand at 11d. to sail. for tall, 11d. to 12d for insane, and not. to 17d. for mixed. Horns and alianklKilies, sell freely at 15s, to 28s. per KW for the former, and 67 10s. to sell per ton for hliiuikboiio* in good order. Tallow in moderate supply and good demand at last week's rates. Uah for shipment and trade pm raised. Quotations may be given as follows Roof, fair to grant, £!V> to year ; Inferior, £28 to to 10s.; milled, CW to CW; mutton, N.W to Mr 10s.; the latter continued scarce. ' Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, writing on Saturday, last, reports :?,--.¦' ' Tin Ore: 0202 pts, amounting to over 300 tons, have arrived during, the past week. Trade in the largest quantity in one week for a very long time part,' but, notwithstanding this, there it ready sale for any offering at the top prices of the previous week. The bulk of that coming forward a Bill smelted on producers' account and shipped to London. We quote the market very firm, and report having sold a considerable quantity of ore since our last report at very satisfactory rates. The Only a limited quantity offering, and large orders on hand that are not executed cause a very brisk demand, and prices are now much higher than we have had for months inst. We have disposed of SO tons since our last report. 