MISCELLANY. A CRYSTAL GHOST.-A glass shade. REHABK-ABLE PEOPLE.-^Talkative folk. ; AN EVERGREEN.-A man who does not learn by experience. SSUSPENDED ANIMATION.-A spider hanging at the end of a web. 1 WHAT is that which flies high, flies low, has no feet, and yet wean shoes ?-Dust THE FIRST HAN WHO ETEB WENT ROUND THB WORLD.-He man in the moon. i WHY should ft man always wear a watch when be travels in a waterless desert H-Because every watch hn a spring in It. < A CELEBRATED gourmet once stud-"To enjoy a stuffed turkey thoroughly, there should be Only two present-yourself and-the turkey." " THE rich," said a Dutchman, explaining his liking for Botthdown mutton, " eat venison be cause it ish deer. I eat mutton because it Ish sheep." A SAB ANTONIO sexton is very particular in giving name, age, aex, and previous condition erf the people Be buries. One entry reads: "Died-John Smith, male, aged three days, unmarried." IK a conversation about pictures, some one spoke o< a painting by Sir Kartin Archer Shee, R.A., and, turning to Lamb, asked him if be had seen the picture by Shoe. Lamb remarked that it would be more grammatical to say w by Her." CAUTIOUS NIGGER.-At the marriage of an Alabama widower, one of the servants was asked if bis master would take a bridal Jour. "Dunno, sah; when old missus's alive he took a paddle to her; dunno if he take a bridle to de new one or not." THE MARITAL POINT OF ATTACK.-A hen pecked huBband said, in extenuation ot bis wife's raids upon his Scalp," You see, she takes her own hair off so easily die doesn't know how it hurts to have mine pulled out.". YOUTHFUL ACCURACY.-A youngster, while warning his hands over the kitchen fire, was remon strated with by his father, who said," Go 'way from tbe stove; the weather is not cold." The little fellow, looking up demurely at his stem parent, re plied," I aint heating the weather, I am warming my hands." UNENCUMBERED.-Policeman-" Where d' yer live?" Lost child-"Boo-oo! Don't know!" Policeman-''Who's yer father and mother?' Lost child-"Ain't got none." Policeman (perplexed) " An yer married I" Lott child-"No." Policeman (relieved)-"Ab, sbnre, thin ye're all right! Away yon go r (Crowd dispersea)-Punch. DURING a recent examination of a class of youngsters in one of tbe Chemung county (N. Y.), schools, tbe teacher asked: "What is a monarchy!" and wtf immediately answered by a bright little fiiglit-year-old boy: " A country governed by a King." "who would rule if the King should die}" "The Queen." "And if the Queen should die, who, then, would be ruler ?' " The Jack." A FEW days ago an elegantly dressed lady got into a oar, and, although the day was cool, shp could not Wear her gloves, on account of her many diamond rings. A baulky hone having twice stopped the car, the l*dywent to the door, and, looking at the team for a few moments, said to the driver:-" That 'ere off horse ain't used to be druv on that 'ere Bide." And that was just the trouble, in spite of the dia monds. THE BRITON ABROAD.-An inquisitive but badly-posted Briton went down to visit Mount Vernon not long since, and after making many inquiries, and noting down the answers, he said to the Soperin- * tyndent: " AH! may I hack you if General Washing ion was in the harmy V 'He was, sir," replied the tuperintendent. 'And on which Bide, union or ?ebeir "Bebel, sir," was the reply, which was . arefully noted down.-American paper. UNABKED ADVICE.-A Danbury man says he never belonged to a fire oompaay; that he onoe attempted to advise the foreman ot a company at a lire. "And what did he say?' asked the interested listener. "Be didn't say anything." "He didn't like i^ did he?' " I'm sure I don't know; but as he knocked me off tbe walk with bis trumpet and stamped on me in tbe street, I have always believed that he took some offenoe at soy advice. Still he said nothing to that effect,"-Danbury News. TURNING THEM TO ACCOUNT.-An English doctor, travelling in the East, was exoessively anxious to increase his reputation at home by learning certain native methods of treating disease, ot which he had heard wonders. On one oocaHou, when on the con fines of the Great Desert, he asked an did sheik, " What do you with sick people, when they can't sleep?" Bo received ths very practical reply, "We set them to watch the camels." ! MISUNDERSTANDING.-Detroifchugbandsand wives sometimes-once in a great many years-have dispute The other dsy, when a Beech-street couple were holding an angry aigument the husband raised his bands and exclaimed," Oh, Consistency, thou art a jewel!" lbs wife at onoe tank* down, and as she sobbed she gasped out," You saw her attheopera, I suppose; but, if she had to split wood, wash dishes, and take Oars ot six children, she wouldn't look any better*n I do- hoo!" DISGUSTED WITH ZEBRAS.-A Yankee mena gerie-man, who bought a eebra from an individual who said he had Just arrived from Africa with tbe animal, kept bis purchase Closely confined in its cage for several weeks, until it needed cleaning badly; and then he led it down to the creek, and gave it a good Scrubbing for half an hour. At the end of that time the menagerie-man was surprised to perceive that the zebra's stripes bad entirely disappeared. And now if anybody wishes to buy an able-bodied and energetic mul& wananted to be kind In single harness, and not to suffer (rom home slokness because it cant get hade to Africa, such an article can be procured ol this menageric-man, Who is disgusted witn zebras. ADMONISHINGA BISHOP.-On a late ooca cdon the Bishop ot Exeter was present at the opening of an additional room to the mii*ion scboolhouse at Briifcam. litre watUb full choral service in the church. The Bishop WW present, but took no part in the service; he seated himself among the congregation quite at the lower end of the building; Sr. Sample admits that be has no knonlsdn ot music; but stilL on this occasion, he tried to do his best, so he Joined , In the singing. Suddenly ha felt the elbow of a neigh Sur thrust Unpleasantly hard into hit ribs. Looking md to see from what quarter the assault cams, he nttioed a sailor, who exclaimed, "I say, gur'nor, you're singing ont o'tun r ? , (CONSOLATION - IN GRIEF.-Solomons and Hlischleld were .partnsn in tjie ready- made clothing £&, i8TOa"«2&y3tsr.;: quantity of gooos after the melancholy event, ol which, however, be was unaware, Solomons met him at the door.eJrtped insoJemn Mfetouud «<»<?»«? bands in ilnoit tpndkliii aogulsh that iilitrwiiil &VMSH;»i3&aR;££ Many and many a time, m becoddn'tiMt wmS51 elbow, and tike bm broth, he thayton^tehTlf l r <wuld only tbM Utthv iWuthon tfftxTI Aadih»» Jf 4W» MJittoerlTerguthon, tht liat wordsMfbky to me were, *Tholomons, Ten Mistfaer FerguthoDOotneZ > Jfter rmgone, be thure you thell him thegoodiM*: thewerylowestprioe.' And I vflj,too.lfiaherKT guthan. Vat shall I thow you V ' f TAOOB Phoosophy.-A young man from ?' the agricultural districts was lately inatailortshoo' getting measured for a vest. " Itairledor unmankd?* ] queried the tailor, after taklngdown the number. <! riw!?'AMid, .the 7ounK Ww* with » bluth.' P0**®'on the left hand aide then," observed > Jfc'*^£or,MI ?.i°111 m*Ungr a memorandum to teat effect. After a (aw moments' pause the youne ' toan mi prompted to ask, .. What dfiarenoe doesmy being married or unmarried »n*iq> as to the <»i«mS , pocket of the veet?' " Ah, ray dear sir," observed the ' tailor, with a bland smile, -'all i he difference poMible.1 as yon .moat see. Being unmarried, yon want the > pocket on the loft ild6| so u to bring thfl yotuif tody's picture next to vow heart." <' Bat doeen't the married ' man also want hie wife's picture next to bia heart?* - qutried the anidoua youth, " Possibly there is an * instance of that klhd," said the tailor, arching his 1 eyebrows, " but 1 never heard ot it." ! All FOB Pbihciple.-They came out of a ' Michigan-avenue grocery, he carrying a bis jug, and - M the? reached the walk, he Bald: "Now, Dolly, you cany the jug and give me that quarter ot a pound ot ' tea. " I'd like to see myself!" abe replied. *. Dolly, i do you want to see your .husband lugging an old broira . jug through the crowded Btreeta of the metropolis-do ' you want others to see him?1 "Come along with tin ]ug!"ebe impatiently exclaimed. "Dolly, there's . gallon of molasses in here, and we know it: but ererp body else will think it's whiskey if I carry it" " Le*. 'em think." "Dolly, if you love me yon will carry tho jig." "I won't cariy ft" "ThenI wont! I've sot twice as much characttr to sustain se you have !" ' " Snstaln it then," she Said, a« she started for tha waggon around the corner. He called to her. bat she , did not answer. Giving the big jug a terrible swing . in the air, he let go his hold, and it *»"»* down with an awful crash. " 'leases to nothing to principle [" ha explained to the little crowd, and then followed or* after Dolly.-Detroit Free Frees. GENUINE Philahthbopy. -An a gentleman; - was passing along the Strand the other day he w»* startled by a tremendous crash, and on toning round he found that a van laden with lamp-glasses had cc ino ' into oolllsion with another vehicle, and a number of the glasses were smashed, lamp glasses, thouglt expensive to boy, are very cheaply manufactured; but owing to the prevailing ignorance of the secrets of tha glass trade, the bystanders on the present occa&ioir; seemed quite awe-struck by the damage done, and considerable sympathy was felt with the driver, who ' looked ruefully at the shattered fragments which , Strewed the ground. An elderly gentleman of bene* volent aspect eyed the chap-fallen van-driver for a mo* ment compassionately, and then Bald, " My poor man, I suppose you will have to make good the loss out of your - dwn pocket ?" "Ah, that I shall, sir," returned the van-driver, with melancholy emphasis. " Well," laid the generous philanthropist, "hold out your hat here s a shilling for jou; and I dare say some of these gentlemen will give you a helping hand, too." The van-driver held ont his hat, several gentlemen dropped > shillings into it, and humbler persons coppers, as . tokens of sympathy. At last, when the contributions had ceased, the man emptied the contents of bis into bis pocket, an<L with a knowing wink to a friend , among the bystanders, pointed out the retreating figure of the disinterested philanthropist who lad Started the subscription, and said, slowly, '"Ain't he , a leary *un? That's our governor r Showing THEM THE WAT.-He was a short man, with a bouquet in his button-hole ; and looking " off on the lake where a dozen or so boats were ekim ming the waters under the skilled strokes of the ; oarsmen, he said to himself: " I'll go oft, and show r these fellows how it is done. 1 have never been in a boat, to be sure, but it's Just as e-a-B-y. They sayit j takes practice. Nonsense! takes your granny I,. It- - takes common sense; any mail, not an idiot, can row." After relieving his mind in this manner, he raitloM - to the boat-bouse, paid 26 cents, and, settling his hat 7 over his larboard ear, stepped into the boat, and , commenced to ship the oars-thinking all the how be would make the boat travel like a thing of lite : over the water. Then he squared himself for the first stroke He imagined himself at the stroke oar of the Cornell boat; and it would i ome Into his mind that, . if he had been there, they won d have laid out Harvard for at least as other length. He caught himself looking around to see if the Dantnuy News *»«« was on the shore lying in wait for him, with a tape, to nnd the length of his arm, size of his muscle, tic. He calculated to row about 40 strokes to the minute, to be increased to 76 on a spurt, if required. It was a beautiful picture. The placid waters of the Wee, reflecting the blue Bky and fleecy clouds above, the fleet keels cutting the water In every direction, made the scene Inspiring to the last degree, and as his poetic eye took in the surrounding objects, his heart t»irly thrilled with triumphant expectation. Then he reached well forward and made a desperate grab at the water, caught it the whole length ot one oar, while the other described so arc through the immensity of space; then two very stumpy legs Mood straight up in the air, and the rest of that went into the bottom of the boat, and got tangled up with the warp and rusty bailer. Tben ne swore, and thumped him self with the ends of the oais, and barked the skin off generally, and finally got up and paddled to the sho e, with the crown out ol his hat, the reef band jerked ont ol bis pants, his bouquet ripped up by the roots, and his moral character stranded to a ropeyarn. Thin he cot out and walked off, with the remark that sotnt rple might see fun in such cussed tomfoolery, but couldnx, ffis arm was not measured.-Danbury News. THE LATE ME FOBSTBB -That Mr. Foreter's " tremendous manner " was in no degree the conae 2Uenoe of a harsh or hard nature was shown in the evotiOe with which his personal attendants served htm. The zeal and veneration with which his servant Heniy waited upon him during many years were noticed by all his friends, and wondered at by some, for when Ifr. Footer bad an attack of gout (and he Buffered cruelly in this way) his irascibility was in deed difficult to bear. Qpt Henry never appeared to notice the storms that raged over his head. He kept > quietly to his task; never answered the word ot math, never showed by his manner that it bad been uttered, and never permitted it to abate in the least degree his veneration for his master. One day, at dinner, there was not soup enough to go round the table. The host, in his sternest manner and deepest voices said, " Henry, you see there is not enough mulligatawny." Henry said quietly in his master's ear," Please, sir, there is no more soup." Where upon Forster turned with a tragedy air upon his man, and growled between his teeth, "No more mulligatawny, Henry! Let there be mors mulliga tawny !" Henry paid no attention to the out burst, but went quietly on with his ssrvioe. The storm, -he knew, had . spent Itself. The blind devotion with which Henry did his service ?? was illustrated on one occasion wnsn his master lad a dinner party. During the dinner Henry was ner vous, and made two Or three blunders. His master chafed and fumed, ana oast angry gtanoes at his etr> vant; but the poor man oould not settle quietly to his duty. At last, when the desssrt and wine had " " been placed upon the table, ht stole timidly behind air. Forster's chair andaaid: '* Please, sir, can wa ? spare me nowS My house has been on fire,the List hour and a halt." The group of literary then'and artists, of whom Kr. Forster was the Mend and ad- . viser, loved, in the summer, to meet at '"k-TT* Dit ton for an aitemoon .in the fresh air. and a dinner * by the banks of the ri ver, and Ik drive to'London in theooolof tho evening. On on^ of jfbeae oocasions, . when Count d'Oraay was present and sat next Forster, the waiters were remiss, and the gaiety ot the dlnneMable was suffering - in eonsequesos. 1 Ctount d'Oraay ate oold butter with bis flounders, in a ' quiet tone hs said to one of the attendants, "Waiter, a alloe of oold butter." . Bptnoeold hotter cams. Patiently and amiably the " count presently repeated hfs request, and again he wts doomed to disappointment Forsterhhaoveilieard ' the count, and seen the negleot with whkh.he w* ' treated. It was too much tpr lUfn.^tttohi» . opportunity to seise upon the neglectful iatus&ant;, h» 4 *"~«dJ5eroely upon Urn. and, in *i>o}oeijf *lmn3er, 1," Gracious heavens 1 waiVp.ns^SfiWldiWtUr r the flounders ot the oom»tw Xbe SreH of ths ' inded sentence est ths table in **aSFt wft-J*-"*- . j not tibs least amused otttoeowui hgh at Us owh ouibursts hsaitity. bVe, ont flay, when semrtwdy a*ked ^ any ^Udreo be had, " MmVnster lutairupUd, with an air of gnat fed,Jgpr»tet>HP<a»eri Aamy,|a>t<>. Ptovadthatioar wu tha asrectnuiaber, Fynstcr nvo I in with a laugh. BLuichwd JeieML 