LETTERS TO AN ANGLICAN ttfectOlL—HO. xkiii. 70 Blank-street, Melbourne, ../,_'•. ; . Sept. 24, 187— My. DparBeotor,—Youwrong me again Abstractedly it affords me no gratification to T^fer tb 6r to recall the memory of the Eng- ^sHjpeptl U^s, whereby from generation to generation /orBO many centuries the governing powsroMlBglandiiifliated jnich a comjjjiioation b* injuries ind insults upon the Irish peopled On tie., pontrary, it is a humiliation ajgd regret, to me. : And if the spirit whloh dictated and applied these penal laws were defunct, I should be among the first to protect 'agafysV,' the resusoitation of their infamous name.and against any revival or remembranoe of their monstrous deeds. Unfortunately their spirit is not dead. It is only disguised and turned by circumstances in a different direction. It is .latent and smoulderingand ever ready to burst forth into aflame of active hostility and practical hatred op every current occasion, as you may see by taking ap some Protestant " leading " journals where you will seldom fail to find a column or two of stupid calumny, of senseless invective, of bitter reviling,, of spiteful misjrepresentation, of deliberate lying, and of malevolent railing against the religion and worship of Catholics far better bred and better taught than their traduoets, and in all xespeots citizens of irreproachable reputation. Along with this moral persecution, even penal laws are still made and enforced against us through mere ignorant or heretical clergy who are plundered of their property tinder atheist or oommunistic pretexts. In England Catholics are excluded by law from certain State offices, and in various ways restrained by law from the free exercise of their religion; their places of worship are often invaded by ruffianly spies, note- takers, and unmannerly sight seers who disturb our devotions by their profane and impure presence and behaviour, and irreverence. In America, Prussia, England your Grants, and Falks and Gladstones are doing all« they can to stimulate the populace to open violence against "popery," after failing as they have so ' miserably done, to impede its onward march by all their open bibles, and by godless colleges, and infidel school systems, backed by a "liberal" press; liberal only of its fish-fag abuse against everything Catholic. Co not, therefore, speak to me, I beseeoh you, my dear zeotor, about the more tolerant temper of our times, when through all the veneer and varnish of a hollow civilisation, the old spirit of the Penal Laws comes out—not obsolete, but only ill-concealed. What do I find wbereever there is a Protestant pulpit or a Protestant newspaper, but the voioe of that spirit—the voice and spirit of the bastard Strumpet, Queen Elizabeth, and cf the canting cut - throat Cromwell, and of the miscreant stadtholder William— shrieking evermore its discordant cry, "No Popery." "Wherever Protestantism is numerically in the asoendant, there the innate demon spirit of the Penal LawB survives, and scowls, and gnashes itB teeth at as, and votes its worse than Pagan Laws against ns, and cheats our ministers, and rifles our convents, and would level our chnrohes with the ground if it dare, and make our worship " unlawful," make it " illegal," and the saying of Mass a felony as of yore; then, as of yore, most legally and logically punish the felons with hanging, drawing, and quartering. This, dear rector, is what your "liberal" journals would do, if they could; and it is better for all of us that this should be understood. No, the spirit of the English penal laws is not dead. It does not even - sleep. It lives and breathes its malignant life in leading artioles in self-styled "leading journals," inspiring daily new devices for " putting down popery" under the false plea of asserting the rights of conscience, that is, of course, the Protestant free-thought conscience, which in its sacred dislike of bloodshed would mix you a cup of poisoned lemonade, and smilingly invites you to drink. The very worst symptom of all about this spirit of liberalism and the penal laws is its shameless alacrity in exousing, defending, justifying,mod applauding ' every species of robbery, oppression, deceit, and persecution, provided only they fee- perpetrated in the name of liberty of conscience and for the " putting down of popery" and extirpating papists. If your, friends of the guillotine want proof of this, taking one out of many, they have it in their own stale rant about the Spanish Inquisition. Why 4on't your Exeter Hall rhapsodies vary their dreary dirge , about. the Inquisition with an episode on the Penal Laws ? They throw snowballs at the Inquisition, while the avalanche of the Penal Laws overhangs their hesds and, threatens to bury them in deep confusion and disgrace. Even as it is, your guillotine men can't find snow enough to make the balls until they have travelled back 400 years into the frozen region of the past. And even then, whit they thought was snow is only froth, and with these handfulls of froth they foolishly dream that, they can frighten Catholics. Why' don't they come to the Penal Laws and leave of belying the moon of the Inquisition; They know, and you, dear rector, should know, that this tribunal was lawfully instituted instituted by the King of Spain, whose throne was worth something to him; instituted by and with the approbation of the. Spanish Parliament; instituted to the general , satisfaction of the whole Castilian. people as a security against the machinations of a faction which had both the will and the power to endanger Penal Laws were framed and enforced against a non-resident people -—against a people dwelling apart in their own land, and in no wise either able or willing to cross over into England and disturb its peace or destroy its welfare. The Irish people were not agressors in any way, but were invaded without provocation, without political necessity, without formal declaration of war, and solely with the design and the desire of massacre and confiscation and conquest. The Irish people resisted the purposes of their invaders, and for resisting the invaders, sought to exterminate them, as the " blackfellows'' of this land have been exterminated. But the struggle was long, and the Penal Laws were the systematized method of examination—extirmination openly avowed and proposed as a happy achievement. The Irish weeds and wildflowers must be rooted out to make room for planting in the useful English culinary vegetables. Was not this insult as much as injury ? Truly these Penal Laws were the ne plus ultra of ferocious barbarity, of brigand violence, of fiendish hatred, of tyrant fanaticism, of ruthless homicidal greed. The uppermost thought of the Anglo-Norman was murder, assassination, slaughter, rapine— outrage in every savage shape and form, against every law human and divine— against every tie of human love, and every bond of social duty. If your guillotine friends were only prudent enough to remain silent about the " horrors," and " atrocities," and brutalities," and " butcheries," and so forth, of the Spanish Inquisition, the Penal Laws, with all their ten thousand-fold more aggravated and indefensible abominations, might remain in their dark and infamous obscurity for me. But it would be a crime against all fair play, candour, truth, and justice to suffer a parcel of flippant scoffers to go on for ever jeering and lying about the Spanish Inquisition, which waB angel mildness and gentle mercy compared with the English Penal Laws, especially after England opened her bible and began to make the word of God her only rule of faith and works. As the olaw of a kitten is to the iron paw of a royal Bengal tiger, so was the Spanish Inquisition to the English Penal Laws. As the tearing, and mangling, and rending, and devouring of the inhabitants of a snowy Siberian village by a pack of midnight, ravenouB wolves is to the mischief wrought by a mouse among a shelf of Cheshire cheese, so were the Penal Laws to the "severities" of the Spanish Inquisition against the Marana Jews and Moorish Neo-Catholics. Every blow struck by your guillotine acquaintances is supposed by them, and even by you, dear rector, to be a stab at the Popes—a stain and blot on the Catholic Church. This is the only reason—and the all-sufficient reason—for writing the true history of the Inquisition,, and for retorting upon all Protestant assailants of the Church the terrible enormities of the Penal Laws, especially .the Penal Laws of the Protestant "reformers." God save the mark! I hold that these Penal Laws, after all, emanated from the spirit of unsanctified nationality, and the same tree will ever bear the same kind of fruit. It is bearing it now in North Germany, where Prince Bismarck is maturing hia national plan for the annexation of Denmark and Holland, and for transforming the Prussians into a nation of sailors, who shall appropriate the commerce of England, and enthrone North Germany as the mistress of the seas. This, in Prinee Bismarck's opinion, is the national mission of his nation. How would England relish it ? Just as well as Ireland relished the English Penal Laws. It is not, however, nationality versus Catholicity; but it is nationality along with Catholicity which can release all the nations from the ourse of Penal Laws, and from the propensity to enact them. HOW THE SPIRIT OP NATIONALITY WORKS is made very plain by the trial of Fitz Roger before Lord Chief Justice Wogan at Waterford in Ireland, in the fourth year of Edward If. (1311).. Fitz Boger was indioted for the murder of (as I suppose)' one O'Driscoll. "No," said Fitz Boger, who was an Englishman, " I am not guilty of murder, according to the law of my liege, the Mng of England. Because O'Driscoll was a mere .Irishman. And by the English laws it isn't 'murder' to murder a mere Irishman. '' That IB quite true," says my lord Chief Justice Wogan, " Bat the said O'Driscoll was a serf pn the eserve or ' allotment' selected by his majesty rid db you, O English Fitz Boger, know hat penalty you have incurred by 'Causing tbe death of the eaid serf.'.'." Yes,'my.lord;" eplies Fitz Boger, " I kno^ that I muet pay he price or value of the Bald O'Driscoll, to y liege theking." " Clerk btthB Pipe rolls," ays Chief Justice Wogan, '•'tike the prioe of he said:mere Irishman O'Driscoll, and giro his good and loyal ,Fite Boger.a,.quittap<je Teeeipt,in.:foll."Presentlytheclerk criesput, lou,Friz Boger, hand tome 16s. 8d„ due by yon to' o.nr sovereign lord the kiiig, being the amount, af lawallpweMpr jthjbloss of hist wo legged wast, the saiS^O'Drjscoll, whp ijas mere Irishman.". ThJs'|>eing done, tbe'.Ch'iej Jastioe says, " Geptlemen of the jp«y, ioii say lyotu is FitzBoger, ism Englishman, guilty or not guilty of wilful mtorder in Regard to the killing of the said O'Driscoll, who was a mere Irishman ?" "He is not guilty, my Lord; so say. we one, and say, we < alii" " Then you have a good acquittal, and yon, FitzBoger, are discharged with good repute." And so ended the farce of killing a mere Irishman, and thus does nationality work, dealing out dire injustice to all except of ts own kindred. But there was, not long fter, L. BETTER JOKE for surely the murder of a mere Irishan mast have been only a joke in an nglish court of law, under the Penal ystem, I have already related .how any nglishman, in the reign of Henry VL, ight lawfully step, and legally kill. any ere Irishman whom he (the Englishman) uspeoted to be going to. commit, or coming rom committing A robbery. But after killng the mere Irishman suspected of robbery, he Englishman was empowered to cut off bis ead, and then to carry tbe head to any agistrate, who was authorised to issue his warrant and oompel every cottier in the Barony, who had a house worth 40s., to pay the Englishman who had cot off the mere Irishman's head, the sum of one penny (about a shilling of our money), and. every cottier whose house wasn't worth 40s., to pay one halfpenny, as a reward for suspecting, slaying, and cutting off tbe head of a mere Irishman, whom he suspected of being a robber 1 rUBTBEB CHECKS ON IRISH POPULATION. In the 11th year of Queen Elizabeth (1569) a law was passed with the double intention of suppressing the benevolent feelings as well as the population of Ireland. Thie law forbade any English viscount, lord, or earl to foster with any Irish ohief or captain nnder tbe penalties both of high treason and felony. The legal crime of fostering to or with consisted in taking, rearing, or adopting any child, even if illegitimate, of Irish birth. Some of the early English adventurers into Ireland were of the peerage. Some of them had intermarried with the native Irish chieftain families. When these chieftains were despoiled of their property, their English relatives of the pale, either from pity or affection, sometimes took the children of their Irish friends to eduoate as their own. Elizabeth disapproved of this fostering, and made it treason felony, as it tended to perpetuate the native Irish chieftain race, which the penal law policy laboured to stamp out. Nor can it be alleged that the Irish chief of Leicester and Munster, and many of Ulster, obstinately refused to avail themselves of the protection of the English law, for they petitioned several of the IriBh kings to be placed under the English judicature. But in vain did they entreat. Even Edward III., who understood the art of statesmanship better than his predecessors, turned a deaf ear to the Irish chieftains' request. But that which most of all broke down the hearts and deteriorated the Irish people was the custom of COIN AND LIVERY. Davies, Attorney-General, states that this system of extortion produoed two notable and notorious efieots. 1st. It made the land waste. 2nd. It made the Irish people idle. For when the farmer had toiled all the year and gathered in his produce, the soldiery in one day and night consumed it all. Coin and Livery consisted in the taking of "man's meat, and money from all the inhabitants of given district, wherever soldiers came. This custom existed before the English invasion, but was limited by certain wellknown rules. But after the Invasion, the English turned the custom into an unlimited billeting and free quarters, and to the extorting of any sums of money the soldiers demanded. And as the English lords of the Pale made war whenever they pleased npon the Irish, Coin and Livery grew into a constant practice, which impoverished and demoralized the Irish people (as Davies says) worse than in any other Christian or even heathen kingdom, throwing the land ont of tillage, and forcing away the best of the labourers into foreign countries to be soldiers to foreign princes. HOW SIB WALTBB BALEIGH GOT 40,000 AOBES. Most novel readers and others are familiar with the name of Sir Walter Baleigh, the " handsome cavalier," who flirted so advantageously with no less a coquette than Queen Elizabeth. Everyone knows how he first won her majesty's smiling notioe by hastily pulling off his fine embroidered satin shoulder cloak, and throwing it over a wet spot in her majesty's path, as she passed from her palfrey to her state barge on the Thames, or somewhere. This act of gallantry gained for the handsome young cavalier an intrpduotion to the court, where ho soon rose into the queen's favour. After his knighthood, he was sent to a command in the army in Ireland against the mere Irish. The following was one of his heroic exploits, as recorded by Leland. In 1579, the Irish garrison in' Smerwick. in the' county of Kerry, surrendered on apromiseof meroy from the Lord Deputy Gray. But the mercy which he promised waainhumanly withheld. Wingfield was ordered to ireseive the arms Of the Irish soldiers,,. and when the whole of their, weapons one slaughtered in^ cbldt)loo4.' ''I»6land add* —" It iajnpt without pain that we find a ser- " vice so horrible,-SOT detestable, committed " to Sir Walter Raleigh." In "his book on Ireland, Mr. O'Connell adds to Leland's aocount, from other equally authentic sotirdeii that for this, and other Similar "services,'* Sir Walter Baleigh was rewarded with a griint of 40,000 acres in the county of Cork, which he afterwards sold to Richard, first Earl of Cork. So you. see, dear rector, how yoju Protestant Queen's favourites and noble lordi f old got titles and estates under the Engish Penal Laws, by the confiscation of Irish eople's paternal fields, and by the treacheroag hilling of torrents of Irish blood. By the ay, was Sir Walter Baleigh a Spanish Inuisitor-General ? I ask pardon of Torque, adas ghost for proposing such an offensive uestion, because Sir Walter Baleigh shed ore hnman blood in that one morning's utchery than all the Inquisitors-General ver Bbed in 325 years. When, dear rector, o you mean to give over preaching tome bout the " horrors" of the Spanish Inquisi. ion,and begin to expatiate upon the horrors f the, English Penal Laws ? PEOTBTRE, 