SPECIALITIES. "IS she a lady?" If it were authentically pro mulgated that Eve, the mother of us all, had resuscitated amongst us, having miraculously retrograded to the age of, say twenty-five, with a proper supply of underclothing, and a " tied* back dress" above it, many questions would un questionably be asked about her; but we bet a pony to a greenhide bridle that with eleven out of twelve of our fair acquaintances, the above question would be the first put and the most anxiously discussed. Tall or short, lean or stout, dark or blonde, plain or ringlets, would all doubtl ess run theirinterrogatorycourse,butthecentral pivot of trembling interest would shape itself thus—" Is she a lady I" Moreover, if you asked what was signified by the question, ten out of the eleven would reply, " We mean, can one know her ?" Heaven and earth and Kangaroo Point I that it should come to this ! Doubtless distinc tions are good, and order is Heaven's first law, and earth's too ; but by all that is true, good, and beautiful, that execrable "can we know her?" is a trifle strong for our nostrils. The eleventh one, perhaps more subtle than the ten, may tell you that they do not exalt ladyhood above womanhood, but mean by it simply womanhood in its highest and most pleasing type and development. Very good indeed. Only, unfortunately, when they ask, "Is she a lady ?" they do not mean that at all. The question is often answered affirmatively when the object of it is of a very low and most unpleasing type, and with no development worth speaking of. Poor Eve I we fear she would fare but badly in this process of winnowing interrogatory. She couldn't talk of her papa's hunters, or her grand mamma's lace. She couldn't even show a cousin a captain. It would be whispered that she had at one time married a gardener ; and if she were pretty, as of course she would be, it would be more than whispered that it would have been all the better if she had married him ; but, my dear, there are such dreadful stories—neither priest nor clerk ; and as for trousseau—well! Still, even that could be forgiven, if she could only prove that Such-and-such had received her. Ah, that is the real touchstone at last. Fair friends, that cant about the highest type, &c;, Ac, is—in fact—cant. " Can one know her ?" when stripped of all disguise, means simply this :— " If I called on her, would I fall socially in the estimation of the Such-and-sucbes and the So-and-Bos? Would I appear to them to be making myself cheaper and commoner than I wish them to think me ?" The question is suggested, you see, by slavish Bocial fear. Is it possible, we sometimes ask our selves in an agonised ecstacy of wonder, that there are such beings as women-snobs ? If so— " Can one know them ?" Our worser part says, " Yes, easily." The undergraduates among them say, "Is she a lady ?" The graduates, more supercilious still, enquire—"Can one know her?" The Melbourne car-drivers in Brisbane have struck. Their reason is because it struck them. The aldermen have gone too far, and the cabmen say they are not getting fare play. The former have endeavored to get the whip hand, and have driven the cabmen to extremes. They say the cabmen have become too forward, and they require that they should keep their distance. Should it come to an actual collision, it appears probable that the corporation will get the worst of it. Cabmen know how to charge, and would soon set their opponents down. The cabs should get the best of it in the long run. It must be admitted that while on strike they occupy a very stable position. The drivers are thoroughly accustomed to the control 6f horses, and it would be very strange if they could not manage a mayor. Meanwhile, the public has only the choice of hansoms and busses. It will be curious to observe bow the fair sex will act under the circumstances. Will a»y lady refute to take a bum if a hansom driver offers ? Perhaps some experienced person will kindly reply. We own to a certain amount of sympathy with the carmen. We don't think they abac lutely fatten on the spoils of the public. We never heard of a Melbourne car-driver retiring from business with a competency, and building a palatial residence. As a matter of preference, we lean to their Bide rather than to the vir tuous publicans, tradesmen, and so forth, who are so eager on the aldermanic side to protect the public from imposition. Even under the old regulations, we have blushed before now at the ridicuously excessive distance carmen have been obliged to take ns for sixpence, under the transparent sham of being a bus, while we were the only passenger and directed the route. It has occurred to us on such occasions that if an alderman lives in a certain suburban locality he i* rather apt to manage so that it shall be made an omnibus route for cars, indifferent to the fact that there is no traffic to justify any thing of the sort, and that the sole result is, that be and a few neighbors secure a shilling's worth of driving for sixpence, the unlucky carman having to traverse a mile with him and a mile back empty for the latter enormous remunera tion. There appears but one resource for the cabby if he fails to get the relief he seeks at present. Let him get elected an alderman. Many people believe that once in the Municipal Council he would never be out of a job. The Northern Argus— usually a most polite newspaper—has been rather rough lately on ex. Attorney-General M'Devitt, who, by the way, has been exceedingly quiet since he took Deny by storm. The Argut has spoken of Mr. M'Devitt as a " rebeL" Too bad, altogether, to apply such a naughty word to such an easy. going gentleman, was it not f And then, finding it had made a mistake, an explanation was offered. The printer—ah, exactly—the printer had made a mess of his copy, and had substituted " rebel" for something eke—" res* •el" had been intended. A Teasel ( Of what ? Of wrath, or of mercy ? No ! Mr. Argus, it won't do. These printers' errors won't go down with us. We know too much about them. We have, therefore, arrived at the conclusion that " rebel" was written and printed advisedly, and we are confirmed in our conclusion by the recol lection of that memorable saying of the great Edmund Burke, which everyone re members :—" Kings," he said, " will be tyrants from policy, when subjects are rebels from prin ciple." Now how does this bear out what has been said ? Let us see. M'Devitt " rebelled" against Macalister, just as M'llwraith did—on principle ; and, in bis ease, it was on the well defined principle that he should go to Ireland as a lecturer. "Very well," said Macalister, "you may go, but, if you do, you must resign your seat for Kavenswood, and let King in." This was the act of a tyrant from policy, was it not ? Why, therefore, should not M'Devitt be a rebel from principle ? His rebellion was to get quit of Macalister, and he did it very nicely ; but he was fully justified, for had not Macalieter been most tyrannical from policy 1 The Northern Argus need not offer any silly excuses. M'Devitt is proud of his rebellious principle, just as Macalister enjoys a profound stroke of political tyranny. It is thus that the crooked ways of kings and rebels can be justified, and The Northern Argus is entitled to our best thanks for its profound dissimulation. The composition of tbe Legislative Assembly bids fair to undergo considerable alteration before the reassembling of the collective wudom of the country. Seats are vacant, or soon to be vacated in all directions. Carnarvon is being wooed, and will ere long be won—but Cooktown, Qympie, and Clermont, are without aspirants for the favor of their "sweet voices." Are we compassing a paradise of politics in which there shall be |no party warfares, and no class politics? Are the "ins" and the "outs" of the future to change places without invoking the genius of the "Great Liberal Party ?" Is the ghost of the cormorant squatter never more to devour the patrimony of the " Poor Man 1" and is the hardy pioneer, the conqueror of the trackless waste never again to be made the victim of repudiation and confiscation. It is almost too good to be true, but in the present torpid condition of the body politic it seems as though these old fashioned and rusty weapons, that have been brandished in so many hard fought fields, have fallen into disuse and been cast aside. Most devoutly we hope it is so; and, after all, those who wielded these sorry weapons were but too often "men in buckram"—im« posters, worthless spouters of stale fustian. Let them stand aside and make way, for "good men and true" will assert their right to serve their adopted land in the interest of all, irrespective of class, creed, or country. Where are they ? Let them come om ! We used once to labor under the belief that only the heavenly bodies furnished us with true instances of regular and faultless motion, free from variation and exception, and such as could be safely reckoned on beforehand. But we have lately made a discovery of another motor opera tion, whose orbit can be quite as safely pre dicted. We allude to the various Brisbane ice making machines. They form most infallible examples of regular, obedient action. So long as cool south-east gales are blowing, and the thermometer Btands below 76°, no Brisbane ice machine was 'ever known to fail; and you are regularly invited, with sweet smiles and a cheery rat-tat by a civil Jehu, three times a week, to come out to the front door and take your frozen block ; but when fierce Sol sheds his pitiless rays, when the air is calm and dead, with a por tentous fiery stillness that may herald the cholera, or anything eke in that line, then Jehu is seen no mow—no longer resounds Mi merry rat-tat at your street door. He "don't know yah." His blocks are worth a heavy premium now, and he prefers other folks' occasional cash to your regular credit and monthly bilL And, if you venture to make enquiries thereanent, you are informed that— " Please Sir, wery sorry, but the Hice Machine, it have broke down agin ;" it being evidently of a delicate origin and arctic nature and quite unequal to the tension of 100" in the shade. This state of matters is peculiar to Brisbane ; it is totally unknown in Sydney or Melbourne. And so—in consequence of this new and regular motor power acting in complete unison and accord with the changes of the thermometer and weather, and with a fidelity that swerves not— we arrive at the pleasant consummation, that the only time that you want or care for ice, is, in Brisbane, the only time when you cannot get it, for love or money. Ice machines (Brisbane ice machines), and trusting to them, have made our Christmas of 1875 very merry (?) indeed t One Thomas Lutcliffe Mort, of Sydney, who is nobly endeavoring to make the fortunes of the Australian squatters by landing their frosen meat in England, must, we fancy, be possessed of ice machinery somewhat in advance of the Queensland articles at present in vogue—about in the proportion of Mount Blanc to a hailstone, we should say—or else he'll never do the trick this time. We form the colony that most surely needs an efficient ice supply, and we are the only one that has it not. That's fair and square, isn't it ? But softly! here's a cold southerly gale coming up fast, with rain clouds, and we could have sworn it—yes, no, yes—positively, it is he ! Here coomb " smiling Jehu " round the corner agaiu with his ice cart. The cold weather has allowed the machine to get mended, no doubt; and " Yes, Jehu, we missed you very much last week, and we're delighted to see you out again, Jehu. Take care of yourself, Jehu. No, nothing to-day, thanks f We'll wait till the weather gets a little colder now, Jehu." ' 