mmziimzms. Pas de deux — Father of Twins. The best tea for a weak person is charily. £ The f at man with a thin voice is always Comical. What holds all the snuff in the world ? No ohO hoSe. , . The man who mid d project on foot went to a corn-doctor. Ah hotel ghost comes under the official head of inf»' spectres. A WOnIi'ied' answer tO a beggar girl is, "Go waif, from mO." . . . At close quarters it is yard-arm and yam- I arm with a dry goods clerk. An astronomer's motto — "Distance lends en chantment to the view." I In what key would a lover write a proposal 1 of marriage ? Be mine, ah J I It's a Professor Widdows who handles the ) belles in toe Centennial chimes. 1 When you wind up a watch it goes on ; when yoti wiild up a company it doesn't. TWo' places to lobk for Philadelphia pick pockets—The eeut-ennidl And the PeUny-ton- I tiary. - 1 It is an admitted fact that " one swallow I «nf m&lrA; ft snmuifir hut ono cat can uuoo uww — : — — — The laYaflows toe freedom of speech to all dumb men, and provides that deaf men :sha!I have a hearing. " What's going on ?" said a well known bore to Douglas Jerrold. " I am," was the reply, and on he went. We have heard of a man who carried his aver sion to. niggardliness so far as to even detest a mean temperatfif . And, speaking of the Wbift&fi;'S .jofotm move ment, wouldn't bliss Sweet, of Chicago", bo a good candy-date ? Sarcastic Slash — Young Swell : " I should like to have my moustache dyed." Polite Barber ; " Certainly. Did you bring it with | you ?" toe French translation of Shakspeare, the , r; » I U3«S8g€j J ralluYj uliy Ildliif/ » wyiuwij » translated, ei Mademoiselle Frailty is the name of toe lady." . . j No yoimg man should think of _ seh'anrg I poetry to a publisher without sending the I of a few subscribers as an atonement. I A Milwaukee man went to a meeting in 1 London, one evening, and when the cockneys said, " 'eafc" he took it fer a personal allu sion, and gob dftt. . . . Irate wife (whose husband has returned; home late)—" Now, I'll just give yen a piece of my mincl i" Hpsband— " Ben'ty my dear ; yott can't spare it f' , j \- T.ach! is what ruffles the men noddsts. ' Ei. | You are wrong. Lace ruffles the women, ak| usual. It is the paying for it that ruffles toe; men. . . . . x i At a medical examination an applicant for a; \- i t TIT1 J physician s diploma was asxea, >vnen now mortification ensue?" "When you propose and aire rejected," was the" ieply. ' SpiE one asked Shqrfdan how it was that thq " 0" wais not prefixed to his name. He replied,; " I am sure no family had d better right to it,-; for, in truth, we owe everybody." ? j , ,A.: A correspondent entered an office attd ac- j cused toe compositor of not having punctuated I hia communication, when the typo earnestly replied, " I'm not a pointer ; I'm a setter." j | " gah, did you take me for a sardine ?" said ! sstfele 6rator; at an exciting political meeting! | j " No," was the reply, " Ps always 'garded you as a fresh water" miMftfy «af wasnt wuf PHave you seen my black-faced antelope inquired Mr. Leoscope, who had. 'a collection of I animals, of his friend Bottlejack. ''No, I I haven't. Whom did your black-faced aunt I elope with ?" i YotJNG Smith — "Rather sudden that about I Jones, ito't it f Died at 6 o'clock this mon|- I ing." Old Brown—" Good gracious, you donifc say so ! Why, I met iiim orily ldsfe night, and 1 — and— and he was alive then !" | I The " Belle Americaine"— Suitor : Well, I I may hope theii, dear, that at some future I I may have toe happiness of making yop mv wife." America! charmer : " Yes, I hope so, I'm sure, for I'm getting real tfrtd of suing I fellows for breach of promise of marriage. ' | j A cool young gent., all" of toe modern dayp» J entered a menagerie with a cigar in his months I when toe proprietor politely requested the 1 visitor not to teach toe. other monkeys had | habits. The young man proved himself equal j to toe occasion by producing his cigar-case and 1 I saying, ' Try one. 1 Pretty generally read — The toper's nose. |A I man overboard— Just as the book agent Vrpa- J about leaving. The man who does considerable execution on one string — The sheriff. A book I that contains many fine points — The needle- I bpok. Dealers in cold cuts--Ice-men. A gopd J place to examine a man's bust— At a creditojrs J meeting. ' i | I A certain eminent physician being; invleed to a dinner- party, arriVea at tne nuuro w i host at a somewhat ' earlier hour than had been J named as the dinner hour. He accordingly ' j strolled ' out. of the house into a churchyard | which was hard by. When dinner was an nounced the doctor was absent, and aninqmry was made as to where he was. " Oh, said dne of the guests, who had seen him in toe tour ih- yard, " he is paying a yirit to some of his )ld patients." J Adnt Mary — " Now, don't quarrel, bhildj eru J Recollect that « birds in toeir little n sts agiree.'" Ethel—" Well, it would" not do for them tor fall oijt' anyhow, not befiqre t ley could fly; Wouid it, Aunt Mary ?" | said <me littie, Jellow to Another. " No, e- . fused Hurry, eating away rapidly. ' You WOuldnH. like this ; it is a cooking apple, and' I never giyea fellow a bite of a cooking apple." | From London Pun (on the hat and cloak fashion) : Shocked and astonished verger — «f YoU tfradaiffi £cknd' hby, hy don't yduf take your hat on- in church ?" Bad and wicked boy (overcome with guilt) — " If you please, sir, I'm a little girl." At a ; recent exhibitioh of paintings/ a lady, aud her son were regarding with much interest a picture which the catalogue designated as " Luther at the Diet of Worms," 4 Having de scanted at some length on its merits, the boy Remarked, "Mother, I see Luther and the table, but where are the worms ?" 