THE ROYAL MARIONETTES. For some time past the promised visit to !Launceston of the Royal Marionettes has created much interest; the flattering notices passed on them by the Press, their recent successful sea° son in Hobart Town, anid the 'glowing accounts given by those who had'already witnessed their performance, all combining to excite the public curiosity very strongly. Under these circum stances it may easily be imagined that the audience which greeted their first appearance at the Theatre Royal last evening was a large one, the pit and gallery being full and the dress circle well patronised. The large area of stage room required for the successful--exhibition of the Marionettes is a drawback to their 'appear anee in many towns, and the Theatre had to mundergo a good deal of alteration before it met requirements, -and admitted- of- te extensive scenery and appliances of th company being fitted up. The manager has, however, made a thorough renovation of 'the whole of the inside, which it muchi.ieeded' and .as an instance of the taste shown we may mention that throughout the evening a little. fouantain, filled with perfumine, played in cessantly in front of thie-dress circle-a novelty never introduced in that theatre before. The scenery of the troupe is well painted and the stage mechanism worked most smoothly, the transformation scenes, being something marvellous, while the performance of the tIarionettes would make the' fortune of any professionals who could. go through the same programmein-a-similar- style - -The-entertain ment .opened: with the. Christy Min strel . performance, given ,by seven "'darkies" in the orthodox. evening costume. 'he sinn g;, talking, and 'music is all supplied by persons behind' the scenes, biit the figures go through all the necessiry motions of playing their instruments, moving their-eyes;mouthsi heads, and Jlirnbs_ in a startlihg manner. - The witticisms and local hits of Tambo and Bones. are well given, and .theirdancing .must be seen to be realised: The songs and 'choruses are given with good' effect by' a number' of well trained voices, and the figures bow their thanks for ?ei hearty: applause given in a most ludicrous manner. Following these.., came the '.comic' :: Fantoccini, : comprising' a balancei .'who lying on .his back; tossed ag cylinder. about, -a ,Chinese.. juggler, with' cups and balls, a man who came on without a hdad, but when he was tired and sat down his hie.iame out from his chest and went back agaiin ?enhe got'up,-winding up by the pro auction of three heads from the same receptacle' Then-came a piece of wonderful mechanism, in shich a, dancer .:dropped. his head,; arms, and,legs succesively, all.of which turned into, little figureis, 'and daiearoiiid the trunk, 'which turning" a somrrsasul -'came "down, as' "Old SMother Shipt6n:'": -Pete and Barney, the two L. performing mules, next came in', :and' two country--yukels- -who-tried -to-ride-them-and nearly 'got kicked to death in the attempt. Three dancing Chinese bellringers closed this part of the 'programme, and the pantomime of Little'Red'Riding Hood began.' The story is somewhat'different fromi'the nursery tale, ihtro ducing .a great number, of characters.. The opening scenes, somewhere 'in the 'infernal regions, amid gorgeous scenes lit by changing colored fires, ': where ; three. demons ':plot to .:seize -Red' .Riding .,Hood, ,were. ex cellent, and' the fairy bower-. scene, where she receives the' magic- hood fromi the fairy queen, drew forth loud aiidlong-codftinued plan dits. After" intgi=-rra-m any =go--d scenes Tne-wi?e-wolf gets shot and Red Riding Hood saved, and then the fun and frolic of the L pantoniinkeonimenced? ? ;&This; :was-the gem of the ' evening, ;and .kept -every one- in roars of laughter. It was impossible to keep a serious face at the antics and fun of, clown and panta loon,'whenthey stole the hausages, were chased a by the policeman,: who got pinned by a bull terrier when ' they went up 'in a stray balloon L they found, which burst when' about a mile up iund let'them'down 'rather- harda; followed by their adventures on horseback, their search a·fter lodgings, their experience- in them :ifter taking" the rooms occupied by a ghost, L their ridein a donkey cart, and subsequent mis haps, being tossed by a bull and kicked by a jackass,'etc.,: etc. The harlequinin and columbine were good in their parts, but we have not space to give a full account of the. whole programme, and can only advise everyone to see it for them selves. ''The. closing transformation scenes commanded breathless admiration. They are' styled " The Palace of Dewdrops in the 4rotto of Stalacta," and how they are managed is simply marvellous. The gorgeous scenes unfolding each minute, the ever-changing many- hued lights, 'and the sparkle of the ever-falling dewdrops, closing witl, the appearance of the Fairy Queen in a sea shell drawn' by swans, all make 'up a :tabldau of'bewildering beauty and deserving of the highest praise. .:We shall say more 'another time of this, but will' now 'only mention that the 'same performance is given this and.to Imorrow- evenings, while to-morrow afternoon 'there is a midday performance. OUR, SUnPLaMENT .to-day contains:- ' Qorrespondence - Colonial 'Telegrams - iiton-.e w: Zealand- Police Court DReteoioblbgyC-ricketing !Morality---New Ariangementsaof ;the English and Austra lian (Cable Company- River Forth.' Rivt CHARLE s Cci . We understand that the Revi Charle s Clar~,' whose Iec tures have won him such:fanie thr6dugihoit th. sister colonie is likely to visit Tas miainisl~ ortty - when he; will give several lectlires inbt north ad sbouth. Tnm NEwS.-The 1 furnace at the Mount Bischoff Company's Smelting, Works had td "be;&dtoPpet--or; Satuiday for want of ore; .ai:d it' is niricertain when any ship me'nti wil? arrive. -'Despite the cdnstant stoppages to whi6? these workshave helien .sdbject from this cause, there have been :652 tdiis 9 ct. '81bs. of: 6oe .reduced at th1ein since 'their p'ning in Januarylaste. Sr. JOHN'S CHncH;.-The Rev. John Gray, of Hobart Yown, ,officiated at St. Jbhn's Church on Sunday, morning and eo ening, 'and in the afternoon. presented tle annual ?rizes. ~ the Sunday School chiildren:in.thS, shoolroom. There was, of .course, a very large muster of chil dren land ,teadhera, and' they sang at 1 idtervals the hymns rendered by them at the recent" anniversary.' iThe Rev. -Mr Gray, aftera ,short· prelminary address,; piesented the:prizes, and then asked the ?iildren to repeat one of their anniver sa!yhymns, "Onward,Christian soldiers," whih they-did.- -The-Rev. W. B. An- I diews, df South :Australia, who only ar? ied by: the s.s. Dirwent from Mel bourne;on the previous day; was present as a visito'-'ahd- both he' and Mr" Gray i epresSied themselve" much pleased' with ' tIe'nimanner in which the Sunday School' was'condiucted'and the behaviour of the I ch'ildien. The Rev.oy Mr --Giy left ffdr ' Hobart :-Town - yesterday morning, an4 i the-~a pit'at St~ Johh'nswill be filled next I .8d ai ythe Ri~hi. Thos M'DIwell, of 'G~oie~b~l. , "' ' 7 Mrusraooas.-The largest. mushrooms we ever saw were brought to this office yesterday morning by a person who had found them the evening before in the upper part of Glen Dhu. One was nearly circular, and was 12 inches in diameter; another measured 10 x 10, and another 10 x 8. All grew from one root, and weighed four pounds; the largest alone weighing two pounds one ounce.-' They were perfectly fresh and sound, and seemed to have attained their immense size in a very short time. SavER CuP FOa T.T. CLUB.-A very handsome trophy, in the shape of a silver cup, has -been completed (says the Argus) for the Tasmanian Turf Club by Mr Fischer, of .Geelong. It is an enlarged desigh of the Geelong Racing Gold Cup of 1874, won by Mr Tait's M'Callum Mohr, the frosted filagree work b-eiiig set off to great. advantage by the burnished silver at the back. It stands 24iri. high,. weighs 70z.," is of excellent workman ship,- and will shortly be exhibited in Melbourne. THE BENSON TROUPE gave their last performance for a time here on' Satur- . day. At tlEatin the afternoon th'iei=?was a. fair house;, consistmg of ladies 'and juveniles, and the. programme presented was= a good -one and well received, .the youngsters being especially delighted' with the "Baby's" performances. 'In the, evening the audience was the smallest the troupe have appeared to here, but this L may be accounted for by the fact of it. L being Saturday night, a bad evening for' entertainments. The programnme was the same as sn Thuirsday evening, and'in the r interval two of the Misses Pollard de livered a pianoforte duet, Master F. Pol lard playing a flute accompaniment. The Benson troupe left yesterdayjr morn-. Sing for Evandale, where they will, appear this evening.'. They will revisit Launces s ton during the race week. THE IRbON MINES.-.By the s.s. Derwent' on Saturday arrived part of the loco motive engine to be employed, on the tramway between the furnaces and -mine of the British - and e Tasmanian Charcoal Iron Company at Port Lempriere, West Tamar. The frame r of .the locomotive broke the. crane at SMelbourne while the" attempt was being made to put it on board, and it had to be. left for the Tamar to bring on her next f trip. THE annual meeting of members of the Launceston Mechanics' Institute will- bL e held in the class-room at 8 o'clbck this evening. . M vREA'S JOURNAL OFDERESS AND NEEDLE SwoRx.--We have to acknowledge the re e ceipt'from Messrs Hudson and Hopwood of the November number of '" Myra's Journal of Dress and Needlework," which on -account of the excellentimananer in I Which itjis.got.up and the moderate sub. Sscription asked, must become a formridable competitor with other journals of fashion.' lf;we ;happened to belong to the gentler sex we might contrive to do justice to this . publication, but as it is we' fear we can e scarcely appreciate thepvariety and extent" of the information ; given, and .we must I t therefore advise our fair. readers to ,pay a:W e visit to Messrs' Hudson and Hopwood's n and judge for themselves. We may, I however, for the benefit of those at a.; .distance, state that -the -journal-is- pro- fusely illustrated,- 'that the. minutest de k tails of the) costunies, &c.;,, are given,. together with the price of :materials, 'and there are iin-addition engravings of fancy' work, and colored:fAisliion plates, &c.;, to say nothing of practically written lessons h in.dressmaking.; The names given toutbe d various styles 'sayer stronglyi: of., Indian 'o nomeclatire, in honor no ,doqbt .of: the : v visit of the Prince of Wales :to :the:. Eastern possessions of Great 'Britain. is Thus-there are representations and elabo- . if rate descriptions of the Ceylon, Malabar, is Oude,- Berar,. Scindia, Orissa, Coroman \- del, and Agra costunmes,; the Jumna and ue Gujerat toilettes?; the Bombay and- ig Maharajah,' Decan, .and Mandura man-' )t ties; the Mysore an-dmivache paletots; r- the Lahore. honie 'toilette and' Aden re visiting costume; the Begum bonnet, and 7 Poonah chape'an. S-TiTERCOLONqIA 'F.REE tLADE. - The Ag Argus of -11th, inst. states :-"'- The Pre- T, uier of South, Australia (the hon. Mr,, SBoucaut) is, now in Melbourne, and will ~ 'hortly have an interview withthe Cabi 'net on the subject.of intercolonia) free d trade. The interview wiould have?taken n place ere this had it not been? fdI the in tervention of the- holidays, and th'e con.; Ssequent absence :frorn' to~ii of many of' h the Ministers. 'A letter on the same s6 a ject has been .redeiv~ fri theG?i die; rn b ment of Tasmania; and will receive con \- sideration at the same time...As the Ihon.-' a ir Griffiths, Attorney-Generalfor Queens Sland, is also in Melbourne, it is more than , probable that his views on this '<iutioic \- wi111 be laid befori our Goviirnmenit." 'TsMAirrANeI RAchi Criim.O-r. meeting n of the members of the Tasma?nian Racing y Club was held' at the Rocl: Hotel last evening. Present: Sir James M. Wilson S(in the chair), Messrs. James Lord,-John g Lord,? Atkins, Miller, J. G.-D''ies, J. A. a Jackson, Wilsoi; andG .Gee. Browne, hon. a sec. :A letter:was read' froim ?Mr R. O. SBagot, Secretary of .the.-'ictoria Racing : SClub, with reference to the proposed tiip . of the steanier Barhabool to Hobart Town n during race week. MIr Bagdt' wished to know.:if -certain concessions 'would be made to 'the Barrabpol,' vii. if she' would:: be absolved from harbor dues, and allowed \- to use her own stores;'and if a berth could \- be giraraiiteed hei at the wharf. The \- chairman stated that neither harbodir nor v light dues were-charged-to-merely pas- - senger ships, and he' h~d: madeiarrange mentis for a berth._.k' reply;will be sent tbo~Ir Bagot?to that effect. The diisqualifi -cation by ithe.Victe Racing Club of Mr .: SP.Dowling the owneri of Cyclop, and the taken into consideration, and afte.r soue slight discussion the following general re solution was passed :-" That any:person Sdisqualified by the VictoriaRacing Club, : I the Australian Jockey Club,andtheSobth i SAustralian Jockey Club, shall be deemed -to be, disqualified' by the.:Tasmanian, Racing Club.";- The. hen. 'secretary was' : Sinstructed to communicate the resolution " td the respective secretairies of the clubs named. :: The hqon. seretary intiiated Sathat he had arranged with Mr.Grant; the manager of the Tam nanian Maini Line. Railway, to issue tickets for the railway .trip:and admission to the course,; that he . had communicated with: the- Warden of Glenorchy, with reference to having the cdurse :transferred to the control of the teirritorial police during the races and that the Colonial- Secretary hadpromised - to extend the telegraph line to the course. \--Mercury, 15th inst.. ANOT~ ER old ColOnist (says the Tripune) has gou'e to that b~urne from whence no traveller retins. It will be seen by our obituary columns that Mr Williani Pet, ' terd died at&Hobart; Town, on:thel9th instant, at the good old age ofQ5..-: Mi? Petterd arrived here in the Iidiana, Captain Webster, in 1832, and the ship lay1alouigside the Thomas at the-time slhe ' ca:ught fire,thie wrdck 'forming a con spicuous- landl mark at Sandy Bay Point -: for many:aubsiquent ybara. Mr Petterd - 'was well knowi here.as' a :respectable. tradesman, but-had left active business for sofe: i'eais:: H'e'waisat one tinea veryactive politician. Heleaires family all grown up. AUSTRALIAN SLATE CoMPA.r.-Ten ders are invited by this Company for the construction of about four miles of tram way from- the quarry to the shipping place at Tam o'Shanter Bay, and a wharf and mole at the. bay... We are glad to hear that the prospects of this Company are excellent, and that the Directors are determined to push the works forward as fast as possible.., "GLASoOW WEEKLY MIAiL"-The local agent of this newspaper, Mr J. Ferguson of Brisbane- street, has favored us with a file for the months of October and Novem ber. MALICIOUS AcT.-On Sunday morning last several dogs were poisoned in Cleve land-street. It appears that. the.pnison was placed on a bone and put in the atieet, and the dogs partook of it, death being the result in each instance. It is generally surmised in the neighborhood who the perpetrafor of this actis,_ and it is to be. -hoped`- a ssson .will b b ,taught him. We may also mention that this is not the first time,in which poison has been laid in the locality. ILLUSTRATED PAPERS.-The Austral asian Sketcher for the, current month con tains several good engravings of colonial scenery and, colnial incidents. " Among them may be mentioned the " First train crossing the Murray at Echuca," the IntercolonialCricket Match, the Churches of Adelaide, scenes at, Port Arthur and 1isdon,'Tasmania. .The illustrated Syd ney News (which has been a 'stranger to us for the last month: or two) is as usual full of excellent engravings, and has a selection of good and-really useful reading matter.. ~ THE IVIn, SITTINGS, HOBART TowN, commence; to-day before I-the -Hon. Mr Justice Dobson. The f followinzg cases are set -.down- 'fori: :trial 'viz., Arn rotg (H. E.) v.BBarclay, being etc., breach of -contriat Crowther'(W.JL.) v. I;avies and Ancither, .libel; DQve v. Taylor, malicious prosectioni; and' Wool cott . v. Wilmore, on a bill of. exchange. Yesterday's, Mercury says--"|We under-. stand that fthe case of Armstrong v. Bhrclay has been settled,. anrd that the record will be withdrawn (from the list' this?moniing. The abovee annouinceinent will considerably relieve" the jurymen who. were expecting to :`be detained at the couirtill the'week by the length of the sittings, which commence on Tuesday." ST9EA~MER ARRANGEMENTS FOR .THE RAcEs.-We (Medciiry) iunderstahd that the 'Taimanian Steam Navigation Com pany, in .order to afford the people of Victoria every .:facility for: attending the approaching races on the Elwick course, have made arrangements:under which the: Derivent will leave-Melbourne oni Friday; the 11th February'; the Soutthers Gross or Saturday,-: the 12th February and the Tanar on Monday, the 14th.February ?LARGE SUNDAY SonOOL GATHERING. On Sunday afternoon about 1800Tscholars of thervarionsiProtestant Sunday Schools (Anglican excepted), fourteen in number, assembled, :at: Melville-street Wesleyan Ohirch,HobartTown,insteadof onBoxing Day, when the weather was unfavorable. The hddress ·was delivered by thieRev. B. S. Bird, who.spoke from John i., 43 -":?'Follow- me:?':- The selected hymns were sung under the-- conductorship of MrrH. J: Cox: - t MriLELAiEAX-Tenders :'are invited for supplying. uhiforins fori the guards and porters of the Launceston and JWestern Railway~; :forlpainting.the-Public Offices, General- Hospital, --and- Cpurt House,: Laindhsons ; also for cartage requ?ired by the Gas Company, for- tlih current year. Gourts of Revision for the 'electoral dis distiicts of 'Selly and North Esk will be b'eld' at Launceston on 26th instant, and for Hobart and t'he five lower house dis tricts of Hobart Town, at the latter place on the same day. DISTRIBUTION OF REWARDS.--A very inter esting caremony came off on Sunday afternoon, at the Brisbane-street Sinday School; namely the distributionof reward'books to the scholars, nearly eighty,of whom were the recipients of those instructive mementoes. The Rev. C. Price gave out the rewards, and accompanied each presentation with a fitting remarks. .The children sung some of their anniversary hymns during.the afternoon. M-INITERIAL.--The Hon. F.: M. Innes arrived in Launceston.towards the end of last week, and did business at the Public Buildings. On Satur day thq hon. gentleman visited Longford. By the s:s. Derwent, on Saturday, the Hen. Mr Boucaut, Premier of South Australia, arrived oi i avisit to Tasmania. He went to Hobart Town festerday by the Main Line Railway. The Hon: Mr Way, Attoriiey- General of South Aus ttralia,: is als oon a visit to the-colony. PRESENTATION.-At the last meeting of the Cdurt Sherwood, No. 4845, Ancient Order of Foresters, the presentation of a P.C.R.'s silver medal, together with an address to Brother Fred. Beaumont, P.C.R., formed a very pleas ing episode in the proceedings. The presenta tion was made by the Chief Ranger of the Court, Brother J. J. Sheehan, who read an address on behalf of the members, express ing the esteem felt for Bro. Beaumont,' their sense dof the impartial gImanner . in whichhe had administered .the laws, and the satisfactory manner in which he had discharged the duties of the office of Chief Ranger during the past half-year. He then presented the ad dressand medal to Bro. Beaumont, who res ponded in suitable terms, and expressed his sense of.the honor conferred on him and the pleasure this mark of their esteem gave him. , MYBA, the new ladies' journal of dress and nieedle'work, contains cut-out paper models, Paris fashion plates and pattern sheets, fashion. engravings, chatty articles on dress and fashion. A marvel of cheapness for 9s per annum. ?udson and Hopwood.-(Adirt.) - WESTON's WIZARDo Oir.--Have you inflam matory sore throat,/stiff joints, or lameness, Have you rheumatic or other pains in any part of: the body? If so, use WESTON'S WVIZARD OIL internally and externally. : Many persons suffer with sick headache and nervous headache,. usually induced by costiveness, indigestion, &c.; VESTON'S MAGIO PILLS have a strong claim unosthe confidence of an alute and discerning people. Thirty- pence.--(Advt.) 