WILL HE MAERY HER. ttl TH« &01HOB OF ' THE FOBOEB^l WlFK,' 'JCOO CLBVfiB BT HAW, &0. fiHAPTER XXVI.— (CONTINUED.) ?Bless me I', eidaiinadtttile West, rtfher comi cally ; ' tuia is. indeed, wonderful. I am positively captain, by courtesy, even before I have donned an ensipTe uniform, or joined a regiment ' ?Seat Edgar,' said his sister, * 1 congratulate ? And may not I ?' inqui fed Misa Beckless. rattier archly, looking down at the hand in -which the little man held the letter. . ?Ah!' sighed little West, looking up into her larjre and beautiful eyes- 'Ah! if I dared tell you, Miss Beckless, the reason why I value ao much this appointment to the staff of the General !' * Ton m&y.;' said she, artlessly. 'Do— pray.' ♦ Perhaps, before I leave fee Castle, I will take an opportunity of doing eo,' 8&id; the little man. There was no one ia the drawing-room at that moment save West, his sister, and Miss Beeklesa. (It was about four o'clock in the afternoon.? Miss We»t felt that her presence was -de trop, and left the room. She had scarcely closed the door after her, when Miss Beckless said, 'Fray, tell me why you value bo much the appointment;' and she blushed crimsofi while she f pjke. ' It is because'— replied the little man, going down upon one knee, and taking the hand of his lovely questioner—' Ii is because it may lead to my being more worthy of demanding this/ And he ventured to kiss the hand of Mies Becklees. ' It is yours already,' she replied, raising with her hand her lover from his knees; and then, bending down her head, she suffered him to kiss At this very instant the door of the drawing room opened, and Sir Charles Reckless entered Observing the embarrassment of his daughter anil West, Sir Ckarles said, hurriedly, 'I beffyouten thousand pardons, youog people, if I have dis turbed you; but the truth is. I thought you bad all gone out, and that the Castle was deserted. and X left completely alone.' With these words Sir Charles retired, went upstairs into the nur little ones— the eldest of whom was only six a'ri half— to gambol with him to their heart's content. If Lady Mary had been at home, Sir Charles would have been in the fields, superintending the plant ing of tbe potatoes ; but as 6he was absent, the estate seemed desolate, and its owner knew not what to do with himself. CHAPTER XXVJI. LAD? MABY BBCKXKSS AND LEONORA.— LEONOEA BBTUBN8 yiTH LADY MARY ON A VISIT TO RECKLESS CASTLE. Augustus remained at the hotel while Lady Mary had her interview wit- Leonora. It was an awk wora mommg uu,eituor omu, tui uauy muiy icit that Leonora guessed the object of her visit. After a brief conversation on indifferent matters, Lady M«y took Leonora's hand, and said, ' I come to you as an ambassadress, to see if I can negotiate on the behalf of my son.' Leonora blushed, but was silent. 'I would not have accaptei tbe office' continued Lady Mary, ' had I not been aware that you are mutually and ardently attached to each other.' . ' Has Augustus informed you of all. Lady Mary? lias he told you that lean only marry him on cer tain conditions ?' , 'Yes, he has told me all - even the substance of a conversation which he hid recently with Colonel Ornsbie, who gave such a portraiture of Indian lice and Indian habits, that I tremble at the idea of my eon visiting that country.' ' Dear Lady Mary,* replied Leonora, ' I believe that the habits of Europeans in India— especially young military men— are idle and dissipated. The climate, it is' saU, provokes indolence and dis sipation. But I will not So Augustas the injustice to believe that he would follow ia the footsteps of others less strong-minded and less worthy than himself. It is not to test him on this point that I desire to see him in the East. Even if his habits became dissipated, I could not love him less, how ever much I migbt regret the change in hi si. If yju knew, Lady Mary, tbe feeling that prompted me to make that chief condition of my union with your son, you would— I am sure you would— ap oreciate my desire to see Augustus in my home in India.' If c*«.v u IV ;*iuiiv »*(5 UQAi jgi W| CCILU' JUtLUj ULttl J ? ? Come ! come ! be one of our family without going again to India. You know — yoa must know— bow much we all ? love you. Come 1 waive your con ditions-' ' If you only knew, Lady Mary,' said Leonora, ?how it pains me to refuse you anything, you would not again ask me to alter a resolution which a sense of duty dictated to me, and break a pro mise most solemnly made.' Large tears stood in the eyes of Leonora while she spoke, and she nressed tenderlv the hand of her visitor. t.-hU- Mary had never seen Leonora look so exquisitely beautiful as she looked ut tbat moment; had never heard ha; voice deliver its accents in so sweet and melancholy a tone. 'lam so glad that I hive seen you,' continued Leonora; ' for I have longed to tell you— lest you should have supposed I was needlessly tormenting Augustus -that my reason for wishing not to see him until we meet in India is, that I might possibly be tempted to break faith myself. ? It is not very probable, but still it is within the pale of possi bility: for when a girl loves as I love, it is not easy $o withstand oft-repeated eulrsaties from ihe lips \--the man who !aas possession of her heart. And if, in a. *5»meat of weakness, I were to accede to his MouBBL*' fifl-3 weive lhe condit'on, tbe remainder of my life \y&}* *B made UP oC tne most bitter 'C Leonora* '*'** &*** ^fy' ' J wU1 not im' portune «m if urti-.r' ,Bnt }6ioK y°u toavn Eng SSui hope , the Cou^ a»d I™'*** will pay ur a visit at the Castle.' . _ . . , Iisonora hesitated for *»«nant; and then re plied—' In my father's abseil ^ady *lary. J could not make an engagement ; but, 'y°u will allow me, I will reply to you to-morro.x bJ tetter.' The last word had scarcely fallen from Leonora's lips Ktten were was a loua rapptngat tne ««? ' That is my- lather,' said Loonora, becoming deadly pale and trembling, for she had rf1 present ment of what was about to happen. The *.'olonel, when invited to Bpend a few days at the Castle, with his daughter, excused himself on the ground that his time was so Bhort in England, and tL'at the amount of business he had to transact was very great, ' But,' adaed the Colonel, ? my daughter, Vho is rather lonely here, will be only too happy lady Mary, to avail hereelf of your kind infla tion. She has my full permission to do whatever nheole&ses.;' And the Colonel' cave T.ennnw. o i«^v which s semed to say to her, ? Go, go— I' wish you logo.' ? Qfhen conse at once,' said Lady Jf^yy (0 Leo. nora. . . 'Leonora felt *«-w upgtuelous Would hav« feesn Wy excuse after til's, and left tbe roor& -fe make &W; -* ™? M«y in^thT^r™ foom Lady Mary wae i extolling thehsauty andthe grace of Leonora, and lb.'B Ookmd' W bowing K knowledgment oi the compliments paid to his daughter in k« absence, and was just on the point of paraphrasing the old 6aying, that ' it is indeed *weet to ob praised by a praiseworthy man ' when the door was opened, and into the room walked Mr. Brown. Ha approached the Colonel, without taking any notice of Lady Mary. ? I wish te dis y*hftTCTAtbftt TAJ jaw * aoiA Aff*. J?i»._*, » *s._ ? j ? diets me. I have discharged him already; but still he follows me.- If he continues to do so, I wiU beat aim — kill him.' Lady Mary became very Much agitated. The Colonel said to her, hurriedly, ? Vo not be alarmed ; he is perfectly harmless' (he laid a peculiar stress on the wor 1), ? but excited just now.' Then, ad dressing Mr. Brown.the Colonel said, in a com manding voice ? Edmund, retire to your room.' m uf lKfJrt?1' J?' ^ M'y- edrancing to Mr. Hrowni ana nvtAn/iin^ !-.«« u ? j ' ,wld ehould I be alarmed ?? ? ' '™ unuu- ' UJ ber face, and smiled vacantly ? Do you remember me ?' she askea. ?I did when you were living,' was tbe wolv ££JSX£ t*^1 At lMet X ^ve long stco snderstood tbaUyou ware dead.'' ? ? No ; I am stUl living. Who am I P' J£ t f wont-in whiCi I first knew you. *ou were- Iet me whisper in you ear— Lady Marv suffered him tn Sn on , £m ,J 'ffht-eh ? grinned Mr. Brown. les, replied Lady Mary, -quite right.' dead?' -l«f-Mary; B-Ut. T th01Jght you were lWri. * c«tal'|y»«4 ltin ^e papers. I have Deen aead four times sinoe we' last met; but have «.wyou tart?'*0 lif8 ae8'n- WbeT° W8S Jt that ? Don't jou temeaber ?' 'He.' ? ; ?It tnay have been, But did you net cometo Cheesdale Priory with your brother P I forget bis 'flJftatttrt was the year previous* to our meeting at Mftddingly.' . . . . . k ? I have not parted with the Priory ; but I think I ehall ; for I tave had a eood offer m«de font, Mdi 1 aever cared much for the place, «nd teWjm went there.' . , Blexfield was your favourite property. 'And is so still. Iependthe greater part of my timethere. Ah me! those We merry days. But are you sure jou are not desd ?' 'Do I look lik« ft ghost?' 'Wo. You look as young *s ever— bb young as when I askea you to marry «re. Well, I have kept my word— I have never married anybody else. And here Mr. Brown walked moodiiy to tbe mantel piece, looked into the glass, sighed several times, then left the room and retired to his own apart ments en the 66C9Bd floor. ' '1 thought Sir Edmund was dead,' said Ladj 'So did 1,' s&ia; tne Doionei, -unui mew «o». ago. I found him in Cunbridge in the most abject poverty— in short, a beggar in the strictest sense of ibe word. He squandered the whole of his large fortune years ago as you may have heard. 'Yes,' said Lady Mary,' 'When I left England fer India, he was what he was when you first knew him, probably. When I next saw him, he was so much altered in his per sonal appearance as m his circumstances. 1 was horror- struck. That unfortunate man, Lady Mary, is an uncle of mine.' . ? insert rv- innait- And he was a lover of mine. and a friend of my brother's, and an acquaintance of Sir Charles.' ... * He may yet inherit great wealth; and u he do, I shall be his heir— hia next of kin. This depends upon a contingency. It ie not, however, fer tbe sake of any pecuniary benefit mat I or my succes sors may derive that I have rescued him, and re stored him to those comforts which he eDJojed in early life. It is because he is my relative, and because I would, if possible, by prolonging his life th wart those who fed upon him and fawned upon him in the days of bis prosperity, and then neglec ted and despised him when his fortune was ex hausted. Lady Mary; I world ask you, as a favour, not to mention to anyone, except to Sir Charles Beckless, that you have seea Sir Edmund in my house, lest my plans should be fuskated, or leaBt I should find myself involved in an equity suit, or some other suit at law. My object is to prolong the poor msn 8 lite; tbe object or omers woum oe to shorten it,' ' 1 will not even mention tfce circumstances to Sir Charles, Colonel,' said Lady Mary ; ' for, un happily, differences arose between Sir Charles and of them would be for uiore pleasurable to, Sir Charles. Sir Edmund evidently does nat remem ber whom 1 married ; for when he whispered in my ear, he pronounced the patronymic of my father's family.' JiW . K» * His brain is almost a perfect blank, Lady Mary; and yet there are times when he can not only cali to Bind the scenes of bygone days— ay, of his childhood — but discourse in an extremely enter ta'ning strain.' The reappearance of Leonora put an end to this conversation. She was d reesed in a d ark grey Iri eh poplin, trimmed with dark blue velvet, a bonnec to match the dress, and a shawl which had -been made, after a pattern of her own design, by that colony of exi'ed Casbmerians who settled in Loodi anati. This shawl was fastened by a cafe-eye brooch— a single stone, the «ze ef a pigeon's egg set very plainly ia the purest Indian gold. Leo nora looked like a queen. Lady Mary could not help contemplating her, — almost unto rude bobs. The Colonel saw Lady Jftry and his daughter lnio IDC carriage, men siopu uurc-ueaueu uii iue pavement, ana kept on bowing arM kissing bid hand to them until they hod turned tin corner and were out of sight. Colonel Ornsbiywas a par ticularly corteous man in his munneti, erpecially with ladies, When Augustus Reckless, who was standing at the door of the hotel, waiting for the carriage, beheld Leonora seated by his mother's side, bis heart palpitated violently, ;nnd his face became pale with joy. He approached Leonora and offered his hnnd ; but he could not speak for several seconds, except with his eytJ3, which were exceed ingly eloquent. Leonora returned the gentle pressure of Keckless'o hand and the tender looks which he gave htir; but there was upon ber features an expression of sadness. 