FACETIAE. • « The sacred heavens around him shine," wrote the poet. The compositor put it: " The sacred hyenas around him whine." "Why should we celebrate Washington's birthday more than mine I" asked a teachcr in Boston. " Because lie never told aliel" shouted a little boy. A young lady, while out walking, heard for the first time her mother's intention to marry agaiu, and she was obliged to sit down auA cry about it. She could not go a stepfather. A client complained to his counsel that the latter rambled too much in his argument to the jury. " Oh," exclaimed the barrister, " don't you know scattering shots hit the most birds ?" "Tell me, Mary, how to woo thee," is the title of a well-known ditty. " Give her a pair of diamond earrings and a tortoise-shell comb for her back hair," suggests an American contemporary. There is a new Rochefoucauld who says, "(Women love but once ; endeavor to be the man of every other occasion but that." He lias left his card at the club of the Woman's Rights So- ciety, and they want to have a quiet talk with him quite alone. " Who is that on my right ?" asked a gentleman of a keeper. "Lord Bagford, sir," replied the man. " Just go to him and tell him where I am." " Beg pardon, sir, I'd rather not" said the man, touching his hat; " his lordship always fires when he sees anything move." A Wyoming jury, composed of seven men and five women, were shut up for two days and two nights, and yet they couldn't agree. It is said that if they had remained out for seventeen years there would have been no verdict, as the five women talked the seven men deaf in the first six hours. " Hollo. Pat! What's the matter ? Is there anybody ill here ?" said a gentleman to an Irish laborer, who was engaged laying tan in front of Fishmongers' Hall. " No, 'sir, replied Pat, " there's nobody ill just now, but there'll soon be few fit patients for the hospitaL There's to be a moighty fine dinner here this evening." The following advertisement recently appeared in a Western paper ;—" A father wants to find a 6chool for his son where a manly and useful education will be given him, and where the teachers do not fill the heads of tneir pupils with humbug stories about nations that died and were buried thousands of centuries ago, not a citizen of which could either command a steamboat or keep an hoteL" Alexander Dumas the younger, when a student in the Quartier Latin, desired to make a good repast! with companion, and found on examining his purse a that it contained only five francs. " Wait," said he to his companion, " while I nm upstairs and borrow five more from my father, and with the ten we shall dine like princes." Well," inquired the waiting man on his return, " have you got the ten ?" " I haven't even the first five,"answered Dumas, ruefully—" my father is better at borrowing than I." Two Yankees were recently " running" each other on stockings. The first trader marked down the specimens at his door, and, after his rival had passed and noted the change, resumed the former prices. The trick was repeated every morning for a week or more, until the second trader was selling for five cents stockings which cost wholesale twenty-five cents. This was the first trader's opportunity. He engaged the services of several boys and girls, and, before the second trader was aware of the fact, his whole stock of stockings had been transferred to the counter of his rival at five cents per pair, and were being sold 1>3' him as "a baukrupt lot, at a great Racrificeand yet at a splendid profit. Some years ago the parishioners of Sedgetown, in Lincolnshire, had a grievance. Their vicar always preached the same sermon, and they desired a change. It was of no use to remonstrate with him, for he invariably replied that when they had done all he told them in that discourse he would give them another. At last a deputation waited on the bishop, and laid the matter before him. They had heard the same sermon, they said, every Sunday morning for ten vears, and were toed of it. His lordship owned tnat a little variety might fairly be insisted upon, after so long a season of monotony, and asked what was the subject of this ever-recurring sermon. " Subject!" repeated the first parishioner. " Let me see. It is about —what is it about, Higgins ?" " Well," said the second parishioner, " I don't mind exactly what it was about ?" " What was the text ?" asked the bishop. None of them could tell him the text. " Why, then," said the bishop, " I hardly know how to frame my remonstrance. Suppose you go and hear it once more." The following story is told of Bensley the actor. The spirits who alarm Richard III. in his tent were wont to appear up a trap en buste. Bensley, having been playing Henry VL, was awaiting impatiently to display his upper half as hie own ghost, and, having been invited to eup with some convivial friends after the performance, had divested himself of half his coBtume to save time. Presently he appeared under the stage, his upper man solemnly arrayed in black velvet and bugles, the lower in a tight pair of smart nankeen iantaloons. He placed himself upon the plat- cautioning the carpenter at the winch not j Jorm, to raise him too high, and, the cue being given, up he went. Close by stood a mischievous low comedian, who had been laughing at Beusley's odd appearance; and, the spirit of Tun being too strong for him, he suddenly gave the winch a few rapid turns, ran King Henry up to the level of the stage, and jerked him forward full into the sight of the audience. The roar of laughter which arose was tremendous. Even the conscience-smitten, terrified tyrant in the tent, at the eight ot the old Lancastrian monarch in a costume onging to two such different^periods, sat up and roared with the rest. 