Tambo Christmas Races [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] THE Tambo Christmas Races came off on thce days named - the 27th and 28th December. I have seen many Christmas meetings in Tambo, but none equal to this one. In the first place, tho stewards did their utmost to make the meeting a success-though justice com- pels me to say that nearly all the work fell upon two of them, the others thinking the weather too hot for any extra exertion. The secretary did his utmost in assisting the officials. There was a good sprinkling of the fair sex, and the course looked very lively. I am sorry to see so much protesting as is now common, as it causes a great deal of ill feeling when such things take place in a small community like ours. A protest was made in the Maiden Plate. The horse Lunatic coming in first, the boy got off of him before coming to the scale through ignorance, and the Stewards would not disqualify him. I believe there was a lot of money on the race, and the Stewards' decision did not give satisfaction to some of our townsmen. I was glad to see our Doctor pull off the Maiden Plate with Lunatic, and he won it easily from start to finish. He will make a good horse when he gets some age on him. The Subscribers' race brought out a good field of horses, and this race fell to our Doctor again by his horse Stirrup Iron. He is a nasty horse to ride, but his rider handled him first class. Then earner thc great event of the mooting the Christmas Handicap, which brought out no fewer than seven horses, and all thc cracks this side of Blackall. The handicap did not look well on paper, bot to the surprise of nearly everyone, but the winner, of course, thc black gelding, Haipoon, came in first, after a good struggle with the crack and favourite Slopmilk ; the well-known Orrcllc only getting third place. The next on the canis waB the Selling Hace. This was a lame affair, and fell to \V. Whit- man's mare. She was immediately put up to auction aud bought in for £14 10a., thus putting £4 10s. to the funds. The last race was the Maiden Hurdlo Hace, when seven faced thc starter : they all more or less baulked or ran through thc hurdles, and by that means it fell to ike fastest horse, but not thc best jumper, and thus ended the first day's races. In the evening we all enjoyed ourselves at Mr. Lemcnt's Theatre, and a person can do worse than spend Ss. with him, for I think we got thc worth of oar money. A great many came outon the second day for the purpose of seeing the great M'Gregor goover the big sticks-and a splendid eight it was which he accomplished exactly in hall-an-hour. Whengjthe flag fell his first rider took him up to the first jump which he refused, and no persuasion could induce him to go over. After several attempts, another rider, Yellow Billy, got on .him ; Mac could not seo it then ¡ but Billy, heine a game rider, rushed him at it, and succeeded in taking a iring off the first fence. Ile then went at the next, »nd after some dozen trials, he got over somehow ; at the third he came on to the jump and smashed it. It was a good thing for bis owner that tile jumps had been np so lung, or it would have been all np with him winning the double {this and Blackall). At the fourth jump the Scotchman again said "No you dont," but after repeated trials Billy walked him up to it and by continuous spurring got him to fairly climb over it. The other four jumps were a repetition of the former ones, and the only cheers given were for his rider. Mr. Whitman gave him £10, and there was a subscription got up on thc course for bis pluck. I da not think Mao will have the ghost of a chance at Blackall, {after what I have seen nf him,) where he will havo to meet horses that not only can jump and noe baulk, but that are a great deal faster than he is. His owner is plucky to send him down after the open show he made of himself. He may jump better down there, but I doubt it. The Cigar Race came next, which Crying Billy's Fiatcatcher won after a dead heat with Rose's Fly, through the good riding of Crying Billy. Thc next dn the cards was thc Flying Han- dicap, which brought out five of the orackB. This was a splendid race, and does great credit to the handicapper. Comiug down tte straight a blanket would have covered them. Gratis first caught the Judge's eyo, with Orvelle seoond. J The Donkey Race CBme next, and Mr.l Woods was thc lucky winner of £5 by thc race, bis horse being splendidly ridden by old Callaghan. Then came the Consolation Stakes, won by Slopmilk, who never was asked to gallop. Thc last race of the meeting was the Forced Handicap. Four accepted. This was a great boil over for the much-despised Llewellyn, who won after a game struggle with the black horse. This was the last race, and the company all went home, and had a good quiet night I took particular notice that both houses were shut up about 12 o'clock. I will also shut up. The running was as under : FIRST DAY. MAIDEN PLATE of £10 ; for all maiden horses ; one mile. Dr. Horderns Lunatic, 3 years ... 1 Mr. Whitman's Llewellyn, 5 years ... 2 Mr. Carroll's Brunette, aged. 3 Three others started, but were not placed. SCBSCRIDERS' RACE of ; for all Sub- scribers' horses ; one and a-holf miles ; welter weight for age. Dr. Hadeu's O.g. Stirrup Iron ... 1 Mr. Cane's Sprmg-heel Jack. 2 Crying Billy's Fiatcatcher . 3 TAMBO CHRISTMAS HANDICAP of Ü20, with a sweep of £1 each for second horso ; one and a-half mile. Mr. Carroll's Harpoon, 9st. 7ll« ... 1 Mr. Whitman's Slopmilk, 8et. 7 lbs... 2 Mr. Blythe's Orvelle, 10 st. 3 Mr. Whitman's Big Cheque, 9 st. 7 lbs. 0 Dr. Haden's Lunatic, 9 et.0 Mr. M'Clean's Gratis, 9 st. 10 lbs. ... 0 Mr. Whitman's Llewellyn, 8 st. ... 0 SELLING RACK, £8 ; to be sold for £10 ; j-mile heats ; weight for age. Mr. Whitman's Wittown . 1 Dr. Herden's Harkaway . 2 , MAIDEN HURDLE RACE of £10 ; for all maiden horses ; one and a-half milo ; over six jumps 3 feet fi inches ; welter weight for age, Mr. Morrissey's West Country Dick... 1 Mr. Storrett's Storrett. 2 Mr. Bell's Sweep .3 Four others started hut were not placed. 