POLICE' COUBT. ! Tuesday, August ,29th; 1870. ; Before Messrs. W. Tnvlcton, P.M., and ; F. A. .Downing, J:P. / \ \ DI8TURRING THE PEACE. ' "'"Maiy O'Brien pleaded guilty to having disturedtho peaco on.tho 28th iust., and' being her fii-st bffencoj sho wns only fined os., or in default sovonlcluys in gaol. . ' 5h L|,; s AI1SENT. 8E ASIAN. ' . J Jolni/TIiomas pleadod guilty to having been absent from the barquo Pot, on tlior .2fitli iii8t,,..without leave. ; i , Captain Wostbrook said tho dofeiidaht: Jiitd. beon absent from tlio ship .'threo' times during tlio Inst six weeks, i ' : Tho Polico Magistrate? said that cltsci- plino must bo maintained on board yes- sols, aud with that object ho would sentonco tlio defendant to four weeks' imprisou- CRUELTY TO CHILDREN. Sarah Ann Feligram, alias Laurence, alias Cooper, was charged by Superinten- dent Propsting with having unlawfully beaten her niece, Henrietta Myers, on the 24th. inst. j' ; i Tho defendant qileadednot guilty, and hvas dbfendodiby ili. T. Shccliy. j l» \- Henrietta Myors doposed.that sho livod with , defendant, who was hor aunt, in Smith-street. y pn tho 24th inst. ,- witness wont to tho ' houso' of ?ia poraon imnicd Bcddome, nt 7.30 p.m., with hor sistor.) Went homb'rit 8 o'clock, but did 'not seo defondant .tlioro,. slio not being i in.. 1 Shortly ; afterwards -'defendant returned and having asked witness whoro alio -liad; beon, tokl her sho hnd no right to go to Boddomo's, as sho liad forbidden hor to doVo; ' ' Having JtoldV witness to strip miked, she then boat her with switches ' bfl' a pliim' tree. " .Witncssls; sister Lucy was present during tho flogging. '< Boforo, ,-witnoss. lyent r to (bed,> the, ,dofondhrit, rub: i bod'biitidr hnd salt oii'her back/ Witness had lived with'. defendant for two; years ; and; twp'XtoMths/'sinco hor niothor's death, ;hcr, fntlfpi' bcingCaptain of the Marie. "LaiU'b/iAD.iU'ing tliat' tiiiio tho dofondnut! had notq boon .very, kind to her. Her, paibnts luul always permitted her, to. go to Beddomo's- houso; ya i ( . By Mr. T. Sheohy ;,«IiL-8.;Hepbui-ii, tlio, defendant's daughter, t liyop /with nib.' I fsleop- at tlio . hou80/at/ SmiUi-8ti"eot, and | . spout the diry at . Uiodefqiuiailt's house in p-- - Elix:ibotli-sti'qct. My fathor lias told mo not tor visit niiy hoighbour's houso uuloss in' company with -.my aunt. Tho de fendant lias beaton mo 'whilst father was in port.' My little sistor Lucy was in hod, and from tlio timo Lucy ami mysolf loft till -Mrs; iHophuht camo down; wliicli was about half-an-hour, tlio houso was unpro tected. Whon Lucy and mysolf put Louisa to hod wo woro . partly un- 'drossod, ' and 'afterwards put oil bur things again- to go to Beddomo's. When we ' went homo Mrs. Hepburn : ro- -fusbd Us admission, stating that tho I de fendant had beou sent for. Tho defendant asked whore I had been, nnd I told her a lio, saying that I had boon in an outhouse. It was huttor and salt which tho dofondant rubbbd'on-iny back, tho skin tlibn being cut.': It was not potted butter. T havo known defendant put i>ottod: buttor on bruises. At defendant's request immedi ately aftor tho beating I wont down with tlio dofondant and Mrs Hopburn to a Mrs! Boston, in order that tho lattor might - toll my fatlior of the boating." By ' tho Boiich : I stripped perfectly naked beforo tho defendant beat mo with plum switches,, which sho purposely got froni tho gardon. Thoy woro as 'thick 'lis tho top of my fingor. Sho boat mo for a quarter of an hour. Slio usod five switches, soino 'of which woro brokon. Slio boat mo all ovor tho. back, shouldors, and loins. Blood ' camo ' froiii my arm. I eriod out aiid asked hor to desist. Dri Hall doposod that ho oxaminod the last witness at the watclihoiisa on Friday, hist.. Ho found, on tho. back pavt of .tlio porson, froin the bottom ; of tlio neck ou tho hack and' loins, on tho buttock and flat portions of tho thighs, numerous tod streaks, tlio skin broken in throo places. Hor body wns much omaciated, tlio skin hnnging looso ou tho ffesh, and prcsonbing tho appoaranco of a person insuilicioutly nourished. Sho was fooblo, and at pro- soiit has a weak pnlso and a furred tongue, though tho pain of tho stripes has been much amolioratod. by tho uso of eucalyp tus ointment.' A cano' or switch would inflict Bimilar marks, but it would want heavy blows to cause thoni. Tho marks woro so mini orous that ho could not count them. Viewing tho oxtont of skin laid under cliastisoment tho pain must have beon vory aggravated. lie might ronmrk that in ordinary, flagollatioii of mon a vory small ; portion of the skin, was bruisocl, and after, a fow strokes, it becomes insonsiblo : to Tho chastisoniont did not iu any way como - : within tlio ; bounds ; of jmodor- ation.' :i ' . Mr. T. Shcoliy,for tho dofonco, admitted tlio girl lmd beon subjected to a vory sovbro chastisemont, but submitted that tho aggravation justified it.: Tlio cause of tho beating was chiefly for the lio told, and tho net of disobodienco, and neglect in going out of tho houso, leaving tho doors wido_opcn and hor sistor unpro tected. Ho culled , Elizabeth Hepburn, daughter of tlio I dofondant, who deposed that on hor re-, -turniug homo on -Friday hist sho fbuiul ' Lucy and Henrietta: Myers. / "Witness | locked tho doors, loavingthoiu outside in I tho yard, nnd sout for tho. defendant. ) Hor niothor had often beaten her iii the samo stylo as the Myera' childron', and applied butter, eithor fresh or potted, to tho stripes. Witness had been houso kcoping for tho childron, who always had as much to cat ns would satisfy them. Mrs. East on, another witness, was call ed, but Mr. Propsting stated that sho had boon in Court all tho limo. Mr. Slieoliy said sho wns morely culled to prove that tho dofondant took tho girl Myors down to tho witness aftor tlio boat ing. Tho Bench said it had nothing to do with tho charge. . j This . concluded the ovidonco iu tho ensb. 1 ' ' '' '! 17 r Tlio Polico Magistrate; in giving' tlio decision of thoJloncli, said that thoy did not deny that tho dofqudant had tho right of a parent to chnstiso tho girl, and it was the duty especially of tho parent to chas tise for such an oiibiico as a lio, above all others, yet that chastisement must bo of a modornto character, and in all cases tlio punishment,, niust bo reasonable ; audit was for tho magistrates . to dccido iu this coso whether the chastisement wns of a 3 rensonablo character. After -hearing tho > evidence of tho ; girl herself, and of Dr. ' Hall, thoy could not but come to tlio con clusion that tlio mmishmont was totally unroasouablo. Tlio whole of it wns n scene of sickoning cruelty. Slio. first stripped tho girl naked, aud then wont into tho ynrd and obtained tlio switches, bigifcing .thqr. child for a quarter of ait hour. 'Tho'wliolo was n sickening scono of cruelty, mid tlio Bonch folt it ; to be thoir duty to inflict mora than a lino, and put tlio dofondant to ssino . inconvenience. , ,Thqy.had not, tho. power, linfortunatoly, "to. order hor to 'bo (logged, .but tlioy could, nt'any rate; send lior tn tlio Femnlo Houso of Correction . for tho. period;; of three 'illo'nthlL ,ra;. : 1 r : j ; Mr Suporintbiidont Propsting applied that the -dofondant might also bo ordered to' pay £2 2sV for costs of medical attoml- uiico.to tho girl.. Tlio Beiich gi-'anted' the application; . hlr. Propsting furthor applied tluit some 'instruction might bo given as to tho cus tody of tho... children.. Ho said that Mr. Hodbcrg,' who f was in 1 courts lmd stated on belialf of MivShcrwin, that tlio £fi a moiith would bo paid to anyo'no tlio Bench ordered to linvo'clmigo of tho childron," Mr; :Tarlbton';said that tlio application could bo inado to him in his room, ami, acting as a Administrator of Charitable Grants, liowoitld dccido what wiistobodono witli tlio four childroii. ; stone v. now. , .No -appearance, of either , party. Caso dismissed. ' . " " " | "Tahite, " in .tlio. Australasian, in "writing ' upon tlioiitrbsi &c.i-; -says; "The F.akit-. iilonsnnfcest of men. deftest! of con- jurors, most beguiling of illusionists, varies his c 'tcrtaiiuncnt continually. And his per- fonnancea lmvo this , merit, tliat tho mora familiar you bccomo with thorn the better you liko them, thus reversing tho proverb well remembered as a 'heading ot< copy books. . On Monday night tlio Governor and Lady Boweii' ivcro present,.: and- the oiitor- tainntcht appeared to a fibril \thohi as much nimiscment as it lias done' and continues to do to less distinguished -vi'itors to St.; Gcorgb's Hall. This wcok-. tho clover but ihorriblo Aua'tos has;' been reproduced, mul the ghost-business lias been: again shown in connection with thd'Hlomon of tho money bags. Tho gcntlcman;wlie .sang indifferently lias been raplaceil(.by a; young lady (Miss. Bcaumout), wlioao .siiiging is a pleasing con- .tnisfc \vit!i wlmt has preceded it, for sho has shot 7nnly ' an " ngrd; ablo voico, but a well- cultivated stylo of using it, and a good dbnl of natural power ' of :qxpression. " ";,Fat inun always1 iu menr to bb " irood 'follows," unless tlioro is some proof to tho -contrary f wo; always, imagine thorn an idways-to-bo-opobtod carthquoko'of laugh jtciv aiicl ready oil all occasions to die of a' veiy dropsy of Vdoliglit, -."Laugh and grow fat"; is thotruo proverb j; and wo iinnginb ovcry fat mail has gained- his !cra- dontiais to bo called a fat man by long yeai-s bf jbo'd hinuouV aiid laughter. : iV' 