THE STORiY-Tr.LI,FH. 2iVED FROY 7'LE fIiECK. AN ORIGINAL TALE BY RENO. (Cotiaed from ouear last). CHAPTER VI. "Ye realms, yet unrevealed to hnman sight! Ye Gods, whorale the regions of the' nightl Ye gliding Ghosts ! permit me to relate The mistic wonders of yourailent at.t." V?RoL. Yes, I am in old England at last! but not with feelings of uuallayed pleasure did I set foot upon its soil. The establishment of Madam Muza rin is most imposing; but everything feels cold and fornial; and all its munmates regard mes as one of an in. frio,r . race of beings; the term ' Australian !" here, is looked upon in the same light as we view that of '- African!" When I make a remnark the girls seem' as much surprised as was ?al am when his ass spoke. Every o:le was pleasantly disappointed in me, they expected to see a wild girl of the woods; a grown up nonentity, wlhon. they could pet and patronise,. while enjoying, her credulous sim plielty. I had a great mind to play "' the simple," and be surprised at every thing, and profess to know nothing, as they expected; -only I resented the slur cast upon my native land too much, and determined to do it credit, and astonish my companions by mak ing them own the error into which they had fallen with respect to the state of civilization of W. A. It was no easy task to part from all on board the " Conqueros," and they seemed so sorry to lose me; the dear old Captain's emotion nearly chokedl him when he said adieu, and as he took me in his arms and blessed me, I felt a tear fall upon my face, he has promised to come and see me when ever he is in England. Mr. Chalmers invited me to stay with his wife, he has been a true friend, and I do hope to meet him again some day. Mr. Temple stood leaning over the side of the ship (just in the spot where we had stood together when he asked me to be his), he heard the others say ing farewell, but did not move. I looked towards him, till the power of will made him raise his eyes, I smiled pensively, and he came forward; he was very pale and the large gray eyes wer'e pleadingly eloquent. He did not speak, I saw he could not; we clasped each others hand fervently- be raising my to his cold lips, then darted 'away as though afraid longer to trust himself. . Next came thef keenest pang of all, poor Reggie; she had'busied her self in packing a irunk for me, for though I reached the good ship in such a destitute condition, its kind in. unates were determined that I should bear away full many a trophy of my sojourn. Captain Storey presented se with an exquisite Chinese cabinet, richly inlaid with silver, and filled with charming little nicnacs and curiosities. Mr. Chalmers gift was an Indian muslin robe, embroidered ela burately. And Dr. Renehaw (who, now that I was about to leave, in formed me that I had won from him more interest and respect than he felt for any of my sex, save his mother), b gged me to accept a superb sapphire bracelet; the setting is light and ele eutt the wurkmanship being quite a triumph of art. I hesitated greatly to appropriate anything so handsome; but as he insisted in a most .matter-of fact way; I yielded, telsing him that its matchless magnificence, would render it a most appropriate moment of the doner, . He bowed, seemingquite to acknow lodge the justice. \- The Exile of Erin brought a little gem cf an Irish'harp, it is small, but the cords sound so sweet and plain tive. It astonisihe.s me where these a. val men kep all their treasures, Itr. Chauluers in particular could pro duce countless relics; old ldce worked. b1 the honored hands 4f his great g rundmcther7 and innumerablo antique anilpreciou triflUs, be'loging to hie ancestors. Ralll'he Temtple laid on my tsble a packet containing an ebnty picture same which he had caived (this was his favorite employment), the devices of fait and fflowers were delicately. beautiful in design and execution; at the bottom the word " Vivia" was engraved, there were also a watch and ritsg stand, toilot candle sticks, &c.; And.R gina's addition,· was a pic ture of medium 'size (from.her own pencil), it portrayed one side of an is land, whose scenery was varied and. charming; and on the beach beneath as drooping banana's shade with the blue crested billows kissing her- feet, lay the inanimate form of a young girl, one soft arm extended, gleaming white and cold beneath the sunlight, and theother resting with its fingers classed around a lokedtr the cosmnass hanging byitseide. Itwas avivid scene, and every detail in beautiful harmony, the careless grace with which the dark tresses were tossed back from the mar ble like brow, the tender blue veined eyelids, one could looked at, uncon aciously waiting for them to unclose; on real did the whole thing appear. I could not fail to recognise myself, and I wondered greatly how Reggie could picture so brilliantly, a scene which-I do believe she never saw !! Dear Regina I miss her more thin any of them, our nature's seemed so attuned to each other, there was that perfect confidence and union of soul between us, which links so closely young hearts; it'is not every one who can understand me, people (even girls) are so apt to misinterpret one's words and actions; and misjudge their motives-but there is .none of this about Reggie; pure in thought, and hligh I"incipled, she could not stoop to ascmibo anything to mean motives; which might spring from simple causes. I gave her my locket, with a curl which she herself severed from its companions, and asked..me to kiss, ere she confined it beneath the glass. I shall never forget our parting, it was cad beyond description, for there was something she wished to tell me, yet could not! I read it first in the wistful depths ofther eyes, and the yearning unsatisfied cadence in her mellow voice, which rings still in my ears, like a. pleading pitiful wail as she said "Oh Vivia, promise that you will not forget me; that your love for ,poor Reggie will not turn to hate whatever happens; do not think.that I deceived you-but oh forgive-for give me; darling I wish I could tell you all." "M[y precious Regina why do you speak in this way ?" "Forgive you ! nonsense dear girl, you will ever hold the dearest, most treasured place in my heart-God bless you, .for your unselfish. de votion." She clasped me in her arms with passionate fervor, kissing from my cheeks the falling tears: and I felt as though my heart would break when Mr. Chalmers, with gentle firmness, bore me from her The monotonous. round of school life was to-day broken by news from Australia; and a letter from poor 'Aunt-a strange epistle indeed! a cold shiver ran through me as I read, "Vivia dear girl I am wracked with fears-do tell me all, hide nothing fro , me, for I already fear the worst Iam notofan imaginativetemperament, nor superstitious as you know, but I cannot doubt my senses; one iight I was sitting in my room writing a letter to my precious Charley; all the other members of the house had retired: so I was not a little surprised to be come conscious that there was a being in the chamber besides myself; I raised my eyes, and lo!-my son was before ' me his sunny . curls be spattered with 'foam, and . the water dripping from his garments; his face was White, marble, and looked worn and fatigued, his eyes were dim, and spiritless, and from' a wound on his forehead the life-blood trickled- with one wild cry I sprang towards him, but when I would have clasped him to my breast, my arms encircled naught save empty air! then I reali sed that it was 'a fantom, not my child; and knew that he must be in the jaws of the waves, if not of death ; I', flung myself upon my kntes, and prayed as I never had none, for that dear life so 'precious to me." She continuee to tell. how on the fol lowing morning she had been en treated to go to Mfr. Sheridan's to see her. little son, Edward, who had been Charley's oldest friend ; she went, and found the boy in bed, there was a feverish flush upon hie cheek, and a strange brightness in his eye, he dis cribed the exact scene which she had witnessed on the preceding night, it appeared to him also; but no one would credit his story, for he was naturally nervous, and sensitive It was a strange warning indeed, one of those things for which we can not account, though forced to believe: it will however help me greatly in the painful task of breaking the news to poor Aunt of her bereavemient Three years have elapsed since I unclosed these pages, my term of school life expired twelve months ago; and since that time I have lived with my :Aunt's cousin Mrs. Boswell; she has two daughters who I found at Madam Mazarine's school, they are about my own age. Cleopatra the elder, is a high spirited imperious girl; brillia t in company, and sar castical when she pleases; she is quite a blonde, and very handsome it was long before sheand I could arrive at> a good understanding; for the ,first year of-our acquaintance, we were continually at war, rivalling each other in keen sarcasms-for I too, can handle this weapon with perfect ease; though it is one to which I seldom resort-but Cleo is. warm hearted .'and generous. withal, and at last we became firm friends. The younger sister Frances, is one of the sweetese girls I ever met, gentle, and affectionate by nature, with a highly cultivated.mind, and glowing imagination ;; she too, is fair, but it is quite a diffesenc order of beauty from her sisters. The mobile-lips have no haughty curve with them, and when she praises anything you need not wait to decide whether it is in deri sion-the'smile is bright and genuine, and the voice musical; her hair is scarcrely golden, but that soft sad colored hair, of many tints, and she wears it in rich coils above the fair in tellectual brow. But she is in delicate health and the physicians order a change of climate, so next month we three are going to the Houth of France under the care of Dr. and Mrs. Middleton. Five weeks have elapsed I am once more upon the sea, and in very agreeable company; Cleopatra hopes I shall not prove a Jonah, for she has no taste lor aquatic adven tures. CHAPTER VII. " Not quite forgotten, though years endeavor To fling a veil between thy soul and mine; Deep in my heart thy memory liveth ever, By tears and smiles unaliered is thy shrine." The change of air has proved bene ficial to Frances already, though we have been so short a time from home. We are now on board the mail steamer. Just before we started, I had a long letter from my old'friend Regina. It is only the fourith I have received since weparted; she tells me the" Con-. queror ".has borne, her all round the world, during the three years of our separation, and now she is in England once more; it is horribly provoking that I should have just left. She writes on her twentieth birth. day ;" I never thought her older than me, and I am eighteen, though to speak truly I cannot tell what caused the impression for her thoughts were wider; and more matured than mine, her whole nature stronger. Yet there was an artless candour and utter Ireedom from social restraint about her, which seemed incompatible in ? girl girl who had attained the dignity of seventeen. .I "must say one thing more before I continue the present. My last sur viving relative, Aunt Ansdelle, is no more; the blow which the loss of her only son inflicted, gradually told upon her health and she she faded out of life, as expires a flame, when the gases by which it is fed are exhausted. Oharley was the only hope or joy which life contained for her, and when he had gone, the great yearning to be at rest against which, age, aye and even youth, has to struggle, conquered all other desires. To ue she left nearly the whole of her property, with an income of about £900 a year, express ing a wish that I would? use every means in my power to advance the aims and objects which it would have been her noble boy's chief delight to carry out. - I was interrupted at this point by Cleo, who came in declaring that I was a most disagreeable travelling companion, " why do yo'n sit writing there, it is a .lovely day, come on deck." Accordingly I went, " rances joined us, and we were there quietly pro menading, (I reading screps to them fromla periodical), when two gentle men approached, one of whom came :o a full stop, the other continuing to walk leisurely on. I looked up, the book fell from my hands, and an ovorpowering sense of joy thrilled my whole soul. But why ? Who was this that paused alid gazed at me as though transfixed, while every feature of the high-souled face beamed as though illiumned by a sud den flash of sunlight ? Neither spoke; and Cleo astonished beyond. everything at thisi strange re connoitre, grasped my arm, exclaim ing imperatively- . " What is the matter ? Have you twisted your foot ?" This recalled the gentleman's pre sence of mind, though I could not col lect my scattered senses, raising his hat with the dignity-of a prince, lihe stooped and restoring the fallen book, said " Pardon me, but I am surely not mistaken is supposing you to be Miss Vautior ?" " No, I am she, oh I am so glad to see you again," and our hands met in a warm and friendly clasp. I scarcely knew what I said, for my. .thoughts were so confused, I could not have told, had my life bean hangii g on the knowledge, who this aristocratic look ing gentleman was. "The longer I looked at him the more puzzled did I become. I never remember to have seen him before, and yet every ex pression of the face, every.tone of the voice seemed familiar, it was impos sible too, that-a mere stranger could have moved me so deeply. " It is very .stupid of me," I at length exclaimed, " but though 1 re "cognised you in an instant, and felt such pleasu e at the meeting, I can not even now call to mind your name." An amused smiled played round his lips, as drawing out a card he handed it to me-" Lieutenan -R.' Lancelot Frere, H.M.S. Conqueror." I lead it twice, then looked up at him in surprise, his eyes were scan ning my features, with a look of merriment. Cleo too was all atten tion, and dreading her sarcasms I- re frained from questioning, for to con fees thatl had never spoken to this gentleman before, would look strange indeed, after such a demonstration. '" Tell all about the dear old Con queror," I said, " Captain Storey, and Regina." " The Captain is as good humoured and generous as ever, but after you left he pined as though he had lost a child of his own. Regina is well, but I will tell you more of her another time." His voice quivered as he' said this, and he looked uneasy. " Is Mr. Chalmers still on -bonar ?" " No, he retired six months since, and is living on a lovely estate in Cornwall." " You do not asklabout Mr. Temple, Miss Vantier, have you forgotten him ?" he said after we had discussed several others. . Oh no," I answered with as sumed carelesaess, "I never forget old friends, and Mr. Temple like many'others on board was very kind to me." " Would you be surprised if I were to tell you that after your departure he died broken hearted ?" " Assuredly" I answered," laugh ing, though my face grew uncomfortably . hot beneath the scrutiny ot my tompanions,- " but seriously Mi. Frere, Mr. Temple is is well I hope ?" " He was Miss Vantier, but he has recently abondoned the "Con queror"-and not alone !" There was so much meaning in the glance accompanying these words,4 but they awoke a dim sense of un easiness in my mind. " Who has left besides?" I queried " Dr. Redshaw; and poor Captain Storey no longer calls Regina daughter !" A terrible suspicion crossed my mind, for I. well remembered how eagerly she entreated, that I would not encourage Ralph Temple; how jealously she kept her place at my side, that he might not speak to me alone; I always thought. she loved him, though she denied it: could it be that they had elopeed? "I do not understand, is Regina married to Mr. Temple ?" "I think not; indeed I almost fancy Renshaw held the highest place in her regard, but even the Captain is uncertain with which of them she quitted England." "It is impossible I gasped I re ceived a letter from her the very morning we started" the. young mean. sighed, "I suppose she did not take you into her confidence, Miss Vantier, was there any" clue given of her intentions ?" "None" I answered "It is sad indeed" he continued " but, did you not think her always rather peculiar ?'" "I thought her the most unselfish, large-hearted girl I had ever met." I answered warmly " my affection for her was such as I could never feel for another, therefore if you are not her friend also, please do not speakof her to me again; an indignant flush miounted to myface, as I said this ; Mr. Frere did notresent my impulsive speech however, but looked down upon ume with a softened expression, as of kindly pity-we walked on for some moments in silence, Clho and Frances were in front of us "Miss Van ier believe me I re spect your stanch attachment to Regina, too much to say one word to wound you." "How is it" "that I did not be come acquainted with you while I e as on board ?" I asked after a long pause : "I heard that you were on special service, but if so, how did you recognise me to-days ?". "you know Miss Vantier you were'with us nearly two months, before you wer a conscious ; and I had not then been appointed on the ser vice of which you speak, thus it is that Ihave the advantage," " but your face and'voice seemed strangely fami liar to me, I really cannot account for it." "Truth to tellit is not so surprising as you imagine ; for during those two months, I was often beside you; and you did me the honor (of which I was not a little proud) to prefei your food from my hand rather than any other's." I do not think he liked to tell me this, for - he crieisoned to his temples, on which the blue veins stood out with painful distinctness. (To 'be Continued) 