THE DAY-S SUMMARY.) . . ,. s The Legislative . Council mot at the usual hour yesterday afternoon. ' The. Port' Albany Bill and tho Municipalities' Bill wore read! a first time. Mr^ - Gregory's resolutions as to tho desirability of fixing tho points of ?junction' of-::tho' New -^South. Wales ---and Queensland ? railway. . systems, and 'of tho appointmoiit of a commission to enquire jin£o the matter, were agreed to. Tho Deceased Wife's Sister Marriage Bill was read a, second time. - The' Oaths Act Amendment Bill and the Real Property Act Amendment Bill passed) and returned to the Assombly. Tho Land Bill was considered in committee Tho further consideration of the bill was postponed until to-day. Tho Pastoral Leases Bill was read a first timo. Tho Houso adjourned nt ton o'clock until. tho usual hour to-day. '?''.The Logi.Hlutivo'Assembly nict nt tho usual hour' yesterday... afternoon.' Mr. Kingsford presented a potition # from tho Municipal Council_ag:\inst'j,tho Fire, Brigades Bill. Mr. ?Beattie said that he should inovo for n isoleot committco to consider tho petition,* whicli^hp aUeged- oontained untruths. Owing to the thuhdorslorm, thu House adjourned for^.half an hour. Mr. Bailoy drow attontion to tho fact thnt tho settlers at Trinity Bay' had pre vented Cbinainon'from landing from tho Lord Ashley. Mr. Stewart and Mr.' \ Douglas said stops had been taken to prevent a recurrence of ?uch conduct. Mr. Diokson obtained leave to^ introduce a how Navigation Bill and a now' Stamp Duties Act Amendment Bill. The Oaths Bill and the Real Property Act Amendment Bill, received from the Council, wero read a first timo. The Pastoral Leases Bill was re-committed and subsequently read a third timo, and trans mitted to tho Council. Tho Hotiso then wont into Committee of -Supply. By consent tho item for Mr. Macdonald's claim was postponed^ All tho items in tho Colonial Secretary's De partment, except an amount of £550 in con nection with the Philadelphia Exhibition, woro passed. Tho Honseadjourned at half-past 11, until the usual hour to-dny. 'The Porter's Knot' and tho burlesque of ' Black Eyo'd Susan' were performed at tho theatre last night. Both pieces will be repeated this evening. The now time-table of the Southern and Western Railway is published. It shows an additional train each way1 between -Brisbane-, Toowoomba, Dalby, and Warwick, and an extra late train from Brisbane to Ipswich, and one from Ipswich to Brisbane. A meeting of ratepayers in the Valley Ward ivfle Tinlr? lnef. Tiin-l»f. tn omiairlnr tlin puffin'* down of Duncan's Hill, when it was agreed that it was advisable to cut down ten feet from tho top of the hill. [ _ . . ? ; A boy named Joseph Liplaw was drowned yesterday while bathing in a waterhole in the Victoria Park. Mb. O'Keefb, one of tho candidates for the- vacant seat: for' tho North Ward in the Municipal Council, addressed a meot ing of the ratepayers of tho North Ward- in ? '- the Leichhardt-streot school room. Mr. J. M'Kellar, tho_ other can didate 'will address the ratepayer? on Tuesday ovening next, at the late non-vested school, Leichhardt-street. ' The Colonial Secretary has received a tele gram from Mr. .Howard St. George, dated Cairns, October IS, stating thatnotwithstanding the presence of the police, the people at Trinity Bay used force to prevent tho landing of some Chinese passengers. Mr. St. George recom mends that a strong body of police be sent to tho spot to vindicate the law. : . We regret to announce that Mr. Thomas James White, tho editor and one of tho pro prietors of the Darlirff Downs Gazette, died at his residence, near Toowoomba, about fiyo. o'clock yesterday afternoon. ; Constabse Edward M'Ginlay, who died yesterday, was buried this afternoon. The barque Sepia, from London, arrived at Capo Moretou this afternoon. Bishop O'Quixk will hold a confirmation service at Maryborough on Sunday. The Assizes commenced at Maryborough this morning before 3Ir. Justice Lutwyeho. The jVLvcDoyALD difficulty lias disap peared for a time. Mr. Faucisb has. very wisely abandoned Ins untenable position, and in tlniiig'no lias, of course, declared that he will never yield. The ' Stonewall' which was thus so thought lessly set up by the Opposition has yiven way to a sort of wire fence, through which light cau bo seen, but which still presents a modified obstruction. The wire fence wo suppose will ultimately be abandoned, just as the stonewall lias been, though it may be expected that there will be a good deal of palaver over the ceremony, in the meantime tho work of the ses sion, it may be hoped, will proceed gradually, subject to the inevitable dis pensations of Providence which take the form of points of order and ques tions of privilege. 'These, in the hands of Mr. Walsh and a few of his admirers, have become un failing resources for the purpose of lengthening the sessioni— and thoy will, no doubt, bo brought to bear oil the proceedings of Parliament with that unflinching pertinacity 'which charac terises the proceedings of' the member for the Warrego. In this respect, his late experience in the chair, and the armament he now has at his command in the form of precedents, enable him to inflict serious penalties upon those who wish to make the best use of their time in the -work of legislation. In. ...the meantime, however,, the postponement -of the £6,000 vote is a relief, lhe offer for postponement which was made by the Government ought to. have been accepted at once. Tho usual practice is to take votes of this -kind on the Sup plementary Estimates, and. exception had been taken by the Opposition to its appearing in the Estimatesin chief. When the suggestion for postponement in this form was first made it was acceded to. Then came the threat that it should never be passed. This was done after the vote had practically been affirmed by the majorities recorded against the amend ments. _3?rom the very first moment when this threat was made it became evident _ that it could not be carried out without bringing things to ^a dead-lock. But it would have beeW ridiculous for a Parliamentary mi nority to' have chosen such a weak defensive position ou a question which was certainly not of vital importance. When the. ground came to be examined this became so evident that a retreat uQitiuLo lucTituuici aavorjuuuy ih co 06 congratulated on -this. Discretion is' certainly the better part of valour, and Mr. . Palmer has been both discreet arid valorous. Valorous in; declaring that',, he. would- nerer ,- yield, and that the vote must be, with drawn, but discreet in that he lias not acted on his declaration. ; So, after all, the .postpone ment has beenallowed. The question 'of principle will now be fought out at the end of tho session, and not in the middle' ofyit. There is some hritie, therefore, -. that the 'Stonewall' tactics will bo held in abey anco for .a f ew ? weeks until the Estimates-iii- Chief are' passed. When that time-comes, when '.the Eailway Reserves ;Bill has passed !through com mittee and^when the loan -yotos have been carried, tho_ MA.CDb}TAT,n vote will be a good ejecuso fbr.spondirjg the spare limb- at the'disposal 'of the ; Assembly. It will rieycrvbe pass'ed^we i are , assured, and tliebusines of the session having been ' .thenjyell advanced,.Mr. Palmeu's com pact and determined minority will be in a position to devote (heir days and nights tpthojlefence of tlio constitution.. Nevertheless, the Assembly are to be congratulated; on;' the truce. which has bebu proclaimed. The postponement having been, effected, it is to be hoped that'tho real Gght will be a good one when it docs! come oft'. It ought to be short, sharp, and decided. '? Few things in modern '.lii.story.f. arc more striking or ? pleasing , than 'the marvellous : emcrgenco from the ex clusion of' ages of the Japanese nation. ' Formerly, there overhung it; a veil as dark and impenetrable as that which shuts off the Chineso Empire from the outer world. The latter is still jealous lest its inner life, its secret history, should becomo known. Its, swarming millions would remain, could their rulers decide, as closely enclosed from the observance and intercourse of European races as they have been for many centuries. Not so is it with Japan. Im 1SG9, a great revolution occurred in that country. The Mikado, in that year, overthrew by force of anna the hitherto independent Daimios, or feudal noblcsl The. so.vereign bears the title of Supreme Lord or Emperor. He is an absolute '''authority over things spiritual and temporal. The govern ment is, in. its basis, European. The Great Council- is divided into three sections. : There appears to he a desire to form every institution on European models. Her rulers are not afraid of. European intercourse. Some of the most promising of Japanese pupils have been sent, at public expense, to America and^Englandtobe educated. It is only five years since the present system of education was inaugurated. Then a board .of public instruction was jfqrmed. Since' that time education_has made wonderful 'strides. There are now three millions ? of children in the schools, as many, as are being taught in' England itself, and sixty thousand of those are learning the English language. There. was education before; but Tiot to the samo .extent, nor quite of tlie same kind -\ as now. It may here be stated that the trade of Japan is chiefly transacted with England and America. Hence the .importance of the English language, and the need for its acqui sition at the. schools. ? Thero is . a -TJni-' versity;in Tedo*. Before referring mbro particularly to that we may notice.the preparatory school which, instructs six hundred youths. Everything in this college is taught through the English language. The following are amongst the questions to bs answered in Eng lish : ' Write ten lines from HAMT/si, addressing his father's.ghost.' ' When did English literature get its highest inspirations from what events and tra dition?, and when?' ' Mention the iiain.es and. works of six eminent writers in the lS'th and lOlli century.' In the University there are three hundred and fortv-ninestudents. Formerly education here was free, 'but now moderate fees' have to be paid. 'The chairs include nearly every 'science,' several European languages,., with their respective, de partments of literature, law, and various )raiiches of technical instruction.' This institution is under the' directorship of Hataket.vm'a, who was educated in America, and there embraced tho Chris tian religion. Several of the professors are Christian ministers. But only as educators of the people would they be tolerated;. Missionaries arenotallowed to pursue' their vocation ' in Tedo. They may .open schools to any extent but not preach. Near the preparatory college -there is a Government school for ladies where; there., arc upwards of a : hundred'1 /Japanese , young ladies *,- instructed ' in ? the higher branches., The school has a Ja panese and an English- department. The former is taught by ' native ladies, the lattervby, English or American ladies. A-recent visitor to this school, from whom we have already quoted; saw a. class ,| of; '.select . scholars studying natural philosophy' ( 'f r,'o'm ..a text, .book which had b'een'translatecl f roiii English. The -'teacher was a native lady of high attainments.. There, is also a girls' normal' institution, [..for. training inis-' tresses for the female . schools: -The buildings are all :oh '.the ? models 'of, English or American .'-schools. The' superintendent of the formal School Mr. NAKAiirjEA is,: a -first-class Japanese' arid Chinese scholar, and sufficiently well, acquainted ..,, with English to justify him in trans lating into his native tongue such a work as, J. S. Mills', book on ' Liberty,' and to attempt the same process with. 'Butler's. Analogy.', Who can forecast the ; influence upon the future of Japan of such education ?- Tho population of ;Great'Britam, Ire-' land, -and' the Channel Isles was, in 1871, three millions leBs than tlie popu-' lation of Japan. The area of Japan is oue-third larger, than that of the United Kingdom. 'We almost dare to prodict, from what we have read of the native character,' that Japan !will become the Britain- of the East. '.The Yedo. Bay is' twenty-three miles Iotijdc and thirteen broad. Yotohaiffai -;on Tthe . eoast, is the largest, Europoan,) settlement' in the country. The capital is distant nineteen miles by rail 'All the railway arrangements are on th'eAmerican plan. All railway; 'employes, all police, and all subordinate^civil servants dress compul sorily in European costume; Eish and rice are the common diet, farming is well done. ' The imports' of British goodwill: 1873 amounted to !£1,6SO,O17. The 't'principal articles 'of export are tobacco,- rice, and wax. Quietly and eflce'tively' has this nation taken its place, in the ranks of civilised countries. All Anglo-Saxons must feel some interest in a people who are adopting their,:languago, culture, politics, and commerce-. 