THE REV. T. JARRETT ON TEMPERANCE. The second of the series of seraous ontem* . perance which the Pioneer Lodge of Good Templars have recently arranged to be delivered in Mount Gamhier was preached in the Primitive MethodiBt "chapel on Sunday evening last by the Eev. T. Jarrett. The chapel was well filled. After the preliminary devotional exercises, .; ,, Mr. Jarrett, who was suffering front? a; severe cold, asked his congregation for that reason to pardon any. short-comings that might be ap parent in his efforts. He had a severe {sore throat, and feared that his remarks would not be as profitable to his hearers as he would desire '.them tobe; He tlieu announced I. Thessalonians \v. /22 - " Abstain from all appearance of evil " ^ as his text, and said - My dear friendsV-^-I very cheerfully. complied with the :request of my Good Templar friends to preach a .Bfermon on behalf of the temperance cause, or :-Mat. I thiuk is more properly called the cause of total abstinence. I very cheerfully complied with their desire for two reasons. First, be cause it is in perfect accordance with my own cotivictions, niia has been for a. period'of more thau 20 years ; and second, because I beliere it to be in perfect accordance with the teaching of the word of God. Did I not believe in the firinciple of total abstinence I should not preach t. Were I not fully convinced in my own mind that the object of this cause is good, and that it is in perfect accordance with the word of God, I should not preach it. But believing that, the cause is good, and that its object is the elevation of mankind, and believing that it is in accord ance with the teaching of God's word, I very cheerfully comply with the request. This much, however, may safely be said-that- there is. not a ; single: passage to be found in the word of God that enjoins the use of iutoxicating beverages. But there are a great many passages to be found the plain meaning of which is against such use; and if it does not absolutely forbid, yet it does very strongly recommend .the nou use of such beverages, or what amounts to the same thing total abstinence. There are in this Word mauy such passages as the one I have selected " Abstain from all appearance of evil." We are aware that there are those who tell us that the Apostle means by this-"Abstain from. that which appears evil to another-which has an evil look. This, however, is a very unfair aud Tery inadequate rendering of the passage. The word here rendered "appearance," in the original means "form" or "kind," so the best Greek scholars and commentators tell us ; and hence the plain rendering of the passage is "Abstain from every form, or from every kind of evil." So that you see the text has great pungency, great thoroughness, a great sweep of meaning, and a great depth of signification. "Abstain from every form of evil," said the Apostle under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and that is the important truth that I present to you to-night from this holy word of God. If there is then to be fouud au evil above all others from which we should abstain, it would seem to be that against which God calls upon us to join hand and heart in uncompromising war fare. If there is a practice among us the ten dency of which is to corrupt and ensnare, from that practice we should abstain. If there is a practice so deceptive as to deceive the very elect, from that practice we should abstain. If there is a practice that is calculated, or the. tendency of which would place a stumbling block before our fellow creatures, then from that practice we should abstain. If there is among us a practice that impoverishes the purse, aud infects the body, aud perverts the conscience, and clouds the in tellect, aud degrades the passions, and poisons the brain, aud damns the soul to all eternity, then from such a practice, my dear friends, as professing Christians at least, are we not called upon to abstain-carefully, conscientiously, thoroughly to abstain? Abstain from every form of evil. Is there such a practice among us? Is there ? Is there ? Ah 1 is there ? Yes ! From the dram shop, and from the home, and from the Senate chamber, and from the hovel, and from the palace, and from the cottage, from the pulpit, and from the prison, and from the hospital, and from the asylum, from the loftiest, aud from the humblest ranks of society there comes a voice rolling back to us with tremend ous volume, and replies, "Yes, yes, there is 1" There is. We know it to our grief. We know it. And what is it? That which meets us at every turn and at every step in life the practice of selling and of drinking intoxi catiug beverages. Let us then, my dear friends, look on this matter honestly, fairly, conscientiously, in its personal and practicid bearing on ourselves, and on our duty to wards God and our fellow creatures. The rev. gentleman then went on to state his conviction that we could at an}' time get an unanimous vote against drunkenness from our pulpits, from our Parliament, or even from the dramsellers. Nobody pleaded for drunken ness-all believed it to be hurtful, sinful, shameful, degrading, dangerous, and deadly. If any one present defended drunkenness, let him speak, for him had he offended ! The great and practical question in connection with this subject was this-How could we effectually check this evil? The answer was short anil simple-If drunkenness came from the use of intoxicating beverages then dou't touch it, and there would be no drunkards. But it was there that two ways met and diverged-the one total abstinence, the other moderation. Some of us pursued the good and straight way of total abstinence, and had as our text-" Abstain from every form of evil." But others took the other path, aud pleaded for moderation, aud adopted us their text-"Let your moderation be known unto all meu." But in so using it they forgot that they were sadly perverting the passage from its proper meaning-the meaning the, apostle intended it should bear. The word " moderation" in that case really signified, as in the original, "forbearance, gentleness, readi ness to forgive." The apostlo tvked the per secuted Christians to be forbearing, gentle, and amiable -under their wrongs, " for the Lord was at hand." But would the advocacy of moderation check the evil? Never 5 no never ! Millions at all times aud in every station had tried it and had miser ably failed. Thousands had overstepped the bounds of moderation, until we had even lost pop ular ministers from our pulpits, and society had been deprived of some of its most useful mem bers. He found from lately published statistics that some 30,000 members mid ministers of Christian Churches backslided iii this respect every year. And children from our Sabbath schools were also lost. Of 10,000 young people in various prisons in Great Britain it had been ascertained tlmt over 6,000 were taught in Sab bath schools. How came they there? The answer was-Intoxicating drink led thein there either directly or indirectly. Then moderation would not cure the evil. In order to grapple with this enemy we inust have a better weapon thau moderation, a more effectual remedy; and that remedy and that weapon was total abstin ence : touch not, taste not, haudlo not. Ho ro. lated some telling anecdotes showing the danger of moderation, and continued-Mauy stronger and better than ourselves had fallen and we were also in danger. "Let him that thinketh he staudeth take heed lest he fall." Then we should abstain on the ground of example. We were to a great extent our brother's keeper and responsible for the effects of our example upon him. Every per son liad an infiueuce either for good or evil upon others, aud that infiueuce was more powerfully exerted by example thau any other means. He related a striking anecdote in illustration of this, showing tlmt non-abstaining ministers could not possibly be successful in checking drunkenness in their congregations. The rev. gentleman concluded-Let us, my brothers and sisters, to a man rise hand in hand and heart to heart against this monstrous evil. Oh, that ministers, and class-holders, and local preachers, and parents, and teachers might arise against this demon drink- until we drive the enemy from tho land. And then will peace, and joy, and harmony, aud sobriety, and hap piness dwell in our homes ; and then will pros perity attend our churches ; aud then will the Church arise aud shake herself, and put on her beautiful garments, aud '1 fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an-army with banners" march forth iu fund triumph. Ab stain from every form of evil. Let us think, dear friends, on this subject and remember our duty. The rev. gentlemen was listened to attentively throughout. The portions of Scripture read at the commencement of the service were Isaiah v. from the 11th verse, aud part of Proverbs jtxiii. ... At Newcastle the steamer Agnes run down the eteamev Hippie, and punk her. Nq lives were W> 