UNRAVELLING A MYSTERY. MURDERS OF NINETY YEARS AGO BROUGHT TO LIGHT. Knowland, Pa., May 25.—In 1790 Sir William Pultney having placed in the market his vast possessions in what is now Steuben county, N. Y., hundreds of emigrants from the East flocked to the section to take up land. One route to the Pultney Patent passed through Pennsyl- vania, and the old ruined road near this place was a part of the route. About that time a Frenchman named Pierre Latourette built a log tavern in the above road, two miles west of this place. In his employ was another Frenchman called Pépow, and his wife. The location of the tavern was such that it became a favorite stopping place of emigrants. Latourette was an old French soldier, and his disposition was such that he was very unpopular with his ghosts. He had not been long in this tavern before stories of an ugly nature became current among the emigrants. Many of them were robbed at the Frenchman's of money and valuables. Cattle left in his enclosures at night would be missing in the morning, and could not be found until the owner paid Latourette for looking them up, he claiming that they had escaped and were roaming in the woods. It was also alleged that men stopping at the tavern had mysteriously disappeared, and were never heard of afterwards. Some months after the Frenchman put up his inn, a man.. named V&il;, with liis wife aiia two r. ohildreni was among a party of emigrants on their Way to the Pultney property. Noticing that Rio Frenchmau Was it grinding laudlord, toud only patronised from necessity, he conceived v .the.Tidca of building a house near by, on tho dread, for the accommodation of emigrants. He. Secured some land about tlireoquartorsof ft inile- further west, and erected a tavern. This took hearly all of the Frenchman's business aw ny. Three montlis nfterward thero was a temporary lull in the travel. The tide soon stortod up again, and one night a party stopped at Vail's, but found tho house dosed, Retiuiiiug to Latouretto's, the emigrants "were told that Vail had become tired of keeping tavern, and hod gone on to Steuben county. — NdthingZWaaTcver seen or 1 1 oard -of-Vail or his family afterward, however. And it was generally >?t belie Ved that Latourette had murdered VaU and his family, and pillaged the house, Latourette remained in the tavern until emigration had almost ceased, and grew rich. P£poW died on the place, aud his wife Continued to live with Latourette .sold his property, and departed in Company with his late assistant's wife. Tlio old log tavern was demolished years ago, and the site is now occupied by a farzn house, The above reminiscences of nearly a contnry hgo have been recalled by a startling discovery toade a few days since. A hoop-hole etitter named Hoffwas walking in the woods about two miles Yrora the site of tho old Latourette tavern, in clearing away a thicket at tho foot of a lodge of rocks ho came upon a large flat stone standing . hp on its edge against the rocks. Out of idle curiosity lie prised it over, and was surprised to j' See that it had concealed an opening iu the ledge, Some ilireo foot in circumfereuco. Ho ft ci'eptin the opening on his hands and knees aud found that it grew larger. He. went in several feet, when his hand came in contact with a hard, totmd substance. He brought it out into HglR, aud-wafl-astounded-to-find-thnt tFwns- a-hmnatr - skull.' rHoff dropped the skull, and hurried to another part of the 'woods where two other choppers were at work. Tliey returned to the cave with him. One of them lighted a pine knot, and crawled into the opening, followed by the others." They found a cavern where they could stand upright, and about twenty feet In cLrcnmference. By the glare of the torch they discovered four human, skeletons lying on tho flojr of the cave. Tho men hastily, retreated,. Unlcame to this place, aud told of their discovery. Boveral men repaired to tho spot, and qu attempt Va3 made to bring the skeletons out entire, but they fell to pieces on boing disturbed. Dr. Kennedy examined the bones, and said tbey Were the remains of tlireo males — one full grown —and of ono female. They were brought to this place, and, after being viewed by huudreds of people, were buried. ill the old stories connected with Latonrotto's tavern, which havo been handed down for several generations, wore at onco set afloat. Thero is no doubt in tho minds of any that tho Skeletons are thoRo of tho Vail family, who were murdered by Latourette niuety yours ago.— New York Bun. A wife-DAYer was nicely served out a few tfays since (sayB The Gtwlong Advertiser). The individual referred to is too woll-kuown in the town, and from all accounts it scorns ho oousi- dered he hod reason to suspect his wife, and followed hor round the town on Sunday. When She got home he, viewing everything through yellow spectacles, began to ill-treat her. The servant Waa a witnosB of the occurence, and re monstrated With the husband, and toldbhuhe Was no man to hit a woman, til tlio morning hegotup, andgoingtothe servnnt.told her.ahe \vastoo " cheeky," and ordered her to " dear out." Biie then gave him some inore of he mind, and he struck her, thiuking she would take it as hufetly as his wife. But not beiug so disposed, die sprang np and gave him such a fefirifd be laboring With lier fists that both his eyes Wero blackeued, arid bis face alt-ogetlier disfigured. iTie man's family stood aud watched tho opera tion without attempting to interfere, and snemed Uiorohghly .satisfied that ho hod caught a Tartar. Tlie girl, who is uf Irish descent, left as suon as hossible, and talks in high glee of what she did to the wHo- boatcr. Since the ocourreuce the hiau lias not shown himself. Preudo. Woollen Goods. — According to tho BokIOu Journal of Chemistry , there is now pro duced a ttlnris of goods made entirely of cotton, out called merino, and which have the look of the latter fabric, owing to the woolly surface imparted to thom in the process of inauufucturo. These goods are found both in tho United States fend Spanish American markets in .large quanV titfajfajCspeciaily in under- shirts and To cause the cotton to resemble wool it is scratched and the surface raised by a parti cular operation. On drawing out a thread or two and burning thcra in' tho flame of a taper, if tho material bo cotton it will consume to a light, impalpublo, white nsh, cotton beiug a vogutable fibre ; but if, on the coutrtiry, it _is wool, aud therefore an auhuul fibre, it will twist alid curl |ii the flame aud sliow a black ash, accompanied by a smell Which will at once iudicato its origin -.—Cottonis-noWRo-clovovly-trcatcd- Uiat-it-is-frQ- quently taken for silk— also an animal fibre-- hnd the. simple tost rofoited to can ulwayH bo hppliea whon there is auy doubt. — BtUish Trade 'Journal Oxygen! i LiPS.— Dr; Brighi'# Phtwnhwlyne.— Multitudes of prepte Ate bnpi'lcuBly en (faring from ))ebility, Ni'rrotiu mid Liver CUmulmnts, Depression v; . Jbf Spiritn, — Hr|Kjehntiririn, Tinudity, Imligeftitm.' Failure of Heririns, Slgltt, and Memory . Iaasitude, v.-Wunt of PoWur, &c.;, vrbore mac admit of n p,«r- . bmneiit .curOi by tlio new remedy Phosiuiodynk '.4, tOzonic Oxygen), wliiob' at qtice alluys all irriUilmn- bnd excitement, vimpMris ne'w.eiit'rgy and Ufa to tli - D "'fee bled courlitntion, niirl rauitlly ciiith every stiite r,«se bilbeHo jueiii'ftble »mn diftreMing iinlarticH. Hold b, „U Cheiniili.l-LDru!cii«l«, nml .Siorekcej ere Ihniuglioii. G|„bi>. v#- UAtj-noN.-The large iitid iiierciisiii,,.n,nn,j f„P J)r. Driglit's Phospliorlyiie lihs leu to bnilurioMB under siinilnr mimM p JnirolmreM of Ibis k! jninu should therefore be core- Jul to ohrerve.tlnil ejiCr.Hno Ivpdit (lie E"gljsh Go- Vjirnineiit Str imp, with th« OP(|5| )p, Bright'a Phos- phodyne, ougrtived therein 'yvhilC letters on rail ground), find Muit. the same won- llr0 a)M bjowtl in » e- bttlllei Krery cose bears Uit lnMi mufb aiui Signature of Patents 