A Cheap Railway. JUST one day before the somewhat melancholy proceedings in connection with the openingfor traffic of the Oxley Bridge, on the Brisbane and Ipswich Railway, OTer the Brisbane River, were solemnised, a similar ceremony took place at the town of Deniliquin, in New South Wales. There, however, a very different spirit prevailed. There was no ghost of wasted moneys to rise up and cast a chill over the assemblage. There were no unpleasant memories to embarrass the speakers and oppress the listeners. The railway from Deiifliquiri to Moama had been con structed by private enterprise. The pro prietors were so far well satisfied with their venture, and the people of the districts were jubilant The length fit this line is forty-five miles, £he gauge is five feet six inches; In Hi ooorse it crosses the Murray river by means of a bridge sixteen hundred feet in length, and its construction is equal to sustaining a speed of thirty miles an hour. It has fences along its. whole length, and is furnished with all necessary buildings, *a, for traffic. Everything connected 'with it is efficient and sufficiently sub stantial for sustaining a traffic sufficient to ■repay its constructors and proprietor* for the outlay of their capital and for con current risks. In Queensland we have as yet but one standard by which to arrive at the proba- We cost of such a line, and that standard is the expense of constructing Government lines. Taking our most recent exped ience, the twenty-five miles between 'Brisbane and Ipswich, we know •that to construct a line sufficiently substantial to carry a traffic which may possibly return over and above working expenses, a profit which would be consi dered satisfactory by commercial investors, and which includes a bridge 580 feet in length, has cost the country very nearly £20,000 per mile. This railway, how ever, is but three feet six inch gauge, as against the Deniliquin line of five feet six. Thus the economic advantage as to width is strongly in our favor. The country we have had to traverse has, however, been considerably more difficult than that between Deniliquin and Moama, which is almost a dead level. Moreover, the bridge over the Murray is but a tem porary structure for a single line. It may be considered, therefore, that in spite of its greater width of gauge the Deniliquin line admitted of cheaper con struction than our own. In point of actual efficiency the two are probably nearly equal. That is to say, the Denili quin and Moama Railway proprietors have got as much efficiency as to traffic carrying properties on their line as the Government of Queensland have on the Brisbane and Ipswich line. It ia inter esting to have such an opportunity of instituting a comparison as to cost. What is considered sufficiently efficient by a private proprietory should be efficient also for a Government. Both aim at the same thing—an economical, certain, and mode rately speedy means of conveying passen gers and goods. We know what it has cost per mile to provide this in our own case—nearly £20,000, or £400,000 for twenty-five miles. What then must have the forty-five miles between Deniliquin and Moama cost its constructors 1 Mr. William Hay, the member for the Murray, in declaring the line open, stated the figure. It was in round numbers just £3000 per mile! and this included not only the mere construction, as in the case of the tenders now being carried out on our Roma extension, but everything necessary for the working of the line. As the country on the Roma sections is pretty nearly as good as that between Deniliquin and Moama, and the cost of the line complete is expected to exceed £5000 per mile even now, without allowing for the extras discovered at the last minute, to which we have become ac customed in our experiences of our rail way constructions, it is clear that there is BtiU room for economising in our under takings. There are details in connection with this proprietory railway which are worthy of consideration. This temporary bridge over the Murray is full of interest It is considerably more than twice the length of our own Oxley Bridge, and although it is not nearly so high, there appears no reason to doubt that a lower level would have been attainable on our own line had it been sought for. It has a movable swing to allow vessels to pass, and is sufficiently substantial to bear the passage of thirty-five ton engines at a speed of eight miles an hour. In point of the time occupied in construction also, there are facts which are worthy of our atten tion. The whole forty-five miles of line, in clusive of bridging the Murray, occupied in construction from the day the proprietors were at liberty to commence until the entire length was open for public traffic just fourteen months. The first tender for material was let on the 9th of June, 1875, the actual work on . the line was commenced in the middle of July in the same year, and the line was in use on the sth July, 1876. The temporary bridge, which was constructed under difficulties, the Murray being in flood at the time, occupied just ten weeks in making, from .the day ifche first pile was driven, to the day the trial engine crossed it Its cost was hot one-tenth of that of our Oxley Bridge. . It wiU be, we tbink, unnecessary for us to draw the morals which present themselves from these facts. They lie so obviously on the surface that they can scarcely but suggest themselvestoevery reader. Abstaining from particular instances it will suffice to re mark that the tendency of the reflections which the foregoing occasions must be in the direction which we have on several occasions indicated. As regards perma nence, solidity of accessories, and elegance of buildings, we have doubtless got a superior line. But would not the inferior one have been good enough for our present needs, leaving improvement until such time as the receipts and traffic made it absolutely necessary and justified it from a financial point of view, while we meanwhile saved compound interest on the difference in cost 1 The question will, we conceive, be answered in but one way by our readers, and we leave the de tails to influence by their own plainness. Only one fact remains to be mentioned. The company which constructed the De niliquin and Moama Railway, is, in point of fact, that identical Collier and Co. whose overtures met with so strong a re buff by Mr. Macalister's Government as soon as Mr. M'Hwraith's enterprising mind ceased to dominate the department of Public Works. Wl have been asked to devote more of our ■pace to farming matters by one important Motion of our readers. Another claw demands more mining news. A third, again, complains that we might advantageously supply more light reading in the shape of stories and funny sayings. With every desire to make The Queens lander interacting to each class of readers, we cannot ignore the fact that the occupations of our subscribers are legion, and all are entitled to a share in our columns. There is an old fable which everyone knows about—"The Old Man and his Ass." The old gentleman tried to please everyone, and was very successful in pleasing nobody. Another fable, applied by The Gardeners' Monthly to the same case, is as follows:—" Jupiter once sat in the heavens, and opened his trap* door to listen to the supplications of the in* habitants of the earth. He who was blind asked to be deaf instead ; the lame man preferred to be blind ; the deaf man wanted to be lame. No man had anything he wanted, and wanted everything he had not Whereupon Jupiter waxed exceeding wroth, and shut down the trap-door with such a bang that it has never been opened since." Jupiter was more hasty than we are, and we shall do our best to satisfy all parties. Mr. Crackneix, of the Telegraph Department, received the following message from the Super intendent of Electric Telegraphs, Adelaide, on August 18:—"TelegraphstationsopenedatKings cote and Cape Borda, on Kangaroo Island. Ves sels passing Cape Borda will be reported, and can signaliae from that station messages to agents, Ac, the charges on which will be collected on delivery." Thi Victoria steamer, which left Cooktown on the 9th instant, for Sydney, had on board. Bishop and Mrs. Barker, aad 11,000. ooneet of > gold. ' 