WASTE OF WATER. The value of the maxim, "Union is strength," does not appear to be appreciated by the City Council in the management of those in its employ- ment, otherwise the comfort of the citizens and the pecuniary advantage of the city would be better promoted. We should be sorry to ask the Council to impose on the police the indignity of any manual duty other than applying the handcuffs ; or of any physical exertion beyond the regulation tramp of two miles in three hours. That they should even be reduced to the menial level of kicking a bit of orange peel off the footpath, is not to be thought of ; far less that they should soil their white gloves by removing any nuisance—to wit a dead cat. But we have often thought that there might be some one appointed, to whom the police should be obliged to report such eye-sores, and be in his turn might be so instructed as to be able to ferret out a scavenger, a municipal bipod we seldom see, except on those rare occasions ou which, in consequence of a public complaint, the gutters get a scrape, and some ten or twelve persons, armed with brooms and scrapers, cluster round one cart. In another way the police might be made useful without putting them to any further inconvenience than using their eyes, and "when found make a note of" anything they see. The water department is one of the mysteries of municipal mismanagement. It has acquired perfection in the art of how not to do it. The Director we absolve of all further blame than not being able to have done that which he knows should he done. There is under him, or under some one in that department, a strength of passive resistance that in many walks of life would make a hero ; that in a water supply official is simply a bore and an injury to the service. The waste of water in Hobart Town is something alarming- We believe we are not far wrong in saying that as much water runs to waste as is consumed. This would be matter of little moment were there enough for the use of the citizens. But for hours every day, and for days every week, parts of the city are withont a drop of water, while elsewhere streams of it are running along the gutters. It is not that the waste is not known. Repeatedly notice bas heeu taken of a broken plug here, or burst pipe there, and yet the waste has been allowed to go on. Officials in the department have been known day after day to pass a leakage, and do nothing to repair it, simply because the officer's attention had been called to it. In the same way complaints in the press have been treated with ostentatious contempt ; and an avowal that, so far from receiving attention, contemplated re- pairs would be postponed has been the result. Even the Mayor and Aldermen are defied, or spoken of as not daring to interfere. Much of this last is simply bounce, for when Mr. Stiffneck's attention is officially called to a waste, previous ignorance of its existence ia pleaded. We think a remedy might be applied if the police were instructed on return- ing from their beat to report to some one named for the purpose any leak they may have seen ; and if a leakage is allowed to continue for, say 24 hours unattended to, let the policeman on whose beat it is be fined, unless he eau show that he reported it to the prope ro.Ücial. Some such system would compel officers in the Water Supply department to do their duty, and put a stop to tjjejr defy- ing complaints ; or, if the Council dil its duty, would soon lead to a change in the staff of tho Water department The evil has acquired such proportions, and the want of attention in the department has became so notorious, that we trust the Mayor and Aldermen will give the matter their serious and prompt attention. Kingborough Election. - Nomiuatjong for the representation of the district of Kingborough' must be lodged at the Kingston Police office by 'four o'clock this afternoon. In the event of more titan one person beiug nominated, the poll will toko plat» en the 1st September. In all probability, bosrerer, Mr. O'Reilly »ill I« «tensed unopposed, Direct Telegrams.-We received a notice from the telegraph department last night that the mail for Calcutta will close at Penang about 11 o'clock this morning, by which hour telegrams intended for England must reach Penang. We do not see how the notice is to bo of any service to the people of Hobart Town given as it is at thiB late hour, but we giveit as TTe got it.- We are also told that -the Siberian, route of telegraph wire is working badly, and that allowance must De made for a day's delay in tbo transmission of meBsageB to Europe from Calcutta. Waste of Water.-Whilst citizens are con- stantly complaining of the irregular manner in which j are supplied with water, that element appeal ¿ to be bo precious as to necessitate its beiog snut off from certain localities for hours daily, from.others for days on end, as much water is allowed to run to waste through the bursting of a plug as would be sufficient for a week's supply to a dozen families. Since Wednesday last some tuns of water have been wasted in this manner at the junction of Kelly-street with Hampden Road, and up to last night nothing had been done to remedy the defect. Public attention having now been drawn ' to the fact that a water plug has burst in the locality j named, steps may be taken by the Corporation | officers to have it repaired ; although, had nothing been written about it, another week would probably have elapsed before anything would be done. Hobart Town Gymnasium.-The gymnasium opens to-day. We understand that a large number of members have been enrolled, and as an experi- enced instructor, Mr. West, has been engaged, we do not doubt but that this, the newest, and by no means the least important, of our local institutions, has before it a long and successful career. Tim Mines.—Our Launceston correspondent, writing on Saturday morning, sends the following items of tin news :-The Sydney tin merchants seem to be keenly alive to the growing development of our tin mines. A gentleman representing Messrs. Beit and Co, a well-known firm engaged iu the tin trade in Sydney, New South Wales, is at present on a visit to this colony with the view of endeavouring to secure commissions from some of our tin-mining companies for the sale or smelting of their tin ore ; and it will bo seen by an advertisement in another column that Mr. Henry Edgell, insurance agent, of Brisbane-street, Launceston, has been appointed Tasmanian agent of this firm. Messrs. Beit and Co. state that the increasing importance of Tasmania as a tin producing country has induced them to turn their attention thereto, and that a long and varied acquaintance with the tin markets of Sydney and London will enable them to do the fullest justice to vendors of Tasmanian tin ore consigned to them. It is announced that Mr. Henry Edgell, who is sure to prove an energetic agent, will make liberal advances on consignments for either Sydney or London, and afford every information to intending consignees. The Mount Bischoff company will ship some fifty tons of tin to Melbourne by the s.s. Tamar, which leaves for Melbourne on Wednesday next. This will be transhipped in Hobson's Bay to some England-bound vessel. The cutter Elizabeth ar- rived from George's Bay lost evening with the following lots of tin :-Full Moon Company, 125 bags ; All Nations Company, 40 bags ; A. Gill, 53 bags. Total, 244. Sunday Afternoon Lecture. - The Rev. D. Porteus, minister of Ebenezer Chapel, delivered his second lecture, or, more correctly speaking, sermon, at the Town Hall yeBterday afternoon, before a very large congregation. Mr. Porteus took for his sub- ject the story of the b-per who came to Christ and ] besought him, saying, " Lord, if thou wilt, thoo canst make me clean." " And JesuB," the passage goes on to say, " put forth his hand and touched i him,' saying, ' I will ; be thou clean,' and imme- diately bia leprosy was cleansed." The preacher began by a reference to Christ being a friend of the poor and the a filie ted ; after which ho described , the disease of leprosy, spoke of its introduction into Europe during the Crusades, and told of two j English missionaries who had voluntarily Bhut themselves up in a leper city in Burmah, where they died in their Master's service. Then he made the practical application-that the whole human family had been smitten with a moral leprosy, but that "the blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from nil sin." Mr. Dcntith presided at the organ, and a number of hymns were sung with great heartiness. Theatre Royal.-On Saturday afternoon the National Troupe gave a matinee for the benefit more especially of the young. The children of the Queen's Asylum were among those present. The performance was well received, the little people being especially pleased with the dancing. Tbis evening tho programme will include a nautical melodramatic interlude, entitled "The Dream at Sea," new songs and dances, etc.. Hospital Cases.-A child 13 months old, named William Long, whose parents reside in Argyle street, was treated on Saturday for a scald caused by his having upset a jar of hot fat on to his face and neck. Margaret Haddock, 48 years of age, residing in Argyle-street, had a wound on her arm dressed on Saturday. She stated that her husband had inflicted the wound with a tomahawk. A young man of 19, named Samuel Undersell, came to the hospital on the same,day with a severe wound on the index finger of hia right hand, caused by a cut with a knife. After being attended to be left, A DUCKING. - A crowd gathered about the wharves on Saturday morning, attracted by the conduct of a foolish fellow - one of the crew of the Offley - who was being boated off to his vessel in charge of one of the rural police. When the boat in which he was had got clear of the waterman's dock, he jumped into the water, probably with the intention of offering one more libation at the Shrine of Bacchus, but his ducking had the effect of cooling his courage, and he was glad to climb into the boat again, and go quietly aboard his vessel. ' Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association. The annual meeting of the members of this associa- tion is to bo held at the Town Hall on Monday evening nest, the 4th prox., at half-past seven. His Excollency the Governor will preside. New Music-Messrs. Walch and Sons announce the publication of a new song, entitled, "Looking for Father," which has been sung with great suocess by Miss Amy Sherwin. Bazaar at Perth.-Our advertising oolumns contain a preliminary announcement of a bazaar, to be held in December, in aid of the fund for building a new church at Perth. The co-operatiou of sympathisers is requested, and the names of ladies in the South Bide of the island are given who will receive donations. Good Templar ism at New Norfolk.-The Day Star Lodge, I.O.G.T., will celebrate their third anniversary by a tea and public meeting at tho Library, New Norfolk, on Thursday next. ' Houart Town Debating and Litrrarv Asso ciation.-A meeting of the members of this associa- tion is called for to-night at half-past seven, in the St. John's schoolroom, for the transaction of speoial business. The Glen-Fern Harriers. - The Glen-Fern Harriers will meet at the Turf Hotel, Green Ponds, on Saturday,'the 2nd September, Instead of Wed- nesday the 30th inst., as previously announced. Wo may remitid hunting men that this is the last meet of the season of Mr. Flexmoro's pack. Oatlands Bf.opgHiNo Match. - This annual event is fixed to come 'off on Friday the 8th Septem- ber. Turee prizes are offered for pompptitiop, vis., the champion prize and two district prizes. After the match, a hack steeplechase w¡l( take place. Further particulars as to rule«, teams, and tenders may ho seen in our business columns. Suppression ov Newspapers ik Spain.-A Times' telegram dated Cadiz, June 0th, states i " Within one month past the three leading Liberal papers have been suppressed. Madrid has only six papers, all of moderate and Constitutional views. Of these five have been suppressed and tried during the 40 days previous to June 1. Two of tho five wore sentenced to suspension. Fierce is the war waged against the modicum of religiotiB toleranco which passed the Lower House, and no less than seven so-called amendments are ou the book of the Upper Houbo against this shadow of toleration. The Marquis of Monten», the Baron of Codavnnga, ¿nd the Baropy Cuatro Torres bring forward this qs their amendment: - 'The Roman Catholic religion is and ever shall be tho religion of Spain, and the exorrjisp of any other religion or creed is for- bidden bythegovorninent,' AfUcoqimcntuponthejjé proceedings has been the closing of one or two Protestant schools during the last ton days." A shocking accident, by vthich three men lost their lives, took place at High Brooks Colliery, Ashton, near Wigan, belonging to the Garswood Coal Company. The colliery has been recently sunk to the Arley Mine, a depth of 320 yards, and has been standiug a short time awaiting tho erection of a' pair of winding engines. Consequently a quantity of water accumulated in tho shaft. Three sinkors went down to take out some air-pipes remaining in the shaft, so as to facilitate the pumping. A short time after their descent a signal was sent to the oiigii)c;man to wind thom to the surface, but by mistake hp turned the leypr the wrong way, and Roused the cogo to descend \yith some foras, Ilia attention was pa||ed to the mistake by some men in the englnediouio, sud lip ¡muior dlately rectified his error, but the mon -were preci, pitated into the water st the bottom of the shaft, Assistance was st once procured, but when the I bodies were reooverod life was extinct. The names | of the deceased are John Rothwell, leaving a widow and five children ; Thomas Horton, widow and two children ; and John Williams, married man, who baa only been in the district two weeks. A Lively Imagination.-In a recontly published sermon hy Rev. Mr. Hepworth, of Now York, he spoke enthusiastically of tho great number of con- versions at the Mooily and Sankey meetings, and exclaimed, "Over the autpgiaph of the Holy Ghost on their souls I imagined I could boo} fbe initials of Moody and Sankoy." 