POLICE COURT—PORT ADELAIDE. Saturday, December 9 [Before Mr. 6. F. Dashwood, S.M.] Joseph Stone, seaman of the Loch Eck, was charged with desertion. Frank Clarke, Deputy Superintendent of the Mercantile Marine Office, produced copy of the articles, and the sergeant said the prisoner deserted from the Trevelyan and other vessels. Committed to gaol for two months with hard labor. Charles Henry Belbin, a seaman of the Louisa Wait, was charged with steaiingfour diamonds, value £35, the property of Joseph Matthew Little, boatswain of the vessel, on the 18th No vember. The prosecutor said he was with the prisoner and others at the White Horse Cellars Hotel on the 18th, and left them at 11 o'clock. Whilst there the diamonds were safe in his pocketbook. Fearing the prisoner and two others, McPhail and Murray, might attack him, the boatswain and third mate of the Loch Eck accompanied him to the wharf, and he went to bed in his berth in the deckhouse. Next morning on opening his pocketbook tne diamonds were missing. The steward slept in the same room and witness told him of the loss. Had been drinking but was sensible. All hands, except the cap tain, knew that he possessed the diamonds. John Ping, steward, said he saw the boatswain come on board on the night in question. He was worse for drink, and some men forward wanted him to fight, but he did not go out. At midnight witness turned out, and found the boatswain lying on the floor with some of his clothes on. Witness went into the cabin, and remained there until morning, when he took - the boatswain some coffee, and he then told witness of the loss of the diamonds,and asked, him if he had taken them for safe keeping. Witness said he had not, and advised him to obtain a search-warrant. About a week after wards witness had some conversation with the prisoner about the diamonds, and he said they would turn up when they got to sea; that he had picked them up in the forecastle. After Murray and McPhail deserted the prisoner told witness the diamonds were taken by McPhail; that they were all drunk, and were looking for money. They got the boatswain's pocket-book, but, finding no money, took the diamonds. Advised him to give them up, and he said he would when they got to sea. Murray and McPhail deserted about a week after the diamonds were lost. Witness would trust the prisoner with anything. By prisoner —You said, the diamonds had been taken to Adelaide for sale. Detective Solly said he was on board the Louisa Wail on the previous even ing, and asked the prisoner what he knew about the diamonds. He said he knew nothing, but on being further interrogated said they were all right, and that he had put them overboard. He said they were taken by Murray and McPhail and given to him to take care of. Witness told him he must gd the station, and on the way he said he would tell about it — "I sold the diamonds the day before yesterday to a lumper named Harry, who was working on board. We had some drink together, and I sold them foe five shillings." At the station he was charged and cautioned, and then repeated the same statement. He also said that Murray and McPhail had offered them for sale in Adelaide, but onjbeing tested they were found to be only glass. They then gave them to prisoner to take care of! The case was then remanded until Wednesday next. The Fakir of Oolu had another good house at the Theatre Eoyal ou Saturday even ing, December 9, and in his efforts to amuse was highly successEul. The beautiful panorama and the lecture which accompanies it, bristling as it does with puns and witticisms, were much enjoyed. The singing of,Madame Silvester and Mr. andMrs. T. Empson was received with great applause. The ghost and the cabinet seance puzzled the audience considerably, and the prismatic fountain, which as usual closed the programme, afforded delight to all present. The Doctor announced a change of programme for this week. 