SaUads for the Times- Tune—Fifty Years Ago• I bear the name of Boucant, Sirs. In rank I'm Premier ; My courage is not doubted, Sirs, Nor here nor anywhere. The world was always on the move, A fact you fully know, But used to keep in one old groove With sober pace and slow, Qu iet and calm, andfaiily smooth, Till fifty years ago ; CHORUS— Yes, all men walked in good old times With solemn step and slow, Aad they never thought of railwayline s Some lift} 7 years ago. But who would live at that snail's pace While the world is on the "go," Or crawl along f jr the second place— Not Boucant—oh ! dear, no ! In the present day we're not content, Nor would we hare it so : We live and work with strong intent That every day may show , We're on the track for development. Unlike—fifty years ago. CHOHUS— We've turned our backs on "good old times, Pronouniad them "awful slow," And want a lot of railwaj^ lines. For—each wants one, you know 1 With busied brain and anxious thought Our Boucant's laid his schemes ; And if his "cols." will but be taught, We'll realize our dreams ! We'll give this land a premier place, And wealth and power untold, And show the world its no disgrace To have more pluck than gold ; We'll give the go-a-heads a chase, As we our fortunes mould. CHOHUS— We'll change the pace from the "good old times." And all old stagers show, The way to work some railway lines, Full fifty years ago. Now this young nation's on the move, As all our exports show, And every man must give a shove, Whether he will or no 1 No holding back by Tory vote,, Nor "trimming" sails, you know; We're all embarked in one smart boat— t Lubbers must go below 1 Whilst we propel Vbe Ship of State, Unlike—fifty years ago. CHORUS— Look out for splinters, clear the track, And racing, we will show, The real pace you ought to "went" Some fifty years ago 1 The Mesmyer du Midi tells a startling story. A merchant vessel arrived at Marseilles laden with sugar, from Batavia. While in the act of un'oading, the ivorkmen suddenly left their task, and, rushing up to the deck, gasped out inarticulate words. Amongst the hampers they had found three immense boa constrictors. These reptiles seemed to wake from a state of lethargy, and advanced towards the terrified men, who had only just time to hoist themselves on deck and close the hatches. The Captain was, of course, obliged to .m^pend the operation of unloading, and to look for a meiins of getting rid of these strange passengers. Two pigeons were poisoned with strychnine,and dropped into the hold. They weredeavoured at once, but only two of the serpents died The third reptii e has not been seen again, 3nd it was with the greatest trouble that the captain could get men t0 assist him i n unloading his ship. Distinguished arrivals are announced hy the Paris papers. The first is no iess a personage than the second son of Brigham Your.g, the Mormon Patriarch. The l^ccncment says that he has quarrelled with his father because the latter wanted to marry a fifth wife. The son, finding fo'ir quit enough (modest man!), refused to obey, and resolved to try his fortune in a country less polygamic than that of his illustrious 'parent." So he has come to Paris , whetherhehas deserted his four wives or brought f'^cmmL strangely omits to tell us. He is described as eood-looking and talented, and intends, it is stated, to suft an American paper in Paris. A Brazilian Romish Bishop thus expresses himself:—"The Pope is a n Abraham in his Patriarchate, a Melchizedek in his priesthood, an Aaron in his dignity, a Moses in his author!. 7 1 Samuel in his judgment, a Peter in his might, and lastly Christ in his consecration by the Holy Ghost." Chili can boast of being the first country in the world that has admitted women to the electoral franchise. Chilian law makes no distinction of sex, the only qualifications required for citizenship being the attainment of majority and the ability to read and write. It has therefore been decided to register women, and they will vote at the coming election. 