TOPICS. THE proposal to spend £740,000 in theconstrnctiction of a railway to the coal district of Ulawarragave rise—as might be supposed—to a warm discussion. . A good deal of gas was thrown off about the ' Sturdy farmer,' and the advantage such a line would be to the householders of Sydney, in bringing milk, butter, and cabbages of a superior quality to their .very doors,.but with all the garnishing and mouthy patriotism the fact could not be suppressed that private interests were more concerned in the issue than cabbages themselves. No debate in Parliament—no, not even those on the land laws or state aid, with which personal interests had so much to do^-has been .fiercer, more acrimonious, or more selfish than this railway to Illawarra discussion. Mr. Parkes said that the construction of the railway was a delusion, so far as its ..proposed benefits to the settlers in a t t f t i t h a t that picturesque district were concerned.; that it would not open np' any good agricultural country, as the land through which it would pass was of a very poor character, and that it would stop at the coal country without piercing the'areas further south ; that it would be most injurious to the people of Kiama—the residence of Mr. Parker's friend, the. Ghost—and Shoalhaveti, by shutting np their small ports* fr^cha^ part of the co B lmtry wafi DERF^. P ^ ^ that would be benefitted by the rfouteare owned, as Mr. Parkes explained, by the Hon. T. Holt (who was jocosely described as the ' oyster man', by a learned Judge of the Supreme Court, ' whose initials were J.F.H.,')and which latter estate was let at a very handsome rental to the Colonial Treasurer. From these last facts he accounted for the earnest support that was given by wealth and position to the projeot: but the place called 'Coalcliff' was only half way to Wollongong, and consequently, although this was called the Illawarra railway, it touohed only on the outskirts of the district—just, an I might add, to serve private interests. If sueh a scheme can be called by any other name than j a subsidy to exUling interests the English lan-:, guage has not come to its full growth. Mr. , Stuart, who could not well avoid the implication of beneficial interests in the debate, sought \ very hard to show how the.railway would pay ; • and relied upon .those treacherous " helps— figures—to prove his case. It would be tedious to go through them—and, I think, somewhat unprofitable ; for if the claims of Coalcliff rest I upon the demands of Sydney trade for the 'black diamond,' the figures, with the attendant rgument, are just as much in fayor. of letting d ell alone, and giving Newcastle the advantage! he enjoys as in impro ving the property of priate owners at Illawarra at the public cost, or, t all events, of its hazard. Shonld the 'pn>bters' of this railway be mistaken (I. use the mildest phrase) in their calculations, and should they succeed, by ' lobbying' or other means, in getting the vote passed, the country would necessarily be saddled with the cost of an extension of the line, So as to carry it through ~ that part of the Five Islands country that would make it at all remunerative. During the debate the Government Were nearly tripped %p by an adverse vote, but much, to the credit ofthe opponents of the line, the discussion was carried on till the time arrived for a befitting adjournment, and then the debate Was adjourned. It would be unpatriotic either to cram a House, so as to carry the Vote, ortopresa itjiipon a House too attenuated to represent the interests of the country. __ _ BY thelast mail;I had a letfcer from England, giving a deplorable aceonht'o'f the ravages madt in Some countries by the disease now kho'ra^s ' the foot and mouth.'. It_ is certainly deplorable that animals, valuable to-4jian,^ahoifld die, in spite of the best physician ^for "iheir class. The grief that has overtaken some .of .the. farmers, owing to the losses they: have: sustained, is certainly heartrending:; ; and, .judging' from the intensity of their sufferings, one might suppoBp that this disease is far more appalling 1 than the 'hand to mouth' duease Which has prevailed so much in England—and elsewhere. I doubt that the disappearance of the one mil indicate a subsidence of the other. V - MANT; years ago a lady feaid to - me that she liked to dress in such a style as to lead! persons who passed by her to remark on the quietness of her costume. The best judges iu the matter say that a lady should attract no attention:, by her dress, either as to its simplicity: or its elegance. The idea of costliness enters only into the head of a mercer's appraiser. The first attractions are her gait and her manners. The former is observable to all acute beholders ; the latter is the special privilege of those with whom she comes in conversational contact. But it appears to be an outrage on good, sense, that simplicity in elegance should be an attraction, unless by contrast. I am not going to discourse on the the subject of ladies', dresses'; on what they should wear, or what they should avoid; but there was something that struck 'me in an English newspaper the other day that was of particular pertinence to a style. of dressing which, I regret to see, is Rowing so much ill favor amongst young women who should- study simplicity, and aim at adorning themselves with what is becoming to their position in life. It may be urged that those who have the money may dress just as they please without any impertinent interference by Mr. Gratuitous Critic; and that busybody will, no doubt, accord to them all the liberty in that direction they are so ambitious of. But' it must be granted that this censorious individual—in common with the general public—has a right to comment or find fault with taste so prominently exhibited as when the fair damsels parade themselves in the streets or elsewhere. When the diggings in Victoria were very prosperous nothing was more common than to see a number of the.' ladies' of successful miners 'doing the block' in Melbourne attired in rich satins, with bonnets orna- mented with the most expensive feathers—gorgeous birds' wings not forgotten—elegant laced parasols extended to shield the complexion from the sun, and ' any amount' of gold chains and finger.rings ; lot there was one- omission, that of stockings to encase their ' pretty little feet.' The tout ensemble was a caricature of the class that was sought to be imitated. The costly adornment served only ^to make the wearer more conspicuous and more ridiculous. This absurd ' show' was only an exaggeration of the ambitious principle that So much marks many of the costumes of youug women, who, by aping the style of dress adopted in' circles in which they do not move, imagine that they can pass muster as members of it. If they would only discard these absurd fripperies, and study what is suitable and becoming, that—together with ease and quiet manners—would elevate them more in the social scale than any style they could learn from the sixpenny books of fashion. The commentator on this subject—to whom I have referred—draws a-very truthful picture of country balls,' and those who attend them in England. The absurd desire to follow closely in the fashions of the Upper Ten Thousand does not appear—from what the writer says—to have' reached exactly the same class, that have a similar ambition in this colony ^ bu+ his remarks have such a general pertinency, and are so applicable to the growing taste of ' our girls ' of moderate position that I cannot refrain from quoting theuu It must be understood that at country' balls at home it is supposed .that there is for the nonce a perfect oquality ; but in reality such is not the case. There is the ' set' that spend a certkin short time ruralizing in tho countiy to which they belong ; but who have their .town house, and who visit watering places,;and 'do' the Continent every year. The other ' set' is com- , posed of magnates or sub-magnates of the county, who spend' all the year round'—budtime, blossom, and fall—in Arcadia i with per-, haps a triennial visit to the ' Great Metropolis.' It is the ambition of this latter—at least amongst the girls of the family—to appear in ' the latest fashion' at the country balls, and the writer alluding to the oil and water style, of these as-, semblies—the incongruous mixture of china and 1 crockery, says—' Generally the county families, nd their parties form a compact phalanx at the. rip of the room, objects of respectful admira-. ion to those not of their circle, and themselves inding considerable, amusement in criticising he manners and customs of the aborigines, as t is always considered intensely. witty to call; hem. Poor people I it is well they cannot hear ow the dresses which.appear to them so perfect, re commented on by. their merciless critics.; hough if anything could induce them to, leave, off the attempt to 1 exeoute Worth's or La Ferrifere's masterpieces, of which they.. read in, fashion books, in inferior materials, ajn& .with, the sole aid of a village article, and to : adopt a. more simple and therefore moro attainable style, of attire, it would be a vast improvement to; their appearance.' The same absurd vice is. very prominent, especially in the Australian bush—in the village'streets, and in what our American cousins call ' the pny-ajbputu-.' THE Murrumbidgee River rosejfiver three, feet between Wednesday and /"Thursday.,— Qundagai Times. ^ THE following selections were taken up. at, the Gundagai Land-office on 1st inst:—Johq Cronin, 80 acres, Qootamundra; Thomas, Broughton, 100 acres, Bongongolong; Joshua Bushell, senr., 120 acres, Nangns ; John Sedley Futter, 100 acres, Beggan Beggan ; James W. Dunn, 40 acres, Yaven j Donald McLoan, 40) acres, Willie Ploma. WE inspected this week at Dr. Marshall^ a. large specimen of the Fijian grog herb which possesesthe power of intoxicating to as great aq extent as three star brandy or 28 O. K mm. This herb is about four feet long and at the root about five inches thick. The botanical name is Piper-inithisticum, but the native name is Yangamo. ; Tho mode of preparation in Fiji is simple if not classio. The girls chew the root and mBke a pulp of it'and when sufficient chewing business is done tho pieces are plaoed in a bowl and water thrown in. The liquid is then handed round and the partakers can get as runk^as a first-class toper.—Q 'mdagai Time*. 