THE STORY OF MONiQUE. [From me Auoosv.] COIi'CLUI'ED KIIOM OUR LAST. ' Ono November morning Gormaine grumbled so hard at some orders which she had received from her young mistress that the overflow of her indignation reached Severo's ear3 in tho yard. He sharply aslced what she was saying about Mademoiselle Monique. ? ; ? — ' Mamzelle Moniqne, indeed !'. echoed. Qer« maine. 'What wasshe before Maitre Louis died-!7 ' Sho was our master's niece, 'and now she ia our mistress,' was the brief reply. .. .'Yes, and you. have tho high .hand now/, sneered Germaine ; ' but wait till young Blon de!, or Medcric or any of them turns our ' Manx« zello into Madame.' Severe looked gloomily at tho gray old walls and straggling brown roof of the farm, then ha frowned as a flock of geese strutted past him, aud, without looking at Germaine, he asked what she meant. Germaine half-leaned out of the kitchen window, and said, mysteriously : ' Blondel ia her cousin, and Mcdcric's mother is coming, and she has the others for the look of it ; and tho be3t turkey is to be killed, and we are to got seven pounds of beef from the butcher's, aud wo shall all have meat-soup to- morrow.' ' Who carcs-hout meat-soup ?' asked Sovere, walking away. Germaine, who had never liked him, nodded her white cap at him, and wont hack to hor cooking. Sevoro had to go out on business that day, but ho came back beforo suppor. Ho found his young mistress in tho kitchen, tulking there toThomiro, now the best dressmaker in Manneville, who ha(L come in the afternoon to alter the fashion of a. dress. ? . . ? ? ? ? ' The two girls stood side by sido in tho lamp-.' light and soli .off one another. Themiro was short, dark and very pretty. Sho had .quick; black oyes, a littlo port, turned up noso, dimples, and the prolticst littlo white tooth in the world; and Moniquo when seon near her, lookod fairer, taller, and more lovely than over; a Noiman maid, with almost classic features, and tho bloom of a roso on hor fair young faco. Tuoniiro was ardently ploading the cause of gimp trim« ming3 for sleevo-cuffa. ' But could it bo ready for tho morning?' asked Moniquo ; and Themiro bravoly volualeorod to sit up all night, if it wore needful. Monique smiled sweetly, and had begun to say this would be a pity, when hor eyo fell ouSavorOi who stood near the door looking on. ' I did not know you had como back, Sev.oro,'' aue said. 'Do you want mo ?' 'I want to give you money,' hoansworedj and he brought out a bag full of fivo-trauc piccoB, which ho laid on tho tablo boforo hor. ' And so ho has actually paid you,' . aatd'i ) Mouique, admiringly*,, 'How did you manage, Sevoro!' ? ? Ui,\ ????.?.-? -???-? ?«,? :?? ? .'1 Tasked for tho.mono*-and bogaveit,' ronliod Savoio quiotly ; andun tho sa«i9 brtath, uu it ? trUa, Mademoiselle ?Moiii-i'JO, that Maitro Vincent Blondel ia coining to- morrow ???'' ? ? ,h-?\ Yea,-' answered lloniqae, ' ho « my cousin, yon know. . . Why do you aak, Sevoro '!' ',1 Want to know how prices went at tha last fair down liia way,' anawored Severo. Tkea he turnod to leave the kitchen, and without looking tonnd, closed the door after him. Severo wont straight up to his own room, in a remote part of the farm. _ Ho changed hia clothea, pat on hi3 best blouse, his smartest cap, aud his now necktie, (a present from Moniquoj, then knowing that supper was over, ho wont back to the- kitchen. Tucmiro was gone, and Monique tad retired to a little parlor where she always sat alone in the long wintor evenings. ' As if bIio were- too good for the kitchen, Gerrnaine often muttered under her breath. ' Well, and what do you want?' she asked, a3 Sevoro's tall form darkenod the doorway. i'Supper 13 over and the kitchen is mine.' ' And so is tha poultry, Germaino. I want a fat turkey,' Qermame, Amazed, asked what he could want a fat turkey for. Severe replied that he wanted to make a present of it to his godfather, whose saint's day it was, and added that uo w»3 ia a Lurry. 'Have Qogo,' said Gcrmaino, prodflcing a tna'gnificent turkey. ' Another will do as well for Vincent and Mederic and tho lot of them to morrow. Take Qogo at seven francs, Severo.' .. .After some bargaining he took Gogo at six fraric3 fifty, tied. him up in a clean handkerchief, and walked out. ?-Maitre Severe David's house was the last on the high street in Fontaine. He lived alone ia it, after his own miserly fashion. ' Good-night to you, godfather,' said Severe, as he entered the room. 'To-morrow is your fete-day, and so I came to-night to give you ray best wishes, for we are busy just now, and I must be up before day.'-' ' And what nave you pot there ?' asked Maitre Severe, peering in the dim light of the rush ,$andle he hold. 'Only a turkey for you,' replied Severe, as they catered the kitchen togetlior ; and takiug Gogo out of the handkerchief, he placed Iain on the table. Maitre Severe quietly set down his iron candle stick near Gogo, and without giving that luckless bud a look, he laid his thia hand on tho young man's shoulder, and said deliberately : 'My boy, you want something from me. My fete-day comes round every year, but never before did you give me a turkey.' Sevoro's bronzed cheek reddened a littlo, but he tried to reply carelessly : ' Of ceurse I want something from you, undo ; but as to the turkey, I got it cheap, though it is a fine one. Look at its breast, white as milk, and tender like a chicken.' Korman cider plays sad havoc with Norman teeth, and this insidious praise of Gogo's breast ?was assailing Sevoro's godfather in a tender poin t. He took the turkey, weighed it in his hand, poked it all over, and said, with a chuckle, ' I never saw such a fine bird, so white, so plump, and Cheap, too.' ' JN'ot too cheap,' answered Sovere. I suppose I may sit down, uncle ?' The old man nodded but did not sit down him self. To all appearance ho was taken up with Qogo, on whom he pronounced quito a panegyric. Such a turkey ! so large, so plump. ' Uncle,' interrupted Severe, ' You said I wanted something from you. Suppose you hear what it is.' Maitre's Severo's gray eyes twinkled ; he drew . iiis chair to tho hearth, looked at the faint embers burning there, and laying his hands on his knee?, lie set his head on ono Bide and listened to his godson. . 'Uncle, I want to marry Mademoiselle Moniquo.'' ' Maitro Severo David whistled softly. 'Weft, marry hor,' he said, blandly. ? . 'She is rich and I am poor,' said Severo. ' I cannot ask her to become my wife when all I ha vo is the wage3 I earn with her. But if you, god ??father, who have plenty of money and no children would givo mo. say ten thousand francs, I could try ray cbance.' Maitro Severe did not receive this proposal with the indigoation his nephew and godson had ex pected and was prepared to combat. He smiled, codded, and said, ?' You think you would succeed do you? Then. I suppose Mouique ia fond o£ SOU?'* 'Mouique is fond of no one,' answered Severe, drily, and 'if they would lether alone, she would ^atay as she is till dcbniEdayv But she likes me well enough, and she is accustomed to me. I am useful to her, and I might have a chance.' 'I do not mind leaving you the money in my 'Wfll,' answered the old man, who, when he looked at Gogo, and feared to lose him, was bent on con ciliation.' 'What 13 a will?' scornfully askM Severe. *'It must ba ten thousand frauc3 down or nothing. I must, go inlo her houBo more than a beggaT, co stay as I am.' 'Then stay as you are. Ten thousand francs « to u hat wou'1 b.° a dear turkey.' Weli, uncle,' eaid Severe, '* you arc master . or your money, aud it is not because you have eaid me nay that we need be worse friends. I have asked and been denied, and there is an end to the matter. And now I must be off, so good night.' His uncle faintly asked him to take some refreshment, but Severe wanted nothing and said so, aud with that they shook uaud3 aud parted. «.'H,V!jd *ot take back the turkey, after all,' thought Maitre Sovere, looking meditatively at Qogo. I never saw so white and plump a bird; never. I muat leave him something in my will ; I really must.' By which, of course Maitre Severe 91a not mean. Gogo. ?_Moniq ue'a guests all came the next day, aa ?Gerniaine had announced. Severe saw nothing of them, for ho stayed out till night. -When he came.bomo late, Gormaine gave him a full account *r ? i^tivitiea, and declared that the way aaamzeilo Moniquo managed her lovers was some thing to see. -? But I think it will be Mederic,' wasGermaiue's conclusion. 'They are all staying till to-morrow ; but I fancy Medoric and *is mother remain till after Sunday.' ?Sevoro heard this with stoic indifference ; but tue next morning, as Monique was feeding her Iiona, ho suddenly appeared by her side. '..-,1 b?v?. a,,w°rd ?,* two to say to you, Mademoiselle Monique,' said he, bluntlr. - . Sbo. looked round at him, and was struck with (be stern gravity of his aspect. ' It i3 j uat this,' be continued ;' that if those yoUDg fellows come to the house, I must leave it ?I am willing to go on a3 wo are, you and I till I am three score, and you not much less ? but if ,they keep coming to tho house, I must leave it, * do net threaten. It would not be my placo to do so ; l)ut I give you fair warning. I must not stay.' 'Say that you will not, Severe,' roplied Monique, coldly. 'Because I cannot,' he rojoined, in a low tone. And why can you not?' she a3kod, a littlo defiantly. ' You know,' lie said, turning his back upon uOr» ' - ? ? . - The color faded from Moniquo's ro3y cheoks, aaa she stood as lio had loft hor, looking liko one fltnoken. -????! ?,?;?,:.', ?. ?.-. .- ? ? .She iiwse3 at- the -farm wore always waterod Myond tho tow, Btraggling out-nouses, in ti littlo curvo of tho r!?0F/over 'which tall trees beat-th*ir '^ykougtaintiflnummor tmno. A pale aud I rawty Woverabor moori «v{w looking ia through tuo ' leafless branches whon'So'voro, coming ia from the fields, led tho team of noble gray Norman tnarea, which, called /Moniquo mistress, to tho rippling edge oEJIio little rivor. The' white moon- 1 heann played on the surface of the water, and the horses drauk with their heads bent low, when Severo became aware of something H1:o a'shadow beside him. He looked up and at once recognised Monique. Slio liad como out. of; the farm by a side door, and stood by him as silent and still as any ghost. ?' l)o you want me, Mamzollo Moniquo ?' asked Severe. ' Voa will not go ?' slid she. ' Not unless I must,' was tho answer. 'Because,' filtered Moniquo, 'they all leave to-morrow, and I do not think any of them will caro to come back.' 'And Ishallnot go and look for them, you may bo sure,' was all Severe said. Nothing else worthy of uoto took placo that winter ; nothing until spring was over, and 6ummorcame round. The garden which stretchod along the banks of tha little river was not much to boast of, but Moniquo was fond of it, especially in the evening time, when the water was alive with fire and gold, and the trees on the opposite bank ro30 dark and still on the blue sky. She liked to watch the stars coming out one by ono, to breathe the fragrance of her flowers, and perhaps, too—for Monique wa3 young — to remember the past and dream of the future. It was a placo where no one ever sought her or intruded on her privacy; and que evening, when.sbe stood there watching the river flowing on to the sea, Mouique could not help giving a littlo start as she heard and saw Severe coming towaTd lior. 'Mademoisellolloninue,' he said, abruptly, ' I have something to tell you.' 'I am going to get married,' be answered, with something like Hurry iu his manner. Monique was standing by a rose tree. She plucked a rose and let it fall with a start. A sharp thorn had piciccd her band. ' Well.' she said, wiping tho blood off with her handkerchief, *' what about it, Severo ? You have a right to marry, I suppose.' 'I have,' ho coolly answered ; ' and if I tell you about it, Mademoiselle, it is that you may know my marrying will make no change, Themiro and I will live in a home of our own, of course, but I shall be none tho less upon the farm than I am now.' 'Thoraire !' slowly repeated Moniqe; 'it is Themiro whom you marry ?' ' Only after tho harvest. I never spoke to her till this afternoon.' Monique Laughed. ' How foud of ono another you must have been all this time to make it up so quickly,' the said. ' You never spoke till this afternoon, and yet you aro to bo married when the harvest ie over. Poor Themire must have been breaking her heart for you, Severe.' ' Themiro will never break her heart for any one, but she will make an honest wife,' an swered Severe, coldly ; ' and I told you about it, MadcmoiselleMonique,because, as she is work ing in your house to-day, it is fair you should know.' He waited a while ; Monique was silent. Then ho bade her good-bye, and without looking round. 'Goodnight, Severe,' answered sho. She ?? ercd a wbiio longer in tho garden, listen ° he murmuring voice of the river, then she ?we^b back to the house, crossing the yard. As s'e passed by the window of tho kitchen, from which a ruddy glow streamed out, she paused and gave a look within. Themire was stitching away by lamplight ; Severe stood by her, Icaniug against the high aud massive stone chimney. Ho said something which Moniquo did not hear, but Themire put down her work to look laughingly up iu lib faco And with her black eyes, her little turned-up nose, her cherry lips and her dimples, Themire looked very pretty. Severe remained grave, but tiero was kkidnessin his' downward gaze. Monique looked at him awhile, then walked back to tho garden. She went aud sat on the river bank, aud stayed there tiil the white stars shouo through chill mists, and she rose shivering. Gerraaine had just left tho kitchen, and Themire was alone ia it, when the young mis trc:s of the house entered it. Her fair cheeks were somewhat flushod, an unusual light shone in her blue eyes. ' Was not Severe here ?' said sho, looking around for him. Themire demurely replied that Sevore was gone to tho barber's to get shaved, and offered to call him. Monique laughed a little bitterly. '?That would be a pity,' slio said, ' for she was sure Themiro liked Severe better without than with his beard.' 'But what have I do with Seyere's beard?' cried Themire, reddening ; ' he may wear it a yard long for all I care.' ' You would not like it a yard long on your wedding day,' retorted Monique. ' Come, Themire, Severe bus told me you aro to marry him after the harvest.' 'Then if Seroro is shaving for that, let him keep his beard,' angrily aaia Themire. ' After the harvest ! Why, I might, if I chose, bars been Pascal's wife this spring. 'Ah, but Themire did not care for Pascal, and sho was fond of Severe,' said Monique, smiling, a remark which added to Tbeinire's indignation. Fond of Severe ! a surly follow who asked one to marry him, and had not even a kind word to say. Pascal was a rnuchpleasnntoryoungman, thought Themire, though Mademoiselle Monique had never liked him. Uut this, too, turned out to be a mistake. With a blusb, Moniquo assured Tliemire that sho had always liked Pascal. 'Was he not her uncle's godson, and when he niarrie3,' added Monique, looking straight before her, ' 1 shall give him a thousand francs. For Severe, of course I can do nothing of the kind, though I really like him too. I can only give him a silver watch ; but do not toll him so, Themire.' ' Tell him ! Mademoi3ello Moniquo mi 'lit give .him a dozen watches for all Thomire cared. Ho might say she was going to marry him, but she, Themiro, had promised nothing of tho kind. Be sides she knew it would break Pascal's heart, and that went aga&st; he; conscience.' ' Sovere has savings,' began Monique. 'Mademoiselle Moniquo, I do not think of tho money,' said Themiro, virtuously, 'But I can not make Pascal unhappy. I shall tell Severo eo, and I hope ho will not be aftor mo or worry me, because it will be of no uso,' said Themire resolutely. 'But suppose Sevore should be angry,' sug gested Monique. ' Perhaps you had bettor keep out of hi3 way, Themire.' Tbe two girls put their heads . together, and when Gcrmaino came back with the cider sho \w\ been drawing, she learned tbat Thomire, seized with a sudden and violent headache, had boeu obliged to take her work homo, and leave without her supper. Moniquo said this so low that Severo scarcely heard her, but Pascal beard, and gave him a scowl that meant, ' Tbis is your doing.' Monique was very silent duiiug the meal. Severe never opened bis lips, and ovory now and thcu Pascal uttered a low groan, which mado Gcrmaino ask him what he meant by grunting so. I know,' sulkily answerod Pascal, and agaiu ho scowlod at Severo, who was looking at Moni quo s palo, grave faco. Early the next morning, Pascal, to his great Durpnso, was sent by his young mistress to luemue s houso with a pie.co of trimming for tho dress which sho hadtakon away to liuislifit homo. j Ho Boon canio back looking sheepish, o& .C»Spgou a low words with Morjitjuo in the vard. then wont his way. A littlo Loforo noou, flloniquo, with lisr round straw hat on, passod by tho door of the kitchen whert Gormainofeat ?plc!siii£ vejijtables. ' I am going to look at tho ronpers,' Baid slio. Tlio morning was a hot ono. Tho Cerco sun poured down on a land of yellow corn. There Was not a cloud in tho deep blue sky, t-ol a breath of air stirred the leaves of tho tree3 that grew by tho road, along 'which walked Monique. Now and then sho stood still and gazed dreamily beforo hor. On either hand stretched broad fields of wheat, and they wcro hers. 'I am a rich woman,' thought Monique, with a weary sigh, 'a very rich woman, the very rijhest woman iu all Mannovillo ; and— whore is the uso of it all?' So she wont on till sha came to the reapers. Moniquo went amons tbo men, who had nearly cleared tho Bold, and did hor best to be gracious; but Sevoro, who eyed her closely, saw well enough- that her miud was ill at ease. Her words wero hesitating and low, her smile was troubled, her oye3 shunned his, and when she at length turnod away, thero was a look of relief upon her face. Ho walked to tho end of tho field with hsr, then waa leaving !i6r Vvttli a quiet ' GJoC morning, Mademoiselle Monique.' ' Walk a little way with mo, Savore,' she said in a very low tone. Ho followed her without a word along a narrow path which passed tbroagh tho waving corn. When they came to the spot where the great oak with the cross in it Hung its broad shadow, Moniquo stood still. 'Have you seen Themire te-d.rf. Severe ?' she asket'. ... Severoreplied that lie had not. He spoke very calmly, but never took bis eyoa off Mouique's face. Sho was palo and flushed by turns, and her little white hand was nervously shelling the tall ears of corn by which she stood. 'She is not coming to tho farm to-day,' re sumed Moniquo, hesitaliugly. ' I thought it better not.' Severe said not a word. ' I believe, 'continued Monique, after a pauao, ' that there must have been some mistake in what you told me yesterday, for— for— Themiro, I fancy, is going to marry someone else.' ' Whom else ?' sharply asked Sevorc. ' Pascal,' answered Monique, without looking up. ' How do you know- it?' And as ho put the question Severe bent his kcon eyes upon her faco. ' Pascal has jiut told me no.' ' But you had a long talk with Themire last nightj' taid Severe briely. ' I saw you both iu the kitchen.' Monique colored, raised hor head proudly, and scorned to deny. ' Yes, Themire and sho had had a long talk.' ' And what did you do, or promise to do, that she veeredlike a little weather-cock, which she is, and always was,' added this foud lover, ' from Severo to Pascal ?' ' I only told her tlio truth,' said Moniquo a little angrily, ' that I would give Pascal a thou sand francs when he married, aud to you a silver watch.' 'Thank you!' laughed Severe. 'And now,' heresumed after a pause, ' shall I tell you what you haw done, Monique ? You have sent me for ever from Mannevillo, and whether I am useful to you or not, whether the farm will thrive or go to ruin, when lam no longer there to stand between you and the plunderers whose business it Beems to bo h) rob you — I must go.' ' Why so?'' asked Monique, looking scared. ' 'When I told you, last night, that I wa3 going to marry Themire, wbat did you think was my motive 5' asked Ssvero very gravely. 'I thought you liked her,' faltered Mcniquc. ' And therefore you did your best that another should have her,' said Sevoro bitterly. ' Well, let that be ; after a fashion I liked her. She has no more head than a linnet, but she is honest. She did not care for mo, she would never havo been a false wife, and I — why I would have made hor a good husband, a3 husbands go, but as I said, what did you think waa my motive for taking her ? Why, this : that I found out that we two, you and I, could not stay as we are, and now I must go, Monique, and it is your doing.' ' But I cannot let you go, Severe,' said lion icjue, pitifully, ' you know I cannot do without you. You know that my brother will come back if you leavo me. How can you talk of going ?'' ' Is it possible you do not understand ?' said Severe, almost angrily. 'Can you not guess that, thanks to your brother, Mauneville has been busy with our two names, aud that, since you would not let me marry Themire, why, I must go, or — you must marry me,' he added, with a bitter laugh. The blood left Moniqne's clicaks, and her very lips were whito. For a v.-hilosho could not speak, then she said in a low tons : ' Well, Severe, and would that be bo hard. ?' For a moment he was silent. Tho noonday hour was very still ? then suddenly a little breeze arose and passing through the great green boughs of the old tree shook them ; and the tall red poppies and' tbe blue corn-flowers shivered gladly as they felt the sweet breath of tho sea. Strong man though ho was, Sovere shivered too, as the words of Monique fell upon his heart. f You rap-in it 1' he said at Icujglu, Monique hung her head and was mute. ' You mean it !' he said again ; ' you mean that you will marry me.' And the passionate longing of last year v/asin his voice and in his look. ' Why not ? was all she answered at length, for, Norman like, ehe could not give him a plain yea or nay. 'Monique ! Monique !' he cried, with a sort of anguish, ' do you care for mo, or is it only that you wautme !' Moniquo shook her pretty head and laughed, although thero were tears in her eye3. * It is not that,' sho said ; ' it is the magpie, for you have forgotten, Sovere ; but I— I— remem- ber.' ' Now, who is that ?' thought Maitre Severo David, as aloud knock dame to his door, late ono Saturday night. ' Let me in, uncle,' cried Severe's clear ring ing voice, ' I have scruo thing for ycu.' A vision of another Gogo flitted across Maitre Sovcre's mind as he went to let bis godson in ; but Severe only brought a wonderful tale. Ho was going to many Mouique,. Their banns wero to be published next morning, and not wishing to marry her from her own house, ho came to ask his undo to give him a bed for a week. 'You are going to marry Moniquo ?' said Maitre Severe ; 'then,' added he, striking a great blow on the table with hia fist, ' you shall have the ten thousand franca. That sneak, Jean, shall not have it to say that my nephow married his 3ister and never had a sou.' And this ia the story of Moniquo. 