Letters to the Editor. , We ' do' not hold ourselves responsible for opinion! X texpresied'lg-quri Corretviiitdenit. '?' ' ?}To the -Editor of.'tho Newcastle Chronicle. Sib, — Perhaps it is hardly right. to reply to .'the letter of Captain Anderson, whioh appeared in the Pilot o( yesterday, during bit .absence,, but' ftJ*B' gentleman 'will publish a letter after his departure from a .place, he throws himself open for eritioism, and must expeot it. , . . „ , i 1 only.wish'to .deal. with the: thirbVand fourth paragraphs of his letter, in justice to the highly respectable Shipping Master of Nawcaatla, and to my own memory. The statement Mr. Ander son makes^of .^be- case itself, I care not .abdiitrfr', correof or incorrect. There were disputants on both Bides, and each side put forth its, own views.' .. ,. ' ' '.. . -., ,-, . , ? ,..1 .,?? What roused me from my silent abode, (where all matters appertaining to science, nautical and' otherwise, penetrate), were the assertions '.That there was no chart in existence, on which' the words if /Indian- Ocean' , were depicted ; 'That' Mauritius' was in the Eastern Seas; and that' the Eastern Sea was, anywhere East' of the Meridian of Greenwich ;' and when Captain Poyntihg, who, mind, was put forward as an ex pert,- made suqh grave errors as he unquestion ably did 'make' (and to which certain nautical men,' one of whom, as I am informed; is a gen-.1 tleman who subsequently tried to rebuke me, took exception in very strong language) , it was time to arouse myself, and point ont the mis takes and ignorance of thoae who blundered — blunders, I contend and maintain, no publio school boy could make. Mr. Anderson still de fends the term Eastern Sea . as applicable to ' any sea East of the Cape of Good Hope up to the' 180 dog. of East Long.,' and hence, he con tends, theiin-2ta» Ocean is an Eastern Sea, .In replying to thatipeouliar chicken incubated by Mother Carey, , who urged that any sea in the Eastern hemisphere was an Eastern Sea, 1 re ferred to an Insurance agent for a definition, and 1 should wiih Mr. Anderson also to seek advice on the subject. The vesael Was to sail 'to. North and South Paoifio and Atlantic Oceans, China, and Eastern Seas and Straits.' I contend the conjunction of , the words ' China' and ' Eastern' point out that it is to t!u- Eastern Sea (as defined on all charts and maps) the ves sel was to ..sail, and not to any sea East of tho Meridian.1 or of the Cabe. which would corcDrl»Q the Black Sea, and Sea of Azor, Caspian boa, Baltic, Zander, &o.; ; and, of. course, accepting that definition, Straits would apply to all Eastern straits, and not to the straits running from (Tic Eastern 'Sea: Bepce, tho Straits of Bo'nifaoio, and of MesBina. &o.;, &c;, would all bo. bound up in that Word' Eastern. Not' to know, at a mo ment, the precise longitude and latitude of the Mauritius did uot arouse me, ouch forgetftilness under tho line of examination would, as a mat ter of foot, be forgiven ; but when the position of the Mauritius was changed altogether, I felt wrath and (ghosis havp 'their feelings) spoke out,' and the majority of those Who beard the evidenoe agree with me. I am . sure Mr. . Anderdon must have been dreaming' when he alleged the existence of incon sistency on tho part of tho, 'Shipping Maator. I defy him to point! to. a better, in the , Auatralaaian Colonioo— onp more anxious to do liis duty be tween master and soainon, ,or one rnoro anxious to allay tho angry feeliugs tjfat often arise after a voyage betwopn af t ond f prp- ard. . Gannot Mr. AndoreonBoo that if men like to sail (boipg firgt told of it) to ' tint Mauritius,1' under articles an reoordod above, it would be perfectly right for; thoru to do so ; while those who object have as equal right to. raise the objection ; and that as to shipping ' Stevens, tho steward, afterwards shipping three seamen,' the Shipping Master shipped those men for 'a voyage,' if the vessel performed that voyage in three weeks. The Shipping Master would give the same adyico to thoso'monas he' gave the others,* namely,' that the voyage was completed, and the men entitled to a discharge. Perhaps snob, an event may happen, even with the' men in question. It was, .Captain Anderson and his'friends who rushed into these wrong definitions. The whole matter might have rested on the words ' a voyage,' and the ruling of tho Shipping Master have been taken at first, to the great gain of the owners. ? THE GHOST OF,' MER0ATOR. 