MISCELLANEOUS. A railway porter was lolled on the Bathurst line on the 26th inst., through the pressure of a crowd of persons. A man has been found alive in the bush near Maryborough, Queensland, who had subsisted for 11 days on grass. The Barrangong Chronicle relates the following:—" Mr. Hancock, while sitting1 near his xo'd and float, at the Burrowa River on New Year's Day, while the sun was rising, felt rather sleepy, he having attended to Ms rod all sight. He was however, soon brought to a state of wakefulness by a strange hissing noise which somewhat started him, and on opening his eyes he suddenly opened his mouth, and for a time each particular hair on his head stood on end, while a clammy, cold perspiration distilled itself all over his body. A laigebrown snake, 7 feet long, having taken up Ids posi tion between Mr. Hancock's knees was the cause .of the alarm. His snakeehip was sitting on a few coils of-the tail end of ills body, with the rest erect, and its head level with the face of the worthy angler, bent evidently on giving Mr. Bandmcfe a quick passage over the other river. .Mr. Han cock was awake then, but .he fek a* »loss to know how to proceed, but only for a moment, as the nature of the case admitted of very little delay. To attempt to move away was sheer madness. What is to be done ? Yes, Mr. Hancock had it, and with most heroic pluck and presence of mind, be seized the monster by the throat close to the head, and there held it at arm's length. It was with thegre&test; difficulty that the snake could be prevented from coiling its body round the arms, legs, and neck of Mr. Han cock, each of which the reptile attempted. Now came the difficulty. What's to be done with this caught snake ? Mr. Han cock had no way of keeping it at home, and no desire that way; what's to be done with it? Oh happy thought—drown the wretch! The thought was no sooner conceived than executed, but the brute did not seem to drown well." A sad tale of youthful heroism comes from Boroondara. A fine lad named Pat lick Kenney, in company with a young sister about 11 years old, went for a cask of water to a dam in a garden attached to the farm. On arriving at the hole the de I ceased carelessly backed horse and dray into about 12 ft. of water. The little girl, who was standing up at the time, was preci pitated into the water, and deceased jumped in after her. He managed to reach her, and suceeded in bringing her near the bank; but apparently exhausted by his efforts, loosened his hold, and sank. A laborer on the farm witnessing the sad occurrence rushed to the spot, but only in time to save the girl's life, who was taken out in a state of insensibility. The body of the unfortu nate boy had disappeared from sight, and was not discovered for half an hour after wards, when life was found to be quite extinct.. Much sorrow is felt for the lad's father, who is an old and respected resi dent of the district in which he resides. A terrible sequel to an hour's amusement telliiig ghost stories occurred at the Surgical Institute. .A zoom full of young ladies, patients of the Institute, amused and ex cited each other by stories of terrific ap paritions, hobgoblins, ghosts, &c.; The gas had been turned out, either intentionally or by accident. In the climax of a vivid story, one of the girlB threw her shawl over a trembling comrade. A little rustle and strange conduct was noticed. When a light was brought, the fact was revealed that the poor girl was insane. She has remained so ever since, yet hopes are entertained of her recovery.—Indiana. The Bletchley correspondent to the Southern Argus says:—" From what Z can learn, "Townsend's Folly"—the Murray Bridge—is progressing—towards decay. The noble river will be spanned, I believe, some time, but not so tbhe bottomeless swamp beyond. A canal is the only thing of utility to be done by these. Some " know ing ones" think that the " gas bag" tapped some time ago is a proof that coal exists there. If this should prove to be correct, we shall not have spent some £100,000 in vain. The Moekhatnpton Bulletin says:—Mr. Frazer, or Victoria, has bought the lease of 1,020 miles of counter on the Thompson River, and means to stock it with sheep. The 850,000 acres, when watered by dams, will carry from 300,000 to 400,000 sheep, each of which will yield annually 6-lbs. of wooL In a few years, therefore, Mr. alone will increase the Northern Railway traffic, and the exports of Rock hsmpton, by 700 to 800 tons of wooL A few days ago (says the Kapunda Herald J a wager was made between a well known farmer of the Murray Flats and an ex-wheatbuyer of this town, to the effect that the latter could not lift a bag of wheat; and throw it four feet from his toes. The parties, including a gbodly number of the privileged, met to endeavor to decide the wager on Wednesday evening. A wager is, however, oftentimes easier made than decided, and so it was in this case. Each party gave their own version astowhat they intended should be done, and the result was that the affair ended, in smoke. The modern " Samson," who is certainly- more noted for his pluck than his size, had several throws; but whilst he thoroughly satisfied himself and some of his friends, he altogether failed to satisfy the other side. The death of a veteran is recorded by the Launceston Examiner. Luke John Sillick, who died at the Launceston Invalid Depot on Sunday last, at the advanced age of 102, was born at Bridgewater, in Somersetshire, in 1774, and had been in this colony nearly forty-three years. The deceased enlisted in the 1st Royal Dragoons in 1706, and served at Badajoz, Salamanca, Toulouse, Vittoria, and Waterloo. He was discharged on a re duction of the army in- 1817, and received a pension of Is 8d per day. He arrived in this colony in the Atlas. A man named Liesfeldt, residing at Tanunda, was driving into Gawler, and on the road had occasion to pass a flock of sheep. When about half-way through the flock, Mr. Liesfeldt's horse shied, and pulladthe cart up abank, causing it to capsize, forcibly ejecting the occupant, and injuring him severely. He was at once brought ep to Gawler, and attended to by .Dr. Dawea. On examination it was found that the chief bone of one arm was broken just above the elbow," and the elbow joint was considerably injured in addition to several bruises on the face.—Gawler Mercury. A shocking case of brutality occurred, at Goodrich, New South Wale«, recently. A man, (or rather an apology for one), drove a home with a spring-cart down to the river. The horse was just completing a lnng journey, and being thirsty lowered his head for a chink; the driver, however, did not think proper to let him quench his thirst till it pleased him j he jerked the animal's head, and commenced belaboring him with the whip; the horse naturally became restive, and la; down in the water; the owner renewed liis blows with the greatest severity, on every inch of the poor beast's hide, cutting out one eye, he then took the horse out of the cart and, with an oath, declared his intention of cutting its throat. There were several bystanders who watched the act of inhumanity without venturing a remonstrance, but none thought that the' threat would be put into ex ecution ; but such was the case. On taking the horse home to his back-yard, close to the public street, the brutal owner knocked him down with an axe, and de liberately cut his throat. The horse was said to have been a good one, and worth about £5. By late advices from Tonga the_ Fiji Times learns that that island has been visited with a hurricane of an unusually severe character and force. The Martin Luther, a powerful full- rigged Russian vessel, had to cut away all her masts in order to secure her safety; and the Upelo, an iron schooner, was driven ashore, a total wreck. Many smaller vessels met with alike fate, and we are informed that the devastation and damage inland is wide-spread and most calamitous. The native population have had nearly all their plantations, churches, houses, &c.;, destroyed, and will long feel the effects of this visitation. A woman, giving her name as Elizabeth Gillie, was taken to the Police Station on Thursday afternoon, suffering it was supposed froln the effects of drink; but the Inspector's attention being called to the fact that the woman appeared ill, he ordered her removal to the Hospital, where very shortly after admission she died.—Advertiser. Mr. Henry Lee describes in Land and Water a recent examination of the bottom of the Great Eastern, made by him in search ■ of new barnacles and other marine animals. His labors were unrewarded with much of novelty; but among other interesting facts remarked, he notes that the portion of the hull usually submerged was clad with an. enormous multitude of mussels, extending over a surface of 52,000 square feet of iron plates, and in some" parts six inches thick. The average weight of the mussels was from j 12 to 13 pounds per square foot, so that the vessel was cumbered with fully 300 tons of living marine animals, enough to load, with full cargoes, two ordinary collier brigs. There are two brothers Chesney in England, both Colonels, who are supposed to know more about the strength of con tinental armies than anyone else. One wrote the Battle of Dorking, land terrified us all with the picture of our weakness: the other has just alarmed us with an account of the military power of Germany. His opinion is that all the tremendous efforts she is making in arming her sons and strengthening -her forts are directed to' an impending struggle between herself and two nations— Russia and France. The possibility and propriety of work ing cows upon the farm may well be a Squestion of interest to the owners of small arms who are compelled to support a pair of horses, useless for any purpose whatever except work, while the cows feed and ruminate in inglorious, if not, so far as this [matter is concerned, in useless ease. A farmer who has broken a pair of heifers to the yoke, finds them gentle, docile, and quick to learn, of sufficient strength, and while working, to yield as much milk as other heifers. Certainly this would seem reasonable when we think of the hard work females of a race which should be higher in our estimation as things are considered, but who frequently have reason to com-' plain of harder treatment than many heifers experience, and who, in spite of hard work, j poor fare, and abundant worry, sustain their offspring and rear them as well, if not better, than their more favored sisters who enjoy every possihle comfort and advantage. A remarkable incident and surprising escape occurred at Ryde, New South Wales, during a heavy thunderstorm on Sunday afternoon, Januaiy 16. The Sydney Morn ing Herald reports that" two girls, one the daughter of Mr. Heafd, and the other of Mr. Gascoigne, and each about 12 years of age, were in an upstairs room sitting by a closed window when a veiy vivid flash of lightning occurred, shaking the whole build ing. The parents in the room below hearing the children fall, ran upstairs, and were greatly shocked -to find them lying on the floor apparently dead. They were at once carried down, still showing no signs of life. Dr. Hudson of Hyde, was immediately sent for. On arrival he found the girls in a state of collapse from the shock, but by the administration of stimulants and other restoratives, and free friction on the surface of the bodies, succeeded in producing some degree of animation, to the great relief of thB distressed relatives. It was, however, a long time before complete consciousness was recovered, and not until several hours after the occurrence could the patients speak or see distinctly. The escape Gf the children was providential, in view of the fact that the lightning actually struck them, of which there can be no doubt; as there are holes burnt in parts of their clothing cor responding with blister marks on their bodies —in the case of Mr. Beard's daughter, a blister scar extending from the left shoul der downwards across the breast to the right hip, all the garments showing precisely the corresponding marks. The girls are so far doing well, and Dr. Hudson reports them as in a fair way of recovery, but likely to suffer for some time to come from the severe nervous shock." After dinner is the natural time, the Sariitwy Record says, for the repose of body and 'mind. Then are the hours for laughter and frivolous conversation, political discus sion, philanthropy, poetry, the drama, music, religious and scientific meetings, legislation, daneii^ billiards, wjiist (for low stakes), in fact any occupation which draws us out of ourselves, and interests us rather in the a&irs; of other people than our own. Care for one's dear self is always carking, and has a carking influence on the solar plexus. If those stern economists who grudge as lost every minute of our short lives not spent with a definite aim should ask, " What are you careless mortals doing with your precious moments?" we would answer "Digesting! If that is not an important occupation we do not know what is. A man named Harry Davies was recently thrown from his horse near Millieent, and sustained serious injury. A wife of nearly ten years having given her servant a holiday, was attending the culinary matters herself, and hearing her husband coming into the kitchen, thought she would surprise him as soon as he opened the door by throwing her hands over his eyes and imprinting a kiss on his brow, as in the days of the honeymoon. The hus band returned the salute with great interest, and asked, as he disengaged her bands, "Mary, darling, where is your mistress?" The wife discharged '•* Mary, darling" the next day, and has adopted a new plan of " surprising" her husband. The following extract from a private Jetter written by the captain of the Gipsy Chief, from Rio de Jafteiro to Plymouth, tt> liis brother in Melbourne, may account for one of our missing ships. It, however, points more in its details to the Culzean Castle than to the Strathmore, but, as will be seen, nothing definite was ascertained :— " On the third of September, 1875,1 passed a large iron clipper ship, apparently about 2,000 tons burthen, dismasted and abandoned in lat. 25 deg. 20 min. south, long. 42 deg. 15 min. west, I lay by her for several hours, but could not board in consequence of such a heavy sea on. She had been on fire, and was completely gutted out. I could not get a rope on board, so I proceeded on my voyage." The Avoca Mail says that considerable curiosity, not unmixed with excitement, was ehown by miners and others during the past week, through the exhibition of a large bar of metal on the counter of the Avoca Hotel bar, the reduction by furnace of & quantity of Stone from the claim of Messrs. Purdie Brothers, of Percydale. This bar had a bright silvery appearance, with plain indications of mundic and gold, and on tapping it with a hard substance gave forth a musical metallic ring, very different from the dull sound produced by the per cussion of simply base metal. Its weight was 107 lbs., and it is believed to contain galena or silvery lead, gold, and perhaps antimony. It has been sent to England for assay and separation. Says the local paper:—" A black swan was shot in Wallaroo Bay on Wednesday morning, Januaiy 26. It was fired at once or twice, but took little notice of the inci dent. On a boat being put off it flew about a quarter of a mile. Then Mr. Bo3s went out and shot it." One of the secrets of the prosperity of the French people, and their ability to bear even the heaviest burdens without giving way under them, is the extraordinary thoroughness with which they cultivate their farms, vineyards and orchards, and the profit which they contrive to obtain from the very smallest and seemingly insignificant products. We find a fresh exemplification of this in some figures lately published in a French paper, exhibiting the extent and promts of chicken^raiaing. There are in France about 40,000,000 hens, valued at 20,000,000 dols. 6ne fifth are marketed yearly for the taBJe, bringing about four million dols.^^'Ot^ annual production of chickens is 80,000,000, .worth in the city markets 24,000,000 dols,, and 2,000,000, dols. I are added for the extra value of capons and fatted hens. The production of eggs is estimated at 48,000,000 dols., making the total value of eggs, chickens, capons and hens annually sold about 80,000,000 dols., or 2.22 dob. to every man, woman and child in France. The power to make much out of a little, and to live frugally on small means, and with limited resources to fall back on, is the distinguishing trait of the French people, and one well worth emulat ing. The Eastern papers records a freak of nature that outrivals the Siamese twins. This Strang® freak is in the shape of a double child, or more strictly speaking, two children joined together. The curiosity is the offspring of colored parents, Crittendon and Sarah Jones, of Beach Island, South Carolina. The one child is a perfectly developed female, large for her age, and with every appearance of health. The other, who is a male, is but imperfectly developed, has only the rudimente~of limbs, and does not eat, depending for sustenance on his sister. These two beings are joined to gether by a wide band, in the centre of which one of the lungs of the strange creatures seem to be located. Touch the male and the female will shrink; pinch it and she will cry. Reverse the operation, and still it is the female who manifests sensibility. The head of the female is mis shapen, the ears presenting more the ap pearance of an animal than a human being. The pulsation of the heart and the act of respiration can be plainly preceived in the ligament joining the bodies. The liga ment, if such it can be called, is joined to the girl at the end of the breast-bone, and to the male lower down. It is broad and thick, covered with skin like the rest of the body. Whether there are two distinct sets of vital organs, or whether-both are depen dant on one, has not yet been determined. The latter opinion seems to prevail, however. It is apparent, at any rate, that the male receives its nourishment through its com panion. A well-known physician examined the twins, and pronounced them to be the most wonderful natural phenomenon of the kind in the world. The mother and father of the children are stronsr and healthv.— San Francisco Monitor. 