THE LAYING OF THE MEMORIAL STONE OF ST. JOHN'S CHURCH. This event so long looked for and so fraught with interest to the members of the Church of England in Dalby, took place on Wednesday last. The weather was beautifully fine, and favorable for out-of-door ceremonials. It had been hoped that the Bishop would lay the stone, especially as this was (we believe) the first ceremony of the kind since his lordship's arrival, but in answer to a request by the Rev. Mr. Mahalm, the bishop replied that he could not be in Dalby before the end of March, when he will be passing through on his way to Roma ; and as this delay would greatly inconve- nience and retard the progress of the building, the Ven. Archdeacon Glennie was applied to, and he consented. The absence of the bishop deprived the ceremony of much of the interest that would otherwise have attended it. The Archdeacon arrived by the train and shortly afterwards proceeded from the School of Arts, with the Rev. R. Mahalm, both wearing their official vestments, and accompanied by the Churchwardens and several members of the congregation to the appointed place. Here a plat- form had been raised and a triangle erected, from which hung the stone, (the foundation stone of the old Church) over the place intended for its reception. The triangle was decorated with flags. On arriving at the place, the Ven. Archdeacon facing the stone, gave a short address on the object of their meeting there that day, and read the prayers appointed for such a ceremony. The Rev. R. Mahalm then read the Lesson, Chronicles, book I, chap. xxix, after which the Archdeacon having spread the mortar, the stone was lowered into its place. The Archdeacon then gave it three taps with the mall. Previous to the stone being lowered, there was placed in a cavity under it, a hermetically sealed leaden box, containing the documents that had for- merly been deposited in it, and in addition a copy of the Brisbane Courier, and the Dalby Herald of Saturday last ; also a parchment containing the fol- lowing memoranda : " In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. " By the Grace of God, the Memorial Stone of this Church, dedicated to the worship of the ever blessed Trinity, to be called the Church of St. John the Evangelist, was laid by the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, on Wednesday, the 23rd day of February, 1876, being the Thirty-ninth Year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria, and the First Year of the Episcopate of the Right. Rev. Matthew Blagden Hale, D.D., Lord Bishop of Brisbane ; William Wellington Cairns, Esq., C.M.G. being Governor of the Colony ; Robert Mahalm, Incumbent ; Charles Edward Chubb, Thomas C. Good, and Alexander A. Gaskarth, Churchwardens ; Willoughby Powell, Architect ; James Marks, builder." The stone having been laid, the Archdeacon in- vited those present to contribute their offerings, and the sum of £18 4s. was, in a few minutes, placed on it. The hymn 241, A and M was then sung ; after which the Archdeacon pronounced the Benediction, and the company dispersed. THE TEA MEETING Was held in the evening, at the School of Arts, and a more numerous company, perhaps, never assembled in that building on any similar occasion ; there were little short of 300 persons present, the juvenile ele- ment being very strongly represented. The tables were eight in number, and this part of the day's pro- ceedings having been left to the ladies, was, of course, most successfully carried out. The furnishing of the tables was such as to leave nothing to be desired — sandwiches, patties, cakes, tarts, of almost every description ; fruit of every sort procurable; tea ad libitum, and a gorgeous display of the choicest flowers — altogether, presenting a scene to be enjoyed at the time, and remembered with pleasure. The ladies to whose good taste and exertions the company were so much indebted, and who presided at their several tables, were Mrs. Mahalm and Mrs. Merrett ; Mrs. Moffatt and Mrs. Da Costa ; Mrs. Gibson and Mrs. Jones ; Mrs. Good and Mrs. Robinson ; Mrs. Jarrold and Mrs. Best ; the Misses Marks. Miss Buchanan and Miss Harvey presided at the children's ; Miss Watts and Mrs. Kennedy, at the Bachelors' table. After the discussion of the various dainties and delicacies which filled the tables, the latter were cleared away, and the company seated themselves to hear the speakers. The Rev. R. Mahalm said it had been said that he is blessed who expects nothing for he shall not be disappointed. On this occasion he (the speaker) must confess he was disappointed ; not that he expected nothing, but that the scene before him far exceeded his expectations. They had that day laid the Memorial Stone of a Church in which they might hold their worship without that distraction which many persons felt — from conscien- tious scruples — in the School of Arts. But when assembled for Divine Worship, whether in the School of Arts or in a Church, the mind should be wholly directed to the one grand object, and all ex- traneous objects and matters forgotten. The Church which they were now building was for the promo- tion of the Christian Religion, and he hoped it would be productive of much benefit, as well to the congregation as to the place ; for the greater the number of Churches that were built, and congrega- tions formed in any place, the better was it for that place, as regarded the moral conduct and welfare of the people. The Rev. speaker then adverted to the speculative theories of pagan philosophers, some of which — chiefly the "atomic" theory had been put forward in opposition to the truth of the Bible and revealed religion, and said, such an argument would ignore the existence of a Supreme Being, as Creator and Ruler of the Universe. The rev. gentleman exhorted his hearers to continue in the belief of God's Holy Word, and to exert themselves in the improvement of their minds and morals, according to the commands set forth in the New Testa- ment, which was the great rule for the guidance of their lives. He was glad to say, that the attend- ance at Divine Service had much increased, and he had no doubt, when the new Church was finished, the congregation would be even more numerous. He had to apologise for the unavoidable absence of some who had promised to attend. The Ven. Archdeacon Glennie was glad to see so large an attendance, and also for the occasion of their meeting. They would shortly have a Church in which they might carry on their service with due solemnity. He impressed upon his hearers the necessity of paying attention to the admonitions of their pastor, and by their own good example influen- cing others ; for much good may be done by silent example, where rebuke would fail in its object. With regard to their Church ; what they had given was not meritorious but simply an act of duty, in re- turning to the Great Giver of all good, a portion of the good which He had given them. They would be asked again for their contributions, and let them remember they were performing only a duty in pro- viding for the worship of their Great Creator. He was glad to see so many of other churches present, and that they were united in one good cause. Mr. Chubb would say a few words, but the rev. speakers had left him scarcely anything to say. He would, however, inform them that they hoped to open the new Church free from debt, and to that end about £300 more would be required than had been subscribed and promised. They would not be sur- prised therefore, if he were to trouble them again with a call before the building was finished ; about £1200 would be required, and £850 was at present available. It was a pleasant sight to see so many of other Protestant denominations coming forward on this occasion, and when they should have the same need, the Church of England would meet them in the same kindly spirit. [Want of space prevents us giving more than a bare epitome of the speakers' addresses.] A vote of thanks to the ladies was passed by accla- mation, after which the Doxology was sung, and the Archdeacon pronounced the Benediction. Previous to the addresses, the Hymn 341, A. and M. was sung, accompanied on the harmonium by a lady who kindly volunteered her assistance, and who also accompanied a song sung after the Archdeacon's address. Another song was sung by a gentleman, without accompaniment, as he had not a copy of the music. The decoration of the Hall, and the preparations for the evening's festivities were undertaken by Mr. Gaskarth and Mr. W. Chubb, and the excellent manner in which everything was planned and carried out, does great credit to these gentlemen's abilities and judgment. The proceeds of the day amount to nearly £45. 