AMUSEMENT AT GRAYTOWN. (To the Editor of the McIvor Times.) SIR,-- As a casual observer at your local police court on Monday last, I had nearly the whole of my feelings, such as wonder, sur- prise, contempt, admiration, and satisfaction, excited to an unusual degree. It does seem strange that in this free and enlightened age laws should be enacted to prevent people from enjoying themselves. But, perhaps the ex- uberant jollity of a large city with its gas, its rouge, and general blandishments requires some little check. But there does not appear to me to be any necessity to put the law in force to prevent the people of Graytown from indulging in a little harmless pastime, in the way of a dance or a song. Mr. Hiram Slocum is a native of the land of wooden nut- megs, gin sling, cocktails, brandy smashes, Tammany rings, patent notions, stone fences, greased lightning, lager beer, and mollasses. In his country "it ain't no sin to dance any- how you can fix it." But Mr. Slocum left that glorious land of freedom and came to Spring Creek. The promises of prosperity held out by the great rush were broken one by one by fate, the township after receiving its name continued to dwindle away till it left Mr. Slocum with a policeman and one or two others alone in the midst of a vast solitude. Mr. Slocum had purchased the principal hotel in the place, and has had more room than business ever since, and a short time ago he invited some friends to assist him in making merry the anniversary of the birthday of Master Slocum, and after the guests had as- sembled, and the ghost of care was about to be laid at Graytown for a few hours, Mr. Hind, a policeman, informed Mr. Slocum that he must stop that dancing or he 'would be summoned'. Mr. Slocum could not see the force of Mr. policeman's argument, and in spite of the officiousness of that energetic officer, Mr. Slocum's friends continued to dance away, and when they got tired of dan- cing they began to sing. This it appears fur- ther lacerated the feelings of the guardian of decorum at Graytown, and he made up his mind to see the majesty of the law vindicated. The result of this determination was that Mr. Slocum had to appear at the Heathcote Police Court on Monday last, to answer a charge of allowing people to dance in his house without asking the permission of the Licensing Bench. Now, I wonder how it was that the dancers did not assist Mr. Slocum to take the man in blue round to the back of the hotel, and let him gently down one of the many holes on the old lead. I was surprised to find that anyone could have the cheek to try to soil a bit of fun at such a place, as Graytown, and I can't help holding in contempt the man who could do such a thing. I could not help admiring the tact displayed by the bench in cleverly point- ing the way out of the difficulty, and it gave me much satisfaction to see Slocum avail him- self of it. I'll bet that Slocum didn't shout enough for that policeman. He ought to be promoted to a better place where there is more room for the exercise of his zeal and talents. He is a beauty and he don't require blue clothes to set him off to advantage. I am, Sir, Yours truly, ONE OF THE CROWD. [Our correspondent is rather hard upon the policeman in this case, who no doubt considered he was simply doing his duty, and if he had allowed the dancing to take place without taking notice of it he would have laid himself open to a charge of neglect of duty by his superiors.--ED. McIvor Times.] 