Intercolonial Shooting a Ghost. — ' Have you seen tbe ghost ?' According to tbe Geelong Advertiser, this isthe all-absorbing ques tion at 'present among ihe inhabitants of Cbilwell, many of whom aver that at a certain time during the evenings a spectre can be seen gliding along by the fence at the intersection of Latrobe Terrace and Sharp -street. On Satur day night one ' brave' individual, armed With a gun, viBited the neighborhood, and as on tbe tin-toe of expectation he r waited for the ghoBt, he says it did ap I , pear; hfe fired at it, and was positive he f had struck tbe spectre, but on going to i the spot inhere' he expected to find it, it | had vanished. When twitted- on his j non-success, his stereotyped reply is, i ' Well there was ' Bonaething' white [ . ' there!'; .*???? %. Naw Zealand. — We are In receipt of [ news, by way of Melbourne, to the 26th January. The elections may now be said to be over, as out of the eighty-four ' members (not including the Maori re presentatives) who will constitute the new Parliament, eighty three have been returned. Unless some unforeseen disturbing element in politios discloses itself, Ministers will have as good, if not & better majority in. the new Parliament than -they had- in the last one. — Tbe cable-raising expedition succeeded on J anuary 22 in grappling the Wellington ? .end of the Cook's Straits cable, and ! - placed it on board' the steamer Egmont, J^wbich will hang on to it until the White Bay end is also raised. To this, a spare ? . piece of cable about 8£ knots in length will be spliced on, after which a final junotion will- be made to the end which is on board the Egmont. The insula tion, of tbe -recovered half is perfect, communication between the steamer and Wellington being constantly going on. —The ship Shakespeare, from Hamburg, V arrived at Wellington on January 24, , with immigrants equal to 838 adults, /'*. . all foreigners, 107 days out. She re i porte fever on board, there being only one caise; at present. There have been several. The ship has been placed in quarantine. She is reported to be in a .very idirty state. — A. governess, named Miss'Oaroline Mason Hughes, living at WeatJrMerij, ? hasrecovered £750. dam - ^eBsgainsV James Shand, a farmer re : siding^tf^he samedistrict, who promised f - to mar^: , her, but had afterwards inar riedsome one else. She claimed £3000. — £ melancholy and fatal accident hap pened Waitangi, Napier. Two girls, ? jamed respectively l?arrar and Barry — one about fourteen years of age, the ' ' titber a little older — were standing on ^$he- ]b&'nk of the Ngararo river. The *'^ap%Jg^?e way* and the girls were groyned. The bodieB are not recovered. v^They have gone out to sea. The cur Tent was .running too strong for assis tance. — The gold returns from the TbameB and- Coromandel goldfields for the month ending: January 14th show a lamentable I felling off, the total quan „ tity of 016 precious metal obtained being only *2865 ozb.14 dwts. The quantity _ of stone -crashed amounted to 2094 tone. This, meagre result isin a great measure dtife to 4ihe sjtoppajgeof the Waiokaraka minep.-r-An ^attepipt has been made to I, „ * nprotthe first trainfrom Southbridge to ^^2pQattj^bnrch^.WJien^ojitlialf,amile 'tine Christcburch side of Ellesmere ^ station, - the engine-driver observed an obstruction on the line, and brought the train to a stop as quickly as possible. A quantity of atones and workmen's picks anil shovels were laid aoross the nils. ' 