' a lisasaro of jfc-BTHpiiati, . MASSACHUSETTS. (From Sheldon and Temple's ' History ofNbrtlifielaY') iVCar^c.'s island, off Uip ujipor end of fine mea dow, was printed by the town to William Clarice !q lliSti, aid conflrmod lo bjs.ltelrs February 23. 17&1\. . Il Uien contained 10| acres. 8y the trrowtb of ifs&B; mid oonscQucot accumulation of toil u increased to 1(1 acre*. But since the WOpd was cleared off tbe freshet* hare swept away the larger part of the island. Like »?- many placet— possible and impos s[hle-~-Euifi lfclanrl trna ntnutAil !n hd nnn of the spots where Oapuin Kidd, the pirate, burled a chest of gold. TUe le gendiilhsl Kidd and his men ascended the river— how thoy got over the three falls with their ponderous load is not stated — till ,they reached this secluded, island. Sere, having placed the heavy cheat .in igijiole, they sacrificed by lot one of Uieir nutnW, W laid hit body on top of the treasure that his ghost might for ever after defend it from all fortune-seekers. Many a man longed for tbe gold, bst bad not the courage to dis turb tbe ghost But in an evil hour. Ab.net Field, after consulting a noted conjurer, and ascertaining the exaot spot wjifre the cliest was huried, resolved 'to tempt the devil on the haunted i«le.' Intrusting the secret to two confederates -j-lbr nothing could bo done without the presence of three— he waited for (he pror. pjtipus time, whpoli was when pie full moon traa directly overhead »t midnight. They were to form a triangle around the designated point, and work in perfect silence— i« V word spoken would break the cliaxm ! Having reached the island, aid fixed upon the spot, tlieybogan, The h(rd [labor ind terror of the still midnight, with its imagined dusky sprites, brought osttig drops pfucrsniratienj butihovdug with desperation, for if the cock should crow. the spell would dissolve. Bauing the ^row-bar fora mighty stroke, doivn it goes— click ! against Uie iron lid. 'You're nit ft .!' exclaims one, forgetting the ohirge of silence. Alas !, for lilt word. The charm it broken ; and. insUntly the chest settles down out of reach ; and ** instantly the disturbed ghost appears, flitting, around them! And before they cin collect their scattered tenses, Satan himself— full six feet tall— rises (com under the bank, crosses the island ' likes wheel,' going right through a htystuk, and blunges into the river ivitha yell and a Splash I Thus was the hope: of auxipue months blasted ! But the diggers ever after insisted— as they told the story. Ho the eager group gathered of an ef-ening before the blazing fire— that Uioy.j&uok; ? the iron lid, and might have been rich men, but for the unlucky erclamatiqn, '! You've hit it!' Some were malicious enough to saythat the secret of the expe dition was1)elr«ye3Tn advance': and that Oliver Smith and kn acoomplice were on hand to personate the ghost and tbe evil one. 