TALES. E D I N A. ?By Mbb. HENRY WOOD, Author of 'East Lynne.' rim,. of publication in Australia has' been purchased by '* the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chamer XXXIII.— Under the Church Walls. «? No I cannot buy the bonnet ume-s you will make ihe alteration at once. Now : eo that I may take it home with me in the carriage.' The Speaker was Mrs. Townley. Daisy was spend ing the day with her in Westbourne-terrace, and they had come abroad, shopping. Mrs. Townley had fallen wo wirti a bonnet she saw in a milliner's window in Oxford-street ; she entered the shop and offered to buy the bonnet, subject to some alteration. The mistress and proprietor seemed rather unwilling to gwke it. «'I assure you, madam, it looks better as it is,' she urged. 'If we substitute blue flowers for these gray ones, and carry the side higher, it will take away ail its style at once.' The assurance somewhat shook Mrs. Townley. If there was one thing she went in for, above all else, it was ' style.' But she liked to have her own way also, and depended much upon her own taste. 'Three parts of these milliners object to any sug gested alteration only to save themselves trouble,' ehe said aside to Daisy. ' Don't you think it would look liest as I propose ?' I hardly know,' replied Daisy. ' If we could ?see the alteration first, we might be able to judge.' « fv ma'te change, unless the bonnet was m j uSht, Madame Franoeis (her name, as it ap peared on the door plate) absolutely refused. Of ourse she would alter it, Bne said, if Madame insisted r Purch0^ing the bonnet; but she must again ex Th j* °Pini.on ^at ^ would spoil the style, lie discussion was carried on with animation, ?rff fi8 native tongue being decidedly English, in P te of her name. Mrs. Townley still urged her own n,lt very strenuously ; for she felt rather „ and would not have risked losing the style' for the world. 1 call my head milliner,' said Madame at ' ''Her taste is very superior. Mam' selle, go ask Miss Bell to step here.' left if1 Be^e—a young person, evidently French — s.*ir,*vT ^ace behind the counter and went into to p room. Every pulse in Daisy's body seemed to ^er fingers' ends when she came back OB . 'osaline. Quiet, self-contained, without a smile be Jh- n any gladness of heart there might „ v '? ® 08 aline gave her opinion when the case vB_j j ^ted to her. She took the bonnet in her at it ^ ** there for a minute or so, looking if Madame,' she said to her mistress, ' that for tv ^7 flowers of a lighter shade were substituted snoii ^onld be prettier. Blue flowers would not t « h nne}' , -^8 to the side, it certainly ought j8 „ 'e carried higher. It is the right height as it Bell?'l«?ia-f an-* the flowers at once, Miss her aise** Madame, upon Mrs. Townley's signifying Iffi.. to *ae suggestion. ' The lady will wait. Us taste is always to be depended upon,' added Madame, as Rosaline went away with the bonnet. ' How extremely good- looking she is ! ' exclaimed Mrs. Townley, who had never seen Rosaline before, and of course knew nothing about her. ' Quite beautiful.' 'Yes,' assented Madame. ' When I engaged her I intended her to be in this front room and wait on customers ; for beauty does attract, there's no deny ing it. But Miss Bell refused, point blank : she had come to be in my workroom, she said, not to serve. Had I insisted, she would have left.' | ' Is she respectable ?' The question was interposed by Daisy. Swelling with all kinds of resentful and bitter feelings, she had allow her tongue to get the better of her discretion ; and the next moment felt ashamed of herself. Madame Francois did not like it at all. 'Res-pect-able! ' she echoed with unnecessary de liberation. 'I do not understand the question, madam.' Daisy flushed crimson. Mrs. Townley had ako turned a surprised look upon her sister. ' Miss Bell is one of the best- conducted young per- j ! sons I ever knew,' pursued Madame. ' Steady and quiet in manner always, as you saw her now. She is very superior indeed ; quite a lady in her ways and thoughts. Before she came to me, nearly two years ago, she had a business of her own down in Cornwall. That is, her aunt had ; and Mies Bell was with her.' ' She looks very superior indeed to me,' said Mrs. Townley, wishing to smooth away her sister's uncalled for remark ; ' she has a nice tone of speech. — Have you any dentelle de Paris ?' The bonnet soon reappeared : but it was not brought by Rosaline. Mis. Townley chose some lace, paid tne bill, and left. As Daisy followed her sister into the carriage, her mind in a very unpleasant whirl, she knew that that matter which had puzzled her— the never seeing her husband abroad with Rosaline — was now explained. Rosaline was at this place by day ; but, she supposed, at home at night. It was i-o. The reader may remember that one evening when Frank went in to see dame Bell soon after she came to London, she had told him that Rosaline had gone to Oxford-street on some mysterious errand : mysterious, in eo far as that Rose had not disclosed to her what she went for. The fact was, that Rosaline had then gone to this very milliner's by appointment, having procured a letter of introduc tion to Ler from a house of business in Falmouth, with the view of tendering her services. For she knew that her mother's income was too qmall to live on comfortably, and it would be a good thing if she c rnld increase it. Madame Frangois, pleased with her appearance and satisfied with the letter she brought, engaged her at once. Rosaline had been there ever since ; going up in a morning and returning home at night. The milliner had wished her to be entirely in the hou&e;, but she could not leave her mother. On this day, as usual, Rosaline eat at her work in the back room, planning out new bonnets — that would be displayed in the window as ' the latest fashion : just from Paris*' — and directing the young women under her. That she had a wonderful aptitude and innate taste for the work was recognized by all who saw her enraged in it, and Madame Francois had speedily made her the superintendent. The girl, as Madame thought, always seemed to have some grievous weight of care upon her : when questioned upon the point, Rosaline would answer that she was uneasy respecting the decaying health of her mother. More thoughtful than usual, more buried in the in ward life, for the appearance of Sirs. Frank Raynor, whom she knew by sight, had brought back old re miniscences of Trennach, Rosaline sat at her employ ment this day until it was completed, and the hours of labour had passed. Generally speaking, she went home by omnibus, but she sometimes walked. As she did on this evening ; for it was a mild and pleasant one, and somehow she felt in great need of the fresh air. So that it 'was tolerably late when she got in, close upon half-past 9. The first thing to be noticed was, that her mother's chair was empty. As was the room. Rosaline passed quickly into the bed-chamber, and saw that her mother had undressed and was in bed. ' Why, mother ! what's this for ? Are you not , well r' 'Not very,' sighed the dame. 'Your supper is i ready for you on. the table, Rose.' ' Never mind my supper, mother,' replied Rose, snuffing the candle, and putting two or three things to I rights in the room generally, after taking off her 1 bonnet. ' Tell me what it is that's the matter with you. Do you feel worse r' ' Not much— that I know of,' was the answer. ' But I get weary, and thought I should be better in bed. For the past week, or more, I can't get your poor father out of my head, Rose ; up or abed, he's 1 always worrying Hie.' ' But you know, mother, this cannot do you any good —as I have said,' cried Rosaline in a 6tifled tone ; for she had heard the same complaint once or twice lately. ' What troubles me is this, child — how did he come by his death ? That's the question I've wanted answered all along ; and now it seems never to leave me.' Rosaline dropped her head. No one but herself knew how terribly the subject tried her. ' Ulase Pellet called in at dusk for a minute or two to see how I got on,' resumed Mrs Bell. ' When I told him how poor Bell had been haunting my mind lately, and how much the prolonged mystery of his fate seemed to press upon me, he nodded his head like a bobbing image. * I want to know how he came by his death,' I said to him ; ' I'm always wanting it r ' ' I could tell, if I chose,' said he, speaking up quick. ?Then why don't you tell? I insist upon your telling,' I answered as quick as he. Upon that, he drew in, and declared he had meant nothing. But it's not the first time he has thrown out these hints, Rosaline.' ' He is a dangerous man,' spoke Rosaline, her voice trembling with passion. ' He could be a dangerous enemy.' ' Well, I don't see why you should say that, Rose. He is neither your enemy nor mine. But I should like to know what reason he has for saying these things.' ' Don't listen to him, mother ; don't encourage him here,' implored Rosaline. ' I'm sure it will be better for our peace that he should keep his distance. And now — 'will you have some arrowroot to-night, or ? ' ' I won't have anything,' interrupted Dame Bell. ' I had a bit of supper before I undressed and a sup of ale with it. I shall get to sleep if I can ; and I hope with all my heart that your poor father won't be coming to me in my dreams.' Rosaline, as bidden, carried away the candle, and sat down to her supper in the next room. But she could not eat. Mr. Blase Pellet's reported words were quite enough supper for her. Would this state of semi-thraldom in which she lived ever cease, she asked herself : would she ever again, as long as the world should last, know an hour that was not tinged with its fatal remembrances ? In the morning her mother said she was better, and got up as usual. This was Saturday. When Rosa line reached home in the afternoon, earlier than 011 other days, she found her stirring about at some active housework. But on Sunday morning she lay in bed, confessing that she felt but poorly. Rosaline wanted to call in Mr. Raynor : but her mother told her not to be silly ; she was not not ill enough for that. The inward disorder which afflicted Mrs. Bellf and would eventually be her death, was making silent progress, sure if slow. Frank Raynor — and his ex perience was pretty extensive now — had never known a similar case develop itself so lingeringly. He thought she might have a year or two's life in her yet. On this Sunday afternoon, when she and Rosaline were sitting together after dinner, Mr. Blase Pellet walked in. Rosaline only wished she could walk out. Rather than endure his company, she would have been glad to do it. But she forced herself to be civil to him. . ' Look here,' said Blase, pulling a newspaper ou* of his pocket when he had sat some minutes. ' Thier . advertisement must concern those Raynors that you know of. I'll read it to you.' ?'Lost. A small black carved desk that has the appearance of ebony. Was last seen at Eagles' Nest in the month of June, more than two years ago. Anybody giving information of where it may he found, or bringing it to Mr. Street, solicitor, of Lawyers' Row, shall receive ten guineas reward.' ' Those Raynors, you know, came into that Eagles' Neft property, and then had to turn out of it again,' added Blase. 'Ten guineas reward for an ebony desk!' com mented Mrs. Bell. ' I wonder what was in it r' Blase did not get an invitation to stay for tea this afternoon, though he prof ably expected it. However, he was not one to intrude unwished for, and took his departure. ' I had a great mind to ask him what he meant by the remark he made the other evening about your poor father,' said Mrs. Bell to Rosaline as he went out. ' Oh, mother, let it be ! ' exclaimed Rosaline in a piteous tone, her pale f ice changing to hectic. ' He cannot know anything that would bring peace to you or to me.' „ ' Well, I should like my tea now,' said Dame Bell* ' And I'd have asked him to stay, Rose, but for your ungracious looks.' Rosaline buBied herself in getting the tea : which they took nearly in silence. While putting the things I away in the cupboard afterwards, Rosaline made some remark, which was not answered. Supposing her mother did not hear, she spoke again. Still there ? came no reply, and Rose looked round. Dame Bell was lying back on the sofa, apparently Unsensible. p 'It was the pain, child,' she breathed, when Rosa*- line had revived her but bhe had not quite fainted ; 41 the sharp, sudden pain here. I never had it. I think, aB bad as that.' Ijike a ghost she was still, with a pinched look in her face. Rosaline was frightened. Without telling her mother, she wrote a hasty line to Frank, to ask if he would please to come round, twisted it up three corner fashion, and sent it by the landlady's daughter. The note arrived just as Frank Raynor and his wife Were beginning to think of setting out for evening ser vice. Frank chanced to have gone into a small back loom near the kitchen, where he kept his store of drugs, and Daisy was alone when Sam came in, the note held between his fingers. ?'For master, please, ma'am ; and it is to be give to him directly.' With an impatient word — for Daisy knew what „ these hastily -written unsealed missives generally meant, and she did not care to go to church at night alone — she untwisted it, and read the contents. ' Dear Mr. Raynor, — If you could possibly come round this evening, I should be very much obliged to you. My mother has been taken suddenly worse, and I do not like her looks at all. Very truly yours, R. B.' 'The shameless thing!' broke forth Mrs. Frank Raynor, in her rising passion. ' She writes to him exactly as if she were his equal.' Folding the paper in its twists again, she threw it on the table, and went upstairs to put her bonnet on. It did not taVe her long : when people are in these moods their fingers are apt to be as quick as their temper. Frank was only returning to tbe parlour as ?he went down. ' Oh,' said he, opening the note and reading it, ' then I can't go with you to-night, Daisy. 1 am called out.' Kb answer. ' I will take you to the church door and leave you there,' added he, pitching the note into the fire. ' Of course you could not stay the service with me and attend to your patient afterwards !' cried Daisy, not seeking to suppress the sarcasm in her tone. 'No, I cannot do that. It iB Mrs. Bell I am called to.' ' Oh ! Of all people s7ic must not be neglected.' ' Right, Daisy. I would neglect the whole list of patients rather than Mrs. Bell.' He spoke on impure, pained by her looks and tone But, had he taken time for thought, he would not ; have avowed so much. The avowal meant nothing — at least, in the sense that Daisy gave to it. But for him, Francis Raynor, Mrs. Bell's husband might haye been alive now. This lay on his conscience, and rendered him doubly solicitous for the poor widow. To Frank it had always seemed that she, in a degree, had belonged to him since that fatal night. But Daisy knew nothing of this ; and the impres sion made upon her by the words was unfortunate, for she could only see matters through her own dis torted view. It was for Rosalme's sake he was anxious for the mother, reasoned her mind, and it had sow come to the shameful pass that he hesitated not to declare it — to declare it to her, his wife ! Perhaps, even, the woman was not ill— the girl had resorted to this ruse that they might spend an evening together ! She kept her face, its flashing eyes, its burning cheekB, turned to the fire, lest he should see her agitation ; she pressed her hands upon her chest, to ?till its laboured, breath. Frank was putting his over coat on, for it was a cool night, and noticed nothing. Thus they started : Daisy refusing to take his arm, on the plea of holding up her dreBS ; refusing to let him carry her prayer-book ; giving no reply to the remark or two he made. The church bells were chiming, the stars twinkled brightly in the frosty sky. Under the silence and gloom of the church walls, away from the lights inside and out, Frank stopped, and laid his hand upon his wife's. ' You are vexed, Daisy, because I cannot go to church : but when my patients really require me I must not and will not neglect them, lor a long while vow you have seemed to live in a state of perpetual discontent — of resentment against me. What the cause is, I know not. I do not give you any, so far as I am aware. If it is that you are dissatisfied with our present position— and I am not surprised that you should be so— I can only 6ay how much for your ?ake I regret that I cannot alter it. But that is what I am not yet able to do : and to find it constantly rented upon me is hard to bear. Let us, rather, try to hope for better days, and cheer on one another.' He wrung her hand with a sharp pressure, and turned away. The tone of his voice had been so lov ing and tender, and yet so full of pain, that Daisy found her eyes wet with sudden tear6. She went into church, What with the bitter resentment against her husband, her own strong sense of misery, and this softened mood, life seemed very sad to her that night. And. as the service proceeded, and tiie soothing tones of the sweet chant chosen for the Magnificat fell on her ear and heart, the softened mood grew more softened. Daisy cried in her lonely pew. Hiding her face when she knelt, she let the tears rain down. A vision came over her of a possible future ; of Frank's love restored to her as by 6ome miracle ; of Rosaline Bell and these wretched* troubles done with, lost in the memory of the past; of the world being fair for them again, and she and her husband walking hand and hand in it, down the stream of time. Poor Daisy let her veil fall when she rose, that her swollen eyes should not be seen. And the sermon soothed her too. The text soothed her. It was one that she especially loved : ' Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give yt-u rest.' Daisy thought none had ever been so heavily laden before as she was ; just as the lightly chastened are apt to think. ' If I can but be a little more pleasant with him, and have patience,' said she to herself, ' who knows but things will look round again.' But the heart of man is rebellious, as all the world knows ; very especially rebellious is that of woman. The trouble to which Mrs. Frank Raynor was sub jected mi^xht bear precious fruit in the' future, but it was not effecting much good in the present. No sooner was &4ie out of church, and the seund of the parson's impi x»sive voice and of the sweet singing had faded away oi lier ear, than all the old rancour of spirit came rusl'ung up tithe surface again. 'I wonder iX he is there still r' she thought. ' Most likely. I wish I could find out !' Instead of bending her steps homeward, she turned them towards Mark- street, and paced twice before the house that contained Dame Bell and her daughter. A. light shone behind t.^e white blind of the window, indicating the probabilit v that the room had inmates ; but Daisy could not see's vho they were. She turned t6wardB home, and had nea *ly reached it when Frank came has$ly out of the surbxery» a bottle of medicine in his hand . ' Is it you, Daisy ? I begaU to think you were late. I meant Jto£ome to the chv^ch to fetch you, but fdund I could not.1' 'Shall I walk vou?' asked' Daisy, trying to commence the carrying #ut of the i *ood resolutions *«he had made in church, $gd perhaps si'tmewhat mouj. fied by hli words. ' It is n fine night.' ' For answer he took bier arm, .and place*. it within %is arm. Ah, never wojild there have bet-'® a better husband Frank Raynor, if she had but met him kindly. ' Who is the medicine for?' asked Daisy. ' For Dame Bell I am walking fast, Daisy, but she ought to have it without delay.' ?» Have you been with her all this time r1' ' Yes. I was coming away when she had a kind of fainting fit, the second to-day ; and it took more than half an hour to get her round.' ' She is really Ul, then ?' - 'Really ill!' echoed Frank in surprise. ' Whv, Daisy, she is dying. I do not mean dying to-night,' he added ; ' or likely to die immediately ; but tbat which she is suffering from will gradually kill her. My uncle suspected from the fii&t; what it would turn out to be.' Daisy said no more, and the house was gained. As Frank rang thebell, she left his arm and went a few steps awav; beyond sight of any one who might open the door, but not of hearing any conversation that might take place. It was Rosaline who appeared. Frank put the bottle into her hand. ' I brought it round myself, Rosaline, that I might be sure it came quickly' Has there been another fainting fit ? ' ' No, not another, Mr. Frank,' replied Rosaline. ' She is in bed now and seems very Q.uiet.' ' Well, give her a dose of this without delay.' ' Very well, sir. I — I wish you would tell me the truth, Mr. Frank,' she went on in a somewhat agitated voice. ' The truth of what ?' ' Whether she iB much worse r Dangerously so.' ' No, I assure you she is not : not materially so, if you mean that. Of course— as you know yourself, Rosaline, or I should not speak of it to you — 6he will get worse and worse with time.' ' I do know it, sir, unfortunately.'' ' But the decay will be very gradual : neither sudden nor alarming. This evening's weakness seems to me to be quite exceptional. She must have been either exerting or exciting herself*. I said so up stairs.' ' True. It is excitement. But I did not like to say so before her. For the past two days she has been complaining that my father worries her,' continued Rosaline, dropping her voice to a low key. ' She says he seems to be in her mind night and day : asleep she dreams of him, awake she dwells on him. And oh, what a dreadful thing it is !' 'Hush, Rosaline!' whispered Frank in the like cautious tone ; and as Daisy's ears could not catch the conversation now, she of course thought the more. ' The fancy will subside. At times, you know, she has had it before.' ' Blase Pellet excites her. I know he does. Only the other day he said something or other.' . ' I wish Blase Pellet was transported ! ' cried Frank quickly. ' But it— it cannot be helped, Rosa line. Give your mother half a wine-glass of this mix ture at once.' . 'I am so much obliged to you for all, su',' she gently said, as he shook hands with her. ' Oh, andI beg your pardon for asking another question, ' ^ she added, as he was turning away. ' I have been think ing that I ought perhaps to 'leave my situation and stay at home with my mother. I always meant to do so when she grew worse. Do you see any necessity for it ? ' . 'Not yet. Later of course you must doit; and perhaps it might be aB well that you should be at home to-morrow, though the people of the house are attentive to her. You may rely upon me to tell you when the necessity comes. 'Thank you, Mr. Frank. Good night.' ' Good night, Rose.' ' Frank held out his arm to his wife. She took it, and they walked home together. But this time she was very chary in answering any remark he made, and did'not herself volunteer one. The interview she had just been a witness to had only served to augment the sense of treason that filled the heart of Mrs. Frank Raynor. 