j CHAPLAIN PENNY v. CAPT. SULLIVAN. TO THE EDITOR OP THH "WALLAROO TIMES. Sie,-In his last issue, under the heading " Erratic N-itos from a Wilful Pen.'' your Mount a contemporary ag*.in indulges in what appears to he a chronic disposition to distort and pervert facts when any end is to be served by which the Church of England can be made to appear contemptible in the eyes of his readers. Apoeniled is Ihe paragraph to which my letter has reference : " Tlie ease of Chaplain Penny v. Captain Sul livan of the Miinnf-Uar Ship "London," has created qnito a furore oi cscitomcnt in the ''old country." And justly so to; and all are agreed that the Ad in i rally has shown a lack of cotninon sense. Captain Sullivan, apparently " down" upon Eihilistti Romanising tendencies of the Ritualistic " civw" of the Anglican Church, ve>y proparlv exercised his authority as commander o> the vessel, for the purpose of putting a stop to the Romish practices indulged in by his chaplain The captain'" co)nni::nii that the Rev. Mr Penny chould doff his " Ron regulation uniform" strikes me us being particularly good. There can be no manner of doubt but. ihut the conscientious com mander lias bei'ii harshly dealt with. Having served his country faithfully for a period of thirty years, I cannot but think ih-it the Adinii'»lity grossly erred in removing him from bis command, from hid authority, whilst 'hey had kept Ohflp la:n Penny on board Punch remarks on the subject:-" The admiralty is often accused of be ing ' pound-foolish,' but in the ««se of ClvvpWin Penny v. Captain Sullivan, very erfocfively but fairly stated by Mr Asliely, it cannot be allowed the Usual correlative merit of being 'penny wise.' " Considering that your contemporary re ceives and quotes freely from the Standard the paper lately published in Adelaide in the interests of the Church-in which a leading article has been devoted to the subject, fu!!y explaining the matter, the unblushing at tempt at per.version is only correctly des cribed, a cynical friend iuigge^ts, when the word " untruth " is added to his own heading " wilful " You will confer a favor if ymi will kindly insert the article as it appears in the Standard. -I am. sir. &c.; C. GOODJSSOUGH TAPLIN. Port Wallaroo, Oct. 24, 1876. On the sen even the Ritualists succeed in making matters unpleasant; and Caytain Sul livan, of II. M.S. London, bus been deprived of liis command because of tlie manner in which lie resented the chaplain's display of extreme sacer dotalism on board the vessel. - j We will answer this seriously, because a great deal more is involved in it than at first- sight ap peal's, and it lias no mare to no with Ritualism than the man in the inoon- . The facts are as fol lows : In July the "Rev. 32. "L Penny volunteered his services as chaplain on board H.1I.S. London, ' for the trying fetation of Zmzibar, and on his i joining proceeded to conduct the Church services j as he had always conducted them 011 board every ship in which he had hitherto sailed. Captain Sullivan was a Dissenter, and so:>i began to show his intolerance in a:i unmistakable way. On July 21 si he ordered the chaplain to omit the Apostles' Creed from the daily priycrs. Oil the 23rd of August he told him to discontinue the chanting of the Te Deum, and On the 20th of September he forbad the chanting of the other eanticlcs at morning prayer on Sundays. All these orders were ar once obeyed. On the 20i.h of September he ordered him to discontinue the use before his sermon of the formula, " In the name of the Father, and of the Sjn, and of the Holy Ghost; Amen and to lay aside his stole. These instructions were complied with. The chaplain was very naturally indignant ar this un lawful interference with his duties, especially at l .eins ordered to disobey the Rubric and omit the simple profession of faith known as the Apostles' Creed, by -one whs was not & member of the Ghuijch that professed it; and on the 10th <:>f October he appealed to the L<>rrls of the Admir alty for protection in the performance of his sacred duties. Shortly after the Londo'i arrived at Zanzibar the.only resident; English I'lergyman died. The chaplain vu.'ulittered to give two ser vices on shore in addition to his own on board. Will it be believed that this »>OjI Christian Dis senter, the captain, ordered him to remain on board liis ship? and all the Knghsh residents were debarred from any Ciiuvch services in .:onse quence.- They wer« exceedingly indignant, and the warm expostulations of Her ilaj°sty's Aetin^ Consul induced Captain Sullivan to recal his order. The Lords of the Admiralty 'directed an enquiry to be made into the chaplain's com plaints, and after a thorough investigation de prived the captain of his command. When all the facts are known the verdict of the country will undoubtedly be "Served him right." Suppose the religious element had been reversed, and a Church commanding officer had attempted to interfere with the ordinary duties of a Presbyterian chaplain, what an outcry would j .have been raised, and justly so; but because a Dissenter is the persecutor, and behaves in such a ?shameful mnntirr that his superiors feel compelled tn remove him from his position, oh, the wonder ful difference! How calmly the Advertiser, ignoring the facts, declares " On the sea even the Ritualists succeed in making matters unpleasant." This scarcely '3ews to be the just and right way of patting it tough doubtless it was unpleasant for Captain julliran to have to learn that, though the Lords ?>f the Admiralty do not int-ist on t ie captains 01 Her Majesty's vessels being Churchmen, they do. inquire them to act as Christian gentlemen. Our complaint, then, against tho Advertiser J s doubled-harrelled. The facts we have recited j are open to the world in the $oJuinns of the Times If the Advertiser ^new the facta it perverted j .them care'essiy of course; if it did wot know them I :is it ought to have doiiev it pronounced a very decided judgment on 'insufficient information. The following paragraph is extracted from a Riverine paper :-" The other clay a squatter in <hese parts wanted & tank sunk and enclosed on a certain part of his run. He was waited cji by two simpie-JooLin;* heroes who rerjv "ved tW job. He mane up lite worjj, and was ready Jo go a? far as £G0 or £?<).. ^ticlge of his surpriso to find ;tlip pair, would do it. for £37, This at a time vhen wool was going duwjj, waa too good a iliing not to be enibr.iqeij once. He agreed, :md the men eoivuT*enoad to work. They built the dam, got their £37, and hoih were satUG'd. Tbo (h'Ot-makers came to the nearest land olBceon the? following Thursday and selected t«ft Janet Qn \ which was the tar.k ihev ha4 completed, 'i .ie improvement- was nftfc \x.o,vlk £>0-it had oji'v cost £37, VQM 3s9, tft cvcct-nr\\! <*Ondecuent ly there v\>s b-M1. to. selection. Af'oer this who sajt. that ihe Heathen Ohince has a monopoly c.f tlie ways that fttt> dark, ece. ?" On Suturday afternoon, the 14th inst, whi'.i ; Saddieivorlh mail coach was oil its way fo/ ?-.'apuiida, the cipher mi hied ai ^Jiandalti ex ? ian«e hags in aei-oivUm-e *vish. i-lie usu,-).! e is',oxa The horses, which nyo hos ge.'U""!,!l;y at this §tage t'- their day's journey too. spirited, were neverthe !-tss groused by (lie cracking of a whip and bolted ! jip.evviivds, leaving the driver beh'nd, the only o>'cii)):ind in the vehicle being a young lady, daughter of Mr J0I11I Ford, who, vsiiii consider able firmness and d«'Xierity, safely landed herself (in terra firma with little damage beyo id a good i-'.iabing. The bus, at a galloping pics, safe'y passed two riange.ons oarieg, ti>ev be?»i<r almost at right angles, and dusked through JJildrert t1 the exf.H'sae <yid pj Main streets, where Mr J. 3? C ais, who had o.n horseback araompanied them i'i.jni their siartinqpQ'ttt at Aiiandide to prevent :i-iy daingge fci?s;;g doiie. sueceedi'd in running ...'3Ciii a bunk of ground and bv:.nsin-2 them'to a t.Miidttii! without causing tko slightest damage. -Eapuuda Herald. 