THAT CAUUIJ'LOVVIILT. C hditor of the tiendiuo Advertiser. J sir,-.My mind has been considerably exer cised of late with reference to the spiritual manifestiU'.ou of the cauliflower on the occasion of the recent visit of Mrs P. to this city. It struck me as being rather peculiar that while ou a former occasion some ornaments were brought -if I remember rightly-from her own resi dence at Cajtleuiaiue, so on the last occasion an article was brought from a house in which she was at the time a guest. If the cauliflower were brought by spiritual agency, there can be no doubt that the chairman was right in describing the conveyor of the vegetable as a low spirit. Perhaps it was the ghost of a defunct China man, whose soul still hunkered after " wedge abies." It was a queer abject to present to any assembly, but what can one expect from a " heathen Chinc-e?" Like many others, I con aider the ease by no raeaus settled iu favor of spirit agency. To place the matter beyond doubt or question, allow me through the medium of your journal to challenge the spiritists of Sandhurst. I will undertake to place in j'Our office any object they may Belect-cauliflower, workbox, or ornament, and duposit in your hands a sum of money, say five or ten pounds. If the article be removed hy other than human aguney, I will at once admit that the case is proved, and will authorise you to hand over the money to the local charities; but, if afterulapse of a reasonable time, it i3 found that the so called spiritual agencies are unable to convey it away, then let the believers iu spiritualism hand over au equal amount to the treasurers of the hospital mid aaylum I iviu, Sir, yuurs truly, A. B. THE MINING DKPAKTIIENT.-The Ballurat Courier says:-We understand there is no inteu liou to abolish the Mining Department, but considerable reductions will be made in the stair, both in Molbourue and the country districts. Ill the other departments reductions are also to be made, so as to .bring the expenditure within the limits of the revenue. J GUNPOWDER ACCIDENT.-Another accident from the incautious use of explosive compound* occurred ou Thursday afternoon. A boy naiued David Seeth, twelve and a half years of age, residing iu Footscray, was playing with some gunpowder, when it exploded, and he was burnt so seriously upon his face and hands that it was found necessary to convey him to the Melbourne Hospital.-Age. WOMANLY Couit.uiu.-The Joreil correspou dent of the Hobart Town Mercury writes : On Tuesday last, during the terrific storm which swept over the district, uprooting trees and overturning barns in all directions, Mrs. John Copping, of the Ragged Tier, observed indica tions of diphtheria in one of her children, a fine buy, II years of age. From bitter and painful experience last year, she was quick to notice the first symptoms of that fearful disease, which last year was attended with such fatal results iu the Copping family; and fuily aware that prompt and careful treatment was of the utmost im portance. Her husband lay sick; and between the Rugged Tier and the residence of Dr. Blyth tho nearest road was nothing but a 20-mile bush track. But Mrs. Copping was equal to the oc casion; and through a hush traok of ranges of hills, where on that fearful day, the urash of falling timber was almost deafening, she rode to the doctor's, obtained the necessary advice, and the necessary medicines, and at once set out ou her return to the sick bed of her child. The dector, who is ever kind to the sick and dying, but who, from defective sight, cannot travel after dark, seeing that the shadows of evening were setting in, asked Mrs. Copping if she knew thu track. She composedly replied " I do not, doctor; for I have never been over it except on one occasion; but I trust to God and my horse." Her trust was not in vain; for long after dark, iu that terrific night, she reached home in a canter but not too late to apply, and that suc cessfully, the remedies which are necessary in diphtheria. The example of Mrs. Copping is not only worthy of the imitation o£ mothers, but of fathers, who too frequently, though medical aid may be obtained at their very doors, neglect to avail themselves of its advantages in cases of diphtheria, until it is too late; and they are rer minded by the silent eloquence of death, of thejr neglect. ? ijTsB PaiNOB OP WALKS'S WILD ANIMALS. The collection of animals, says the Times of India, psesented by the various Princes of India, which His lioyal llighncs3 intends taking to England a? specimens of the zoology of India, is being rapidly completed. Thp Scrapis, on leaving, might be compared to a Jfoah'a Ark from the variety of bu'4s and quadrupeds and ''creeping thiii'gs" with which she 'will be freighted on her return voyage. Uy the Jub hulpore mail U-ain on Wednesday the animals presented by II. H. the Maharajah of Cashmere to the lJriuee of Wales arrived from Lahore iii charge of Mr. Burke, of the Lahore menagerie. They consisted of a pair of Cashmere ponies, a hog-deer, a magnificent satnbour of bara singiia, four shawl-goats of thu long-haired species, two pairs of Cashmere sheep, a four horned ram, a Thibetan mastiff, and a chicori or nheas.int. The ponies are not a match either in '?. i".. i,", aTT,.,,,.,* m.,;- u;".i size or color, but are flue specimens of their kind, are very strong and sturdy set animals, ad mirably suited" for rough mountain travailing. One is a dark chestnut Yarkaud or ghuont, iind the larger pony is a white and bay piebald Char goslia, very prettily Bpctted. The sambour is a stately-looking deer, with splendid antlers, measuring' over four and a-Half feet at the shoulder:!, while tha hog deer is a smaller speci men of t'.io deer tribe, with short straight horns. The former isextremly n ild and uvon dangerous, lie had, in fact, to be placed in a horse-box by himself, and requires more than u dozen men to hold him. The long-haired, beautifully white shawl-goats are quite tame, as well as the ram and sheep. The deer, however, looked very un happy and miserable after thu journey. The dog is a great black hairy beast, some 3J feet high, with a head something like an JSng-lish imstilF, drooping ears, and powerful jaws. The clucuii . is similar in. general appearance to the EnglUh pheasant. Tne whole convoy arrived in good condition, ami the ponies were immediately put on board the Serapis, but the other animals were nut removed until dark. Some more wild animals belonging to his Tloyal Highness the Prince of Wales arrived iu Bombay at Boree Hmider station on Friday morning from Nepaul, and were at once taken to ihe Apollo Bunder in earls and put on board of one of the Go-erri ment boats and taken to the Serapis. Among these animals there was a good sized young bear, about two and a-half years old, which was allowed to run about the deck, as he is perfectly harmless. Among the other animals which were in wooden cages or boxes were two flue specimens cf the Indian wild dog, n savage tisrer cub whose mother the Prince shot, and then a eouple of Nepautese were lowered iuto the deu and succeeded, after a great deal.of trouble and fighting, in which the men recsivod some good scratches, in capturing the ferocious little uqiui.il.: Then there were two large tortoises, two or three leopard cubs, a civet cat, threcor four young^spotted deer, or cheetul, a young .ff.iareKci about fifty different kinds of varisgated pheasants, and ojher beautifully Colored small birds, plumed partridges, &c.;, and a species of armadillo which was caught at a place called Jaojaoj in Nepaul. .TUB OUST of COMPULSION' IN LONIKW. The 'London School Uu.ird, in ltd last return of schoolattendances, gives the cost of exercising tile compillsoi'y powers at £11,200 for a lialt' riiaiV In this sum is included the payment of visitors-and their superintendents, legal expenses, the rent and tases of divisional cotumiueu l'oouls, the fees paid diidcr the Sioth clause to voluntary schools, and'the' uoat of summoning obstinate and neglectful parents; who thus entail j upon London the nacessity of this additional tax. Tiie city costs £40G: Chelsea, £S32; Fins hurv, .£1231. Greenwich, £105:!; Hackney, £1-29"; Lambeth,1 £IG9!; Marvlebone, XI323; tiouthwark, £S75; tiic 'i'dwer Hamlets, =SI2<'0;' V/estujinstpr, i:ijS{3. 'fclfc ijoad "<>fly:e e^ppiises iplurlcal;' legal, and pvi»tiug-^amouut to £036, bringing the total qp to J;11,260, or nearly 433.000 a year. THOWELL'S Booit.-The Aye states that ?Messrs. Stevenson and Sous have sent n:-.Lice to \Ir. W. H. Williams, intimating that they have been informed that he (.Mi. Williams.) had undertaken to print a pamphlet for Mr. Trowell, and that they will hold him personally respon sible' for an'/ libiliuiis tuaiter it may contain. 