THE PRIDE OF THE CORBYNS. by mrs. g. linnaeus banes, author op " god's providence house," " stung to the quick," etc. ill, — the mystery op th mausoleum. It is not oustom&ry; for BarbadiauB to court the heavy noxious dews and the bloodthirsty mosquitoes by being abroad after nightfall ; but the unwonted events of ball and burial on two conseoutive days had brought to that lonely plantation a concourse of people, some of whom were detained by the claims of friendship, others of business, to a late hour. It was close upon midnight when Dr. Hawley and another friend shook bands with Mr. Walcot under the portico of tho Corbyn mansion; and stepping into his light cane- phaeton, he bade his black Jehu, "Tear away home." Once clear of the sombre avenue, where accommodating fireflies hung out their tiny lamps, the white marly road shone like a streak of silver in tbo bright moonlight. They spun aloDg rapidly, to the drowsy music of their own wheels, in concert with the droning trumpet of obsequious ' mosquitoes and tho thin metallic pipe of an occasional cicada, to which their pony's- hoof beat time. Otherwise tbo stillness was unbroken, save by Sambo's involuntary ejaculations to the steed. As they neared the point where the road branched off to tho sea-eoast, passing the mausoleum on its way through tho Corbyn Hall Wood, a shrill scream was borne up the by-road on the clear midnight air. The pony stopped involuntarily, quivering in every limb. " Golla, massa ! what am dat ? " cried Sambo in a fright. Before Dr- Ilawley or bis friend could reply, a second scream, louder and moro piercing, smote upon the car, and was followed by a succession of unearthly yells. " Quick, Sambo ! Turn to the left. There is some foul play going on down this road. Quick! or wo may be too late to prevent a tragedy." But Sambo's white teeth chattered, all tho more because the pony obstinately refused to obey the rein — willing to bolt down tho road home, but determined not to turn to the left for either man or master.. As he snorted, reared, and plunged, threatening tho slight vehicle with destruction, and the shrieks still continued, the doctor and his companion leapt out, and ran at full speed down the road, athwart which sparsely set palmetto or cocoanut trees cast spectral shadows. A faiut sea breeze met tbem, laden with the mingled perfumes of fruit and flower, but with it came more hideously the strange discordant noise. Then two or three wild dogs darted past them, howling as they went. Then, with garments flying loose and eyeballs glaring a negro woman, blind with terror, ran against tho the doctor. A man, little less excited, was close at her heels. " Hallo ! what is the meaning of this out cry?" demanded the doctor, grasping tho man by the arm, under tho impression the negre35 was escaping from ill-usage. The man — who proved to be the undertaker's foreman — could only gasp between his chatter ing teeth, " Dre'ful ! Dre'ful, doctor ; dre'ful ! The woman — a seamstress whom the foreman | was gallantly escorting home — had continued ber flight. " You black Beoundrel, what have you been doing ?" cried the doctor, giving him a shake. The man's protest was drowned by a fresh outbreak of the same appalling cries. Dr. Hawley, exclaiming, " Again ! What is that?" released his arm, convinced that ho at least was not the peacebreaker. " O, doctor, dre'ful down there ! Dead man's fight." "Pish !" " Rubbish !" from the doctor and his friend ; and they rushed forward, drawing reluctant Cicero back with them. But they too stood aghast as tbey approached the mausoleum. The noise — a demoniac com pound of blows, groans, shrieks, and howls — evidently issued from the bricked- up sepulchre! It seemed, indeed, as though a desperate com bat raged within the closed-up tomb ; and the blood of the spectators curdled as tney listened. They were not the only auditors. A neigh bouring planter and a sturdy sea-captain on their way inland bad been arrested on their journey likewise, and seemed rooted to the spot with a mysterious dread. Could anyone imagine a scene more terrible ! the mausoleum, worn with age and weather, ovorgrown with moss and liohens, sentinelled by the sandbox trees and blighted coacoa palms, whose shroud-like drapery of creepers gave them the aspect of ghosts of dead trees keeping watch for ghosts of dead men ; and scared by the un earthly diD, owls and monkeys screeched aod ohattered, to make if possible a greater pande monium. " I have seen the ooean in its fury, heard the winds break loose, and tho artillery of heaven rattle, but never did I hoar anything so terrific as this. It makes my very flesh creep," said the captain, addressing Dr. Hawley. " Can 1 you, sir, offer any solution of this mystery ? " What Dr. Hawley might have said was interrupted by a final burst of triumphant yells, followed by a peal of still more dis cordant laughter, which died away in feeble i oaohinnations, till silence scarcely less awful fell on all around. A harmless snake then uncoiled itself on the mausoluem steps and dragged itself across the road, a pair of green lizards crawled over the dome of the mausoleum to bask in the moolight; and the unaccountable noises having ceased entirely, the party drawn together so singularly moved away in a body. As a natural sequence, conversation turned on the place thoy had just quitted, Archldald Corbyu's funeral, and that of Laura Waloot ; and so much was Captain Hudson interested, that when they shook hands and separated at the fork of the roads, he had promised to call on Dr. Hawley at his house near Kissing Bridge before sailing for England. Seven persons (including Sambo) went their several ways surcharged with the story of a horrible mystery. What wonder that the succeeding midnight brought a crowd to the spot, to tost, verify, or ridicule, as might be? Notwithstanding the previous shook to his nerves, Dr. Hawley made one, with him -was Stephen Waloot much concerned by this commotion ovSr his sister's grave ; and on the extreme verge of the assembly they saw a group of old Corbyn servants huddled together/like a flock of timid sheep, with Cuffy and aunt Dinah at their head. The dootor had lost no time in making Mr. I Walcot acquainted with bis nocturnal ex- perience. Matthias only curled his lip, shrugged his shoulders, and said, " Were I you, doctor, I would not repeat this nonsense. Your patients will not earc to consult a medico who takes too much wine." He had spoken to the sons. William laughed outright. Stev, sub dued by his sister's loss, gave their informant a more respectful hearing, and, in spite of his brother's banter, volunteered to watch the tomb that night with the doctor, little Burmising how many would share that watch. Twelve by Dr. Hawley's repeater. The silent expectant crowd shrank back with affright as, without one moment's premonition, the air was rent was a volloy of shrieks and yells, which wakened tho echoes of the bills, and a chorus 'from owls and monkeys drove .the raccoon from his bed, the pigeons from their nest, and sent batwings from the shadows to flutter in the moonlight. . For one whole hour the noises were un ceasing. If superstition drew the crowd together, fear dispersed it. Only the most daring of tho auditors remained, and amongst these wore Cuffy and Dinah, who stood apart with hands upraised, as if invoking unseen protection. Bearing Cuffy 's adjuration and provisions in mind, Dr. Hawley — well acquainted with negro = subtlety, and anxious to find a natural solution for tho phenomena— drew the centenarian apart, and, with Stephen by his side, subjected him to a fire of cross-questions. " Know nuffink 'bout it, doctor ; 'cepfc Massa Corbyn not rest. Him angry ; all hitn dead family angry," was all they could elicit. Yet, iu spite of his genuiue trepidation — for every nerve seemed to quiver — there appeared some reservation, of which the doctor took a mental note for question at a fitter timo. Mrs. Waloot was frantic. Sorrow for her daughter's ioss was reduplicated by this scandal over her very grave. Mr. Walcot and William repudiated all notion of the supernatural, and ascribed the strange phenomena to a plot betweeD Cuffy and his colleagues. Stringent orders were left with the overseers that no slave should quit the plantation after sundown, or approach within a given distance of the mausoleum,- under penalty of a flogging. But that did not quell the nocturnal riot. Matthias brought his own eyes and ears to the test, had the place exumined by day, placed a cordon of military around, but all to no purpose. For five nights tho supernaturnal warfare continued. ' Trafalgar-square and tho Bridge town ice-houses were thronged with thirsty gossips, and Barbadoes throbbed with super stitious fear to its very finger-tips. Then it ceased. The excitement gradually died out, business resumed its sway, tho Walcots were condoled with, and the dead re posed in peace. Still superstition held tho haunted mausoleum in dread ; and urgent must be the business and hardy must be the man that should travel that road by night. Even over the Corbyn mansion crept a sort of eerie atmosphere. There was less laughter, and more whispering in secret corners. Every figure in mourning robes seemed to cast a shadow of death on the hearth. A cloud deeper than that of grief rested on the brows of Matthias and his wife ; and the infection spread to tho white tenantry on the estate. (To be continued. j 