-I.I.I. - TT777T" Tim : THE PEERYBiNGLE PAPERS. It is thought that notwithstanding the M'Cullooh's confident bearing, he is by no means easy under the prospect of an Opposition made up of more respectable materials than the ragged regiment which now beards him. "Vic- toria's pensioned patriot, Sir, is coming on, and you may he sure that he will be ready to drag his coat across the floor of the House in chal lenge. Mr. Casey has thrown down his gage of battle, and Mr. Service pants for a chance to avenge his snubbings. If Mr. Graham Berry f.Vi« mnrfl decent of his following make com. mon cause in the " national interest" (whatever that may mean), we shall have some respectable scrimmages. There are men in the ranks of Opposition who have some personal wrongs . to avenge. The burly knight has not spared the sensitive of the House, and they whom he has rapped over the knuckles of their self-esteem naturally long to have a kick at his shins. Well, and after all, a sparring match is bat poor sport to one who loves to see blood drawn in downright earnest. Who would care — bnt to laugh — to witness a duel fought with pop-guns ? Let us have gentle manly fighting, of course ; hut let it be as hot and bitter as hate can make it. No quarter, if yon please, asked or given. As for the business of the country ; well, that, in the nature of the Inevitable, will be got through somehow. There are always some dullards to do the hard dry work, while the wits fight, and abuse each other. At any rate, we may hope for some fun soon, and if we can get nothing better for our £300 per anrmm, let us have some readable bur lesque in the newspapers. At present our mummers are both dull and lazy. Apropos of £300 a year, Mr. Casey is the hero of the self-denial and patriotic ticket. He does ' not approve of paying members for doing their work, and he advances such, earnest arguments aeainst the principle that one cannot but con- jecture that he has for some time past enter tained the convictions he now advocates. Well> one might think that he could have come into court on this matter with an unanswerable evidence of his sincerity, had. he hut chosen. He could have renounced las screw, and so have given practical testimony of the genuine nature of his views of the question of payment of mem bers. But, as far as I know, he has never done this, and I make no doubt that while he holds his " bill to abolish payment of members " in one hand, the fingers of the other clutch close his last month's salary. 'Tis the way of our lives, how ever, and Casey, at once a lawyer and a man of the world, knows full well the value of sprats as bait for mackerel. The noble sportsman who doesn't like the ftporfcs of The Weekly Times ought to be :put Into a glass case and exhibited as a stickler for the privileges of his order. He reminds me of a skipper I once sailed with, who, , on the strength of once holding a commission 'in the navy, thought himself a yard and a half ahead Of any less distinguished mercantile (mariner. He had a fashion of trimming his sails to suit his own ideas of how the wind shonld lie. "Mr. Patterson," says he, coming on deck one evening while the ship was running with a counter breeze, " hoist away the stunsails, sir. Dash me, sir, when God gives you a breeze, sir, take advantage of it. Ease her off half a point, and keep her before this admirable slant of wind"— and he ran over a hundred miles to leeward of his course, simply to flatter himself that he could subjugate the wind to his whims. Well, this noble coursing man is of the same kidney. He can't stand anv remarks which don't run in couples with his own little notions. He would privilege the Press with a vengeance. The Press should privilege him, and show him up as the ninny he is— if he be not worse. Hang him, anyway, as a cocktail. The epistle according to James turned out a very prosy matter. With the utmost respect for James's intelligence, I have come to the con clusion that it is not of the sort for successful legislation. A friend of mine, sitting alongside me in the gallery on Tuesday night, bluntly ex pressed his idea that James was a duffer ; but I don't go so far as that. No man, I take it, can be regarded as a duffer who can cadge a KOod screw Ant. nf bin ennntnr's rocket. If sue- cess of this sort be a mark of the imbecility . which it is customary to associate with the idea; of legislatorial capacity, then I would that John Peerybingle had been bora the ass he is not, for some ether lunatic would be in the carrier bnsiness, and John would sit high among the elected wisdom of the land. No, no, James is dull, and wearisome, and pedantic, and a bore ; but the foot remains — he draws six notes per week for his share of the solemn mummeries of legislation. So does Baby Gammon, and Major Smith, and a lot of others, whom it is a vulgar fashion to pronounce noodles. But they are not noodles, if wisdom and its converse may be judged by the arbitrary test of results ' If Mr. Garnet Walch is to be judged by his latest dramatic spectacle, and yet lay claim to the; sober <sanity of genius, all I can aay is that I befieve'he'eats toasted Cheese for supper, and ktf ori&fery; ooala' Hare evokwi that extraordinary ghost business which fakir of Oolu (that is «n infernal word to write)' iete upon the boards-each night, in ghastly de- fa&ts; toSoitod-Buperstitidu; and witha wanton fceptiClsm the probabilities of spirit world wpioh is enough to raise Horace Walpole or Beckford or Monk Lewis from the grave. Now I've astroDgbelief in the botiajides of ghostsandsuper- patmal influences, and therefore, reflecting that children should not play with fire, I can only hope that those chaps who have been making' such discourteous fun of « ghalsts and gibbies " won't have cause to repent. For me, I am con tent to so far familiarise myself with the ghost hat walks on Saturday about 1 o'clock as to own him as an agreeable and profitable acquain tance ; hut any other, whether of imagina,fa'nn or of the fact (as represented in a verdict for debt), I care not about. I still declare that Me. Walch, strong and earnest in the interests of his art, outrages his digestion with heavy suppers for "the sake of the inspiration which follows in the- shape of nightmare. This is Vraciacal -Rntlin l.:_j 4nd deserves applause. The Fire King, Sir, who sweated all. the flesh off his bones, in order to show how he was prepared to -meet contingencies in the next world, was another example of sublime enthusiasm ; and I only want- to behold Mr. Casey giving up his screw, upon principle, to feel assured that the ethical element of self-sacrifice is very strong in colonial society. And everybody who has groaned under the labour of nightmare will own that he who calls forth spirits from the vasty deep by such a method deserves all he may gain, mate rially and morally, by the process. 111 back Mr. Waich's ghost against anything ef the sort conjured up by Mr. William Shakspeare. ; That is a capital notion of bringing out an Eng. Jish rifle team to have a shy with us at the butts. I don't care much about the shooting part of the matter, having always regarded potting dead game as the most insipid work imaginable. But I should like to see some of the Englishman out here, in order that they might be treated to the frank hospitality with which they have received our fellows. I'm a great believer in these in ternational meetings. They do a world of good indirectly, and among classes of people with whom it is our interest to stand well. We should get heaps of smart young fellows with a few thousands at command, if we were really better known- than we are by the geography doors ana mnraony xronope s conclusions. A good cricket team, or rifle- shooting team, made up of gentlemen, you know, is a valuable Immigration agent, you bet. ; The circulation of the blood in the sna.il was an interesting item of the performances at the annual talking meeting of the Royal Society last Thursday night. But if Mr. Barnard, the author of this microscopic triumph, could only put us up to something which would be a stop to the circulation of the blood in a and so put a stopper on that predatory creature's loafing on garden stuff and fruit, I for one would be much obliged to him. I'm a practical man, and ban't see the use of analysing the organisms of vermin, unless with the practical object of crushing 'em out of existence. But these science chaps love to poke their noses into the wonder ful of nature. Every day they are getting more inquisitive and audacious, and I for one am pre pared to hear that it has been discovered that Voltaire was right, and a cabbage is possessed of a soul. And what does it matter, so long as the cabbage boils fresh and green and succulent ? "Benighted savage," said a missionary to a stout old chief who had just finished his dinner off roast mariner, and was -critically examining the reverend gentleman's points; "benighted savage, are you aware that you have just' eaten of an immortal being?" " What you call him ?" said Quashi, rubbing his abdomen. " Nebber mind ; he taste Ram good— berry good white man ; makee berry nicee supper for blackee." And bere he pinched the nutritious developments of the missionary with unmistakable significance. Now, that heathen was a practical man ; the parson was a theorist — whioh oi the two had the best of it, and who best. serves society, fthe man who discourses of the circulation of a snail's blood, or he who sets W work to protect his garden against the opera tions of the vermin ? The latter, surely. I re peat — I am a practical man, and have a special horror of microscopic investigations. They have played the very deuce with our food and drink, so that did one listen to their ominons revela tions he might starve on bran- bread and water out of which all animal life had been boiled thrice over. Science has its drawbacks, and this is one of 'em — that it tells us of that which makes us uncomfortable, and fails to inform us how to recover the normal ease of our ignorance. And ionnraTipp So Klioa 14- 41. wu oo, iV/U IIUC wiacauca Mjr what they may — and here I ttinlr J hear you Sneer, Mr. Carper,. that, 'this admitted, one of the happiest of God's creatures must be JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 