RESULTS AND PROSPECTS OF PROTECTION IN THE UNITED STATES. (From the Times, September 1 ) AT a youth the controversy which has lately arisen the relative prospects of English and American man intact Every one conclusion was manifest that the future beloved to free trade rather than to protect the Vi Whether protection may have been useful for a time or not may be a question for historians, or for the hundreds of future nationalities but that in a few years the policy of protection will be abandoned by the 1 United States would seem to be now accepted as one of the sanctuaries of the political future It might still remain to be considered whether a policy of protect me in certain stages of a nation's progress may not be a wise and politic course and the legislation adopted by the United States in recent years is a very strong test of this pool cv Many contributions have been lately made to the study of the actual position of manufacturing industry in the United States, and not the least interesting is the letter of ' A Manufacturer, published on Wednesday last in our Cot) Article I one writer agree with Captain Douglas Galton n estimating very highly the degree of progress made by american manufacturers under the system of protection That the american population enjoy an extraordinary gift of mechanical skill we have had many proofs, and it is not surprising that this skill fostered by a policy of protection, and combine J vi is the advantage of a high standard of intelligence secured by systematic education has given native horn A serious a great start in manufacturing industry The capacity), however to produce excellent articles for sale is not sufficient to make a great commercial success We differ fi me. another writer, whose letter on this subject we published on S> Saturday), in not holding, that the excellence of the article produced is sufficient for this end the first consideration is whether the goods manufactured are wanted, and the second is whether the) are wanted at a price which will remunerate the producers for the time and capital spent in their production Under the i" stem of protection this latter result is secured to the United States manufacturer European economists hold that the price of this advantage is a great pecuniary service on the part of the nation but that under the guarantee of a system of protection capital may be profitably invested in the establishment of manufactures such as those which have sprung up in the United States has never been disputed The practical question is what will be the state of things when the public begin to estimate the cost of protection The letters for which we have referred present a graphic picture of the collapse which this system has already undergone, and if the opinion of other writers is correct that protection as a system in the United States is doomed American manufacturers must be prepared to consider the future as one not of monopoly as hitherto but of unrestricted competition This is just what the promoters of English commerce have always looked forward to The relative circumstances of this country and of other parts of the world change from time to time, but wise commercial estimates are formed on the consideration of the degree of speed with which these changes are brought about, and in the present economic condition of the world we may be content with the fact that a system of free trade must ultimately promote English commercial interests, not because England is thereby) enriched at the expense of other nations, but because she has thereby an opportunity of doing the best service she can to advance the comfort and civilization of other quarters of the world. The theory of protection in that capital invested in a particular way should be secured profits which would not be secured by the wants of the customers whose wants such investment was intended to supply. The profits obtained under such a system tempt a vast quantity of capital to embark in artificial schemes of production dependent on prohibitive duties. Capital thus employed will secure excellent machinery, and after a time excellent workmen ; but customers will not follow as a matter of course, and this is the lesson which producers in the United States are now being taught. The favour shown to native production by the Legislature altered all the unemployed capital of the country. Manufacturers who had in vested lavishly, relying on the favouring breeze which filled their sails, found themselves in ruinous competition with the owners of capital tempted into business by the profits secured by a system of protection. Everywhere there is a cry of glutted markets and over- production. An arbitrary policy like that of protection naturally produces such results. Capitalists see that the imposition of a duty of twenty per cent, secures certain profits. They may hope to secure a share of these profits, or that a duty of thirty per cent, may be imposed and cover their investment. As a matter of fact, with a rigorous system of protection we have a general collapse of United States manufactures. Free trade is now recognized as the commercial future of the United States, and we welcome such a conviction because this system must economise the resources of the energetic population now engaged in settling the vast territories of the American Continent. In estimating its consequences, however, we must not be misled by the position of this country in the days of protection among ourselves. It should not be assumed that because a vast system of manufacturing industry has been artificially produced in the United States such a manufacturing system will derive benefit, just as our manufactures of natural growth derived benefit, from the relaxation of restrictions of trade. The principal influence on English manufactures produced by free trade was the cheap supply of food ; but no system of free trade can secure American workmen food at a smaller cost than that at which they now obtain it. The national injury to them of the system of protection is that they are called away by artificial arrangements from the (cheap production of food to engage in manufacturing goods which they have to purchase at a price much higher than what they might pay for European goods if only the tariff would allow of their introduction. The abandon- ment of protection might reduce the price | of clothes, and so far it would be hostile to artificially produced manufactures, but it would not in the United States affect the price of labour generally to any degree like the effect produced by the repeal of the Corn laws in this country, for the simple reason that the United States are not purchasers but producers of food. We are told that there is already a decline in the price of labour, but it is labour applied to those manufactures of which there is already great over-production. The return to true economic doctrines in the United States will not render American manufacturers more formidable competitors. Except in so far as the general progress of the nation is retarded by a policy of protection, the question of free trade or of protection has little immediate importance for American manufacturers. If protection is persevered in it produces the usual result of special legislation ; the favoured class of capitalists are overwhelmed by competition. If protection is abandoned, we have a recognition of those natural laws of commerce which have hitherto, owing to the favourable conditions of our country, given us a pre- dominance in the markets of the world. It is quite true, as urged by "A Practical Man," that the wise course for English manufacturers is to take a lesson from the energy and inventive power displayed at Philadelphia, Both capitalist and workman may profit by observing what excellent work American manufac- turers can produce.rccollectingthat superior excellence of work is what we have always in the main relied on. But the special economic advantages which our longer experience of manufacturing industry gives us must remain the same for many years and mean- while we shall be able to proceed as we have done hitherto, making further advances in manufacturing skill. Every thing that is done to instruct the working people, or to improve machinery, or to stimulate energy is an advantage and while these ends are being pursued we may rest assured that the ultimate triumph of free trade in the United States will restore commerce to its natural channels, not add to our embarrassments. LoxDo:.- Streets. In the last twenty years (says the Times) the Metropolitan Board of Works has revised the names of 1916 streets, and abolished 6740 names of subsidiary portions of streets rendered unnecessary on re-numbering the whole street. The Board has given new numbers to 143 409 houses. A general index of the names of existing streets has been compiled, and an index of abolished names, and plans of all the revised streets, showing the old and new numbers against the block plan of each house ; these plans are bound up in atlas form for reference and the identification of properties. The superintending architect of the Board reports the practice followed in numbering houses:-"St. Paul's Cathedral is recognised as a central point, and the numbering of houses, when altered, and also in new streets, begins at the entrance or end of the street nearest to that building ; but where both entrances to a street are about equally distant from St. Paul's the numbering begins at the entrance abutting on the most important thoroughfare. Taking, then, the sides of the streets as left and right (assuming that the back is towards) St. Paul's), the odd numbers will be assigned to the lefthand side, and the even numbers to the right hand side. No name is to be used for a street without the approval of the Board and it must be a name consisting, if possible, of one word (with the addition of ' street ') not already in me in the metropolis in street nomenclature games for terraces or other blocks of houses and sections of streets, usually known as subsidiary names, will not be recognized ; nor such names as are already in use for provincial towns and postal places." The superintending architect mentions in his report in 1875 that on the suggestion of the Vestry of Chelsea the new approach from Queen's Road West to the river adjoining Chelsea Hospital is named " Tate-street," and the short street connecting the latter with Swan-walk. " Dilke-street ¡ " and under the regulations adopted by the Board Chelsea has a species of copyright in these as London street names. B.F.s. An exhibition of "Bees, their produce, hives, and bee furniture," took place at the Alexandra Palace. The idea of bee-keeping in the mind of the ordinary city dweller (says the Times) appears to be that it is a something practised by poor cottagers to help out their small incomes. But in America, Germany, and Spain there are "bee farmers," whose acres are covered with hives. The general idea of a hive is that it is a straw cap, something like a dish cover in shape, only round that the bees make their honey therein, and that the poor cottager subsequently, to appropriate the sweets, stifles the industrious insects which have swarmed there. Such was, no doubt, the actual state of the case at one time, but such an idea is very far from the truth now-a-days. The straw hive has become a "house " of wood and glass, in which the temperature is regulated by a thermometer : the bees are dealt with as valuable property, not stifled recklessly, but "manipulated" by the "apiarist," and the honey removed without the loss of a single bee, and without the least damage to the " comb," which it costs the insects so much labour to make, An exhibition of this kind practically shows all this, and one begins to understand that bees, when properly "farmed," may yield a considerable profit when one hive alone, as shown by an exhibitor, can yield 111 lbs. 12 oz. of honey and comb the value of which is nearly £8, market price. There was a great variety of houses, some as large, and like nothing so much as a dog kennels ; others like " doll's houses, with two or more stories ; some like cupboards, with folding doors and shelves and some again like dove cotes, and quite as fanciful. Inventions, too, for extracting honey from the "comb" are also numerously exhibited, some worked on cog-wheel action being called " express " extractors, &c.; The specimens of honey in " comb " and extracted are also numerous, and to these may be added hives of bees to be seen at work, bees swarming, &c.; \- The Channel Titskel. - The Commissioners appointed by the Governments of Great Britain and France to" consider the conditions upon which the two Governments should come to an understanding with respect to the proposed tunnel and submarine railway have made a report, recommending certain stipulations as the basis of a treaty. The Commissioners recommend that the boundary between England and France in the tunnel be half-way between low-water mark on the two coasts. The French section of the railway is to be constructed and worked in conformity with French laws, and the English section in accordance with conditions to be imposed by Order in Council, with any modifications made by Act of Parliament. Within five years from the 2nd of August, 1875, an agreement is to be concluded between a French company and an English company with a view to the construction, maintenance, and working of the submarine railway, which term includes the tunnel. If the concessionaires have not by that time been able to conclude such an agreement, or if, in consequence of the result of the bor- ings, they recognise the impossibility of carrying out the undertaking, the companies will have the right of abandoning the concessions and each company is, within the five years, to declare to its Government (unless the latter extend the term to eight years whether it proposes to retain the concession. An international Commission of six members (three nominated by each Government is to advise the two Governments on all questions relating to the construction, maintenance, and working of the railway and any difference arising between the two companies as regards these matters is to be settled by the two Governments after taking the opinion of the Commission. The regulations to be applicable to the railway are to he subject to the approval of the two Governments on the recommendation of the Commission. Each company is to be responsible for keeping its portion of the railway in repair, and, in case of default, the Governments respectively (on the recommendation of the Commission will have power to execute necessary works and repairs, and repay themselves out of the income. The concession granted by each Government is to be for 99 years from the opening of the railway, after which term (or earlier in case of forfeiture of the concession) each Government will become possessed of the rights of the company established in its territory, the rolling stock, &c;, to be taken at a valuation. The works of exploration are to be commenced within one year from the 1st of July, 1876, and twenty years from the day (within five or eight years from the 2nd of August, 1875, as abovementioned) on which the company still declare its intention to retain the concession will be allowed for the completion of the railway. In default of such declaration, or if either company announce its abandonment of the undertaking, or if the companies cease for a year (without a cause adjudged reasonable to carry on the works, when commenced, or for six months to work the railway in conformity with the rules, the concession will be liable to forfeiture. After thirty years from the opening of the railway each Government will have a right to purchase its section of the railway if the other Government consent. Each Government will have the right to suspend the working of the railway and the passage through the tunnel when- ever such Government shall think this necessary in the interests of its country and each Government is to have power to damage or destroy the works of the tunnel or railway in its territory when it may deem this necessary, and also to flood the tunnel with water and there will be no claim to compensation other than an extension of the concession for a term equal to the period of suspension of the railway thus caused. Works for defence, &c.;, required by either Government are to executed by each company in accordance with the laws of the country. The treaty to be concluded is not to come into force until sanctioned by the Legislature of the two countries. TAYLOR, BROTHERS,' MARAVILLA COCOA. Taylor Brothers, London, having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for purity one aroma sanative, nutritive, and sustaining power. One trial will establish it as a favourite beverage for breakfast or luncheon, and a Boothingrefreshment after a late evening. For favourable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, c c. '' TAYLOR, BROTHERS', HOMOOPATHICCOCOA.^Thisorigi nal preparation, -vhiehhasattsunedsuchaworld-widereputationas manufactured by Taylor, Brothers, under the ablest homeopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, fine aroma and nutritious property of the fresh nut. TAYLOR, BROTHERS', SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, AND COCOA AND MILK, are made in one minute without boiling it. TAYLOR, BROTHERS', Chocolate Creams, Chocolate Cream Tablets, Chocolate Drops, and Maravilla Chocolate are highly delicious and wholesome. Packed in a superior and elegant manner. B TAYLOR, BROTHERS'. MUSTARD. The " Challenge" brand (double superfine quality) is celebrated for itsoungency and purity of flavour. Steam Mills, Brick-lane, London. Export Chicory .»lUlSiBruges, Belgium. J Ímprbssions nu Voyage. Railway travelling in the? United States is sometimes enlivened by stirring incidents that must considerably relieve the monotony of the journey. One of these scenes, which occurred on the 4th ultimo at Ogallala, is reported by the Omaha Herald. At about 2 o'clock in the morning, when the train was at Ogallala, a passenger got on board and took a berth in the sleeper. He jumped on to the train in the darkness after it had left the platform, and immediately got into his berth without removing any of his clothing, except his boots. He acted as though. something would catch him, and something did catch him at the next station. gallons is the great shipping point for cattle on the fire of the Union Pacific, and is much frequented at times by cattle-dealers. The mysterious passenger, who was a professed gambler, had' managed to extract about 10,000 dollars from the pockets of the cattle-dealers. He then " sneaked off with his big stakes. The enraged cattle- stealers were,! however, by no means prepared to lose sight of their money in this way, and telegraphed the particulars to some friends in Alkali-the next station-of the same resolute stamp as themselves. When the train arrived from Ogallala the cattle-dealers' resolute friends were on the look out for the gambier. They immediately took possession of the train, and tearing through it, found the object of their search innocently pretending to sleep in his berth about the middle of the Pullman car. The "trouble" then commenced; The gambler refused to leave the car. The cattle men declared they would take him, and directed his attention to a mule standing quietly, in the moonlight, with a long rope coiled upon the saddle. The bell rang to start, when matters were precipitated by all parties drawing revolvers and beginning to shoot promiscuously. Curtains were torn down, frightened passengers tumbled out to escape the whistling bullets, and the utmost confusion reigned ¡ women screamed, and everybody was rushing out of the car by windows and doors hand soon the prairie was covered with white-robed) forms flitting like ghosts in the moonlight. The cattle men finally dragged out their victim, and the passe-! gers returned to the car, which was riddled with bullets, and whence loud screams were still issuing;' These were uttered by an old lady, who declared that she had been shot in the leg, but a medical examination disclosed the fact that she was only suffering from the effects of a pin in the stocking. The fate of the gambler could not be learnt, but it is known for certain that he rode back to Ogallala on that side' with the rope coiled upon its Haddie, Bad Times The conscience money sent to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, chiefly, it would seem, for income tax not duly paid amounted to nearly £10,000 in the financial year 1872-73, and exceeded £8000 in the following year; but in the year 1874-75 the amount fell to £26, and it has only reached £2603 in the year 1875-76. Consumption- of Spirits The Inland Revenue returns for the first half of the year 1876 (says the Times) show that in that period duty was paid on 14,173,572 gallons of home-made spirits for consump- tion as beverage in the United Kingdom. This! quantity is more by 159,670 gallons than that of the corresponding half of the preceding year. England' has taken 7,877,723 gallons ; Scotland, 3,115.723 gallons; Ireland, 3,180,366 gallons. There is a decrease in the quantity in England and Scotland, but an increase' of more than a quarter of a million gallons in Ireland at the return for the first half of 1875 showed an increase in England and some decrease in Ireland. The Custom House return of foreign and colonial spirits imported and entered for consumption here in the first half of 1876 shows the quantity as 5,576,516' proof gallons, or 80,278 gallons more than in the corresponding half of last year, will he had shown an' increase of above half a million gallons over the first half of 1874. The increase in the supply of foreign, colonial, and home- made spirits together was 700,000 gallons in the first half of last year, but only 240,000 gallons in the first half of the present year. The "Big Trees " of California. A Californian botanist has sent to the Rural Press an account of the results of a careful measurement of the famous "big trees," and a laborious count of the rings in various stumps. The "Father of the Forest has been said to have sprung from the earth soon after the Deluge, but the rings in his shattered trunk shows that his full age at base is probably 1500 years. His alleged 40 feet diameter proves to be only 18 feet, measured at 6 feet from the roots. This correspondent adds :-" One oft- repeated story is true, however, that of a passage through a part of his body large enough to admit horsemen This passage, burnt , out of his heart, commenced at a point 66 feet from the roots, and extends 120 feet, coming out where was once a knot-hole, now enlarged by relic-seekers to a wide doorway. I saw several ladies'' ride horses of a medium size through this wooden tunnel, and one day while passing, riding one of my horses and leading the other packed with bulky specimens, I turned into the cavity and rode safely through. The ceiling overhead is a feet to 6 feet thick, so the grand promenade for visitors, above is perfectly safe." He mentions another monster tree, . whose stump he measured with his tape-line, '* held at the other end by a Puritan master builder from a Boston." and the longest diameter, including bark, at 5 feet from the base, was found to exceed 27 feet. He says also c-The South Park Grove contains about SOO trees, some of them of the largest das.;. One, the home of Trapper Smith,' is a vast swollen trunk at base, 90 feet, in' circuit and 30 feet in diameter The Livery Stable,' which has received 22 horses at a time into its holy- lowed base, of 34 feet in circuit. A fallen tree is 15 feet in diameter, 20 feet from the roots. A cavity is burnt in it sufficient to comfortably shelter 25 or 30 horses, or to afford the passage of a Concord coach and its four-horse team for over 200 feet. These dimensions do not materially differ from some published statements, but counts and estimates of the rings reveal only 1200 to 1500 in number. Other groves visited afforded corroborative evidence that, though the dimensions, being easily determined, are often given accurately, the age has been generally grossly exaggerated." I, Hans Christian.Oersted.-The Copenhagen correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette, writing on the 26th September, says Among the great names, such as Tycho Brahe, Thorwaldsen, Andersen, which will prevent Denmark from ever being forgotten, whatever may be the political fate of the country, the name of Hans Christian Oersted will surely not rank among the least. Bom in 1777, he lived nearly fifty years unknown, until on the ever memorable 21st of July, 1828, he awoke one day and found himself famous famous all over the world as the first discoverer of the electro-magnetic power. Although Oersted has been dead more than twenty years, it was only to-day that his countrymen, in the presence of the Kings of Denmark and Greece, and the most distinguished men in Denmark, honoured his memory by the unveiling of a statue erected by national subscriptions in his honour. This statue, the work of the celebrated Danish artist,: M. Jericho, is placed on one of the boulevards surrounding the town, and represents the great discoverer leaning against a pillar, holding in his hand a telegraph wire, against which he points a magnetic needle. The ceremony, unfortunately not favoured by the weather, as the rain continued pouring, was nevertheless very impressive, and it concluded with cheers for the two Kings and their Royal houses. French Wine Prospects. The Journal de Losses' Garonne has the following remarks relative to the vine prospects in that department, which equally apply to the Rate Garonne swears in the month which is decisive for the vintage. September makes the yield good or bad. As to quantity, our opinion has not changed in this and the neighbouring districts we shall have only a half crop. The fact is evident that the temperature has not been sufficiently favourable to repair the evil caused by the frosts of April; but, in compensation, can we hope for quality ? That is what cannot as yet be possibly affirmed. The great heats of July and August did much good to our vines, greatly behind- hand owing to the frosts and the cold rains of spring ; but, under that too ardent sky, not mitigated by a few days of rain, the grape did not swell. During the last fortnight, on the contrary, rain has fallen nearly every day ; owing to that humidity the fruit has filled out, but the ripening goes on very slowly, for the nights are becoming long and they are often fresh. To obtain quality we want fine weather ; the' moment is decisive ; but not before a fortnight can any serious judgment is formed as to the probable character of the wine of 1876 in these regions." Galignani says that the phylloxera is making! fearful ravages in the department of the Rhone. The latest account furnished to a recent sitting of the Society of Viticulture of Lyons shows that the vine- yards of Cote Robe, Conderieu, and others in the in . terior have suffered severely; the Hermitage is entirely lost ; the vines of the Vienne at Saint Jean de Bournay are seriously attacked, and the visitation; has made its appearance at Mornant, Tangye's,' Originals, and Vourles ; while the vineyards of Saint-' Romain enGel and Pontcharra have been much in' jured. 