A LITERARY TREASURE. A work of some rarity and of considerable antiquity was picked up for a couple of shillings inia Melbourne auotion-room the other day (says the Argus). It had formerly belonged to one of the abbots of the monastry of Oamaldoli, in Tuscany, whose autograph it oears ; and had afterwards passed into the possession of Heber, as"' his library stamp, "Bibliotheca Heberina," ia iriipressod on a blank leaf at the beginning. The title-page is warning, but the date of pub lication is given at the end of the work, where it Sets forth that it was printed in Pisa, by Ser Lorenzo and Ser Agnolo, Florentines, on the 2nd of June in the year 1448— that is to say, only 34'years after the first sheets are believed tri have' been printed from moveable types, and 29 years after ..the date whioh Hallam assigns to the Mazariu, Bible. The author of the book, which is a Treatise on the Christian Religion, written in opposition to the views of A.verroes. was that the'Marailius Ficinus who was seleoted byiPSimp de/Medipi to be eduoated in the mysteries of Platpnism, in order that he might be dhiei and'pre'ceptor.of thei Platonic Aoademy, which' .(hat' distinguished patron of art and letteps founded in Florence about the middle of the -15th -oentury. The book is not paged ; the type is remarkably bold arid oloar, and the paper stout andgood. All the articles arid prepositions are conneoted with the words whioh follow them, and while the names of Ohrist, the prophets, and of Hebrew. and pagan writers invariably commence with a capital letter, that of God never does. The letter n ia substituted, as in many ;old English books, for v, while the letter ri'is frequently indicated by a sign over the pre ceding vowel, arid iri puuetuation, a strong diagonal line is used instead of a comma. An other peculiarity of tho typography is that the initial.lett3r of every chapter is in "lowercase," aridLis set in the middle of an indented space, as if' to /leave room for the exercise of an il- luminator's art. The language differs very little from the Italian of the present day, prov ing the purity of . charaoter which Dante had giveri.ii iri the previous century ; and the spell- ingot some words is just a little closer to that of their Latin ancestors, as huorao for uomo, indocto for indotto, avaritia for avarizia, and so forth, than.it now is, but that is all. The' Italian of 'the fifteenth oentury more nearly re sembles that of the nineteenth than does the English of1 Hardyng the chronicler resemble: that of Macaulay the historiau. . A.vLively Incident in American Railway- ' Travellings — Railway travelling in the United States is sometimes enlivened by stirring inci dents that must considerably relieve the mono-: tony, of the / journey. One of these scenes, which oocurred.on the 4th August, at Ogallala, ia reported by the Omaha Herald. At about two o'clock in the morning, when the train was. at Ogallala, a" passenger got on board and took a florth in the sleeper, He jumped on to the train'ib the darkness after it had left the plat form,' and "immediately got into his berth with out removing any of his clothing, exoept his boots. He acted as though something would Catch him; and something did oatch him at the next station. Ogallala is the great shipping pojnt for cattle on the line of the Union Pacific, and is much frequented at times by cattle- dealers,' The mysterious passenger, who was a professed gambler, had managed to extract about lOjOOOdol. from the pockets of the oattle- doalers. He then'" suaaked off" with his big stake,-; The enraged cattle-dealers were, how- 'ever) by no means prepared to lose sight of ftbeir. money in .thiB way, and telegraphed the particulars to some friends in Alkali — the next station — of the same resolute stamp as them selves. When the train" arrived from Ogallala the cattle-dealers' resolute friends were on the 'look-but. for the gambler. They immediately took possession of the train, and tearing through it found the object of their searob innocently, pretending to sleep-in his berth about the middle of the Pullman car. The " trouble " then com-' menced. The gambler refused to leave the oar. Tl?e' cattle- men declared they would take him,1 and directed his attention to a mule standing quietly 'lif the 'moonlight, with a long rope coiled up on tho saddle. The bell rang to start, when matters were precipitated by all parties -flravritig revolvers and beginning to shoot pro miscuously. Curtains were torn down, fright- 'ened'passengers tumbled out to escape the whistling' bullets, and the utmost confusion rojgp'ed' ; women screamed, and everybody was "doors ; arid soon the prairie was covered with white-robed forma flitting like ghosts in the \- rripprilight. The cattle men finally dragged out 'their. victim, and the passengers returned to the' .car, .'which, was riddled with bullets, and whence , loud screams were still issuing. These were ub- tcred iby an old lady, who declared that she had been shot in tho leg, but a medical examination disclosed the -fact that she woa only suffering ifrdriv the effects of a pin in the stooking. The fate-of the gambler could not be learnt, but it is ' koriwri fbt 'ceri'airi'that he rode back to Ogallala bri- that mule with the rope coiled up on it saddle. . , , / ; . ; There are soma; science, a little mystery, and a /go'dtl deal bfunoartahty aoout tha game of croquet.; -The Other day, when a clergyman made an even- ("irig oall off one' of his congregation, and was invited ' to play a game,: ho said' that he was only too glad; remarking thst such sooial games served sometimes to' place pastor and parishioner on a more friendly footing. B.fore the first' game was over a young ilkdy'-hit him in the back with her -mallet ; he fell /pv n hoop, and two of the players, deoided never 'to darken his church again on account of his cheat- irigl ' - '"',f.',Oh; njy dear sir," said a poor sufferer to a dentist, " ibis is the second wrong tooth you have ' puil'ed ntot.'' "Yery Horry, my dear Sir," said the j bluh'djririgpperiilbr; ','®ot », t,I4r<, ,,rrire only three I altbfdtfiorwheu'Lbegiri, I'meureto be right the pext time." , ; ) 1 