CRICKET. East Melbourne v Corio.—"Behold how brightly breaks the morning," was the tune which the cricketers hummed softly to themselves on Saturday morning, in antici pation of a glorious day and a crowd of spectators to witness the opening match of the season which was arranged between the local club and the East Melbourne O.C., which is at present the premier club of the colonj'; but, alas ! their hopes were rudely dashed to the ground, as the game had to be played under the most trying circumstances, the rain frequently stopping it, and scarcely any spectators being present to applaud the competitors. Boyle, the captain of the East Melbourne C.C., having won the toss, de cided to take advantage of the really good wicket which had been prepared by the | curator, Mr Butt, and as usual sent in the two G.'s, Goldsmith and Gaggin, to open the ball, M'Kinnon and Gardiner being the opposing bowlers. Both batsmen seemed to be perfectly at home with the trundling, 10, 20, and 30, going up in rapid succession, and Thomas wisely decided to try a change, which proved a very judicious one, as Armytage with the fourth ball bowled Gaggin clean, the ball according to the batsmen's statement, breaking about six inches. One wicket down for 36. Hastings filled the breach, and in conjunction with " Goldie" made things very uncomfortable for the Gcelongese, the board shoving 70 without a separation being effected. Shortly afterwards Goldsmith offered a catch to Clayton, who declined the favor, either owing to the sb'ppery condition of the ball, or to the fact of his hands not being sufficiently hardened as yet. The rain now came down heavily, and necessitated a stojj page. To enliven the somewhat falling spirits of the opposing teams, it was thought best to try what effect the good things pro vided by Mr Toole, together with some of the glorious vintage kindly sent by one of the vice-presidents, would have. . The effect was really astonishing, for in spite of the drizzling rain batsmen and fielders resumed their places. It was not long before the semaphore showed the century, amidst great applause, and notwithstanding the frequent changes made in the bowling, runs came fast until at last Goldsmith was disposed of by a fine catch made by JRushbrook at the wickets.' 2—70—140, and "Yon'll never get them ont," was the doleful cry. Luck suddenly changed, however, and Hastings, Boyle, and Cavenagh were got rid of in a very short time, the first-named having made 44 by really magnificent play, not giving a ghost of a chance. Five for 156. The remainder of the team, including the pride of Jolimont, had to retire for the comparatively small figure of 33, the innings closing for the re spectable total of ISO. After a short in terval the visitors took the field, Cuthbert son and Vieusseux being the first to wield the willow for the Pivot. The proceedings were opened by Boyle and Horan. The former's over was safely negotiated, but Horau's first ball proved destructive to Cuthbertson, he being caught by Passfield at ! the wickets. One wicket for one run. Berg hoff next appeared on the scene, but quickly retired with only aunit to kisname. 2—1—5. Thomas andVieussenxhad also to go their way pavilion-ward without having greatly aug-' mented the score, and the only hope now was that the local men might keep up their | wickets until drawing time. This they suc ceeded in doing, chiefly owing to the stubborn defence offered by France, aided by the good form displayed by Gardiner and M'Laughlin. "When time was called there were nine wickets down for 35 runs, and al though counted a drawn game, it was an unmistakeable victory for the jolimonters. The small score made by the Corio may partly be excused on acconnt of the wicket, which was of course very much cut by the rain. A high compliment was paid by the visitors to Armytage for his leally first-class bowling. M'Kinnon also bowled well, but was unfortunate, as Goldsmith's proverbial luck baffled him twice. Subjoined are the scores :— EAST MELBOURNE. Goldsmith, c Bushbrook, b Thomas ... 70 I Gaggin, b Armytage ... 20 Hastings, c and b Thomas ... 44 | Passfield, b Armytage H. Boyle, b Armytage 4 | Cavenagh, run out ... 1 T. Horan, b Annytagc ... 7 "Williams, 1 b w, b Armytage ... 0 Searcey, run out ... 1 Sillett, c Gardiner, b Thomas ... 7 | Booth, not out ... -2 Byes, 7 ; leg-byes, 2 ; wides, 1; no balls, 1 ... 1S9 | corio c.c. Cnthbertson, c Passfield, b Horan ... 1 I Vieusseux, b Boyle ... 3 | Berghoff, b Horan ... 1 Thomas, c Sillett, b Boyle ... 1 Gardiner, b Boyle • ... S Armytage, b Boyle ... 4 M'Laughlin, not out ... '5 France, b Boyle ... S. Clayton, b Boyle ... 0 M'Kinnon, run out ... 1 Byes, 2; leg-byes, 1 ... 3 Total .... ■ 35 BOWLING ANALYSIS. For East Melbourne — M'Kinnon, 120 balls, 59 runs, 3 maidens; Gardiner, 42 balls, 31 runsArmytage, 81 balls, 44 runs, 5 wickets ; Thomas, 90 balls, 38 runs, 5 maidens, 3 wickets, 1 wide, 1 no ball; France, 12 balls, -6 Tuns ; Yieusseux, 12 balls, 2 maidens. For Corio—Boyle 7S balls, 20 runs, 1 maiden, 6 wickets; Horan, 6S balls, 6 runs, 6 maidens, 2 wickets; Searcy, 12 balls, 6 | runs. . . 