From the S, Jl/. Herald.) BbisbInb, Juno 14. Elizabeth Longsfiold 1b .ohargofyfith tlio, mflirdet)?of ' hof>'; husband ,<by idis'omng, ' id>4» Th'oniasi E. Bohndy; . with'' bofng Abcoflsory f botli have beeU Committed for trial, f.bnd ball. rbfusodi . 'A. . ;:i! >"s; !' VAt 'Maytowh; n woman, , Mrs. Qufloy, co habiting with ni man nqmod Lovor or Lovctt, a digger, was found murdorod iu tho bush at M(Leod Rusli, on tho Hodgkinson- River ; both- hor nrms woro olioppod off,,. It is stated that Lovor aud the woman had; bean 1 driqhing lioavily. There wero no polico within 100, .-miles r. of. thei-spot,- and a. BpeoiaL bonstable arrested Lover on suspicion of tlio.murdor. Tho populationtbn tlio Hodgkinsou River now nmounts to 1200 ; beof sold thoro at 8s. ;Gd. por lb. " ' :. . Nuwoastle, Juno 14. Two snilors, named King aud Donnelly, lmd a .narrow osoapo from ;boiug dasliod to pieces last night. Thoy attomptod to soalo tho oliifs opposito the Inibcoilo Asylum, instead of walk- . ing , found the beach.. After olimbing poino. di8ta'uc6, the' rock gave way under Dounolly, who foil, kuookiug King down in his fall. King ro'ooverod; his footing, '< but. -Donnelly, remained in . great .danger whilo King weut iuto'-'towii' fbr a rbpb. "Donubily darod 'not movo lest tho earth Bhould : give way aud ho should fall nbout twenty foot on tho shprp rocks bolow him. -He wob oventaolly' rosouod by scrgoans - Do'nahuo' and the water polieb Tho escape of the two men is 'looked 'upon as marvellous, .Largo, erowds assembled .on the Spot. ' '' 1 1 ' 1 ' ' , , ' , Melbouene; Juno '14. , '.' Tho Banks' ehallougo rowing oup, botwon tho. Commore jal and Now South Wales orows, was won by .j;ho forraor by half q length, , after a splondid rhbe. Tho population of tho colony at the ond of Marbh lust' was 825,557 persons.'' 1 " Bosolutious woro passed at a publio mooting, hold last night, in favour/of tho northwoat oanal' scheme. . '! > Tlio Sumatra (s.) tokos gold aud spooio to tho voluo of £218,000 ; sho. has only a small passongor list'. ! . . ., . . Adelaide, .June 14. The stouo outters ot work on tho now Bank of South Australia hayo struck work. , 1 Tho PreBS is cryiDg ' oiit that if tho publio works aro not pushed forward, the immigrants brought horo will soon bo in want. Tho Corporation intend .asking Parliament to pass a Tramway Clauses Act, to form tho basis for all tramway bills. " ' Eroui Port Darwin news hns boon reeoivod . that'Mr. Wiltshire has discovered good country on tho Victoria and Daly Rivors' grassy plains, and land fit for all tropical production, Railway, Cabmaoe.— Tho refusal of team sters to make uso of tho lino botwoon Rook- lmmpton and tho presout tormin'us. is "fraught with soiious oonBoquonoes to tho gqnoral publio. No valid br sensible reason has, or indbod could be offered, for this oouduot, Booing that under any oiroumstanoes tho railway "affords tho ohqiipo8t as well as tho inost oxpeditious mode of- transport for leading to and from tho in terior. "Wo mainatiu chat oarriors aro not masters of tho situation, but thoir omployors are,' and wo submit that mhrohants and othors liold, the remedy in thoir hands by refusing to givq up-country loading . unless taken from Duaringa, whilo squatters should follow suit by making it imporativo on oarriors to deliver thoir wool at tho same plaoc. Tlio "public "'aro soriquB losers, as well as tho jtoamsters thomeolvoSj.hy tho courso at present pursued, for it must bo patent to any ono who givos tho matter a moment's oonsideration.tliat tho .rail way is for cheaper thaii tho road, both to tho oarrior and tho consignor. : Supposing a man could tako bis loading by tho road to Duaringa for less than it would cost' him by rail, wliioh Wo yory much doubt, is timo.no object ? Ab it is pooplo liavo now to, lio out of thoir goods for vyoeks. instoud- of days, simply because tlio oarriors don't obooao to pay tho railway charges, whioh aro fair and reasonable enough. Tho injury infliotod'iipon trado both "in Rookbamp- ton and tho country by tho courso now pursued is manifest ; tho length of timo teamsters now take in delivering their loading interferes with both -tlio -storekeepers' apd merohunts' profits. The former enn't get his supplies quiok enough to disppsobf tliom, consequently the consump tion is considerably' reduced and is unavoidably less than it otliorwiso would bo, and this tolls equally against tho merchant, who loses tho sale of oxtra supplies. At tho prosout moment tliero is loading which ought to havo been do. liverod at tho Maokonzio weeks ago, which is now on the road botweon this town and Duar inga, the delay being solely due to tbo oarrior proforring to drag his slow longth along tho old road to availing himself of tho railroad, in odnsequpneo of whioh his consignee will bo put to serious losses from being unablo to supply his customers' orders. Any ohock to trado is more or less disastrous to tho wliolo country, and wo trust tho matter will receive thosorious attention of our business men — whoso interest is ttiat of their customers, and not that of tho carriers. Bosides, these men stand in their own light, for they, soem to lose sight of tlio f net- that if thoy were to tako thoir up-oountry load ing from tho' terminus, thoy would bo onablod to' mako nearly two trips for every ono thoy make no'iv; : ....... < DiiunreWness.--1 Two inebriates wore brought up at the Folios Court yesterday morning, ono of.whiom wns fined os., or 24 hours in tho look up, 'and the' othor was cautioned and discharged' \- Permanent Buildiko Society. — Tho Annual Meeting of tho Rookhampton Pormanont ! Mutual Bonoflt Building and Investment : Sooioty, will bo hold at the Counoil Clmmbors, this (Thursday) ovoning, at 8 o'olook. Tho 'business will bo to reooive the Report of tho ; Dirootors for tho past year, eloct Dirootors and Auditors for tho onsuing your, and for tho ; transaction of other businoss. ; Elyinq Fish.— A eurious .. inoidont opcurrod on board the R.M.S. Singapore, whilo on hor 1 way from Brishano to Koppcl Bay. Two un- i usually largo speoim'ena of tho finny tribe— tho cxbcetiis of haturalists--loft thoir native element j and landed on the deck of tho ateainor, uuox- ! peoted but'weloomb ghosts. The inoidont sur- j prised, qyoryono, owing to tho, groat -height of 'the vessol above the water,, and ;tho wings or ; pectoral fins of the fish woro preserved., ; | A Fioube too Many.— Our iudofotignblo i".P.D." .has , boon at.it again." Aooording to | the roport of tho Board of(Eduoation, tho aooounts for, .1876 -show a . rotronohment, as 'eomparod with tho previous year, of £9,000. In yesterday's loador that aroh-enoniy added- a (figure, making tho sum £91,000. Tlio' imp is evidently in league, with an cqonomionl govern ment, and wo shall mako it hot for him. The Marsdwals Again.— In' our issuo of .Saturday last wo roforrcd to tho alarming in crease of kangaroos and wallubios sirioo th'd Nativo Dog Dostructipn Associaiion , had rbalised suoli success in tho oxtcrminarion of tho dingo. As an illustration of, tho foot, wo. are furthor informed .tlint-bn opo. station alono (Retro) 110 less than t wouty thousand kangaroos havo been indisoriiuintoly slaughtered, and that the'oountry all around is in likb'mannor infested with untold numbors of similar battle. Tho dostruotiou of tho dingo may. to, a great oxtont account for this alarming incroaso, but '.it ocours to us that the drought farther west jtuuy havo driven the animals wltoro they are mow concentrated for pasture. ' Postal Notices.— Mnils por Jnmos Pat orson for Brishano ,,lfobt, '<ind por Boomerang for Sydno, thqtt8traliaft'cqlonios, and Fiji, oloso 'ab|otloyfs or rogt!biibd7lcttors, this ovoning at|4ix,and$,'fpr ordiBnify letters to-morrow mb£hing at Boyon o'qjopk. OnsiatoNTi'MAiL Coaoh.— Wo loarnt in town yestorday that thoimafl . ooaoh, whioh had as pnssangors Mr. Justioo Pring and Mr. Garriok. Orolyn'PresboutorwdS'oap&izfcd;'onthorOsd'he-"- twoon Duaringaan'd ,Spring;tqii> Bivig-all.tjm jiassongors a spill,' hutfortunatcly'' 'doing hi , damage, either toy.t|jq.:travollcia.or ,t)iowyohiql9. , boyond tho temporary fright and dotontion. i Notwithstanding that' tho reads woro hoavy, it was oonfidontly oxpootod that tho coaoh would roaoh Clermont by Thursday night ; not in timo thoroforo to open tho Distriot Court to dato, hut with only a vory trifling delay. A Prayer fob the Leoislaturu. — A'Sydnoy oxohango furnishas ' us with an amusing ancodoto undor this bonding, ono that might bo oven considered, without, quy groat strotoln of imagination as applicahlo to our Colonial Legis lature jikowiso.) Tho author of. thq prayor iu quostipu,'is sui.tio hayo,' boon a.-Prostytoriah Minister, ovidontly of infinite humour,.: who residos at.iEast hfaitlaud. After, tho >; usual prayor for tho Quofo, hud all othor digtiitarios,. tho Rotd gontlbmoa, appohlod on bohalf of tho LogiHlntivo AbsomMyofNow South Wales, in, tho following words. "May thoy no longor oontinuo tb bo h djsgraoo to'tho oolony ; but, O Lord, reform thom, for evon that is not too hard forThoo." The windap,' Mobdek,— Wo , nro informod that yesterday morning Seuior-coustablo Carey, accompanied by OonBtablo ' O'Reilly, in -pur suit. of the murderer of Paddy Morris; oama upon tlioiblhokS'.ittoamp,. and captured tho giu, but the blacks showing fight, , Sandy, who was among thom, managed to OBoapo during tlio confusion, and- they hud not sinoo discovered his whereabouts. Tho loss of 'tho'. supposod murdorcr is attributed to tho want pf.trobpor's assistanoe. The sauiq two constables will, go out again' in pursuit of.qndy, accqmpautcd with tho required troopers, when thoy confir dontly expeot to sooure their' man. l'hb gin wns brought down to Bo'olburrn last ovoning, nnd in all probability sho-will coino to town by tlio early train this morning. The double-barrelled gun belonging to tho doooasod lias boon' found liiddon iu u paddook near Gainsford. PniMAnY School.— Our attention hns bcou directed to tho bad: state of tho yard, play ground, und approaohos to the Primary School >at tho corner of William, apd Donison stroots, ' and not without reason, Tho wot weathor of tlio past mouth has had tho effoot of turning -idlthb surroundings into a comploto, puddle, aud many parents are, unwilling to -allow thoir : ohildron to go to school, bccauso, although thoy j may by- keeping, tlio, , centre of -tho road .raaoli (tho sohool dry shod, they get thoir foot wet ( whon thore. " It appears to iis that this is a 1 matter requiring prompt' attention, and if it .was tokon'in hand by tho propor authorities and a few loads of gravol applied With a little surf aoo drainngo tho evil now complained of ' would bo no more. Whoro ohildron are con tinually runniug about, and in. and out it is incumbent to lmvo it as olean and dry as possible, or their delicate constitutions may quickly suffer especially when weathor liko that of tho last'fow wooks is prevalent. Brown's OnoSsiNb.— Tho foot that both tho Yaralla, and tho Jnmos Patcrson' lately lost several tides through grounding on tho sand banks nt Brown's Crossing, shows that: tho Govornmont hnvo oommitted an'orror in ' Bond ing away tho drqdgo so barly. ' Tho dotontion of tho Yaralla, commanded by Captain Harrv Hirst, hns boon already .'reported. Tl\o Jainos Patorson, whioh reached tho mouth of tho rivor on Saturday ovoning last, groundod that saino ovoning 'about soven, J and lay th'oro ' liko a log for twonty«four hours.' ' Sho got off oh Sunday ovoning about eight, and mado hor way to tho Upper Flats, whoro she had to anohor for tho uight. Yostorday morning sho crossed tho Flats about Half -past ten', i Brown 's Crossing appears to bo gottin'g as bad as tho Uppor Flats used to bo ; -and wo would point out tlio advisability of dredging tjiut part of tho rivor boforo tho dopnrturo of tho dredge for Maryborough. Thb -dredging oporatioos nt Gladstono will bo finishod iu throe or four wooks, and probably tho obstructing sandbanks at Brown's Crossing could be out through in. a shorter period. Certainly tho Fitzroy should bo finished boforo tho dredge is romovod to a greater distunco. If not, perhaps thoy will sdnd us the' Gropor. Wo bog to reeommehd tho matter to tho Chnraor of Commorda. Laroeny. — Chnrlos S. Day was brought boforo tho Polioo Magistrate yostorday morn ing, cbargod with tho larcony of £8, from ono Nicholas 'Buokley, on Saturday last. Scuior- sergcant Brannelly deposod to tho arrest of tho prisonor, in sonscquonco. of somo information rocoivbd, and 'in doing so asked him whoro he had got.tho £o-note, whioh lie had paid in .to Mr. Wilkinson hero, and ho said ",I got it from Mr. Boll, of Pearl Crcok, ho paid mo. £40 in notes, 6 of whioh woro £6-notos, and, tho rest in ones; I pledgod ray rug and othor qrtiolos a few days Jqgo, and had this £5-noto 011 mo at the timo ; I loft Maurioo Harris's bccauso I was disappointed in not gottingsome mon'oy, .that L expeotod from Now South Wales;" witnoss told prisoner that a man named Buokloy stopping at Harris's with him iu tho same room hud lost £8, and suspcoted him of taking it; and on that cliurge ho arrested him ; witness in doing bo soarohed tho prisonor, aud found a purso contniniug a £l-noto, and u half-sovoroign, also (a pookot-book ooutuiuiug somo lottors, nnd a pawnbroker's raooipt ; witness thon prayed for a romand,until Tliurs. day next, for tho production' of uobossary evidenco. .. Tlio romand wns grantod by tho Bench accordingly. 1 , The Brisdane - Mails.— Tho mail by Jtho James Patorson reached tho Post-offico on Sun day ovoning, having been forwardod frqm tho Uppor Flats. in. a small boat. , If tlio vessel hod not - grounded. ,qt, Brpwn's ..Crossing, tho vessel would have boon- .here on '-.Saturday evening. Meanwhile, wb 'are still waiting for tho mail by the Queensland, which loft Bris bane on Tuesday, while tho Jnmoa Patorson did, not start .till Wednesday. Thorp is bad management hero. Tho Jaraos Patersou had only to oall at ( ono iintermodiato . port, while the .Quconsland. had to .call at' throo; nnd it must havo: boon known in Brisbano — sinoo it was vory woll known horo— that tlio James Patqrqon Wquld roqoh hor .destination long boforo tho othor. Sho is ono day, iu advnnoo now, and would lyivo heen two days if no nocidont had ooouiTed. Novortlioloss, - the bulk of tho Brisbano mail was put on board tho Qncqusland, and was uof;' to liqnd (nst night. This want 'of thought- iu .'lio dopart- mcub.is to, bo rogrettqd, ..Tho matter is' ono. of dotail,. and soarooly oan. bo attributed,' to tlio prosont Ministerial crisis.' So wo do not blqrao Mi'. : Tho'rii, who -has hlthorto . manngod; his dopartmout vory well, and has sh'owu a'dbsiro to keep paco with the .timos; but, surely, his Cudor-Seerptary is paid for thinking. If uot, tlioli ho 'cannot bo1 blaraod for having stopped boyond tho prescribed' reutiub on this oooasiou. But in that oaso wo should havo to suggest to tho Minister tho'rdosirabillty of providing) thinking-mapino, primal. (or moqhanieal, prosot'lhcjqlipliadpbs ato' inoompwlo; ; V £'y! Tire WariiER.-Tho unprcoodtotod. raiq'.qf tho Hat Sbjtv wpb|m has oauqp. nob sriitilj amount'of 'SoprossiOn botli- of triffio and spirit's amongst the publio generally, and the weather of tbo last fow days has caused it to bo gloomy rwatn'»wbiii>«ifiaBiRata>i solation is thqt wo aro not alone in this visita tion', for tb thb south as for as Maryborough nt . loaat, to, tho north as far as Iformanton, to tho wost as for ub Oopporfiold, and to tho oast as far as tlio land lies, rain has boon foiling moro or|toss heavily for sovoraldaya. Wo note that Bris bano is an' oxooption,' if our motoorologiool observations aro . reliable, for on Sunday and Monday mornings at 0 o'olook, 110 mention is mado of any ' rainfall thoro, tho weathor boing 1 moroly cold and dull. At Oardwoll; howbvor, ; on Sunday morning, tho rainfall registered in ' tho previous twonty-four. hours was ovor- throe ; inohos, and at Ravouswood noariy threo, while; at Gladstone it was estimated at loss than an . inoli and a half. No doubt is will appoar- fltrangd to many,, as it oortainly doos to us,: that tho 'amount of ' fainfoll rogistored! for Rookhampton ' for thb twonty-four hours' -"-"-ft m.iuubj luuiiuug ui# u o oiooh, snoura bo vory littlo ovor haif-an-hour, and for tho! twenty-four hours ending at q yestorday, loss ; thon an inoh. Tho rain although light has boon inoossant, and for forty-oight hours, , ending tit 9 yesterday fmorning, . should havo mado more than an inoh and a half ; that, how ovor, is all that is rogistored, but the complaint Wo now .mnko is only an coho of ono mado long: ago with roforonoo to tho same tiling in Rook hampton. Yostorday imorning at 9 o'olook, rain was not so gonoral throughout tho oolony as! on tho prdvioiis morning, but what it has boon sinoo, wo havo no intelligence, oxoopt wo infor ; from tho oxperionoo of that timo with ourselves what it has been clsowhoro. As yot the indications of any ohango are at. tho host vory tpmOto. Tlio roads whioh aro everywhere bad or impassablo ore now. likoly to continue so for a considerable timo, and tho suspension of trado and traffic oonscquont thoroon is a poworful argument in favour of offioiont road-making to mako tho country. Sureties of the Peace Bridget -Cully sued Sarah Ann Kinoaid boforo tho Polioo Magistrate yostorday morning oharged with using certain words oalonlatod to oquso a hroaoh of tho poaoo; and asking' tlio protection of tlio Court. against a repotition of 'said offonoo. Mr. Melbourne 1 appoarod for the oomplaipant, and Mr. Maokay(frow Mossrs. Jones and Brown) for tho defondunt. Ploa hot guilty. Bridgot Cully, a marriod woman living nt Lyon Crook, doposod that sho sqw the defendant on Juno 7th follow ing witness from h'or' own h'ouso to tho road tending from Lyon Crook to tho swamps ; it was then ' .about' 8' o'olook nt night, nnd a man was standing with witnoss at tho timo; tho child said to hor " You nro a'drunkon bitoh," and witnoss thon told hor to go, homo... By Mr. Mnoknyj Sho was standing on- tho road opposite Charley Kohler'a : houso ut tho timo tho girl spoko.to her, Charloy Kohlor being . thoro himself and anothor girl; witnoss wasquit0 sohdr at tho timo of tlio ocm-renco, and not nt all oxoitbd; a nun irnmod Taylor oallod lior " a drunken liitoh " boforo this. Cbarlos ICohler doposod that he saw Mrs. Cully botweon 7 and 8 o'olook on the ovening foresaid, but uotliiDgwoa oliuitedjfrom him of any impor tant!. By Mr. Maokay: Tho littlo girl passod his houso at tlio timo 'statod, and oomplainant, said to her " What, is wrong . with you," and tho girl replied " Shut up, you are drunk-," and Mrs. Cully replied that sho was not, whon tho girl ropoatod. it, and Mrs. Cully then told tho defoudant . to go homo ; the child then' nskbd Mrs. Cully tho timo, and 'naked hor whore the watoh was thut Mr. Murphy had givon hor ; Mrs. Cully thon foil on hor knoos and oallcd on the Virgin Mary nnd tnrning to witnoss said sho. would summon him to givo evidence against tlio girl ; he novor heard tho girl call Mrs. Cully a drunken bitoh, and had slio done so he should havo liaard it ; witness's house ' was tliirty-throo yards from tho road, -and; tho road wns only for foot passengers. By tho Bonch : Witness liouso was 011 a Govornmont rosorvo' for the uso of the publio. Two othor witnossos were oxnmiuod for tho prosecution. For tho dofoncb : Nicolona i'otorsen deposed . that sho was at Chnrlos Holder's houso on the ovoning of tho 10th, nnd saw Mrs, Cully thero and the defondunt, tho latter in reply to Mrs. Cully, said " you are druuk my woman," but did no' uso any bad language to tho'defendant. Counsol on both sides addressed the Court, and His Worship' considering the obnflioting nature of tho evidoneo dismissed tho oaso with costs. The Separation Question Tho inhabitants of Bowon, entirely disgusted with tho injustice with whioh thoy havo been trontod down south, havo again raised a ory for separation, in pursuance of which a public meeting was hold at tho Counoil Ohainbors, on tho ovoning of tho 7th inst., with a viow to discussing tho host moans of arriving at thoir objoot. Tho Mayor oooupicd tho ohair. A Mr; Gregory, who appoora to havo been the primo mover in tho matter, movod tho first resolution as follows : — " That this meeting is of opinion, that it is dosirable tlmt a Separation League bo formed in that portion of Quconsland,. north of Capo 1'nlmerstoiiy" Tho spoaker procoodod to refer bitterly to the couduot of Mr. M'Doyitt, thoir former member, whom lie blurnod principally for their not having obtained separation boforo, and for failing to advocate tlio same iu acaord- nuoe with promise. Ho know that somo of the Southern mombors" woro in favour of tho movo- meut, among whom I10 particularly instanced Mr. Douglas. Ho considered that if tho'ques-; tion of separation was brought on during tho ; prosout Session,. momhprs should bo pledged to advooato it. Mr. E.- Nutt, who deseribed him self as ouly a young - resident in Bo wen, was also iu favour of tho proposed ohjeot, and seconded tho resolution, Mr. H. Hampe, oxpresscd himself to bo a groat opponont to loaguos of auy desoription. Had it not boon ' for having -beeu oouueoted with! a loaguo formorly, -hp. would not hayo beeu oompollqd to lenvo his own country. Mr. Field was also opposed to tlio formation. of a league, in a small town liko (Bowon. It was ono; of tho ospeoiol objects of tho ,3). D. A. to. uso. their utmost- eudoavours to seouro separation, and ho' heiioved that . tho mombors,, had consistently udvooatod that objoot siuce the formation of tho Association. As an amendmont ho . moved " That us tho objeots of tho meeting woro fully oarriod out. liy tho B. D. A., alljtliat was needed was to strengthen thut Sooioty-iu carrying out its main objoot.", Air. Kolqoy quite ooiuoidod with tho remarks of tho last speakor, I10 thought tho promotion of. a second ussooiution, having tho samo objoot at lioart would only rondor mattors worso confounded- If 0 holiovod howovor,' that they would do well to oorrospoqd with loading rosidoiits of tho northern toivhs, in order to oseortain thoir viows on.tlio silbjqot. Dr. Browno regretted tho foot that tho Maokay peqplo;Woro quite unconcoruod as regards the quostioii of eeparatioD, all thoy thought about was gottjng rid of thoir sugar. If separation wibre iibtainod, ho firmly believed Oooktown ivpol tl bo tho capital. Tho amondmqnt wasi Subsequently put and test, and thft b|finat,. ireljolution deolsrod oarricd. Tbo 'follqwingj yyqro appointed n eommittoo to advauoff tho ' ebjoots of tho mooting, JMesArs,> Gregory, Hampo, Millor, Nutt, Huglios, Camp bell, Clifton, King, JunkorjCalten, and Hor on. What reat "'result' ' lli'o inetigafors'of 'thojkhbvo mooting anticipate obtaining, wo confess our selves at a loss to iraagino. That thoro is a division in -. tho -camp is solf ovidout, and wo rathor fonoy that tho ropUos that will bo reooived from other northorn townships, will not bo in any way oaloulatcd to strongth.on tho movomont. Possibly iu tho natural order of qvonts the soparationists may obtain tho objoot of thoir desires some day, bat that day is for distant, and wo aro in no way inclined to imagine that 'any' notion on tho part of tho Bowon sopurationists will hasten tho ported a singlo day; whilst it is a "'inprobablo, that whon tho time has arrived, - tho southorn boundary thoy aolqot. will Jbo tho 0110' adopted;' by tho Imporial authorities. ' The Ufpsb Hunter.— Tho" Singicldri Argue ; intimatcH that a now dangor threatens tho. cn-nsdnrs of -tlin distriot. It r.ivn fhnt. " Ttnl rooont rain which started tho- grass hns cnusod' tho elovor, trofoil, nnd marsh-mallows to grow i so luxuriantly that oattlo aro liublo to eortnini doath from ovorfeoding, Melbourne News. — From a telegram in tho Ipswioh Observer of tho 14th inst. wo gntliorj that Roberts, tho billiard playor, wou his sooond mutoh oasily. Tho population at tho < oloso of Muroh last was ovor 800,000. W. Sincock, Into manager of tho Land and Mortgage Bank, is oharged with tho forgory of a hilt of oxohango for £7000. At an oarly ' hour on the morning of tho 12th inst., a largo Bafo wns carried nwny from Dnlkin's store, at Stuwoll, in the centre of tho buainoss portion of tho town. Driven Out.— Thoro Is anothor 'illustration of tho honofioiul working of proteotion in re gard to nativo industries. Tho Sydney Iivcn- iny News, of tho 22nd'ulti, says : — '' Protection has driven from Molbonrno Mr. Frank "Weston, tho wizard oil mnkor, who will in future; manufacture in Sydnoy, ' Tho import duty of 25 por cent, on bottles, and 10 por cant on drugs in Victoria makes Now South Wales so suporior a field for tho ontorpriso, whioh is a flourishing one, tlmt at last Mr. Woston, seeing no ohanoo of any alteration of tariff, hns tnken tho all-important step. It is worthy of remark that though moro duties on drugs and medicine bottlos aro oharged, Jnoithor are manufactured in Victoria, white, though no duty is charged horo, both aro thriving industries." , The Great Metropolitan Stakes.— Tho following weights for tho principal Handicaps of tho Spring Meeting, to bo run for nt Baud- wick undor tho auspicos of tlio Australian Jock'oy Club, hayo boon declared :— Golds- brough, 9st 91bs; Kingsborougb, 9st Gibs ; Reprieve, 9st 31bs ; Imperiul, Oat ; Robin Hood, 8st 12lbs; Sterling, 8st 71bs; Clifton, Sat Slbs ; Burgundy! fist -libs ; Horoulo?, Bat 41bs ; Vnlcutia, 8st 21bs ; Molbourno, 8st 21bs ; Valotta colt, 8st; Speculation, 8st; King of tbo Wost, 7st 121bs ; Blair Athol, 7st lOlbs; Priam, 7st lOlbs; Irish Stow, 7st81bs; A. T., 7 st 81bs ; Brunswick, 7st 71bs ; Rodwood, ,7st Gibs; Janitor, 7st Gibs ; Kismet, 7st ulbs; Timothy, 7Bt libs; Bondsman, 7st -libs ; Motcor 7st 21hs;.Now Hollnnd, 7st 21bs; Stnnhopo, 7st ; Ringwood, Ost 121bs ; ' Mondacious, 6st, 121bs; Athos, Ost 121bs; Kingfisher; Ost 121bs; Wranglor, Ost 121bs ; Norcduh, Get lllbs ; Miss Kingston,. Ost , lllbs; Rntapluu, Got lOlbs; Gratis, flst lOlbs ; .Connaught, Cat 8Ibs ; Prin cess golding, Ost 81bs ;' Lord Lyttdii,' Ost Gibs; West -Australian, Gst Gibs; Duke, Ost 41bs ; Victor, Ost -libs; Nightshade, Ost 21bs; Nome sis, Cat 21bs; Ginger, Gst; Chovalior, 5st 121bs ; Tho Cardinal, ost lOlbs ; Fornhill, "Est lOlbs; Glongarry,' Sat 71bs; Tlio King, 5st 71bs. Another Death by Kerosine.— Tho Echo of tho 14th 'inst. publishes particulars of another, torriblo doath, onusod by a korosino lamp. About 7 o'olook yostorday ovoning, tho alarm was given that a firo hud broken out in n book room, - downstairs, of Houso No.- P2j Judgo-stroot, Woolloomooloo, oooupiod by Mrs. Maria Gurnos, a widow, agod 75 years, who sublet tho houso to various lodgers. A lodgor in tho house, named William Coglfinn, per ceiving tho smoll of firo. sought to ascortnin from wlioucc it procoodod, and was ted to Mrs, Gurnor's room. O11 entering ho notiood that thore was a good doal of smoko, whioh at first prevented him from uoticingjdistinotly tho state of things in tho room. Ho at last obscrvod a number of small nrticlcs burning on tho floor. , In ono corner of tho room near a tablo lay a smouldoring mass whioh ho had some diifioulty in recognising as tho body of tho landlady, Mrs. Gurnor. Tho olothcs bad boon burnt off tho unfortunate woman, but she was still alivo. Tlio uppor part of tho body was, feurfully . charred. Ono oyo had been completely- ob literated by tho action of tho fire; and tho bono of tho loft arm was oxposod. Tho unfortunate . woman would nppoar to havo reeoivod those injurios, whioh last night woro evovy hour ox pootod to. terminate in her doath, through somo uooideut with a korosino lamp, tho oxaot nature of which is, not apparent. . . . . , < Di aaionds - in South Australia. — Mr. Ralph Otto a man of considerable oxporienco amongst ' tho Diamond Fields of South Africa, in a . communication addressed to tho Port Pirie Gazette, is apparently fully imprqssod with tho conviction judging from topographical similari ties that iu tho surrounding districts tho soil is diamond siforous and iu some places likely to provo auriforouB. Ho says : — Iu tho neighbourhood of Balnklara, aud between that township and Hoylotou, tlio surface of tho laud hoars so striking a rosemblnnco to tho celebrated Oolcsberg Kopje aud Dutiot's fan diggings of the African diamond-fields that would earnestly reeommoud tho inhabitants of that region to -iustituto an occasional pros- pcotiug scnroli for tho. beautiful gems -with, whioh I suspect it abouuds., .Tho samo observation applies with almost equal - foroo to , tho lauds iuimedintoly contiguous to . Rod-hill .on tho Clare side. Not .only is tho hue -.of tho soil aud tho gonoral conformation .of ..tho country precisely similar, but othor iudioatious . well kuown to experienced diamond-seekers are obBorvnble. For tho information of tlioso ' who never saw a diamond in its orudo stnto, ; I may obscrvo that though gouorally of! .octagonal shnpe, tlioy are not always so,' nor do tjioy always glitter. Ono of tho, surest tosts is tho very dooided aqnpy . fooling they ' givo whon handlod, just liko that given by a' dry oako of brown Windsor soap. Most of the diamonds found iu or upon dry ground are of a yollowish or saffron' hue, some being fully as' dark as gamboge. Those aro known iu South Afrioa uiidor tho gouoric term .' off. coloured. diamonds.' Thoso of what is oallecl pure .water 'are. gouorally pioked up in river beds, ospccinlly wh'ero gravol and small pebbles, are. plentiful. Thoy are gouorally perfoct or nearly so iu shapo prcsontiog tho form of au octagon and npvor. elongated , as are tho quartz ' crystals fouud !in ull tho Viotorinn roofs. Thoso crystals aro besidos haish and rough whon folt iu tho hand, whioh 'is uevor tho caso with rospoot to 'tlio diiuuoud." '" ' Pure Milk.— Tho Echo is rospouaiblo for tho following rathor suggostivo anoodqto. A milkinan wns lately scokiug tho aid, of thu polioo to trnoo tho whoroabouts .of ' a- 'fninily who had loft the neighbourhood owing him eighteon shillings." " Well, I suppose there as pjnp shillings' wortli of water in tlmt milk aooount," ppijmj:kp<l . the inspebtor. " That's whoro it galls nio— that's Where it hurt!" rcpliod .the. dealer. " Thoy wore now : custo mers, 'and I hndu't oommcuccd to water tho milk yet !" 