WORRY AND ITS PHYSICAL EFFECTS. ;-???*? (From, the- Scientific America/ft.) .'To so cvery-day and eommon a. state of mind aa worry,1 ranging, as it may, from a passing ' fit of tlie blues' to tlie most poignant mental ?anxiety regarding life itself, little .importance is popularly -attached ; and especially among so' exceptionally nervous and rapid a people as the Americans, the fact of a porson succumbing under montal statin is of too ordinary occur rence to give rise to. extended comment. To the list of the insano-immured in asylums and brought thither through heredity 'or by their own ' excesses,1 thousands are added Suffering with broken minds induced by anxiety 3 but tho great majority of people thus affected con tinue in their places in society, by no means lunatics, nor maniacs, nor idiots, but neverthej less of brain unsound in parts. The world sometimes dubs them 'eccentric;' and, if they be. so distinguished, their odd habits, absence of mind, and like traits furnish rich' 'material, for! ? tlie ^biographer ?; in other cases the eccentricities become crimes, and indiscrimina ting justice ?may declare tlie life' forfeited because of the worki ngs of hidden' faculties, uncontrollable, because disorganised. During the early stages of dimentia induced by mental anxiety, Dr. Richardson tolls us in his '? Diseases of Modern Life,' there is nothing' more than an increased tension of the minute vessels which supply the brain. In later stages, the snbstanco of the nervous tissue itself under goes a modification by which its activity is per manently lost. These aro the physiological consequences, most briefly summed up.- The first Symptom is a want of full bodily vigour ; then follows craving for ; more work, disturbed sleep, aim to sensitiveness to external impres sions, and, finally, strange figures and sounds are-seen and hoard.-' This, condition may con tinue for years, ,and tho sufferer, may:, begin to accept, abnormal creations as natural. Dr. I-tichardson citcs a case of a morchant who for a week retained in his vision the spectra of three' lights, oval in shape, of the size of an egg, and so clearly defined to the observer that lie would watch them , lialf-consciously as they floated before him on tho wall, the ceiling, or in space.-' In this stage of the disease lies the foundation of all hypotheses of ghost scoing, of ocstatic visions, and even of poetic frenzy. It' is- a well-known fact that we have' two natures^— one purely organic and emotional, the iotlier subjcct to the reasoning powors. The organic nervous chain exists in tlie body as a link between-emotional montal acts and Vascular supply. An improssion from, without,- inado through tlie-organs of the senses upon the oinotiotial coritrcs, is reflected directly from them to the vascular expense. The part flushes 01* blanches, and tlio -heart hesitates, palpitates, rebounds,- or intermits ; So that those ccntios, excited by anxiety, or grief, or joy, 'or sorrow, influence the'- waves of ,, blood passing through the system; and the brain'; promptly feels the imperfect regulation of the supply. Under varying tensions of the vessels there are flashes, chills; coldness of the ' extremities, and other oppressive symptoms, wliilo in addition appear the distressing ringing or liammerhig sounds in the head. These sounds are arterial murmurs, vibrations of the blood which prf ss with cacli impulse of the heart on the bony surroundings of tlie relaxed carotid canal, situated at the base of, the skull. -The ctual is in direct connexion, 1 by solid conducting substance, with the organs ' of 'hearing, and thus the faintest vibration is detected. The sound produced, when it is sudden and unexpected, as in moments of fear, is occasionally mistaken for a sound proceeding from -without with no obvious cause. , At ' this 'point, if the mental powers'- be allo wed restj and the fountains of care be closed, recovery may take place ; but if the over-strain continue, the disease assumes still -graver form. There is a .maddening desire, for work, more Work, coupled with tho sad sensation that the pliysicial powers aro failing.; and then there are lapses of memory. Tho man of business .forgets impoitant -details; he is irritable, dis trusts everybody and himself most, makes mis takes and yeV pei-sists in'1 accumulating nio'ro 'work-' on himself. V The poet and novelist be como over-sentimental and. morbid ; the man troubled with - remorse for guilt confesses his crime, or commits suicide. The downward course is rapid ; in one case epilepsey occurs, in another paralysis, and a third developes some 'hereditary malady like cancer. Tho brain 'becomes disorganised, the balance is broken, and anarchy succeeds to what was once order. The majority, escaping these spccial ends, be come' prematurely old, and sink helplessly into death. In every brain, in fact, there is set up primi tively a kingly force, to which all other forces bend. The king map be good or bad, he may be an; hereditary king or a usurper, but he holds the balance' ; kill the Icing, and, in ninety nine cases out of a hundred, tho kingdom is made chaos and dark night. 