OUtt LONDON LlSTTEU. (FROM OUR OWN cguuiisroNDiiNr.) LONDON, 31st August. Public indignation at Turkish atrocity lias beeu gradually growing more intense for weeks past, and now tils letter ju.it addressed by the Servians to ihe English people ti.rough the Archbishop of Canterbury has sent it up to a white heat. A few extracts will sulllce to show the nature of the document and I he grievances complained of: " It would only disyust you to be made ac quainted with all the outrages which the Turks commit upon our persons. You would refuse to belieTe all the crime-) of these savage horde:; but the Serb has had to bear the brunt of them for nearly 600 years. " What would you do, you English, if your families were attacked, if you had to keep guard night and day over wife and daughters lest the Turk, impelled by the savage instiuct which characterises him, should seize upon them for the satiation of hiB vile passions? What if, for a whim, he forced you to eat the roasted flesh of your own child, the sole consolation which God had seen fit to leave you iu this life of suf fering and bitterness? . . \ Yon are fathers and can, at least, understand the full atrocity of these atrocious deeds, to bear which the Serb has been condemned for ccuturies past and which civilised Europe tolerates; but this is not all. After having ravished your daughter or your wife, after having forced you to taste the flesh-of your child, the Turk will amuse himself with slashing your arms and your less, flaying you alive; and will finish by impaling you, so that you may breathe your last sigh iu agony, such us only the Serb knows, and from which you iu Kurope are happily secure. The Serviau's mother shudders in her dreams for lear that she.may never be permitted to bear her offspring as other mothers, knowing how the Tuik, with ferocious complacency,has forced the infant to the birth in order to carry it about iu triumph at the point of that sword with which he had already murdered tile mother. " You cannot, from sheer disgust, believe these savageries, can you? For all that they go ou daily throughout the breadth of the Ottoman Empire. Ask your consuls; they would not hide the truth from you." All this and a deal more is signed by the Archimandrite, and by some six or eight Arch priests and Mayors. I That indignation tuoetiugs should be either held or be iu course of organisation all over England; that our public men, with Mr. Glad stone at their head, should he writing letters on the subject, and that the press should every day be more and more energetic in its tone is only what might have been expected. Prom a purely military point of view, the posi tion of the Servians is glopmy enough in all conscience. Prince Milan has .sued for peace, and discouragement reigns everywhere. Such, however, is the tide of European indignation against Turkey that her advantages iu the Held are tolerably sure to be lost at the council table. The session came to a close on the 15th, and on tlie same d;ty it was announced that the Queen had summoned Mr. Disraeli to the Upper House, and that he had accepted the title of Earl of Beacousfield. How the hon. gentleman managed to keep his secret iu the thick of lobby gossip, and under the noses of scores of re porters-to say nothing of those of intimate friends and no less intimate enemies-is a mystery, but certain it is that he did keep it. The announcement was everywhere well re ceived, the only difference of opinion turning upon the point as to whether it rras Mr. Disraeli who was the more honored by the peer age or the peerage by hi:n. For the nonce the Scotsman muy be looked upon as the ex pouunt of the general idea. .' There was," he remarks, " only one greater honor he could have chosen for himself than the title of Earl of Beacousiield-he might have remained Mr. Disraeli, leader of the House of Commons." The swindling manager of the Co-opera tive Bank, Mr. Banner Oakley, has met with his deserts at last. The trial iasted four days, and in the end he was sen tenced to five y«ars' penal servitude. llow he has managed to extract £50,000 from the pockets of the public; by so gross a bait as 18 per cent, for the use of their money is some thing literally astounding. It never seems to have occurred to them that if sale investments at anything like that rate were to be had, the city men might sifely be trusted to keep tlieui for themselves; and that iu any case there would be no need to s>:ud lecturers qn stumping expedi tions into the provinces to open the eyes of the natives as to the desirableness of the said in vestments. But then, as Professor Whewell was fond of saying, " Men are such fools." The Balham inquiry was brought to a close oil the twenty-third day by a verdict to the effect that Mr. Bravo did not commit suicide -that he did not meet with death by mis adventure, but that ha was murdered by the administration of a dose of antimony, but that there was uo evidence to prove by whom the said dose was administered. The general opinion seems to be that the requirements of the case would have been better met by a ver dict that death wa» occasioned by a dose'of anti mony, but that there was no evidence to show by whom it had been administered. This would have left a wide enough field for suspicion without practically declaring that one or more persons out of three, or, at the very outside, four were guilty of tnurdur. Asa reward of £-250 has been offered by Government for the discovery of the guilty party, the police are still supposed to be continuing their resoarohes It is, there fore, quite upon the cards that we may once more have the unsavory dish placed before us Meanwhile, the mystery remains a mystery still." The Fenians who mauuged to escape from your shores some time since have arrived safely iu America, and the success of the enterprise would seem to have inspired hopes in reference to those still in durance at home. The convict prison at Ctiatham is said to' be the next objec tive for the sympathisers. The authorities, of course, laugh at the idea of anything in the shape of an open attack, but they are not so sure about the effect of a heavy bribe if offered in the proper quarter. Warders arc not im peccable, and it would be too much to expect any thing like Komati conduct for fifteen shillings a week. It is, however, satisfactory to know that hitherto all attempts at bribery have failed-it is a fact that several have beon made. M. Gambetta is shortly expected ou a visit here, and the fact seems greatly to pre-occupy the minds of French journalists. The editor of the Gaulois is perhaps the most amusing. Ac cording to him, Sir Charles Dilke is to receive M. Gambetta. in princely state at his palace. Sir Charles has, it seems, " thirty footmen all iu white aud gold liveries," and whenavei he takes his rides abroad it is in a coach and four. In this equipage, Sir Charles intends driving him through the streets of London for the behoof of the citizens, who might not otherwise be gratified with n. glimpse of " the young dic tator " This done, the party will proceed to the Crystal Palace, where M Gauibetta will be again exhibited by his host-this time, how ever, to win a bet." Another correspondent of a rival paper qualifies all 'bis as " fabulous," and proceeds to reduce the whole affair to simple prose. M. Gambetta, he says, will, during his *tay, be the guest of " no oe.e in particular." He will put up at an hotel, will "dine out occa sionally," and will " pass the eveniuga with his frieuds." This last correspondent is clearly a safe, reliable sort of gentleman, and one to bo encouraged as such. One might almost imasiue the "silver streak " we hear so much about to be endowed with some cccult property of pre venting or retarding the flux and reflux of ideas between the two coasts. Professov Tyndall may possibly consider the matter as worth his attention. The Belfast riots hardly come within the scope of the present letter, but there is a story just now going its rounds apropos of ouc of the actors in them, which is too good to be lost. Quite at the beginning of the outbreak, the in dividual iu questiou walked iuto a shop with a stone of a pound and a half weight iu his hand. His initial remark was terse and to the point. There was "a dale too much bigotry about," he thought, and, so saying, he began to smash everything within reach, for all the world like Thackeray's heroes when engaged i.-i " purshoo ing of their shindies along fhe Shannon's shore." When the shop was three-quarters dis mantled, the myrmidons of the law appeared ou the scene, aud carried him oil to the lock-up. The same local paper that gives the above account also contains the following advertiso ment, which is as good as anything I ever saw in Punch, even in the days of, Leech and Douglas Jerrold:-" Laud steward and sub-agent wanted. Must be a member and communicant of the Irish Church, and one whose antecedents prove him to be an earnest-Christian, full of the Holy Ghost and of wisdom. Security for £500 will be required !" ' .tr* The phenomenon season is later this year than usual, a fact owing possibly to the early arrival of the collisions. The sea-serpent is still over due; but en ravanchc, we have had an animated account of how a herring-net, aud all it con tained, was swallowed by a whale at a mouth ful. \Vc have also had from Norway an account of & shower of ants; doubtless due to the pen of some roving fellow coutitrymsn engaged in those high latitudes in search of pleasure and salmon, and willing occasionally to unbend his mind by catering, on a limited scale, for the amusement *pdr iustruciioo of thtj uublwiJ Ttio' Colorddo beetle has also foinied the subject (if some smart paragraphs. Tliis objectionable insect lias, it is stated, been found in a bap of niai/.c in Liver pool. This, if true, is likely to be no laughing multcr, for it olearly proved how easily the transit may be nmdo; and if once the creature is fairly introduced, there is no reason why it should not prove us destructive oil this side of the Atlantic a? it has 011 the other. The inquiry into the explosion on board the Thunderer has at length closed. The verdict is just what everyone expected, namely, " That the deaths wero accidental, and that the acci dent was due to the fact of the safety-valves not being in working order." A private tirni would not have taken fifteen days to ascertain this, but then a private tiriu would not have had Government money to fall back upon, and this makes a difference. Money is very far from always greasing the wheels,of legal machinery. It did not, for instance, grease them in the famous Wyndam case, when £80,000 went over the very simple question, or what ought rather to have been a simple one, of ascertaining whether a notoriously extravagant, foolish younjr man was tit to have the control of his fortune. In France a family council would have been called, and the young man have been brought to his bearings in a very few days, and at a merely nominal cost.. P.S. I open my letter tc> say that news has just arrived that the Sultau has been deposed, and that Prince Hamid has been proclaimed in his place. The Prince is a younger son of the late Abdul Medjid, and is in his thirty-fourth yeaV. The ex-Sultan is stated to have made au attempt to jump into the sea from his palace window, and "hence )ii.s deposition." Under the circumstances one pretext does as well as another. The probability is that he will have been " suicided"-to borrow Alphouse Karr's mot-long before this reaches you. 