(Wesleyan-Methodist Magazine) THE obscure village of Owston Ferry, in the north of Lincolnshire, found itself, about eighteen months ago, brought into great and sudden notoriety. For the uni versal and unlooked-for attention accorded to it during the last year and a half it has to thank its vicar. One act of this gentle man-who apparently belongs to the non possumus class of ecclesiastics-has caused the name of his parish to appear in the leading articles of the Times, and to be uttered by the lips of judges, from Mr, Phillimore in the little Consistory Court of Lincoln, up to the Lord Chancellor of England in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, The story of the Owston Ferry law-suit Is soon told :--The Rev, Henry Keet was appointed by the Wesleyan Conference to labour in the Epworth Clrouit, and to re side at Owston Ferry. While there one of his children died, and her mortal remains were interred in the village churchyard, He gave directions to a stonemason, to prepare and erect a headstone, with an inscription in which the deceased child was described as the daughter of "the Reverend Henry Keet, Wesleyan Minis. tor," To the admission of the stone to the churchyard the Rev, George Edward Smith, vicar of Owston Ferry, objected, on the ground that Mr. Keet had no right to the title Reverend, An appeal to the Bishop of Lincoln only brought upon the bereaved father a long lecture on the posi tion of Methodism, in which, however, the arrogance of the vicar was fully sanctioned by his dioceasan, A letter to the Arch bishop of Canterbury received a courteous reply from his Grace, addressed to " the Rev. H. Keet," in which the Primate says that the objeotion to the inscription is one, that ought never to have been raised, Dr. Tait sympathised with the insulted minister; but it was beyond his power to afford him redress,. Under these clrcumstances Mr, Keet placed his case In the hands of the Connexional Commiltee of Privileges. That Committee, although anythling but litigious or pugnaclous, but on the contrary longsuffering and disposed to peace, agreed, after due deliberation, to sustain the com plainant in an appeal to law. Unhappily the case could not be brought in the first instance before the clvil tribunals of the country, in the enllghtenment and, equity of which confidence can be placed, His suit must first come before the ecclesiastical courts. To Church of England litigants these courts have been most unsatisfactory in their administration of justice; and the " Church Association," in its prosecution of the Ritualistic clergy, has called loudly and long for the cleansing of " the Augean stable of the ecclesiastical courts." It is questionable. however, whether any remedy short of total abolition will meet the case of these judicial anachronisms, with their conon law and medaevalism and obsolete precedents. No wonder, then, that Mr. Keet's cause should have failed both in the Consistory Court of Lincoln and the Arches Court of Canterbury, and that, too, while the defen dant was unrepresented by counsel. In fact the judges of these courts acted as if they were counsel for the defence. Mr. Walter Phillimore, as Chancellor of the Consistory Court, spoke of Mr. Keet as a schismatic who had no right to be styled reverend, or oven to be recognised as a minister, HIis father, Sir Ri. J. Phillimore, as Dean of Arches, based his judgment partly on the Bishop of Lincoln's letter to Mr. Keot, an impropriety for which the learned judge was curtly reproved by the final court of appeal. Ho also justified the the exclusion of the tombstone, on the ground that the churchyard was really the vicar's "Freehold," in which he might graze cattle if he liked. Thus repulsed by the ecelesiastical courts. Mr. Ket appealed to the Queen in Council. The Judicial Committee, when the case was heard and decided, comprised the most eminent living luminaries of British law. The unanimous decision of their lordships, delivered by the Lord Chancellor, "without any hesitation," was that " the word 'Reverend' is not a title of honour or of courtesy. It is an epithet, an adjective used as a laudatory epithet, a mark of respect and of reverence, but nothing'more. It has been used for a considerable length of time, yet by no means a very great length of time, by the clergy of the Chueh otl.Englanud. But the time has beo who it id o belong to them. It b been usein anni t hnes by persuna-wi'o were riot o dgy tall, M\t has been used for a considerdao time, and is used at the present day, in common par lance and in social intercourse by minristors of denominations separated from the Churhel of England,-by ministers of the Wesleyan Church, by ministers of bodies holding a congrogational form of government, and by Prosbyterian ministers. Under these cir iumstances it appears to their lordships im possible to treat this word as a title of honour exclusively possessed by the clergy of the Church of England, or that ministers of other denominations should be refused their claim to be permitted to place it on a public monument." The judgment of thie highest court of ap peal, as given above, with the direction that a ftoulty should issue for the erection of the prohibited tombstone, has given great satisfaction to the public press of the country. The unanimity of approval, from the Times down to the humblest organ of publio opinion, is remarkable for its hearti. ness. The public felt that a mean insult had beeoon offered, not to thn individual minister in question, not only to the whole Methodist Counexion-a Ohurch which, in number and influence in England, is second only to the Established Church, while in spiritual power and practical benefit to tho nation, some would be disposed to rank it as high as the highest,-but also to all Nonconformist ministers of whatever dono mination, Against this outrage the public is pleased to see there is legal protection, The Methodist people, of course, cannot but be gratified at the issue of the suit, Not that they or their ministers care very much for the title of Reverend. Time was with Methodist preachers, as with the clergy of the Established Church, when they did without it; and the time may come when they and all other ministers shall cease to use it, To prefix it to a man's name does not make a genuine minis. ter of one whom the lioly Ghost has not called or qualified for the ollfice and to re. fuse to give it to one who " makes full proof of his ministry" does not invalidate his commission. It was not to establish the claim of our ministers to the title Roverend that the late suit was instituted. It was rather to vindicate the rights of our people in connootion with the national burying. grounds, These rights include not only Christian interment, but the ereotion of tombstones and the insoription of epitaphs against which no reasonable objection oan be urged, We recognise the parochial clergyman as, at present, the oustodian of the ehurchyard, but only a oustodian, and that the discretion invested by law in the Inoumbont iind the, Ordinary is not un limited, and should be exorcised reasonably, and be subject to revision, Those points are now unmistakably settled by the highest tribunal in the land ; and if the judgment help to protect our people from the Ilso. lence of that section of the clergy who do. light to insult them in the times of their greatest sorrow, the suit will not have boon in vain, 