TAMBO. " FROM Ol'll OW.V CORRKSl'OROKMT. Lucalcd.ii-l'«mlJO>Bi(ime-iii.tlii)_co0co:r(omofi.« liotol, .nbmitting with Olirl.tlnn fortitudo to. tlio torturing limit of un iron roof, with boiling .Iroora. „r nnmniration oor.iiiR thrduch niv porous liido. trickling down my log., and forming littdo lakes upon tlio floor— I draw forth iny paper, seise my pon, uncork my ink bottle, and, 'determining to be orer- coiuo by notliiug short of erematinu, wtli endcarour to scribble you a few lines. At prcsont Tambo ap|ienrs to bo in a very flourish- iug condition ; joyous ore the focea of tho inhabitants, who oro deeply impressed with Iho behof that ft glo rious future is iu store for ilio fittlo town» A grand tolesrtph offlco is in courso of erection, and n branch 4rt6?fiuMr»land- Notio„al-Uank-i. established and. in full working order, lire introduction of this In stitution appears to. lisvo shed. a moral ray oroe tho community. if wo may judgo from the hot that sinco it has opened sovornl neatly written notices linve been observed nailed to sundry lelogrnph posls nnd n publlo places, to tho effect that " JJivmo sorvico will bo hold at tho Court Uouso every Sunday afternoon, at d p.m." Ibis is an ontiroly now feature in the dull monotonous life of Tambo. I slt?"d"d J"' Sunday, and woa ploased to ire quit. a larga oon. gregatfon, Our wortliy police mugiilralo couduoted tlm service in it really nlnnsiciil milliner, and road a thrilling sermon on "Muscular Christianity." Tlio Iiliiekullik'9 are in a stnloof tremulous emotion. - It is now almost- a cortninty Mint tho main" roud to tho WmiI will oviMitimlly go direct from Tambo to. 'Iris Downs, -or Wit Town, _Tm it in culled, loosing. IHackullomplctriy -in-llio-shade. This : roud, I believe, is us good'. as tho present one— the only objection to it boing u stago of soino twon'V inlles badly 'Watered j it wilt however bo a considerable 'miring in dfslntimy otnl mora In the linn ofsintfonsr WitTowni about fiO tnilos beyond Bluokall, and consists of a store ntid hotol, belonging to llioMcisrSr- Whitman 'Bros So far as being a conrenicncctto, tho district is concerned, it is much beitor'.situated. than Bliiok≪, dud allliough-only in existcnro.'a com' jwratiroly short tiinp, Is already interfering con; siderably with the business of that pliire, and I do. not think tlio day Is far distant when it will bo, surveyed and proclaimed n township, and tlieroiis evory probability of Its btdngirftdurisliiirg'dndrTr.. Shearing is well orer now in most of tho principal sheds, and u considerable) quantity of wool lino passed through enroula for Kocklmmpton, and shearers are. undergoing t lie process of what is facetiously /colled. " Lambing Down." I am told an amusing rcert'o. took place Lho other evening, in whieh ono of these gentlemen, in a somi;iiHoiicAtcd slate, played rather a ludicrous purt -The shodes.of evening had long, sinco fultoit, «nd night hud thrown around .her mantlo groy j dark clouds rose o'er the horiton and spread across tho sky t tlio thunder roiled, tho light nlng flashed, and tlio Winds Mow, when a Rockhamp . ton Bulletin caught by the storm, probably from Luo- liAHds-ofsomc-citttencngcrfornewspunfoldcd'lti pages and was blown rustling down the street a ghost, oror uppermost in tho minds of inebriates', at once suggested itself to Uio drunken shc&rrr;, who instantly became sobered, and with the most itiUmto terror depicted on his countenance, took frantically, to his hoots, closely pursued by tho lending article, paragraphs, and columns of advertisements, 4c. 