THAT MEEK OLD CHRISTIAN, PIUS: IX ! According to the war correspondent of' the Daily Hews, and to M. Ivan de Woeatine, who is fulfilling the same office for the Paris Figaro, the Bashi- Bazouks, in Bulgaria are .committing atrocities in that province such as were never equalled by the Red Indians of North America. One hundred and twenty villages have been : de stroyed and manv thousands of people massacred'. The ungathered crops wither in a depopulated country. Children fetch about 8s. 4d. each ; the girls being sent to the slave market' in Con stantinople, and their mothers are transported to the Balkans, there to be sold into servitude. The Bashi- Bazouks violate women, burn down houses, harry cattle, destroy churches, cut into mincemeat little children, and crucify and roast priests. At Phillippopolis, a prison with accom modation for 200 inmates contains 800 ; and these wretched men are fed once a day b.v having V»A u cuu vuivnu aiuuug uucuu luuiowixuii nately. Charming state of things, this ! But, in the meantime, how comforting it is to be assured that his Infallibility the Pope " continues to admonish all Roman Catholics to support the Turkish Empire against her insurgent subjects and enemies." You see these insurgents — these women who are being ravished, these priests who are being roasted alive or crucified, these girls who are being sold into slavery as " soul less toys for tyrant's lust, 4' these little children who are being cut into mincemeat, are Christians, like an aged ecclesfastic in the Vatican, but then they are Greek Catholics, who have the misfortune to differ from their Latin brethren in reference to the stupendously important' question of the "procession" of the Holy Ghost, and therefore the Vicar of Christ, from his magnificent palace in Rome, isBues admoni tions to the faithful to support the master of the Bashi-Bazouks in putting down his insurgent subjects and enemies. In effect, the Roman Pontiff says : — " Continue, my beloved BaBhi- Bazouks, to mutilate, slaughter and deflower the Greek Christians ; for sweet, in my nostrils, is the savour of blood ashed from the veins of schismatics ; musical, in my ears, are the shrieks and groans of heretic women and children ; and precious in my sight is the violent death of every meml er of the Eastern Church. Bless von mv excellent butchers !"— " Vagabond," in Melbourne Punch, A Weak Invention of the Enemy, — The following appears in Freeman's answers to cor respondents — " We have received a circular signed ' Members of the Church of England,' directed againBt the Rev. Dr. Barry, but we cannot interfere, as we can know nothing per sonally of the facts." Very likely not. indeed ; for no auch circular was received. The little editorial coinage is not even plausibly executed ; the absurdity of the signature " Members, &c.;," and the insanity of "members of the Church of England " choosing the Freeman's Journal for a confidential circular (for no one else got one) against a clergyman of their own church, are too glaring even for those who believe in the "prisoner of the Vatican" and his "straw." The agents of Rome have good reason to adopt the motto — " Is there not a lie in my right hand ' The Rev. Dr. Gilchrist.— To-night (Friday) this gentleman will deliver a lecture in the Masonic Hall, on " William III., Prince of Orange." On October 13th he lectured on "Robert Burns," and last Friday evening on " Sir Walter Scott." The proceeds of the lectures are in aid of the Manse Fund of Scots' Church, Church Hill, of which place of worship the rev. lecturer is the minister. We are sorry to say the audiences have not been very large — not at all commensurate with the excellence of the lectures. One would think that in these days when there is such a noisy outcry against theatres, operas, and all such unholy amuse ments, intellectual lcctureB of this kind would be devoured with pleasure. But, no ; a great many people who will not frequent the theatre (and rightly too) seem cjuite indifferent to such legitimate and instructive mental recreation as the kind in question. The object to which the proceeds are to be devoted, should enlist the sympathy and attendance of all Presbyterians ; the lecturer's connection with the Orange Insti tution, and the subject of to-night's lecture, and the ability with which it is treated, should in duce all Orangemen to be present ; and all who appreciate true eloquence and pure English — of course, not so true and pure as we find in the " Hidden Springs " — should attend and enjoy a treat. Recife to Keep Fresh Meat. — A Japanese recipe for keeping meat fresh in hot weather : — Place it in a clean porcelain bowl and pour very hot water over it so as to cover it. Then pour oil on the water. The air is thus quite excluded and the meat i3 preserved. . ; 