LECTURE BY REV. F. HIBBERD, In 'answer to Archbishop Vaughan's pamphlet entitled "The Church of Christ Indefectible." PartI. — ( Continued .) The system of indulgences is a practical licensing of iniquity. An authoritative tariff fixes the price for every sin. Where there is wealth there need be no limit to the gratifica tion of every sinful desire. And we may be sure that where there is a desire to sin and no wealth it will not require much penetration to decide that sin is not so bad after all, since it can be remitted for a cash payment, it is a fact proved by indisputable statistics that murder and assassination, concubinage and illegitimate births, perjury and theit, and Sabbath desecration are more rife in Catholic countries than in Protestant. And what wonder, since unbridled lust may gallop on in mad speed under the sanction of the dominant religion. O, successors of Pete ! how miserably you have, fallen below the standard of life which he erected ! — "Be ye holy, for I am holy." " As He who hath called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation." One wonders at the shameless audacity of the Coadjutor Archbishop in claiming for the Church of Bome, its chief pastors, bishops, priests, or laity, incorruptible morality. Where the system has been dominant, like a plague, it has Bpread destruction in every quarter. It has corrupted the home, society, and. the mart ; it has polluted the individual, diminished the value of life, destroyed probity, and turned every land where its lordly influence has been long felt, into an arid waste Here is another utterance which, on examination, turns out as futile as the rest. "There are as proud and as independent spirits in the Church as out of it, as keen and penetrating intellects, as profound logicians, as cautious men of science, as subtle philosophers ; men as deeply read in all human knowledge and divine; and, still, these ex perience no difficulty in submitting to the truth as it is uttered by the protected lips of the chief Pastor of the Church." If we admit this, what follows ? Are we to understand that the claims of the Roman Church are unimpeachable because they receive the respect of such men ? What else can be intended ? If such be the in ference we shall find no difficulty in showing how faulty it is. Did the Author never meet with the profound saying of Lord Bacon bearing upon this very thing : " The master of super stition is the people, and in all superstition wise men follow fools : and arguments are fitted to practice in a reversed order." If the charge of superstition be repudiated hy the votaries of the Roman Church, their way of escape will be cut off by this description of the origin of super stition from the same master mind. "The causes of superstition are pleasing and sensual rites and ceremonies ; excess of outward and Pharisaical holiness ; over-great reverence of traditions which cannot but load the Church ; the stratagems of prelates for their own ambition and lucre; the favouring too much of good in tentions which openeth the gate to conceits and novelties ; the taking an aim at divine matters by human, which cannot but breed mixture of imaginations ; and lastly, barbarous times especially joined with calamities and disasters." The Archbishop might have read words which refute this argument, in the Essay he quotes further on, as the production of an " intelligent man whojhas an historical reputation to lose or maintain." His eye must have alighted upon it while transcribing a paragraph which occurs on the 19th page of this pamphlet, because they are connected closely together. But let us hear what Lord Macaulay says : — " A very common knowledge of history, a very little observation of life, will suffice to prove that no learning, no sagacity, affords a security against the greatest errors on subjects relating to the invisible world. Bayle and Chillingworth, two of the most sceptical of mankind, turned Catholios from sincere conviction." — Chillingworth afterwards renounced Popery, and exposed its fallacies. — Johnson, incredulous on all other points, was a ready believer in miracles and apparitions. He would not believe in Ossian; but he was willing to believe in the second sight. He would not believe in the earthquake of Lisbon ; but he was willing to believo in the Cock Lane ghost. For there reasons we have ceased to wonder at any vagaries of superstition. We have seen men, not of mean intellect or neglected education, but qualified by their talents and acquirements to attain eminence either in active or speculative pursuits, well read scholars, expert logicians, keen observers of life and manners, prophesying, interpreting, talk ing unknown tongues, working miraculous cures, coming down with messages from God to the House of Commons. We have seen an old woman, with no talents beyond the cunning of a fortune teller, and with the education of a scullion, ex alted into a prophetess, and surrounded by tens of thousands of devoted followers, many of. whom were, in station and knowledge, im measurably her superiors ; and all this in the nineteenth century; and all this in London. Yet why not ? For of the dealings of God with man no more has been revealed to the nineteenth century than to the first, or to London than to the wildest parish of the Hebrides. . . The history of Catholicism strikingly illustrates these observations.' This triumphant reference to the submission of intelligent men to the infallible utterances of the " Chief Pastor of the Church," proves nothing whatever, but leaves the question precisely where it was before. Further to support the claim of general unity he proceeds: — "And not only is there, one supreme acknowledged Head and Guide; but the same articles of faith, the same code of morality, the same teaching in sacraments, the Bame belief in the sacrifice, the same method of gaining heaven is found throughout the Catholic world. . . . Thus the Catholic Church is strong and energetic in her action, tough and elastic in her organisation ; exhibiting to the world a Bcheme of moral government, which in theory would have appeared impracticable, were it not seen positively and energetically in action at this very hour; a theory which has been in practice from the day of Pentecost to the days in which we live; the Church ever strengthening and developing, and intensifying her power of drawing all things into one, in proportion as she has expanded the cirole of her influence throught the world." Did the Church of the apostolic days teach the immaculate conception of the Virgin? Have the teachers of the Western Church ever heen agreed upon this dogma? Archbishop Vaughan knows full well that this dogma was rejected by Thomas Aquinas, St. Bernard, Peter de la Celle, Potho and others, while it was supported by Duns Scotus, Raymond Lull, and the English monk Nicolas. He knows, too, that Sixtus IV. issued a decree in 1483, im posing silence on those who affirmed and those who denied the freedom of the Virgin from sin, as nothing had been decided, and that the Council of Trent confirmed that decree. When the validity of the Baptism of heretics was under consideration at tfie Council of Carthage, Augustine contended for it and Cyprian against it. Take the dogma of transubstantiation as another illustration. Omitting earlier differ ences from Cyrill downwards. Paschasius Radbert, the advocate of the corporeal presence, was ably answered by Frudegard and Ratram- nus. Berengarius, with Scripture and Reason, Augustine and other Fathers in his favour, argued against the dogma ; his friend Lanfranc opposed him, and his doctrine was condemned, and he was excommunicated by a Roman Synod under Leo IX. Transubstantiation was afterwards defended by Anselm, Peter Lombard and Hugo, yet it was the subject of doubt in the minds of good men, "and was the central point of the temptations with which they had to combat." Evidently this boasted unity is a creature of the imagination, for when we look for it in actual fact it is not to be founds, Rome has ever coveted the power of reducing to one uniform standard all minds and consciences. And since this was not possible, when power was in her hand, she became a fierce persecutor. Even Dante could say in his day " Rome that turned it unto good, Was wont to boast two suns, whose several beams Cast light on either way, the world's and God's. One since hath quench'd the other ; and the sword ' " Is grafted on the crook ; and so conjoined, ' Each must perforce decline to worse, unawed, By fear of other." We shall have occasion to refer to the "tough and elastic organization," and to the peerless scheme of moral government, further on, when you will be able to judge whether the; theory has been in practice from "the day of Pentecost to the days in which we live." We advance to meet the argument from influ ence yihich. is stated in the Author's best style. " When we trace back her career through history, what kind of picture does . she present to us ? Does she exhibit that vitality, unity, breadth, power ; those royal, nay imperial features, which speak of Him who set her up upon the earth, and proclaim the mastery of that hand and mind which moulded her into shape and gave guidance to her steps ? Amongst, the mighty powers of the world, is she mighty too ; and equal to confronting vast combina tions against her, whether it be in the shape of brute persecution, or of subtle philosophy, or of the flatteries and riches of this world ? Has she been a world-power in the world, leaving her indelible mark on kingdoms and empires, on the civilization of each age, and on the for mation of the hidden springs of the heart whether of sage or barbarian ?" In this florid style two pages are filled up, in which, perhaps, the culminating thought is the supreme position occupied by Pius IX., who is spoken of thus :— " Is not the prime mover, that aged and vener able man at the Vatican, an object of anxiety to millions. Does not the shock of electricity flash to every quarter of the globe the moment a report is started that he is seriously indis posed, or is suffering a little more than usual ? Does not every statesman in Europe and out of Europe hang upon his ife, and fix his death as a great turning point in the politics of the world?" And this he goes on to show is because "he is the centre of a power greoter than any other in the world," a force from which we can no more escape than from the atmosphere in which we live. We have honesty enough to confess freely that the Roman Church has exerted a good in fluence in past ages. Guizot shows in his "History of Civilization how the compactly organised Church grappled with the Feudal system. It was a contest between two tyrannies, the weaker of which went to the wall. Lord Macaulay atoo records the good services v . " rendered fey Rome in earlier days, but charges iheri with -being the enemy of progress during the:- 'past three centuries. He shows that as \- leading : strings are suitable for children, and the /instructions of preceptor's for young learners, so -the' nations in their childhood required to be , under- tutors and governors. As the priests >were wiser and better acquainted with history . and law than the nominal rulers, it was better \- for the people to be governed by them, since their rule would be more salutary in its results than that of an ignoramus who could neither read nor write his name. But when intelligence spread amongst the laity, and many of them surpassed the clergy,' the dominion, which not withstanding its abuses, was a blessing in less favoured times, became an unjust and noxious tyranny when the emancipated mind was able to think for itself. He, moreover, traces its in- .fluence on different nations, and proves from undoubted facts that it produces intellectual torpor and social stagnation, while Protestant ism stimulates the mind to .action, and secures : material prosperity. Thus the argument is met and: its power destroyed. Nor is this all that .may . be said. What if God was pleased to use .theRoman organisation to further His own / purposes in the world, are we bound to infer ;:that she was the true Church on that account ? yinitbeigreat Book of History we read how He : selected Egypt as the cradle of the infant nation! .ofi. Israel. In her territory the .people found : sustenance, and under her wing protection, (.till 'having grown a great people envy moved the 'heart of the foster-mother, and she sought to destroy the chosen: nation. Egypt educated the ileader of Israel,- and the influence of her wisdom .in which he was learned may be traced in the Mosaic legislation. But notwithstanding all this;, do. we regard Egypt as the true Church ? < The .Persians, the Greeks, and the Romans, were all. utilized by God to shape the character of his people, and to bring in the fulness of the time,- that is to make the world ready for the \- advent (of Christ. To each was assigned a dis tinguished part. Each held its own place in time and circumstances. Without this prepara tion: the progress of truth would have beeu re tarded; . We thankfully trace the influence of . each of .these powers on the life and manners of \- the .nations.1 But who thinks of regarding the ,Persians, the Greeks, or the Romans as the true Church ? And yet if the influence of the Roman Catholic ; Church proves her to be the true .Church,: why should hot the influence of these nations do the same for them ? - As these nations followed, their own plans, and a higher widom , overruled them for his own glory, so the Roman Church followed hers, and God saw fit to employ her as He had other instrumentalities before; to; perfect his will amongst the nations. As they /when they had served God's purpose, :became. harm|ul and were removed, so with the Roman Church. What she was capable of doing ;as a "World-power in the world," has been done, and now; without any beneficent mission, i proving in fact an obstructionist, her doom is sealed. Wo are referred to the testimonies of herfoeginproofof her influence. "Her. very enemies.- are. forced, if they be men of intelli gence;; and/ have an ihistorical reputation to lose ...or: maintain, , to admit the Church's vast power, tho ; grandeur of her: history, the antiquity of her lineage, and the toughness of her endurance." -Lord- Macaulay is then laid under tribute to the . extent of two . pages of closely printed matter, . as. a favourable witness. . The first part of the quotation. sets forth;- that Rome has been able itokold her. own against all foes. She has re ceived, terrible wounds and has been prostrated, but (tai risen from her depressed state to put forth greater, strength, and has even made head way against Protestantism. But the other part pf Maeaulay's testimony is cleverly passed over, in Which.1 he .traces this result to the relentless peraeeutiqns which broke the spirits of allwho were not armed with invincible courage, and to the reaction in favour, of Rome which followed jtbe sudden-surprise produced by the Reforma- tibm ' The Archbishop doubtless found it con venient i(; to. forget that the same writer in his .'"ffistory. of England," credits the Order of JeBiis "with the honour of retrieving the lost power,, and territory .of , the Church. They sjjrjeainto all lands and made themselves masters of all positions. In courts,' through the press, and in academies they exerted a wonder- ' ful influence, but all their actions were directed' by 'the General of the Order, for they were all 'creature of unquestioning obedience. Destitute they fomented the most ' atrocious plots. But it was in the confessional that the flexibility of the Jesuitical character displayed itself. Petty thefts and business -swindles Were so arranged that they could be committed without sin. Duelling and assassi nation were, made, perfectly lawful. Deceit and connubial unfaithfulness were licensed. In fact, there was . no sin which the heart of man could .devise which his casuistry did not enable him to gloss over. As missionaries their success was '.prodigious ; but the heathens whom they con verted were almost as much heathens after their baptism' as before.. Such were the men by whom the tide of. affairs was turned in favour of Rome, and such the means they employed to accoin- plishit, Victories of such a nature were .worse than defeats ; for the remembrance of tfaem will entail everlasting disgrace on the Church on whose behalf they were secuied. 'As aa -illustration of the general contempt for .Htotby,: which marks Vaticanism, according to (Gladstone, and , of Jesuitical skill in quotation, notice . this :, " No person who calmly ; reflects bn what,lyithin.the last few. years, has passed .inISpain,.in, Ijtaly, in South America, in Ireland, imPrussifk even in Prance, can doubt that the . powitoof this Church over, the hearts, andr minds .ofrmjei) jSjnpw. greater far. than it was. when the Encylppsedia and the Philosophical Dictionary ,appepe£,"' , jIn 1843,-when Macaulay's Essays were writ ten, -this i opinion .was; justifiable ; but \yhat is the : condition of Italy now ?. The temporal .-powor- pf.-the Pope, in that j land is destroyed; i and jtb® influence of the Church broken. Is .not , Spain in the birth: throes of emancipation,? Has not tbe,-?riipe. Miioistpr of Prussia banished, the Jesuits; from the ; land ;; and is he not prepared . for other strokes equally, hold. Is Prance ; : any. ; longer. ; the: rod upon which .Rome .can depend to, chastise her rebellious subjects ? -A . mighty change has jpassed over the. face ,of affairs— a clisngp for the better — a change wliiph will soon bring on a.state of things wken. every- thing corrupt and capable of being shaken will be swept away, and truth alcn9 will lie enthroned in the heart of the nations. We will consider with the utmost brevity the argument from antiquity. Let it appear in Macaulay's words, which are quoted and repeated with evident triumph. "There is not, and there never was on this earth, a work of human policy so well deserving of examination as the Roman Catholic Church. The history of that Church joins together two great ages of human civilization. No other institution is left standing which carries the mind back to the times when the smoke of racrifieo rose from the Pan theon, and the camelopards and tigers bounded in the Flavian Amphitheatre. The proudest royal houses are but of yesterday, when com pared with the line of Supreme Pontiffs. That line we trace back in an unbroken series, from the Pope who 'crowned Napoleon in the nine teenth century to the Pope who crowned Pepin in the eighth ; and far beyond the time of Pepin the august dynasty extends, till it is lost in the twilight of fable." An unfortunate quotat:ou this. If the Roman Catholic Church is " a work of human policy ; " if the origin of the "line of Supreme Pontiffs " is " lostjinjthe twilight of fable," of whatjvalue is its boasted antiquity. Clearly,- if. a "work of human policy," it is not the Christian Church, forTthat was set up by Christ,'/and his kingdom' was not of this world, but was the kingdom of the truth — 'Jerusalem, "i.e., the Church, "was from above, which is the mother of us all.": And if the Papal system is "lost inthetwi-. light of fable," it is not connected with the Apostles, and therefore it is "the baseless fabric of a vision." Buddhism can trace its history hack six cen-; turies beforo Christ. Judaism- co a . period beyond that. Heathenism to a still remoter past. And yet we are not disposed to regard either of them as the true'Church. But if the argument from antiquity have any value, either of these could plead, it with greater force than the Roman Church. Having thus examined the arguments from numbers, from unity, from influence, from antiquity, and found them untenable, we are disposed to question the claim of the Roman Church to he accounted the Church of Christ., We have already proved that'she is not "inde fectible," and when the other arguments are scrutinized, and the tests applied to her, which are held in reserve for another occasion, we shall be able to decide impartially whether the foundation laid down in this pamphlet is able to bear the weight of her stupendous claim to be regarded "The Indefectible Church of Christ-" 