CHINA TOWN. ,: i;:, tft'om SepwortJi Dixon's White Kknqwsh) ' A sBVENTH part of the population—a seven-. : -tieth part.of .the surface—of San Francisco is Asiatic. All Orientals pack closer than Europeans. A man may see big crowds ip many cides: Russ -and Tartars at Nishuii- Hovgorod, Copts and Armenians in Jerusalem, Arabs and Algerines in Cairo; but in . neither- Ruasiaj Syria,-nor Egypt can be see. such crowds: as we find packed in the Asiatic • quarter of San Francisco. The-term - Asiatic quarter may surest a :. separate portion of (he city, walled .off from ••:• the remaining part like China Town in Mosoow-butthe Asiatic quarter in Sail Francisco i« an open colony, like May Fair in London, like the Second District in New York.; The Chinese have squatted in the very heart, of San Francisco. ."'•:"• Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson-street may be regarded as the heart of this new Asiatic empire in America ; for in Jackson-street, grouped around Lock Sin's balcony, lie the Chinese banks and stores, the. Chinese stalls and markets, the Chinese theatres and gambling-hells;: while off this thoroughfare^ to the right and left, extend the blind alleys and nameless passages in which reside the Chinese rogues and thieves, with their unfailing complement of female slaves, . Here, bright with paper lanterns, glare tie two great tea-houses kept by Lock Sin and • Hing Kee, in which you sip green tea and watch the dancing- girls perform their rites, -Hsre, rich in red and black flags, and musical with gongs and cymbals, stands Ye Hu TTn Cboy^ the royal theatre, in which a grand \- .'historical play, a chronicle of the Ming dynasty, has been going on for three weeks past, and is to run on briskly for about nine weeks . yet to come. In front of us, hardly less rich in red and yellow paint, hardly less noisy with shawm and; tom-tom, rises Sing Ping Yuen, the new theatre, in which lighter pieces are performed, not lasting more than thirty or forty nights. Hereabouts lie the tan-cellars : and. thieves' gaming-criba, in which sallow wretches and their hideous partners of the .. other sex indulge in the lawless pleasure of staking their ..-bottom dollar on a domino. About these cellars lia : the opium-dens, to which- the gamesters come in their frenzy, and snatch the still more fearful joy of. staking their health and manhood on a fume of poppy-juice. Round that corner stands the great joss-house, a large room, hung with screens and banners, dazzling in red and gold, in which an idol squats; not a Mongolian god, with flat and shaven face, and turned- :--®p Tartar- eyebrows, but a Teutonic monster, with straight nose, fair moustache, and pointed beard. Before this foreign idol, teacups hiss and fuzees burn by night and day. China Town is running over San Francisco, spreading to east and west, to north and . south.: The Asiatics have seized a good -part of Dupont-street and Keamey-sfreer, swarmed into Pine-street, invaded Stockton and Pacific streets, and got their feet in Califor-. ilia-street. Some houses in these streets are owned by Mongolians. When Asiatics get their feet imide a door they drive the Europeans out. : A European cannot stand the fume and stench, the dirt and din. Thus, shop by shop and street by street thny crawl along-, a swarm of clean and unclean things, so oddly mixed that white men shrink from them in fear and wrath as from a company of leper?. No white man Iike9 to sleep under the same roof with a yellow man ; no white woman likes to pass through Jackson-street. A rookerv and a cesspool drive off decent • folk. • •• Let 11s drop into some of those houses, no fear of lepers in our hearty and see these .Asiatics:in their homes.. Not far from Lock Sin's tea-house stands a big edifice, first used as the Globe Hotel; a house four storeys high above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms enough for fifty guests. Including vaults and attics there may be fifty rooms in all. Surrounded by the Chinese rookory, this Globe Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let to Lee Si Tut, a rich Chinese, who relets his apartments to Chinese residents of the better olaBs—to shopmen, waiters, clerks, and agents. Lee Si Tut takes cave to have no tenant of bad repute, A thief, a rag-picker, a- night-prowler cannot hire a bed in his hotel. No painted women pass his door. ,: Tan and other lawless games "are forbidden. No wrangling or fighting is allowed within the house.. So far-as order can be made by rules, order is said to reign among Lee Si Tut's tenants; and the Globe Hotel in Jackson- street may be TegaTded as the royal khan and summer-palace of the Chinese empire in America. •'"'•.! Pass on. 0, Lee Si Tut! A sickening odour greets your nostrils on his steps. A reek comes out of every door, and dirt lies heaped on every landing-stage. The dust of : years encrusts his window-panes. Compared with:this Globe Hotel, under Lee Si Tut, a" •Turkish oj Spanish prison is a desert place. The banistersdrip; the passages sweat. A black and fetid: slime runs- down the walls. : And then what press and multitude of tenants on the stairs and in the roojis 1 Men swarm at every door, and crowd down ever stage ; each-pale and melancholy wretch vomiting: his narcotic poison in your face. A nameless horrorseems to brood-in every corner of the house, for out of every corner glare the \- ;»pectral eyes of. beings fevered by tan, and. stupfied witjj drugs. Each room, arranged for the accommodation of a single guest, is either parted into : six or-seven sections by- a -string of mats, or shelved in tiers all round the walls. Shelves . ate piefeiredj since no one CSTOS to pay for . privacy:; and a room that will only sleep six .- or Beven in sections may be got to sleep a dozen on shelves. From vault to attur,~eaeh . room is foul with smoke and black with dirt, . , and choked with men. • No less than fifteen hundred ghastly : • creatures find a lodging day, and night in this Chinese paradise I ' Rooms crowded and unwholesome I have .seen before—at a' feast at Einsiedeln, a madhouse in. Naples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool," a barrack on the Nile—but nowhere . have I- seen bnman creatures packed and crushed as these tenants of the Globe Hotel -are packed and crushed. Lee Si Tut lets bis house he says' toieight hundred tenants '-• ;which would give him, in a bouse of sixty rooms, including cellar and lofts, thirteen ten ants-to each chamber; bnt the rascals cheat him, he alleges, -out. of half his rent, ibysubletting their shelveg tomen who occupy ' 4hem only.half the day. Inquiry shows me that this story of Bub-letting and dividing >theroom isstriotly true. Ei Wgoklets his shelf to Li Hp; Ki Wgok using his sliel f for : twelve hours, and giving it up to Li Ho for the other twelve hours. In some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each twenty-fours-—Bight hours ap'ece. - Yet thosB who lodge in this hotel live in a light and roomy palace by the side of those who live in the labyrinth of courts and styesj yards and entries, lying round Bartlett-alley. Here some of the white settlers in/San Francisoo threw up their -hives. : The ground is undrained. The log shanties were; run up hastily and . cheaply ; and in these fever-haiinted hovels, rotten with age, putrid with filthy overrun with vermin, the Mongolians make their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into eaves, they burrow in the earth; In holes unfit for dogs you may discover ten or twelve wasted creatures. .sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke theniT selves into the opium-dreamer's paradise. Worse still, if in the "lowest depth." there can be a "deeper still," is the thieves' quarter; a district running in and out of more respectable quarters with a rare indifference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your ramble in his purlieus should be made at night. : All round Bartlett-alley lie the thieves' wards and cribs-; foul attics, falling balconies, underground kennels; with a few spikes of joss-wood burning at every door. Bags rot on the ground .and garbage poisons the air. Slush squirts at you from under every "plank, and where the planks fail you the earth appears to be a running sore.' Sag-shops and receiving-houses hide in old pits and hollows trader the plank floors. In all these damp and loathesome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in the filth, their pale and ghastly faces rendered visible by the flicker of a reeking lamp. Pah ! Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, and desperation glowers from every Mongol face. In passing from yard to yard you catch the slam of doors, the shoot of bolts, and feel by instinct that every ruffian Behind these planks alarmed by strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead of night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike or rifle poised to fire. " Open the dborl" cries our guide, in a peremptory tone, stepping in front of a log cabin. " Open the door! " " You foolee me ? You foolee me ? " " No, no. Open the door! " The voice is recognised within ; the door is slowly opened, and you peep into the crib— a cupboard as to size, but occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor; but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we are repulsed. To the inquiry, "how? you foolee me?" we answer as before, '' no, no ; " but, instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside. /" Go; you foolee me! " cries a voice, accompanied by the click of a rifle. " Dip and slide," whispers our companion, and we instantly dip and slide. In Stout's-alley, and in the yards -around this sink of squalor , and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers— the female slaves. Let us get out into the open street 1 "You have now seen a little of our Chinese quarter," says "my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea-house about two o'clock, and: order a refreshing cup. " What you have seen, in San Frariciseo you may see in Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose, -and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot, he builds a China "Town, and people's it with harlots, criminals,. and slaves. We get some very cheap labor, and our financiers say thty need cheap labor 'to develope the country.^ What think you of the price we pay for our> development?" :. ; While we are sipping tea on Loci Sin's balcony, a yell comes up from the street below. AChinesefightison. AhEing, aChinese scamp, is employed by the city officers, and in the slang of his Asiatic country such a spy is called a ghost. Of late the ghost has been too busy, his celestial countrymen think, even for a paid spy; and two Asiatics who have just come out of jail are setting on him, one moon-face with a hatchet, the second moon-face with a knife. From every doorin the street swarms out a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and drop along the flags. ~ . - . " Excuse me," says : my escort, and before I can reply, he is gone from my side. King vanishes—like a ghost. Moon-face with the knife escapes, just as my escort sweeps into the murderous circle; but the fellow with the hatchet is arrested on the spot and carried to the city ward. ! His weapon, when examined, proves to be a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that in ,case of a fatal plunge the blood might have been at once removed and the stainless knife replaced under the white smock, : as clean and innocent in appearance as the softreyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neighbor's heart! ,: 