ROME V. JERUSALEM. Two very significant words. The cities thus named have exercised a great influ ence for good and evil an the destinies of the world 'and the kingdom of God. The history of either of these twoplaces'is a shattered one, . and ia characterised by; the most striking contrasts. They "for some time went .each her own; .way, arid; when brought into contact they never flourished together. Rome and Jerusalem are anti podes in a religious sense of the word, and the prosperity of the one is the overthrow of the other. Jerusalem and Rome both;, in a special manner, engage the attention and call forth sympathy in the hearts of many, and whilst not a :few take pleasure in the . dust of the capital of the Holy Land, a great multitude admire the; splen dour and pageantry of the residence of the Pope-King; Rome is only beginning to to taste the judgments of God, which will surely come upon her. Jerusalem ' is trod den down, but has the promise— which cannot fail' — that it:shall rise, and shinei; when her light cometh. Whosoever, therefore, wishes rightly to read" the signs of the times and justly to value passing events, must follow with a watchful eye what is going on in the place God Once chose as His dwelling-place— and the calling and gifts of God .are withr out repentance — and' in the city which the flatterers she has made drunken like to call " the Eternal City." The Pope who calls himself Holy Father, blasphemously arrogating to himself the title the Son gave to the Father when He asked Him to keep, through His own name, those whom He had given Him (John xvii. 11). And as it dishonours the Father, so Popery dishonours the Son, for the Pope pretends to be not only Chiist's Vicar, but the in fallible head of the whole Church — yea, to be High Priest and King, as He alone was'to be who. is by: God's' oath a High Priest after the order of Melchizedek. The Papacy dishonours the Holy Spirit ; for she makes the authority and interpre tation of the Scriptures to depend on the. testimony of the Church, instead of that of the Holy Spirit. Thus she detracts from the glory of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost by ascribing to the Pope and the Romish Church what is due to the Triune Jehovah. In the Times, on the day of the first meeting of the (Ecumenical Council, an article is inserted, " The Crisis of the1 Church of Rome," and the writer states as follows According to the Ultramon tane journals, the Pope 'cannot err in faith and morals;' ' When the Pope thinks/ it is God that thinks in him.' ' Hh is my God, and I will glorify him;' The name of ' Pius,' is in one well-known Latin hymn substituted for 'Deus,' and the beautiful Pentecostal Hymn to the Holy Spirit is addressed directly to 'Pie Neuf Souverain Pontife,' ' He has the words of eternal life,' His. word is truth. ... , The churches of Dalmatia, we are assured, ex press their agreement with the Ultramon tane dogma by their innocent persuasion that the Pope is continually receiving letters, direct from heaven', brought thence by a dove flying to and from Rome for that purpose. This is a specimen of Romish blasphemy and superstition, i Popery is a complete perversion of the Scriptures, partly by teaching doctrines and practices which the Word of God does net only, not sanction, but most positively condemns, partly by separating what God has united and uniting what God has separated; and painting with deceitful; colours even when she pretends to take the Word of God as her rule. Rome arrogates to herself the place which God has destined for Jerusalem, and is of necessity compelled to give to Christianity a heathenish instead of an Israelitish foundation. We do not hesitate to assert that Rome is an exact copy, of Babylon in more than one sense, and that the more the two, Rome and Babylon, are compared in their doctrines and worship, the' more they are found to agree. Rome is Babylon revived, bo to speak, an enlarged second edition of ancient Babylon ; and as she acts like Babylon of old, it is but right that Bhe should bear that name, and share the fate of that city, to which God never gave a promise. For this is characteristic, of the different relation in which ; Babylon and Jerusalem stand to the Lord. Baby lon rises very high, and she is greatly exalted, but then her very exaltation be comes her ruin ; for she provokes thereby the anger of God, who visits her in His wrath. God's judgments come over her, lay her low, and she never has a promise to be raised again. Jerusalem, on the other hand, is trodden down, and on account, of her guilt she is severely punished,, arid for a time given over to the violent and cruel oppression of her enemies ; but she is not cast off for ever, and in her deepest humiliation and greatest wretchedness she has the promise that God will not forsake her for ever, but rebuild her waste places andv make her a' praise Among the nations. Jerusalem is treated like. ,a child, and Babylon like a slave. The child many a time provokes the father's anger, and the fatter feels the wrong done by his child more than, that committed by a stranger. He'.miwf punish the child for its own and for his honour's sake. He may not allow the! child to go on in wickedness, lest it should loose the love of the father, and destroy itself for ever.' ' But for all that, it ',1s, his child, and he grieves over the guilt,' and it causes hiiri pain to punish his offspring. Hence; no1 sooner does the child return than he sees it from afar, eirifiraces, kisses, and restores it to the father's house . and heart. Not so the slave! Tie master of the house may employ the slave tovcKastise his own child, and he may allow or even instruct the slave to punish it severely; but.no sooner does the slave forget that he is but a blave, no sooner does he overstep the orders of the master, no sooner does he abuse the power given him, arid exalt himself above the child, than he is made to feel that he is nothing ' but an instrument, a wretched slave; whilst the child, when chastised, never ceases to be the beloved of the father. Compare all the passages of Scripture where the enemies of Israel, and more especially Babylon, are arrayed against Jerusalem, and you will find that they, fully bear out the statement just made. Hence, no one can doubt whose the future will be. It cannot be -with ..Babylon, that has no promise ; it must be ' Jerusalem, against which never a threat- ning is uttered, that is not followed By a glorious promise. ' Rome occupies the place of Babylon, and is of necessity the bitter enemy of Jerusalem. She has done all in her power to estrange the Jews from the Gospel, not only by persecuting and maligning them, but by presenting unto them Christianity in such ,a form that they could not possibly recognise in it the fulfilment of the pro mise given to their fathers. And most assuredly the blood shed, and the souls of many of Israel's sons and daughters will be required of the new Babylon, the mystery of ungodliness, the city on the seven liills. It is, therefore, incumbent on us to testify agrinst her iniquities. 