Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. ALMOST the first' business of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday last was to read, a third time, two of the Treasurer's masterpisces,the great penny rice bill and the bill for the en- great penny couragement' otmojftgagu, which were then sent ,on to the I*egialatiye Council for their enlighten ment m to what eaa bo originated by c gnat finaindir. Next, Mr. Dickaon moved thi second reading of the Navigation BiU, a little thing of a hundred and ttj»mf_t ofousss, of prhich, by way of firing' thi Houm a complete undemtaading v tp Vfhif H wu all ibout, he explained threi. 1 Tnjp 'j^erest' e-Uilbited, -ftjia .'not vivid, -jhe Treasurer, would snroelj ban. reodved fon attsntioa had he sung "A Ufe on the eeaaa wave," nor oould such a piew of vocilintfob have thinned the House touch more, ]fr< BaU, as ex-Tmaurer on the Opposition aide, fofc bound to ny something or ether, aad admftted thi* m regai-en' navigation be wm aU at tea, but be, f uppoaed it waa •aU fight Mr. Griffith, who knows all about navigation, in oonsequenm of having oon made 4 voysge to Sydney oven land, guarahteid that everything was ahip-ahaps, and as po land-lubber ventured a remark, ahot proved.'1; • The Attorney-Ginsral than mived ths Houss Into committee to ooasider his Uttle mnstara foy appoiatiag somebody at £700 a-ysar to rettarn him of some of his work, but to be entirely under Us thumb,'snd st the same time to gin him the title of Minister for Justice. Two of a trade addom agree, end Mr. Thompson instantly auggssted that Mr. Griffith would have to tread oyer hia mangled oorpu before be attained hii ; object H a Grand %tury wm to be appointed bs must bs respoodbls to tin Hooee, and engsgi ia no private practice. Besides, be tppst be a b»Wye#. , Mr. GriAth pointed' out, is If It Wen a oott olprive answer, thst •be .might, aoeording to'the bill, be a lawyer, aad thought that if be wen engaged alio aa prosecutor, Inatead of aUoWin^* bim private practice, he would develop into a bloodthirsty monomsmae, thinking of nothing but getting people oenvioted. However,, a majority voted to create an independent offldd with a porition and salary equal to that oik judge, and the Attorney-General intimated that if he oouldn't have hia own way, he wouldn't go on with the MIL Aa a majority of the Houn disagreed with hia viewa, they muat be wrong. On thia Mr. Palmer eompmneoted him on hia foresight, v having perceived that the next amendment would have been to out off hia own private practice and extra team aa Attorney-General. To which Mr. Griffith re* aponded that he regarded fen m vanity, aad wm supremely indifferent to money. Bnt he thmw up the bilL The Houm thn went in for the aUotment of the £100,000 act down for roods on tbe Loan Estimates, when Mr. King wanted to know why the Government had not commenoed with the nilway items, bat Mr. Palmer eaid tLe Go. vernment could commence where they pleased, and then couldn't imagine how they expect to get them paaaed v they were. He vowed the Premier had adjusted the amounts himself ao v to reward supporters and discredit opponents, instead of letting tbem be framed by the officera of the PubUc Works Department, v wu uauaUy done He got up quite a breese, snd wanted the Premier to produoe the origind draft Mr. Thorn offered to ahow it to him next day. Anyhow, he said there wu a oonaiderable aum down for Rockhampton, at which membera laughed, plainly regarding that v a bid for that electorate to be good and throw over Busaoott He tried to pacify Mr. Palmer by reprneatjng that he polled lots ol votes in 80-Ahamptou, but he didb't auooeid, v Mr. Palmer obdurately re marked that that town wasn't even in his electo rate, and wanted the name of the offioer who had prepared than estimates, if Mr. Thorn did not, so that he might have him dismissed. Mr. M'llwreith oomplained that auffident wu not allotted to his district, and after hia aolo all the ether memben aang the same air one after the other; even Mr. Johnston, oomplsining about bribery being mentioned with reapect to electo rates ntuming Government supporters, v his hsd not got enough either. Mr. Macrotean beoame horribly minute in hia enquirin uto who bad really framed thne ntimatea, and Mr. Thorn had to own up that he had cut down thoee furnished by the offioen of his department for the North Mr. Douglu played at pretending to be frightened at the way memben wen showing their teeth, but had to Inve the Pre* mier to his fate. The latter got off by a mos^ extraordinary chanoe. All on a sudden Mn Palmer went in for making terma for himnl^ and letting hia supporton elide. He undertook to whip them off if Mr. Thorn would promiai him £2500 dowp for the Port Curtis people, and the Premier haggled, offering £2000. But Mr. M'llwraith wu not to be sold like that, and insisted that he must have a finger in the pie, and then Mr. Ivory caught the idee, snd alao wanted huah-money. By this time sll the Opposition had caught the alarm, and Mr. De Satge* suggnted that they ahould have £10,000 among them, whioh the Premier aeemed to oonsider v getting off cheaply, and agreed to, much to thi horror of Mr. Busaoott, who wanted to know when the oonetitutional prindple oame in. Everybody having hia mouth full of sop thera was ao responn, and the House adjourned to permit of digestion. On Wednesday the Council mustered to the number of sivsatsn, and wsn favored by thi production of Mr. Dickson's two gnat bills on rice and mortgages, whioh wen read a first time, aad will tea the eaorgks of memben next Wed assday,wh* they wffl be dismissed. Tbe bill to mske Omnesi pay m_fta fees and behave them aelvea, on the goldfields wm read a aeoond, thnm, io spite of the edbrts of five memben to throw it out Mk. Murray Prior wm favorable to kick* Ing" it oat, Sn exsridn for which he appean te ban a strong teste. A sseond reading of the Telegraph Amendment Ant Ailed the msaaere ok members' activity, sad thsy separated. ' - tn the Assembly, Mr. Johnstone gay* aotfoe tint be would squeese £1200 for a steam pant at Bulimba Ferry out of the Government if he ebfcty. Buk thi.reel buaiasn was thi Land , 801, ai whioh'., memben settled down to work m if tkmy meant busman, Mr. Pechey npsniallj sdilisnoil W*r*mlf to it, like a giant very mnoh refreshed. He mads aome lengthy but rather vague rema-rty aot ia ths least pointed, like the ghost ol Hamlet, senior, he did a tale unfold. It wm his coat tall, aad Mr. Foote pulled film down by it After tea his spirits had risen high, nearly to him throat "Oh, sleep, it U a gentle thing Ij* m Coleridge mys. Mr. Pechey went in for a shan of the "gentle thing," and on a division 00-mrria&wMlnssorible.; As Mr. Peehey seldom haeeeibfo, it is straage that aay particular notice should have beea taken of thia foot But thi tellers omitted to reckon him with the syes, and Mr. Macron an oomplained that ao important a member ahould have bean passed ovsr. Hen wm a gentleman of Intelligence snd reputation so remarkable that the deoton of Aubigny bad considered themadvn honored in enuring bim v their representative in tbe Parliament of the oolony, and hia vote on a aubjeot deeply affecting that constituency had not been taken into ao oount Mr. Pechey maintained a philosophic die. ngard of the remarks affecting him, and eon* tinned to dumber like a lovdy and innocent hi* font Mr. Morehead appeared touched at the epectade, and aent the meuenger for a pillow fot the sweet simper. The tellen were reproached for omitting to take so influential and interesting a member's vote into aooount They had nothing to offer in eaean exnpt the peltry suggestion thst Mr. Pec-bey's vote could hardly be counted, m no one oould judge how he would Uke it to go. The foot ol a high-bred gentleman choosing a particular bench to snore upon could aoaroely be accepted v conclusive evidence of bis nnti* ments with regard to a debate which he bad not heard, and a question of which he bad no oon* edou-mesa. As tbe Courier* t nport put it, Mr. Pechey still maintained hia serene unconadoua neaa, and ''refrained from taking any part in tbe dbcusriona." The tellers had to give way, and record hia "vote" on behalf of the ayes. He wu the cynosure of aU ayes. The Houn went on with the Lsnd Aot without any frothing, and by- aad-by Mr. Pechey aroused bimself from balmy sleep aad made bis way out with a solemn air of aelf-approvd which, v resulting from utter unoonadonsnen that be had been the hero of a long discussion, and had achieved fame while he slept, wm intensdy diverting. When the clean fixing the prioe of lsnds came on oomplicetioM thnateoed, and Mr. Palmer aoggested adjoonuasnt ao tha* the Houm might comefrn^^^i^by^^lji^ it plenty of time. The Premier consented, but wm lugu brious over the slow rate cf progress, and made a moving appeal to Mr. Palmer to give another day weekly for Government business, which otherwiae would take eighteen montha for ite disposal. Mr. Palmer befog aaked for bread offered a stone, and. would make one to attend on Fridays. Thursday wu a fidd-dey with the Lotda. They went into oommittee on the Qoldfidda Amendment BUI, aad atruok out the clause pro hibiting Chinne from working on anf goldfield tfll a oertain period after ifopi-oclajmation. A^ao, Mr. Gregory objected to one joitios being sufficient to punish tisne peoptouader the Act, and carried an amendment m*ddng tt'ajtthor a .warden or two,'|uir^ces^ ' TJ*','Telegraphic Msaeagn Aot—one dauu and a preamble maa not too much' for ihe ConnoU,1 evenl after the f ongoing. They had' a Uvely thne over the pre* arable, biit the liill, got .through by the akpi of ite teeth. •• : ■»■<. ■ The Assembly on opentafc Was nik graced With the preeenoa of Mr.'Psdbi»y^ ilir did that distin guished gentle-nan make his appearaaoe during the sitting.. An bnpreaatcn prevailed that he wu sober, and had nruplea about presenting himtelf in that oondition. The first froth worked up wm when Mr. Macroesan's. motion lor a, sum for a bridge orer the Burdekin oame on. The Pre mier vowed he had a detailed estimate v' to the cost snd it wm ' much hi exbsas of. the £75,000 uked by Mr. MacrbaaaV. The estimate wu from the railway engineer. Mr. M'llwraith enquired if the' ntibtete ma* comprised in a telegram shown ,'to him, akd being answered that it wm, managed 'tb get tbat docu ment from Mr. Thorn, and read it to the House, when it wm .ahown that all it contained Was that the river was 4050 fort wub above flood fovel, tbit iron pier a would cost aO much, girders co muoh, and approaches ao much.' B^bem. mem* ben made fun of this m a detailed estimate, and the Premier declared he had mon at his officii, bit oouldn't induos Mr. Palmer to believe it It did seem strange that if he had detafyd eatimatea at his office be ahould have been at the trauMi jof wiring for so very sketchy an utiinate to be Sent by telegrsph, and ahould baveproduoed it in prefenbce tolhe fuller ones. Altogether things Wire m*t-devsry warm about estimates of dl kinds, hut for pro poaed railwaya eaneciall/; fmd after tea, on Mr. Maoroaoan asking if the Pemior really oould pro* don the detailed eatimatea he blew About, that peneoated dignitary ettempted to esOepehjr a ___ movement Ia this endear dar ho gotiato a dreadful dtifaata-. The fake Wu pretty gbod. He fancied he could can— ths wn into the enemy's country, and thought to ereete a divenioa by a desperate steoke at Mr. M'llwraith, whom ha aosusea si befog a immtnm ol Msssrs. Ovannd_- He might te Well have E taped the haadka of a tremendous *****one ttery, for hs wM w fixed immediately tint •hi could not eaoape. ths ooaasquaaass, aad wm eompaUad to execute soma agoassii wriggHags. Mr. M'llwrntb me and de* maadedhia authority ia thefia-raert teans. The Pnmierol theeokay stated tbat be ande the statement on the strength ol tutnmt aad ptteata > listen. Of coune nothing from thai moment exieted to prevent anyone wbo ebon snatag a sort ol Parliamentary Aaat Ba% of Wm. Every msnbsr ol the Oppeehin nW the gorgeous opportunity, sad anuaMdi stfoadid dignity of deennMr while they stalked over the careen ol the Praniar. His> very uuUiaMin nmeined fore long time stapified aniaeasllsd M has awful Jaasto, aad ate ilim lining while member after member Wind him il a high moral and aodal tone, Mr. Griffith «ru the fint to ratty. He tiutenht tite charge a trifle. SuppceeMr.M'nwraithsfoiplydeated it aow, it would be all right Bat Mr. M'flwrarth intimated that that style of misting ssrious aod disgraceful chargM (sneh m getting up a bogus eompeny for the benefit ol a want—g au-pporter, for instanoe, wm probably hi Ua asfed) h* a dmple demal wm aot in his Hue.' The | ooune approved by tke Attemsv*GiMnl he regarded v a degradatrion. He weald require dther an apology or a seanhiag Inquiry I Mr. Thorn aaid the rumors wen well kaowa I to Mesara Thompson aad Foote, but got Httie comfort then, as tbe fint told bim he needn't roar and get red in the face, for he (Mr. Thomp son) knew nothing of the sort indicated by the Premier; while Mr. Foote gave an equally fardble denial, and paid Mr. Thorn the weu meant but dubious compliment of saying that.be wm not surprised at his conduct, for no Premier bad aver been treated with the lack of respect that he had suffered. At which Oppoti tion memben cried heart heart Then the unhappy Premier eaid, with a ghastly attempt to auume the r*U ot granting a favor, tbat he wu willing to accept Mr. M'llwraith'B deniaL But he wu floored again by tbat gentiemaa dryly remarking that fan had never offend any deniaL So the unlucky hfed of tbe Government had to go on hia knees and ny that" hs had never aaid anything againat the bon. msmbsr for Maranoa, and didn't believe the rumore he had mentioned had any truth in tbem.". Mr. Doughs immediately arose and improved upon thia apeeeh and ornamented it, and regretted, and wu happy, and generally did hia bnt to throw a rosy mist over the whole business, snd tbe Pre mier got up again and apologised aome more after that encouragement Then, and not tfll then, Mr. M'llwnith atated to the Houn that he never bad any communication or connection with the Messrs. Overend, aod acarody knew them or any one connected with them. In abort, gave a categorical denial to the Premier'a atate ment from every poaaible point of view. That proved to have been froth enough for oae night Thb name Charlu Edwin Bonner, mentioaed in the nport of Thursday's pio-oadhan of the Supreme Court, in page 22 ol this issue, should bs Thornm Edwia Boaaey. 