WESLEYAN LOCAL PREACHERS' ASSOCIATION. A meeting - to establish: a local preachers1 . association iff Connections with the Wesleyan ' denontinatioAin South Australia was held in the Wesleyan Lecture-hall,' Pirie^street, on Tuesday evening, November 14. There were about' 50 gentlemen present, and the Kev. W;P. Wells-president of *the Wesleyan Con ference) was in the chair. ^The ' Revs.; S. Knight, H. T; Burgess, J. 'Nicholson/ J. B. Stephenson, and C. Newman were also present. ? Mr. James 'Scott, J.P. {chairman of the pttjvisidrial committee) said-^BietJiren; allow i me in a' few brief sentences to describe our present situation. ' You' are all aware that the desirableness of forming a local ^preachers' '- aeBOciation has been the subject df converse -' among us very generally, tt hasiDfeen-diseussed '' in;th©4»ages'of the- MaMdisl -Jiknictl^ and; ' several of onr Local preachers' '^meetahgB have' taken action in the matter with ayiew to pro- J n*oie:thiBr object. It *vas necessary that the initiative ^houldcbe taken by sdme one circuit ; so it appeared natural that' the Adelaide First Circmtshouldileadin theinatter; Accdrdingly a few of the- brethren, residing In the rcity- cir- ; cuits came together, and the ^resuit-»f th'eit ' consultations .^t the issuingof ^he-circular in response to which youhave come together. It was deei4eA-^Cq-iejjan'd' a gracefullliiing,: aid investing the association' j-ith a true con nexional character, 16 invite the president of the conference to preside over pur first meet ing. ^'Thejjev. Mr. Wells Is present, and kindly consents* to meet this wish, besides engaging to = address us in the church and. administer the Communion of the Jjord's Sapper. to, us.' And now, brethren, our self-imposed functions are at . an end, and w.e' resolve the whole matter into your hands, trusting that you are satisfied with our action, and that it will eventuate' in an institution meeting the wishes of the brethren generally. (Applause.) : The-CHAiEMAN'said he was very pleased to be in the position of chairman that afternoon. Between the Wesleyan local preachers and ministers, throughout the colony there existed a most fraternal and intimate union. (Ap plause.) It gave him the greatest pleasure to see- so many distant circuits repre sented in the present meeting, and he tlioughu , the . attendance conclusively showed the interest local preachers felt in the matter. He presumed that the; chief object expected to be attained by union was strength, and in the, , church in this colony there seemed to be a great desire that they should unite. Union was every where very much in favor at the present tune. In .England he believed there was a de sire on the part of high churchmen to amalgamate with their church, the Weslevan Methodists : but the points of dissidence were so great, that in his opinion such: a union was impracticable. He was glad to see, however, that they were desirous of having co-operation among the local preachers, and he trusted that the association would prove » very useful body. (Applause.) Mr. T- Hack moved—' That a LocalPreachers5 Association in South Australia be now formed.' Such an association would, it -was believed, secure greater union among the local preachers, and would be effectual in greatly promoting the work.,of-the church in this colony. Local preachers 'were at the present time animated by a spirit of sympathy with the ministers, and he believed such an association as was now pro posed would help towards strengthening those bands of union.. It was designed to extend the association to Western Australia, as well as. throughout this colony, so that local preachers in. that province might enjoy, tb» bshents of union. The association would help towards ' removing the prejudice commonly existing against local preachers, and it would also afford to young men bet-tec facilities for im proving their religious education. He thought that the ministers miglrt also give some of the local preachers' a little theological training. (Hear, hear.) - - ..'...- . . _ Mr. James Pearce, j,p'., seconded the motion, remarking that although the organization Jof the Wesleyan Church was almost -perfect^ the association would nevertheless prove a bene ficial addition to the church. TM association was'/not proposed in' opposition to -existing ar rangements, but they believed it would prpve a great help to local preachers, would inakethem stronger in God, and would result in effecting a ' larger amount of good:' For years past the local preachers had been continually expressing the desire that some better organization might be formed; so that not only would greater union be secured, but that the junioi-preachers might have such assistance as should be found necessary. There were now between 300 and 400 local preachers in the colony, and these men made up the largest body in the church, with the excep tion of members. Consequently any change which might be made in the present system should be well and carefully considered. Com plaints had been made as to the inefficiency and the want of culture on the part of the local preachers, and certainly there might' be an im provement in this respect, but the local preachers were 6elf-denying men, whose^labors were ar duous, and whose work had been very benefi cial. Sometimes they were told that the time . for local preachers had passed, and that some better organizations should 1-e designed to sup- ' ply- their place. Faults with the singing and general mode .of worship at services conducted bj local preachers, and local preachers had been subjected to muck annoyance in other respects. A discontented feeling was very general. Ho was told some time ago by a brother that he had been injured in his commercial standing in consequence of being a local preacher, and. that he (Mr. Pearce) had bj- force of character at tained his position not through being a local preacher, but in spite of it. Another gentle man informed him that he did not care to go into some society, because lie felt that the fact of his being a local preacher was con sidered in his disfavor, and a third local preacher told him that as his services were ap preciated, no longer he was willing to give up. He thought as local preachers; they owed a duty to God, and he lioped they would continue to do it. When there was such a state of things as this it was time for his brethren to meet together in an association and to consider their serious responsibilities. He held that the es tablishment of snch an association as that pro pesed to be established iras one of the indica tions of the fact that the local preachers were desirous to bring themselves abreast with the times, and to discharge in a still more faithful manner their responsibilities. In intelligence, in education, in integrity, and in perseverance, the status of the local preachers of the present day was fully as good as it was tweaty-fiveyears ago, and the teachers were thoroughly influential and respectable people. Why, then, was $ change necessary? In the ministry they ' had many giants, who were doing a, great work —and be hoped it might ia?J-?afe— Jntf fli-j local preaciiCTs uau a woik to clo equally as importaut;. The local preachers were no.t so intellectually wiee -as. some of their ministers, but they were useful servants nevertheless. They had no time to deal with Darwin's theory ; they. Lad . to contend against the deviPs theory. (Ap plause.) He cordially: seconded the resolution. The Kev. S: Knight said he hoped the reso lution would be carried. It was no' secret for . him to say that the ministers had hailed with satisfaction the proposition' to- establish such an association. (Applause.) : i ? The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. H. C-M-i-, J.P., «aid/as one of the pro iniotersof the association, he might state that their object was that local preachers might help' . each other, and by . every : '. means in their ; power raise their status iu this colony. He i j moved— r' That thei - officers of the asso^- ' ciation consist of a patron, a president-, jtwo vice - presidents, two secretaries, a -' ! treasurer, and a committee of four members, ' ; the officers to be elected by ballot. That the - ; president of 4sbe-«-nf«»enee -Hbe~«# officio the ; patron of the Association. That the. object of ithe association shall. be, to promote fraternal i union and intercourse between the brethren; . to raise ,the standard of efficiency and increase. I usefulness. That the . association . shall meet , : at least once a quarter, whenonie or more papers .. j on subjects bearing upon local preachers' work ??shall b« re*d pd, discussed. Ifcajt tU? sub smpliuu be 5s. per annum.- ThairallprBscherB on ±hp plans of the South Australian Con ference be eligible for membership.' Hebjoped tiiatcot only would the association be formed^ but caCTiedrto its proper issue, fits .constitation - was notrprpppsed, to interfere with' the . polity of the churchif or -whatever might be .said pf the lay preachers ;they -were thoroughly', loyal. (Hear,4iear.) - ... ; r. Mr. W. G.rCooitBS seconded the motion. He . hoped that the association would have theeffect: of etrengliiening the bonds of union among local preachers. (Hear,- hear^) : ?.? The- varion-. claufies -. of . the . motion -. were, separately! discussed,; . It was suggested; that., a relief fund should be formed in connection with ? the association,, but it was eventually decided bythe castings ^vote of the chairman that the matter should; be Jeft: for. future consideration^ It was respivedthat one of the meetings pi. *hev association should; be; regarded as , the .annual/ meeting, and the time when the officers; should' Deselected. : ;, _? . ' . , _- i ;.-;,:' : '! i; . ' jThe.motipnrwasthen carried. ; ?', r :*.:-? .;,-. tThe following ^ofp^ers wererthen ejtectodrt-, President, Mr. James Scott, '- J'J?i5.^ vice-$n:ejaiT!\ d^te, Messrs. Jas. Pearce, ;and,J.; D.-Bone;., secretaries, Messrs.; A. A. Scott and!T.-Haek;;: treasurer, Mr. H. Codd, J.Pi ; committee; $hB;~ .Hori.Ji Carr, and,Messrs-/W; Gr. Coombs, J. D, iHill/andl^angsford. ..r ,-.-,. . - =- -t ???,??.? v . .-?-? IN THE 'EvEJStKQ ' ... -; There was & tea meeting, which was followed \ by a meeting, at which the president (Mr; James ' Scott, J.P.) was in the chair. The Chairman feelingly acknowledged the honor which had been paid to him by those i present in electing him the president of- the association. He. referred to the important work which local preachers were called -upon' to per form: and expressed the hope that the- associa tion would fulfil all the expectations which had been formed concerning it. . (Applause.) ? The KeV.H.T. Bueguss congratulated Mr. S^cott on the. position to which, he had been dected. All the ministers recognised theim-. portance of the association, and in view pf the chairman's long services as a local preacher, he thought 'the association had acted very wisely in electing . Mr. Scott as their president. , (Applause.) ' - . The Chairman briefly replied to the con-, gratulation. Mr. J. Peakce said he was willing to give to., the association several albums, in which, the photographs of local preachers of the Wesleyan denomination throughout the colony might be. placed. (Applause,') ' '.'..'?' A vote of thanks was awarded to the provir ?ional committee for their^ervices. . The Hon. J. Care, M.P.,. read an interesting paper on Methodist local preaching, .and its history from the earliest times. He referred to' the work of ' Wesley's lay preachers,' as they were termed, giving, a slight account of their lives and labors, and pointing out the large number who took up the work in Wesleyjs time.j He then gave an account of Methodist . lay. preaching in succeeding- times, and related many interesting and amusing anecdotes. There were now about 30,000 local preachers engaged' in connection with Evangelical denominations, and the work they weredoing was np-doubt very great and usefuL .- ; , !,'.' '. ' ;7 -r Mr. T. Padman and Mr. JamesPeabgb gave : some interesting . reminiscences . ot. local preachers, and the proceedings closed witfar singing and prayer. -. . , ?? ; C The meetings in connection with the Wesleyan Local Preachers' Association were -continued oil Wednesday, November 3.'5r, / In tWaften!ioo¥ there was ja.lneeting in 4he Lecture Hall-j Pirie-; street, at wtiicfi^Mr'; James Scott, J.P. (Presided*; otthe^ Asspoiation),- was in- the eliair. Their were over 40 gentlemen present, ?:???-?'? : A vote of thanks was, on the motion of Mr, W. G. Coombs, seconded by IVIr. j/S. Gbber, accorded to ;the Hon. J. Carr, M-P-, :for the interesting paper He read before the: asso ciation on the previous evening. -??'-: .T ?; '? ,? Mr. J. D. Bone (vice-president) gave an address on the subject of 'Preaching.1' The' subject was one of-, wide interest and practical importance, and he could only throw out a few hints, with a Tiew ©f opening a discussion. He regarded the question:- as to whether* sermons ? should be preached withoitt manuscript Pt. read as merely one of taste and convenience, which might safely be left: to the preacher. ; The jirieservation in -writing of goo-d .thoughts which might suggest themselves to the mind was, he thought, desirable ; and he. did not think that a preacher should so bind himself to his manu script as not to be able to give expression of some new idea which might come like a direct , inspiration froin God. . The soul was the source and fountain head of all true eloquence, and a preacher should ? not allow a good thought to be lost, simply because he was read ing from manuscript. In their anxiety to support their theological system, it was possible ? to support a scriptural doctrine in an unscrip tural way. Sometimes a passage was not truly: interpreted ; it was bent andtwisted to fit the - preacher's meaning. This practice was by^ no means a good one. He thought their aim should be to find the meaning of the Holy Ghost, ^,nd ? to interpret the passage in its real drift and ooeaning. It was customary at the present time to sneer at what was called advanced thought, ? but he was not quite satisfied with the tone of the pulpit or the tone of the religious press in regard to this question. Should they not do something niorfc for ths out side brethren? With this question another was associated — is the science of theology progressive or a fixture? He thought these points were worthy of very serious considera tion. There was a lack of sympathy which h« deplored to notice between themselves and these outside brethren. Some of these men were as true and real as themselves, and in a solid sense perhaps as religious. Sceptics, to whom he was referring, sheered at them, and their ministers and religious press replied in the same sneering tone. He thought they should exercise a little more charity, and treat such men -with more sympathy. Let them try to understand their positions and to relieve their minds as far as they were able. (Ap plause.) Direct preaching should be striven for, and although they should not always keep to a continual round, of stereotyped truths, their aim should be to elevate their fellow^ beings, and the central truth.of their teaching— Ghrist and Him crucified. They should pray for God to give them His power sin their teach ing. They should strive to show that religion was a living thing, a great reality; and bo to live that their lives -would be an. inexplicable ' mystery, unless looked at on the hypothesis ; that the religion they taught was divine and an eternal truth. (Applause.) i . : A discussion -ensued, in which various opinions were expressed on some of the paints touched upon by Mr. Bone. Dr. WitKiKs'cfo' advocated expository in preference to topical preaching. He did not think they should Mve any sympathy with advanced thought. It was their du*y to preach the Gospel as it was given to the early church. Mr. James Peakce re commended that philosophical questions: — such as the theory of evolution — should be kept out of the pulpit, as they could -only be dealt with briefly in a short- sermon; and the preacher was apt to treat a subject upon which deep thought had been spent in 'a cavalier manner. He agreed with Mr. Bone as to their modeof conduct towards sceptics. They should sympathise with ?' the advanced thinker, not with his thought:1 Dr. STErnEsrs thought local -preachers were called upon.fo defend; the Bible against scientific' at tacks, and he1 was strongly in favpr of giving - themselves an^ education which would enable' them to ' preach- and instruct with greater suc cees. Mr. G. Swan did notrconsider thait they nad to concern themselves with such questions' as - the one whether their fathers were monkeyB, or not. Their duty was' to preach Chfist 'crucified, \ and to bring souls to salvation. Mr. James; ' Twigg said . he had ' tried 'during hig ' expe-i .. rience .as a- local preacher almost every; form plpreaching. Hefoiundthayhi¥ wtitfen; sermons 'were cold and formal, and Ihafc' his preaching without' Manuscript, though .-less correct!; was more 'powerful. Me. Thos.' Wate' said'hedetesited title habit of readirig'-[serme&B;,v'; andhei- eiievedrtna£t tt '-'ha went into a-:hnrchj ' where ^he »i?iis^f { '%a$; readiiij a, jernj,^ |^fr -Bhuuld walk uut again. -(Iingfater): — He-con* - flideredf;that it ¥»«8 wise to commit; some of their best thoughts., to paper, jand to prepare heads and particulBr8^in«pme.caseB, of sermons. He ' was glad j that so far, las ^tdvaaoed thought was concerned he had .never j been troubled^ with it. Such ^trash as Darwin's book he had never read.; .(Laughter.) H* agreed, however, with, Mr, Bone that they should , synai \ pathise with Sceptics, and ;try to, win them, to tiietruth,; If possible they should by a .spirit ofioveandof kindness endeavor ito bring such; men to see and embrace the. grand truths of the gospel. (Applause.) They should not forget their, high calling,, called as they .were tp be. : children pf the living God. Mr. W. G Coombs. said advanced thought ^eemed to be tHe stalk horse of the raftienioon, but he did not. ^Ljnk; ridicule 'would settle tlie ?. question Her should they, deny Bcientific men honesty pf : inten]tipnr Hp tiiought.i^iat.it was their duty as Christians to try to shpwjsnch menhow strong, was the ground of. Christianity ;a'nd hpw weak their own. Science .was, advancirig4 ;butt-'^iey, need:npt£ear that reljgipn. would be left bebiad. ^jje^wordpf Gjad would; shine^head of ^ allotiber: lights in all ages.; (ApBlause;) Mr; As§cc»TT: advocated the reading of sermons, as leading to greater conciseness and clearness. -Witlj regard* . to; advanced ^thought, he -did. not ..ihiak.- tiie: Bible /contained . the:; jWhole revelation :--i' God to. man, on everyo|^uth ; inr the ;,wprid^ He believed that? the enlightenment, of .evefy ; successive age would enable; them to see greater truth in the Bible than was seen now. Let them by all means have- advanced- thought. The attacks on the Bible would only evolve from It greater glory and beauty. .He agreed with' Mr. ; Bone' that 'they' should treat such men sympa ' thetically. They were, as a rule, intelligent men, and 'deserved consideration, 'and if they were not 'sneered at: and ridiculed, would probably -.not sneer . and ridicule in return. Messrs. H. Goss, Hawke, F. B. Letchfield^ . Barndon, and T. Padman, the Hon. J. Carr, and the B.ev. S. Knight also spoke.. : Votes of thanks were awarded to Mr. Bone and to-the press. In the Evening ; a. jEermpn : was preached .by the ? Ber. W. P. Wells (President of the Wesleyan Conference) ? in the Pirie-street Church. There was a , moderate attendance.- ,The ..rev. genileman 1 chose for his text Zechariah iii., 1 to 7, and in ' an eloquent .manner drewan analogy between Joshua and his congregation in their temptings by Satan and their triumph overi sin. A com munion service, took place after the sermon. 