THE RELIGION OF THE KAFIRS. The religion of the Kafirs, like that of all other varieties of " the noble savage," is nothing more than a vile superstition, accompanied by customs of a most debasing character. By this religion woman is degraded to the lowest level, and classed among beasts of burden and the goods and chattels of her masters. Polygamy, of course, is universally allowed, and under the system of purchase which prevails, the number of wives boars proportion to the wealth of the husband. Concubinage is permitted, and no idea of purity or virtue is permitted to exist. Witchcraft is thegreatleading feature of the Kafir religion, and "witch doctors" are its priests. In those places where British influence does not exist a system is regularly carried out, by means of which men with property are sacrificed to the rapacity of the chiefs. A witch doctor amelia out" some person who has caused, or is causing sickness or some evil. Cruel tortures, followed by death, are immediately applied to the unfortunate victim, and his wives and cattle taken from him. This is an everyday occurrence among the Kafirs, and urgent representations are very frequently made to British colonial authorities upon the subject. The Kafirs believe in a Supreme Being but most of their rites are connected with the worship of their deceased ancestors, whose ghosts they endeavour to pro- situate. A spiritualist of the nineteenth century holds a belief something similar, and no doubt could fraternise with these savages on the same " religious platform." Christianity has made no real impression upon them, although the great intelligence and aptitude for learning of the people has been proved at one or two well-conducted Industrial institutions. To use the words of an officer of the Government who spent many years among them, "The Gospel has been preached to them for the last fifty years, and some attempts have been made towards civilising them ; but the Kafirs, nationally considered, remain just as they over were ; no visible difference can be discerned. They are as perfectly heathen now as they were in the days of Vander Kemp (one of the first missionaries, 1708), and so they over will continue so long as their political Government continues to exist in its present pagan form." This extract points to the fact which Sir George Grey thoroughly recognised, and of which the Governments of the colonies and the states of South Africa must be well aware, that unless the power of the witch doctors be destroyed, neither can civilisation progress, security be secured, nor Christianity prosper. The one great means of stirring up strife, fonion ting war, and binding the people to their cruel and infamous religion, is the superstitious belief in the powers and influence of their priests, commonly known as witch doctors. Physically, the Kafir races are particularly fine, stalwart, well-formed, manly, and brave. They are also intelligent, and there are now in and on the borders of the colony a number of Christians among them. 27 Month. 