7 i-'i ? '.' MISOEII/ANEOirS. 'A$ -(f[lK' Worse than Being- on a Jtoy. — Tho Con clave o.f :- Gregory- X. lasted two I years;- during which tho Church of Romo was without aa infallible, head. Clement IV., , tho predocessor of Gregory, died at Viterbo, and tho, cardinals, not being ab'lo to agree upon tho choico of a successor, were preparing to leave tho rtowri,' when St. Bubnaventura, the disciplo of - Bt;_ Francis of AH.si.ssi. 'nersunded tho inhabitants to shut thoir gates, and riot let tho cardinals go till a Pope was mado. Tho peoplo took tho saint's advito, and not only shut the gates of , the town, but set a guard over tho cardinals at . thp.door.i of the palace in which they : mot/ anil informed them that they could not oven Jleavb- ? tho pnlaco until they had -elected their Pope. However, even then the cardinals could. come to no agreement; they wont on from month to month, 'still voting , without . pro'ri. 'ducing the requisite majority, till ono dayjtho Cardinal del Popto exclaimed that tho Holy f Ghost could never como down and inspire thoir choice as long ns thoy had a roof over. their heads. Tho people of Viterbo took, this prq fune joko. seriou3ly, and unroofed the palace. This measure, again, was still ineffectual, and the cardinals, it seemed, would never have arrived at any determination L had thti ? deviop; not been hit upon of diminishing the supplies! of their tables. ..This measuro succeedod. Hunger effected moro than rain or wind had done and Gregory X. was elected. Gregory X^ 'on his election, issued tho Bull that all future (Popes should be elected in conclave — that is, by an assembly of .cardinals 'locked,, up togothor, and subject to specified, restrictions as to diet and attendance until the elpctiqn ,was(over.;-r . 2'Voi)) ~''P«j)af Corn-laves,' in 'tho ?~ComkHl-k:- Magazine.' . . , ... .;.?;. ;,' Tiik Revision.op the PuAYEE-Boof,— ?Irish'iii Churchmen expect., (a Dublin : correspondent writeB):tobo able at the approaching meeting ,' of their gonoral Synod to conclude tho long1' ?( controversy which has raged over tho revision of tho Prayer-book, and to bring about an ul- vft timato result sufficiently favourable to tho ? moderate party to forbid any collision of exttomo sections. This being accomplished, they hope also to doal'with the question of thoir Divinity School (now a part of Trinity Col. lego, and in a temporary and anomalous relation to that institution), as ,to ; which thero is somo difference of opinion between. 'tho clerical and the, collegiate parties, the former assorting, and the latter donying, that tho, sum of. £140,000 received for. , the eolleg_e o t \- advbwsons^is a. fund charged with a responsi- L bility' towards 'the Church, and properly uppli-,- ,.; cubic, at least in part, to the purposqa..,/o|'i.'-: clerical education. Tho junior fellow?,. o£,: j Trinity College maintain thRt it is entirely ,ai secular fund, a part of the property of their .; college, and should bo devoted to stimulate. ... promotion among their number, in tho interest of general education. . This is likely tOiformiT.r ono of tho sharpest subjects of debate in the J Synod. Tho financial schemo of tho newly constructed Church is working reasonably well. The Efficacy op Vaccination; — The fol lowing letter from Dr. Rix, medical officer .of ??'?'? the Bradford Fever Hospital, claims a wide perusal:— 'I think I can say nothing .more'7 convincingly in support of the efficacy. of vac-^- ''? cination in reducing the severity of small-pox^ thari'is contained in the last annual report of -''?' ? this hospital. There it will be seen that the proportion of deaths in the vaccinated is 7.54 percent., as against 4ai45, or nearly 60 per cent, in tho imvaecinated. I am of opinion that, wero vaccination unirorsally and tho roughly performed, small-pox would cease to exist, and death, at all events, would be un known from this disease. AVhat seems to be ignored by some portion of the public is the fact that, although many unvaccinated. cases recover, thoy are subject to a long and danger ous illnosB from a loathsomo disoase, often leavri ' . ing them permanently disfigured, ? whilst the vaccinated suffer littlo or notbiner. are rarelv in danger, aud afterwards Bhowno traces, ofitho ,. disease. A movement in favour of more tho- ; rough vaccination would be one in the right direction.' , VENTrLATiON op Snips. — The Malabar, Bri- ? ,tish troopship, which recontly left Portsmouth for Bombay with tho :21st brigade Royal Artil- '?'? lery, is fitted by Messrs. Moses and Mitchell, of London, with a couple of automatic venti lators. This new system of ventilation is reported to have answered admirably on board the Osbomo ..royal yacht. An air receiver, G foot high and 22 inches in diameter, i3 placed on each side of the ship and connected with -\ pipos 8 inches in diameter. These connecting -?' pipes aro fillod with water, and the principle of; the contrivance is ; simply this : When the vessel rolls at sea, the water rushes to starboard and forms a vacuum in tho port receiver, into : ' - which the foul air of the ship is instantly sucked. On tho return roll the water rushes to port, drives out the air, aud leaveB a vacuum in tho same manner in the starboard receiver; and such is the extremo force with which the foul air of tho ship is expelled, that it is to be used on board the Malabar for the purpose of sound ing a fbg horn which shall, be hoard a mile off. — Scientific American. . . : APabisiav. Actbess' CoStumb.— -The toilet of Mile. Croizette in the ' Etrangero,' at the Comedio, will probably give the tone to the fashions for tho coming season. In tho first act sho wears an evening dress of white gros grained oroam coloured silk, with embroidered flowers 3f the samo colour ; tho bodioo is trim med with a fow whito jet ornamonts. In the. second act her morning dress consists of a body and skirt of emerald green velvet, cut like a riding habit, three rows of grey buttons, ar ranged diagonally, reaohing below the belt ; tho tunic is gray, and set off by small oords of Spanish volvet. In tho third act she wears a walking dress of ruby velvet, with pleated ? satin of tho same colour, the flounces being of., ... vory wido gold braid, and bonnet and veil to' match. In tho last two acts tho dress is a la ,.' , Pompadour, the skirt being of gray silk, deli cately shaded with rose, ornamented with bou (£UUL.1 Ul -IIUWIIO, M11U. bllUilUCU lYlbll ITU1W UUU . pale roso coloured cord. Chinese Fermented Diunks. — The ravages of tho phylloxera among the vines of Franc* ' have incited many attempts to discover a now , ..'. kind of beverage to tako the place of the juice of the grapo. The Marquis de Villoneuve re ports that in China a pseudo wino called Uien-ia is much used, which is concootod from a pre paration of four plants, common in that country, and mixed together in certain proportions.. Tho plants are dried aud powdered, and made' - into a pnsto, which is sold in tho form of ballfl _ ','? or squares at tho rato of about threo penoe a.. ? j pound. Ono squaro or ball will make several . ; pints of a fermented liquor, ploasant to the ', ? taste and much resembling wine, which ia now . .-,.- sought after by Europeans and others living id China. A fictitious brandy is also prepared in the samo way, and tho manufacture is so simple that with a capital of from £5 to £10 to pur- , , chaeo the apparatus, a man may mako twenty-' ._ five gallons of ' brandy ' a day. The Marquis, ' ??' ' addB that tho liquors possess no injurious ? matter. ''..'. New Books.— Among tho new books that ) are shortly expected is a new edition of the lute Canon Kingsloy's 'Alton Locke.' Thais' edition will bo profacod by a memoir of King's^ j . ley from tho pen bi Mr. Thomas Hughes, 'who knows moro intimately and oxaotly than any one living the real facts of Kingsloy's1 associa- ' tion with tho Socialists and of the ' advanced ' ;,' ideas of inVearlier days. Mr. Charles G. Le- ''' land is about to issue another of his philolo- '';.''' gical drollorioB. The mock language employed. '^ . .in. tho ballads will this time bo the corrupted'' :- ?''? 'form of English spoken in China between the foreigners and tho natives, known as 'pigeon English.' Tho volume will be called ' Sing Sing Pid jjen English.' 