.E D r N A . Bir Mtts, HENRY 'WOOD, Authob of 'East Lyxke.' (The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by tbc proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XVIII. — A Dayoehotts Evew. ? He - never .went near that pit of his own free will ! He was lured to its- edge and flung down it ; or he was killed outright and put down there afterwards ?out of the way.' The speaker was Mrs. Bell, who had at last ^assumed thewidow's dress and cap. Her audience ? consisted of -her daughter Rosaline, the Aunt Pellet irom1 r aimoutty Blase Pellet, and two or three of the neighbours. 'The 'aunt and Rosaline had arrived from Falmouth .to attend the funeraL Rosaline, at first, -had . absolutely refused to come; she was afraid, . she said, with mpch tremb ling- and many, latter ? tears, she did not like to look upon the- dead, even though it was her poor ftfher : and she was too ill besides. But John Pellett and his wife over-ruled this ; -they told her it was an ' inmatural state of feeling,' and the aunt, who was ?coming to Trennach herself, brought Rosaline with ?hm, partly by over-persuasion, partly by force. 'Her pls^Of iHness might indeed hare been allowed. Thin, white, w- rn, with a shrinking manner that seemed to be always starting at shadows, Rosaline loaked little like the gay and blooming girl once known to Trennach. Trennach gazed at her with amazed eyes, wondering what Faimouth could have done to her in that short period, or whether the Seven Whistlers, which had so startled her at home, could have followed her to that populous town. Sitting here in her mother's kitchen, her back to the light, her cheek resting 011 lier hand, Rosaline listened in silence to the conversation, two people amid the company especially regarding her — Blase' Pellet and Nancy' Thomson. Nancy openly avowed that she had never seen any young woman so changed in all her life; while Blase Pellet, though mentally acknow ledging the change, was drinking in her wondrous beauty. 'No men living have, as a body, queerer fancies than miners, especially these Cornish miners; and poor - Josiah, though he was not Cornish by birth, as we all know, had his.' pursued Lame Hell, chiefly addressing her sister ; a tall, thin woman, who had arrived fashion ably attired in crape and bombazine, with a veil to her bonnet. Not that she had her bonnet on now, for this was the morning afterwards, and the day of the funeral. 44 There's hardly a man about here that would ven ture close up alone to that shaft at night ; and if you go out and ask 'em one by one, Sarah, you'll find I'm telling you nothing but the truth,' continued the widow, pursuing her argument. ' Since Dan Sandon threw himself headlong in, and was killed, the men won't go near it for fear of seeing him. Neither would Bell. And he'd no more go up to that pit's mouth by liimself at night, I say, than he'd — — ' ' Perhaps he fell down it accidentally, Ann : ' in terrupted Mrs. Pellet. '.I don't say but what he might. If he was on its brink, looking down, or anything of that, lie might have overbalanced himself. But I do say that he was not there alone. I ask what took him to it at all : and I ask who was with him ? ' Pertinent questions, both. Rosaline, chancing to look up, met tlie eyes of Blase Pellet. Each started slightly, as though to look at one another were a crime. ' Let us put it down as being an accident, for argu ment's sake,' urged the widow. 'Why didn't the other man (or men) give an alarm ? Why didn't he (or they) come running away from the pit and say, poor Bell has fallen down the shaft, and what's to be done ? Come : can any of you answer me that ? ' ' Well, it stands to reason that that's what anybody would do,' observed Mrs. Pellet. ' But who was it that was with him ?' 'There ain't one o* the men owns to it,' putin Nancy Thomson. ' What should have took 'em up to that ere ghastly shaft at night, they ask, or Bell either?' 'No not one owns to it; and, as far as I can see, there was nothing to take 'em,' assented Mrs. Bell. ' Therefore I say it was no accident. Bell was just carried there, dead or alive, as might he, and put away out o' sight.' ' What shall you do about it?' asked Mrs. Pellet, in a scared tone. ' What can I do but wait? Wait till something turns up ' 'If it never does turn up ?' ' But it will,' confidently asserted Dame Bell. ' So say I,' spoke Nancy Thomson. ' When once a thing o' this kind is led up to by dreams, it won't stop at the beginning. They dreams is strange indexes sometimes, and Mr. Blase Pellet there didn't have his for nothing. Without that dream, the poor man might just ha' laid where he was, unsuspected for ever.' Mr. Blase Pellet, listening to this, shot a glance of intense aggravation at the speaker. Rosaline looked up at him. It was a steady gaze this time ; and one that betrayed unqualified contempt. 'Was it a very bad dream?' asked his relative from Falmouth, this being the first opportunity she had to question Blase upon the subject. ' Bad enough,' shortly replied Pellet. And, with the words, he made a sudden detour to the front door, and took up his standing outside in the sunshine. The movement led to a general dispersion. Nancy Thomson and the other neighbours departed ; Mrs. Pellet went upstairs; Dame Bell passed into the back kitchen to see about their own 'and her lodgers' dinner ; for the ordinary' day's work must go on even at funeral times ; and Rosaline stayed in the room alone. ' I am very sorry I had that dream.' Lifting her eyes, which had been buried in her hand, Rosaline saw the speaker beside her — Blase Pellet ' So am I,' she shortly answered in a significant tone, that' certainly gave him no encouragemeilt to proceed. ' And still iw'ie sorry that I spoke of it abroad, Rosaline. For I see that it is giving you pain.' 44 Pain ! ' she ejaculated, a whole world of anguish in her tone. Ay, and ef resentment also. ' But it shall be the chief endeavour of my life to atone to you for it, Rosaline. My best care, my truest love, shall be devoted to you. Daily and hourly ? ' 'Be quiet, Blase,' she interrupted, the spirit in her eye, the hot flush upon her cheek, rendering her for the moment almost more than beautiful. ' We will understand one another at once, and finally. To talk of such a thing as 4 love,' or * care,' to me is worse than useless. My path lies one way, yours lies an other : it will not be my fault if they ever cross each other again.' 44 You do not mean this ?' he said, after a pause. 44 1 do mean it. I used to mean it : as you know. I s-all mean it always.' W ith a quick movement, she evaded his outstretched hand, that would haye sought to detain her, and ran up the -stairs, leaving Mr. Blase Pellet uncommenly discomfited ; but not as much so as a less hopeful swain would have been. 44 It was a little too soon to speak,' reasoned he with himself. 44 1 must wait a while.' ? * * *- * * Of all the scenes connected with Bell's disappear ance and his recovery, none caused more excitement than that of the funeral. It was fixed for a latfe hour — 6 o'clock, in the afternoon. This was to enable the pitmen to be present. The Reverend Mr. Backup made no sort of objection. Had they fixed it for midnight, he had been equally agreeable. The hour for the interment came, and people flocked to it from far and wide. Not only did the local miners attend, but also the gangs of men from other mines far dis tant. Mr. Backup had never seen such a crowd -in his life. Just around the grave a small space was left for Mrs. Bell and the other mourners : but in the churchyard and the parts adjacent, including a portion of the Bare Plain, the spectators thronged. Rosaline was not there. Blase was. In right of his relationship to the Pellets of Falmouth, Blase had been invited to attend, and made one of the mourners, with a flow of crape hanging to his hat. Whether Rosaline had meant to make one also did not clearly appear, though nobody thought to doubt it ; but just before the time of starting, she was seized with a kind of fainting fit — not quite losing her consciousness, but lying back powerless in her chair, and looking white as death. Nancy Thomson, who was to be of the procession, was the first to recognize the dilemma the seizure placed them in. 44 What is to be done ?' she cried. 44 It'll never do to keep him, and the parson, and they folks waiting ; but she can't walk like this !' The 44 him' applied to poor Bell. At least, to what was left of him. For the convenience of the inquest and other matters, he had been placed in a shelter bordering on the Bare Plain, partly room, partly shed, when first brought up from the pit, and : had not been removed. It was there that the ' mourners would , meet the cottin and attend it to the church. 44 True,' put in Mrs. Trim, who had deemed it but neighbourly to look in upon the Widow Bell at this sorrowful hour and see what was to be seen. 44 They funerals don't wait for nobody ; specially when they be put off to a'most sunset.' 44 No, it will not do to keep it waiting,' breathed Rosaline from her weak and trembling lips. 44 Do you go on ; all. I will follow if I am able, and catch you up.' Nancy Thomson feebly offered to stay with her, seeing that good feeling demanded as much, but she did not at all mean the offer to be accepted, for she would not miss the ceremony for the world ; it was not every day she had the chance of fulfilling a post of importance at a funeral : and such a funeral as this. Rosaline promptly declined her company, say ing she felt much better now and preferred to come alter them alone. So the mourners departed, followed at a respectful distance by many neighbours, and others who had col lected to watch and wait for their exit. The chief crowd had gathered about ? that other building for which these were now making their way. Men, women, and children went tramping off towards it j across the plain; and in a few minutes Bleak Row was as absolutely deserted as though it were a city of the dead. Rosaline slowly rose from her seat, dragged the chair outside, and sat down in the evening sunshine. Thankful was she to be alone. No eye was on her. The houses were empty ; the Bare Plain, stretching out around and beyond, lay silent and still, save for that moving mass of human beings pressing farther and farther away into the distance. The open air seemed necessary to her if she would continue to draw breath. When somewhat more composed, 6he put up her two hands in the attitude' of prayer, bent forward till her forehead touched them, and sat with lier eyes closed. A prayer-book lay on her knee. She had brought it forth, intending to follow the service, soon about to begin. But she could not. There she sat, never once moving her attitude, some scattered passages of the service recurring now and again to her memory, and ascending to heaven from the depths of her anguished heart, poor Rosaline Bell ! There were some moist eyes and wrung feelings amid those mourners standing round the grave, but none of them could know aught of the desperate distress that was her portion. None, none. But now, it was perhaps a somewhat singular coin cidence that just as Frank Raynsr should have come unexpectedly upon that excited throng, collected round the Bottomless Shaft on the Bare Plain, a few , nights before his departure for London, so he should now in like maimer come quite as unexpectedly upon this throng, gathered at Bell's funeraL The one had not surprised him more than the other did. He had been just a fortnight absent in London ; this was the day of his returii, and he was now walking home from the station. All the excitement consequent upon the finding of Bell had taken place during these two weeks of Frank's absence. There had been commo tion (the result of Blase Pellett'e 44 dream') before his departure, with much talking and surmising ; but * all action had taken place since. In a letter written to him by Edina, Frank had learnt that Bell was found. But he learnt nothing more. And he certainly had not thought of coming into the midst of the funeral, and of this large mass of people collected at it, as he passed the churchyard on his way from the station to his uncle'6, on this the evening of his return. Before he knew what it all meant, or could quite make out whether his eyes were not playing him false, he found himself accosted by the clerk's wife, Mary Trim. Mrs. Trim told all she knew, intensely gratified at the opportunity of doing it, and a good deal that she did not know. Frank listened in silence. 44 Yes, sir, he was found there, down deep in the pit sliaft, and they jurymen never brought it iu one way nor t'othter, whether he was fhrowed down wilful, or fell iii accidental, but just left folks to fight out the * question for their own selves. It were a dreadful thing tor him any way, poor man : to ha' been lying there all this while.' 44 1 never saw so many people at a funeral in my life,' observed Frank, making no direct comment on her words. He mechanically moved onwards a step, and looked over the hedge that skirted the graveyard. Mary Trim continued her information and remarks : detail ing the mourners by name, and 6tating that Rosaline was seized with a kind of faint when they were start ing, and so remained at home, alone. 44 Alone 1 ' cried Frank. ? ' All alone, entirely,' repeated Mary Trim. 44 Every soul from all parts is here, Mr. Frank ; as you may see. She said perhaps she'd follow if she felt equal to't ; but she's not come. She and her , aunt talks o' going back to Falmouth to-morrow ; but the widow, poor thing, is against it. That's the aunt, sir: that tall, (bin woman.' Rapidly Frank Raynor debated a question with himself. He much wished to say a few words' to Rosaline in private : what if lie seized upon this oc casion for it ? If she were indeed going away again on the morrow, he might find no other opportunity. Yes : at any rate he would try. Turning somewhat abruptly from the clerk's wife, leaving lier in the middle of a sentence, Frank made a detour round the churchyard on the outskirts of the crowd, and strode very rapidly away over the Bare Plain. Rosaline was sitting just in the same position, her head bowed, her hands raised. His footsteps aroused her. ' Respecting lier grief as he had never respected any grief j et, feeling for her (and for many other things connected with the trouble) from the bottom of Ins heart, uncertain and fearful of what the ultimate end would be, Frank took her hand in silence. She gazed up at him yeaminglj', almost as though she did not at once recognize him, a pitiful expression on her face. For a short while he did not speak a word. But, what he had come to say, must be said, and without delay : for already the ceremony had terminated, and the procession of mourners, with the attendant crowd, might be seen advancing across the Bare Plain. 44 It has nearly killed me,' moaned Rosaline. 44 1 should be thankful that he is found, but for the fear : j thankful that he lias had Christian burial. But there caii be no more security now. There was not much before.' 44 Nay)' spoke Frank, 44 1 tliink it is just the con trary. While the affair lay in uncertainty, it was liable to be stirred up at any moment : now it will lie at rest.' 44 Never,' she answered. 44 Never so long as Blase Pellet lives. He has brought this much about ; and he may bring more. Oh, if we couM-but- be -hidden* , from him !' Frank, holding her hand- stiR in his deep corny . . sion, spoke to her quietly and kindly for. : v* moments. She seemed to listen as one who hears not, as one whom words Cannot reach or soothe ; her eye* were fixed on the ground, her other hand hung list less. But now the first faint hum of the mass of people, approaching nearer and nearer, struck uponr tier half- dulled ear ; she raised her eyes and saw what caused it. First in the line walked her mother and aunt, their black robes and the black -hoods on their headis lighted up by the setting sun. And as if the sight of those mourning garments put the finigbfo^ ' touch to her already distracted mind, and conveyed! some sudden terror into it, Rosaline gave a shrilt scream, and fell into a fit of hysterics, almost of con vulsions. Frank could not quit her, even to dash, indoors for water. He put his arm round her to holcL her still. 44 What on earth is it, sir ?' demanded Nancy Thom son, who was the first to speak, when the group dl hooded women came up. 44 It is only an attack of hysterics,' said Frank. 44 She fell into it but now : I think with the sight of. your approach. It is a sad day for her, you know? and she does not seem very strong, Let somebody g-* some water.' 44 I thought it must be your ghost, Mr. Frank,' spoke poor Mrs. Bell in a subdued tone, as she put backthe hood. 44 Believing you were in London ? ' 44 1 am back again,' he shortly interrupted. '? Seeing your daughter sitting here, I turned aside to speak a word of sympathy.' The sobbing hysterics subsided as quickly as tliey came on ; and Rosaline, putting aside the water im tasted, rose of her own accord and passed into the house. The women pressed in after her, leaving Blase Pellet outside. As to the mass of voluntary attend ants, they had slackened steps beforehand some dis tance off, and seemed to be uncertain what next to do : whether to disperse on their various roads, or to remain talking with one another. This virtually left Frank and Blase Pellet alone. Blase took off' his tall Sunday hat, and rubbed hi* brow with his white handkerchief, as though the heavy hat and the burning sun had left an unpleasant sensation of heat there. It was, however, neither the hat nor the sun that had put him into that access of warmth ; it was the 6ight of Frank Raynor. Of Frank Raynor holding Rosaline's hand in his, holding her, in. , fact, and bending over with what looked very like an ' outburst of affection. A most disagreeable idea had flashed into Mr. Pel let's head. A dim, indistinct idea, it is true, but none the less caught at. Married man though Frank Raynor was, as the world of Trennach knew, he might not have given up hi* love of Rosaline ! He might be intending to keep that sentiment on ; keep her to himself, in short, to laugh and chatter with whenever they should meet, to the present destruction of the hopes of everybody else, including Blase Pellet. And Blase, in the pleni tude of his wrath, could have struck him to the earth as he stood. How mistaken people can be ! How wildly absurd' jealousy makes them! Nothing could be further from the thoughts of Frank Raynor than any such, meaning ; he was at honest peace with all the world, most certainly intending no harm to Rosaline or to any or.e else.* At peace even with that one unit in it. Blase Pellet ; and in the plenitude of his good nature he addressed him cordially. 44 You have been one of the followers of poor Bell, I see. The affair is altogether a sad one.' 44 Yes, it is,' replied Blase Pellet. 44 We have beea putting him into his grave ; and matters, so far, are hushed up. But I don't say that they are hushed for good. I could hang some people to-morrow.4' The intense acrimony of his tone, the steady gaze ©F his meaning eyes, proved that this man might yet become a dangerons enemy. Frank's courage fell. 44 What do you mean?' he asked. But for tiie very life of him he could not coax liis voice to be quite so free and independent as usual. 44 It does not matter saying now wliat I mean, Mr. Raynor. Perhaps I never shall say it. I'd rather not : and it won't be my fault if I do. You keep out of my wajr and out of somebody else's way, and i daresay I shall be still, and forget it. Out of sight, out of mind) you know, sir.' Frank, deigning no reply, turned into the house to see if there was anything he could do for Rosaline And then he Walked away rapidly towards Trennach. Mrs. St. Clare had not yet returned to the Mount, but she was expected daily. Frank had received three or four letters from Daisy, reposted to him to London by Edina, but not one letter had he been able to write in return. Thejr were going about front place to place in obedience to Lydia's whims, Daisy said, and it was simply impossible to give any certain address where a letter might find her. Every day for a week past had her mother announced her inten tion of turning her step homew ard on the morrow ; and everjr morrow, as it dawned, had her steps beeir turned to Bome fresh place instead. But Frank was in a fever of impatience for their return now.' The five hundred pounds legacv was ready to be paid him, and lie meant to take Daisy away on the strength of it. He had no fixed plan* ? as j*et ; they had been delayed by the uncertainty attending tlie larger sum promised him — the three thousand pounds. Strictly speaking, it was two thousand five hundred ; for this first sum of five hundred was to form a portion of it. It is true that Frank had made inquiries in London ; had seem two old-established medical men who were thinking of taking a partner. But each of them wanted a good sum paid down as equivalent ; and neither of them seemed to be so sanguine on the score of Frank'* coming into tlie three thousand pounds as he himself was. With his usual straightforward candouiy he disclosed the full particulars of the doubts, as well a%.*: of the expectations. So, with the future still unde cided, here he was, back at Trennach : but only back ? to make preparations to finally leave it. ? , With regard to the assistant for Dr. Raynor, he had been more fortunate, and had secured tlie services. of . one whom he judged to be in every way suitable. It was a Mr. Hatman. This gentleman was coming down on the morrow. He and Frank were to have travelled together, but Mr. Hatman could not get hia - arrangements completed quite so soon as he had. thought; and Frank dared not delay ? evenanother day, lest Mrs. St. Clare should return. He* could not leave .Daisy to bear .alone the bruiit of the discovery of their marriage. Mr-, Hatman was to have three months' trial. At the end' of that period, if it were found that he suited the. . Doctor, and the Doctor and the place suited him, he , would remain. . It was not often that Dr. Raynor found fault or gave blame. Rut on this night, after Frank's return, : when they were, shut up together alone, he took ; Frank severely to task. Common report lad carried^ the news of the marriage to him;' and he expressed, his opinion of it freely. 44 It was perhaps a* hasty t'-.uig to do, air, and was entered upon without iuu. .. thought,' Frank, after he had Aistened. But we did 'not car*, to lose one another.' 44 Well, I will say nomore,' retuxned Drk R&ynov.; 44 The thing cannot be undone now. There'* an old ? t .. . - ; ?; h saying, Frank, that^ is perhaps more often exempli fied than people think: 'Many in haste and repent at leisure. I wish this case of yours may prove an exception, but I can scarcelv hope that it will.' 4* We shall get along all right, Uncle Hugh.' ' I trust you will.' ' I told Hatman about it — he is a very nice fellow, and you will be sure to like him, uncle — and he wished me and Daisy jolly good luck. He says his mother's was a runaway match, and it turned out famously.' On the day but one following ; that is, the day after Mr. Hatman arrived at Trennach ; Mrs. St. Clare and Tier daughters returned to the Mount : not reaching it, however, until late at night, for they had missed the earlier train they had meant to travel by. Frank went up betimes the next morning. His interview with Mrs. St. Clare took place alone. She was surprised and indignant at what he had to dis close — namely, that the marriage ceremony had passed between him and her daughter Margaret. ' But, on the whole, she was more reasonable than might have been expected. ' I wash my hands of it altogether, Mr. Frank Haynor, of her and of you, as I said I would — though yO u may be sure that when I spoke I never contem plated so extreme a step as that she has taken. Hut that I cannot disbelieve what, as you say, is so eaiy of proof, I should have thought it impossible to be true. Daisy has always been so docile and dutiful.' ' I will make her the best of husbands ; she shall never Know an hour's care with me,' spoke Frank earnestly, his truthful blue eyes and the sincerity on liis beaming face expressing more than words could do. ' But what of your means of keeping her?' asked Mrs. St. Clare coldly. ' By the aid of the three thousand pounds I have mentioned to you, I shall get into a iirst-class prac tice in London,' returned he in his most sanguine manner. 'I trust you will not despise that position for her. Our first practitioners take a high standing, Mrs. St. Clare. Some of them are baronets, you know — if you care about a title. I should like to see Daisy Lady ltaynor.' ' So should I ! ' returned Mrs. St. Clare, in a tone that rather took Frank and his earnestness aback, for it displayed too much mocking disbelief in the pros pect. 'Well, I wash my hands of you both, Mr. Francis Raynor. I wash my hands of her. As she lias made her bed so Bhc must lie on it.' Daisy was stupmoned to the conference. She came in with timid steps ; and stood, tearful and trembling, in her pretty morning dress of coloured muslin. It chanced to be the one she was married in. Frank Haynor drew her arm within his, and stood with her. ' You may well shrink from me, unhappy girl !' cried Mrs. St. Clare. 'Where is your wedding ting?' With shaking hands, Daisy produced it, attached to its piece of blue ribbon. Frank took it from her, broke the ribbon, and - placed the ring on its proper finger. ' Never again to be taken off, my dear,' he said. ' Our troubles are over.' 8he was to be allowed to remainatthe Mount until the afternoon — which Mrs. St. Clare called a great conces sion — and then she and Frank would start on the first stage of their journey. Daisy might take a box of apparel with her ; the rest should be forwarded to any address she might chooBe to give. ?r ?cnt ^ran^ again to Dr. Raynor's to prepare for the departure on his own score. Very busy was he that day. Now talking with his uncle, now with 'wdh Mr. Hatman : and now running about Trennach to shake hands with all the world in bis sunny-naBired way. A hundred good wishes were breathed by him; a hundred little children made hropy to sweetmeats. Evm to Blase Pellet even to him— Frank gave a kindlf word and nod at parting. . ® '?ras'lateinihe afternoon when he, in a close ear «age provided* for the occasion, went up to the Mount fiw Daisy. She was ready, and came out, attended to V the door by only Tabitha : Mrs St. Clare and Lydia did not appear. Thence she and Frank drove to the station : and found they had five minutes to spare. Frank had been seeing to the luggage, when Daisv \- came out of the waiting- room to meet him. It was one of those small stations that contain but one wait ing-room for all classes. 'The most beautiful girl Ls sitting inside. Frank,' she said in an undertone. ' I could not keep my gaze from her. But she looks very ill.' ' In there he carelessly remarked, as tliev both went in together. But, to Daisy's extreme surprise, she, the next moment, saw Frank go up and speak to this girl, who was sitting with an elderly companion, both of them in deep mourning. Daisy, her eyes fixed on the beautiful face, wondered who they' could be : won dered whether they were ladies, or whether they were not. But there was no further time. The train came puffing in, and all was bustle. Daisy saw Frank again shake hands cordially with this delicate-looking girl, and whisper a few farewell words to her. She was evidently not departing by this train : probably by one going in the opposite direction. 'Who was it, Frank:' questioned Daisy, when thev were at length seated in the carriage. 'It is Rosaline Bell. She and her aunt are going back to Falmouth.'. ' That Rosaline Bell 1 ' exclaimed Daisv, her face flushing scarlet. ' I— I — did not know she was so very beautiful.' 