LITERATURE. ♦ ? Daniel Deronda: Book vii. ' Mother axd Sox.' Powerful and oi iginal as the construction of the plot of this most remarkable novel has hithoito been in the preced ing 'books' — or 'numbers' — it has never touched tho same point of intense interest which pervades the develop nieat of the two leading features of which that now ucder notice is composed. The book opens with the meeting between the hero of the plot and his long-lo?t and unknown mother, the latter, who believes herself to be dying:, having (umm med him to Genoa to receive from her lips the recog nition of his birth, the oauses for htr having entrusted him, whan but two years old, to the care of an English baronet — she being a foreign Jewess and an operatic singer of con siderable fame and fortune — to be brought up as an English gentleman, and not as a Jew, and the information how and whence he is to derive the fortune she had reserved for him, although she had married a secjna time, ana naa several children by her second husband — a Russian prince of con si dei able wealth and p aition. This portion of the plot abounds with every indication of the peculiar lines of thought which pervade the whole of George Eliot's literary fictions. We must confess, however, to have been much loss attracted by these details, on account of the very cause to which we -efer. To most minds, the scenes depicted, as taking place between ' mother and son,' will, doubtless, appear unnatural. The hardness of the former is indeed singularly repulsive, whilst the manner of the latter by no means slunes in so bright a light as he has ap peared in the foiegoing portions of the story. The inter views are also spun out a little too much, and tbe parting, after the interchange of mutual explanations, does not seem to have been managed with that tact and discriminate n for which George Eliot has deservedly made herself famous. One thing, however, is ascertained— as must have been suspected from the veiy beginning— that Daniel Deronda is a Jew by birth ; yet it is somewhat strange that he him self , although not without his own suspicion of the fact, had not ascertained his nationality by means of those positive indications which can never be mistaken or obli terated. Inasmuch as this portion of the 'book' runs somewhat tediously, it is pleasant to return t- .the *' Mordecai' episode of the foregoing narrative, for in this direction every symptom of that generality which had pre viously prevailed is not only showed, but extended. Mor decai is evidently dying, but ere the end comcs the indica tions are neither few nor indistinct that he will see the father of his sister and himself, and be reconciled to hioi, through the instrumentality of Daniel Deronda, his Jewish birth being used as an effectual and poweiful meat e to such ?and. Having taken her readers with her thus far in the deli neation of what may be called the 'underplot' of tbis novel, George Kliot then returns to tbe development of her chief purpose— the fate of the heroine, Gwendolen Grandcourt In the last 'bcok,' we left that un happy, disappointed, and cruelly-treated young woman as about to be carried off by her brutal husband on a yachting expedition in the Mediterranean, sorely against her will, but without her having the slightest powf r to prevent it Her exHcting husband has become jealous of the influence Daniel Dertnda seems to have over his wife, and, although he scorns the idea that 'the green-eyed monster ' is the moving cause of his determination, yet he has 1 osolved to pre vent 'any more such nonsense,' as he calls it. by putting a* wide a distance between the two as possible. This object is defeated by Daniel Deronda having been sum moned to Genoa for the interview between himself and his mother. Grandcourt's yaflht having been caught in, and damaged by, a squall compels him to put in at that very port to refit— a circumstance that annoys him c nsiderably, especially when he discovers that the very object of his taking his young wife on & cruise haq been frustrated. Suspecting that she will seek and obtain an interview with the man he believes to be hiB rival, he brutally insults her by warning her agatawt committing herself criminally, to | ?which she replies with the last spark of spirit left in her I crushed nature, that ' she had seen enough of the conse quences of such conduot and sufficiently plainly as to avoid them.' Shuddering at the but too plain reference' to liia conduct t-ward» tbe woman whom, as well as her children by him, be had deserted—suspecting, wo say, his wife's intentions as to meeting Deronda, he insists upon taking her out to sea in a small faib'ng lugger, placing her tit the lidm to take and obey his orders, whilst he himself manages the sails. By this means George Eliot easily gets rid of this most detestable individual; for whilst Daniel Deronda is sauntering along the quay, looking for the return of the wife and husband, whom he resolved to meet on their landing, he sees a boat approaching, rowed by two fishermen, in whioh Gwendolen is lying drenched to the skin, and all but inanimate. Grandcourt has, infect, been drowned, and his wife is rescued just as she was also on the point of sharing a similar fate. Then oomea tbe lEOft exciting part of the 'book'— the explanation by Gwendolen to Deronda how the catastrophe occurred, and this ia so graphically and powerfully described that we can not refrain from giving so much of the details as we can find room for. « The sun had set behind a bank of cloud, and only a faint yellow light was giving its farewell kisses to the waves, which were agitated bv sn active breezo. Deronda, sauntering slowly within sight of what took plaoe on the strand, observed the groups there concentrating their atten tion on a sailing bout which was advancing swiftly land ward, being rowed by two men. Amidst the clamorous talk in various languages, Deronda held it the surer means *-f getting information not to ask questions, but to elbow his way to the foreground and be an unobstructed witness «-f what waa occurring. Telescopes were being used, and loud statements made that the boat held somebody who had been drowned. One said it was the milord who had gone out in a sailing boat; another maintained that the prostrat: ' figure he discerned was miladi ; a Frenchman who had no glass would rather siy tbat it waa milord who had probably taken his wife out to droDfe her, according t j the national practice— a remark which ad Knglkh skipper immediately ; commented on in our native idiom (aa nonsense which— had nndogone a mining operation), and further dismissed by decision that the reclining figure was a woman. For Deronda, terribly excited by fluctuating fears, the strokes of tiie oars as he watched them were divided by swift visions of events, possible aad impossible, which might have brought about this issue, or this broken -off fragment of an issue, with a worse half undisc oscd, if this woman apparently snatched from the waters were really Mrs. Grandcourt. '? But soon there was no longer aav doubt ; the boat was being pulled to l:-nd, and he saw Gwendolen half raiding herself on her hands, by her own effort, under her heavy covering of tarpaulin and pea- jackets — pale as one of the sheeted dead, shivering, with wet hair streaming, a wild amized consciousness in her eye?, as if pie had waked up in a world where some judgment was impending, and the beings she Baw around were coming to seize her. The first rower who jumped to land was alto wet through, and ran off; the sailors, close about the boat, hindered Deronda from advancing, and he could only look on while Gwen dolen gave scared glances, and seemed to shrink with terror as she was carefully, tenderly helped out, and led on by the strong arms of those rough, bronzed men, her wet clo'hes clinging about her l'mb®, and adding to the impediment of her weakness. Suddenly her wandering eyes fell on Deronda, standing before her, and immediately, as if she had b?en expecting him and locking for bim, she tried to stretch out her firms, which were held back by ber sup porters, saying, in a mutilei voice— ' ' It is come, it is come ! He is dral !' ''Hush, hush!' said Deronda, in a tone of authority; 'quiet yourself.' Tben, to the men who were as-istir g her, ' I am a connection of this lady's husband. If you will get ber on t - the Italia as quickly as possible, I will undertake everything else.' ' He stayed behind ti hear from the remaining boatman that her husband had gone down irrecoverably, and that hi; boat was left floating empty. He and bis comrade bad heard a cry, had come up in time to see th; lady jump in after her husband, and bad got her out fast enough to save her from mu-h damage.' After an anxious night, during which Deronda was tor mented by i:eiplexing doubts as to what course he was called upon tj take in Gwendolen's behalf, he naturally in quired as to the facts and the cause of Grandcourt's death, and ' On re- entering the hotel, Deronda was told that Gwen dolen bad risen, and was desiring to see him. He wa® shown into a room darkened by blinds and curtains, where she was seated with a white 'shawl wrapped round her, looking towards the opening door like one waiting uneasily. But her long hair was gathered up and coiled carefully, and, through all, the blue stars in her ears had kept their place; as she started impulsively to her full height, sheathed in her white fhawl, her face and neck not less white, except for a purple line under ber eyes, her lips a little apart with the peculiar expression of one accused and helpless, she looked like the unhappy ghost of that Gwen dolen Harleth whom Deronda had seen turning with firm THE LATE PROFESSOR WHEATSTONE. (Seepage 7.) lips and proud self-possession from her losses _ at the gaming-table. The sight pierced him with pity, and the effects of all their past relation began to revive within him. ' ' X beseech you to rest— not to stani,' said Deronda, as he approached her ; and she obeyed, falling back into her chair again. ' ' Will you sit down near me F' she eaid. ' I want to speak very low.' ' She was in a large arm-chair, and he drew a small one near to her side. Tha action seemed to touch her peculiarly ; turning her pale face fall upon his, which was very near, she said, in the lowest audible tone, 1 You know I am a guilty woman r' 'Deronda himself turned paler as he said, 'I know nothing.' Hie did not care to say more. ' ' He is dead.' She uttered this with the same under toned decision. ' 'Yes,' said Deronda, in a mournful suspense which made him reluctant to speak. ' ' His face will not be seen above the water again,' said Gwendolen, in a tone that was not louder, but of a sup pressed eagerness, while she held both her hands clenched. ' ' Not by any one else — only by me — a dead face — I shall never get away from it.' ' It was with an inward voice of desperate self -repression that she spoke these last words, while she looked away from Deronda towards something at a distance from her on the floor. Was she seeing the whole event — her own acts in cluded — through an exaggerating medium of excitement and horror P Was she in a state of delirium into which there entered a sense of concealment and necessity for self repression? Such thoughts glanced through Deronda as a sort of hope. But imagine the conflict of feeling that kept him silent. She was bent on confession, and he dreaded li miring ber confession. Against his better will, he shrank from the task that was laid on him ; he wished, and yet rebuked the. wish as cowardly, that she oould bury her secrets in her own bosom. He was not a priest. He dreaded the weight of this woman's soul flung upon his own with imploring dependence. But she spoke again, hurriedly, looking at him — ' ' You will not say that I ought to tell the world ? You will not say that 1 ought to be disgraced F I could not do it. I could not bear it. I cannot have my mother know. Not if I were dead. X cpuld not have her know. I must tell vou; but you will not say that any one else should know.' ' ' I can say nothing in my ignorance,' said Deronda, mournfully, 'except that I desire to help you.' ' ? I told you from the beginning— as soon as I could— I told you I' was afraid of myself.' There was a piteous pleading in the low murmur t- which Deronda turned his ear only. Her face aiHicted him too much. ' I felt a hatred in me that was always working like an evil spirit— contriving things. Everything I could do to free myself came into my mind; and it got worse— all things get worse. That was why I askei yoa to come to me in town. I thought then I would tell you the worst about myself. I tried. But I could not tell everything. And Ac came in.' ' She paused, while a shadow passed through her ; but soon went on. , *? ' I will tell you everything now. Do you think a woman who cried, and prayed, and straggled to be saved from herself, could be a murderess ? ' ''Great God!' said Derond*, in a deep, shaken voice, ' don't torture me needlessly. You have not murdered him. You threw yourself into the water with the impulse to save him. Tell me the rest afterwards. This death was an accident that you could not have hindered.' ' ' Don't be impatient with me.' The tremor, the child like beseeching in these words compelled Deronda to turn his head and look at her face. The poor quivering lips went on. ' You said — you used to say — you felt more for .those who had done something wicked and were miserable; you said they might get better— they might be scourged into something better. If you had not spoken in that way, everything would have been worse. I did remember all vou said to me. It came to me always. It came to me at the veiy last— that was tbe reason why I ? But now, if yoa cannot bear with me when I tell you everything — if you. turn away from me and forsake me, what shall I do P Am I worse than I was when you found me and wanted to make me better ? All th-j wrong I have done was in me then— and more— and more — if you had not come and been patient with me. And now — will you forsake me?'' Gwendolen then intimates how the intense Ihatred she entertained for her cruel husband had driven her to the despeiationof desiring to murder him, being moved to make a full confession of this fact by tho evident sympathy her distress was raising in the breast of the only friend at hand, and on whom she knew she could rely. After a paufe ' She began again in a fragmentary way — ' ' All sorts of contrivances in my mind — but all so diffi cult. And I fought against them— I was terrified at them — 1 saw his dead face '—here her voice sank almost to a whisper close to Deronda's ear — ' ever so^eng ago I saw it ; and I wished him to be dead. And yet it terrified me. I was like two creitures. I cou'd not speak — I wanted to kill— it was as strong as thirst — and then directly — I felt beforehand I had done something dreadful, unalterable — that would make me like an evil spirit. And it came —it came.' ' She was silent a moment or two, as if her memory had lost itself in a web where each mesh drew all the rest.' Having related how she had resisted the temptation that was £0 strong upon her, the narrative is thus continued : — 'There was silence. The tears had rolled down her cheeks. She pressed her handkerchief against them and sat upright. She was summoning her resolution; and again leaning a little towaids Deronda's ear, she began in a whisper — ' No, no ; I will tell you everything as God kmws it. I will tell you no falsehood ; I will tell you the exact truth. What should I do else ? I used to think I could never be wicked. I thought of wicked people as if they were a long way otf me. Since then I have been wicked. I have felt wicked. And everything has been a punishment to me — all the things I used to wish for — it is as if they had been made red-hot. The veiy daylight has often been a punish ment to me. Because — y^u know— I ou?ht not to bave married. That was the beginning of it. I wronged some one else. I broke my promise. I meant to get pleasure for myself, and it all turned to misery. I wanted, to make my gain out of another's loss — you remember ? — it was like roulette — and the money burnt into me. And I could not complain. It was as if I had prayed that another 'should lose and I should win. And I had won. I knew it all — I blew I was guilty. When we were on the sea, and I lay awake at night in the cabin, 1 sometimes felt that every thing I had done lay open without excuse — nothing was hidden — how couid anything be known to me only ? — it was not my own knowledge, it was God's that had entered into me ; and even the stillness — everything held a punishment for me — everything but you. I always thought that you would not want me to be punished — you would have tried and helped me to be better. And only thinking of that helped me. You will not change — you will not want to punish me now r' ' Again a sob had risen. ' ' God forbid !' groaned Deronda. But he eat motion less. «; This long wandering with the poor conscwm^ ^ *— one over her past was difficult to bear, but he urge her with a question. He must let her mi^n ^ own need. She un'enfciously left intervals w '« spect, not clearly distinguishing between what what she had only an inward vision of. Heri, t came after such an interval. * wordi ''That all made it so hard when I was fotwd * the boat. Because u hen I Bawyouitwa/r^.eom I joy, and I thought I could tell you everything^^*^*'1 locked-np drawer and what I had not And if I had told you, and knew fla vour mind, it would have less power ® I hoped and trusted in that. For after fu etrcggles and my crying, the hatred and net temptation that frightened me, the longim? «.? for what I dreaded, always came back. Andthat «f pointment— when I was quite shut out from RneaWir^4?' you. and I was dtiven to go into the boat-brought Sf ik° evil back, as if I had been tasked in prison with it escape. Oh, it teems so long ago since I stenned irtTtw boat! I cculd have given «p everything in tCt to have the forked lightning for a weapon to strike?^ ' Some of the compressed fierceness that she was recall seemed to find its way into her undertone utterance At?6 a little silence she said, with agitated hurry ? ' ' ' If he were again, what should I do ? I cannot wish him here— and yet I cannot bear his dead face I coward. I ought to have borne contempt I oueht t& have gone away— gone and wandered like a beggar than stay to feel like a fiend. But turn where l wonU there was something I . could not bear. Sometimes t thought he would kill me if I resisted his will. But nn» — h s dead face is there, and I cannot bear it.' ' Suddenly loosing Deronda's arm, she started un stretching her arms to their full length upward, and saM with a sort of moan — 0 ''I have bean a cruel woman ! What can I do but crv for help! I am sinking. Die- die- you are forsaken go down, go down into darkness. Forsaken— no nitv— r shall be forsaken.' ' ^ Having so far described the terror by which she was overwhelmed, Gwendolen, somewhat recovered from her despair, next proceeds to inform Deronda of the actual causa of ner husband's death : — ';She went on with her low-toned eagerness, 'I want to tell you what it was that came over me in that boat. I wag full of rage at being obliged to go -full of rage— and I could do nothing but sit there like a galley-slave. And then we got away — out of the port — into the deep— and everything was etill-andwe never looked at each other only he spoke to order me— and the very light about me seemed to hold me a prisoner and force me to sit as I did. It came over me that when I was a child I used to fancy sailing away into a world where people were not forced to live with any one they did not like— I did not like my father-in-law to come home. And now I thought juBt the opposite had come to me. I had etept into a boat, and my life was a sailing and sailing away— gliding on and no help — always into solitude with him, away from deliveranoe. And because I felt more helpless than ever, my thought I went out over worse things— I longed for worse things had cruel wishes— I fancied impossible ways of ? I did not want to die myself; I was afraid' of our being drowned together. If it had been any use I should have prayed— I should have prayed that something might befall him. I should have prayed that he might sink out of my sight and leave roe alone. I knew no way of killing him there, but I did, I did kill him in my thoughts.' ' She sank into silence for a minute, submerged by a weight of memory which no words could represent. ''But yet all the while I felt that I was getting mora wicked. And what had been with me so much came to me just then — what ycu once said— about dreading to in crea e my wrong-doing and my remorse— I should hope for nothing then. It was ail like a writing of fire within ma. Getting wicked was misery — being shut out for ever from knowing what you — what better lives were. That had always been coming back to me in the midst of bad thoughts — it came back to me then — but yet with a despair— a feeling tbat it was no use — evil wishes weretoo strong. I remember then letting go the tiller and saying ' God help me !' But then I was forced to take it again and go on ; end the evil longings, the evil prayers came again and blotted every- j thing else dim, till, in the midst of them— I don't know j how it was— he was turnirg the sail— there was a gust— he was struck — I know nothing — I only know that I saw my wish outside me.' ' She began to speak more hurriedly, and in more of a whisper. ' ' I saw him sink, and my heart gave a leap as if it wera going out of me. I think I did not move. 1 kept my hands tight. It was long enough for me to be glaa, ana yet to think it was no use— he would come up again. And be was come— farther off— the boat had moved. It was all like lightning. ' The rope !' he called out in a voice— not his own— I hear it now — and 1 stooped for tbe rope— I felt I must — I felt sure he could swim, and he would come back whether or not, and I dreaded him. T hat was in my mind be would come baek. But he was gone down again, and I had the rope in my hand — no, there he was again— his face above tbe water — and he cried again — and I held my hand, and my heart said, ' Die !' — and he sank ; and I felt ' It is done— I am wicked — I am lost !' — and i had the rope in my hand — I don't know what I thought— I was leaping awav from myself — I would have saved him then. I was leaping from my crime, and there it was — close to me as I fell— there was the dead face— deal, dead. It can nevcr ba altered. That was what happened. That was what I aid. You know it all. It can never be altered.' ' By means of the above extracts the proof will be positive that ' Book VII.' is by far the most important portion of ' Daniel Deronda ' which has yet been published, so muoh so, indeed, that it must make all its readers all the more anxiously long for its completion. — Bell's Messenger . Boccaccio and Petbabch. — It is true that the first connecting link between Boccaccio and Petrarch wm tneir common love of pcetry, which indeed remained th^eyno of their subsequent intercourse. But it is equally true if, instead of being among the brightest stars of Itwian literature, and the prime leaders and movers of the gionoua Renaissance of art and letters, these two men had Dw® private individuals, with no particular claim to notice, y therccoidof their friendship would be valuable, owing the rare constancy of their affection, the remarkable circum stances by which it was tested, and the interesting an touching traits of individuality revealed on these occasion . It is all the more to be wondered at that, as far as the p* sent writer is aware, a monographic treatment of this ? resting subject has never yet been attempted, eitn Italy; or in any of the countries where the na of the two poets are household words, caccio and Petrarch became acquainted at a ? paratively advanced age, when men as a rule are,1'1, , .i to indulge in sudden impulses of affection. Both nei b places in the republic of letters, both had been . employ^.^ important diplomatic missions, and had breathed tn ing atmosphere of Italian courts; both, in short, w . of the world, and of a world of subtlest statecra intrigue. Yet their friendship seems to have been . taneous, a friendship at first sight, as warm and ans^-k9 as was ever contracted by freshmen at college, schoolboys, also, they at once begin by telling each their secrets; and their correspondence commenceoi after their first meeting and continued almost ro day of their lives, is not surpassed in literanire, a . the variety of topics touched upon and the famm perfect mutual confidence evinced in every j expression. Moreover, in spite of its almost mip* ^ beginning, tbis intimacy sustained the test ot t -ly prisingiy' well. No thought of rivalry, T..„e crossed accountable under the circumstances, seems to x»v {0 their minds : no difference of political opinion oment; disturb the harmony of their intercourse for a mu , they always remained the same stench friends tn B and evil report. Petrarch's last wfllcontauisan —jjch remembrance of his friend ; and the short pen __ the broken-hearted Boccaccio survived nis loss un employed in securing the departed poet s fame. to gnr tiful and rare instance of immutable affection oea* prise us when we consider the characters o x-jgnds ; a little more closely. They were destinea. to the concords and discords of their natures' _rea£BeMep, and idiosyncrasies, their strengths an yjeir were complementary of each other, aii Their union one of almost organic consistency. «?» v.j been passed under somewhat tttbr y^frnmrfMiceB. Belonging both to the class. Petrarch being the boh of a respected ipP^Jr^cdo the illegitimate offspring of a moderately B0t«7- they were brought up to their fathers *taltt-y ''S^V^ither of them showed taste or talent for wniBS!i{^ onnmito of life. Boccaccio's master sent back in despair after six years' apprenticeship ; and iroent bvhim in the study of the law the §M eqptl abutter and irretrievable loss of time 'With P** was Petrarch sent to the most rene wned canon law at Montpellier and Bologna ; the P^fSnhi and philosophers of ancient Rome engrossed his ^ E?! Mid as soon as the death of his beloved father SSfb im from restraint, he threw off the hated yoke, Mid e up to the same 'alma poesis which in his epitaph names as the whole study of his Maga: ine* 