THE DAVENPORT BROTHERS. This famous performance, Intended " to mystify and not to enlighten the public," was repeated on Saturday night at the Port Adelaide Town Hall. The body of the building was about three parts filled, and the galleries crowded. As on the previous occasion a Committee was appointed to inspect, examine, and report to the audience, and consisted of the Rev. S. Green and Captain O'Halloran. The Davenport Brothers, on appearing on the platform, were loudly cheered. Mr. Green occupied five minutes in tying Mr. Ira Davenport, and Capt. O'Halloran four and a half minutes with the brother, after which he assisted Mr. Green with Mr. Ira, and continued making fast the ropes for one minute beyond the time used by his colleague. The Committee having reported that the brothers were tied to their satisfaction, the articles in the cabinet, consisting of tambourines, guitar, bells, and violin, were put under the carpet. In closing the doors the Captain was struck with a tambourine, and Mr. Green had a hat put ever his head, which he stated seemed as if it came from Mr. Ira, and it was equally certain that it had not, because his hands were tied. Two of three doors were fastened by the Committee, the third door being fastened from inside, and during an interval of three minutes thumping of musical instruments and the appearance of hands at an aperture in the cabinet occurred, after which the inmates were found in the same position. Mr. Green next went in, and was tied to the brothers in the following manner—his right hand was affixed to Mr. Ira's left shoulder, and his left to Mr. William's knees. On reappearing Mr. Green reported that during the minute of his incarceration hands touched his body and limbs. A tambourine was put around his neck; and on asking for it to be removed it was taken away. Bells rang and moved up and down. He did not feel the slightest motion on the part of Mr. Ira, but there was a slight muscular motion in the knee of Mr. William. He felt his watch taken out of the pocket, but it was returned. It was difficult to say how it was done. The doors being again closed, in rather less than a minute the brothers appeared unbound, and subsequently returned to the cabinet and were seen after a period of three minutes made fast with reef knots. The brothers did not use all the rope which had been left in the cabinet, but Captain O'Halloran reported that they were more secure than he had made them himself. He, wishing to enter the cabinet with the mediums, was accordingly tied to them by ropes in the usual manner. In about two and a half minutes he was released at his own request, when his appearance with a tambourine around his neck caused much merriment. He said:— " The lower regions are nothing to it. Really, really ! Got the d____l all over me. Won't get me there again. I don't know what passed, I wanted to get out, and could not. I won't go in there again for a trifle. There were hands all around me, and I got my hair and beard pulled." The gentleman's statement, delivered with earnestness, was received with great laughter. A spoonful of flour was then placed in the hands of the mediums, who were still tied, and they reappeared in about three minutes unbound, with the flour, which had evidently been iightly grasped, still in their hands. During an interval of ten minutes many of the audience took the opportunity of examining the cabinet for themselves, but failed to detect anything new concerning it. The dark seance which followed was substantially the same as that of the previous night. The rapidity with which Professor Fay, being found tied to the chair at the time of examination, threw off and put on his own and a strangers coat was astounding. Captain O'Halloran challenged, amid laughter, " the ghost-to take the coat off his back," but it is hardly necessary to add that it was not accepted. Eventually the brothers and Professor Fay appeared untied. In concluding the performance Professor Fay said with regard to the agencies, they offered no theory. It was their business to present the performance for what it was worth, and ihey left each one to draw his own conclusions. They were there not to enliehten, but to mystify the public.. The brothers will visit Yorke's Peninsula during this week and make their first appearance in Adelaide on November 14. 