THAT (JAULIFLOWKK. (To tin Editor of the Uendigo Advertiser.} Sir, - Leaving your correspondents " A Spiritual Student" and " E'.II.C.G." to settle their little difficulties, I revert again to the moot point with which I began. . Without in any way committing myself to the opinions held by " E II.C.G." I must confess that he has dis pose! of the " Student's" scientific explanation in such wise as is not calculated to tempt the latter to try his " 'prentice hand" a second time on that subject. I do not ask what spirits are, nor what form they can assume; but can a cauli flower be removed from any giren place to any other given place, going, in way, through a solid wall, and yet leave no trace of its passage? This I again deny, and again I challenge the proof. In reply to the " Student's" remarks about Mrs. 1'. being "stripped half an hour before she left for the circle," I merely reply that sho was " stripped"' half an hour too soon. "A Spiritual Student" says he has seen and felt the spirits. Will lie be good enough to inform us if ho was iu a darkened room at the time? I have been told that a gentleman was kissed iu the dark by a female ghost. The manners of these female spirits seem to be of the "free and easy" sort. Are their garments, as well as their material forms, composed of particles of matter floating in the air, with contributions from the "sensitives" and the members of the circle? Do the spirits "take off" themselves and their garments at the same time, so that when the light is turned on the millinery becomes invisible, as well m the wearer of these airy coverings? If the persons whose spirits are said to visit the circle were still in the flesh, and that they were endowed with ordinary intelligence, would they not, at the request of their friends, perform an act so simple and easy as bringing a light article from one place to another? Why then do not their spirits act in the same manner? Cannot the medium fix his or her thoughts on the article if it be necessary to do so? Or if it bo not necessary, why not ask the spirits to comply with the request, and so at once put to silence those who are now laughing at the Spiritists. If one were to credit the reports of the doings and sayings at the seances, no other conclusion could be arrived at than that the actors were the spirits of persons who were either idiots or maniacs in their life time, or had broken out of some Yarra Beua in the " spirit world." Hustling a woman about, pulling her chair from under her, blackening her face, and such like antics, are so base and contemptible as to make even a Collingwood larrikin blush. Yet, of these things the Spiritists boast. Have they nothing better to 3I10W after the years they have spent in investigating these remarkable phenomena? There has been a great deal of talking; those who refused to credit the absurd pretensious of these people have been ridiculed and abused, but, after all, what havo they done? What boon have they conferred on mankind? The grand climax of their united efforts is the production, in a darkened room, of a stolen cauliflower. -I am, &c.;, A.B. 2IstJuljr. ( To the Etlilor of the Bendiao Kduerliaer.') Sir,-Will you allow mo a little space for a few comments on " E.H.C.G.'s" letter in your yesterday's is3ue. I would remark that such hard and unsympathetic writing on subjects of universally-acknowledged difficulty can be pro ductive of lutle good. I have not " Student's" letter before me, but from the sentence, unfor tunately ill-expressed, quoted by " E.H.C.G.," I judge there is needed the addition of " to matter as recognized by modern science": it would then read thus-" Spirit is simply matter more sub limated or oiherealized, but under different con ditions to matter as recognised by modern science." I say unfortunately ill-expressed, for everyone desirous to attain to truth in discussion should regret defects of expression, and endeavor to supply them by sympathetic interpretation. Prom what I have seen o£ "Student's" letters, he can hold his own, and does not deserve the contempt so much too freely expressed. " E.H.C.G.," though living in a world where aspirations for the divine, and for what tran scends the generally cruel experiences of this " vale of tears," have distinguished the noblest human being?, is content to expect no more than " To be blown about the desert dust, Or scaled within the iron hills." Most people would prefer to be as stupid as he represents " Student " to be than to share such views with himself. The real point of difference between those who believe in spirits and those who believe in matter is as to which is to be considered the matrix, so to speak, of the other whether matter produced spirit or spirit matter. To believe spirit to be sublimated matter, as long as we mean by that a much more enduring element which gives us common matter as one of its manifestations, is to lose no important at tribute of spirit in the ordinary acceptation of its meaning. As Goethe said, " This life was but a throb of the eternal," that is, itself part of the eternal. So matter in the various forms of the universe is a part of spirit-an expression of it-the garment of the Great Spiiit. Any oc currence is called spiritual which cannot be ac counted for without the supposition laat an in telligence produced it other thau that o£ any liuman being or animal. There may be other tilings which are spiritual, but we are safe in calling such an occurrence so, whether it 1)0 what is c.illeil providential, or from inspiration, or tile acts of spirits in tin* lowest plane of spiritual existence. I would rcjnmmeml " K.Il.U.tJ.," if lie has not done so already, to read l'rofessor De Morgan's preface to " From Matter to Spirit," and A. K. Wallace's " Modern Miracles," where h.' will, I think, be interested to see all these ([iiestions discussed, and the worth of testimony weighed, with an ability we should find it dilliculi to rival here. Yours, &c.; 2Ut July. HISUMKS. 