QUID NUNC? How’s that for high, partner l—All Foues. ia<oi me iookcu lor Lnristmns iia-; come, and is now a tiling of the past. New Year's Day, too, gone, and with it the holidays, feasting, merry-making, Amt many a wish iind dream, And eye licit shone with kindly beica. And heart licit heat witii hope'nr tear, Lie cold, and stilled, and der.d. Plodding humanity has again donned its work-a-day suit to toil onward to thc“ bourne from whence no traveller returns,” filled with hope, looking forward to another merry Christmas. How many have gone with the past year to the great Audit where there is no tottlng-np in pencil, no altering the balance sheet when the solemn seal of eternity has been affixed. Itate Book, blocks, and every item of the expenditure of time must be pro duced there, and no getting to windward of the Auditors with a “ come and hare a beer, old man 1 ” How many in the gaiety of holiday time have taken the trouble to look over the ledger of accounts of ’70, adding up the heavy balance on the wrong side, and de termining to make a fresh and a fair start. I am afraid that few, indeed, have hnd the courage or inclination to scrutinise the past too closely, It is dull work poring over bad dobts when we owe them, and we are mostly contented and unthonghtfully happy to begin the new as we leave the old in a round of pleasure, leaving the reckoning until time and convenience—which never come—arrive. Although not strictly a socialist, man ns an animal is not of solitary habits, having a deal of the sheep in his composition, especi ally the female man, the resemblance being strikingly true about the head—not in the mildness of facial expression, but in the- im mensity of jaw common to each ! Like- sheep we go astray, and like them follow each other without knowing or inquiring why. I sup pose it was this sheepishness—of which I have a fair share—which caused me to attend the midsummer meeting of the V.K.C. on New Year's Day, where I enjoyed a pleasant ! day’s amusement and some very good racing, with thg exception of that which was spoiled’ : by the flagrant swindling of a class who from sordid motives, disgrace and spoil a noble sport, and reduce an institution in tended for the development of strength, speed, and endurance, to a systematic game of -swindle. “ Consider the lillies of the field ” rose to mind as I looked at the Dawn and Stand blaring resplendent with the flashy brilliancy and da-.sling gorgeousness of female attire as the wearers did the walk round, pigeon in sc- mi-galoot style. I considered the ladies on the field that they toil not, spin not, neither do they reap, and I don’t think that Solomon in all his glory was arrayed like one of them ! I do not believe that be ever dreamt of the false hair, frills, flowers, flounces, panniers, bends, improvers, Incest glaces, reps, grenadines, and moire antiques, in which moderns cut such precious antics, and arc indispensably part and parcel of the destined mammas of a future people. Know ing that it is impossible to gather figs of a thistle, one can hardly help wondering what the people of 1970 will be like, considering that the parental stems at present nre as whited sepulchres, full of deadened feelings, vitiated tastes, and all manner of corruption. We fix the standard of excellence for our daughters at grinding an Italian fantasie out of a piano, or singing a frothy Drench roun- i deau in a barrow tone. They can make paper flowers to festoon a sb;rt front, wax ditto to ornament coat tails, or a leather frame for a marriage settlement, and accom plishment ends. Ask for a button hole in your linen, and you will get one made which will hardly admit the point of a bodkin, or else you will slip your head through it in mistake for the neck ! Considering their useless and varied accomplishments, I can hardly refrain from thinking and saying, God help the coming man ! This last addition to the brilliant runs achieved by the St. (hyth should be sufficient to convince the most sceptical that her suc cess is duo to something more than mere flnko ; as the way shj waltzes through places the practability and preferableness of the much-disputed Cape route beyond question, and points to it as the highway for the colo nies in their intercourse with the old world. Australia is not only highly indebted to the enterprising owners of this splendid line of steamers for shortening by one half the in terval usually occupied in the trip, but also for the more expeditious delivery of the European mails. The fact of having such speedy and formidable rivals to compete with, and a prospect of perhaps losing the exclusive monopoly so long enjoyed, has put the P. and 0. Company on its metal, and made, it study punctuality and the require ments of its liberal employers a little more than coal-hoarding. With such spirited com petitors on the water, a smaller subsidy and quicker time may be safely anticipated in the next mail contract, both of which will materially affect the welfare of the colony. How some of the old identities must stare at the wearily, monotonous, dyspepsia-breeding, six months’ voyage of ’3S being reduced to a honeymoon pleasure-trip in ’75 1 So much for the eternal progression of mankind, in spite of the little standstills and backgoingn which at times retard the onward course. The sick man of the East is still the all absorbing subject of interest in Europe. Turkey, through the luxurious indolence, bad management, and capricious despotism of its rulers, is tumbling to pieces ; Mabommeds and Solimans arc no more; and the crescent once the terror of the world looks likely to become like one of the Fakir of Ooln’s ghosts. Russia—which since the time of Pc-ter the Great has been spreading like some foul, festering cancer, and grasping whole nations in its tyrannical, soul-'deadening embrace— looks greedily on, like a vulture ready to swoop down on its helpless victim, and only withheld by the neighbouring jackals in clined to have a foot in the matter. Twenty three years ago England spent ninety millions of money, and the blood of thousands of her bravest sons, in pillowing this rotten empire and averting for a while its impend ing fate, and will, I suppose, if required to again go in knee deep. Money and life are so disgustingly plentiful in the old home that the aristocratic rulers prefer shedding both like water in molly coddling an imbacile monarchy rather than taking one bold step towards placing a despot-ridden people under a sound, liberal, constitutional Government, where they may have some little say in their own welfare, and use their energies in extri cating themselves from a position like "between the devil and the deep, or from fal ling out of the fiying into the fire.” What about the Williamstown Howing Club l The nautical members of that institu tion seem to have kept unusually quiet dur the gay and festive season, when one would naturally expect to hear a little of their do ings on water. Have they given up the pure and simple fluid—the delight of Good Temp lars—and taken to beer in the holidays, eh 1 Tl,e hot weather could not have affected them, as we have not had any, J am afraid [ the ephemeral enthusiasm and prowess bare ended in wind instead of on water, and that the Club requires more energy, pluck, and perseverance before it will be heard of. Dreaming of a thing is not the way to go in and get a name up. Members ought to re member that there is no royal road to boat ing anymore than other works of skill and endurance, and feather bed or fireside rowers nre too pusillanimous objects to be patronised by a sympathising public. The returns of the passenger traffic on the railways for the Christmas week prove in a most pleasant manner the assertion recently made in Parliament by Mr Wood* that lines arc constructed for political purposes, and witliont regard to their necessity orthe traffic; of the district they traverse. During the week the passengers on the 'Williamstown liner amounted to3,(Kid . On the Ararat 1G souls : while that of the Beechworth line was only six persons ! and these possibly a member of Parliament, a policeman, n superannuated, shepherd, a fossilnted old woman, and two children cutting their teeth 1 And this on a. 1 line about which there was such n fuss, which, has cost the country such an amount of money aud which is twice the length of the 'Wil liamstown branch, but then Beechwortlris man was once a chief and is now a Minister, which may possibly account for making railways through worked-out country. Truly the ways of Ministers are mysterious. I heard a shell back speak of an engine and two trucks being used to carry one bag of potatoes to the mail steamer at the dock wltarf, and, said the tar, “ Blow me I if tho business would pay for matches for the driver to light his pipe with.” The Beechworth. traffic, according to returns, would not pay the purchase of dirty used-up waste to wipe the coal dust out the fireman’s INAFOCr. 