PICKENS FROM THE SPHERES. At the Alfred Hall Assembty-room, on Wednesday evening (says the Ballarat Star), Mr Martcll, lecturer on Spiritism, delivered a discourse, purporting to be a recti}" cuniinuukat-ed by tlie Łpirit of Ciiarles Dickeas to the lecturer. The attendance was very small, bat in spite of this, shortly after eight o'clock, MrMarteil mounted the platform. He said that snme mouths ago the spirit of Charles Dickens had appeared to him, and pror misedto deliver, through him, a series 0f lectures or critiques upon his own dories. This had been recently fulfilled, and the lecture he would read was, and must he taken as, the words of Dickens, „ho would be represented by hiin. The "spirit," asking for a gracious hearing, stated that in life he had looked upon the I return of disembodied spirits to earth as vciy improbable, though not impossible. Eijicri'fuce had taught him differently, that the heavy gates that opened to retire tlie soul did not shut closely behind its, and that some souls were allowed to resume works for tlie benefit of manj^nd which might have engaged their attention during mortal life. That the spirit nature was not immediately changed after death was shown by the fact that he held manv of his wayward fancies still, though ; sometimes reproved by his wiser friends. Seeing, however, more clearly now how nreat work remained to be done on eartli in uiciilcating Christian and brotherly love {or each other among men, he had been allowed to borrow the form of a friendly mortal, to endeavor, by doing some part of this work, to fit himself for a higher sphere in spirit life. In his present sphere he was surrounded by many old friends—Leech, Jerrold, and Hook were nitu him. Marryatt, whose earnest labors he now appreciated, and Thackeray, the depth of whose satire had been concealed from him formerly by its simplicity, were ivitli himself as read}' to assist in relieving human suffering- as when, in life, they chafed, wrote, and sympathised with it. In future lectures he would lift tlie veil of spiritland, and let mortals hare glimpses of the mysteries of the future, but now he must deal with reminiscences of- the past. It was a weakness of authors to have favorites among their own works, and 6ome of his own favorites were the Christmas books. 1 ' In the story of Scrooge and Marley he now.recognised how near what he then thought merely a vagrant fancy was to tlie truth. The lecturer then read, with very good elocutionary efieet, the scene in Scrooge's bedroom on Christmas Eve, between tbe .dead-hearted old badielor and the ghost of his former partner. Resuming as the spirit of Dickens, the lecturer went on to that in spirit land state Dickens loved to ponder upon such revelations of human nature as were given by Scrooge, and contended that most works of genius were inspired by spirits. These spirits were content to" make mortals instruments to carry out their ideas and wishes for the welfare of other mortals, since by these good deeds they themselves atoned in some measure for their omissions during life. The lecturer, or Bpirit, by extracts from the tale of Scrooge and Marley, showed how sympathy with others and practical expressions of this sympathy, brought their own reward in pappiness and human love. Tile tone of 1 the lecture was very much in the style of Dicheus' writing— so like, in fact, that several times 'we "noticfed short sentences and paragraphs from his novels and sketches. At its conclusion Air Marteli announced that Dickens had promised to communicate to him in a few weeks a lecture -on the "Foibles of Pickwick," which would afterwards be delivered publicly. The spirit had also spoken of an Australian novel, but nothing definite was stated thereanent. 