THE PERSECUTION OF THE CHURCH IN GERMANY. PERSECUTION rages round the Church on every side, and in every quarter, if we may not except Ecuador. Never before in her. history was the war against her universal as it is now. Usually the assaults were geographically limited, and when they were most widely extended they did not embrace the greater part of Europe. And at the worst of times in the past there was no such alienation of nominally Catholic governments as there is in the present day. The Church has heretofore suffered from defections of the kind but never to the extent which her faithful children have now to deplore. Everywhere at present the secular arm is raised against her, and never before was she so destitute of temporal power as a weapon of defence. She is forsaken by the great men of the earth, and her faithful children are comparatively speaking the humble and the poor. If God's help were not now with her she should surely perish, for the world with all the power at its command is endeavouring to compass her destruction. It works with weapons designed and fabricated in hell, and in no place are these employed so malignantly and ruthlessly as they are in Germany at present. By every means the subtle enemy of God and man could invent, the faith of the German Catholics is assailed. Amongst atheists and deists there is a conspiracy to poison their minds against Christian truths and Catholic doctrines. The strongest temptations are held out to them to abjure the faith, and when resisting they obey the law of God rather than that of man, they have to endure grievous oppression. Their persecutors, hoping that flocks deprived of their pastors would go astray, and so could be easily ensnared from the truth, banished several of their bishops and priests, and imposed such restrictions on the ministrations of those not 60 treated that they are seriously em barrassed, and even crippled in the discharge of their duties. These persecutors of God's Church by fines and imprisonment have impoverished and broken down the health of His priests, and the crowning act of infamy on their part was to render it penal for the Catholic laity to subscribe for the relief of their distressed bishops and clergy. In the July number ef the Month, there is an article entitled Present Effects of the Bismarckian Persecution," which exposes the hard ships which the clergy in some in stances have to endure. For long extracts from it we cannot make room in the crowded state of our columns this week, but we shall quote in an abridged form a few passages that arrested our attention as we cursorily looked through it. But these, we should remark, do not represent the case in so painful a light as other authentic reports with which we have met. The writer of the paper evidently did not fall in with the worst cases of the kind; but, nevertheless, those lie relates will convey some idea of the poverty and:,distress to which even dignitaries of> the . Church are reduced.:' • _ . Of Treves jt is, said—" Like the bishop all his canqiis were living on alms. . . "f «Ply. i* PP v e#J of the clergy, ^ixeme, but there is »o wWthy olMB of (Catholics to pap- ort them. The "clergy are in sore eed of funds from fcutside.". And uch the sartie state 1 of things prevails n Cologne. A cation cif the dibcese aid, "I have had all my own. furniure seized and sold—everything I had." The bishop of Limburg, in describing the state of destitution to which he had been reduced, said—- " I have nothing of my own." And the canons, like the bishop, had lost everything. Of them it is said:— The canons have lost their capitular salaries, and are dependent on offerings made to them in the shape of alms, or on what they may get as teachers. One was mentioned to us as selling his. books and personal belongings, to postpone as long as possible the necessity of beeoming a burden to the diooese; He is the first in dignity. Another has reduced his personal wants to the use of meat at one meal only during the week. When an offer of alms was made to the canons, it was declined in favour of the general body of their brother-priests. They Baid—" We cannot acoept relief for ourselves first; we must share and share alike with other sufferers in the dioeeBe." It is Baid of the oanons of the diocese of Padderbom, that they are the most destitute of the olergy, that «• half of the entire 1 number (of priests) have loBt all; the rest are beggared in various degrees." The report of the diocese of Osnabruck is—"The bishops and oanons are without their incomes, and many priests are severely pressed." Many details such as these are given through the paper, but it is needless to repeat them. But, as showing how the persecution operates in another direction, the following passage is interesting :— The Government have been making great efforts since the passing of these laws (the May laws) to root out from the young, both of the higher and lower ranks, the practical religions training of past days. The children are no longer allowed to begin the schoolday in the Cathedral and other churches. The governesses are liable to fines if they are seen there along with their pupils. The teaobing of religion as an intimate and essential part of the sohool discipline is discouraged or forbidden, and every effort is made to break down the wholesome restraints with which faith and piety had so long fenced round the early training of all children, of what rank or degree soever. Enough has been written to convey to our readers sufficient information as to the nature of the persecution in Germany, and it is further only neces sary for us to refer to the collection that will be made to-morrow in the churches of the archdiocese in aid of the German clergy. No Catholic of any nationality can hold himself absolved from an obligation to contribute something to this charitable object. Every true Catholic must feel that when the Church is hurt anywhere she suffers everywhere. Unity is one of the gifts which the Holy Ghost con- ferred on her, and the Catholic heart with sympathies for all in the brotherhood of faith,always bears testimony to that divine gift. In the Church's unity is her strength against her oppres sors, and as these were never before so numerous, so unscrupulous, or so devilish in their arts, so it is most necessary that her children should now give ready and good proof that they are everywhere one in their attachment to her, and thus convince her enemies that over two hundred millions of Catholics, who are scattered over the earth's surface, must be annihilated before the faith they profess is destroyed. Atheists, deists, rationalists, and intolerant Protestants do not think of this, but we hope that Catholics by their liberality on this occasion will impressively read them that lesson. The following notice of motion was given in the House on Tuesday evening. Sir C. G. Duffy: To move that there be laid upon the table of this House, to complete the papers connected with the Kilmany Park land sale, all the letters of Mr. William Pearson and George Cupit, Lettebs were received at Ballarat on Monday from Major Sleep and Captain Greenfield, in which the latter gentleman states that the Australian team shot under great disadvantages at Wimbledon, having travelled three days and nights m the train to reach London in time, hut that they were successful in carrying off twenty four prizes, of which seven fell fcohiB own Sl l Mr. s. H. Abbott, of Sandhurst, has been elected for the vacant seat in the Legislative Conncil for the North-western Province by a small majority over the late representative,' Mr. A. Fraser. , A ^bsT- ot^icE haS been 'opened at Buruiah, hear' Echuea^a post-office ravings franW at Bunhymeod rknd money offices a ! GoBtMeld ftndPTWPymwle' ^ The post-office at Domailes's near Beechworth,' has been: qlosefl,. r Mr. E. A. Pubceia, Yea; has been ap- • pointed deputy eleptpral registrar -for the Yea division^ These were 180 births and 93 deaths is the metropolis and suburbB during the . week ending 9th September. A bkwabd of £25 will be paid by the Government for information that will lead to the conviction of the .person who caused fire at Burigaree on the 28th August last. Cbown Lauds.—A sale of Crown Lands, was held on Tuesday, at the rooms Of the Government auctioneers, Messrs. John Buchan and Co., Queen-street. The land catalogued consisted of conntry lots in the parishes of Macedon, Frenoh Island, Gembrook, Pakenbam, Warrsgul, Cormella, and Frankston. The attendance was very fair, and all the lots offered were disposed of, with the exception of one, whieh wassituated at Braybrook. The total amount realised by the sale was £1600. The Athen&uh.;—The result of the ballot of the members taken to decide the .vexed question as to whether the Melbourne Athenaum should be thrown open to the members on the seventh day was made known on Wednesday. The polling was as follows: for dosing, 534; for opening, 492 ; majority for olosi&g;, .42. About.500 members-of-the institution did not exercise their privilege of voting. 