THE FUNERAL OF THE LATE MAYOR. Yesterday afternoon the remains of the late Mr. Henry Hattam, who, at the time of his death, occupied the position of Mayor of the City of Sandhurst, were consigned to their last resting place in the Back Creek Cemetery. The deceased gentleman had pained such universal respect by the frank, open hearted, and liberal minded spirit which he had displayed during his, comparatively speaking, short career in public life, that most of the leading residents of the district were induced to take part in the mournful proceedings, and pay the last tribute respect to one who was highly esteemed by each and every individual who had had occasion to meet him in either his private or public cha- racter. Such an event as the burial of the Mayor of Sandhurst would, of course, be sufficient to demand of the principal caucus their attendance to witness the obsequies but, in this case especially, when a gentle- man so well known as Mr Hattam was taken away by the ruthless hand of Death, it would naturally be expected that the general public would turn out _en masse_. it was therefore no matter of surprise or wonderment to anyone acquainted with the circumstances of the deceased gentleman's demise to see such a Iong cortege as yesterday followed his body to the cemetery. The hour appointed for the starting of the funeral procession was four o'clock but some considerable time before that the streets in Long Gully, in the neighborhood of Mr Hattam's late residence, were pretty well blocked up with vehicles of all descriptions, and by throngs of persons of all sexes and ages. By four o'clock the crush was so great that it was almost an impossibility to pass anywhere, but on the first token of the removal of the coffin being given, the cabs and vehicles were soon alted, and arranged in proper order by the Grand Marshal, Mr W. C. Vahland. The choir of the Long Gully Wesleyan Church, of which con- gregation the deceased gentleman was a member, sang a hymn in the house - one appropriate to the occasion - and then the coffin was carried to the hearse. A start was very soon effected, the (..l iiieipal part of the procession being formed as follows. First came the fire brigades of the city, the members of each body mustering in good force in full dress, and arranged in the following order:- Long Gully, City, No 1 and Temperance brigades They were followed by the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows, and the Ancient Order of Foresters, with both of which Mr. Hattam was connected, the different orders appearing in the mourning regalia worn by them. These were succeeded by the Golden and Corinthian and Zenith lodges of Freemasons, the number of members from both lodges who marched in procession being close on 200. The whole of the members turned out in Masonic mourning regalia, the different office bearers being distinguished by the insignia attached to their posstitions and the emblems which they carried. This was, without doubt, the most imposing part of the procession, and the general effect was increased by each Mason carrying in his hand a small branch of acacia. Following the Masons there came a buggy, in which the Revs. H. Bath and T. James, Wesleyan ministers, were seated. In their rear came the hearse drawn by four jet black horses, arrayed in the most elaborate style, fully befitting the occa- sion. The two mourning coaches which fol- lowed in the rear of the hearse conveyed the nearest male relatives of Mr Hattam. The late colleagues of the deceased gentleman in muni- cipal affairs came next, the eight councillors being present, and they were succeeded by the representatives of the district in Parliament - Messrs Mackay and Burrowes. The members of the Eaglehawk Borough Council assumed the next position, and they were followed by Messrs Abbatt, Fraser, Dawborn, and Castlehow, representatives of the Sandhurst School Board of Advice, of which body Mr Hattam was a member, he having been returned at the head of the poll at the first election of the board. After these came the principal residents and friends of the deceased in private vehicles and cabs. The total number of conveyances in the procession was 85, and its length cannot be better shown than by stating that when the firemen were crossing the railway bridge at the top ot Mitchell-street the last cab was situated between the Albion Hotel and the Masonic Hall. ln order that the persons attending the funeral might not be inconvenienced by the raising of clouds of dust, the excellent precaution was taken of having the road from Long Gully to the cemetery watered during the afternoon. The footpaths along the route were lined with spectators, and amongst the great assembiage of both old and young there was but one sentiment, and that was of regret that such an estimable and worthy citizen should be cut off from all worldly connections at such an early period in his life. Arrived at the cemetery, it was found that a large number of citzens, anxious to witness the last funeral rites, had gathered there. The firemen marched through the gate straight to the grave, which is situated on the lower portion of the plot of ground allotted to the Wesleyan Church, and there formed a circle to prevent any unnecessary crush during the solemn cere- monies. The City Councillors acted as pall bearers, and the same order of procession was observed to the grave as on the road to the cemetery. The relatives of the deceased and the members of the Masonic lodges and friendly societies took up positions inside the ring formed by the fire- men, and the coffin having been deposited on the rests, the Rev. H. Bath read the first part of the burial service of the Wesleyan Church, when the coffin was lowered into the grave. The Rev. T. James then stated that he had been requested by several citizens to prepare and read an address suitable to the occasion. He then proceeded as follows:- "The event which occupies our thoughts and fills all our hearts to-day is very solemn and very suggestive. Death lies at such cross pur- poses with everything that constitutes our common life, and thwarts all our ordinary hopes with such scant ceremony, that his coming is always an abrupt and startling dispensation; and his approach is never without the concur- rent advent of apprehension and terror. The whole world holds back from everything like an alliance with death. It does not lie in human nature that men should become reconciled to the startling and disenchanting fact by which their lives are terminated. The old are scarcely less repelled by the prospect than the young; while the bare idea of death, in the cases of those who have come to middle life, re-inspires and intensifies the habits and aptitudes by which those who are in the midst of life's work; and who stand directly under its responsibili- ties, cling to the present and the palpable. This is the case of a young man, as men count years who have passed into the meridian of life, but of one, nevertheless, who had come to the full maturity of honor, responsibility, and influence. The reasons for his elevation to the position in which death found him are to be sought, not less in his marked and personal characteristics than in the external accidents and circumstances that afforded fair scope and ample exercise for such gifts as he possessed. The chances, which like the mischances in this new country, appear to fall with so much indis- crimination and so little reason, came to him early in life, and without any merit on his part but that of a judgment shrewdly exercised, and industry patiently persevered in; but this at least was his merit, that he knew how to seize upou his advantage, and turn it to good account, in this respect he was the architect of his own fortune. His life is the proof that there was the light in him of an ambition more relative, and lying outside of self, than the low and animal one that limits its hopes to eating and drinking, and confines its aspirations to mere personal gratification and enjoyment. I do not say that his ambition was of the highest, but I do assert that it was higher much than the lowest, and that it furnished a proof of his quality, and a prophecy of what his life might have grown to. There were natural elements of character in him that constituted his sufficient claim to the estimation in which he was held, and that entitled him to the hopes which his best friends had concerning him. He was naturally astute, reflective, and far-seeing, but his character was marked at the same time by a very fair degree of simplicity, transparency, candor, and honesty. He rose above those amongst whom his early lot had been cast, both in circumstances and position; but he neither discarded them, nor held himself aloof from their interests, but bore himself like one who was more concerned to be of service in their ranks than to prove himself superior to their condition. He never grew away from his own people, but was always accessible to them, and frank and fearless among them, as one con- scious of his honesty, and of his real readiness to serve where service was demanded. The same moral qualities that made him a prince amongst his own people made him also, in due time, the peer of men whose antecedent advan- tages had been greatly in excess of his. He fairly won his way, not by mere push, aud greed, and elbowing self-assertion, but by the exercise of qualities rather that cannot be made to stoop for long to such base uses. What there was in him came out, and he gained the hearts of men by making but little pretention to anything really beyond him. He was not of the bogus, wind blown sort, who puff themselves out, and, ignoring alike their own deficiencies and the inevitable criticisms of their fellow-men, serenely and complacently sail through life with their heads in a cloud, imagining, with a strained and forced egotism, that they are amongst the gods; the while they are, by their very unreality and hollowness, amongst the lowest of the very low. On the contrary, he was open, homely, and of more modesty than mostly marks those who may be said to owe their elevation to them- selves. He was a self-made man, with fair promise of a growing completeness of character, because he honestly recognised the necessity of being a learner. His intercourse with his friends, and the exigencies of the public and honorable positions which he was called on to fill were carefully and industriously used to this purpose, the while his general unpretentiousness and friendliness of disposition neutralized opposition, and secured for him the prompt facilities he needed to help his public advancement. The proof that he did his work, and wore his honors in a manner which won the approval of those most competent to judge in the case, is before us in the fact that, in lamenting the loss of our friend, we are sorrow- ing also for the removal of the chief magistrate of this influential and growing city from the highest local honor to which his fellow citizens could raise him. "There are many whose lives are of a dual character, the one half of which is but little to their credit. They put on the smooth side of themselves for the public, and expose the rough side at home. They are all smiles and polite- ness and affability to those whose criticism they fear, and whose approbation they have a morbid hunger for, and brusque, inattentive, and savage to a degree at home, where they know they can display their ill temper and coarseness with impunity. The strain which is involved in their behaving well in the streets works out its re- venges in their own houses; and, saints abroad, they are anything but saints at home. A man's true character comes out in unseen places, and if those who are the witnesses of his more covert and undress life cannot speak of patience, self- denial, self-control, or tenderness, the probability is that there is little indeed of any of these things to speak of. This man was seen at his best in his own house. While he was open- handed to his friends, his best and most lavish hospitality that which derives its chief value from the heart which is put into it was re- served for the members of his own household. Like another who moved In the higher walks of Imperial life, he loved those whom it was his duty to love. Of all who are bereaved by his loss, she is the most sorely bereaved who knew him best, and long after he is for- gotten by others, for the goodness and gentle- ness of his life to them, his children will rise up and call him blessed. "I believe that if he could be consulted to-day, there is nothing he would wish me to speak so much as the truth, however adversely it might seem to hear upon himself. Whether or not, I must be permitted to express my sincere regret that during the best years of his life he was but a man of the world. His honor, his objects, and his aspirations were avowedly those of one whose chief aim was rather to please men than to commend himself to God. He wished to achieve for himself an honorable success in life, but this wish was rooted in the things of the present, and did not seek any expansion beyond the boundary line of time. I am compelled to tell you that this, in the life of anyone is a con- dition so deplorable, and disastrous that there are no words to express the full measure of the calamity. I do not dishonor his memory, but I honor the truth, as I am bound, when I say this. And more, I am giving to you the con- fession and the corroboration of his own last utterances. He had come of a godly stock, and in the days of his youth had submitted himself for a considerable period to the controlling influence of the unseen and eternal but later in life, under the power of temptation and the seduction of the things of this world, he dis- carded the practical import of the faith of his best days, and relinquished the pursuit of that kingdom which is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. Dugald Stewart somewhere says that a man's first and last thoughts agree. It seems to have been after this manner in this case. When it came to the last, and God had built a wall, hard as adamant and blank as eternal night, between him and his former prospects, he confessed the futility of his hopes, and bewailed the vanity of his pursuits, crying out, with the heartfelt sincerity of the true con- viction which had come at Iast - "What is the worth to me now of those things which I have struggled and wrought for, and in the hope of which I have spent my days and my nights? All that this world can offer me now is less than nothing, is lighter than vanity. I had spoken to him before on the all engrossing subject from which there was for him now no escape, but my words had been warded oft with a subtle dexterity, born of false hopes and a lingering love of the world. But now all that was changed. His face was turned towards eternity by the force of a grasp in which the strong are powerless as the weak, and when I said to him, "There is no need for you to perplex yourself about questions, or to trouble your mind with doubts or difficulties. The one thing necessary is that you forego your hold upon everything here, and surrender yourself without reservation or afterthought to God and His almighty mercy;" he replied, "I have done all that, and feel that through that mercy I am forgiven and saved." His last words to me a few hours only before his death were, "I feel confident that through the goodness of God, I shall go to heaven." To his children he said that he should soon be with Jesus the Saviour of sinful men. A child once more, he had come back to the Father's house, and found, as all find who so come, that He waiteth to be gracious. Thereafter, he soon passed away, leaving behind him a name which will be held in honor; a memory which his friends will recall with affectionate recollection; an example which must stir many to industry, and provoke to emulation, and best of all, by far, another proof, as I humbly and earnestly think, of the unspeakable clemency of that Great Being whose goodness before life and after death, and whose tender mercies are over all His works." The Rev. H. Bath then read the burial service, after which the Rev. J. C. Mac- Cullagh, chaplain of the Golden and Coriu- thian Lodge, read the Masonic service, after which the Masons assembled, and sang their funeral hymn. Mr. T. H. Henderson, the Worshipful Master of the Golden and Corin- thian Lodge, also read another service of the order. The members of the two lodges then performed their peculiar mystical ceremonies, their movements ending in each member casting into the grave the branch of acacia borne by him. This concluded the funeral obsequies, the mournful assemblage dispersed, the coffin was covered, and thus was paid the last tribute of respect to one who, during his life, had played a conspicuous part - and that well - for the ad- vancement and welfare of his fellow citizens. 