EUROPE. The Free Handicap race at Newmarket oa April 20 was won by Maitland. Preakness, the American horse, was fourth. A Caloutta telegram received in England announces that 17 persons implicated in the murder of Mr. Margary, of the English Expedition, willi be executed at Bahama on May 5, in the presence of the English escort. • The ship Victory, from Shields for San Francisco, is reported lost with all on^ board. N® particulars have been received. A desperate fight took place in the streets of limerick on the 17th of April. Stews. Butt and O'Shaughnessy, members of Parliament for the city, announced their intention of addressing the people from the base of O'Connell's monument. A procession, number; ing some thousands, consisting principally of Trade Guilds, with bands and banners, consequently marched to the place, and a body of Nationalists armed with sticks, who had previously taken possession of the monument^ attacked the procession. The Nationalists were overpowered after a severe fight, in whioh many persons received deadly injuries. Thepolioe and. military were under arms, but arateinel from interference. . . A-rumour is afloat that a British Legation fc to e established at Cairo. The story is doubtful, because such a recognition of Egypt would 00 a direct insult to Turkey. Mr Disraeli, in the House of Commons on the 25th April, gave Mr. Fawcett no encouragement on the latter's motion for an address to the Queen, praying her not to accept the title of Empress. Mr. Fawcett gave notice of a more strineent motion, amounting to a vote of censure. In the Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice an order was make on April 5 for the release of the Franconia, which had been arrested at the instance of the proprietors of the steamer Strathclyde and the owners of the cargo on board that ship. It was arranged that £8 per ton {and a certain amount for costs should be paid into Court as security in respect of the suits instituted on behalf of the owners of the- Strathclyde against the owners of the Franconiain a sum of between £60,000 and £70,000. Divers are at work salving the cargo of the Strathclyde. The steamship Octavia, which by a Spanish m£i-of-war near St. Thomas^, ha* bLn released. She was suspected, of havigj arms and ammunition for ttie <5uban msurgente, and before she was released her masterf wnished Sir William Grey, the Governor, with security sepirity against her acting in any way illegally. Signor Rossi was to make his first appearance before an English audience in Italian «t Drurylane 1 Theatre on April 19. His opening piece was {to be Hamlet" Signor Salvini has appeared in Edinburgh in Othello, and has had a cordial reception. He comes to London early in the summer. It is said that efforts are again being made to secure the appearance of Mdmo. RistCri, Signor Salvini, and Signer Rossi in the same nlav. The plavs spoken of are •'Macbeth,". Lady Macbeth, and Rossi as Macduff; and " Hamlet," with Salvini as Hamlet, Ristori a3 the Queen, and Rossi as the Ghost The following are the month's shipments, from "Stables's Circular:"—They amount "to £1,UB6,200; increase £170,900. To Melbourne, £416,800; • Sydney, £322,900; Queensland, 200; Adelaide, <181,3J0] Tasjaapia,£18 J60Q; New Zealand, The mictWl shipmeats to Melbourne are—Drapery, £104,926; dressed and •wrought leather, £28,82$; unpowder, 379 cwt.; bar and -rod' iron, t.305 tons; ho*p-iron, 502 tons; plate and sheet iron, 154 tons; pig-iron, 16 tonsf galvanized, 6,504 tone; tinplates, 2,309 boxes; linseed oil, 10,334 galls.; woolpacfc", £3,290; flooring-boards, 184 loads; tobaooo, 125,367 lbs.; bulk brandy, <62,251 galls.; oase, 15,-571; rum, 6,039 galls.; geneva, 29,750 galls.; British spirits, 24,582 galls,; red wine, 17.178 galls.; •white wine, 13.855galls.; bulk beer. 357 barrels; bottled beer, (85 barrels; matt, 2,254 quartan; hops, 82cwt.; white salt, 1,095 tons; rock salt, 165 tons; candles, 962 cwfc. A hostile encounter ias occurred between M. Feuilrhade and M. Ollivier. The former, aged 83, is the son of the late Colonel of Engineers, aide-de-camp to Marshal Yailiant. The latter, who is rsiae years younger, is also of good family, and served as a sub-lieutenant of Lanoors during the war. The cause of 'the quarrel '(says Qaliqnani) was a woman,' the -aster of & dasvsxue at the Gait-e Theatre, and the duel was fought at a short distance, from Longway, jast across the frontier of Luxembourg. The combat was long sad deter- •mined, and three times the seconds intervened "to allow the adversaries to take rest. At fee fourth attack each adversary made a thmgt;. ^thout attempting to parry. M. Feuilrhaiei 'received a wound in the side, while his sword- : •point entered the breast of M. OSivier above j the nipple, and reached the heart, killing him i \- on the spot. The parties returned to Lragwy : by the carriage in which they had left in tire morning, afid where the body of the unfortunate gentleman was embalmed. His •fcneral has since been performed at liaisons-Aifart, ne4r Paris. The Jowmal dt Charieroi reports an extraordinary ^accident ias having -occurred at Ardennes, near Namnfr, to <tbe ei^iressfc-ain from ' Cologne'to Paris. r After leerefag Ardenneathe engine ran into a cart laden with ^gunpowder that wwcroesing the IKS tot 'fiie moment. The shook caused an immediate -explosion, and the train is stated to have boen 'lifted completely-off the line and settled down again on'the rails. All the 'carriages were ffiaore or leae damaged, tike glaBS windows being destroyed and the -curtains burnt. The smoke prddaced by the explosion was' -so great that the employee at "first imagined that the engine itself bad -exploded. It appears that the cart, which was laden with'three barrels of gunpowder, had incautiously been -allowed to cross the rails -at the momeet the-expresa was due. The 'driver ef the cart and the horse were both -seriously injered, the cart being smashed <to -fragments. The -vrindows of the adjoining houses were -«3so destroyed. "Strange to say,lie passengers in the'irainall \- escaped serious injury, wh&t; Hie carriages had the appearance -of having beenenfire. : \- The trial , in Busda cn Herf Btrousberg, tiib railway king, wasto begindn'the20th : May. TheSf. Peleronay GsseHeot April 25 s^ys; the fears. entertained for the peaee of "Europe are groundless. The -'Sultan has instructed his Foreign Minister emphatically -to disavowany aggressive Mention, and to give assurances that the military movements in Albia&ia-sreonly; defensive. The St. Petersburg - correspondent of the North German Gazette writes that the Czar appears very happy to have bis slaughter, the Duchess of Edinburgh,, once more with him. His please&demeanour; is generally noticed. Father and daughter-are seen 'much together in public. They take daily , drives together, and have, among other things, -rioted various girls'-schools, in the ocndoct-of which the®aahess takes a lively interest, •:.. In. Hillah and .Bagdad, from March 28 to April 14, there we re "217 deaths from the plague. It has now crossed the left bank of the Tigris. The foreign Ambassadors at Constantinople have remonstrated against the Part bringing into Europe troops from Bagdad on account of the plague, 