HXTIiAOP.DIXAUY LUXACV. AT thc (Jitennbeynu Police Court (says thu Age), a young man who gave hin name aa .Sir Thom.T llnwe. Horn, K.C.It., anti who had hcuu arrested on a charge of lunacy, waa brought up for examination, ami ruiuuuileil for medical evidence. Thu unfortu- nate young niau, who gavu bia agu aa .'111, but ap* pours to bu ipiitu tun years younger, is the same who attempted to cross tho Yass Uiver iii a statu of Hood, and was in danger of drowning by being swept down over tho (¡lindaron eausoway. Itu isa perfect stranger in these parts, and ill his wander. inga has been subsisting un charity. Ho says hu caine from .Melbourne whore hu was authorised by (jud and Christ to assume tho titlo of Knight Com- panion of the Hath, as a reward for picking oakum for three mouths mid cleaning out thu bath used by Sir Cavan Dully, Sir liediuoud Harry, and Sir lohn O'shanassy, who being Knight Commanders of thu Hath, commanded him to do sn. Hu also ap- pears to be religiously mad, amt a diary kept by him abounds with texts of scripture mixed incoherently together, and he earlies a fuw leaves of a bilde to which he ascribes his preservation from death when in the river and on other occasions. On Wednes- day Dr. Moiton mid Dr. Maeniieen gave evidence to thu ull'cet that although thu patient wai docilu mid gentle, he was sulfuring fruin positivo dementia, the subject of strange hallucinations, below pur in physical health, and quito unlit to taku care of himself or to go ut large. He was ordered to be sent to thu receiving.house at Darlinghurst, A Linciturs (¡HOST.-lt in not always well to lio ton valiant, oven in thu company of ghosts, Some tim« »iiicu (says thu Doily Ttlryrnph) tho town In- spector of Williamstown in passing through thu local cemetery "at tho ilcail nf night, was somewhat startled hy tho smlilcn appearance of a spectre, which ho at once " went for" with his walking stiuk. It was soon apparent that the sprite was no less a person- age than Mrs. .Mary Aim M'tiregor in tho (lesli, who was making her way homo with all haste when the inspector's stlok fell upon her skull. Kor this assault Mrs. M'Clrogor auoil tho inspector yesterday, and uh. tallied damages, with l'.'l fis. lt is hut fair to mid tho inspector thought hu was hoing made thu subject of a practical joko whim ho was startled in tho cerne tory. 