OUK CHUUC11 lis A NI) CLERG Y. . N SI'. ANDREW'S PRI5S BYTE III TYN ? CHURCH, ~ ML. \ 1 ?. 1-K ... _ .^ St. Andrew's Presbyterian Olntrch, Myor's istreet, is not an ornament to Sandhurst; ir. . ls a Inmharins; building, 'with 110 architec tural pretension : a largo, unfinished, plain. ? . . K'ft fiw»fcoue structure, roofed with slates', .and hiving its y^.-xblo mid to the street. Tlio utiliiiishod portion is this gablo end; hare a tower or steeple is intended to ho erected, ;iul the foundations have been laid. When fcho .mpeMrnioturo will bo raised is unknown; , MOIH-.I say not till the church is out of debt' but as h :avy indebtedness is a chronic coudi- j fcioii of this as well as of ot.iier churches ^withstanding the plain i vjuueuon of St. Paul to " owe no man anything"-there is , ; little probability that the tower or steeple v<H, ever point the way to heaven. Cou -MUermg the indifference with which tho C.Ulve.nis :voat. the aforesaid injunction of the «.p-Mtloj it may reasonably be assumed that, f.-n.n uio h i I example whi^li they set, they : !U-e largely responsible for i-ho evils of the fira.liJ, system. There is a quaint quiet BUiitnas*-iiot grim and rueful, but gravo ttn.l solemn-in tllsa appeatahilo of the edifice, winch eo«v..itwuds vieU.-with tho character istic! of Hie worshippers and tho principles "i I Aijoytorianism. As a ruin situated in a 1 >mny place, it would be\'iwe- imposing. One .la< o.ilv to imagine the ivy green creepin" round its buttresses, hiding its angles, cliiv ito i:i*l darkening its windows, to realise si strnc'uce t!v«f popular imtiuo.ts would soon tegird as a s,u-r, ot enlarged Kirk Alloivay, " W.t.x'e RhaUls and howiets uigluly crv."' ' Ir.j.M au I shrubs have been planted around, «<t ih;'s*j n itu/.il.iy giv-,. ;» ply.-Hant. relief to the som.u-euoss of the building, in front of whuvi, howotfdr, serjral funereal cypress U".<s are ^ro.ving, guint and dismal, fcttod Admirably as dirk companions to ghostly tamos tones, and helping to produce tint sad and serious frame <>[ mind which is supposed to bast lit tho hearer for the reception of the words of tho preacher and the ni ne perfect performance .of sacred duties. On one side of the church is the m.tKSu, with a theatrical verandah front; en the of,her side are the Sabbath soW>iro->tns. S> much for tho <>Utsido. The interior of the church is approached, in front, by a broad flight of sl0ps) la."i. ill/ up to the level of tho tower foundations. A tew more paces bring the visitor through the main entrance into iho porch, which is simply a small portion of the interior boarded oil', immediately opposite to, and extending a littiu on each side of the door. In this p >rch is a form, on which u usually placed a tin bucket of clear water with a couple of ol.iisns, a convenient arrangement for the benefit «f thirsty children and fainting ladies during the intense heat of 311111" iiu-r. A door to tho left leads to one pi-sii'# and a door on the light to another which go straight to the other end of the church, terminating at hack doors for entrance and exit, The seats are ranged on cadi sitlo of these p;i3iagos, Across the main outrank end is the gallery; at the opposite ciil tin pulpit, in front of which are raised seats for the choir, boxod in ami topped with tads Mid a slim-teuvtaiih which, when drawn, allow the head* of tl»os Aingers. Until lately the interior Had a very .limry appearance; but the lofty walls having been touched with the whitewash brush, or rather lavender color, as nuieli cheerfulness as \Vas consistent with the <sase has thereby been produced. The boivvds of tho roof from the ceiling, which. is supported by plain wooden arched work, are strengthened by iron bars, the ?whole being stained a dark color. Pen dant frm:i the roof are two tin funnels, designed to carry off the smoke of the sun lights lix#d at their lower ends. These, wii.Ii o, v.mip'tQ of gas lamps on each side of the Iv.Hpit, and the same number of burners at the other end of tho church', give a dull light during the evening service. There is not enough light to en >I)It! petiplo to sue without straining their eyesight.; but then, as people are supposed to go to church to hear rather, thaw to see, the necessity for more light is perhaps not urgent. Besides there is tho cost; an I this matter of. expense must at all times be, a great '.anxiety, to the managing committee, who have to tied money for a ho.it of church objects *. It may surprise seme to learn that money is required for tho minister's stipend, for the leader of the oil lir, for. the smteur,it,ion fund, for tho aged and infirm ministers' fund, for the widows an.I orphans* fund, the Home Mis sion fund, the Foreign Mission fond, for Sabbath school purposes, for church ordin ances, for the hospital and asylum, for repairs, interest on debt, gene ral expenditure, &i.;, , &c.; and to the credit of the St. A-idro.v's congregation, a liher.il allowance is given to most of them. Returning from this digres sion to. the subject more immediately in vi«w, it may be mentioned that the seals ate st-aight. and ' stilF, like Presbyterians (faiierally; aiid hard, except in a f-sw iu fitances, where the sitters, probably brought "p in the lap of luxury, are unable to con tent themselves with the forms and realitios n! ascetic selt'deuial, and hence they have Cushioned theil' seats, and made themselves »o far comfortable, and the envy of their Iom' fortitnata neighbors. On tho back of oieh pew is a book-board, at tho outer end of' wliieh is fixed a card, having the names of the occupiers of the paw and tho number of sittings owned by each person. The church accomnodates about 450 on the ground fl lor, and 150 ill the gallery. These sittings aro let, but, while a revenue is derived from this source, objections are raised to the practice of seat-letting as being inconsistent with 'the free Gospel. OSjactors say the Gospel sounded forth from St. Andrew's and other pulpits is-" Ho, every one that thirstoth 1 come ye to tho waters, come buy and eat, without inonoy and without price;'' but when the}' accept the glorious invitation and go to have a drink at the fountain they are startled, and fee! as uncomfortable as intruders by hearing the announcement from the pulpit that the half yearly letting of the sittings will take place at such and such a time.-The free invita tion in such a case may be regarded in the light of a pious ducoption, not worse than that of the storekeeper who-proclaims loudly that lie gives away his goods for next to nothing. A row of long narrow windows in e ich side wall, with small diamond- shaped panes and strips of c >lored glass-blue, red, and yellow-forming a border to the windows, admit th^ siinlLdi-,, and throw lines of color aeross the worshippers. The plainness of the end wall' behind the pulpit ii relieved by two small windows and a very beautifully-stained glass window in the form of a shield, the design of which is appro priate, .and coloring artistic. The design represents a dove, a bnrning bush, and a lio i nmpant. At one time such ornamen tations would have b-eu viewed with horror by Presbyterians, but the influence of modern thought and a more e i lightened understanding is gradually modifying ideas as to exterior tilings, and rounding off tho angles of a ayst«m which,{in the full stern ness and unyielding nature of its dogmas, is pjrfectly appalling. Stained glass windows, organs, harmoniums, hymn-books, choirs, etc.. are the xitward symbols of an inward change. The pulpit is the orthodox box at the top of a flight of steps. In front, and elevated a couple of steps above the floor, hit, the cirur. Mrs. Casey is the loader, and the excellent singing of the choir boars ample testimony to her ability. Bosides leading the singing with her voice, she ac companies with tke harmonium. Tho con jin-gation stand when singing and while praying, and tliuy join in the former when the tune is known. On tho wall, ;tfc each side behind the pulpit, the 3iames of the tunes to be sung aro exhibited <I;I a board full in view of tho congregation. This ought to bo an assistance to people who have music books, ami should enable the vocal service to be given more efficiently than otherwise would be tho case. The book <;f psalms and hymns used is that adopted V>V t.he English Presbyterian Church, and as these books contain music for the words, uniformity of Presbyterian congregational singing is obtained; but this is not an un mixed good, for it puts a finality on church psalmody. The tunes and words in the book, and nothing but tj)ese words and, tune3, are nil a congregation can know. No scope is allowed for improvement within theinsolves. Teach tho congregation music, aiul such a system of spoon-fed psalmody will soon bo scouted. Tha Congregation is not what ir, usually styled a fashionable one, but it includes a number of prominent and most respected ciiizenSi The ministet takes his position in tho pulpit at oleveii o'clock in til-; forenoon, and seven o'clock in the even ing, as soon as the church ball coasea. The bulk of tho congregation arc by that time seated, hue still a considerable number hurry in just as the service begins, while a few do not take their seats till tho first prayer is over. I'll is practice of being late for church is not to be commended; it disturbs the con gregation assembled, is annoying to the minister, and is scarcely in keeping with a strict, sense of tha propor object in going to church-namely, to worship tho Creator, and to hoar tho gospel message. Tile Rev. J ames Nish is pastor of tho congregation, a position which ho has occu pied for ovor twenty-one yo.-uvi, and that he lias retained the position for so long a time is evidence of the possession on his part of more than ordinary ability as a preacher. He is a man past the middle ago, of modium height, with a broad, full forehead, and ex pressive eyes. As a Scripture reader his tone is quiet. His uuonuica is distinct, corrcct, and impressive; tho modulation of his voico is good, but never obtrusively shown; in fact., it appears to be lost sight of to tho preacher in the earnestness of the delivery. A reverent attitude ia assumed in prayer, tho body and head being slightly bent, and hands folded resting on the Bible. As a preacher he is clear and decided in his views, iluent and animated in his dis course, commencing quietly, but warming to his subject as lie proceeds. When in tho full glow of his ideas, and in tho heat of an argument on a knotty point-and ho has a partiality for knotty points-ho displays considerable uorrous energy, but without boisteroiisness. Ho is not declamatory, but prefers reasoning tho matter, and quotes chapter and versa readily in support of liiu views. Sensational preaching is not his stylj; something solid and substantial is given instead. Though no*, without pathos, he appeals luoro to tho intellect than to the feelings. Judging from iiis .selection of psalms and hymns, and Ilia, appreciative manner of reading thorn, it may be assumed that, ho admires good poetry. Of language, ho has a groat command, and tho general strain of it is choice, strung, and masculine. Tho thoughts partake of the same character, and give evidence of deep learning and close study. Altogether lie is an admirable repre sentative of a Scotch Presbyterian clergyman, with considerable liberality of view; and hence tho lirm hold he has taken on the esteem and affection of his people. In all matters connected with tho Presbyterian Church he has taken an active and leading part, and tha prudence and sound judgment displayed by him, togother with a know ledge of church procedure, have been so ex ceptional that his services hivo been eagerly retained in the high and responsible oliice of clerk of tho General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church iti Victoria. On the public platform the rorerond gentle man is an etleolivo speaker. Oil a recent occasion the church services were conducted by the llov. Mr Nish. Tlioy wore com menced by the congregation singing the 92ml psalm. The prayer, which followod, was quietly and fervently uttered. The language used was excellent; it was simple, direct, and appropriate. It commouced with an acknowledgment of God's marvellous ways, which were full of wisdom and ministered liberally to our needs. Rogrot was es presso'l that the abundant mercies we re ceived were more apt to ba looked upon an tho result of our own efforts than as gifts from a good and gracious God. Our prono nesj to complain that God deals hardly witli us wlion wo are aillictod was acknowledged, and a petition uttered that His sovereignty should bo accepted, that we might have ful ness of trust in His goodness ; God was blessed for His offers of full and free salva tion to repentant sinners in Christ Jesus, and it was mourned that so many were so lisedless and indifferent to God's mercies. He prayed that we miglit bo made in hoart, life, thought, desire, action, purpose, and attainments what God desires us to bo ; that we might abound in knowledge and wiad?.m from above, and lead lives pure, peaceable, full o£ mercy and good fruits. Tlie privilege of being allowed to meet together for worship was thankfully acknowledged. Prayer was offered for the afflicted, that they might bow submissively to tho stroke; that what was sown in fear might be succeeded with a rich harvest of joy, and he concluded by ascribing to Father, rfo:i, and Holy Ghost praise, honor, and blessing. Tue congregation having resumed their seats, and the bustle of doing so having cuasod, the preacher read the 19th chap, of .Matthew, fr.im tha 22nd verso on to tho 16th verso ot the 20th chap., but made no com ments in explanation. The G6th hymn was then sung, at tho conclusion of which, and before the congregation sat down, the prcaohur ropoated impressively tho Lord's I'rayer. Tiw text of the sermon was then an nounced - Matthew, 19 th chap., 30 *h verso: "But many that are tirst shall be last, and the last shall be tirst." The parable, the preacher procoadod to ox plain, was intruded to teach a prominent characteristic of the Divine procedure, namely, tha Sovereignty of God. The laborers who went out first to labor had no right to murmur because those who went out last were paid an equal wage. Still, the generosity displayed towards the laborers last called was singular, and might be op posed to the COUMO that was prudent for us to pursue, for let it once bo understood that all to whom we offered employment should receive the same wages, and that those who camo late should bo first paid and get the same amount, and few would be found early in the market place; they would hang back until tlie eleventh hour. A man dealing thus would bo regarded as eccentric aud im provident. The adoption of such a course would bo likely to lead to indolence. But, singular as it appears, th«y should remember that tile Most High is not limited in hi3 methods of procedure. That course which, with their limited knowledge, it might, be perilous to adopt, might, with His superior knowledge and wisdom, bo for their best advautago. The text was to il lustrate this truth. Ho would review the text in its dilferent aspects, and first as to the hiring of the servants. They ivoro engaged at the third, sixth, ninth, and eleventh hours, and let it bo noted aft wore hired who were found in the market place each time. The last hired were not men who had previously daclinod, for the offer of em ployment was immediately accepted by all present when made. The employer did not choose the brawniest;, the strongest, tho most active, nor did he wait for them. Tiiey wsro there and accepted his offer ac onco, and at once set out for the vineyard. Thus it should be witlr the Gospel offer of salva tion. It should be accepted at once, and its work begun and prosecuted now and hence forth. Hesitation was a virtual rejection of the offer. The' Master commands that thoy should surrender themselvesatonce, "To- day, if ye will hear my voice, harden not your hearts." They were as men having no lawful employment, or as giving concern to things whioh made them indisposed to accept the invitation of redeeming love. Thoy should search their hearts and find what kept them from accepting. What duties kept them back I There should be none to prevent them believing in God. Ho asked thorn to glance at the amount of wages promised to the laborers. Not only did the Master go at different times to engage the laborers, but he paid them all a penny each. A penny then was called a denarius, and was equal to 7id of money in th» present day. It was the ordinary day's wage of agricultural laborers. The employer in the parable gave an equitable pronvrtional payment,; he w&3 willing to'pay for the .sm' vice rendered, and, while making no pre tensions to benevolence in the matter, he was equally free from a grasping spirit. God does not ask them to spend their strength for nought, but gives a recompense for service exceeding the.ir highest expectations. They would also observe that, while the agreement with tho first was that they should recoivo a penny a day, the last hired had no promise of wages, but were told " Whatso ever is right, that shall ye rocoive," and thoy ware satisliod and went to work. Such was like tho promises of tho Bible, tho blessing depended wholly 011 tho. Pro mts* r, Ha has given Iiis word that whatso ever is right would bo done, and it would be faithfully kept; perhaps not in the way thoy expected, but *u t'10 vvi3r thinks best. They should remember that God was equally just, beneficent, and powerful, and Iiis re wards would be given with unerring wisdom. Thoy had no legal claim. His adorable sovereignty retains these rewards in His own hands. By this Ho trios our faith, and thoreforo it at all times commands our boundless confidence in Him. In tho pay ment for the services of the laborers would bo seen tho principal lesson to be deduced tho sovereignty of God. The moaning, however, had been largely misconceived, as it had been interpreted as giving hope to lato repentance, to which tho parable gives no countenance. The invitations of grace woro to all, aud whosoever came would novor be cast out; but tho teachings of the Bible wore tho immediate acceptance of tho oilers of mercy; there was not a single pro mise to warrant putting olt a single Hour. The first and last hired accepted at onco on the first invitation. Before the hiring of the last, tho householder asks, " Why stand yo here all tho day idle"; and tho reply is, " Be cause no man hath hired us." There was hora no unwillingness to work, but, on the contrary, they at once accepted tho offered employment, and left the vftges to tho gene rosity of the employer, who distinguished them becauso thoy trustod hiin. They could not have much claim to recompense, and would havo boon content with less than a denarius. It could well ho conceived that the generosity with which they had been treated inspired them with gratitude, and filled their mouths with praise of their Master. Tho first hired, however, grumbled; they thought that, having labored longest, they should havo received more. Tliay were like men who imagined they deserved re ward; they had the spirit which actuated Peter, as shown in the 27th and 2Sth verses, whan ho says, " We havo forsaken all and followed thee; what shall we have therofore?" The reply of tho Lord was in tho parable. -~["J """ .W> ? .! KUU IMlil'IlB, and was designed to prevent them think ing too highly of their aervicos. It was tha poor in spirit who were to bo most highly honored, and those who humbled themselves would be exalted. ThiB was the spirit of those laborers'"lust hired, and God in his rewards looks at the spirit in which the service is rendei 'd more than to the extent of tho work performed. In conclusion, tha preacher allude.'; to tho housoholder vindicating Ilia policy in making the first last and the last first. " Friend," ho says, " I do thee 110 wrong; didst not thou agree with mo for a ponny ! T tlce tiiat is thine, and go thy way; I will give unto this last oven as unto thee. Is it not lawful for me to do what I will with mine own ? Is thine eye evil because I am good i" But for the unexpected generosity displayed to tho last hired there would have been no com plaints, everyone would have been fully satisfied. Tne householder did that which lie chose of his own good will and pleasure. The sovereignty of God was elsewhere clearly shown, particularly in tho Och chap, ot Romans, when I10 says, " I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy. Hath not tho potter power over the clay of tho samu lump to make <ma vessel into honor and another into dishonor. What if God, willing to show his wrath, and to mako his power known, ondurad with I much long suffering the vessols of wrath fitted to distinction, and that he might make known tho riches of his glory on the ves3ols of mercy, which he had afore prepared unto glory. They should not be disquieted be cause special honors were given to others whose labors soem iuss abundant than their own; lot them appreciate their own blessings in a right spirit. : Tho usual coughing and bustle which follows tho conclusion of a sermon having subsided, the lloth hymn wai aung. A prayer was then ollered up by tho pastor that the spirit of humility and meekness might be theirs; that they might cherish the conviction that what they knew not now in the mysterious ways of God's j providence would be known by them here after; that they might be kept from all dis quiotude, and have grace bestowed to serve God bettor and to prove mors faithful, and that they ba all one in Christ. He prayed for them, tha Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales and all tho members of th« Royal family, and for timos of quickening and reviving, for the congregation and for tho rising generation, that they might bs kept from tha evil prevail ing. At the conclusiou of the prayer intima tions wore given that baptism would take place on the first Sabbath of tho month; that he would coutinuo his pastoral recitations on a certain day in a particular district, that a prayer meeting and Bible-class would bo hold during tho week. The collection was then taken up, members of committee carrying round wooden plates from pew to pew, the whole being finally deposited on tho table in front of the choir. A hymn was thsn sitng, the 48th, and tho benediction having been pronounced, tho congregation dispersed. JuVHNIOE FirK BltlQADE COMPETITION.-An. incident occurred 011 Wednesday (says the Dal larat Courier') in Dana-street, in the shape of a competition between two juvenile fire brigades, the representative* of the Baliarat East Hebrew scliooL and Mr Jnhnson's Peel-street school, which attracted a large crowd of onlookers. About tour o'clock in the afternoon over 200 persons assembled at the rear of the gasworks to witness the exciting event. Mr Johnson's school arrived first on the ground, their engine being of a curious description, having something of the appearance of a perambulator. The Hebrew lads, on turning up, presented a very smart ap pearance, having black helmets, red jumpers, and a belt, while their eugine, which had been apparently " made to order," was provided with a canvas hoseauda copper,branch. A 200 yards course was then marked out along Dana-street, and the preliminaries arranged with becoming gravity. The competitors then took their posi tions amidst cheers and great excitement, and when the word was given they dashed off, the Peel-street lads coming to the mark half adoz-n yards ahead, but as their ill-luck would have it, the coupler neglected to tail off the hose, and their opponents ran out the two lengths, accord ing to the terms of the competition, several . scconds before them, thus achieving victory. The Hebrew lad* then gave three cheers for their opponents, and were bunted off the ground with their engine by a-number of exuberant spirits, who generally contrive to mar any sport in which they hare not a share. Mr Evans acted as starter, and Mr Pusey as judge. THE CUAMMONSHIP OF TUH THAMES.-A meeting of the friends of Mr K. Trickett, the present Champion of the Thames, was heid last Wednesday night at Punch's Hotel, Pitt-street, Sydney. The chairman, Mr '.I. S. Farncll, M.L.A., stated that the present meeting was called for the purpo.se of making arrangements for a testimonial to be given to Mr K. Trickett oil his return to Sydney- lie also read letters of apology from Messrs R. Driver, G. 11. Dibbs, Hon John Iiobertson, Hon T. Garrett, and G. Thornton, who were unable to be present owing to other engagements, but who offered to giro what assistance they could to forward the object in view. The meeting was largfly at tended and it was unanimously decided that a substantial reward should be given to the champion on his return to Sydney for the victory he had achieved. A large committee was formed to collect subscriptions, and a letter from the New South Wales Amateur Dramatic Society, offering to give a benefit in aid of tho fund free from all risks, was also placed on the table, aud then referred to the next committee meeting, which i« to take place on Friday next. Messrs P. J. Clarke and W. H. Cooper were ap pointed joint hou secretaries, and Messrs Curtis and Mannix, treasurers.-Sydney Morning He rald. Mme. Suzanne Lagier, a good actress, but ex tremely stout, was one night enacting a part in a inelo-(ir<im.i with Taillade, the original Pierre of The Two Orphans," who had, at one moment, ! to curry ber fainting off the stage. He tried -with all hi« might, to lift the fair heroine, but although she helped her lit-i= ooiuraie by stand ing ou tiptoe in !he usual manner, he was unable to more au inch. At this juncture, a boy in the gallery cried out, " Take what you Cliui au|i come back for the rest." ' 