POETRY. WHERE IS FREEDOM? Oh! tell me, mother, where Freedom's gales For ever rustle amid the sails, And cool the cheeks of the sturdy mate That guides the helm of the "Ship of State!" Is it 'mid those groups in the Southern seas, In the Sandwich Isles, or the far Fijis; Where the restless billows seethe and toss 'Neath the gleaming light of the Southern Cross? "Not there--not there, my child." Oh! say, dear mother, can it be where The cry of "Liberty" rends the air? Where grow the maize and the maple tree, In the fertile "bottoms" of Tennessee? Or is it, then, to the north'ard more, Away by the fair Canadian shore, Where the Indians shriek with insane halloos,-- As drunk as owls in their bark canoes? "Not there--not there, my child." Or is it back in the Western States, Where Colt's revolver rules the fates, And Judges lounge in a liquor shop, While Dean and Adams's pistols pop? Where Justice is but a shrivelled ghost, As deaf and blind as a stockyard post, And Licence sits upon Freedom's chair-- Oh say, dear mother, can it be there? "Not there--not there, my child." Is it on the banks of the wild Paroo, Where the emu stalks, and the kangaroo Bounds o'er the sand hills free and light, And the dingo howls through the sultry night,-- Where the native gathers the nardoo-seed For his frugal meal, and the centipede, While the worn-out traveller lies inert, Invades the folds of his flannel shirt? "Not there--not there, my child." Is it where yon death-like stillness reigns, O'er the vast expanse of the Salt-bush plains, Where the shepherd leaveth his Leicester ewes For the firm embrace of his noon-tide snooze, And the most enchanting visions come To his thirsty spirit of Queensland rum,-- His cheek the while by the breezes fanned-- Is it there, dear mother--that better land? "Not there--not there, my child." Or southward, down where our brethren hold Those keys of power, rich mines of gold; That land of rumour and vague reports, Alluvial "diggings" and reefs of quartz; Where brokers give you the straightest "tip," And "let you in" in the way of "scrip," Where all men vapour, and vaunt, and boast, And manhood suffrage rules the roast? "Not there--not there, my child." Is it where the blasts of the simoom fan The blazing valleys of Hindustan; Where pious devotees are fleeced By the swarth Parsee and the Brahmin priest; Where men believe in their toddy- bowls, And the transmigration of human souls, And the monkeys battle with countless fleas On the twisted boughs of the tamarind trees? "Not there--not there, my child." Or is it more to the northward, more Toward the ice-bound rivers of Labrador, Where the glittering curtain of gleaming snow Enshrouds the home of the Esquimaux; Or, further still, to the north, away Where the bones of the arctic heroes lay Long, long on the icy surface bare, To bleach and dry in the frosty air? "Not there--not there, my child." Doth Freedom sojourn beneath the trees That shade the paths in the Tuileries, Where the students walk with the pale grisettes, And scent the air with their cigarettes; Or doth she favour the atmosphere That reeks of tobacco and lager beer, Where the Prussian eagle beats the air, And eyes the den of the Russian bear? "Not there--not there, my child." "Listen, boy! for I fain would tell Where perfect Freedom loves to dwell. For the great, the good, and the truly brave True Freedom lieth beyond the grave Beyond this life, with its anxious cares, Its petty worries, it wears and tears; In a world beyond this world of cant, Where the righteous go, but the wicked shan't, "'Tis there--'tis there, my child." IRONBARK. Fossil remains of a gigantic extinct herbivorous Aus- tralian marsupial diprotodou were found on Black Rock Plains, in the far north of Australia, fifteen feet below the aurface. The schooner Victoria, from Port Darwin, reports that a hurricane prevailed on the north-west coast about Christ- mas. Several vessels were wrecked, and seventy lives lost. Scarlet fever still continues to be chief cause of infantile death in New South Wales, while many of the Victorian State Schools are closed in order to prevent a spread of the infection. Erra'a COCOA.-GRATEFUL AND COMFORTING.-" By a thorough know- ledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful application of the fine properties of well-selected cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided our breakfast tables with a delicately flaTOured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built un until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us ready to attack wherever there is a weak point. Vye may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame. " Civil Service Gazette.-Sold in Packets and Tins, Í, lb. and lb., labelled.-"JAMES Ei'PS «fe Co., Homoeopathic Chemists, 4S Threadneedle Street, and 170 Piccadilly, London. MORTALITY AMONG CHILDREN.-An important crisis with Children is Cutting the Teeth. Much illness would bo alleviated by the exit nat application to the Gums of Mrs. Johnson's Soothing Syrup. Free from any Narcotic. None jennine without, " Barclay and Sons, Farringdon atreet, London," on the stamp. Sold by all Chemists at 2s. 9cL a bottle. Agents-Pratt, and Elliott Brothers, Sydney. 4 