RAMBLES IN THE BACK COUNTRY. A HUNT IN THE MALLEE. The plain was extensive and as flat as a bowling green, with a small lake of salt or brakish water in the centre of it. It was surrounded by dense Mallee scrub ten or twelve feet high and apparently impenetrable, which gave the plain the appearance of a vast amphitheatre-the scrub furnishing a safe retreat to herds of wild cattle and horses. The black hunters concealed themselves and their horses as well as they could about a mile apart from the edge of the scrub, hoping that after sunrise the cattle would emerge from the Mallee to feed on the sweet salt bush of the plain, and they judged cor rectly. About eight o'clock, an old bull, which seemed chief secretary , of the mob and was worthy of the post, very cautiously emerged from the scrub and looking carefully around to dis cover whether there was any danger in the way, and being satisfied that all was right he gave a suppressed bellow, which at once brought out about forty cows, calves, and yearlings, who all made slowly for the water, taking many a longing, lingering look around to see that there was no ambuscade laid, for latterly their motions showed that they were not at all decided on the subject. When the cattle reached the lake their pursuers mounted and spurred their horses, and the poor cows with their "home rule" and liberty at stake, seemed determined to strike for freedom or adopt conciliation by offering a horn to any swiper who approached them ; but the hunters bearing down upon them from all points completely be wildered them, and like Louis Napo leon at Metz they did exactly what they ought not to have done-they ran into the water and there stood at bay. The hunters having surrounded the lake, dismounted and the work of destruction began, each man firing his double gun as fast as be could until seventeen animals bled in the water, and these were chiefly calves. The old bull now altered his tactics and made a push for the scrub, followed by all that remained of the herd; but their pur suers were not satiated, and mounting their steeds rode side by side with the cattle, touching them with the muzzles of their guns as they fired, and the old bull was the last who bit the ground. I was a passive spectator of the scene, and rejoiced to see that a goodly number regained the pro tection afforded by the scrub. No portion of these poor animals is utilized, and their carcases are left to rot where they fall. They had been breaking down the fences, and their slaughter was merely retaliation and boundary keeping economy. They are, however, becoming numerous, and on the line that divides Cowe and Spectacle Plains from the Adelaide boundary, I have been told that they roam in thousands, and are not diffi cult to capture. It is somewhat singular that selectors who are fond of wild sport, and can ride and shoot tolerably well, do not cast their lots there and build cattle-yards to entrap these animals and have them domesti. cated. The great shepherd kings of that ilk seem to dread such a contingency, and are getting the frontiers of their runs reserved as fast as possible; but the Government of Victoria ought in mercy to desist from alienating any more of its land. They have done enough of irreparable mischief already, and should now rest on their broken oars. A THUNDERSTORM IN THE MALLEE. The sky became overcast at midday, and looked gloomy as night, and black murky as ink poured into water, and the birds mistaking it for twilight sought their roosting places in the trees. Thick lightnings flashed or hung like golden chains suspended in the darkened sky; and the thunder . that deep mouthed organ pipe rolled in such- deafening peals as I never .heard before, and seemed inclined to disintegrate nature and tear the heavens and the . earth asunder. I anticipated a deluge of rain and began .to, look for a hollow tree to take shelter in, but the black guide smiled at my precaution, and said, "Mundal only gammon no more rain come, and by and-bye big one tun jump up again;" and as he predicted, so it turned out. A blue spot appeared in the eastern horizon, which increased until it filled 'the canopy of heaven, the birds re sumed their songs and the laughing jackass bis laughter; the sun Bhone brighter than before, and the thirsty iarid sand and its sickly shrubs received no drop of rain, although the dense . overcharged. clouds of vapour nearly touched them. The blackfellows assured me that it was ever thus in the (back Mallee, and that the "Mundal" was seldom or never followed by rain. " Father belonging to white, fellow," they said,-" grumbling now, because shearers. .all ', drunk and lose, him /cheques; and picanninies belonging to them get no, do, no boot and no bread; and bye -'m - bye minister . Cameron Bray, at Pine Plains, and . fatherbelonging to white fellow no | -^KBBXH-G OK JL ^'0') I am fond of good society, and always judge of a man by his company, endorsing the adage which says, " Tell me a man's company and I will tell you what he is." I therefore selected, as my companion the Emperor of-Kul« kyne, a sovereign who if there is aby truth in succession is a king in hiB own right by every law-human and.divine. King"' Watican and I entered his "Victoria and Albert," which was a Bheet of bark cocked up at both ends like a Turkoman's boot, whore His Majesty was captain, engineer, stoker, and steersman. He was furnished with a hand landing net, and getting to the middle of the Billibong in twenty feet of water he divested himself of hiB royal robeB, which consisted of two old shirts, when like Byron's wreck, he " going down head foremost, Bank in short." He descended to the roots of an old tree and drawing his net over a large codfish carried him to the surface and landed him safely in the canoe. The fish was seventy pounds weight, and in a similar manner he landed three smaller cod and a very fine bream. A pelican, full of curiosity, swam near us, apparently anxious to discover what we were _ up to, whereupon King "Watican dived gently from his ship and swimming under water got the suicide by the legs and soon landed him in the canoeialso. He afterwards brought up an^Il^yftbe heeior the horn or [some other part, and having placed it in the creel we landed for luncheon. A BCENH IN THE IfAIiEEE. I entered upon a desolation of white sand which was not a plain and could not be called a hilly country, but the heart sickened at its wide and appa rently endless expanse. It was a vast extent of sand ridges of similar height and equi-distant from each other, re sembling stationary waves in a dead sea, with a bloody burning sun in the copper sky above. There was no water and no wind in that dreary sea, no bird, no beast, nor the sound of an insect's shrill small horn; the very air seemed stagnant, and the Bilence of death^ reigned around. The sides of the ridges were dotted here and there with sickly-looking shrubs like head stones in a graveyard, which but added to the ghastlinesB of the scene. It seem'ed as if I had entered upon the shadowy realm of a defunct world where there was no reality and no life, where cha6s and confusion ruled the whole, and everlasting silence reigned above, below, and around. All was sombre, sad, and sickening, and the shrubs growing out of arid sunburnt Band Beemed as if the order of nature was reversed and dead herbs put forth bloBBoms in mockery of the laws of nature-the phantasm of a past world or the germs of a world to come. In some places a few pines had struggled into a premature existence, but the breath of the desert had scorched them and they stood like skeletons on a blasted heath, pointing to the paBt and prognosticating the future. Neptune's throne was there once, and hiB shadowy trident could be seen still, and on the sand were indistinct footprints of Pluto, Hades, and Nox; and the whole was as it were a book wherein was written a history of the past with Bhadowy pictures of things to come. The gods who once swayed it were dead; their realm bad passed away, but that sand is the matrix of a new 'World whose period is far distant and uncertain; and the ghosts of the past there tell us to learn wisdom from the sand "and the stones of the earth, for the true history of the world is written on its surface beside the footprints of the Creator. BUSH PIEES. Those who live on the seaboard of Victoria can form no conception of the sublimity and danger of a bush fire in the interior of this island continent, where if there i'B a smart breeze of wind blowing, the fleetest horse cannot escape . the pursuing flames which fol low with the noise of thunder 5 and consequently one of the greatest dangers which beset the path of the traveller is bush fires, and the danger is increased by the fact that a stream of lightning^ will ignite miles of the bush in an instant, and sometimes the sun acting on withered grass tree will light it and thereby set fire to the .whole bush., Ijet the reader fancy .himselfin the midst of a plain fifty or sixty miles wide and densely covered with porcupine grass, and when he understands what porcupine grass is, he will begin to realize the danger of his position. Porcupine grass is utterly useless to man, bird, or beast, growing as it does in huge tussocks where every blade resembles a porcupine quill, and when dry it is highly inflammable, and burns far more briskly than dried gum leaves. The tussocks are about four feet in diameter, and grow to the height of four feet, but are so thick 0rerJf,e plain tbafc they touch eacfl otbgHgid when dried up by the hot ®cc»fchiiDg winds of the desert they waiyy/ut a spark to ignite them and in a fep||ininutes their flames will seem to reach "the clouds and fly across the plain with the speed of a fleet race horse, accompanied by a noise louder than thunder if the wind is strong. There is no get afray from a porcupine fire if the traveller is to leeward of it unless he falls in with a clear space and burns from him, and even that is not always successful because the fire comes down with such velocity and its smoke is BO dense and suffocating. Many an unfortunate traveller has perished in the porcupine fire, and many a herd of wild cattle and horses have been overtaken by the devouring element and burnt to ashes. A few years ago five men were crossing a porcupine plain which lay, if I re member well, near the district of Albacutya, while a gale of hot wind was blowing, and when they had had time to be about the middle of the plain the noise of thunder. was heard, and the heavens were darkened with black and murky smoke; but the travellers were seen no more, and no vestige of them was ever afterwards found, although u diligent search was made for tbem. It is probable that one of them had carelessly dropped a lucifer match in the grass, and that that match caused the disaster--the tobacco, nine, and matches have much I to answer for. GH&A8SIE.; 