A WOMAN'S FAITH. BY JESSIE MARIA GOLDNEY. CHAPTER IV. STORM AND TEMPEST. It was about a month after Lucy Lambert and Geoffrey Freeman had plighted their love. Fanny had been told, and she, though di.approv.ng of it in her heart, yet found it hard to check the young glad happiness of her sister, and tried to hope better things of Geoffrey Freeman, and to hope that she ha I been mistaken in her judgment or him, especially as Sydney, when told of it, still contrived to assure her that Geoffrey was not really a bad fellow, and would yet make his way in the world — that Lucy might have done worse, etc , and so Fanny tried to persuade herself though her heart still misgave her. Mr. Lambert when informed of it was sur- prised, and certainly not very well pleased, but when Geoffrey appeared and laid his plans and stated his intentions so fairly, and as it would seem in so plausible a manner as to even satisfy, in a measure, Mr. Lambert's prejudices, and he felt constrained at length to grant a reluctant consent, though as yet he said he could promise nothing definite on account of Lucy's youth; and also the fact of Geoffrey being as yet comparatively a stranger to them all. When they knew him better, and when time had proved whether the tokens of attachment to Lucy were sufficiently genuine to warrant further encouragement; and with suc. partial measures the lovers were obliged to be content. Albeit Geoffrey mur- mured something about the fate's being decreed against him, and the weariness of waiting, etc. Yet, still Mr Lambert was inexorable, and they had to be contented, Geoffrey coming twice a week, bringing Lucy flowers and presents and taking her for walks and drives, while the fair face of the young girl grew radiant, and her eyes shone with a sweet tender love-light, which added to its youthful charms ; and Lucy's brothers, and even Dot, though certainly not partial, as we have already seen, to the gay admirer of their sister, yet to do th.m justice made an effort to overcome their dislike and treated him with a fair show of cordiality, with the exception that the last mentioned young lady kept out of his way as much as possible, judging this the wisest course as she afterwards confided to Fanny in case she should be led to say more than she ought, and so the time passed away ; but it brought new anxiety to our gentle friend, Fanny Howden, who, as the days and weeks wore on, noticed with increas- ing solicitude the common expression on Sydney's formerly happy bright face, and the cloudy look that would so often appear there when she glanced unobserved at him when he supposed no one to be near, and once coming in unaware one evening, she had found him sitting before the table with his face hidden in his hands, and to her anxious enquiry of " Dear Sydney, is anything the mat- ter ?" he had answered hastily. " No, no, I was only thinking a minute of something." " Not a, very pleasant subject, dear, to judge from your att.tude," answered Fannv ; |" are you sure that it was only trifling ? " " Yes, yes I don't trouble ; there's a good girl ;" and so Fanny was obliged to be content, but she was far from being satisfied, though she did not like to ask any further questions for fear of worry- ing Sydney ; then, again, he was out more frequently than was his wont, and not with the most desirable of com- panions, so his wife feared Geoffrey Free- man was one she well knew, for since his engagement to her sister Sydney and he were almost|inseparable ; then, too, there were several rather fast-going young men of a like stamp with whom Sydney had found an acquaintance and often spent an evening, and when he returned several times the flushed face and abrupt manner had all too surely betokened that he with others had been rather too free with the cordials of which little Dot had expressed so plain an opinion ; but Fanny was still patient and forbearing. She forbore questioning, but her heart ached with a new and strange anguish ; insensibly it seemed to her that a gulf was widening between her and her lo.ed one that a mountain of reserve was rising between them, as it too often happens with those who are dearest to us, and she seemed to have no power to remove it. She could but leave it in the hand of Him who doeth all things well, and but for whose aid we frail weak crea.ures of earth should surely sink beneath life's crosses and it's burdens. But her heart yearned with strange deep tenderness towards her hus- band, and when the tone seemed almost petulent for the once buoyant Sydney her own rang as sweetly and as full of love as the little white hand was laid as firmly and as trustingly on his shoulder as in the days of happy unclouded inter- course and trust, for strong and firm was the faith of this simple earnest loving woman resisting all the waves of suspi- cion and doubt, all the darkening spires of dread futurity gathering over her young head. Sydney was leal and good or there was good in him. He would do right at the last ; he might be tempted or even led astray, but he would never utterly fail; so ever says calm trusting love in its brave grand security. But soon, was the young wife's courage to meet with a sorer trial. There came a day when Sydney returned not to his home at eventide nor late into the hours of the night when Fanny paced weariedly up and down the cottage and out of the garden path like a thing that could not rest, when the morn- ing came at length and found her with wide open bright eyes from which slumber had fled away, and a feverish glowing spot on the otherwise colorless face hastily throwing around her a dark cloak and hat, and taking the little one in her arms prepared to depart notwithstand- ing the little handmaid's remonstrance. " Sure an' my leddy, you would'nt be after going to your papa's without a morsel of breakfast and you as white as a ghost yourself, and its not knowing you at all that the young Master, and Miss Dot will be if you go to scare them like that ; you must have a cup of tay, leddy, dear," and the good natured little Una bustled about and succeeded in almost pouring the tea into Fanny's parched lips though she refused to taste a morsel, and at length consented to leave the baby with Una, who declared " Sure you would'nt be fit to carry Miss Clara ; you'd be knocked up for a week ;" and as Fanny at length departed after the kind- hearted girl had fastened the cloak which her trembling fingers refused to do, more closely, around her, she whispered — " Don't look like that, ma'am ; the master will be back all right soon, sure." Fanny pressed her hand closely as she murmured—" God bless you, dear Ema; you won't forsake us, will you ?" " No indeed, my leddy, I'll serve you and the master as long as I live." Fanny hurried on, early morning as it was, as fast as her trembling limbs and beating heart could carry her ; she did not notice the compassionate looks from more than one person or the low whispered — " Ah ! it is poor Mrs. Howden ! Heaven help her ! She'll know the evil news soon enough, and the poor little child too ; well, it is hard for them." No, Fanny saw nothing, heeded nothing, and spake not, beyond a hurried good morning to a chance foot passenger like herself till she reached her father's door and rang. It was opened by Claude, his merry boyish face looking strangely pale and sad with the traces of tears on his eyes. " Oh, Fanny, come in ; how ill you look, my poor sister." That was all, and Harold, with deep tenderness and unutterable compassion, led her to a chair. Oh — what did it all mean ? why did they look at her like that ? and why did Dot, sobbing in the corner crouched up in a heap, as she always did when in deep distress? Fanny felt her brain reel, would it ever end this weary suspense. Presently her father came in, very tender and grave was his face ; but there was a strange pitying look, a world of sad sympathy in his tone as he took his daughter in his arms and kissed her over and over — " My poor Fanny ; my dear good noble child ; you surely deserved a better fate than this " "Papa! Papa! what is it?" and Fanny's voice was almost wailing as she implored ; " tell me, oh, I cannot bear this dreadful suspense any longer. Is anything wrong with Sydnev? Oh ! do tell me quickly. Is he ill ? Why does he not come home ?" " Better for you, my poor girl, if you had never seen him ; better for us all if you never were to see him again." But Fanny rose to her feet, her cheeks flushed high, her eyes flashing, and clench- ing her small hands together, as she drew herself up — " What do you mean, papa, all of you? How dare you say anything of the kind ! who dares to speak a word against my Sydney ? It is false — utterly untrue — I will not believe it ;" and — but here Fanny's composure gave way want of rest, and the terrible strain on her mind had been too much for her, and she went after a little struggle into violent hysterics. They gathered round, and Lucy, pale and weeping from her own new grief, soothed her with gentle womanly tenderness, and at length, when they thought she could bear it, the dreadful truth was gently broke to her by Lucy, who told how she too had suffered ; how all that her young hope and youthful dreams were shivered at a single blow ; how of late some sums of money had been missed : how suspicion had coupled the ugly word embezzlement with that of Geoffrey Freeman and Sydney Howden ; how they had absconded with many other things ; and then came the terrible reac- tion when Fanny lay as dead on the sofa for some time, and then the wretched re- turning to life and consciousness, the weary sharp pain and the anxious wait- ing. They brought her child to her, and through that wretched day Lucy tried to soothe and comfort her. (To be concluded in our next.) 