CRICKET ANECDOTES. [By "Gains in the Sjyortiny Zircon Let us next glance at a few curious incidents which have occurred during the progress of cricket matches :--On the 6th September, 1847, for Godalming v. Shillingleo, at Godalming F. Caesar bowled a ball to the Earl of Winterton, which in transit from hand to wicket killed a swallow which skimmed across the play. Bell's Life of 14th July, 1850, records that in a recent home match of the Ostend Club, Captain Sutton late 12th Foot, an extremely fast bowler, pmulated F. Caesar's Ghost, and killed a swallow which, flitted between the wickets. Mr. W. P. Bolland mentions a match at Mold, where a ball was hit into the month of a waterpipe, where it stuck hard and fast, and refused to be pulled out or pumped out. Under these circumstances C runs were allowed for " lost ball," reminding Mr. Bolland of the Irish servant *' John, have you lost the bottle 1" John (with extreme caution),' "Please, sir, is a thing lost when you know where it is ?" " Certainly not. " " Well, then, sir, I've not lost it, for it's at the bottom of the sea." Speaking of lost ball re- minds me that on the 21st July, 1866 (the review Saturday of the Wimbledon Camp, ), Mr. C. W. Burls, when playing on the Springfield ground. Putney, for Peckham Rye, Standard v. Springfield, made a fine on-drive off Mr. W. Barnett, the Private Banks bowler, right "out of the ground, the ball pitching into the road along which the volunteers were marching on their way from Putney station to Wimbledon Camp. The usual question to the umpire, a Surrey colt " How many runs for that ?" elicited the stalling reply-' ' Eleven Beven for the hit four for lost 'ball law" Messrs. Burnett and Sharpe, of the' Springfield Club, were 'at this time good , amateur fast bowlers, right and left hand res , pectively. Bell's Life of the 14th August, 1825, contains an account of a match at Ticehurst, in which a ball, struck with great force by Mr. Thomas Cooper, was transfixed on knife which was being used by a woman named Stanley, who kept a gingerbeer stall on the ground. " Her hand was much cut by the involuntary feat, and the ball was so deeply perforated that some little force was found necessary to draw the knife from it." The fact of wagers having been won by Squire Osbaldeston, and others succeeding, with relays of horses, in getting over enormous distances within a given time, is doubtless familiar to most of us, but probably the circumstances connected with the winning of a ' bet, made in the year 1853, that a letter should, by any means be conveyed a certain number of miles within a short prescribed period, are not so well-known. The Duke of Queensbury (thou Lord March) won this match by enclosing the letter in a cricket ball and coaching twenty young men until they could throw and catch with unerring accuracy incision and quickness ; he, on the given day, placing them in a circle, and the ball (and consequently the latter), being thrown from one to the other, travelled over the allotted distance of ground, and nearly a quarter more, within the stipulated time. In Article III. (Miscellaneous Matches) we noticed that C. Lnnnwivy, playing for Brighton i % Arundel'atBrighton, on the 8th June, 1829, Impp'oiiiiig Whilst batting slightly to touch a ball I uqwlcd''by Broadbridge, the said ball lodged under the arm of FIHIÍUUQI:,' the wicket-keeper, whence it was removed by a fellow-iioldBman, Hooker, causing the entry in the score to be " Lanaway, o Faulkner and Hooker, b Broad- ( bridge." At the same time, too, we referred to the hare and hounds hunt after Mr. Charles HodsoU (Dartford), playing against Camberwell in 1827. This gentleman, like Lanaway, . slightly touched a ball bowled to him, which' fell into his jacket pocket. The batsman and his opponent perceiving at the same moment the position of affairs, the former bolted with the Tj field in full cry after him but he succeeded in gradually working the ball out whilst running and also in getting back to his ground before his' wicket could be thrown down. At Harpenden, in 1844, jl batsman named Ruuibull, getting well hold of 'oilbg-bAll,'it'atynck-tiio man who was running M for ban on the track, Svlionec it rebounded, and was secured by the wicket-keeper-" caught out." About the year 1890, Sir Horace Mann, the great patron of Kent and of the Hambledon OUR, promoted a match at Uavriotslwm bo . tween two elevens on pony hack, armed, with long-handled bats, manufactured for the purpose. ,AtHookuii|-coni-AYilten, on 23rd May, 1823, eleven married boat eleven single women, the respective teams wearing jackets: and trousers II gaily decorated with different coloured ribbons. AND Party, has paid 12,000 dollars for a furlong 1 May we ask what for? /iii//«<o Ajana. No. She i able to pay for it, so mind your own affairs, and nuMfr-inino non-commercial Advertiser. 