PIOTXOH. (*»..* ??«Mel», amerleu, and »Our Periódica]*, LADY EVELYN'S F0LLYÍ BÏ THE AUTHOa OF ' ! A Woman's Temptation. CHAITBE LXVIIL, , The sound of the words so alarmed Lady Evelyn, that, for the moment, she lost all her presence of mind. The large eaodlestiok that she held in her hand suddenly fell to the floor. " Dear me," oried the dowager, " how clumsy yon are 3 you have quite startled me. I detest to see people dropping everything they hold " It was evident that the dowager's nerves were, not so strong as they once were, for she looked pale and frightened. Perhaps the silent gloom of the house, its gh:stly noises, or the knowledge that she was moss oruelly persecuting her son's wife, agitated her. The dowager was not quite herself ; she oould not forget the fright she had had " You should take hold of things moro firmly," she said ; " girls in these days seems to think that they have nothing to do but break-no, never mind your faoe now. I trill see it to- morrow." The dowager was manifestly oat of temper -how thankful Lady Evelyn was for it no one oould ever tell. ' "You can go," said tbo dowager, angrily. " I shall want nothing more, and the next time you enter my room, try to be more careful." Only too thankful for the escape, Lady Evelyn turned away. She had not readied the bottom of the staircase, before she heard Lady Chester leigh say : " Liaburn ! I had forgotten, Liebarn." She made no reply but stood still to see if the dowsger repeated the cry. She did not, but weat back to her room, and Lady Evelyn thanked Heaven as she hoard the door close behind her. Then remembering Lisburn's instructions she went down into the lower oorridor where the one unfastened window waa The house was silent as death, not a sound disturbed the profound stillness. She wondered where her husband waB, and what he was doing. Then she thought how much he must have desired the apology to submit himself to this solitary imprisonment in order to foroe it from her. Sha found the window unfastened ; gently, slowly, noiselessly, she raised it, aad then, m one minute she found herself on the ground in the court-yard. After that all went well, though her heart bess loudly with fear; she stood in one dark corner until old Andrew oarae out She did not feel the cold, her anxiety was too great. After a time the steward carne out, and did just as Lisburn had said. He opened the gate, and looked down the path to soa if any one ot an thing was nigh. When he heard the noise that Lady Evelyn made purposely, he ran in again, leaving the gate open for one minute, and, during that minute, she made her escape. Once more old Espie came oat, and bewailed the coming doom af the Ohoaterleigha. " It is the same warning," she said, " and this is the seoond time it has oome. Heaven keep us from all harm ; there is something going to happen!" Lady Evelyn was safe. She went rapidly as she dare donn the steep, narrow path. It was bewildering to her to find herself once more in the open air,' the broad sky over her head, the fresh air awoeping round her, the sea tossing its cloud-like spray, the moon shining from behind the clouds ; the fresh air seemed to infold her-she oould hardly realise that she was free. Tuen when sho turned ithe oorner of the cliff she saw the great, reBt 633, 'heaving sea ; she oould have oried aloud for joy as she saw the wild waves tossing their heads and sending great showers of spray . * >> ' Free ! Otice moro free 1 The gloomy oell, the cold stone ruins, the horrible, ghastly soli \- tude-all waB over now-soon, only a few \- minutes'more, and she_ would ho with Bex ! The remainder of the path was more difficult to find j huge precipioes and tall orags abounded there, but she was steady and oarcful-one step taken.sjbg paused before taking another. At lasfyooming to him slowly from out the thick, soft glijprn, Bci^ saw her. There was no glad cry ofTeoognitieir) no rapture of welcome, she held out her hands to him, and they trembled violently " Rex," she said, gently, " thank Heaven I am sav.d, dear, and by you " So for some minutes they stood-the great ooean rolling near^Pem, the vast sky overhead -they stood in silence that means more,' that was far more eloquent than words. His firát impulse had been to clasp his arms round her and kiss her, as one just saved from a great danger ; but, though he loved her better than any other vornan living, she waB the wife of another man ; she was there alone and helpless All those things appealed to his chivalry. Bet held the little hands m his own, but ¡he did not eton bond down, to kia« them. His dark «yes 'flashed strange fire as he looked at her, for the moon shewed him a faoe much ohapged, pale, worn, and dim. He saw the dreadful havoc ' that the oruol imprisonment had made.on that beautiful figure, and he prayed Heaven, in its mercy, W "keeto from.mita the man Who had beep gai ty of su'oT^raeltj. ' Then be bent his hand-' some faoe »ndjjoSkerf àther, and it was so < new, ?o beautiful for her to rta»tooee more the brave, "kindly glances of those dark eyes, that she/poor -soul, broke down and wept «load. J "' '"Ohl Bec.'1 she sobbed; «'oanritbe^poi^Me that I am here with you ?" .. " À 5 '',."/* " Yes," he replied. " Do not tremble, Lady ' Evelyn : have no fear. All your trouble» are 1 . \- ' over now. You shall never go baol to meet with snoh treatment as this again." Still sobbing wildly she olung to him " Rex," she said, " I feel as though I had been dead, and live again. I feell as though I had been in the very gates of hell, and had found Heaven Oh! Rex, I shall never go baok. Make haste and save me " "There is no more fear," he said. "The boat is here, and the yaoht lies not far from here." ?Still she clung ¿o him, trembling ss a child who has just found a refuge long sought. He saw that she trembled so violently that it waa with diffioulty she ooald stand. " lady Evelyn," he said, in that grave, kind voioe the remembered so well ; " yon most try and be brave, just a littte longer. I want yon to talk ts me. We shall be in the boat together but the tea is rough; and it is just possible that we ooald not talk there. I want you to tell me all yoar plans " Even in the moonlight he saw her faoe grow paler as she raised it to his " Yon are going with me ?" she cried, a sadden, sharp agony in her voioa. " You are i going with me, Bex 7" The clasp of her hands tightened ronnd hie a'rm; her eyes lingered en his ' " lío, not with you," he replied " Only as far as the yaoht, so faxther. Dear Lady Evelyn if ever the time should oeme when this story of your eaoape becomes known, it will not do for my name to be known with it. Always re- member that I have been your lover, and that many know it; the name of one who loved you as I did should not be mixed np in the story of your esoape " She bent her head until her faoe rested on his arm ", It is very hard," she said. " Oh, Rex, bow I have suffered for my folly 1 While I have been there all alone I have had time to think it over -how mad, how foolish, and how blind I was -cot to trust all and marry the man I loved." Rex had a «ode of honor all his own, perhaps -a rareione in those degenerate days. He bad loved her dearly enough, Heaven knew ; he loved her now, but he did not oare to hear her talk in that strain. < He moved uneasily. "It is done," he said, gently ; "and marriage is for life " She raised her head quiokly with a keen sense of pain. " You are vexed with me, Rex," she said. " Oh, how well I remembir that grave voioe that tone-" " Nay, not vexed," he replied ; " but repining over that past of ours is useless-useless and painful for you and for me. I will give my life in your defenoe, if you need it, but we will not talk of that past " Lady Evelyn, tell me what shall you do ? I have two trusty friends here on board the Northern Belle, who will help you in every way ; they have faithfully promised me not to leave you until you are safe in your sister's house." " Oh, Rex !" she cried, " I-I-do not be oross with me, dear-I would rather stay with you here, and die on the shore-let the waves oome back and sweep us afway together-than I would go away from j ou again " The strong figure on which she leaned trem- bled, the blaok eyes fhshed fire. There is no storm so strong, so irresistible as that of human passion ; but Rex stood firm. He was silent for some minutes, collecting himself; then, with sweet, grave tenderness, ho bent over her. " My dear Lidy Evelyn, that oaa never be ; we must not wait here until the waters take us away. We have all life before us, and have each our own battle to ü¿ht ; wo must be brave and fight it" ' But she only olung to him, sobbing out that no one in the wide world cared for her, exoepi him ; let her die-let her die with him, then and there. ', It was hard for any man to listen to that storm of sorrow and love, yet remain unmoved ; still he must do it-her very weaknoss was her protection In the orowded drawing-room, with a oirole of admirers arouod her, Lady Evelyn would not have been half so well guarded in the eyes of the ohivalrous man who loved her as she waB by the silence, and darkness, and solitude So, with brave, strong words he oalmed her; he soothed and stilled her until the passionate weep- ing grew less ; then she told him her plans. She would go-noí home ' " I have ao home, Rex. When my husHand had beaten me, and I went home, ray father re fused to tak^'mein. I Jhink," she added, with a dreary laugh (.h^t aecnièd to obi me in with the sobbing waves, " I think he would rather I was killed in what he would consider a respeotabe manner, than that I lived after a fashion be did ?io¿ think respeotable. I cannot go there, Rex ; it is no home for ma. But Sir Roden will be kind to me, and my sister will take me in, lest worse should happen Heaven help.me .' thoro is no one in the wide world who earea for me." " Then you go to Lady Oounteney's ? and, Lady Evelyn, it will be better that this story of your esoape should notpbe known ; at least, it should not be known mat I had anything to do with it Tell me, what do you proposa for the future ?" She held her lovely child-like faoe to his. " I do not '¿now ; I wish that you would tell me, Rex. What shall I^do ?" " I should advise you,"were I your brother, to remain with Lady Oourteney until the forms of separation from your husband haye been arranged. Even if you go baok to bim after some time, it will he batter not to go baok now. He must be taught that your life and happiness are preoious, also that you have friends who know how to defend you I am quite satisfied now that I know what you propose." " Rex," she asked taintly ; " whan shall I see you again ?" " I do not know ; not for some time. Ah, here is the boat. You will not be frightened, will you ?" She looked over the dark, tossing sea. The little boat that rose and fell with.the waves looked so small, so fragile The darkness over the water was âo intense, she was frightened, although she would not Bay so "There is one thing," she said; "if the little boat upsets we^all die, together " - , He oould not hetp?f*^Äg touohod, for he saw that «he preferred deatBfwith bim te life with- out him ; but he laughed cheerily. , , " That little boat, as yo« oall it,,will not up- set, Lady Evelyn. You oannot sea the headland, not behind it the yaoht is waiting "> . j " I am not afraid," she said, and^thej went ïn the little boat together. , , ', _ v' J "j J j " CHAPTER LXIX ., , \ i There are moments in life'When life itself seems to stand still, even ¿va a boatmañ^rests op his oars! Such a time came now tpLadyJSvelyp and Rex'; they enterai the'boat, and the keen, 'swift strokes of the rowe» soon took them from the store. ^ - The sea -wa» " <J»rk, j tfiW, ft i j line of light in the orest of each wave The sky ^ was dark with white, fleeoy oloudB Bailing over its faoe; the wind see in ed to lull the waves, rather than lash them into fury. They roso high, but Lid y Evelyn felt no fear. So the land reoeded, and they were alone on the wide waste of waters. They sat together at the end of the boat, and Bex Baid but little. "Give ma your hand," she said to him, as she took her seat, "and then I shall know no fear." He held her hard ; the boat might rook, the waves rise high, the wind wail and threaten, the very skies fall, yet, holding his hand, she oared little for these things. They were alone on the wild, dark waters, and soon it might be that she should see him no more. Every moment of that time, with all its physical fear, was as nothing to her _ He oould not help being touched frith her childlike simplicity. " Must you leave me, Bex ?" she asked. " Yes ; this same boat will bring me back to land, and I shall make my way over the oliffe to the nearest town." " I hope the yacht is a long way distant yet," she said ; And then she told him the story of her imprisonment, the mother's stern cruelty, the son's meanness and threats His faoe darkened, his eyes flashed fire, his heart beat with indignation. " He threatened to throw you from the window into the sea, unless you wrote the apology, you say ; theo, Lady Evelyn, you are quite justified in refusing ever to return to him ; your life is in danger with him " " What a wasted life it will have been, Bex I sold myself for the advantages that would accrue to me as Countess of Chesterleigh ; now I have none of them left, but the burden and weight of the ehain that binds me will be with me uotil I die. I cannot see that life has any charm for me ; this deep water has ; there is rest in its depths " " Best for the body," said Bex, " but never for the soul. Only oowards seek snob rest as that." Then they carne to the yacht, and Bex hold out his hand in farewell. " It must be so," she said, and ho saw bitter :ears fall from her eyes. " Oa ! Box, how am I to'say good by ? ' There was some few minutes' parley when the boat reaohed the yaoht. Bex had need to sum- mon all his courage then, for it was the moment of parting. Captain Blake and Frank Thrane were both there to receive her, and they pro mised him once more never to lose sight of her until she was safe under the shelter of Lady Courteney's roof He bent over her with a grave tenderness that was beautiful to see " Good-by, dear Lady Evelyn ; may heaven bless you, and send you safely home " She made no answer, but turned from him with a little ory of despair, and that cry »as, to both gentlemen who heard it, a complete reve ¡ation ; they understood then why Box had longed so intensely to save her, and yet would not join the yaoht. Captain Blake looked at his friend with an expression of pity in his eyes. She turned away ia siienoe, and went to the little cabin that had been prepared for her, and there she fought her battle, unaided and alone The temptation of suicide was strong upon her, and terrible to boar. She loathed the thought of seeking help from Lady Courteney. She who had always been so nroud, who had defied her sister, who had laughed at her warnings, slighted her advice. Why should she live ? It seemed to her as though the whole fabrio of her life had suddenly fallen to pieces \t Glenoairne she had longed only for liberty ; it had seemed to her that, if she oould be free, all else would come wit freedom : now she was indifferent to it What could freedom-what could life, offer her now ? So she lay on the little sofa in the oabin, and but for deep sighs that came from her lips, one might have tnought her dead. She did not eat or sleep more thVn once during that long journey. The friends grew anxious over her, and talked to oaoh other in grave tones about her. The end of the journey oame at last, and once more Lady Evelyn found herself safe and free on English gound. The gentlemen lost no time in attending to her. They drpva at once to Lady Courteney's, taking her with thom. It was only when she sat in a carriage with thom that she seemed to remember how muoh she owed to them; then she held out her hands to them " How am I to thank you ?" she said. " The time may come when you will know all you have done for me. You cannot know it now ; and the time may come when I shall be able to prove to you my gratitude " They ma¿« some answer about the pleasure it had been to tbem to help her. Sie did not ask them to enter Lady Courteney's house-it was getting late in the evening when they arrived-and they stood on the pavement while the great hall door opened for her They never foraot that palo, beautiful face turned to them She held out her hand * " Good-by," she said, " and thank you "\ ! That was Thur-day evening: they remsm bered the date afterward Then Lidy Evelyn stood alone in tho superb entrance-hall of her sister's house She noticed the strange glanoes of the servants, how curiously they looked at her. She did not know that she herself had ohanged so completely it was hard to recognize her. " Is Lady Courtenoy at home ?" she asked ; and it did ooour to her that her voice had a strange, unfamiliar ring. No, Lady Cou.teney had not returned; she waa out driving ; and Lady Evelyn went into the drawing-room, there to wait her sister's atrival. She lay down upon the oouoh, and, for the first time since the first news of her probable escape reaohed her, she closed her pyes. It was rest indeed not to see the ebld scone walls, not to hear the surging of the sea -rest, but not happiness. Gradually the pictures and the lights faded, and there fell over her a sweet, dreamless vision. How long she had lain there she never knew; but when she roused at last, Lady Courteney was bending over her, and the two sisters looked oarneitly into eaoh other's eyes " Evelyn," said Lady Courteney " what has happened? Why do I find you here, unex- pectedly and alone ?" Bat Sir Boden earns to her and looked gently at her 1 " Evelyn, what has ohanged yon go terribly ?" he said ; " what has been done to you ? If that man has ill-treated you, he shall answer to me for ifcl" But Lady Courtenay drew him away ", " Yon had better not interfere, Baden," she said ; " papa is the proper person to fight my Sister's battles»"' - 'x *;,ia ' Though she spoke coldly, the tears shone warm and bright in her eyes ; she was not "very quick to feel, bat something in the white; wanfaoe «ad. weary «ye« toaohed her inexpressibly. ^ - " Georgie," said Lady Evelyn, " I shall never KO -baok to my husband. All hope of saving appearanoes, or anything of that kind, is quite gone. I would net go baok to save my life ; and I am quite indifferent what people say. If you will give me a shelter under your roof, so much the better for me ; if you refuse it, I eaa live alone " " The»e can be no question about it," said Sir Boden, eagerly ; and again his wife interrupted him: " Let me talk this matter over with my sister, Boden. Would not papa's house be a better home for you, Evelyn ?" "No," she replied; "I will never ask his help or his protection again " "Yon shall remain here," said Sir Boden, authoritatively. "Yon shall not leave ns again ; and I am pleased to be able to help yon in any way, no matter what is said after this, Evelyn ; you are at home with us " She kissed his hand gratefully, Lady Cour teney standing by to see that no further ameni- ties were exchanged. Looking at her, they both felt that unless she ohanged, she would not long require a home. Her faoe was waa and white, with great, dark oiroles under eyes whioh had a weary look, as though by night and by day she had been search ing for something she bad not found; so ill, so fragile, so delioate, that as the watohed her, Lady Georgie forgot everything but that unless she altered she must die ; and Sir Boden speculated now maeh,could be done toward killing a wife without falling under the absolute penalty of the law . Then, after a time, she told them her story all about the jewels and her refusal to write an apology. 'For a great wonder, Lady Georgie thought that her siBter had done well, had aoted rightly, had maintained her dignity ; Sir Boden loudly applauded her " You will take proceedings against him ?" he said " I shall appeal to his pride first," she replied, " not myself, but through my solicitor. If he consents to my living away from him on the plea of incompatibility of temper, all will be well ; if not, we must go through the dreary drag of the Divoroe Court. Oh, Georgie, I am so tired 1 Let me rest." They took her to her room, and Lady Evelyn found something like rest at last. On the following day Lady Courteney wrote to Lord Knoban, and told him what had hap- pened His lordship had a great idea ot his eldest daughter-her worldly knowledge and taot rather awed him-and when she wrote rhat : " After this Evelyn oould not possibly return to her husband," he knew that all the advantages of the Chesterleigh alliance were at an end. He told Bex, who listened attentively ; and then it struok him with wonder They all knew that she had been in a kind of prison, yet not one. among them asked or even seemsd to wonder how she had esoaped. Lord Knoban was greatly annoyed. " No man can manage a houseful of daughters," he said. " If my children had been boys I should not have had any nonsense of this kind " " Lady Courteney never gave you any trouble," said Bex : " nor would Lady Evelyn have done so if she had married for love matead of wealth." " Whatever she married for," was the fretful reply, "it is all over now-auch an alliance, too ! Any girl in England would have been proud of it. It is all thrown away upon her " " I venture to think," said Bex, " that she ia thrown away, my lord " " With a little taot she might have managed him. I am sure-" " Would you have liked her to apologize to Madame Dubois ?" asked Bex, with supreme contempt " I think it is making a great and absurd fuss about nothing," said his lordship. " What is to day ?-Friday. It is impossible for me to go to her before Monday ; and upon my word, when I do go I shall not know what to say." There was a small paragraph in the fashion- able papors, to the effect that the Countess of Chesterleigh was staying at Lady Courteney's The earl was still in Scotland No one who read it seemed much surprised. One vivaoious lady remarked that che should imagine Lady Evelyn was glad enough to leave Scotland, it must be very lonely there But no one understood all that was comprised in those few lines. Lady Evelyn refused for the first two days to leave her room The shock she had undergone, the pain, the suspense, had all been terrible, she waB prostrated. It seemed to her then that she could never care about anything again. Lady Georgie, in her stately way, was very kind to her. t " I always know, Evelyn," she said oalmly, "'that in Bome way or other y<-u would make a shipwreck of your own life You never would be guided by common sense " " No," replied the young countess, a dreary smilo brightening up the pale, beautiful face " No ; in my case, you see, Georgie, I have been Carsed with feelings, and my feelings and failings have been one and the same." CHAPTER LXX. How cleverly Lisburn managed oould hardly be desoribed Herons object was to.give the unhappy lady ample time for escape ; when that was doce the disoovory might ba made as soon as they pleased ; it would not matter. She was not an exact theologian, but it is duo to her to say that she shrank from telling all the false- hoods that she foresaw herself compelled, as it were, to tell. It was for her lady's sake, and though Lisburn could not express herself so ele gantly as Lawrenoe Sterne, she had a great idea that the recording angel might " bloc out the sin with a tear." The first thing after the doors wore opened, and Lady Evelyn's breakfast had been taken up, was to go to'Hhe dowager, and tell her that the young countess was not well, and did notoaTeto get up " You Boem better yourself, Lisburn," said my lady. "How awkward and olumBy yon were last evening." * " I am better, my lady," replied the maid, meekly, wondering te what the dowager alluded " And what is the matter with your mistress ?l An attaok of bad temper, I suppose." f "It may be that, my lady; I cannot say. She does not wish to get up, or see any one." " I think wa all return the oompliment," said the dowager, with a grim smile. " I am not aware that any oie wishes to see her. If there is anything she wants, let her have it. It will be awkward if she wants a doetor, though. Perhaps I had better come myself, and Bee bow sb« is gfting on." t . f > " The" very "thing," thought 'Lisbnrn, " that -jos must not do." .> Still, she was too wise and wary to centrad ¡at1* the dowager. " Perhaps," > she, asidf diplomatically, ^ that my-lady wants! to see you, and feels sure you will oome if you think she is ill." " Ah ! yes, I see. You tbink it is a sham, then ? So do I," said the dotvager, with more foroa than eloquenee. " Then my good Lia burn, I will disappoint her ; I will not go to see her. You are a very sensible girl for giving me the hint." And go simply did Lisburs manage matters, that the household very soon understood the young countess was not well, and was unable to get up. For two days it passed off very well, and by that time Lisburn began to hope that her mistress was safe. On the third day Lord Ghesterleigh sent for her. From the red, swollen faoe, she felt sure that he had been drinking heavily. "What is the matter with Lady Ghester- leigh ?" he asked, io a thick voioe. " I do not know, my lord, exoept that she seems ill and unhappy." " 111! then why does she not try to get away from this place. Unhappy ; then why does she net do what I want her ?" Lisborn knew better than to reply. With the earl she never assumed any part, and he know her to be devoted to bia wife. "Look here, Lisburn," he said, in a half reckless, half-tyrannioal manner, " go and argue with my Jady. I wan t something-some writing from her, and she will not give it to me. fi-rga« with her. If I oan get it I will give you-let me see-I will give you fifty pounds the very moment you bring it to me. Fifty pounds ? now is not that worth some trouble ?" ' It is indeed, my lord," said Lisburn, humbly. " I will not go near her ; the very sight of her pale face and worn eyes madden me, but you tell her for me, Lisburn, that I will have it ; she shall live and die in the old stone walls if she does not send it to me." " Perhaps that message will frighten hor to death," said Lisburn. " So much the better ; then I oan marry -," but a sudden sense of what was becoming carne to him and stopped him. " You tell h«r that, and see what impression it makes upon your lady," he added " Suppose it drives her to desperation," said Lisburn, seeing a way out of her diffioulties. "Let it drive her," hereplied, brutally j "you go now, Lisburn, and tell her what I say ; then I shall see you to-night and know what she has to say." " I will go at once," she replied, " and I will tell har every word." She heard bim mattering to himself as she went along, but Lisburn was indifferent ; she saw a way out of her difficulties now, and a way to frighten him. She kept up her assumed part until evening ; she never forgot that evening, for she had been down in the kitchen with old Elspie, who had made her heart boat with the terrible tales of ghosts, weird voioes, and straage warnings. " You mind my words Lisburn," said the old woman, " something is going to happen to the Chesterleighs " Those words were still ringing in her ears when she went to the dining-room. Mother and son were there together. She hesitated at first whether to enter or not, but Lord Ghesterleigh caught sight of her and called her. S;;o saw that he had been drinking heavily, his face was red, his voioe was hoarse. " Now, Lisburn," he said, " what news for me ?" The dowager looked up with unutterable scorn that her son should address a servant so familiarly. The earl smiled at his mother's tragic faoe. " Come and tell me if you have suoceeded," he said, and then ho took up a deoanter of brandy. His mother laid her hand upon it. " You have had quite enough, my son," she said, in her stately manner. He flung her hand violently away. "Di you think," he cried, "I refuse to be ruled by my wife, and shall submit to my mother ? Nothing of the kind ; leave the bottle free !" " You forget there are servants present," said my lady, haughtily. " No, I do not Why should you keep me from drinking ? How should I spend my time if I did not drink ? I am driven mad What is there for it except drink ? You should have thought of that before you brought me here " "Reproach me with what I did for your benefit," sho said ; " that is like a man " "So is drinking brandy like a man," he re- torted. And in spite of his mother's remonstrances, he half filled a tumbler with brandy and emptied it. Then he turned to Lisburn with a leering smile. " Now," he said, " we have settled that little matter, let me ask her what she saya." " Lidy Evelyn says, my lord, that she will kill herself," replied Lisburn, gravely. The dowager looked up quickly; the earl muttered an oath between his' teeth. " She would do it, too, if she thought it would annoy us," said lhe dowager. But her son moved uneasily on his seat. " Oh, no, mother, it must not come to that," he said; " I should not like that " "It would not be my fault," shs replied, angrily. " I am not going to kill her ; if sho chooses to kill herself, how can I help it ? Perhaps you wish to give in to her ; if so, go and tell her so-It is no pleasure to me to remain here, I am sure." " I wish thore wore no women in the world," groaned the earl. " It would be a better plaoe if there were no men," rejoined his mother. " Talbot, you need not keep Lisburn here " " Is that all she said ?" he asked. " Yes, my lord. Sha oried out that she would never give in-she would rather kill herself " Then, thinking she had said enough, Lisburn turned away. It was growing dark then, and a gray shade lay over the sea ; the sunbeams had long since died in the west ; a cold, fresh wind was blowing, and the waves broke into great sheets of foam on the shore ; the night promised to be oold, dark, and stormy. Lisburn heard the wind wailing round the old gray walls, sobbing and orying like a child in pain "Thank Heaven," she said to herself, "that my lady is safe oat of this. I will wait until it is quito dark " &> All unconscious of the tragedy that was so soon to be enacted in those walla, Lisburn stood by one of the oúrridor wiodows, watching the last gleam of light die over the waters. She had carried out her mantoavr« so oleverly that BO one saspeoted her. No one had the faintest j idea that there was anything wrong, but devoutly believed that Lady Evelyn was still in her room. t The last lingering _ gleam died over the sea, and she'knew the time had oome. Walking quiokly to give herself an appearance of bute and agitation, she weat down the long oorridors, and suddenly burst open the door of the room where mother and son were still sitting. " My lord !" she eried, " oome quickly ; my lady has gone !" The dowager was the first to Btart from her seat with an exclamation of horror. "Gone!" she oried 1 "where?" "I have just been into her bedroom, my lady, and it is quite empty. The window it open, but my mistress is gone " '. Gone !" oried Lady Chesterleigh again ; " were the doors unfastened ?" "No; I rang for Andrew to unlock them for me as soon as I'found out what was the matter." "By Heaven!" cried the oar], "«he has thrown herself ont of the window " He started from his ohair, followed by his terrified mother and Lisburn. He hastened to the western tower. There stood old Andrew holding the useless key« in his hand ; there were, surely enough, the empty rooms. " She is hiding 1" he oried, and great drops of perspiration started on his brow. "She is hiding. My wife, my poor young wife, has not killed herself! She is hiding to tsue me, to frighten me. Evelyn, oome here 1" His voioe, rising to a hoarse shriek, seemed to fill the old tower with untold horrors. He trembled in every limb, his face was ghastly white, his hands shook. "Evelyn!".he oried, ".Evelyn, I did not mean this I" . " It is useless oalling her," said his mother sternly " Her death is worthy of her life-she was wilful and defiant to the very last," " Where is she-where has she gone ?" he eried wildly. A thousand voiocs in the darkened air were calling him, a thousand spirits waited for him, death and judgment were close at hand; yet he knew nothing of it; the very air trembled around bim with the mystery of the life that was so soon to close; but he knew nothing of it " Where has she gone ?" he oried again, turning to his moth«. The wild, dazed, mad eyes frightened her. With her outstretched hand she pointed to the open window, thereby sealing the death-warrant of her son. " She has gone there," said the dowager, solemnly, " and human eyes will behold her no more " With a cry that was like no human ory, he rushed to the window where his helpless young wife had spent BO many weary hours. There, below in the thiok darkness, lay the heaving sea ; there stood out the sharp points of the rooks, and tbey looked so far down, for the oastle walls were steep. Oh, Heaven ! if she were there t " Evelyn 1" he oried, and hiB hoarse voioe d ed away over the waters ; " Evelyn 1" he oried again ; and his mother hastened to him. " Take care, Talbot," she said; " do not lean out so far. You will fall; you cannot save her."' He turned to his mother with tho ringing laugh of a drunken maniac-he pointed with his hand to the sea. " She is there," he oried, " out on the waves ! Look at her little white hands She is calling me-oalling me ! Look at her face-all white I I am ooming, Eve!" Whether he was mad or intoxicated-whether he leaned out too far-will never be known until the judgment day. The next moment Lady Chesterleigh hid her face with a terrible cry, and, in the silence of the night, he fell down the rooks into the sea ! CHATTUR LXXL The two who bad Been him fall stood horrified, rooted to tho ground, bewildered. As he went down, there rose on the clear night one long, terrible shriek that oould never be forgotten ; it startled the sea-gulls -it died away over the heaving waters-it waa like the ory of a lost soul. They heard something like the thud of a heavy body, then all was still. " Oh, great Heaven 1" oried the dowager oountess, " he is killed ! Bun, Lisbnrn, run for help ! Oh, that thriae accursed woman 1 she has killed him as well as herself! ' There was something terribly tragio in the passion of despair that seized her. She was proud, haughty, overbearing and despotio, but she loved her boy-it was the one tender spot in that hard, oold worldly heart. She had loved, spoiled, indulged, flattered, and almost ruined him by her injudicious treatment, and now he who had been the light of her eyes was gone. Her head-dress of ribbon and oostly laoo had fallen, her long gray hair hung loose over her shoulders, her hands were clasped, her face, with its tragio grief, was white as the faea of the dead. She looked from the window. The gleam of the moon on the waters and on tho rocks showed her no trace of him. Perhaps in tho bitterness of ythat moment she was amply punished for her sins. Another few minutes and the wholoplaoe was astir. The dowager had in some measure re- covered her self possession-that is, she had rushed down the stairs of the westorn tower, crying loudly to Heaven to save her son. She did not remember the black chill of the night ; she only thought of her eon-her son ! " Follow me, Andrew;" she oried. "Come all of you-bring torches, bring lights. Oh! my son, my son !" I She might as well have aBked them to bring her stars from Heaven. What torohes oould live in that fieroe wind ? She hurried down the steep, tortuous path where so lately the hapless girl she had persecuted had gone-down with trembling, uncertain steps, Lisburn following her, and the others hastening after them. What was the use ? They stood on the boaoh at last, under the window from which he bad fallen. The waves were dashing and foaming ; the poor, distracted mother oould not even see the mangled body of the son she loved " My lady," said old Andrew, as they stood together, " it is no use. If he has fallen from that window, the sea has washed him away ; it is of no use being here." " Washed him away ! ' The hapless mother turned to him with an intensity of pathos he never forgot. " Washed him away !" she repeated. " Do you know yon are speaking of my son? Oh, Heaven and earth!-oh, God I my son !" She wandered to and fro, wringing her hands and crying aloud, " My son !" Sha looked up at the steep, ragged surface of the rooks ; she looked over the wide waste of waters ; she looked on the barren strip of yellow sand; she looked up to the dark pitiless skies. " Oh'' my son ! my son !" she oried. The waves seemed" to laugh at her as thay dashed on the shore. What had her son been to theo, except the,play thing of a moment, to be tossed wildly from one to another, and then Bwallowed^up in the deep abyss? Her toni What'was any mother's son to them 7 She, proud, haughty, uneonquered still stood before that mighty gea ; there tis pride enough in her te have defied each ware, to have snatched her darling from them- She stood there, her bands olisped and raised. Bppealinglj.to the quiet heavens, her white, despairing faoe raised, until Lisburn touohed her gently. " My lady," she said, " it is of no use, and you will be ill; come home." Lady Ghesterleigh turned to her and the tragedy in her faoe over-powered all else. " He was my only ton, Lisburn, Heaven help ime-and I am a widow. People said he was not a good man; perhaps not; Ioannot tell; but ha was everything in the world to me-my own, only son " Then, with much persuasion, they induced 1er to return to the oastle. When she stood before the gates she turned to those who stood near her. Raising her hand to Heaven, she said: " I ours« the day that woman «ver entered here ; I ourse the hour in whioh my son saw her first; I curse her teoause she has destroyed him.1' She turned to the old steward and looked at him with despairing eyes. " There is nothing w« oan do ? she said. "No, my lady," he replied; "but, if it pleases yon, I will go to the village and gat some of the fishermen to oome oat ; but we can do nothing at all." " I mast «it here," she said, " helpless, while angry waves play with him-toss him from one to another while he drowns in that deep sea. Oh, Heaven ! my life for his-my life a thousand times over for his !" " It is too late, my lady," said old Elspie ; " all the prayers in the world oannot avail him now I knew he was to die." " How should you know it ?" said the dowa- ger. " Because, my lady, I heard the warning ; the warning that always comes when one of the Chesterleighs have to die. I have heard it .twioe." "Yon should have told me," said my lady, proudly, " and then I should have known how to have watched over him better. My son ! my son !" She rose then to go to her own room, and the women would fain have followed her, but she waved them proudly away. " I want to be alone," she said " I want -no one ;" so they fell baok from her, those who would fain have offered her sympathy She went to her room and dosed the door. ,: Lisburn," she said coldly, "tell me when the men eome. Tell me when Andrew re- turns ;" and after that, through the long ' silent hours of the night, they saw no more of her. What a night it was, and how it passed oan- not be told in words. The three terrified women cried togother, and the proud, unhappy mother sat in her own room watohing the oruel sea whioh had devoured her only son ; stopping ever and anon to raise her hands and curse the woman who had destroyed him. Morning had dawned when the steward had returned with the men ; then pale, stately, tragio in her great woe, she went down to them. ' (To be continued.J 