" ArA'T YS .OF THE DAY.. A meeting of the Cabinet was held yester day, but the business transacted was purely of a departmental character. The P. and O. steamer, with the English mails ?'/'i Suez, may be expected at Ada. laide on Saturday afternoon, possibly earlier under favorable circumstances. The steamer Sur&t.; which left Southampton with tho Australian mails on the 6th of April, broke down owing to an accident to her machin ery, and was towod into Lisbon. Her mails, passengers and cargo were, it is understood, transferred to the steamer Australia, which could not have left London until about a week later. The news of the incoming steamer will, to a great extent, have been anticipated by the San Francisco and Torres Straits mails. In a most accidental manner James Ashe, who there can-be little doubt is the perpe trator of the Burrambeet outrage, has fallen into the hands. of the. police. The man ar rived in Melbourne yesterday, en route for Baliarat, which place, as will be seen by a telegram in another column, he reached in safe custody yesterday evening. H js arrest was accomplished in a somewhat peculiar mauner, and is de scribed by our telegraphic correspondent at Jtomsey, whose communication is published elsewhere. It appears' that early on Sunday morning lie had been drinking with some companions, and getting intoxicated created a disturbance outside the local courthouse. He was arrested, and on being taken to the watchhouse gave his name as " Jim Ashe," and also added that he wanted to see "Jane." The suspicions of the police being aroused, a despatch was at once sent to Baliarat, and by tile next train Orford, . who a few minutes previously was with the man who assaulted Mrs. fleece, arrived at Romsey, and ut once identified the prisoner as. his late mate. He will be brought up at tbe - Lesrmonth police court to-morrow morning, when it is thonght conclusive evidence as to his identity will bs forth coming. : The Education department is at present engaged with all the available meant at com mand to meet the daily inereasing require ment! iu the way of school accommodation in the country districts. To remote localities where no suitable buildings exist, and where the erection of permanent structures is out of the question, portable wooden buildings will be forwarded and utilised for educational purposes. A contract has been taken for the construction of seventy such buildings, and already a large number have been delivered nnd sent to tneir destination j and until the completion of the oontract, the remainder will be finished at the rate of abont half-a-dozen weekly. By this means it is believed the more pressing wants of various localities will at once bo met until the loan ia floated. The hearing of the charge preferred by the Customs department against Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons was proceeded with yesterday, and the case for the prosecution closed. Mr. Purves entered upon a long and elaborate address for the defence, in which he argned that the question of the non-payment of duty on the thirty dozen gloves was simply a matter of error by the shipping clerk. If the invoice had read 100 dozen gloves aud scarfs, it would have been correct. It was preposterous, .'he said, to suppose that auoh a firm would run the risk of being detected for the sake of evading the payment of £5 nt the outside. The com monest pickpocket would hardly degrade himself to such a criine-(Mr. Purves put it), and it was not to be supposed that such a "colossal firm" would stoop so low. If tho direct smuggling were got rid of, then only a question of under mining remained, ana abundant evidence would be given by the defendants to show that the . goods .were correctly valued. Mr, Trowell was held up as a man. on vhpm up reliance could be placed, and Mr. Pnrves threatened that bo wonld call Mr. Blakeney to prove that Mr. Trowell bad asked him to take £100 worth of goods just prior ' to Ste. vensons' stock-taking, on the understanding that tliey (the goods) were to be taken back again immediately afterwards. This state ment has been denied by Mr. Trowell. Mr. O'Loghlen said he would oppose any such course being pursued. They were not there to try whether Air. Blakeney or Mr. Trowell spoke the truth, but to try if certain Cus toms duties were or were not paid. If they were to be led (iff into side issnes of this kind the trial would never end. if tbe state ment about Mr. Blakeney affected the issue to be tried, defendants could give rebutting evidence, but ob it was altogether a collateral issue they could not. At this stage of the proceedings the hearing of the case was ad journed till to-day. The detectives are still prosecuting their inquiries with regard to the mysterious dis appearance from Hawthorn of Mrs. Thomp son and her sou, but up to a late hour last nigbt nothing had transpired of public im portance. Air. Beazley, a brother of Mrs. Thompson, is iu town, and is lending the authorities every aid iu his power. The police at Lilly dale, where young Thompson is. supposed to have. gone, are making a vigorous search for him, but they have not yet been able to discover bis whereabonts M r. Roberts, the champion billiard-player of the world, who has recently arrived in the colonies, has made arrangements to give public exhibitions of his skill, tbe first of which will take place on Wednesday evening next, at the Athemeum, upon a table sup plied by Air. Alcock. The terms of . admis sion are, it appears, somewhat special, but it ' would be premature - as yet to publish particulars. The arrangements are still in complete, but it is probable that M. Carina and Mr. Roberts will try issues at a date not yet fixed. An accident occurred at Henderson's Agri cultural Implement Works, Elizabeth-street north, yesterday eveuing, A man named W. .1. Murphy, aged forty-fiva years, re siding in U'Conuell-street, Hotham, was ungaged in snwiug wood at a steam circular saw, when by sotne means' his hand came Into contact with the swiftly- revolving blade, and was frightfully mutilated. The unfor tunate inati was at once removed to the Melbourne Hospital, where it was found hecessary to amputate a portion of his angers. The case of Learmouth v. Bailey advanced another stage yesterday. Mr. AlacDermott concluded hia address to the jury on behalf of liia client, Air. Edwards, audMr. Holroyd made an appeal on behalf of . Mr. . Louglihn. Air. Box intimated that it was not his inten tion to address tbe jury on behalf of the Ege'rtdn "Alining Company. - T-he evidence for the defence will he oommenceil this morn ing, aud it is expected to occupy several days. Iu the Supreme Court yesterday the case of Hcdrick v. Jones was concluded. The action was brought to recover £101 for com mission on the sale of the Globe Hotel, Swanston-strect. Tbe defence was that plaintiff had already received his commission from All'. Watmough, who sold the house ; also, that Jones had ne\'er. employ eil Hedrick in the'matter at all. The jury found a ver dict for the defendant. The oase of Hartley v. Eurton was tried in tho Supreme Court yesterday, before the ' Chief .T ustiee and a jury of four. The action was brought to recover £500 for compensa tion for injuries received t'rom the defendant's vehicle running over plaintiff in February last. The plaintiff was nonsuited on tho grouud that the defendant could not be teemed the owner of the carriage and horses, inasmuch as he had let them to another person, and, further, that he was not in charge of them as driver at tho time the accident occurred. A libel action, brought by Air. Thomas Rrpadber.t against Air. Sinail, was tried at the Supreme Court yesterday, before the Chief Justice and a Jury of Four. The libel complained of was contained in a' letter signed "An Auditor," which appeared in the JMili/ J'eleyraph some time ago, and re ferred to the plaintiff, who was designated an insolvent grocer. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £50. The amount claimed was £500. After tho arrival of the twenty minutes pust six p.m. down train from Melbourne at the Footscray station yesterday evening, as it was about to proceed on its journey, a man deliberately threw himself across the rails of the up line as the train was ap proaching. Fortunately two or throe gentlemen observed the occurrence, and suc ceeded in dragging him off the line. Ho wns taken to his Lome, and is supposed to be Buffering from the effeots of drink. A meeting of the members of the Austra lian Widows' Fund Life Assuranoe Society was held at the head office yesterday. Mr. I. AI. Pratt was in the chair, and explained that the meeting hail been called in accor dance with the requirements of the Com panies Statute, although there was no busi ness to transact. He took advantage of that opportunity, however, to congratulate the members upon the excellent prospects of the soaicty. During the past half-yeac they had to deal with 512 proposals, and the ' annual revenue amounted to over £13,000, while they had £15,000 of accumulated funds, whioh were invested principally on first-class mortgages, at good rates of interest. The claims during the half-year had only been £500. As formerly, the accounts were audited close up every month. The first qninquennial investigation would take place after the 31st October next ; and he hoped those members present would afford their assistance to the directors in their efforts to push business. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting separated. ' American papers of recent date report that foreign shipments of cotton goods still con tinue from Fall River, and the prospect is that they will- in the future be largely in creased. At present the mills are sending from 10,000 to 15,000 pieces a week, on a basis of forty-fiva yards to a piece. So mnch for tbe reeont attempt of the American free- traders to explain away the importation of American calico into England and Victoria. The National Reform League meet, at Stutt's Hotel, Bourkc-street, this evening. Air. Graham Berry ie expected to be present to take part in tbe debste. A case showing how careful persons should be in conducting their business transactions in Buch a straightforward manner that their motives should be above suspicion was in vestigated in the City Conrt yesterday. A man named Patrick F. Kavanagh, an agent, was charged with larceny as a bailee. It appeared that a money-lender named Abraham Goldberg had negotiated a bill of sale for £10 with a commission agent re siding in Simpson's-rqaJ named John Williamson, and the time having expired he sent the prisoner to take possession on the Sth ultimo. On the 12th of the month he told Mr. Goldberg that he had obtained the money due, some £8 10s., and would hand it over, but notwithstanding thatfrequentap- plications were made to him for the amount. he did not do so. Willisimson also said he had paid Kavanagh the money. When be fore the court, however, he admitted that in making such a statement ho told an untruth. He had obtained a receipt for the amount from Kavanagh on the under- standing that Mr. W. J. Dillon, the sheriff, officer, would satisfy the bill in pursuance of en understanding th had been arrived at between them. Air. W. J. Dillon stated that he had never paid any money on account of the bill, nor had he undertaken to discharge it, although he had given a half promise that he wouTd do so. On the case presenting this aspect, Mr. F. Stephens who appeared to proseeuto, applied for a remand to enable him to further consider the matter, and intimated that he should institute proceedings for conspiraoy against all concerned. 6 Two little children, named respectively Sarah and Thomas Oldham, the elder being four years of age, were brought before the. City Bench yesterday as neglected children. Their mother died some time back, and since then the father has been pay ing a respectable woman for their main, tenance. Lately, however, he has failed to forward the usual remittanoe, and the woman finding herself unable to support them out of her own resources, was forced to bring them before the conrt. They were both ordered to be sent to the " Industrial Schools one being consigned to Baliarat, and the other to Geelong. Another case of obtaining money by means of a forged cheque came under the notice of the City Bench yesterday. A man named Martier Herman had been ataying for some weeks at the Excelsior Hotel, Bourke- street, and on tbe 25th ultimo he owed Mr. Frank Opitz, the landlord, about £7 or £s| He had previously told him that he had been eDgaged by Mr. E. Steinfeld, of Elizabeth-street, at a salary of £1 per week and without being asked had given him a cheque for £1 on tbe National Bank, pur- porting to be signed by that gentleman. On its being paid into that bank through the Colonial, it transpired that - not only was the document a forgery, bat Mr. Steinfeld bad never opened an ecooont at that beak; nor . did be know -the prisoner.' The' police were -oommnnionted' With," and 'detective Duncan and Lovil arrested the prisoner who reserved his defence, and was committed for trial. The half-yearly meeting of the Fourth victoria Permanent Property Building and Investment Society was ' held at the offices Elizabeth- street, last evening ; Air. G. N Turner in the chair. The report, which was of a highly satisfactory character, showed that during the half-year the sum of £23 235 10s. fid. had been advanced to borrowing members ; £32,770 bad been received oa deposit, of which £GS12 had been repaid, leaving £2r.,!)5S lis. 9 d. ot dredit of de- positors. 473 investing shares had been msued, making the number now current DiiOO. Two new agencies had been opened, with the prospect of. considerable business. A vote, of thanks closed the meeting. Thomas Johnson, a man nearly sixty years of age, was charged at the Emerald- hill Police Court yesterday, with uulawruUv attempting to take away his life by cutting his throat with a razor, on the loth May. It was shown that the accused 'lodged in Bauk-street east, and on the day named he barricaded the door of his bedroom. The police were sent for, and on forcing the door open Johnson was found lying on his side on the Hoor, with a gash in his throat nearly four inches long, whioh' exposed the wind pipe. He bad- also a large cut on liis right arm, .which woe bleeding profusely. "He asked for poison to complete his intended destruction, as the razor, lying open beside him, had uot been effectual. Dr. Haig at. teuiied, and closed the wounds, and Johnson was then removed to the Alfred Hospital. Raving sufficiently recovered, he was ar rested; and ' charged as above, and having admitted that he had intended to commit suicide, he was committed for trial at the next General Sessions. The causes assigned for the rash deed were monetary difficulties and indulgence in drink. - Yesterday a large meeting of ladies and gentlemen took place at tlie Abbotsford Convent, with the view of making arrange inents to hold a bazaar in the first week of next November, in aid of the funds of the charity. The institution has for a long time been struggling on in its heavy and expen sive labors, and as a means to relieve tho failing funds the bazaar has bocu resolved on. Mr. P. O'Brien, J.P., was appointed chairman of the followingjcominittee. chosen to carry out the object : — Alessrs, Alornane, Feehan, Kelly and .1. Buckley, tbe last, named gentleman to act as hon. secretary. The following ladies expressed their willing, ness to act as stall- holders Lady O'Shanassy, Lady Duffy, Airs. Archer, Mrs, Brownless, Airs. Tobin, Sirs.. Martin, Mrs. ftbrfis, Alrs.-Feeh'hn, Mrs. llynon, Mrs. D. Duffy, Mrs. Al'liitosb, Airs. Head, Mrs. Elderton, Airs. Taylor, Mrs. Council, Mrs. Murphy, Mrs. Hoelskeu, Miss Bennett, the Misses ICirby, Miss Crosbie, Aliss Gaunson, Miss Hayes, Aliss Starke and Aliss Alary Ryan. The ladies of the Wesleynn congregation at Williamstown gave a concert in the school, room, Pasco-street, last night, which was well attended. The programme was a heavy one, and was well performed, receiving fre quent marks of approbation from those present. Scarlet fever is playing terrible hnvoo in the Avoen district. The Mail reports that a son of Mr. Peter Kingdiedon Friday morning, nnd early on Sunday morning a little girl of two yeare of ago was stricken down, making two deaths in the same family within sixteen hours, The funeral of bath children took place at the same time, at midday on Satur day. The fever in these cases seems to have been of tbe worst kind. The youngest child has also beeu attacked with the disease, but by thc'lnst account was state! to be progress ing favorably; - Following this' comes still more startling news, namely, that three young children in the family of Air, Coffey, of tlie Aloonambel-road, died on Sunday night, all within about three hours. These ebildrSu were attacked on Wednesday, while tho lad previously attacked is expected to recover. Air. James Wise, who was thought to have recovered, had a relapse on Satur day night, and has been very dangerously ill. Three new cases have been reported, two children of Air. Cook, bootmaker, aEda young son of the Rev. G. blathers, Presbv. terian minister of Avoca. The local board of health have done everything which could bs thought of for preventing tbe spread of the disease, and it seems that nothing more can be done, unless it is to prosecute unsparingly any person who allows an infected child, or child from an infected house, to commuuigato with others. It is hoped that the rain which has set in will do muoh good by purifying the air and allaying tbe infected particles. Writing of the recent Fire Brigades' de- monstration, and the late fires in Afelbeurue and Sandhurst, the Bendlgo Advertiier says " When we find Sandhurst, Carlton, Kilmore and other up-country cities aud towns deprived of their fire brigades, it is a matter of comparative indifierence to hear that the Sandhurst corps ran faster than that of Baliarat, or that the reeling was more efficiently performed by tbe Mel bourne men than by their competitors, whilst the destructive element is left to rage at home uncontrolled by those on whose assiduity we place reliance for the guardian ship of our lives and properties. The amour propre of the different brigades might be Mattered by after-supper speeches and toasts, quaffed in sparkling champagne, but such festivities are but a poor compensation to those who witnessed the inefficiency of the hose, and the difiioulty of getting the water laid on, at the fire ia Pall Mall, ' The QippAand Times states that the uu. .fortunate man Henry Hitchins, who wis recently admitted to tho hospital from Donnelly's Creek, suffering from severe burns, was operated on by Dr. Reid ou I Monday, who took off the left hand at the I wrist, and the right one little above the I wrist. I The M. and D. Advertiser reports that » I serious mining accident occurred at the Duke I of Edinburgh mine, Majorca, on Sondiy I last; to a miner named James Lawraulou, I who was engaged on the derrick, at the top I of the poppet-heads, - guiding some pump I rods which had been removed for replace I ment. In some unaccountable way the ropi I broke, and the poor fellow was precipitated I to the brace, a distance of 15 feet. He wis I at once picked up, bnt it was found be had I sustained a very serious scalp.wound, befldei I various injuries down tbe left side of hit I body. I The plans of the seats for the Rev. Chas. I Clark's farewell lectures on Thackerajr will I be on view at Messrs. Allan and Co.'e eo and after to-morrow morning, sad si s great demand for places is expected, those in- tending to be present should eecure their I eats without delay. I -Sinoe Hamlet was put on the stage at the Royal on Saturday last, a decided improve- ment has taken place in its general preieuta- tion. This was most marked last night. Mrt. Bryer, as the Queen, is quite excelling beraeff, though she is so considerable over-weignteo. Mr. Appleton, as the King, basalsomadegre>l advances in public favor, his acting now iu- a playing much more of the tragic element that on the first night of the preaentauon. ' Mr. Talbot, evidently in deferenoe to tm f Subllo- wieh, has infused more earnestoesi its his personation of the leading character, H ' making tho fiery Hamlet harmonise more with the general conception of the Prince of Denmark. Mr. Davnpier's Ghost is more chostly tWon before ; and Mr. Greville'e itravedigec-r is without a fault ; while Miea Carey's .Ophelia is a finished and artistic niece of a' ; ting from beginning to end. There js every/prospect of the Shakspearian season being a/great success. The/performance of Fritz was witnessed tgaitu lust night by a crowded audience at the /Opera House. This evening ovary person attending the entertainment will re- o«ve a gratis copy of the Lullaby song, uliich bos beoome snob a favorite piece Of music. The copyright of tho song has been reserved by Mr. Emmet, who never. ,e!ls the music. It is merely given away for private use. The U.S. Minstrela had a fair house at the Apollo Hall last night. The company of English and French ar tistes now occupying the boards at St. George's Hall played their varied pro- gnmme last nignt bifore a tolerably large audience. The Australian Journal for the current month is to hand# We bare to acknowledge receipt from Mesvs. lergussfa and Mitchell of their Monthly LiaAtf fof June. ____________ 