JOTTINGS. .rrxo_<v~> ? T js asserted upon the very highest philo- sophical authority that "There is nothing new under thc sun." I am not prepared to assail this doctrine as being incompa- tible with strict metaphysical enquiry, because I am content to believe, from the strength of the evidence adduced, that many of the discoveries aud inventions which aro now trumpeted forth to the world as illustrating the marvellous scien- tific advancement, intellectual pre-emi- nence, and material progress of the present day were tolerably well known to our old friends the ancients, long before they had time to develop by successive degrees from their Darwinian phase of existence, iu thc gorilla age, to thc more perfect specimens of manhood ' or monkeyhood- that is too delicate a questiou for rae to j attempt to decide-in which the " human form divine" now j disports itself. There may have been nothing new in the wide dominions over which the luminous rays of Old Sol's crown sheds effulgence up to a very few days ago, or (to be moro precise) up to the time of Mr. Parkes' visit to Murrurundi; but I veutuie to boldly assert that such is no longer the case, and that that stronghold of philosophy which exalted the all-pervading knowledge of the pre Adamites or antediluvians at thc expense of the moderns must now be for ever abandoned. I place this statement on record deliberately and advisedly, "nothing extenuating," nor " setting down aught in malice." There can be no sort of doubt entertained upon the point any longer ; for I have seen the newest new thing, or theory, or whatever you pre- fer to call it, in print, and, ergo, it must be true. And, not to spin out the clastic skein of metaphor too much, but to come to the point afc once, it is ft is statement, made by Mr. Parkes in allusion to thc Fitzpatrickian fiasco in the Assem- bly, that has made each particular hair pf my head staud on end with incredulity, like thc quills on the fretful por- cupine. I give the exact words used by Mr. Parkes : A sceno occurred tlio othor day which outside critics commonted upon | with extraordinary severity, lio voforrod to tho occlusion of Mr. Fitzpa- trick moving a want of confidouco motion, which lapsed in what, had j been termed a scone of disorder. To his judgment, that scone was ono of I the most creditable exhibitions of tho present session, for it showed that the mombors, some of whom wore fast losing their roal character, were still mon-mon of oi'dinary passions and feelings, which would vise within them at any unfair proceeding. And tho scene itself though commented upon with tho most absurd sonso of its indecorousness, waa no moro than occurred in tho House of CommoiiB noarly every session of Parliament. Scenes infinitely worse had occurred in tho flonso of Commons-scenos of uproar, in wliioh members had shaken thoir clenched fists and called evory kind of numus to ono another, and in which taunts had boon hurled back in savage defiance-not for two minutos, which was the utmost duration of tho scone hore, but for six or sovon hours continuously. There wa« an anecdote told of tho House of Commons during tho struggle for the first lloform Act, when tho House was kept sitting in tho time of "Euri Grey all night by members first moving the adjournment of the House ami then tho adjournment of tho debate. In a House like tho House of Commons, consisting of OOO monibors, of course thoy could carry that to any length, but in a small Aspombly like that of this colony, inasmuch as one member could not make the samo motion twice, it soon came to an end. Will any one, after reading this utterance (which, it is but fair to add, was delivered under the generous influence of good-wine, at a banquet given in honour of the gifted orator), dare to doubt that the present epoch is devoid of originality ? Mr. Parkes is such an authority on the House of Commons, and is so well posted in its sayings and doings, that I am sure every man, woman, and child iu the land and nil the rest of us-will rejoice to lenow that, as a model deliberative assembly, the Parliament of New South Wales towers high in the heavens above the head of the House of Commons I What are blue blood, aristocratic lineage, high intellectual culture, gentlemanly refinement and polish, the pride of race, and the splendid associations belonging to centuries of historic existence-which have impressed the seal of dignity and honour on thc conduct of the members of the House of Commons, gaining for them the distinctive designation of thc " first assembly of gentlemen in the world"-what are these, I repeat,'com pared to the perfect development of good breeding and exalted motive to be met with in our- Legislative Assembly, where the concen- trated essence of all the political virtues, doubly distilled, is wafted about in a rich aroma that puts Rimmell's per- fumes completely in the shade ? Hold up the House of Commons, forsooth 1 as a light to guide-a model to copy au embodiment of what a Parliament should bc ! Pshaw 1 Put your hand on the map of New South Wales, and then expire, oh ! benighted seeker after political perfection ! I should like to know if there is, in the whole code of moral ethics, any law which distinctly establishes tho right of ownership in such a covenient article of portable property as an umbrella, especially a silk umbrella possessing a com- mercial value of rather more than a guinea. A literary friend of mine, who recently purchased the useful articlo just named-and,what does not always follow as a strict se- quence, paid for it-was nuder tho impression that his title to it was thereby rendered indefeasible ; but as events sub- sequently proved, this idea was quite an erroneous ono. He had occasion to visit the Telegraph Oilico, and, quite obli- vious to the fact that there was anything imprudent in doing so, thoughtlessly placed his umbrella beside him while writing out his telegram. Having advanced a few steps and handed that missive to tho clerk at the counter, he turned round to pick up his umbrella as he was about leaving the room, when-heigh ! presto !-it was gone. Now it must be admitted that an incideufc of this kind, although no doubt of daily occurrence, is not quite calculated to produce emo- tions of a pleasing and amiable character. Howovcr much one may admire a thoroughly cool, composed, and imper- turbable manner of doing things generally, he does not like to have his " cherished gingham" appropriated by another without so much as tolling you a word about it or making the least fuss. I am aware that tho moral? of society on tho subject of umbrellas aro lax and hazy; but I can't say that I quite ondorBe the free-and-easy and delightfully am- biguous ideas as to real ownership in hats and umbrellas which are so prevalent. I think it is clearly necessary that tho lino of damarcation which defines "feo simple" in these matters should be incontestably established in fact aB well as in law ; for although tho law lays down certain rules on tho point, it is evident that the force of public opinion or conventional practico ovorrides it. Tho anecdote told of Douglas Jerrold, tho famous wit and genial author, shows that oven in his time things wcro no uottor. Ono day a friend of his had occasion to go into the city, and as it came on to rain heavily, ho aßked Jorrold (to whom ho had lent his umbrella), and who Avas on tho same errand, to return it. Jerrold, who, in having possession, had niuo points of tho law in his favour, stoutly refused to comply with the request. His friend, in despairing accents, cnod : "If you w ill not return my umbrella, what am J to do for oiie ?" "Do?" replied Jerrold, with supreme disdain; "do as I did borrow oue !" It appears to me that, even here in Sydney, people who have no umbrellas of their own are thorough adepts at "borrowing" those of other people-and better still at keeping them when " borrowed." The political schoolmaster has gone abroad. Mr. Parkes has been making speeches at Murrurundi and Maitland. It is by no means an unusual thing for Mr. Parkes to make speeches, and it is a very usual thing for Mr. Robertson to object to some of the statements to which Mr. Parkes gives utterance during these self-imposed " stumping" visitations. I didn't wonder at the Hon. John getting his feathers ruffled a bit at the peculiar subjects which the author of " Murmurs by the Stream" takes it into his head to expatiate upon during his political peregrinations. It is highly creditable to Mr. Parkes that he should endeavour to enlighten the people of the interior on the principles of "Constitutional Government" in New South Wales (for I may here paren- thetically observe that the said people exhibit a lamentable ignorance of political questions, and that they are prepared to stand any amount of enlightenment on the subject with- out suffering in the least thereby.) And it is natural that he should, in that connection, intersperse his deliverances with a few pointed references-just for the sake of illustra- tion, and without even the shadow of ulterior design-to the practices of the Robertson Ministry in administering that most glorious privilege of a free people. Although of lyrical and lymphatic temperament, and giving expression to his "murmurs" anent things political on the classic banks of the Hunter River, Mr. Parkes (unlike most poets whose names grace our literature) showed that his thoughts were not altogether in dreamland on the occasion referred to, and that the flue phrenzy of poetic fire did not render him at all oblivious to the anomalies (at least from his point of view) of the " political situation." With that rare appre- ciation of the realities of life which is far more compli- mentary to his political than to his poetic instincts, Mr. Parkes combined theory with practice, and threw a flood of light upon the nature and principles of ' ' constitutional government" as it ought to be, in order the more effectually to show what it has become in the hands of his degenerate successors in office. Mr. Parkes then, with that playful volubility for which he is renowned, descanted in flowing periods'upon the shortcomings of the Robertson Govern- ment, whom he accused of all the cardinal sins known in the political calendar-and several others besides that it requires the keen eye of a strict moralist like Mr. Parkes to discern. And, gentlest of gentle readers ! if yon are not fond of that most interesting and profitable of all mental exercises -reading the speeches of rival politicians who are entrusted with the noble but awe-inspiring task bf saving the country from destruction, guarding its infant years, and turning its political footsteps in the way they should go-then I, who am condemned at certain hours of night (by the pale light of the midnight lamp) to "wade into" this frothy, bubbling 8ea,with desperate purpose, in order to pick up something to jot down, may tell you that the head and front of Mr. Robert- son's offendiug consisted and consists in this-that he won't resign office ! Everyone who understands politics will see that this is a crime of the deepest dye, and one for the per- petration of which no punishment short of political decapita- tion is at all adequate. Robertson and Company have been nearly two years in office, which is bad enough in itself in all conscience, but infinitely worse when it means that Parkes and Company have been out in the poid all the while. In his speech at Maitland, Mr. Parkes spoke with trembling accent and fiery indignation of Mr. Robertson's want of sensitiveness to constitutional custom, which enjoins that a Ministry shall resign whenever it is out-voted on any question of moment ; and still, in the very face of this most sacred of all political dogmas, Mr. Robertson had refused to " throw up the sponge" on anything less than a direct vote of want of confidence, notwithstanding that he had been defeated (softly whispered Mr. Parkes) on no less than thirty occasions. Mark well the words : Thirty occasions ! And yet never an inch budged he-the lion-hearted, or pig- headed, or rhinoceros-hided Robertson. I don't think the statement perfectly true in every particular, for it strikes me as probable that it must be accepted with more than the pro- verbial grain of salt; but still, allowing for that slight tinge of exaggeration which is inseparable from political utter- ances delivered under such peculiar auspices as the Maitland oration of Mr. Parkes, there is something more than fancy to justify the grave accusation and bitter taunt he has flung at the head of his Parliamentary antagonist. But to my way of thinking, Mr. Parkes' modesty far exceeds his vitu- perative powers. " How different, how very, very different" (said he in effect), " was it wheu toe were in office!" Ah ! yes. The sensitiveness of Mr. Parkes' organization to the slightest breath of censure-hid overweening anxiety to resign office when tho first faint blush of unpopularity of his Government manifested itself-will be treasured up in future history as a priceless precedent ! Much as I admire this sunny land and its free institutions, I fear there is no hope of absolute redress of existing political evils and mal- practices till the advent of the millennium, when it may be assumed that that stupendous but too-long-delayed prac- tical reform will take place which shall instinctively impel those who are in office to give way, with graceful and un- questioning alacrity, to those who are not-and that this pleasing exhibition of perfeét goodwill by ono side to the other shall, like the gentle, running brook, "go on for ever !" - Some officious busybodies, who ought to be minding their own business-that is, if they have any business to mind, or any mind to mind.it-have been making a fuss in Parlia- ment about the fact that the police have lately been dis- covered in giving prisonors (who were too intoxicated or stubborn to " move on" without that gentle aid to locomo- tion which the truncheon imparts when wielded freely), a preliminary thrashing-I suppose as a foretaste of what they might expect when securely "caged" should thoy in a moment of wild exultation exhibit any symptoms of a mutin- ous spirit. How anybody can have the audacity-oven members of Parliament, who aro brazen as brass, and whose " cheek" is often their most remarkable qualification-to censure the police, I can't possibly conceive. I can only accept the circumstance as auothor and most convincing proof, were proof wanting, of what Horatio had to learn " that there were stranger things on heaven and earth than woro dreamt of in his philosophy." I would not accept any solution of what appears to my mind to bo a complete enigma on any authority of lesser magnitude than that of Shakespeare. A policeman is, in my eyes, a magnificent creature-a perfect development of sinew and muscio, al boit with a slightly Hibernian accent-who walks abroad with shining boots and atatoly stride, conscious that the majesty of tho law and the safety of the social fabric are figuratively represented in his person ! Would society continue to exist on a solid basis, would the earth revolve upon its axis, would the sun shine, the seasons come round, or the seed germinate, were the world to be suddenly deprived, at one fell swoop, of that nobie band of peace-preservers whom we affectionately designate as "Roberts" or "Peelers" to show our veneration for that great English statesman who was so honourably identified with " the force" (Sir Robert Peel) ? I guess not. The policeman is the guardian of our lives and properties-our clothes-lines and hencoops. We know how nobly he devotes himself to his duties-how he prevents the burglar from entering our houses-how he always appears in the midst of a quarrel at the critical moment how he quells the disturbance ere it develops into riotous disorder-and how he is always at your elbow the instant you want him I We know all these things, and, knowing them, have no hesitation in expressing the warmth of our admiration for the character, and the extent of our appre- ciation of the immense usefulness, of this much maligned custodian of all we hold precious. But I ara sorry to see that the members of Parliament don't (at least some of them) perceive this ; but, then, what can we expect from them! Of course, people who " see double" and have "open house," as it were, in the refreshment-room of the Assembly, can't be expected to use their optics as common people do. Hence they have had the superlative effrontery to impeach " poor Robert"-not he of anecdotic and proverbial fame, mark you, for the true policeman is quite innocent of literary know- ledge or ambition-from their high place in the land. It is some consolation to think, however, that it was only the Parliament (the Commoners) of New South Wales, that did it. If a policeman may not employ his baton-emblem of power and authority-on the cranium of any inebriate who is too confused by the fumes of tire-water to understand any but a " knock-down" argument, what is he to do with re- fractories, who are not sufficiently awed by his presence to go meekly with him, " like lambs to the slaughter." The idea of attempting to impose restrictions upon the use of that " purswader" is a melancholy farce, too preposterous for serious comment. And are we a race of barbarians, that it should be necessary to define what a policeman's duties are, and where he should stay his hand when he desires to use the stick ? -. Can it be possible that the mantle of William Forster, now Agent-General for New South Wales, but late master of arts in the sciences of pungent criticism and polished invective in the Legislative Assembly, has fallen upon the shoulders of Mr. John Robertson ? Even so it would appear to be ; and no less a personage than the great and mighty Mr. Parkes has come under the critical lash of the Premier. Mr. Robertson has spoken. And it has been published far and wide throughout the land that Mr. Parkes (the greatest living authority on Parliamentary usage) does not even know how to frame a resolution, although he has been elec- trifying the "country bumpkins" with a three-houra' speech on Constitutional Government. 'Tis ever so with would-be greatness. And Mr. Robertson, who takes special pride in being able to yard a bullock or sit a buck jumper with the most expert stockman on the Jingera mountains, is able to teach the political alphabet to that astute and learned, that "potent, grave, and reverend" statesman, Mr. Parkes. It is true that, as far as mere verbiage goes, the cause of difference is trifling ; but then people who go in for hair- splitting must of necessity put a very fine point upon their arguments. Let me inform you, by way of preliminary, that Mr. Robertson was speaking to a deputation from the Newcastle district, who came to urge upon him the overcrowded state of the labour market there for coal miners, and to impress upon the Government the necessity of restricting immigration of that class of persons, and you have the key to what follows. Said Mr. Robertson : _ Mr. Parkes's resolution stated that not less than £150,000 per annum should be spent out of surplus revenue upon immigration ; that, of course, could not be intended. Mr. Parkes was a great authority on Constitutional Government-at least he said he was. A resolution was never passed in the words " not Jess " than so much money to be ex- pended ; it waa always stated as "not exceeding." AU Acts of Parlia- ment, all resolutions for tho expenditure of public' money, said " not exceeding." Mr. Parkes's resolution said " not less." That would mean that, whether we wanted immigrants or not, we must spend no lesa than £160,000 per annum on their introduction. Of course Mr. Parkes did not mean that. It was all very well to complain of Mr. Parkes, bub he did not mean this. * * * * We had a system here which was working admirably, but Mr. Parkes raised a cry about Roman Catholics trying to cut the Protestants* throats, and tho Kiama ghost story was got up, and the whole thing was knocked on tho head. Mr. Parkesmade a flutter iu favour of immigration, but ho had done more than any one else to atop immigration to this country. * * * # With regard to what Mr. Parkes said at Maitland, most people had a peep at Shakespeare sometimes, and they would find his allusion to the man in authority, who "Plays such fantastic tricks beforo high heaven as make the angels weep." Well, now, if Mr. Parkes, in putting forward the rights of woman, having secured the flutter of a few cambric handkerchiefs at Maitland, became so elated at the popularity cast \tpou him that he lost his head and talked bombastic nonsense, made the grossest misstatements, and spoke of judicial impartiality, he must be pitied. He did not mean it. This is certainly hard hitting, and perhaps Mr. Forster, in his happiest flights, could hardly have come down on the devoted head of his old antagonist with more crushing force. It is sufficient to openly disagree with a man, and to express your disagreement in the strongest terms at your command when discussing any knotty question ; but it is positively cruel to coolly tell ..him " that he did not mean it "-or, in other words, that he did not know what he was talking about-when, in the presence of an enthusiastic audience, including members of the fairer sex, he (with swelling heart and dilated nostril) makes a speech which he flatters himself is a " splendid hit. " That is ' ' the unkindest cut of all, " aud about the roughest and readiest way of pulling a man down a peg or two that I wot of. Mr. Parkes will do well in future to remember, when delivering one of his gushing orations in the interior, that there is a " chiel takiu' notes" in Sydney -indeed, I might say, a pretty wideawake old rooster-who will bring him to book without any compunction of con- science should he crow too loud. To the disinterested spec- tator, what a pretty little game of cross-purposes the inno- cent abroad at Maitland and the innocent at home in Sydney have been playing ! This is how one newspaper alludes to another which has stopped publication:-Sad to relate, the Dubbo Advertiser departed this life a week or two ago. It was a sickly child from its birth, and although it passed safely through the measles, scarlatina, and whooping cough, still an attack of croup, ero it could be weaned^ sealed its fate. Worn and exhausted, yet resigned ; oh ! how happy it was. There it lies in all its heavenly beauty, in that sad, silent city of de- funct journalism. Sweetly may tho daisies blossom o'er its head, and softly may the zephyrs blow over the grave of the accidental sleeper, till the trump of some Gabriel shall sound to arouse it from its slumbers, and impel it, Phouix-like, to start from its ashes into a fairer and nobler form. 