THE REV. CHARLES CLARK ON "OLIVER GOLDSMITH," , On Thursday evening last the Rev. Charles Clark delivered his lecture on Oliver fioldsmith, in the Mechanics'.Institute, Woodeud, which was wellfilledon the occasion, the fro»t seats being crowded many of those who held tickets for them having to be accommodated on the stage. Mr Clark commenced his lecture by giving an account of Oliver Goldsmith's father, the Bev. Charles Goldsmith, who hrfd a small living in Ireland and was the original of "The Village Preacher" that beautiful character portrayed* in Oliver's "Deserted Village.'' ge wasa man of but small means, and with ą large family, but still of unbounded charity and benevolence, which principles lie strongly inculcated to his children.' The subject of the lecture, and with yhom the lecturer said but few could ćcmpare'eith^r .in poetry or prose, and who has scarcely been equalled in popularity since his day, save by Scott and Dickens, wBs ibe fifth child of the Bev. was sent to what was then called a Dame 1 school in the villiage, the unstress of wliich was in after years fond of boasting that she had placed the first horn-book in the hands of the celebrated Dr Goldsmith. His father subsequently obtained the vicarage .of Kilkenny West, near Lismore, " The Sweet Auburn' of the uoeiu, and Oliver went to school at a Mr Paddy Byrne's, who besides instructing his pupils in the tliree R's, reading, riting, and ritlimetic, was fond of imparting to them wonderful legends, ghost stories, and ballads, of which lie had a great store; he was afterwards removed to a larger school, and by the time he was 9 years of age had managed to pack up a tolerable share of school boys classical learning. He was described as a short thick set boy, with harsli features, much marked with small-pox, but with a sweet and benevolent disposition. The rev. lecturer gave several recitations from the " Deserted Village " illustr.it.ve of his subject, and in his usual excellent manner. Goldsmith'.- brother, Henry, was a tutor in a gentleman's family, but his fannlv thinking little of Oliver's abilities, had destined him to be an architect; however, in the year 1745 he obtained a Sizarship in Trinity College, Dublin, a not very enviable position, the Sizars being compelled to wear a peculiar dress not unlike that of boys in the blue coat school and to perform various menial offices, in return receiving board, lodging and education. He also had the misfortune to have for a tutor a Mr Wilder, a person quite unsuited to him, who because he could not take to Mathematics never gave him any encouragement in his other studies, and the consequence was ultimately tliathe quitted college intending to go to America, but having spent what little money he had in his usual thoughtless manner he returned to his mother, now a widow and in reduced circumstances, by whom he was kindly received, and went back to college where he is said to have written ballads to eke out liis subsistence, and greatly to have enjoyed hearinn them howled out by the street singers of Dublin. He obtained his degree of B.A. in 1749, but his intention of going into the church was given up and his uncle, who was always his great friend destined him for the Law, gave him £50, with which he again proceeded from home to Dublin, where he had the misfortune to meet with a college friend, who ased him of all his money at some game cards of which Oliver was totally His uncle again assisted him and sent liim to Edinburgh to study medicine, here he procured a lodging and left his luggage and money there, whilst he went out to look about town, and late at night - remembered that he did not known the name of his landlady, or of the street, in which she lived. He, however, regained his home. He remained in Edinburgh until 1754 ; always short of money, but when he had any totally unable to resist the appeals of those in distress. He then went to the University of Leyden, where one of his expedients to obtain a living was to teach the Hollanders English, though he did not understand a word of Dutch. He then started on foot on the tour of Europe, where he found liis flute a great assistance ; though the lecturer hinted that he feared Goldsmith's performances were not superior to those of Dick Swivelier as described by Dickens, and of which part of the old curiosity, and here Mr Clark gave a very humerous illustration — the tour is described in the Vicar of Wakefield, in the narrative of a Philosophic Vagabond. He returned home in 1756, having obtained a foreign degree which enabled him tn style himself Dr Goldsmith. He was for some time a strolling player, and used to say had met with great succes. Afterwards assistant to an apothecary and usher in aschool, the miseries of the latter situation lie has described in George Primrose's narration. Some of his college friends started liim in business for himself in Southwark but here he met with no success, his easiness and benevolence causing him whilst dispensing to others to feel the bitterest poverty. Ai length he took to writing ior publishers by whom he was miserably paid though one of the Griffiths kept him writing from morning till late at night upon any subject he chose to dictate, then insisted upon correcting what Goldsmith had produced. After some time his writing becoming better known he was employed by a higher class of publishers and better paid and was cnablsdtoobtainmore comfortablel idgings where he formed the acquaintance o. the literary world in 1701. Dr Percy afterwards, Bishop of Dromore, introduced Dr Johnson (then in the height of his fame) to liim and a strong and genuine friendship sprung up between the two men so unlike in disposition, the former one, senteutatious and melancholy, the latter, ch ;erf ul, buoyant, and hopeful, the lecturer introduced the episode of Goldsmith being arrested for debt by his landlady and Johnson, going to relieve him and selling for him that famous work, the Vicar of Wakefield (of which Sir Walter Scott says we read it with delight when young and return to it with pleasure again and again when advanced in life.) The lecturer Iwre recited a great portion of the first chapter of the Vicar, and those who have had the good fortune to hear Sir Clark recite can imagine how perfectly it was done. He then said the publication of the poem, " The Traveller " at once raised Goldsmith 6 o the rank of an English classic and quot3d Macanley's high eulogium upon that work. Goldsmith mixed with the talents of the day Sir Joshua Reynolds, Johnson, Burke, Garrick and others, and was also a member of the celebrated Literary Club, so well described by Boswell. His comsdies, she stoops to conquer, and the goodnatured man, also added to his fame and wealth, his numerous other writings are well known. He died at his Chambers in The Temple, London, on the 4th April 1774, deeply regretted.by all liis friends and companions and not only those but by a crowd of the unfortunate and miserable, whom he had been in the constant habit of relieving. Mr Clark wound up a highly interesting and amusing lecture by an eloquent address principally addressed to the young exhorting tliem to take warning and avoid poets and novelists, fables and failings, but to imitate the example of his benevolence and feeling for the wants and miseries of "others and retired amidst loud applause. The object of this lecture was to relieve the wants of a poor woman with a 'large family,, the widow of a person named M'Levie, long resident in Woodend, but who recently died after a very long illijess and having been an inmate for some -time of the Kyneton Hospital, and the Com: mittee hope and expect to be able to hand .over to her somewhere about £15.' 