TOWN TALK. The B.M.S. China, the arrival of which has been so long delayed as to cause some anxiety, was telegraphed as being off Glenelg between 5 and G o'clock yesterday morning. She sailed again from Adelaide at 11 a.m., and may ho expected to arrive at the Heads early to-morrow-morning. Our English telegram announces there was a very large attendance of home and foreign buyers at the wool sales, which commenced on the 15th inst., and that, although prices have not advanced, the biddings commenced with spirit. We received a private telegram on Wed nesday evening stating the Speaker had re fused to accept the Ministerial petition from Geelong, owing to some informality, but as this statement was contradicted in our Par liamentary report we refrained from publish ing the message. We find, however, on referring to the Melbourne papers, that the Speaker ruled it was not in order, as the wording might he considered offensive to a section of the House, consequently it was not received. The necessity of a Geelong Branch of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was clearly shown yesterday, when a man, apparently hawking green groceries, could ho seen driving a horse with its bones almost forcing their way through tho skin, being in such an emaciated state that it at tracted considerable attention as it passed along the streets. With sundry thumps the poor feeble animal was made to drag its load, and its unrelenting master, who sat amongst his wares, seemed quite unconcerned about the misery he was inflicting on his beast. A very unsatisfactory and ambiguous answer was returned by tho Chief Secretary to Jfr Connor, M.P., last evening when asked what steps had been taken to rescind tne recent instructions from Mr Curr, Chief Inspector of Sheep, making it compulsory on stockowners, dealers, and others to have all sheep sent to the Geelong markets dipped twice before removing them from the sale yards. "Practically, he said, the colony was clean, hut theoretically it was not." He is, however, to consult with some gen tlemen to-day on the subject, and it is to be hoped they will be practically not theoreti cally inclined. A severe accident happened on hoard the steamer Williams yesterday, soon after she left the Yarra-street Wharf. One of the stokers employed on hoard the vessel, named John Callaghan, was endeavoring to open a window just above the engine. In doing so he thoughtlessly placed his right foot slightly over the ledge overlooking the crank shaft. In an instant the crank, which was in full work, smashed down on the unfortunate man's foot, tearing the hoot off, and crushing two of the poor fellow's toes completely oil. This sad event for a time subdued the jollity of the excursionists. Callaghan was forthwith removed to one of the officer's quarter's, and the injuries were attended to by Mr Briud, chemist, of JBallarat, who was on board. When the steamer arrived at Portsea, Callaghan was placed on board of the steamer Golden Crown, which took him in the evening to Melbourne. • On the way to Portsea some members of the Geelong Fire Brigade started a subscription list for the injured man, which was promptly taken up, and over £16' were collected. Captain Richardson has since requested us to express his thanks for the liberality displayed by his Geelong and Ballarat friends who wore on board, and states the man will be well taken care of by the owners of the steamer. We are indeed pleased to notice that the Geelong Branch of the Victorian Protection League has determined upon affording the electors of Geelong East and West an op portunity of discussing, and hearing dis cussed, the political questions which are now agitating the public mind. With this object in view, they have convened a public meeting, to be held in the Mechanics' In stitute on Monday evening, when the Mayor of Geelong will-preside. All the represen tatives of Geelong East and West are invited to attend, and speeches are to be delivered by some of our leading politicians. As this will be the first meeting that has been held in Geelong to discuss the important subjects that are now occupying the attention of our Legislature, it may fairly be anticipated the large hall of the Institute will be crowded to overflowing, so many being anxious, by vote or by speech, to express their opinion on the policy that has been enunciated by Sir Jas. M'Culloch. I A youthful aspirant to the fame of BI011 din, four years of age, named Robert Roberts, was admitted to the Hospital about j 7 o'clock last evening with a broken collar bone. The little fellow had been daring enough to climb a six-foot fence, on the top of which ho intended to show his dexterity, but the unfortunate accident occasioned by his fall put an end to his performance. Un doubtedly the ropewalker who lately visited Geelongwill liave a great deal to answer for. There must be men possessed of queer taste in the Melbourne fish market. During the hearing of an action brought to recover damages for false imprisonment, on "Wednes day, a witness stated it was a usual thing for putrid fish and other unpleasant substances to be thrown by the hawkers frequenting the market at each other. Prom this it would appear the hawkers arc fond of a "'smelt." The Ballarat East station dog Ponto has not (a .local paper remarks) lived amongst constables during some years of his life with out taking a rational and intelligent view of tlieir duties. On Wednesday Ponto effected a capture on his own account, which has made him quite a distinguished animal, qualified, if not for a share in the public re ward fund, at least for the dignity of a brass collar. On Wednesday Senior-constable Nolan and Constable Nolan were patrolling Main-street in company with the dog, when a Cliincsc named Ah Kum was seen coming from the direction of Mr W. T. Glenn's store with a bag of sugar and a cornsack. The Celes tial, a noted rascal, when he observed the po lice, dropped the stolen articles and trusted to pass on without being questioned, but when he saw the police making towards him, took | to his heels, and ran as hard as lie could l the constables quickly following. John was swift, and bade fair to elude his immediate pursuer, Nolan, when Ponto joined in the chase, seized the vagabond by the clothes, and fairly held him until the constables i could come up. A good many persons saw the capture, and tlio sagacious animal, on being patted and praised, was almost beside himself with joy. Ah Kum will bo brought up at the police court this morning. A report was started yesterday afternoon by some unprincipled persons, to the effect that the steamer Williams, conveying the excursionists from Geelong to Sorrento, had come to grief through the boiler bursting whilst passing the South Spit oft" Qucens clift'c. Such a rumour, so industriously cir culated, was quite sufficient to cause alarm to the relatives and friends of the excur sionists, and many anxious enquiries were made to ascertain the truth of it. Several telegrams were sent to Queenscliffe and each reply stated that the Williams could be seen moored at Portsea, apparently free from the consequences of any such serious accident. A member of the Ancient Order of Druids, forgetting how ghostlike his attire when in full regalia, recently went out of a lodge at Belfast, to seek a brother ancient. He had no sooner gone into the street than the larri kins took liim for a ghost and raised an alarm which-brought a stalwart gentleman with a strong stick to the rescue. The Druid beat a retreat, but determined to punish the disturber of the public peace, the gentleman, not being aware of the meeting of Druids, burst open the door of the lodge when nu merous ghostlike figures caused liim, in his turn, to skedaddle. A pedestrian named Ered Wain, who re cently walked 100 miles in twenty-four I hours in New Zealand, has backed himself | to walk 112 miles in forty-eight hours, carry ing a oGIb bag of flour the whole distance. In the course of the recent operations for the recovery of the Cook's Straits telegraph cable, those on board the Luna had the novel pleasure of fishing by steam. A baited hook having been attached to the deep sea lead-line, at the 120 fathoms cast, an enor mous bapuka (over lOOlbs) was hooked, and the line, we are told, was hauled in by the donkey-engine -with such velocity that on | reaching the surface the fish was quite dead, "and its great eyes were glaring'out of its | head"—with astonishment, no doubt. Ghost stories are becoming as plentiful as snakes in season. A young couple were re cently walking on the banks of the River | Hopkins, as we learn from the Mortals Bis patch, when the lady screamed. The chival rous wooer looked up and saw before him a huge body seven or eight feet high, "sur mounted by a ghastly head, with large glassy protruding eyes, that glittered and stared with a ghostly glare in the dim moonlight." With one terrific Bpring ho jumped into and I swam across the river. The cause of his ] alarm was an old. gum stump, suitably at. tired and surmounted with the skull of a bullock, which some youug wags, who had induced the young lady to bring him to the spot, thought, aud truly so, would be quite sufficient to make all his courage ooze out ~t his finger ends. There was very nearly being a sad ter mination to the sea trip by the steamer Williams yesterday. When the vessel got alongside the Yarra-street wharf in the evening the spectators crowded about on each side. One.of the.passengers walked to the end of the wharf as ho saw people crowding about them, and mistaking the way to the shore, he fell into the I water. Fortunately the seamen on hoard of the barque Queen Emma observed tlie man struggling in the , water, and J they immediately threw him a line, which | be got hold of, and allowed himself to he drawn on to the wharf again. Beyond the ducking, he sustained no injury. As he could not swim, however, the escape from | drowning was a remarkably narrow one. On Sunday evening the monthly lecture j in St.. George's Church will he, "The Family: The Biblical Lesson." The annual meeting of tho Geelong I Volunteer Fire Brigade was formally held on Thursday morning," and adjourned till next Thursday evening, at half-past seven o'clock. Pending the completion of such arrange ments which will make the drawing for the Ballarat Art Union satisfactory to the public, the drawing has been postponed. Out of the 100,000 tickets S4,000 have been sold, and it is anticipated the balance will he quickly disposed of. Tho following strange announcement is made in the dunes Guardian:—"We were informed on Wednesday by a Ballarat gen tleman that Mr John Palmer, of. that city, has received instructions from the Opposition to prepare a petition for presentation to the Queen, praying the recall of Sir George F. Bowen." A monster bullock was recently landed at Wellington, N.Z., from Wanganui. He turned the scale at 35 cwt. 1 qr. - He was eight years of age, the followiug being his measurements :—Height, (> feet 1 inch; length, 11 feet 9 inches; girth, 9 feet 10 inches ; at belly, 10 feet 11 inches ; hocks, 2 feet 1J inches ; arm, 3 feet; width across loins, 2 feet 11 inches ; yoke, 7 feet S inches. The beast was very pioperly called " Prodi gious." The printers of Wellington, N.Z., have recently taken it into their heads to describe their occupation by attaching J. P. to their surnames when visiting the museum there. Tlie secretary wondered and' felt highly gratified that so many Justices of the Peace should visit liis establishment, but was rather sold when told that J.P. stood for "Journeyman Printer." According to the Hew Zealand Herald, tlie subjects discussed at tlie late native meeting at Pakolihai, Hawke's Bay, were :— 1\. To agree as to who should be tho member of Parliament for the East Coast district. 2. That this meeting agree as to whom they shall appoint to guide them in all matters relative to the Maori people in New Zealand. 0\. That the Maori member of Parliament control those tribes by whose vote he was elected. 4. That tlie tribe so voting have a voice in the policy to be acted on by their member. 5. That this meeting express its opinion in regard to the' newspaper 'J'e IVananya. 0". That the whole Maori race of New Zealand should become Good Templars. Tlie result was that they fixed on Karaitiana as their candidate, and agreed that Sir George Grey should be tlieir political guide. The third and fourth resolutions elicited no discussion, and what opinion tliey passed on the Wananya newspaper that journal does not inform ns. It was a purely Maori meet ing, and no Europeans were expected to attend except those specially invited. No representative's of the Press, except one from the Wananya, were present. With regard to tlie last resolution, the Maoris passed it readily enough, and if they will only keep it, it will he a good tiling for them, no doubt. The following additional subscriptions have been received in aid of raising a tablet in memory of Captain Nicholson. Mr James Sinclair, £1 ; Mr E. Sander, 10s. In the la3t list published the address of Mr Thomp son should have been Cowies Creek, not Creswick. A further sum of £10 is wanted to raiset he required amount and the Mayor will still he happy to receive contributions. The following are the teams chosen to represent clubs in the cricket matches on Saturday afternoon :—Kardinia. v. Factories, for the Junior Cup—The latter will he re presented by Messrs Jane (captain), Hunter, Gliddou, Wiiniicott, Dixon, Stanhope, Har die, Millikin, Dairy mple, Harding, and Scho ficld. Emergencies—Michio, Battye, and IV right. The Kardinia team consists of Messrs J. Armour, Blair (eaptain), Crohan, Eden, Haima (2), Hanson, M'Sweenoy, Veitch, Watt, and Woollard. Emergencies -Merchant, King, and Digby. Kardinia Park v. Argyle—The Argyle team consists of Messrs Berry, Best, Culleu, Christey, Rylah, Palmer, Sparrow, Winy, Hall, Ney lon, Sommers. Emergencies—Sibley, Do Heuzcll, Andrews, and Peermau. Union v. Newtown—Tho former will he represented by Cole, Dalzell, Kirk, M'Cormick, Mitchell, W. Mitchell, Price, Scott, Shaw, Stuckey, and Wallan. Emergencies—Bullock and A. Dalzell. Tho following is the programme chosen to he played by the Artillery Band in Johnstone Park to-morrow afternoon, commencing at lialf-past 3 o'clock :— 1\. March, " The Anglo Saxon"—Shelly. 2\. Valse, " Minnie"—Offert. 3\. Selection, " Coutrabandista"—Sullivan. 4\. Quadrille, " Noee a M argot"—Marie. 5\. Overture, " Tallin"—Deplace. 0". Waltz, " Mountain Blossoms"—Lyons. 7\. Grand selection of melodies, " The Queen's Minstrels"—Metcalfe. 8\. Galop, "Tlie Midnight"—Harris. National Anthem. 