A GHOST STORY. At the close of the Medical Session last summer, I and my college friend Tom Rayner received an invitation to spend a month with an uncle of mine in Brecon- shire. This hospitable offer was promptly accepted by Tom and myself, for the hard work of the previous four months had begun to tell upon us, and a few weeks' idleness in the heart of the country was what we had long desired. I had not been inside my uncle's house for upwards of ten years, so that I looked forward with satisfaction to this visit. Friend Tom, too, spoke of it with ardour, for he had a vivid recollection of a singularly fine pair of dark eyes, the artillery of which had played upon him to no little purpose,. some six or seven months before. The said dark eyes, be it remarked, belonged to a certain little cousin of mine, who had accom- panied my uncle, Mr. Rees, on his last visit to town. The Saturday following the Monday, then, on which we had heard from my uncle, found us and our belongings on the plat- forn at Euston Square. The nine o'clock express bore us rapidly towards Offa's Dyke, and by five the same evening we were safely housed underneath Mr. Rees's hospit- able roof. My uncle was a gentleman-farmer, and lived in a retired part of the country, but as there was no lack of amusements in the shape of fishing, cricket, and athletics; I found the time by no means hang heavily upon my hands. As for Tom, he declared, the hours whizzed by like lightning. No doubt they did-no doubt! My uncle was hospitable to a degree, and treated us throughout with the greatest kindness; but in one respect, unfortunately, he, and Tom and myself, did not exactly agree. This was in reference to the hours of meals, rising, and retiring at night. In these matters he was a perfect martinet, and everyone in his house, family and guests alike, was expected to rigidly comply with the rules and regulations in force. Break- fast at seven, supper at half-past eight and all lights out by ten, were points he strongly insisted upon, and with regard to which he would not budge an inch. Now, Tom and I found getting up in time for breakfast at seven a difficult task enough in all conscience, but still we did manage somehow or another to achieve that; but going to bed at a quarter to ten-this was a rule we found it utterly out of our power to abide by. We luckily occupied a double-bedded room, so that we could gossip away an hour or two of the time; but conversation, when carried on in bed and in the dark, is not a generally of a lively character, so, after a few nights we got heartily tired of this. At last, when we had been there a week, we held a consultation and the result was that I proceeded one evening to a neighbour- ing villiage, - and there invested in two candlesticks, a pound of composites, a box of matches and two bottles of brandy. These were smuggled into the house and up to our bedroom the same night, and thence forward, as Tom remarked, we went to bed at a reasonable time. Directly the authorita- tive bang of my uncle's bedroom door was heard. unboxed our brandy, and by the a help of cigars, chit-chat, and readiig, enjoyed ourselves hugely until half-past a twelve or one a.m., when we usually retire to rest. Having thus removed the only bar to the pleasure of our visit, we certainly had a very jolly time of it; and the sole source of regret was, that owing to home engage- ments, we could not possibly prolong our stay. It was shortly before our departure that the adventure occurred which I am about to relate. We were assembled one evening round the supper- table, and the conversation turned on ghosts. Well ventilated was the subject on this occasion, and many were the weird stories related. Mr. Rees, Tom, and myself were decided sceptics with regard to such visita- tions; but my aunt and black-eyed cousin Polly were devout believers in the super- natural, and were not to laughed out of their faith. "Tut,! tut !" cried my uncle, contemptu- ously; "what nonsense you women are talk- ing! -It's rubbish, I tell you!" "Rubbish, indeed !" ejaculated my aunt, with a defiant toss of her head. " How can you say such a thing, when you know the White House here has been unquestionably haunted for years past ?" " The White House ?" I asked, "Where is that?" " Why, that large three-storied house, a little distance up the main road," replied my aunt. This was the old coach road. It ran past the front of my uncle's house, at a distance of about two hundred yards, and was reached by means of a private carriage drive. " Do you mean," I continued, " the first house you come to on the right hand, turn- ing into the main road, and going in the direction of Bromvelyn ?" "No, no," answered my aunt; " we call that down the road. That's a large white three-storied house, too; but Farmer Evans lives there. The one I mean lies in the opposite direction. You walk down the carriage drive in from here, and turn to the right not the left. It's the first house on the right hand side." "And is it really reported to be haunted?" inquired Rayner. "Certainly not," replied my uncle; "nothing of the sort! A pack of old women's tales! It's been empty for a long while, and a whole string of stories have been set afloat concerning it that's all !" "'James! James!" cried my aunt; how can you talk at such random! You know that such awful noises are heard there at night, no one has been able to inhabit it in our recollection! Why, its scarcely three months since that Swansea solicitor and his family tried to live there; and they only stopped one night! Such fearful things took place, that they went away the first thing next morning !" Other details were furnished us concern- ing the empty house by my aunt and cousin, but my uncle pooh-poohed the whole affair, affirming the mysterious noises were to be attributed to no ghostly visitor, but to the doing of the natives of the district-to some- one, perhaps, who had good reasons for wishing the house to continue empty. But the ladies would not admit this great solution of the difficulty, and an animated discussion was only put an end to by Mr. Rees giving the signal for retiring for the night. "I say, old fellow," said Tom to me, as soon as we reached our room, "what do you think of this ghost business ?" "Well," I answered, "I hardly know what to say; I presume my uncle is right, and that some practical joker must have been at work." "Perhaps so," said Tom; "but I tell you what I have got to suggest, and that is this:--Suppose you and I sift the matter for ourselves, by passing a night in the house ?" " Well," said I, laughing, " I've no ob- jection; when shall we go ?" " Why, this very night, to be sure," cried Tom; "we could'nt select a better; no one can possibly know of our visit, so there will be small chance of any trickery occur- ring." " But---" I remonstrated. "But me no buts !" cried Tom impatiently. "We can do it easily, I tell you. We'll take cigars, brandy, and candles with us, and arm ourselves with our walking-sticks, which I see luckly in the corner there. We can drop from the window into the garden without any trouble, and return just as easily, by means of the ladder in the tool house. No one is about this part of the house" (our bedroom window, I should say, looked in to the back garden) "early in the morning, so that we can slip unob- served in. This will be an excellent plan, for if we get scared out of our senses, none will be any the wiser. Come:along !" And beforeI knew well where I was, we had dropped from the low window on to the garden turf, and were groping our way round to the front of the house. "' But, Tom," I said, we reached the top of the drive, "How shall we find our way ? It's as dark as pitch! , Besides, how can we get into the house ?" " Oh. we'll find our way right enough," he replied; " and as to getting in, I noticed the other day there were no shutters up, so I can easily force back the catch of a window with my knife: Take care, man, or you'll be in the ditch!" This caution came too late, for, stepping out boldly, as I thought, in the right direc- tion, I tumbled head long in the ditch at the side of road. Fortunately, there was no water in it, so, with the exception of a slight shaking, I sustained no damage by the tumble- ment. We now walked arm-in-arm, and getting a little more accustomed to the darkness, we pushed on faster. We had not gone very far, though, be- fore we marched into a pond. Confound it:!'' cried Tom, as we hastly regained terra firma. "How stupid of us not to have recollected this pond! it's about twenty yards from the turnpike, you know! Steady, steady ! keep to the left, or we shall be in it again. Come along !" On we went accordingly, but, just as we entered the main road, we stumbled over a a heap of macadamised stones, and measured our respective lengths on the ground.. Up we got, bruised, growling, and savage; but no bones luckly being broken, we turned to the right and resumed our course. We now made famous headway, as Tom kept a good course by touching the right- hand edge with his stick as we walked along. It was fortunate that he did this, for, as we could not see a foot before us, we should otherwise have gone right past the house. As it was, directly the hedge ceased, we were made aware that we had reached our destination. We remembered that the house stood close to the road, and that there was no garden in front of it, so we groped our way till our sticks touched the front wall. Feeling about, we discovered a window, and this Tom quickly opened with his knife. We clambered in, and I struck a match and lighted a candle. The room in which, we found ourselves was a large, plainly-furnished parlour; and here we held a discussion as to where we should take up our quarters for night. We come to the conclusion that we could not do better than select a room on the third story, so we made our way into the passage and mounted the stairs "I say Tom," I said, as we ascended, "this doesn't look much like a haunted house. See how highly polished the oak staircase is, and what a snug, cosy aspect the place has generally." "You forget," remarked Tom, "that it was inhabited only three months ago." "Ah," I put in; "so it was. But now we are on the first landing, let's see what sort of a room we have here." So saying I opened a door facing me, and we walked into what was apparently the best bedroom. It was handsomly fitted up; but it struck damp and cold as we entered, and had evidently not been occupied for a long while. Without taking the trouble to explore the first floor any further, we mounted to the second. Here the first two rooms we examined had been used for the storing of lumber, to judge by their contents; but another facing the road did boast of a little furniture, and here we determined to bivouac. Propping up a candle between a couple of old hooks on the mantel shelf, we pro- ceeded to make ourselves comfortable. Tom dropped into a rickety arm- chair, and I threw myself on a low truckle-bed at the side of room furthest from the door. We then lighted our cigars, and placing the brandy-bottle within convenient reach, we deliberated as to what we should do in the event of any ghostly manifestations taking place. But for the space of two hours nothing whatever occurred to alarm us. Then, just as the distant village clock struck twelve, we heard a sound. We could not make out exactly what it was, but it apparently proceeded from the lower part of the house. We held our breath, and with intent ears eagerly awaited a second edition of the noise. It was not repeated; but soon a door was slammed violently, and something -- it sounded like a tea-tray--fell loudly to the ground. I now stole to the door, and then noise- lessly opening it, listened again atten- tively. But all was once more as silent as death. I closed the door, but had scarcely taken two steps from it, when a loud roar-like sound reached our ears. This also came from the lower regions, and resembled, more than anything else the blast of a trumpet. "What can it be ?" observed Tom, look- ing rather pale, and taking a tremendous swig at the brandy-bottle. "I can't imagine," I replied in a whisper, " unless it's " Here we heard the trumpet-like roar for the second time. Twenty seconds had scarcely glided by, when a fresh and more extraordinary noise greeted us. It differed from the others in-being con- tinuous, and we speedily found it was caused by somebody or something mounting the stairs. 'Twas no human footstep we heard, we felt assured; neither did it sound like the tread of any animal. What could it be? First, there was a dragging, shuffling sound; then a sharp bang, then another I shuffle, and then a bang again. It came nearer and nearer, till it reached the first landing. Here Tom whispared hoarsely in my ear, For goodness sake, shut the door, and let us see what we'd better do !" I complied; and Tom hurriedly retreat- ing to the fire-place, reached up, for his stick, which was on the mantle-shelf. In doing this, he knocked down the candle, which fell sputtering on the ground, and in a trice was out. We were now in total darkness.... An instantaneous and zealous search for the lucifers began, but they were nowhere to be found. All the while, the mysterious sounds ap- proached nearer and nearer. Soon the horrible visitant gained the second floor, and came stumping and shuffl- ing in the direction of our room. Tom, stick in hand, retired to the win- dow; and I, grasping mine, stationed my- self at the head of the truckle-bed. The handle was grasped. I cannot describe my feelings at the moment. The door opened, and the creature what- ever it was, slowly and silently made its way straight towards me. "I could stand it no longer. I raised my stick, and aimed a tremen- dous cut at the intruder. I mised my aim altogether ; but the force of the blow brought me into violent contact with a figure of unmistakable flesh and blood. With a loud exclamation of dismay, the man.--for so it was - fell sprawling on the floor; and in an instant I was on top of him, my hand on his throat, And my knee on his chest. "I have got your ghostship !" I roared. "Hunt for the matches quick, Tom! I have him safe !" "Thieves!" screamed the victim, making furious efforts to raise himself; " fire! help!" "Hold him tight.!" I shouted Tom. " I've found the matches!" But, before a light could be struck, we heard loud voices in the lower part of the house, and the sound of several footsteps hurrying up the stairs. Tom now lighted the candle, but I had barely time to notice that my prostrate antagonist was a wooden-legged man, in the dress of a farm-servant, ere half a dozen people burst tumultuously into the room. I released my prisoner, and sprang to my feet. " Why. what's all this ?" demanded a stout man, armed with a poker, who led the way. "Two strange gentlemen in the house, and one of 'em throttling John in his own bedroom ! Brandy. cigars, and candles ! Why, what's it all mean, I say ?" I was commencing a few blundering, apologetical words of explanation, when Tom came to my rescue. "Excuse me," said he, in his most en- gaging manner; " but there has evidently been an unfortunate mistake. We were under the impression that this house was unoccupied." " Unoccupied !" exclaimed the stout man. " Why, I and my family have lived in it for generations! Who could have told you such a nonsensical tale as this ?" A terrible light now flashed across my mind. " I beg your pardon," said I; " but this is called the White House, is it not ?" "No; certainly not," was the reply. "The White House lies on the other side of the way, about a couple of hundred yards up the road, This is called Abernant, and belongs to me, David Evans." I now understood the state of affairs. On entering the main road from my uncle's drive, we must have turned to the left in stead of the right. The intense darkness of the night, and our fall over the stone heap, must have led us astray. We hastened at once to explain matters to Mr. Evans; and he, fortunately, accepted our apologies in a most genial spirit. The absurd blunder we had committed in taking his place for the haunted house, tickled him immensely, and he would not hear of our leaving till we had given him a detailed account of our adventures. It appeared that Mr. Evans and his family -servants and all-had that night been to a concert at a neighbouring town. They had only returned by the last train, so that there was no one in the house when we entered it. We must, first of all, have heard them moving about, and the remark- able trumpet-like sound was caused by Mr Evans, who did neither more nor less than loudly blow his nose. The last mysterious noise was the stamp- ing up to bed of wooden-legged John , who proceeded there-as he invariably did-in the dark. 'We:took the precautioni to borrow a lantern for our homeward walk, and re- gained our room without observation, by about two a.m. The story of our escapade was soon noised abroad, and we had to sustain the brunt of uncomplimentary jests for some hours. My uncle, who was the most unmerciful of all in his sallies of wit, was most par- ticularly anxious for us to repeat our vigil in the real haunted house, but we had had quite enough for the once of ghost hunts, so declined acting upon his suggestion. But there really must be something wrong about this White House, for Tom heard from Lucy last week-he has epistles from her regularly now-that some extraordinary occurrences have lately taken place there. So perhaps, next summer, when we run down again, we may go on another ghost hunt. If so, we will not fail to relate our experiences. R. V. C. 