THE NEW STORE PRESS. New Ye rk journalism is something quite ski generis. Its origin is inexplicable by any of the commonly received theories of evola tion. unless it be that of heterogeneous it is unlike anything that went before it, and there is nothing resembling it in any other English speaking country. It is untrammelled by convention, and disdains all rule and precedent. When you find a leading article commencing with an announcement like the following Poor Carl Suhuta has swallowed himself once too often and does not sit easily on his own stomach, ' you feel that you have left the travelled highways of newspaper literature, and begin to sniff the free air of the boundless prairies. And when you find one of the most popular preachers in America welcomed backed to his pulpit, after his summer vacation, with a playful greeting of this kind, there is no resisting the conviction that the liberty of the press is subjected to no harsh restrictions in the United States - "The country is full of ditches, and rocks bandy for Talmage to fall off from and water over Talmage's head But he did not live up to his privileges, and here be is again. No doubt be a healthier, and louder and more odious and vulgar than ever Still, we do not wish him any harm If something could happen to his voice so that he could not speak above a whisper, and he were disabled from writing, and could not swing his arms about in public , if he were hermetically sealed up in a large jar for example, and deposited in a cellar somewhere he would be quite an inoffensive member of society ' There is a rollicking, roystering, frolicsome spirit of mischief about this which reminds you of the tricks perpetrated by the clown in a Christmas pantomime He does not bear the slightest ill will to the policeman whom he and the pantaloon attenuate until that functionary is 18ft long, and neither does the New York World cherish any hatred in its marble heart against the voluble and stentorian Talmage Still, if he had fallen from a precipice and broken his neck during his summer rambles, that journal would not have been inconsolable, and would have written the longest and neatest obituary notice of that popular divine which it could "fix upon so sudden an emergency The Tt but is prone to expatiate among the buttercups and daisies of sentiment Some of its articles smell of bean fields, and honeysuckle, and clover It writes plain five little prose idylls, under the disguise of leading articles, which combine the tender mess of Theocritus with the suave simplicity of Goody Two Shoes It is fond of such head- lines to them as "John," Polly, "Lead us not into Temptation," "Only a Baby, and so forth It can gush with the feminine fervour of a middle aged spinster, who has just discovered that the aesthetic mind of the new curate sympathises with, and respond to, the aspirations of her own for the unattainable, the Infinite, and the Unknowable It picks up heroes in humble life, after the manner of Mr. Charles Reade, posea them picturesquely on a "property pedestal and invites all the world to wonder and to worship. The other day it devoted a column of breeder to a prolonged spasm of rapture over " the birth of a baby, a girl baby, the child of young Flaxman and his wife, who are certainly as common- place a pair of human beings as can be found in New York." Tetterly'a baby lolling in the arms of Johnny, " lagging heavily at the rear of troops of juveniles who followed the tumblers or the monkey, and came up, all on one side, a little too late for everything that was attractive, was nowhere in comparison with the Tribune's baby, over whose cradle the editor crooned forth the following artless prattle - "What sermon this little helpless bit of flesh, in its roll of flannel, preached-bow can we tell? It was preached in some speechless fashion. Everybody has seen the Baby and its inexplicable influence in a household Something of the Divine healing power which from the manger in Bethlehem drew peasants and kings to worship together still seems to linger in every cradle The baby in the Flaxman house was to outsiders like any other baby But within it was a miracle-a wonder The trivial mother sobered into a quiet gentlewoman, the grandmother and she held hourly councils over the blue Maisonette and talked of colic and croup, instead of Minton ware and old Etruscan Sometimes the prose poet of the Tribune changes his themes from the pastoral and the domestic to those of a loftier mood and measure. Like the personification of Anger in Collins's ode His eyes on Are, In lightning s own his secret stings, In one rude clash he strikes the lyre, And sweeps with hurried hand the strings. When such a divine affairs is full upon him, the exordium of his article moves along in solemn swelling sentences like the following - "Homeward he comes Flaunt his banners high all ye brave winds that wait upon him, puff for him the bullying sail and spur the lagging coursers of the sea that draw our Robert home, Play round his keel ye ocean sprites, part waves before his press, caress him not too roughly all ye tumbling billows of the main, but inn beside his back with ripples of delight and tenderly transport him to the shore. His own land waits for him Two continents are an hungered for him. There contemplative Columbia wanders on the beach and asks the sad sea waves for tidings of her son." But, as a general rule, there is more of Brown and of MoBChue than of Homer or of Tyrttoua in the composition of the Tribune, The other New York papers irreverently poke fun at its lyrical leaders, and parody the prettiness of its poetical periods, but, dis. painfully wrapping its singing robes the more closely around it, is pursues the even tenor of its melodious way along the primrose paths of dalliance," indifferent to gibes and jeers, and murmuring to the woods and fields a music sweeter than their own." The New York Times stands more upon its dignity than the other papers in that city, and when it unbends, it does so, as a general rule, in a strain of ponderous levity, or of severe irony. When it discourses in its leading articles about pigs it selects none but what it calls "Porcine Prodigies," disdain rag the innocent sucklings so dear to the heart and palate of Charles Lamb. Thus, on the first of August last, we find the Republican organ turning aside from the exciting topics of the hour to dissertation upon the domesticated hog in this wise ' ' Aside from his uses as food and currency, the pig possesses many charming qualities of head and heart, together with accomplish- ments that endear him to every cultivated build. He has a powerful and beautiful voice, and when he lifts it up to sing his passionate and despairing death Bong in the presence of the remorseless butcher, he frequently surpasses the best efforts of certain popular interpreters of the Verdian opera. It is only fair to admit that his habit of soliloquising when analysing the contents of the swill tub is not an evidence of good breeding. Still if we knew the meaning of his remarks, we might be forced to recognise him as a profound philosopher, and hence a beast absolved from a close compliance with the artificial laws of social intercourse indirectly the pig has had a large share in the achievements of art, for which men have basely taken the exclusive credit The pig built the two great cities of Cincinnati and Chicago, and it was with his inspired bristles that Rubens painted his greatest pictures, and our leading African artists white- washed our walls and ceilings." No doubt this sort of thing is an agreeable relief to newspaper readers, who may weary occasionally of articles written to prove that Governor Tilden ought to be in Sing Sing and that the Democratic party is as barren of men as it is of ideas. The New York Times is never frolicsome, though often facetious, and its humour is almost invariably grim and saturnine. It seems to say, "You may laugh as much as you please at my solemn drollery, but you will never see the ghost of a smile flicker over my impassive countenance '' Thus, not unmindful perhaps of the story of Swift and Partridge, the almanac maker, the Times, having received a letter from a newspaper correspondent named Richardson, who was reported to have been shot dead by the Indiana, claiming to be still alive and well, devotes a leading article to prove that he must be considered to be defunct, and I much, ga "If he is to be quietly per. mitted to pass himself off as a live man, the public hereafter will have no security that anybody is thoroughly dead." Mr. Richardson, it was stated in an associated press telegram, had been riddled by twenty bullets, and then scalped. Mr Marsh, with other prominent citizens of Deadwood, buried the "remains," and there the matter ought to have ended. Instead of which the irrepressible Richardson turns up he can, and will insist upon foisting himself upon the community as a live American Naturally enough the Times protests. The unfortunate man," it observes, " had nothing to complain of in connexion with the obituaries which the newspapers published immediately upon receiving the news of his death. It being certain that he was not only dead but buried, he was straightway credited with the abundant virtues and extraordinary genius to which every dead journalist is entitled at the hands of the writers of his obituary. Hundreds of men who had never before heard his name promptly sat down and wrote of his modesty, bravery, and unique literary skill in a style that would have satisfied the most conceited and exact- ing corpse. And yet Mr. Richardson, with a lack of delicacy which is as conspicuous an his defiance of established facts, deliber. lately spurns these spontaneous tributes of misplaced esteem, and boldly claude that he is not dead. It is possible that his letter may impose upon thoughtless people by the sheer force of its impudence. The slightest examination, however, shows that it is fatally weak. In support of the fact that he is dead we have the testimony of the men who found and buried his body, which testimony is still further fortified by their possession of Mr. Richardson's memorandum-book, found in the corpse's inside breast-pocket. We have also the testimony of the telegraph operator at Fort Laramie, and of the whole press of the country, which, without a single exception, chronicled his death, and mourned his Lobb. In contradiction of this hibbs of conclusive evidence, what does Mr. Richardson give ne? Simply Lis bare, unsupported denial. He must have a curious estimate of the reasoning powers of his fellow-countrymen if he expects them to believe his mere word against the united testimony of Mr. John Marsh and other prominent citizens of Deadwood, of the telegraph operator at Fort Laramie, and of every newspaper in the United States, If Mr. Richardson is really alive, it rests upon him to explain where he procured a spade with which to exhume himself after his burial. Until he produces that spade, together with the man who sold it to him, he cannot convince thinking men that he is not still in his grave. He must also explain how be stepped up the 20 bullet-holes which were found in his body, and how he got his hair back again. Probably he would assert that he pursued and overcame the Indian who had scalped him, and thus recaptured his hair. We must have other testimony than his own before believing be intrinsically improbable a story," This, it must be acknowledged, is excellent fooling," and the unwavering gravity with which the argument against Mr. Rich prison's existence is sustained is not unworthy of the great master of irony, who contended in opposition to Partridge's persevering asseverations that he had not died upon the day which Swift predicted as the, date of his demise that he was so great a liar it was impossible to receive his testimony upon oath, But the New York Times will occasionally condescend to playful banter and it is never so happy as when chaffing popular preachers, or making merry over the performances of spiritist mediums. Thus, in collecting and arranging Boree information in one of its leading articles, for the guidance and instruction of amateur ghost catchers, it indulges in the following pleasantry concerning one of the number : " More than a year ago Mrs. Hull, an in. dustrious spiritual medium, established a preserve of materialised ghosts in her house in Portland. The superiority of her artificially bred ghosts over the wild ghosts of the graveyard and the traditional haunted house was soon generally acknowledged. From behind a curtain hung across a corner of her diningroom she would produce ghosts of all sizes and of any desired sex in unlimited quantities. Her male ghosts were not, perhaps, as large as those produced by the Eddy Brothers, but they were plump and well-proportioned, while her female ghosts were remarkable for their grace and beauty. Of course she exhibited only one shot at a time- for ghosts are well known to be social, and to object in the most decided manner to materialising in squads, or even in couples. Now and then a wicked sceptic insisted that Mrs. Hull personated each and every one of her ghosts, but recently she adopted the plan of permitting the hem of her skirt to project under the edge of the curtain behind which she But while professionally employed, and thus convinced the public that she could not be playing the part of a host on the platform while her skirt remained behind the curtain." But Mrs. Hull was captured by a couple of unbelieving doctors, and this leads the Times to consider the whole question of ghost catching with a view to reduce it to a science, like angling, believing that they might be taken with the bare hand provided they were previously tamed by a plentiful supply of ground-bait composed of flattery and professed credulity. "It is also probable observes the Times, that ghosts may be taken with a fly made in the shape of a new bonnet, and deftly thrown immediately in front of the ghost or in the neighbourhood of the cabinet in which the ghosts are known to lurk. However, the sport is yet in its infancy, and it would be unsafe to decide absolutely in favour either of the trolling line or the fly. That it is wholesome and delightful sport, in whatever way it may be practised, there is no doubt, and as the ghost season is just beginning, we shall soon hear from all parts of the country of the capture of magnificent Single ghosts, and. of fine messes of smaller but no less de* airable spooks." It gives one a novel impression of the American character to find that in the midst of the tumultuous excitement of the Presidential campaign, the leading journals of New York are capable of such derangements as the above, and that they find acceptance with the general public. 