A VERITABLE GHOST STORY. " A qhost story! What nonsense ! Did you ever know any one who owned to having seen a So questioned and sneered a friend to whom I had broached the subject of ghostly visita tions. For answer, I related the following narrative, which I had received from the lips of the person who saw the ghost u And sure, xnaam, it's true as true can be about fairies and ghosts and the like. I've heard my father tell many a tale, time and again, about them things; and didn't a man who built his house on the fairies' road have to leave it, so he did, the good people troubled' him so; and for the matter of.that I've seen a ghost myself out in this new country. I'll tell ye all about it:—The first place I lived at was with a Mrs. . Shore and she was a good creature. The master was well-to-do in a good situation, and she was comfortable as a woman need be, and had a largo family of little children springing up around her. I lived with her two years and over, and then a lingering sickness took her, arid she pined away and died. For a long time we thought she would get the better of her ail ments, and sho had everything'that heart could wish, for the master dearly loved her, and would not hear of her being likely to die. I watched her, and waited on her, by night as well as day, for nearly fifteen months; and then she dropped off quietly to sleep and never woke again. The eldest child was a fine, strapping girl, getting on for thirteen, managing, and handy, and womanly, and would soon bo able to manage for her father; so my poor mistress said that if I would promise to stay with Lucy till she was old enough to take charge of her little brothers and sisters, sho should die content. I did promise; and I did stay. After the mistress' death, things went badly with the master. Business grew dull, and his employer could not givo him so much salary, and at last was obliged to do without him; so he went away for some weeks, in search of fresh employment. When he returned ho told mu he had got a situation i in ; that I whs to pack up the children's clothes, and as much of the furniture us was ! worth removing; and be ready to travel in a j week. I did as I was told, and at the end of j the week we started for . Whon we got j there, the master sent the luggage on, and took ! the children and myself to a fine-looking blue- j stone house, much larger and in better repair than I expected, for he hud told me | the rent beforehand. Tho furniture was late in arriving, the children wcro tired and hungry, and by tho time they had eaten their supjper, both cross and sleepy; so I laid all their beds, as well as my own, on the floor in a large upper room, undressed them aud put them to bed. I settled tho muster's room oh well as I could; set things in order for breakfast, and laid down by the side of ono of tho little ones. I was not long in dropping to sleep I promise you, for I was tired enough with the long journey and tho hard work. All of a sudden, how or why I dou't know, 1 woko up—not drowsy like,' but broad awake, with all my senses about me. There wcro no blinds to the windown, bocatlso, an tie room was ah'i upper one, there' was no fear of being over looked; the moon was shining so brightly that v everything in the room Could be plainly : seen. Tho eldest girl seemed to be moaning in iter sleep, and uneasy, and my attention was at first drawn to her; but looking away from her towards the other beds, 1 oaught sight of a lady standing at the ope'tt do'dr, wht> was staring steadily'at the child; She was a young lady, about ninoteen or twenty, with a beautiful fair skin, and long golden hair streaming down hor .hack; she was dressed in a white night dress or dressing gown; her arms wcro bore, and whito as alabaster, and her bands were pressed together as if in grief;' Presently sho looked at me, and sho was so natural liko that I thought she was a Teal -' woman, and was going to speak to- ' her. Then sho turned and walked out - of the zoom, and I folt and knew. ■■■ I had seen a ghost. In tho morning I told my • - master what I had seen, and said that however. '' much I should like to keep my promise to my dead mistress, I must leave if he stayed in that'-'-, house. He saw I was in. earnest, wont out and -- - procured another, residence, and wo left in the'--' afternoon. The same cabman that brought us';■■■■ took us to onr new home. ' f Ah!' said he, 1P . thought you would not live there long; no one stays in that house more than a week.' -He was a stranger, and I did not like to ask'" -' questions about the houso, so I never heard-1 - what people said of .it; but of this I am sure -' nnr) nnrtain:' In that house I saw a ghost."- : ■■' ■ QUIZ. 