TnE principle of association is one of tlie strongest of the political forces that modern statesmanship lias in vented, and we therefore hail the formation of the National Reform Leneue of Victoria as one step towards the settlement of the great problem which lias been agitating the com munity over since it was endowed witli n constitution. That constitution was a mistake, i t lias failed iguominionsly, nnd experience has placed beyond dis pute the c.aiises«of its failure. These causes may be all traced to oue single blunder on the part of its framers, namely, the endowment of the non- representative chamber of the Legisla ture with the power of vetoing all legislation. There am some whose opinion is entitled to respect who maintain that the creation of two chambers was unnecessary and unwise ; but there is nobody who is not agreed that when it was determined to have two chambers, precaution should have been tuken to give the final voice in legislation to the popular one. "Whether it was from oversight or from design, this has been at the bottom of all our political troubles ; and the Reform League very properly declare that, until the error lias been rectiiied, legislative action on the part of the people is a nullity, and self-government a sham. The remedy which they propose to try has been more than once discussed with favor in theso columns. It is that any measure twice passed by the Legisla tive Assembly, and twice rejected by the Legislative Council, shall be transmitted to the electors by means of a plebiscitum. If there is any fault to find with this proposal, it cannot, at any rate, be charged witlx being violent and revolutionary. The most conser vative stickler for old forms and habits must admit that it will have the eli'eot of securing ample delibera tion and discussion, while it is the nntui-al nnd legitimate outcome of the democratic principle of self-go vernment. The second reform which the League is designed to carry is a progressive land-tax. In every civi lised country such a tax exists, and in si country like this, where the owners of land have obtained it in defiance of the object of the Legislature, and where they contribute to the cost of govern ment less than any other class of the community, it is a tax notso much of ex pediency as of common justice. The po litical object of the tax is not disguised in the manifesto of the League. On the contrary, it is openly avowed that it is intended to make the possession of lai'ge holdings unprofitable, and so to :!brcc the holders to subdivide their j estates, or devote them to eultivation 1 instead of sheep-culture. The proposal , is no longer a novel one, and therefore j it will be unnecessary to produce argu- j ments to justify the position that has been assigned it in the programme of the new association. 1 1 is not only the i - ,1 ' n rr r.-nect" ji of the day. but it is a question which the people of this country have made up their mind to carry at any cost. There has not been such a consensus of opinion about the merits of any question ever submitted to any Englislpspeaking community. Though there may be differences as to details, all parties are agreed that the necessity for checking the depopulation that is going on through the action of the landed monopolist is too urgent to ad mit of any more delay. A tax upon land will fulfil three purposes. It will give revenue ; it will check the spoliation of iho public estate; and : it will transfer tho burden of taxation fx;om the industrial classes to the wealthy orders, nnd so enable the Treasurer of the future to abolish all duties 'upon the necessaries of life. This latter result hns not been over looked by the League, who couple with it the maintenance and extension of the policy of protection to local industries. Altogether a more substantial mani festo lias not been offered to the public of Victorin, nnd we look upon its pub lication as an event in the history of liberalism in this country. The disorga nisation of tho Liberal party, concerning wbich we have heard so much of late, is due to the want of an orgunon about which opinion may centre nnd form itself. Before a party can bo consoli dated its ideas must be crystallised for it. It must know the principles for which it'is contending, and it inlist be provided with a platform round Avliicli it may rally. Such a platform the JN'ational Reform League hns furnished, nnd we hope to see , it adopted and made the point of departure of the new revolution. Publication' of the gold returns for the year just gone seasonably brings into 'prominence the condition of the gold mining industry. Jt is almost a matter of course that there should be a diminution in tbe yield as compared with 1S74,. and so long as the Legis lative Council persists in its policy of obstruction to all equitable provisions for mining on private property, the declension may be expected to continue. The year 1853 was the culminating point in gold mining. In that year the yield was 3,150,012 oz., which, at the customary valuation of £4- per oz., repre sents no less a sum than iil2,600,0S4. Since then tlie decline has been steady. In some stray years there seemed to be a rally, but in the main the progression was all downward, and now the yield for 1875 lias fallen to about one-third of 1S53, namely, 1,083,075 o/., valued at £4,332,200. it requires some little consideration to realise fully the magnitude of tlie change indicated by these- figures. In 1853 every ounce wnR exported, and the total, as already stated, was L' 1 2,000, 0SL In 1875 the total value of exports of every kind, gold inclusive, did not reach £14,000,000, not very much more than the export of gold alone in 1 853. How would the figures show hnd nothing in the shape of other industries taken the place of gold mining 1 Let the lnml monopolists and the free traders answer. Old colonists will scarcely require to be reminded that every year following 1853 witnessed a declension in prosperity. The gold was failing, and no other industries were open for men willing to work, but not able to find it. With lS5fi came the era of soup kitchens, ana meetings of unemployed in Melbourne, G oolong and Ballarat, followed by sittings from day to day mi. permanence of relief committees. These were the times when Air.' Bruce, the contractor, organised gangs of stonebrcakei-s, not for the fulfilment of any particular contract, bnt simply on speculation. Whether benevolence had much to do with the matter may be doubted, but unques tionably the half-crown per cubic yard, while it ultimately proved profitable to the enterprising contractor, was also a most opportune relief to hundreds of men at a loss to obtain a living. Matters became so cloudy that people iu shiploads left the colony. It was just ut this juncture that agitation in favor of protection and of opening up the lands for settlement >vas initiated. Both movements, happily, were suc cessful, aud from that critical epoch not only was retrogression arrested, but a fresh career of 'prosperity was opened up. What would have been tlie condition of Victoria if no other industries had taken the place of gold mining 'I Humboldt graphical! v describes what he saw in tlie once i ich gold regions of Spanish America. Wildernesses of un turned clay-mounds, uround which a few emaciated gold-seekers here and there still lingered, like ghosts haunting the scene of a former busy life. The gold was gone, and nothing had taken its place. That would precisely have been the condition of Victoria, and we need not refer to the pages of Hum boldt for anything descriptive about the desolation of a worked-out gold- field — scenes with which Victorians are sufficiently familiar, and vividly suggestive of the graves of buried hopes. Had not the lands been opened up, aucl fresh industries established, the gold would have been gone, and only tlie mullock and slndge would have re mained. "For some reason or other " gold-mining has been persistent!- dis- " couraged in this country." So writes the free-trade oracle of to-ilay. There is much truth in the remark, and to trace tlie persistent discouragement to its source requires rather a lengthy retrospect. So far back as September-, 1851, when the wonderful Ballarat discoveries revealed the richness of the field, tlie Collins-street journal com menced its course of persistent dis couragement hy broadly pronouncing the doctrine that every ounce of gold i | won by the diggers from the soil should j I be deposited in theTreasury — Latiioue's Treasury — there to await adjudication . to determine what royalty should he reserved for tlie use of her Majesty the Queen ! In after years many a lecture j was delivered from the text, " Let the i " gold right its own wrong ; " tlie in terpretation of tlie phrase being that, as the gold discoveries had grently aug mented the expenses of Government, taxation on tho digger should be rated proportionately. Something of this feeling, doubtless, swayed the free-trade Ministry that placed au export duty nn the precious metal, thereby mulcting the hard-working dig- I ger to tho tune of half-a-crown ' on every ounce of gold he might unearth;" a penalty which a pro tectionist policy succeeded in abrogat ing. The latest form of persistent dis couragement is connected with mining on private property, nnd it will be well for mining constituencies, whenever a dissolution muy place the power in their hands, to question very clore'v candidates who may ?e?k their suffrages, nnd so ascertain what their views are like as regards land monopoly and the fiction that goes by the name of free-trade. The fracas that occurred in the pre cincts of the House last night, between a member of tho Opposition and one of the supporters of tho Government, is directly traceablo to the outrageous conduct of Mr. M'Lellan on the previous evening. In the member for Ararat the Government are fortu nate in the possession of one of the most thorough-paced Parliament ary bullies that was ever let loose in an assembly of legislators. His bullying qualifications are stamped in whatever he says or does. Insensible to decency, with the instincts of a rough, and the tongue of a Caliban, Hois a fellow by tbo hand of nature rrarkod, Quoted nnd signed to do the work assigned to him by his employers of overawing their op ponents by a sheer exhibition of ruffianism. The facts which have trans pired in reference to the occurrences that took place in tho House after the doors were closed on the occasion re ferred to show that the Govern ment have to be congratulated on the acquisition of this delicate monster. The public had scarcely been turned out of the' galleries before he commenced the disgraceful busi ness for which he iB retained on the Treasury benches. Every provo cation that fiendish ingenuity could suggest was thrown out to the Oppo sition to commit a breach of the rules of Parliament. They were a-iised, taunted, scandalised, and even threat ened with personal violence. Mr. Lalor, in particular, was singled out for special vituperation, and it could only have been by a strong moral effort that he did not yield to the temptation to retaliate on the spot. The Government were not content, however, with insulting him ' on the floor of tlie Chamber. They caused their emissaries to follow him into the lobbies, and they were so far successful that lie was compelled, last night, to apologise for having lost the control of his temper so far as to have pro ceeded a. verbis ad vcrbera with the member for Sandridge. Of course the temporary irritation was soon allayed on both sides ; but tho scandal remains. Rowdyism is clearly a part of the tnctics of Ministers. They have gagged the Opposition by refusing to hear Mr. Tucker's motion discussed, and as they cannot convince them by argument, they hope to drive them from their position by letting the M'Lelhtns loose upon them. 'That they will fail in their designs, however, cannot be doubted for a moment. Every fresh exhibition of M'Lellanism will only help to rouse the country to the necessity of getting rid of the authors of it by fair means or foul. 