BLANCH i' Y:V REKER. BY R, MtOUNTENEYJEPRIISON. " OHAPTERt X)11. Now Pane Vereker, as a bachelor,. used to laugh at jealousy. But how little did he think tlien, as he jeered at it in others, that he himself should ever be subject to anything so contemptible and foolish ! In tlhose days the torments he was causing a jealous husband gave him as little concern as the agonies of a bird, laid low by his gun, and was as likely to stop him in his course as a fishl wriggling on a hook is likely to deter an angler from fishing, or a blue-rock flutter ing to the ground in its egony, a imember of the gun-club from rhooting. But now it was mightily different when he was marriod. It could not have boon a more complete turning of the tables if the fish at tihe end of the line and the angler at the end of the rod had changed ends; or the pigeon clappod the iurlingham hero into a trap and ri quested him to hop out and be shot at twenty-five yards' riseo. He was now wriggling on the hook on which he had impaled so many wrotches. With this difference though : there was no one holding the rod and playing him. ILTo was simply writhing on the toentor-hooks of hie own imagination. It was the forebod ing, the dread of what might happen, not -what was happening, that tormented him. It was his own guilty experiences recoiling on his head. It was like the hangman who used to on joy the struggles of his victims and think ' hanging a capital joke, until one day it came to his own turn to be operated upon, when he set up a piteous plea that the punishment was a thousandfold worse for him than for a non- professional, because he knew so much about it that he died a thousand deaths in anticipation. It was also like the physician whose pro fessional Iknowledge is so. often destructive to his peace of mind, in awakening fears and misgivings for his own health. It is proverbial that he is more nervous and fan ciful about himself than most men; and hle is so for the reason that he knows too much. After this manner did Fano Veroker tor ture himself. IHeo know too much also. eTl knew how he had weanod away the love of many a woman from her husband, and this acoursed knowledge bore bitter fruit in the shape of a silckening dread lost men should do unto him as he had done unto them. "Give him time and opportunity," and Pane Vorolrekor had boon wont to say that he would back himself to win any woman's love; and vile as was the boast, in his case it had hardly boon an empty one. From his own oxperience and success in this career, he had founded a belief that there was no such thing as immaculatoe virtue under the sun. This beliof he once thought he would have lived and died in; but somehow it was silonced when he really loved and became a married man. It was not long, though, before the recolleootion of this cursed creed broke out, and the mad dening was for ever before him, " why should your case be the only exception to your old belief'? ' Thore are no mon no koonly susceptible to the fierce thrusts and darts of jealousy as those who have inflioted them more on otlhers. Their skin is so thin that the slightest scratchl draws blood. If reveongo be o sweet, which is very doubt ful, but if it be, how immeasurably sweeoot would it have boon to women whom hlo had betrayed and men whom he had wronged, if they could have had a peop into Fano Verekor's heart, torn and lacerated by doubts and fears. And yet he had no causo for jealousy. Not a single word or acnot of Blancheo Vorokor was there that could in reality havo served as a peg to hang a doubt or suspicion upon. ut joalouu esoulsa will not be answoerod oo, They sre not over joaloone of this causeo, But jealous for (hty are ojoealoun; 'tis a monoaor Begpt upon itself, born on itsolf. Such a solf-bogotton monster was it that fixod its claws deep into Pano's heart, and fed on it night and day. Ho could not havo usid of whom hio was jealous. It was any one, every one. It was any living thing in malo attiro that she over bowed to, smiled upon, or spoke with. He wasO jealous of thast unintoronsting youth, Cornet Molter, when hie toolk off his lhat to hler, and a foarlful ouspioion flsnoheod through his brain botauoo that name vapid piece of humanity ututtorod when it spoko to her one day. Hle was oven jealous of GwynS, though lie 'know his seontimento, and thought ho do. tooeted a covert mnilo playing on hini lips whenttover Blancho's name was mentionod. He was juealous of Tom, but only na hel was jealous of every handsomo man. In short his mind was in a porpotual state of antagonism towards every male of his or her acquaintance. How do yeou like it now, Pano Verokor ? Aro women only "playthings to be clohuckeod to one side when done with, and not to go breaking your heaort about ?" Iu a man a " d---d fool to go and usklro hilsielf miserablo boonautleo his wife hais a wonllknouss for another follow, oh ? " That's what you usod to itay oneo, you know, Buit it in different nows, isn't it ? rThe gameo is altorold. It used to be all fun for you, and death to your oppononts. But now it's your turn to field out anid lot othiers have their innings. Such was the dilfference betwoen Fane Vorolkor, the haindoemu, irroainliblt libortino, and Tano Voroklor marriced anud done for; and aonh is the way in which nmany a heart loes, aneOrupulouL roue aIt last meeoots with hIls doesorte, and is broken upon the whool himself. A woman, if shie love a ruan, dont not rind hIs jsaloutsy, lut rather likeo to noi it, ni, thouigh it .umay hie a little inconvel\ient at times, it it nivorthnele olsta g arantnoe haint lhe flame of his love i still hurling brightly and with undinieishod ardour. hut if shie h indfllerornt to hin. thon it biiomosio nlourt illo, ind injttii of leing tn ineontise toh her love ii It tmost ofifTotual oxtinguniohor of iven tIhe little elarkl thlilt iiay yet lie niltouildorengr hllnictiho Viraenr ot tiuti cu?uilt not helpu foelirng wserihd of iher hInolandnl' jotlouiiy, sltoiiugh stu ncet'r ihot·twsd it. thne Iwnow the nletve' in woird oir deed gave hint the slight tet crrinalotn lir it; and th ii cine itoi riss to uldo it doubly hard for heur to hoaitr ill tliho whimne nd inslo'llstO u his jealoun brain, . Some women under the circumstances might have at last beeoon tempted or goaded into trying a homomopathic cure for the dis ease, such as giving him a small dose of something to be really jealous about. But not so B3lancho VorokeIor. Shelo never dreamed of such an expedient oas embarking in a mild flirtation. Shelo had too much soelf-rospoect, and even if that had not restrained her, a strong sense of her duty towards her hus band would have done so. There had lately booeen a bitter awakening to the mistakeo she now felt she had made in marrying him. Her regrets were not soelfishl ones. She felt for him as much as bhe did for herself. Shie certainly had always knownr that she had no real love for him, but as long as she had thought it was as much as aslo was capable of, sho had felt no repinings for lher own lot, or no reproaches of conscience for having in a way wronged him. 3But lately something within her had told her that she was capable of very different lovoe-a love that could make the tones of the loved one's voice thrill the very soul-a love that could absorb every thousght, every idea into one fooling of adoration-a love that could make his pro soneo like the bright genial sunshino, his absence like the black cheeoorloss night. Yes, she now knew that she was capable of fool ing such love as this, for (and " oh, heaven help moe I" lhad boon her cry when she first made the discovery) she had begun to fool it. The ocales lhad fallen from lher eyes, and she saw that what had been at first merely waim friendship and girlish admiration for Tom .Ballkloy, and what sheo had blindly continued to look upon as suoch, had beeoon all this time in reality ripening into this love. She ihad dashed tho cup from her lips with shuddering horror directly she saw the deadly poison lurking in it; and over since the dis covory her constant thought and effort had boon to root out the disease, and make amends to lher husband for withholding all this love she could not give him. She had never realized before what his love was; but now she could form an idea of it, and a gentle pity took the place of her former indifference, It sent a pang to her generous heart to note how oven horcareless glance at a man sent the blood from his choeks or set hlim biting his lips; and thon to thinlr, "how, if he could know the fearful secret she had discovered ?" When we describod Fane Veroker as the most jealous of mortals, we never meant to hint for a moment that he belonged to the pokler and carving-knife school of jealous husbands. Theoro was never a violent or oven unkind word spoken. But to Blancheo, now that this now-born pity had crept into Iar heaort, the pained look and the bloodless cheeok woro inoxproessibly moro touching. She had grown lately, with all this wear and tear of mind, paler and more delicanto-looking, and this if possible increased Fano's love anti devotion. One day when hlie was on parade, and she sat by herself, her mind oscillating betwoon vain longings for the past to be undone and noble resolyos for the future, sheo thus laid down her lir ino of aonduot : " Yoes, sho would straina every nerve to do lier duty faithfully by lher husband in word, thought, and dead. If she could not love him cho could still honour niid obey him, and those she would strive to do in every little way, no matter how dilloult the toask." Thoen, unconsciously, sho gave way to a fit of repining. " What a fool I was," she nmurmoured bit.. tqrly, " to think thalt I was different from all other women, and I could never love! And oh! how contomptiblo in me to tie mysolf to a man I did not love, to boomeno part of him, to mergo my existence into his. O! it vwavs deespicablo of mel VhIy didn't mamma - why didn't my brother--why didln't Fano himself stop it? lio know -no one hbetter, for no one has tried it more o- wmhat woman's love is; and he must have soon I didn't really caro for him, for I neovor pretended to love him. IHow could lie have had oo little pride as to takeo mo liko that ? Yoo, it was his fault. O! what amI saying? Ioor 'ano! It's I that wronged him. There is nio one to blamno but mysolf. It was my own doing, my own fault, and mine must be the atone mont." Sho utteorod a lhort little prayer for strongth, and then wont on: "I must never allow myself to forgot for a singlo instant thlirt I belong to Fiurno, tlhat I'm lia ualono. I'll not spare myself. I'll undorstand thloroghlly, and acknowllodgo my position noas Iiu wifo, and impresso it uipon myself. Leot mio se exactly wlrhat I promised him, poor follow ! " Sho took from a table close at hand a dimninutive ivory-bound prnyor-book, one of tlioso pretty little krniork-nnoks ladies hold daintily in theior woll-gloved rhands in ohirolh. Turning over the tiny lorves and nsoanning the microeofpio letters initil shlo camr to the marrinageo coromony, aso biogan to roand eaornesrtly. Anid aal o road on rlio fro qurontly lorkeod up with flaholld Olhoolktl to utter anolh oxolamations an--" 0 heow could I: woeor nall fhins !"-i "L never roail it through boforo I "-" I did not know it wno tro solorm and impronrive. f had f:. I'i lnulro I should nevor haive married Fuine."-" God forgive ! I' rr'm afrail whlen I wan Iinool ing onr thors utols if I wan thrinking of any thing it was mrore likely to Ihavo boone whether my train wa ianruging proplorly ioe hind than of the words I was repeating like a? parrot." "Thoro I " sihre said, sno sho shut thIe little book rip with a genrtle and roveront snap, " at all e ovouts I fully rearlizo now the oanao quolnoon of my own not. 'Ihore'n Frano, I hIopo ho wou't notice that my eyes lookl rod." Thin last remark was occasioned by tIhe noundil of a horse's hoofo on tihe drive, theon there wer a jingling of spurs on thIe sairn, arndi in notihor romtont " Oaptain Bulllloy " was nrrnounlood. " Hiw dio you do, llanoheo ? " rrid Tom, advanriing, and laoling in hli tightly-fittirg starhlo.jacklrt a very rirdel for light cavalry. " :I: lnuroro the crIlonol nlurlt hIlrve just rornis in ; in firt, I half oxpsuiar d to satfh hiM rip oi then roand, for I Irol't Ihrrurauhr only i feow miniitrnl aifttr hIe diild-.or the irintry on theli galtte tehl Ino." " No,, hi'r nt ii," roplsd ,.,anh, PV-'iro, with-do what rIr couhl--a Iliht trillnlhu llllouiin e ill her voicl anld r IInItl (i n lir hoohaii, whlhh, together, wnhil hrva tlhttaerd the vwirty of any iapihni in Ihi ior viotr bult .'onut Itrilly, who, however, notilrid nrothiirg of the roit, wi i\int on : "I wsi rathir auxihui to rontuh him, an 'Pva rurdIIlInly rrrecollectedl thore's a rilrh' thint ilLornoolin nid tor i .orrow at Titsoronill' I wish to attloend, and I wanted to got a ourpla of day's leave to run up to town. Do you think ho'll ho long ? " Blancho was sure ho would not, and asked Tom to be seated, a piece of politeness she had only just recovered her proesenco of mind sufficiently to perform. Tom sat down and engaged in small talk, during which he took up the tiny prayer book and began playing with it. " Yes, we all drove to the cross-roads near Lissington and saw them pass. Poor little Kit Trovor looked quite cut up. I would hardly have believed it of him." " I would, though." "Why ?" " Why ; because I think ho was leaving his heart behind him, and I should say that was always a painful proceeding. I believo ho's desperately in love with May." "Well," said Tom, laughingly, "I bo. liove Mastor Kitty has a weakness that way; but the dark eyes of the Spanish girls will soon-hulloa ! By Jovo ! it's a prayer.book ! Didn't know they made them so small. Took it for an ivory letter-weight or something of that sort. It keoop opening persistently at the marriage ceremony, too. Now, if I wore superstitious, Blancho, I should fancy some thing dreadful in that way was going to happen to me." " Should you really think it very dread ful then ? I hope you're not a convert to to your friend Captain Gwyn's views of women." " Well, to toll the truth, I have not given the matter much consideration. Lot's see what it look's like," said Tom, glancing at the pages before him. "It's a much longer business than I thought; Never road it bo fore." " How strange!" thought Blancheo, "that he and I should have road those same words for the first time in both our lives within a few minutes of each other, and out of the same book. What an extraordinary ooinoi donce ! " Tom soon had enough'of the subjoct, and dismissing it with-" 0, this isn't my line !" broke into one more congenial to his tastes, namely, anticipations of the coming winter's sport. lie never obtrudod his sport upon people who did not care for or understand it. Ho was quito capable of entering into and enjoying conversatiou totally innocent of the stable, and did not, likoe Captain Feoathor atonohoohaw, look upon horses and riding as the only Rtljeoct in the world worth talking about. But when he did got with an appro ciative spirit he launched out freely into such topics. IIo know Blancho Vorokor of old, how fond she had boon of listening to hlis boyish accounts of the wondrous foats lih and his ponios uneed to porfbrm ; and so he rattled on in much the enmeo careless way as lie had boon wont to do thon. But Blanche somehow did not enter into the subjoect with the same old zest; on the contrary she Roomed distrait, and was far from ovinoing that lioartinoes of manner which was naturally hers, and 'which ought to have boon extended to so old a friend. The truth was, she did not like oven to listen to him or to moot his glance just now. There was danger in tlio tones of his voice nnd in his honest oyoe, and shoe disliked being alone with him. low shel did wish either that Fano would come in or Tom would go. "Do you know, Blanoho," said Tom, stopping short in his subjort, "I've noticed lately you've boon looking very pale, and boon out of sorts. I shnll report the whole thing to the oolonol." " Please don't," said Blanoho, with a strange fluttoring manner. " Poor Fano! IIo's quito enough unnooessarily conoorned about mo without any more ideas being put into his head. I certainly though don't fool as strong as I uneod to," she added ; and in spite of herself her voice would tromblo and the tears would come into her eyes. " How foolish I urnm. Thank heaven hero's Pano at last I" she thought, as olso hoard him approaching on horseback. As Fano entered hoe looked palo and wor ried. Ho had noticed Tom's horseo being led about, betraying iunmistleoablo symuptomsjof having boon ridden fast friom barraokl, whoro lie know he had loft Tomn BIllkloy. " What the devil can lie want coming over in such a hurry na if just to nick oil' my atbsonoo? " flashed through his esuipicious mind. The wholo thling brought back so vividly some of hin own oxporionsos of utolon moments, smatheod almost from under the very noose of unsuspecting hurbands, tlhat in a moment a whliolo train of joilorus tIlioughte was firod. " Well, Burllhloy, I thought I loft you in barracklt " " So you did, colonel," replied Tom ; " but I got hero somehow Ioforo you-.diotanuod you in foot." Faino's jonlouuy want momentarily allayted by Tom'sl hoarty opon rmanner; but theln he rooollooted how oftoni he had put thie grooin eyed mounter to flight by thie omno meanrs, arld that conrsolation vaniehod. Thus did his guilty knowledge drive buck faith aind trneit it over Ioint and turn overy innouent action into a crime, every trifle into an intrigue l " Voll, and what can I do for youe ?" he nasked. Tom toon told hin errand. "'All right - cortainly," roeplied Pano Voroklor, " but you nooed not lvo given yourself tihe trouble of coming all this way, mny dorr follow ; a lino would lhvo done." "Woll, you noo, Colonel, time wns an objeoot,and I half expeoted to catch you up binforo you had got ihalf-way, for thie contry said you had only just gone, u nd I shoved my geeoo alon the wholo way hero." I wont round by Hawirloy," nrid Fieno Vorokor. " Y'ou'll atop nrd hlvo ioirmo luiolch, won't you ?" "No, thanks ; I'll only just havo time to got ibak to barreelt, chango, and ratch tlhe train. Good-byo Blanlchi 1 Qood-lyo Oolonol l" and iiaway wont, Tom, rnl bright an n, nrnoollboy with throe whlolo holidayn ioforo him.i. airno nUnompaniod him out of the roIom, nud Illlanoh trom tlhe wilrow, naw 'Toin ciniitor round thlo drivc on :Flrailty, wlho niisilid lier liond and ihunded along, nrI if Ieiidri hclrurlf witli pride it havineg orin of tlhe hort gen(rtlhnuonr riderr of Englarlnd on Ihor bhunk. " Are you ill, :li'rlrr ? " rnuho IeI)Iod, rl linher Iiuailanud rri-ontorord; "you look quito palo and lIh ,a(] d." "Nr , .Ir nhlo," lie oaid: " not in tlhe lor?lt ill--I foorl quits well." hlln fare, howrvoer, girvrr i lii to hlin words. ".['iI trI'( non othliniirg h in put your out; what it it?" sire anilicil witlh roal pity, for lihe lookod iunquortionbly ill end wrotcheid. "Nothing ait nall, nothing but-look horo, Bnnohso, requesout you never to rooolvo gun tlemon visitors in my absence, no matter who they are." "Vory well. Of course I shall do as you wish, but you do not mean to say, Fano, thlt you can't trust your wife to be alone for a fo, moments in the ociloty of a gentleman, and a thorough gontloeman, too, like Tom Bullkloy ? " " I'd trust my wife," roplied Pane, as he looked into Blanoho's blue eyes fixed honestly on him, " but "-and here he thought of what ho himself had boon-" I won't trust any man living. Toll me every thing Bullkloy said! " Bancho looked scornfully, and was too proud to make a reply. Her siloenco wont to Fane Voroker's heart like a dagger, and his cheeooks grow paler, if possible, and his lips trombled. Shie pitied htimn and spoke. "Look hero, Fano! It's degrading me to make me answer such a question; but I'll do so-I give you my saored solemn word that there was not a looe, a gesture, a tone, or a word, that camo from OLiptain Bullkloy, the whlolo time heo was hero, that you, my hIusband, mightt not have heard or seeoon." Iloro Blanch broke down, and, woman like, Ihad rocourse to tears. It was galling to her to be suspeooted when sthe know altoe was straining Iher whlole soul to crush oven a thoughlt untrue to him. "No, Fane! Yout wrong me; yot wrong yourself; and you wrong Tom Bullkloy, by such notions !" She looked up, and through her tears, saw him standing before her like a culprit. Ho looked years older in thle last ton minutes. She pitied him, and felt at that moment as if she would have given anythling to be able to return his love. " Forgive me, darling !" Ie said, strain ing her to his breast and kissing hor. " It all arisos out of my lovo for you. If it were less, I would not dread losing yours so much, and if I did not dread so musb, I should never thinlk of such things; but T won't do it again, darling, I promise you." Fano Verokore's "won't do it again," was very much like a naughty boy's " won't do it again, until nexE time." Hio could not help it. It was a disoeaso that men of his stamp are particularly suseooptible to, OIAIPTE5 XXIII. If money cannot purochaso happinose, still it can purchaseo miatorials for malting up an article sumfloiontly rosombling it for all prao tical purposes. Evon Leonard Ilolatono, and ho was any. thing but an optimist, admitted, in his journal, that money was oonducive to hap pinoss. Of course it is. No one over said it was not, oxcept in a sermon or a copy-book. \Wo do not say that it always brings hap piness to its posessor. Thoro are very many pooplo who are very wealthy but very misor able. But if a man is misorablo with richos, it's his nature, and ho'll be much more so without. No, money cannot always purchase happi nss; but thoero are tinos whon it-and nothing olso-moset unquostionably oan, and the times whon it cannot are the oxooptions to the gonoral rule. Do you doubt this ? WeVoll, ask the poor shlivoring outcaut, who has a wifo and family starving at homo-if that swooet, sanored name cam beo applied to a damp collar ; or a filthy garrot-if money could not makoe Iitm happy? W\Vould not it olothe and food htim and hIis ? Would it not transforro that doll of want and misory into somothiing liko a homo? WVould it not givo his childron oducation, and tako thiam from that pathll along which want and noceonity are driviing them to dishonostty, to gaol, Iporhaps to the gallows? Would it not savo hIim from drink, whlichi thlo contomplation of this mnicory is driving hIim to ? Would not monossy do all this ? And would not all this mnrake the poor forlorn wrotch happy ? Poverty, and nothing al1o, is his complaint. Povorty is what is tho matter with him, and money can ouro that. Again, ask tiho poor noody, quilltdriving olork, whlo hasi his lsick wifo's palo face dlay andrIi night beforo him, telling of tho fraillifo giving way undor tho otrugglo with poverty, and fadilsg liko a dolicato lowior bofore tlhe nmokly poisonous broath of thio city. Ieor faoo haunto iim at his doesk, and peoors at Iirs in hisin sloop.-whl n hao Io oa nllloiontly londcn himisnaolf to trottblo to iindlgo in that luxury-withl a silont and pitoouts appeal in every waitod foature for chango of air-that is to oay, if going awsiy fromnt that close court wheoro thloro is no air at all, to ia ploo whloro thoro is, can bo callod a ohansgo of sir. iTowrovorl, it's Itheo plhrano thie ldoctor usod ,vhon iha nid sho must liarsve it or dis. O, if le could only tako hItr to the country, wheonoo hI had broghlt hior a fow sholrt years boforo, a loving happiy girl! iut hIi can't; hle can't albrdtl it. It's an mnashl out of his power to tako hier to tho country as it would bIo to takto thie .ountry to hor; at Itast, hio coll tiakto hor to thio country, but it would only bo to starvo thioro, andt that wtould be out of tho frying-pan into to firts, for' work as i he will lio can onily nmako nollughl to live frosm hlnd to itoithl; ind ihe ons't givo up his omiplsoymosi t for a singlo day. WVould not molloey--just a little snonoy -purolihano lalth and Inspisnots horo? Evoen a ton-pound noto; that woull givo tlhm ia miontli in some qluiot little couitry villngo, anud that wvould Ilot hoer up agailn. ft's toot absurd. 1Iaplpinous going for a toetn pound noto. Ask tho languihinoltg and fondi young lovors, lketo apart by a hilohl in tise oittlo moSnt, whelothlier mooy could not purlchao tlhom happiniss ? Ask the godl anrid norvico-worn esrulaltorn, over whoiso groy haintd oounlousa nitnlorn of boaridlols bIoys lavo iigoo, wliothlir insitOy could lnst haivs rochasnsld haltlpinosinn for tiu ? It oould have purolhannd promottion, nd tl attt'ts the so shs tltig. Tat'tl thile diroos tion in which ailill hi hsopes pointi. Alk tho pioor olirato, tryitig to kIoop hitis Iad arlsovo wate r with a f iow milltoniii tanginils abottt Ilt iloolr anrid Ioltk, in tho ilispt of Igirlt ind Isoys s with swotido'itItl olapaitiot for foo anld rtailuott, i it, l with ai hsiriblt ktnailc, liki msict othisr susisirtttun, it' not ttoutintsj tunigly, whithir iiresy would sot intkso hit Ithappy ? Of tourust lis piuoitho ovtry lstunday, iand stiyss it itstiot ;i s lit if yosu wiro to 0iotS hiin jlt (jil stiing oLut of clisrsislh, nud sh thio ioinrii ois' ttli gluts titiigit thSt filt Ii nth t l couissins, tYwills is.1 svtd, had jiust dtil tndu Iift him i nits little fortunis, would not a gloaita oif ihapli tIisIs light 'up his viry oxlsttncs,, notwitSthu. ntatulinh all h Ihad jdu, bon sayinl: allnt thie folly andt osmptlinosi o'f ourthly rithious I WVoult not thIe fsamily with the lairgo appo., tito, and thn highlty deovolopod fi'aulty of wearing out olothes, cease to be so many millstones dragging him down, but be more like bladders buoying him up into a seventh heaven ? Did not money translate little Kit Trover from the depths of debt and doespair, as de picted in a previous charpter, to a lifo of joyousness, free from thought and care? Ask him if money did not on that ocoasionl make him very happy and lighthearted. Ask Tom Bullkldy, as he made his propa rations for Leicestershire, and had never to stop at anything on the score of expense, whether money, or, what's the same thing, money's worth, in the shape of the rare stul of hunters he had got together, was not making him happy. Ho was passionately fond of the sport, and it was a passion inherited from his anoose tore, and which had dosoondod without a break through eaoch successivo generation of the Bullkloys, from the time when they used to scour tihe Weolsh forests to mako uip their share of the yearly tribute of wolves' heads imposed on tlheoir country by Ellward I. Nothing stood betwoon hiim and his favor ito pastime. ]HeIoalth, money, time, overy thing was his to devote to it, without lot or hindraneoo. No exorcise was too much for the frame accustomed from early boyhood to every manly sport; no figiro was too high for a hlorso lie finciod; atid "leavo" lihe could get to any amount in the hunting sea son, in accordance with a timneo-honored oen tom in the British army. The Duke of Wellington always encouraged hunting in oflicors; and no British loader has had the temerity, even if he had the inolination, to depart from a oustom inaugurated by such an authority. . Of course every one in the regiment could not be equally fortunate iun. this respect, but they nono.of them grudged.Tom his extra amount, of leave. They felt proud of him and they felt he was a credit to the regi moent, when the capital of the hunting world rang with his exploits. Absorbing as Tom's pasnsion was for the sport, he was never selfish in it, and what was still more extraordinary, considering that for sevoral months out of every year lie was throcvn among a lot of men in whose opinion distinction in the hunting field was the only distincotion on earth to be envied, he was not a jealous rider. Nothing gave him greater ploasure tha~n to give a mount to an ardent but ne'ody do voteo of thie chase, and 'hot evern thoe meet exciting of runs ever drove hi'm beyond the bounds of fair emulation.'. . It was not in the mah to be doi?hor selfish or jealous; and even the mostseslfeh and jealous of natures ceased to be so when lie was concernoed. Envy or malico' towards Tom Bullkloy no one ever felt, notwithletand that his very excellence was in itself quite enough to provoke botlih, according to the way of the world. For the last four or five seasons Tom had hunted from Marklrot Hnarboro', or HIolton, and each year had seemed to him more on. joyablo than the proceeding; but never had any season promised so well, in every way, as the coming one. Everything was all rosoocolorod. Loetteors from numorous friends down in Loioostor shiro informing him of the more than usually glorious prospects of sport, worked him up to the highest pitch of nuticipation. Theln, again, iho had never bofore ohad snuch a cori mand of iorsoloshli, both as regarrds quau tity and quality, au would be at his disposal this year; and lastly, theoro was the chlrnr of bo on companiorlnship to add to the other ploasures, and to fill up his onp of halppinons to the very brirs. HIo and a party hald taken a house ast Molton. Suoh a party! T'he very pick almost of the manr who would be down theoro. First and forenmiost (i Tom'su'?oyoes, at aill events) wars hiit friend Gwyn, and thun there was HZoldorono in hiis own regimont, who, amongst the weltor- weightr, was a marvel. Thou thoro was young fiord Mountuosaing (Blancho Vorokoc's brother) of the old stronams, with nnothor young (oardsant, whlo had yot to wiin lii spurs in the shiresn, lut of whom roport tlpakeo farvorably; arnd lIastly, thero rwas little Oaptoair Jack Pinker ton, nlato orf tho --th Liarlmore, lwho possoosed i very urisaitsuinirg stud himnolf, luit who frequently beottowced on woalthly anrd oeatontra tious ownror of ltrf o rstabloes, it their own conrot colicitatioln, the untrpolakarblo honor of riding their cattle, for naIh waVa the little onptnin's reputationr for ilu hoarrselnu ip, tlrhat it was ian honor nod quito n.. act of eondilioaidon for himi to throw hIris dimisnu tivo but sturdly little leg roroares an animal, Never had Tons lookod bforwnrd wvith so nuoh uralloyod ploeasuro to anytlinig btofore. Neovor had lifor appoaredl brighter oven to himii, whoso wholo lifoi had bcln an brigliht nsl joyous as a iohoollboy'rl holiday, than rhoi he contolaplntoed the corning wittor, rognanrt with uvery orjoymontt thart chinimed in us?t harrrtrrioiiU ly ril li hi trulltoi iarind hil irIbutI ; iil if tll thI fouroin n f pit oauroir, hrit uand flrnliost rwas tho farct thint lie hriid uirrs11drd r drl r ohl Pe a " to bh oirs of tho Ilirty. 'Thij hird errtriily hoon i rii iiltor of rrrinr litthl lilionitly, buit (vwyri hItld boonr urilarblr io roi~at li. trierrlcid's parsir vdivo lowrer', nsrd hail rth~tll i'm.ii~ dlli ti lilrlrtlll' wIl'I~LlqI I lO~V I, 1l; n vory ti Intl hii't5dI. lis lpao Ivai not ar very aosion, rinnd he cirihit stt tdrhird to keles nuoh a rturtl arl 'lorni bIut hli Iunitutlr, i! hie ldidl iv nrytl ing' l ,lslo (withl thu ioxopculi n of hii ltirlndol l igaill t wVolUnlllkinild) with jildglnlitt artl roierl'liirittin, nil itlirri dltyir a Wo kl worni <ilit l oiitnitui'hi for hits' ih wh r cvIer for l oi , lni inl thi rthtr', r tin ihy s ut oi mliii sooan filsd to ilatifify their voralc~iolls aptillltesir. Notliiriig woln fslrgottoni iii teli l Irollllrntioiti vllih cxpllrihlnoc orilihl llll;girit or itronry iobI tirhi. 'Thli toiilltltosinis with wciioch overy thiiig wivr rlll'riltiin tld, ciihiil only be coiliti'oilm r to thlio rrootlilinito in il td isill itioiritn of a Ilhilfril rind priailll t courrssrrslderl iefoi ' It OIlllhlltlnpi n. 'lhamit ilrtat dtlililrtiioietl, thie ooinoifl nit'irt, hird rseceiveld diino nlt hiliolt h A i/f wvill Ih tli pihll'ry, icry neiuirly, of ai mnjnr rnirririst, haur ril l tesl n hie dlilstt rturs for thIe jirnt ititllllislilltnllt, tini thilii,' with irisili]. otii inlliltlit!itir ill thm t trlnlhr i h al d u r onl atoioked tol lib extenCt that htado dolelili¢O to rioi iliti t ilt ii irtt r Itoiw olillirllr ilssci to sxrhluioat it. O ul i s stii ri li ,' ti. li h Ir ihi tthlei o vs r algaini a a Iloi rn ,Illc vii to I ti l ?,lbllllllterl'l alnll their' rlliitl i; rlui thu wittit of witivin i, roll' which to kill i rUUx a rlo'n liaco ill this iIVOll ing ith's' lii hat tiltisity i'tu iv id his silisttsrr lit thu stiry, lis rolt. lotii, iwho iat iothir I'ltilwni leholiw port Inlld atick tio rrih t hirtu' i trl', tillll e I r thili' tl iotio fiter is daliy'nii hintIni g, A Inhlillongeld itian who gosnorilly foulro gout, end.boefore whom 'the ghost 'of a de-; parted sire or grandrire holds, up a.warnig" toe, at such a time, treats the warning with contempt, and avenges his grandsire by pun isbing tho port severely. T'here is a time and season for everything, and the time and season for port.wine is after a good dinner, after a good day with hounds., There is no doubt about it. Tom knew this, o a.quantity of wondrous old port had been trsansferrddfroinm the csllars '; at Lissington to the establishment at Melton undnr' the personal supervision of old Walter'e, rival, the butler, a duty lof so trying and ticklish a nature that at one elage of the journey he is reported to have become insen- , siblo and to have remained so for some hours under the fearfui weight of responsibility. Just the day before the party weor to start, little Jack Pinkerton ran down to Haw-. loy, enticed thiiher by the rumor of a " big night " at mess that evening, end the proepect of journeying on the noet day with Gwyn, Iloldernes, anrd Tom. According to custom, he put up with the last mentioned, and as he happened to arrive at the barracks at that gloomy time when every one was on parade, he employed him self, in a characteristio manner, in examining his host's cuting whips and hunting crops, , anid seorutinising fastidiously the different-: shades of his tops, until their owner clattered :n into the room from paraden and sauinted hia :e visitor after a very noisy and boisterous a fashion. ' ' i : SIi Hooray I ": said Tom, unbuoklingl;hie: h sword, after the noisy greetingse were.: overi:q and throwing it oarelessly into the cddrner : witlia crashl " There's the last of that:littli':! grinid foir 'a few nonths I ! By Jove I wo'vd;: gots' tremoendous amount of talent:together:, in our Iot-a most beautifully bahlnooed crow.:: There's G?yn will represent the intoelleotualei Mountnessing and his pal, the sporting ;' anda:, younn, Jaok, the 'rowdy and generally;disretiu-:: taln eloement; while AuntSally will acnot as a.' sort of ballnet tokeep the sabip steady." ' , "And what the dovil will youdo? asked. little Pinkerton, who was' as ocustomed to be' oalled rowdy a hie wasito be called Jack ",' I, should think Holdernees has got" his work out., out if he's got to keep you pretty steady.' .: :'"Do?: Anything you like," replied Tom.r,' "from pitch and toss to manslaughter. I foeBl I' shan't 'quiet down until I've had a : iqttling good thirty-ivo minutes." ,:' :lore Tom proeoedod to get out of barneess : varylng the usueal dullnes of the operation. by shying each article, as lhe divested him-: self of it, at Jack Pinkerton, who dodged theo missiles with wonderful dexterity and good-humour. First of all came a pair of gauntlets ;thon a forego-cap; then a pouch and bolt which disappeared through the window behind the mercurial and diminutive little man; then a stable.jacket which skimmed through the air, and finally lodged on tihe prongs of a pair of antlers; then, as tihe game booeamo fascointing, a few articles of upholstory, some of them following thI load the pouch had given tlhem through the window-panoe, others finding billets among the chimney ornaments and pictures, but none coming in contanot with Captain Pinkorton' aemall! person. "Well, you are a duffor! HIvent hit me once." "You're so infornally little I" said Tom. " Voll, hit one of your own sizel Here.: . you arol IHero is Aunt Sally! thlroo shots;. a peonny, gort! i liavo a lshy it him I " Theo suggntion wan too muioch in anooord antco with tho diotanos of his own humour to ' eo lost on Tom, no, as tho corpulonr young r•oblemau ontorn tlhe room, a uofa oucshion rimmruod noroes tho room into hi faoo, do priving it of its invariablo and ohiof orna mont r. pipo. " \Weoll, I am ani unlulcky hoggarwith my pipos" i' d i Ioltdlornosoe, without botraying nty ourprioo whatever. " [fow are you, Jlack ? I'm an nos over to go into your sooleoty, Toni, with a valuableo pipe. Oonfound you I" " Just look what lhe calls a valuablo ptipe !"' nid Tomu, laughingly holding up with the the tongu the fracturod bowl of a dirty little tulatk clay pipe tlhat would havo aeonmed out of lIlano anywhere but in an Irishman's cIauibeeii. iiko a lhip carrying npare rparo to replaoo tlhoe shot iaway ii notion or lost by strons of weather, IHlhlormuets alwayn hldil a supply of piplO ntowtOd away about hisi person, roady for any omnorgeonoy or noaidonrt, and it was not long boforo hie wnas fittod with a fresh one, and was btlowirg raway iiloutly and con toetidly in an armr-htair. " I say, we ought to have cont lim down, Tomr, a fow days beforo to air the place. Heo'd. ho liuttor tlhan any amount of fires," said Pinkerton. " How didi you provail on GCwyn to join tue, Tomn," naked I:loilornost, with his good himolred irnilo at the last remark. ,"I kriow I nover could manango it.'! "I'vo nriot uoonr hir in 9:iootorbiro," enid Pinoerteon, "uineo hisi young brother A?hllll ollno to grief, and hit poor old Pou so dotioid hard.'' " I don't know how I managed it, I've , oftoln triod, but never could get him until tlhi tileno. Iullon, ohtl follow I we wore just talkii:g of you." "' I loroo,JoU, you caireloes beogarP!') said . Gwin, rietorineg and nodding to .TJack Pinkor ,: to, "' horo' a r loetter for you marked tin mnidiaht mn jirls?sii/g, boon kicking about the anto-roorn all the mnorning.'" " I know,"' said Torn. "'' I saw it when I:, wont to breaolkfast. It's only a business one." " Only a Iusines onle," aid G0yn. " Yenr, from mry lawyer. loe always stinks ': iilnlodiat_ t ' on my lottorue in the hopos of , gotting uie to atanwor them quiokly." ' "lBut this has got ' and prouessing, said (Iwyti. "Ah, I uippoeoo ho oooi I'vo got n o. i ountonodrl to lthe ' imnmdiiato,' and is pitoh in? it a bit itronger, that's ill.''" " O)pein it, Tlon! " ,aid (iwynl in his quiet: h · tonou, nain handiilig th( lttor. : "All right. Anythinig for a quriot lifo I ''"'! eid T'ture, tourini g lpeln the on|vohlopo, iI'1"th' roaulig tii uionti, nto ; afler which li handed the lettor book to ( (.wy0 with " lnim road it, [.'n. [lo you think I oi)Ight t. goe I '' "'Of ceur you ought Il " wan the rtelly, ' Why, he iiaya h winhin to iia you at o ..i in a mutter of vidil uiuportiuia,, 0ie puts it to ntrtLOlg. ns \ovet(I n d unH |ldor-lining ontt,,. ,iuliii it, Of iouriso you inntet run up to, L town ait oln0 I ) : ", What , ,nuia,,,,o , " Old Tom. , W,? I catn it bo? It'i cortanla to turn oUt auoe-, .. thiug that ilt coulll have dlone qinit alJ wull'i"' without mo. Howeveor, I'll takelo your advice, Pen, and the sooner I go tile sooner I'll get back." In an hour Tom was in a smoking carriage of the up expross,laughing and talking with a couple of brother oflicors he had prevailed upon to acoompany him, He was such a favorite amongst them all that he hardly over stated his intention of going anywheoro without thore being a pretty general cry of "and I'll go, too! "' (lb i.e contlinued 