MADCAP VIOLET.* BY WILLIAM BLACK1.' Author op A PniNczsa ov Thole, Tu'rbb Feathers, fee., fe-r. Chapter XXII.— A Cfttsia. But Mr. Gfiorgo Miller had Uo intention 'of nursing his wrath in silence If hia suspicions ?wero correct— and his suspicions had almost ( become convictions, ho would havo tho matter' ?out at onco. 'He waa not to be kept dangling after a woman who was secretly in lovo with somebody else ; if tbat wero so, belter for every ono concerned that tho truth ahouia bo known' Ho had not to wait long to bring matters to a ' crisis. Next day waa Sunday— a beantiful, still,, brilliant day, with tho sunlight lying warm on tho greys and purples of rock and heather, on the bare scaurs of the granito mountains, on the light' blue strotcbes of water around tho islands— aud of course church and chapel woro alike un known in this remote, ana solitary place. In tho perfect silcnco they couia vaguely hear, through tho open hatchway of tho fore-castlo, tho voico of ono of tho men reading from a Gaelic Biblo to bio companions. Mr. Drummond, lying at full length on the deck, partly sheltered from tho sun by tho shadow of tho gig, waa deeply immersed, in a' book and paid no attention to anything that was going on. Ho would hot even stir when the, others proposed to go on shoro; and so Young Millor hauled up tho dingoy to the sido of tho yacht, put tho ladiea into it, and himself rowed It was a beautiful placo to idlo through, on this bright, warnrday. A road, skirting tho sea, took them through a wilderness of rock and ferns, of heatbor and yonngbirch-treea, of honeysuckle bushes and rowan-trcea scarlot with berries ; it lea them past mountain-utreams thai camo.1 tumbling down narrow gTena into clear brown pools; it took them through 'woods of young dak, and ash; it lod them away op tho side of a mountain, and thero, turning round ana looking , back, tboy behold a marvellous 'net-work of islands— resembling a raisea map— lying in iho ? still blue water, each island having a fringo of! yellow seaweca round its shores. Apparently tho only inhabitants of tho placo were tho wild duck swimming off the nearest point, Iho inviaiblo cur- '.. low that kept whistling and calling each other, and a eolitary heron standing among the eea weed, liko tho grey ghost Of a birtl among iho' ricbr'brown. ?J-uDllshca r-y specialanaagcmerit will* tbo author. All rights roscrved. Qeorgo Millor did not notico many of thesa things ; he was too impatiently waiting for a chance of speaking privately with Violet ; aud at first it Eeemed aa though ho never would get that chance, for tho girl kept well up with Mrs. Warrcncr and hor daughter, who wero in front, and of courso ho could not ask her to linger bo« hind. At last, however, tho oppcitnnity oc« currcd. They had to cro33 a deep glen by meana ?of a wooden bridgo that was perhaps eighty or ninety feet abovo tho water below ; and bora Violet paused for a second or two to cast somo pebbles down into tho clear pool betweco tho, rocks and bushes. 'Violet,' said ho, rather peremptorily, 'I want you to speak frankly with me for a minuto or two. Let thorn go on. I think it is timo wq had somo sort of explanation.' Sho was vexed and annoyed that sho should becomo the victim of thoso recurrent interviews whenever sho forgot to avoid being alono with him ; but sho said nothing. Sho awaited what ho had to say with an air of respectful attention.1 ' Yon know what I mean,'' said he, speaking rapidly, 'I havo as much patience as most tnen ; and I don't wish to bother you ; tut after all it is timo we carao to somo sort of explanation. Or lot the wholo thi'ng'corno to an end.' Ho -uttered tho last, words wilL somb ven*a« menco. ' Or let what come to an end 5' *' Tho sort of expectation, or understanding, that som6 day you will become my wife.1' *' I am quito willing that that should como to an end.' » no had almost expected her to say that ; and h6 was moro angry than disappointed. And jet he endeavored to suppress any sign of roortiDca* tion— partly from prido, partly from tho con. sciousneas that an exhibition of temper cotild avail him biit little. ' It is no uso, then, my waiting any longer,' You liavo definitely resolved that our relations 'should ceaso ?' ' if I— I havo wished that they should cease,', sho said, in a low voice, ' aud I- thought joa knew that ? ' ' And your reasons ?' ' I am suro I am very grioved [to 'tfcihic that ' you may bb hurt or offended, or diBappoirittfi,' sho continued, not noticing hia question. ''And, when you said you would rather wait, I'thotfght that was a great pit y— but now, since yon think it better all this should end ? ' ' I think it better ?' said ho, with bifter vohemenco. ' It is you who think it better ; ana if you wil! not tell mo your reason, I will teft it to you. You think you havo been blinding me 2 No. I havo been looking on at tho farce.' Sho turned her largo dark eyes upon Turn with a gaze of ('wonder and inquiry ; :bn't ho did not fail to observe that hor faco palled Botno* what. ' What do you mean ?' sho said slowly. ' Do you tbink you havo blinded mo ? Haven't I scon thopitiablo fashion in which yon havo 'bc« como tho very slavo of that man — echoing bis opinions as if he had all tho wisdom in tho world —toadying and fawning upon him ? ?'[ Sho drow herself up to her full hoig'ht. ' You do not beliovo what you say,' she said, with a proud smilo. ' I do know,' he said ; and dow ho bad lost control over himself, and his woundcil vanity mado him talk wildly. ' I tell yon that all the world can seo it— all tho world except hims'elf, perhaps,'for ho is only a baby. And you know what I say ia true. Look at mo in tho 'face— I daro.you to look at mo in tho face— aH-1 deny'ibafc you lovo tho man.' That was a challengo : and all (he wild, rebel.' lions blood in tho girl leapt to bar hoart. To cringe before tho accuser— to deny the one highest and holiest fooling that hor naturo had ever known— that could not bo Violet North's first im«' pulse at such a moment. Thoro wag a str'ango proud light on her pale faco as sho saiil — ' And if I do nofc dony it ? I lavo Ja'any things to bo ashamed of : not that. No, if 1 wero to dio just now, I should think my life bad been a happy ono, only to have known such a man as a friend.' Ho was simply thunderstruck. Ho had seen much, and imagined moro ; but for this ho waa not prepared. Then tho audacious courago of tbo /girl astounded him ; what could this glad, proud light on hor faco mean but that hor whole being waa wrapped up in an earnest, unreasonable de« votion. Ho know then that his caso was hopoless ; and ho had sufiioicnt vanity to prompt him to put a good faco on it. 'I suppose,' said ho, with a forced innilo-' ' that now you havo been so frank, thero )3 no imoro to bo said. I wish you had been a littlo franker somo time ago — But that docs not matter now. Lot us part good frienda, Violet.' Ho held out his hand. ' Aro you going away ?'' sho said, in a low voice. ' Yos,' he answered, choorfully. 'I couldn't think of disturbing your domestic peace Good, byo ; if you don't go on at onco Mrs. Warroncr will be coming back to look for you.' Sho stood irresolute ; but she allowed him to shako hand? with her. Then ho turned and walked away. ' Mr. Miller !' Ho stopped and looked back. Slio advanced to him, with her eyes bent downwards, and a ?sort of trnmblo ahaut her Jins. ' I wish,' sho said, in bo low a voico Ibat ho ?eould scarcely hear hor, 'to ask forgiveness for whatever pain I may bavo caused yon. Believo me*— I am very sorry— I thought at ono timo it might havo ended differently — --—' ' All right,' said he. ' Don't troublo «boufc that, Good-byo, Violot.' Ho turned onco more, and went oil 'down tbo hill, leaving tho girl to rojoin her friends, with tho consciousness at her ?heart that a great event had happcneQ in her life, 'with ?what probablo consequences ahC'tould not at all foresee. Sho knew that it waa Better for both that this definite explanation should havo been mado, and anend put to a hopelesa condition of affairs ; nml yet *nomoi*y went back over tho pasttwoor tbrco years ivith- something of regret, and in hor secTot hoart sho was doping that her now discarded lover would not 'think too harshly of hor in tho years to como. 'Where b Mr. Miller, Violet T a&tf; Vm, Warrenor, yuju Y'luiot bail. «j i.iuoJ thj two wL . hail gone on. ' Ho lias gono back to the yacht.' Her frieii'l regarded her with curious oyea. ' You bave been qmrrsllin^ again/' alio said 'No, not at all.' ' Well, you will got to the end of these dis agreements when you marry, I suppose,' said Mrs. Warreaer, with a smile. ' That is always the way. Young psople aro always quarrelling, because they are jealous, and exacting, and un reasonable ; they got to know each other bettor when they aro married.' The girl's cheeks burned, rod. ' Thoro is no use spoakiog of that, Mrs, War rener. Mr. Miller and I will never bo married.' Tho little fur-Laired woman 'laughed : sho was Hot to be docoived she had observed too much of the ways of young people in love. 'Of courao not,' aho said, in her quiot, shrewd way. . 'fit is always parting for evor and ever— over the wearing of somo trinket, or tho .giving an extra dance to a rival. A solemn faro woll for lifo ; and tho next day they meet and make it up quite easily. What is it all about, ' .Violet?' ''If you ploasa, dear Mrs. Warrener, I would *ather not speak of it,', the girl said, gently ; and there wa3 au end of 'tho mattor. Bat as Goorgo Miller wont down tho hill and along the ahoro towards tho bay where the yacht lay, his private thoughts -wore scarcely so com posed and cheorful as his manner of bidding good-byo to Violet had ostensibly beoD. It was not pleasant for a businoss- liko yoUBg man to kaow that he had been spending two or three years of his life in chasing a rainbow. Then there would bp the confession to his friends that lie had failed ; and tho spectacle of this girl . whom ho had hoped to make his wife publicly declaring that 3he preferred James Drummond — a man of six or soventy-and-thirty, who would cage her up in a small cottage on a narrow in come and oxpect her to beoome a sort of upper housemaid. Not much chance for her now of driving in the Park,' which oven as a girl she had enjoyed. What fascination, what enchantment had so perverted her mind? The more he thought of it, tho more bittbr ho becamo,, until ho had al most persuaded himself that his rival had been for years trying to cajole tho girl's affections, that ho might marry tho daughter of a rich man. If Mr. Miller had been in his right mind, he would have burst out laughing at this suggestion; but he was not in his right mind : and his jealous fancy brooded over the idea until ho was ready to bolievo thut the small yacht out there, lying peacefully in tie bay, contained one of the most treacherous, specious, and malicious villains that Lad ever cur3ed the world. Ho got into the dingey 'and rowed out to the Sea-Pyot. Mr. Drummond got up, took the painter from him, and 'helped him to get on board. ' Where are the. others ?', he said. 'done on further than I caret! to go.' Ho sat down again and took to his book : the younger man wont below. la a few minutes Mr. Miller came up to tho top of the companion stairs. ' Can you let me havo the knife I lent you last . night?' he asked. ' It is in my cabin somowhero ; if you want it I'll go down and got it.' '. 'I would rathor havo it,' was the answer. So Mr. Drummond followed him dowu-staira. What was LU surprise to see that Miller had put On tho table of the saloonak.napsackwb.ich ho had brought with him, and thatit was partially' packed. ,' ' . i ' What are you about?' he said, with a stare. 'I mean to leave you now,' the young man said, calmly. ' I owo you fourteen cartridges ; there thay aro. They are No. 4, but I sup pose lhat won't mattor. Can you give me the penknife V James Drummond only stared the more. ' What do you mean ?' ' What I toll you. ' I am leaving the yacht.' 'What is the matter?' 'Nothing.' ..... ' 'Where aro you going?' .'?-';.' ' 'I shall walk over to Loch Aline, and get ' Bome boat there.' ? ' '. ?'. ' ? 'Miller, what's the matter with you? You Cannot walk over to Loch Aline to-ttay ; you don't know tho road, and I doubt 'whether there is an inn thoro.' 'Nevertheless, lam going,'- the younger man said, with a sullen 'determination. ' Most men, in such circumstances, would have told him he might- 'go a good 'deal further than Loch Aliae, for aught- 'they' ' cared, but ' Mr. Drummond had a kindly feeling for the young man. ; ? . -: ? -/ .'. ? :. '?- ; ?? 'Iaitaquarrolwith Violet-?'.'- ' ' I thought you would hit it,' said the other, ?with an evident sneer.''' I see you have expected it. Woll, are you satisfied ?' ; There was altogether something in Miller's face that James Drummond could not under stand. He began to wonder if Miller had dig covorod a whisky still on shore, and drunk him self mad. But he had not to wait for auy further explanation, because the rising passion of tho young man broke through his forced com posure, and he began pouring forth a torrent of angry accusations. Drummond had inveigled away the girl from her people ; ho had flattered her school-g'ul vanity by making' a companion of '? her, knowing that she was practically engaged to one who had her' father's sanction, he had trea cherously induced her 'to break her word ; and so forth, and so forth.' 'Drummond listened to all this with astonishment, but also with, absolute aelf-eontrol. - ?- ' ?? ' '? '???-? .'.'::. ? 'I have a great mind','- said, he, 'to tako you tip on deck- ana drop .you overboard— that might care you of your, madness. .' Whoever has put all this stuff into your head ?''i .' ,? ? 'Don't try to deceive me any further !' Miller ~~ Said, with his. lips 'white with angry' excitement, *' You Lava done it well enough already. You knew I wished to marry the girl-you knew her father wished it— and yet ? yoii wished to draw her away from me-1— '- — '? — ' ?'???- .; (fThen why aro you here ?' said Drummond. *' If that was my design, why did I ask you to \- ' to join us b'o'to ? It seems to me that looks moro like bringing you two.together.' ' You can'c blind mo !' the young ruan cried, ; h a scornful laugh. ' You know .tho. mischief -is done. You knew the girl was ready to cut .T her Land for you, if you asked it. You .new lhat sho gloried in her infatuation— ? ' 'Look hero, MUlor,' said James Drummond, vith a dangerous contraction of tho brows. ' I believe you aro 03 mad a3 a March Laro. You may talk nonsonso about mo to your heart's contont, but leave Violot out of it. QracioiiB Heavens, I wonder to hoar you, man ! You protond to lovo the girl, and you go mad liko this with childish sarmisos. .Why not go frankly to hor, and learn for yeursolf that this is mere dreaming and folly— — ' ? 'Yes, and then?' exclaimed the younger man, 'Whatthon? I find she* draws hersolf up— boasts of her lovo for you— has not ovon tho shamefacednoss to ? deny it — and then you pre tend you know nothing about it ! Bah I' ? , , Ho turned to tho knapsack and .continued his packing. For a .second or two Jamos Drummond stood absolutely ailont. . ? .... \ ?.'-,? ? 'Miller, do you knovr what you said just now?' Therq wan no answer. ? -??-.' 'ffasthaUIie?' ' ' ' \ ?' ' 'You know it was no lio. You have stolen the girl from me. What is tho uso of having moro words about it ?' Ho went on deck. The beautiful, fair, still world around him seemed part of a dream. Ho could have prayed for a bolt of God's lightning to break the awful ailonco and assure him .that ho lived. Ho was in a trance, from which ho could not escape. He wa3 a dreamor that wrestles with his dream and strives to awake. It was no joy to this man to hear that a young girl had offered him the treasure of hor first love. An in finito sadness filled his heart and blinded his eyes. The wild pulsations within his breast seemed so many stab3 of remorse. His imagi nation was stunned by a gloomy sense of tho irre vocable . . . Ho did not stir whon George Miller* came up on deck. He regarded him as if he, too, were part of this wild, strange dream, as the young man hauled up the dingey, dropped his knapsack into it, and got in himself. 'Miller!' 'Well?' 'There is some frightful mistake about all this. Wait till they come back.' 'No, thank you ; good-bye. I have put an address on my gun-case ; if you can put it on board a goods steamer, I shall bo obliged to you.' Tbero was a splash of the dipping oars, and the small boat drow away towards the shore. 