MUSIC BY TELEGBAPH. One of the most important of the new in dentions at the Philadelphia Exhibition is that of a Mr Gray, of Chicago, for transmit ting musical sounds over a telegraph wire, either singly or in combination, and its use in the transmission of despatches. The working may bfe- briefly described. At the transmit ting station a steel reed, tuned to a certain pitch and fastened at one end, is made to vibrate or sound like a tuning-fork. The number of vibrations per second will, of course, be definite and unchangeable-say 128 per second-and the reed is made to vi brate continuously by the aid of local electro magnets. These vibrations open and close the circuit upon the wire between the two stations, 128 breaks per second. At the re ceiving station is a simple electro-magnet, to one pole of which ig screwed one end of 411* other steel reed, tuned 1o the same pitch as the one at the transmitting station. This reed, if it vibrate at all, must vibrate at the rate of 1*28 times per second- Its free end is placed over the other pole of the magnet, not touching it; the number of times the magnet attracts this end in a second corresponds with the number of times it will vibrate, and it at once responds and reproduces the note of the. transmitting instrument. If a greater j or less number of vibrations than 128 g,re i trp,nspiitte4, this reed -lyill not respond, but but will remain silent. Thus a second trans mitting instrument, with a reed having a different pitch, and using other cups of bat tery, can be, introduced; and the first de scribed receiving instrument will remain silent while a second instrument, attuned In qnisop with the second transmitted, will take wp the Yi'bratiqqs; 50 as \T\ struineot? can bp introduced as there are dif ferent tones, and none will conflict. So long as the transmitting reed vibrates, the receiv ing reed sounds a steady lone. A simple Morse key, or circuit-breaker, is used to break up tbis eontiQuqus soiind into dots or flashes, or, to a musician's ear, quarter and whole notes. Thus all the Morse signals are sent, not only on one of these instruments but upon all and simultaneously. Practically, as many messages can be seat f iintyitapf Pljsly over one wire as there are in fitruraents and operator?. In tjdditipq tp thi§ the wire can be used' at the same time as a simple Morse lipe, with Morse instruments, which would enable a telegraph company to use an/ line derated to way of business for the transaction of through messages, without any interference. This is done by inserting a resistance coil beside each Morse, instru fjaei}pf jy]l}ich prevents the circuit from being entirely bjrokta. ^he $lectsjc fjFgaa sipaply key-board opiating upoii steei reeds arran ged as a scale, the vibrations being trans mitted to a single magnet, the keeper or armature of which is firmly screwed to both sides. This responds to every tone, the ex planation being that magnetism elongates the core of the magnet, causing a vibration which strikes the armature, and causes the sound. -Sydney Mail. A. TEXAN Editoh.-Editors have a first rate time in Texas. The ladies of a town out there have given to the editor of the paper an em broidered shirt which coufcai^s a pictorial his tory of Texas, including rho war with Mexico, and the meeting of ihe first Legislature, and also pictures of the State, all worked in red worsted. The editor never wore a shirt in his life, and he thought this was a fl3g for tlie temperance procession which was to come off tiic in-M- week. So he made a little speech oi in wfiicfj he said he would fling it out for wer to the breezes of heaven, tnat might kiss its folds and that until his hands palsied it should nev^r be trailed in the dust -never. The ladies didn't understand him, and when he talked about its trailing, they blushed, ana said they were sorry they made it too long. But a committeeman took the editor aside and explained the eiiirt to him in a whisper; and the next day he appeared in the office with that shirt mounted over his coat, and wrote four columes of explanation for his paper. The shirt is much ad-mired by the boys of the town ; and whenever the edi tor goes out for a walk they follow him in re giments, studing the history of Texas and the fine arts on the back of.it. According to the Minato Shimbun, a tragical occurrence lately took place at Nosegori, Osaka, where there is a mountain called Mio kezan, from which excellent wood and char coal are obtained. On this account many poor people go and work on the mountain. One day a sawyer went as usual to pursue his occupation there, but forgot to take his dinner with him. His wife, who felt sorry to see her husband's food left behind, made op her mind to carry it to him herself. She accordingly set out for this purpose, but ac cidently lost her way in tire woods, so that some time elapsed before she recovered the path. While wandering in the woods a large I snake came np to her, coiled itself round her, I and swallowed part of her body, the horrified woman meanwhile shrieking wildly for help. Just at this time the husband, who felt hun gry, and thought that his wife might bring his forgotten dinner, 6at down to rest, a while, and while doing so heard piteous cries some : distance off. Being anxious to discover what | was the matter, he ran towards the spot from whence the sounds proceeded, and saw the voracious reptile in the act of swallowing bis wife. As soon as the snake perceived the man coming it glided away into the woods, carrying the unfortunate woman with it, and was never seen again. The poor man was therefore compelled to return home alone, sorrowing over the loss of his kind and atten tive wife- Nagasaki Express. The London correspondent of the Glasgow Herald describe? an amusing incident which occurred at Biackheath on the occasion of Mr Gladstone's great speech on the Bulgarian atrocities. The story is told as follows:-" An old woman, whose ruddy cheeks told plainly that she was a stranger to London smoke, en deavoured to force her wajf towards the plat form. She was. armed with an umbrella of gigantic proportions, and carried a small country wicker basket on her arm. By freely poking the end of her umbrella in the ribs of those persons who stood in her w?y she was enabled to progress for some yards until a coarse and ungailant navvy asked her with an oath and in auytning but dulcet tones, ' who she was a-shoving on.* The poor old la,dy eoBMixmeeA-te'ltctare the fellow, and this drew forth a deal of chaff from the crowd, so that it became necessary for the police to in terfere. They persuaded the old lady that it would be better for her to retire, but she stoutly refused to go, saying that she had walked ten miles to bring * dear Mr Glad stone' a present, and she should not go home until she had shaken his hand. Finding how ever, that it was impossible to get tc the plat form, she worked her way out of the crowd, and heated and disappointed sat down on a stone and gave way-to tears. A gentleman stauding by enquired the cause of her grief, when she informed him that she had come up on purpose to see Mr Gladstone, who was * the bese gehtlaman in the world,' and had brought a 2-lb. pat of butter and a dozen of new-laid eggs for him, hut the police would .notlet her get to him. This gentleman en deavoured to get the old lady near ihe plat form, but failed, and so she had to return home without having accomplished her object and the ex-Premier lost ihe butter and eggs, | besides missing the satisfaction of shaking hands with his enthusiastic and unknown ad mirer. I am quite sure that if the right hon. gentleman had butknownjof the poorwoman's desires she would jhave gone home iu a very happier frame of mind, and lie would have eaten the butter and eggs with exfrfemo relish.' A peculiar discovery has recently been made in the krypta or cellar of the Hilige^eiet Kirche (Church of the Holy Ghost) in Pots dam, near Berlin. This old and in some mea sure a little dilapidated building is to be re novated, and as the workmen entered a long unused underground yqoai they found therein $ well- preserved coffin, on which a plate stat edthat this was the last restingplace of a mer chant named Weissbach, who died on the 7th September, 1754. To the surprise of the workmen, who lifted off the coffin l:d the dead man was perfectly preserved, oeing en tirely mummified, so that the features were quite recognisable. The dress a black velvet one, is also in a perfect state of preservation, although the body has Jain just 122 years in it$ cpffin-r-for strange to say, the discoveiy happened on the 7th September the very day on which 122 years ago Mr Weissbach was buried. This singular discovery created so much excitement that the Church authori ties felt themselves compelled to close the vault where the coffin is kept. THUlL> n UblW IUV7 UVIlUll is I CHINESE LAW.-A carres.p.pndeafc writes j that, chancing fpcently to be in conversation with some or the Chinese, in Little Bourke St., be mentioned the Tichborne case to tbem, when his hearers wondered at the fact that English, who were such clever people, were not able to tell the true heir. In China, they said. they had a ready way of solving such difficulties. When therp was a dispute about property, there were two. tests for finding the true heir, \ybiph were regarded as infallible. If the parents were alive, but unable to identify the claimant, the veins of the parties were opened, ?wd their bloQd wjngiecl. If the blood coagulated of joined together, then thp claimant pronounced the heir. In $ase the parents were dead, their bones were exhumed,and one of the veins of the claimants being opened his blood was allowed to drop on to the bones. If it adhered he was at once put in possession of the estate.-M. Herald. A lawyer, to avenge himself on an oppo nent, wrote *' Rascal*' in his bat. Ttie of the h^t tqqlj it yjs, looked ruefully into it, ^ncj' turning to tlie judge, exclaimed, " I claim the protection of this honorable court; for the opposing counsel lias written his name in iny hat, and I have strong suspicion that lie intends to make off with it. 