The Storyteller. A Hundred Pounds. A NOVELETTE. CHAPTER IV. BRAITHWAITE'S VISITOR. BY J. BRUNTON STEPHENS. SHIRESS BRAITHWAITE'S visitor was known on Summer-hill, around whose precincts he lived or lingered, by the name of Old Tom. Old Tom is a sobriquet which seems to attach itself sponta- tobriquet neously, and without the necessity of aaera mental water, to poor men of unknown parentage, of goodness of disposition ranging from sim plicity to idiocy, with a flavor of canine fidelity, and perhaps a alight spice of eccentricity. Such men are called Old Tom from a combination of Dualities which can only be described as Old 'ommiahneas. Let such a man make in a strange place a Melchiaedek appearance, without father or mother, or known beginning of days, and the name of Old Tom is almost certain to attach itself to him, especially if his name be hot Tom. In the present instance Old Tom's name was Joshua Oelbraith, but it might as well have been Braithua Qarjosh for aught it mattered to the street Arabs, who, of course, had had the re- christening of him. He was a man of vagrant but harmless ways. He maintained an irregular, desultory existence by doing odd jobs for various boarding- houses on Summer-hill and Ha vicinity. But it was only the very easiest of work he could be trusted to do. Anything that necessitated a strain on the memory .was understood to be beyond his province, and his services even on an ordinary errand could only be rendered safe by means of a paper of directions. For he could read, and •van write; and, indeed, had been known on occasions to drop remarks that betrayed the remains of a very respectable education. Even with a paper of directions, however, his fulfilling of an errand was by no means to be counted upon if he should happen to descry by the way indications of the removal of a household from one habitation to another. He bad a puaion for removals, as some men have for funerals, or executions. Moreover, he had a strange instinct for ferretting them out, and would hang about for days in the neighbor hood of any house where he bad seen, or fancied he had seen, the symptoms of impending change. His services on these occasions were not great, and were proportionally rewarded. But it was noticed by the few who took heed to his ways, that his great anxiety during such operations was, not ao much to forward the work itself, as to watch over the womenfolk. It was noticed how solidtoualy he hung round them, stood between them and possible danger, and in variably thrust himself into the place of any one of them who was imprudent enough to lend a hand with the "heavy lifts." When not employed, and non- employment waa hia normal condition, he waa generally to be seen lying in some one of the many open spaces on Summer-hill, either asleep, or reading a newspaper of ancient date. He generally found out some email cavity so fanned that he could base himself very low, and have his feet elevated to a level with his head, his up-stretched legs thus forming a convenient reading-deak. It waa known among those who patronised him that the news of the day had no interest for him. When a newspaper was bestowed upon him, he would first of ail look at tile date, and if that was not sufficiently ancient would return the paper with a shake of the head. As a matter of course he had oome more than once under the notice of the police aa being without visible means of support On such occasion* he had been used to describe himself as a "flitter," and failing in that defence had always been fortunate enough to find a friend who had either given employment to him the day before, or was willing to improvise a promise of it for the day after. Nor had he escaped the charge of being of unsound mind, but on occasion of examination he had happened to have more than his usual wits about him, and had answered on all points (save his own biography, which he refused to touch upon) as a sane man. By this time he had come to be tolerated, and had even attained to that stage of consideration which would have ranked him on the American side of the Atlantic as "an institution." Shiress Braithwaite'a wilful uncertainty could no longer maintain its existence when be saw Old Tom without his hat When he had seen him in the streets, the beard had half bid the familiar mouth, and the pendent relic of bis hat rim had partially shaded the upper part of the face ; but now, the latter obstacle to complete recognition being removed, he knew that he waa in the presence of his dead mother's brother. Here was the very man who had held out his hand to save him from the taint of degraded paternity, who had brought him up as bis own with infinite tenderness and consideration, and who had even, at what sacrifice he could well guess, furnished him with the means that had brought him out here, and had enabled him to make that respectable start which had issued gradually in his present prosperity. But he had not a word of welcome for him. What in the name of all that was diabolical brought that shambling ragged old idiot across his path at this most inopportune of all times, when it so specially behoved him to keep his weak point of family position, or want of it, altogether out of the eye of Society ? Was he to be saddled with " low origin," and perhaps even with " insanity in the family," at the very moment when he was about to gather all his cUimß, and to press them on the notice of a sagacious father ? Why, only last night he had told her, for the dozenth time, that he had no living relative, and that his family position, though poor, had been unimpeachable I And worse, far worse than the objectionableness of this miserable old mau himaelf was the thought of what he bad it in hie power to tell, should his evident weakmindedness take, as weokminded nesa often does, the shape of viudictiveness. How was he to receive him ? What was to be his attitude ? He had ampk time to argue the matter in his own mind, for the old man wae sitting before him uttering no word, but gaaing on the ground, mod every now and again beating his forehead with the palm o! hia hand a* if to oonjure up the reeolleetion of what he had oome to say. He came to the oonoloaion that he could fix upon no line of action until he knew how far the old man's memory yet eanred him. Perhaps all wai well even yet Surely, had hit uncle reoognised him, he would hare epoken at once. Emboldened by thk thought, be was the first to break the silence. "My good man," said he, "you must have found your way in here by mistake. What can you pombly want with mef' Old Tom drew out a handkerchief from the hollow that wm hi* hat, paseed it alowly once or twice over his forehead, and then looked, aa it •earned not ao much at Braithwaite, aa at the place where Braithwaite waa. Then again he looked thoughtfully downward, as if seeking for his memory in the pattern of the carpet v This is one of my bad nights," he muttered at length, once more looking up at the place where Braithwaite was. His grateful nephew inwardly expressed his thankfulness that it was so, and prayed that he might hare a long continuance of the same. When Shireas thanked and prayed, it must be understood that his upward breathiaga were directed to a vague impersonal power quite unknown to any theology. "Lt seems to me, old fellow," said he, assuming a brisker tone, feeling now more secure by reason of the other's mental helplessness;— "it seems to me that it would be better to spend your bad nights at home. What brought you herer •'What dfcl you say your name wasT sud denly asked the other, looking a little brighter, at if he had found a clue to something. " I said nothing about my name. How did you come here without enquiring for me by namef* " Let me see., .oh. ..TTe seen you come in here sometimes. You art the three-pafr-a-day gentleman." "Three pairs of what 1" "Boots. I oome here before anyone is up... every day ... no, not always... but sometimes, you see ... and on the washing mornings I black the boots." . ■ Good heaven I what a cruel stroke this would be, if ever the truth should come out! His own uncle, to whom, in a sense, he owed everything, had been gaining a precarious meal by blacking his boots ( The thought pierced even that selfish heart with a pang of something like pity. But aa the culmination of possible misfortune would consist in the thing being said, it was too late to interfere, for the foundation of faot was already laid. "Ah, I see," he drawled. "Well, I suppose the landlady settles with you. Let her know, if I owe you anything. There: I think that will do. Pick up your hat, my good man, and be off. If ever you should want to see me again, tell the girl to let me know first" But the old man did not move, except to beat his forehead. "What did you say your name was?" he ■gain asked. " I have no memory for names." It was no use oonoealing his name. Anyone could tell it him at any time for the asking; ao be answered boldly, "Braithwaite." It had not the electrical effect he had half feared. A vision had crossed his mind of the old man leaping up with a sudden burst of reooUeoUon at the familiar sound, and dis ordering his attire with theatrical embraces. But the vision was false. " Braithwaite ... Braithwaite," repeated the old man, rubbing with the points of his fingers the place where the intellectual faculties are said to lodge, as if he thought by friction to coax them into activity.—"This is a bad night with me. My name is Oalbraith. I thought there was something between us. Perhaps it was only the two Braitha." " Have you heard my name before, then 1" "I have heard the people below speak of—it might be you ... where was lat T Let me see. I was looking into a shop when I thought of it. Are there any ironmongers in this town f" "Several of them. But I think you had better go home now." " I had seen somebody that reminded me of somebody," continued Old Tom, disregarding the suggestion; "and just after that, I was looking into an ironmonger's shop, and I saw something that reminded me of something—and the two together mude me remember. Let me see. What do ironmongers sell, now?" It was getting too irksome altogether, but perhaps the beet way to get rid of him would be to humor him. Moreover, curiosity was aa urgent as fear. So he took up bis Courier from the table beside him, and read from an iron, monger's advertisement " Was it boiler- rivets — gas-piping—chaff cutters—punched screens—crucibles—" " No, no; you're cold—cold." "Cold?" " These are not what I want" " Mill- belting—hammers—saws—files—" "Cold, cold." "Tuck's patent packmg—circular saw* — patent composition for ships' bottoms—" "Stop. That's warmer. ... I remember making a ship, and we went down together to the river to launch it, I and—what did you say your name was f "Sheet copper—pitch—oakum," hurried on Braithwaite, tremulously perceptive of dangerous ground. " Cotton waste—rope—" How he cursed himself for that slip. "Stop! That's warm! That's it!" shouted Old Tom, betraying by his very voice the agi tation of rekindling intellect "Bead that again! What was it you read last f "Corn-shellers," gasped out the nephew, holding the newspaper before his face, on wbioh a cold moisture had become diffused. " Gorn-Bhellers ? ... No ; I don't know any thing about corn- ahellers.. .. This is one of my bad nights." "So it seems.—And now, my friend, you must go," said Braithwaite, suddenly rising, and turning down the lamp, and making as if he were about to go himself. "You need not trouble to come here again—even if you know what you want" He opened the door, and diowed him oat with a eerUia amount of gentleness that came of still-lingering pity. Bat he was not yet rid of hia incubus. Before he had time to resume his ■eat, the door again opened, and the white old head appeared once more. " Fll look in again," said Old Tom, nodding, as Braithwaite thought, with a certain confident significance. "I'll look in again, when I re* member what I came for." "The devil you will!" shouted his nephew, losing all self-control for the moment, and *t*Ti"'iT'g the door in his face with riolenee enough to annihilate utterly the poor remnant of his wit* The lingering spark of pity wit quenched by this last aggravation. Turning up his lamp once more, and looking round on his handsomely furnished room, with its tasteful pictures and elegant hangings, he gave not one charitable thought to the benefactor of his childhood, now emerging into the night, friend less, and, for aught he knew, homeless. How it bore upon himself—that was the question. But, as if the first division of that question was, how it bore upon him outwardly, he first of all surveyed himself in the mirror over his chimney-piece. It was a comfort to him to find that, in spite of the intense turmoil that had raged within him, his hair had not turned gray, nor had his handsome features become distorted. His points of advantage were still secure. He took some comfort from his face. It was very pale, certainly; and there was an unwonted moisture upon it; but it was a fine possession, which no one could dispute, and which no origin could overshadow. Helookednextathishandsome figure, at his unimpeachable clothing, at a massive signet-ring on his little finger; and as he did so he felt that between nun and the shabby, drivelling dotard whom he had just thrust from his door any tie of communion was altogether out of the question. Then he pro duoed from his writing-desk-a photograph, on which he gazed long and earnestly; and the longer he gazed, the more clearly he saw (what was certainly not written on the pleasant eyes and open smile imaged before him) that by lair means or foul he must sever himself "from a connection whioh would rob him of all prestige, tad night even convict him of imposture. A worse time for the appearance and invasion of the adversary, for so he reckoned him, could not have been chosen. The Ministerial (who, by the way, will not appear more than I can help in these pages, she being now wedded to sis Her culean feet of touchy numanity) had informed him at their last interview that she had paved the way, and that the only point of danger lay in the who's-who question. And he had play fully declared that his platform was utter nobodiness; to which she had playfully replied that the more he was nobody else's, the more he was—why should I finish it ? We all know the ineffable niaiscritt of whioh such duets are made up; and we all know the kind of full stop, or stopper, with which he would punctuate such a sentence for her. Yes, it bad actually got to such lengths between Shiress Braithwaite and the Ministerial that it is impossible to repeat even a fragment of their conversation without showing that "it was all right between them." But he was pain fully aware through it all that her one weakness was that of being severe on " low connections." His own absolute isolation did not come in for a share of this severity: in fact, in her idolatry she looked upon this man as having simply dropped from the skies. To hear that he had no friends whatever only lent confirmation to her theory of his divine origin. Braithwaite knew all this, and none could be more sensitive than he to the material for possible scorn that lay hid, as yet, in the fact of a ragged idiot uncle, who blacked bis nephew's boots, and who was capable, for aught he knew, of disclosing at some inopportune moment of reawakened memory what he had fondly hoped no human ear might ever hear. And then a fresh suggestion seemed to be whispered to him, that sent him pacing his room with such hurried tread and unwonted noise ss roused the wonderment of the dwellers below, to whom the placid exquisite wss the very type of respectable composure. What if this old man were only playing with him ? What if all this show of faded recollection, all that ironmongering circumlocution, were but the first application of slow torture, of which he was to be the lingering victim, to culminate, when the torturer pleased, in summary execution? What must- be his course in that case 1 The room was too confined for a struggle with such a question. He took his hat and stick, and walked out, not caring whither he went. It was the same moonlight night that was shining down on Mary Drysdale wandering by the river, and the love-lorn Sandie roaming in search of her. But Braithwaite was not destined to meet her that night, though their fates were yet to mingle. It did come into his mind that there were now two people in the same colony, probably both in the same town, whom it behoved him to avoid ; but he only cursed his fate, not himself, for the necessity. He walked hither and thither, insensible to the charm of the peace that slept on town and river. The centre of the universe was in himself, and there was no peace there. On every hand, had he known or thought of it, there were greater and truer griefs than his. How few of those household light* that did not shine upon some secret of sorrow before which his was criminally paltry! Yet it was everything to him, filled his whole soul, distorted and discolored every subject on which his thoughts touched, and dwarfed for him every other human interest. What would Stratford say?— Harry Stratford, of the Coal Mining Records Department, who had the next room to him in the lona Boarding house ? Harry was a power among the Jeunesse Dortfe of Brisborough, and bis word, in a social point of view, was weighty to bless or ban. üßyu ßy gad, sir," he could fancy him saying, while Bitting as chairman of some self-constituted committee on social privileges, —"By gad, sir, the fellow's uncle blacked my boots for many a day!" And had not Betteridge, also of the lona Boarding-house, first docker in the Scab and Foot-rot Office, and an ineroyable of the first water—had not be been in the habit of Baying, as a good-natured friend of Braithwaite'a had reported, that he (Braithwaite) "was a fellow that wanted tripping up tarflyf Would net the unde episode, and the possibly won* to follow, be as nuts and ambrosia to the soul or Betteridge? And Singleton, too,CoMMsswnw of Pile-drivers and Dredges, another lonian, ta* dread of all officialdom for his power of cane** tore—why, at the very thought of him Brut* waite's itnvri"**™" conjured up a whole portion© of cartoons in which his unde, Jack Krteh, *ad himself figured in every owioeiTable absurdity ot position! aniii there wh Phukets, of the Keronne Shale Department Plunketfrwa*, it was weU known, what those sweet youth* «*U*d "awful spoons" upon Miss Parselle, Bratthw waite's Ministerial; and Bnithwaite was equuV well known to have (still in the same dialect) " pot Plunkett's nose out of joint" Plunketf* chief recommendation in the quarter just mentioned had been on the score of his family. Pltrakett was not merely the son of a man and a woman; he was the scion of a house; and the Panelles were very partial to scions. In spite, however, of his scionism, Braithwaite had dis tanced him in the race. But what would be the* fiendish joy of the scion if Braithwaite should now make his appearance ridden by an idiotic, shoe-blacking, almost mendicant uncle, and perhaps handicapped likewise with the dead weight of an infamous paternal memory! He knew they would not spare him. He had been too immaculate, too unimpeachable, to be dealt with otherwise than severely. He had held his head too high to expect any sympathy. There were others who had once been within the hallowed pale, but whom the devtt had got hold of, and conducted either to suicide, or to Saint Helena. These, although the works that had condemned them were held in da* abhorrence, were still talked of as M good fellow*, you know." But he would not be talked of as a good feUow, you know. "I always though* there was •onuthing about him," was the most lenient remark that would be mad* when it came to be known, as it quite possibly might, that he had lied (which indeed he had often done) about his origin, had brought from her home, and then cruelly discarded, the gU he had professed to love, and, finally, bad thrust from-his door the uncle to whom he owed mor» than to any man in the world. Lest* and wont of all, the Paraett* herself—could it be at all doubtful how $ke would regard this new and interesting relative in prospect t Would not the whole romance of his isolated self-existent being d|e away at onoe before the fatal revelation of low connexions ?—Look at it which way he would, it was a ruinous business. Whatever active step he proposed to himself in the matter, seemed only fitted .to precipitate disagreeables. Should he compound with the old man for silence, the result might be only the more dosely to identify himself with him; or, supposing him ss mentally weak as he professed to be, might only resuscitate his yet half-dormant recol lections. Should he change his residence, Stratford, Betteridge, and Co. might get upon the soent all the sooner from the very fact of hi* removal following upon the old man's visit; a visit which could not fail to have been noticed in a house that was a sort of commune, each member whereof had his eye upon the other. Yes; here was another trial awaiting him, which he had overlooked. What was he to say when the inevitable " duff" should begin ? For it wss a terrible house for "chaff." Braithwaite's nocturnal visitor would be •> perfect godsend. He positively writhed to think of the various theories that would be set afloat regarding him. It was an old miser (after some such sort would Stratford legendise the aflair) who had come to announce to him that in con sequence of his (Braithwaite's) reputation for rigid morality he had named him his heir; and would Braithwaite mind lending a fellow five pounds on the strength of it? Then would Betteridge take up the parable. Betteridge had always said that Braithwaite was not the clean pototo he professed to be, and this was an enraged father come to threaten proceedings if he did not pay up handsomely. Braithwaite had shown his usual good sense in paying up so quietly. And Singleton, who usually returned home when others were thinking of getting up, and who doubtless had often witnessed the early boot-cleaning process, would have a correct portrait of the old man, and a theory likewise,— probably to the effect that " the old buster" had come with the offer of a share in a new patent blacking business. How plainly he beard aad saw it aIL And he would have to bear all this, and would have to smile, and smile, and be a villain. Curse that infernal old man I And there lay the very object of his curses within a few steps of him. By this time Braithwaite bad turned off the public road, and was threading his way amongst the uncleared shrub-growth which still gives to that part of the town a flavor of the bush, when he saw his unde lying on the ground before him. So whit* and shrunken-looking, so feeble and shrivelled, so merely a relic and shred of humanity—why should such a thing stand in his way ? Of what avail was that paltry spark of life to its owner, or to anyone else ? If he could only trammel up the consequence—oh no!—he didn't mean that He merely meant how exceeding Con venient it would be if that meagre old shadow would only vanish of its own accord! Stay. Was he not already dead ? So white and motionless be looked in the moonlight that Shiress might well be excused if for a moment he fancied that fortune had interfered in his behalf. Trembling with anxiety, he stooped down and crawled nearer to him. ' He _ could hear no sound of breathing, saw no motion of the chest The face was partially turned away from him, and the brow was in shade. He put out his hand, and tried to turn the body towards* him. " Flitter!" said Old Tom suddenly, and turned round to his former position. He was not dead, then. What a pity. How easy—no, nol Once again, he did not mean that! But what a confounded nuisance it was that this witless starveling should stick to a life that he had no longer any part in! What should auoh fellows as he do, crawling between earth and heaven ? And yet this faint breath of his might blow up all bis prospects of the Pawelle—and of her dot too, which was any thing but inconsiderable. How had he happened to arm hjmaelf to-night with this heavy stick f He couldn't telL He hardly ever carried » ■tick ; but here was one to-night Old Panelle himself had given him thia very stick. There .was nobody about He could hear a solitary o»b rumbling in the distance. Tea, old Parselle himself had given him this very stick. What a curious thing it would be if with this identical stick that old Panelle had given him BhireM Braithwaite rose up and fled home, ward. Something had come over him to-night. He had seen the most awfol sight which a man can see on this side the grave, and perhaps beyond it—he had seen the hidden deeps of hie owm nature. His darkest capabilities had opened before him, and in the yawning chasm he had seen things hideous and fouL Once on a time, during an earthquake, the side of a hill, on whfoh doubtless many hours of human life had been spent in play and dalliance, gave way, slid down, and revealed to the appalled spectators row upon row of ghastly upright corpses, that but for the earthquake might have waited un. disturbed till the Trump of Doom. So was it with him. The earthquake bad come, and the aunnj slope of life had given way; and, behold, all within was ghastly and gnm. It was a terrible eight even for one in whose case it may have needed no very great earthquake to cause the landslip. . He was glad to see his own room again; glad even to see Betteridge, whom in general he rather disliked, sitting in his easy chair; though not so well pleased with his seriocomic salutation of 44Hey, old man! have you seen a ghost f" A lew. minutes' conversation with this sprightly companion set him more at his ease with hw» He even endeavored to anticipate matters by asking if he had seen his visitor of that evening—en old semi- maniac who had come to him with enquiries about some one of whom he knew no more than he did about the man in the moon. He tried to laugh it over, and every thing else along with it—but, the Idea was then. When he pat his boots outside his door that night, the Idea. wa. there also, When he went to bed, it was there too; and tfeep and dreams only gmve it fresh vividness, and new forms of horror. - ■ . .. (TO SI CONTINUED J 