Public Schools for Yorke's Peninsula. In our last issue we briefly described the visit of the Hon. the Minister of Education, the President of the Council, of Education and other gentlemen to Moonta, Moonta Mines, and Cross Roads. On the evening of the same day (Thursday) the whole party were driven to Kadina, having the advantage of a fine team of four-in-hand and a first-rate whip. Having arrived at Host Battams, the Royal Exchange Hotel, and watered and refreshed, there was a disposition manifested to examine the chief point of interest of the prosperous-looking corporate town of Kadina. Naturally, being engaged on an educational tour the Minister and friends enquired for the Institute, expecting that in so fine a town there would be an adequate building and a large library. They were guided by a shame faced citizen to an enclosure at the back of the Telegraph Station, and which, indeed, forms a part of the yard of the Police station : and here was an old shed, which we are credibly informed was formerly occupied as a Court-house, residence for Stipendiary Magistrate, or Police Barracks, Entering this, the Honorable the Minister, the President of the Council of Education. Mr. Salom, a member of that Council, and the Representatives of the District, Messrs. Duncan and Richards, discovered (in a small room, which was ill-ventilated, dusty, and filled with a disagree- ably "stuffy" atmosphere) a solitary subscriber who, by the aid of a kerosine lamp, was engaged in making out the contents of the single "daily" that graced the table. A few other specimens of periodical literature found a place on a corner table, where they had sought refuge and solace in company with a melancholy-looking draft-board, that bore the appearance of having effectively studied for some time past the light litera- ture of that well-known work "Zimmerman on Solitude!" But this one room and its contents was by no means exhaustive of the resources of the Kadina Institute. There was the Library, and peering through the darkness with difficulty we discovered on some skeleton shelving, the mortal remains of a skeleton library, compared with which the collection of "Blue Books" (donated by Government) looked absolutely fat, rollicking, and saucy. The whole collection might, with ease, have been carried away in a porter's basket. Beyond the '"Library," there were two small rooms, of a verily "stuffier" and more unpleasant atmosphere than ever ; and one of these was called (by courtesy, we presume) the chess room, the point of rendezvous of the ghosts of former chess-players, for there were none in the flesh, nor was there any appearance of use about the place ; and the other room was occupied by a collection of kerosine-tins, and in lack of a better name, must, we suppose, be called the kerosine-room. This then was the Kadina Institute! It may be imagined what expressive comments were uttered as a result of the astonishment of the party; and if we have but too faithfully described things as they are it must not be inferred that we have penned our notice with any desire to hurt the feelings of those concerned. Our object is to bring to the front one or two fact, and to endeavor to create a more healthy state of affairs in relation to Institute matters. The facts are —That there is at Kadina a fine population of young men to whom a good Institute would be exceedingly valuable ; that there is at the present time a good committee, willing to work heartily in putting the Institute on a good foundation and promote its effective operation ; that bad and ineffective as the building and its appliances may be, the management is at the present time perfectly solvent; that there is a site for a new building ready ; and that an unexpended vote of £1,000 granted by Parliament awaits a vigorous effort to create a building fund, and erect a suitable edifice worthy of the town arid people. What, then is awanting? A moderate and partial canvass a few days ago produced promises of £70 towards the building fund : and a project for a bazaar to which all classes in the community would very willingly contribute, is spoken of. What is there in the way of a successful result? A little energy, unity, and determination, and common-sense business-like procedure (qualities in which Kadina is or should be by no means deficient ) would bring about all that could be desired ; and would bring in the train of events probably some mitigation of party feeling and party strifes. On Friday morning, an inspection of the sites for a school- house for Kadina was commenced. and of these there were but two suggested — the one in Taylor Street, immed- iately opposite to the Telegraph Station and Court House, but on the other side of the Public Square; and the other on the low gentle rise opposite the Bank of South Australia, and on the south side of the Railway — regarded as a most suitable situation. The former site was regarded as of insufficient size, the fine block of which this suggested site would be only a part, being already apportioned for an Institute and for a Town Hall and Municipal purposes. The latter site would, it was thought, give accommodation not only to Kadina but to all the children of the Wallaroo Mines on the side towards the township. Proceeding to the Wallaroo Mines in a large buggy, and with a capital pair of fast, trotters, kindly offered for the use of the party by Mr. Schroeder the Manager of the Kadina and Wallaroo Railway, they were met by Mr. Higgs, the Superintendent of the Wallaroo Mines, with a handsome carriage and pair, who relieved Mr. Schroeder's rather heavily-laden buggy by taking some of the members of the party with him. The Mine was very speedily reached, and at one of the official Mr. Higgs kindly gave information to the following effect, bearing upon the speces object of the visit. Mr. Hartley having remarked that the estimates of the number of children of schooI-going ages at Kadina, with the boundaries of the Corporation, varied from 400 to 700, asked the number at Wallaroo Mines. Mr. Higgs — I estimate that there are about 1200 resident on the Wallaroo Mines and in its close vicinity. Mr. Hartley — If a school were erected on a spot opposite the Bank of South Australia. on the land on the south side of the railway, where would be the best site for a second school? Mr. Higgs — I should think on the Devon Consols property. The children on that side would thus be accommodated ; I mean those not only on the Wallaroo Mine, but in the small settlements surrounding the mine on that side. The subject of night-schools for employees on the Mine having been touched upon, Mr Higgs was requested to give an idea of their operation and effect. He complied by saying — Shortly after I came here (Wallaroo Mines) I found that there were one hundred and eighty boys working on the Mine, but that of the whole number only thirteen could read and write. I asked the Directors if they would suoplement the funds I might be able to raise for the establishment of a night-school, and to this they willingly asserted. I then announced that boys would not be employed upon the Mine unless they could produce a certificate that they had attended school at least six hours per week. I found a liberal response to my effort, and I also had the gratification of observing that the parents of the boys supported me in the new regulation. This state of things continued until some time last year, when it became a pretty general impression that the Education Board were about to take the matter up in their education scheme. Now there is not a boy employed upon the Mine who cannot read and write, and who moreover knows something of arithmetic. Mr. Hartley — A most successful result! And how long did it take to produce it? Mr. Higgs —The night-school system was brought into operation at the latter end of 1870. Mr. Hartley — And all this was done without any help from the Government? Mr. Higgs — Yes. The system works easily. Every week the boys received their certificate, and had to tender it to the timekeeper before they could go to work. Of course these night-schools were not perfect : perhaps the best teachers were not always procurable. Mr. Hartley — What is your opinion : would these boys prefer night to day schools? Mr. Higgs — Yes. I think so, and the effect has been good in preventing noise and larrikinism in the neighborhood. The Minister of Education — Are there not large numbers of youths and young men above the. school-going age who are uneducated? Mr. Higgs — I have no doubt there are a great many. The Minister of Education — Would they attend a night-school? Mr. Higgs — A good night-school, certainly: and it would be a great advantage. With this the party moved to visit one of the engine-houses, whence from the elevated platform a view of the Mine and adjacent lands was obtained, and as we understand the locality of the second school glanced at. The arrangement was made that Mr. Inspector Hosking should remain behind a day to fix definitely the absolute site on one of the Devon Consols sections. A very hasty glance through the mechanical workshops, where a number of modern appli- ances were in use, was all that could be afforded, time being a great object. Mr. Higgs, quite consistently with his character, would not suffer our party to leave without the usual evidences of his hospitality. And en passant we would offer our tribute of high appreciation of the no less beautiful than numerous contents of the conservatory. Attached to his residence it offered, in contrast with the surroundings of the Mine, a picture as pleasing as a glimpse at fairyland. At Wallaroo the party were met by His Worship the Mayor and the members of the School Committee, comprising the Rev. Mr. Davidson (Secretary), Captain Hay, and Messrs. Beaton, Ward, Cloud, Marshall (sen.) and Bright; and after a brief inspection of the excellently-arranged Institute library, reading-room, and hall, they proceeded to the site of the proposed school for Wallaroo. The spot suggested was unanimously pronounced admirably suited for the proposed purpose, and in this view all will concur who know the open and pleasant situation just in front of the Hospital on Lydia Terrace. From this spot (as we are assured almost always free from the smoke from the Smelting Works) there is a fine view of the sea and of the Wallaroo Jetty, generally the busiest spot in the neighborhood. But we are prevented further description at present, having to start at once for Kalkabury, Maitland, Yorke Town, and Edithburgh, in each of which places the Council of Education will have a good work to do. 