RESTORATION OF APOSTOLIC CHRISTIANITY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-Will you kindly allow me space to notice the letter of "An Old-Fashioned Churchman," published in The Mercury of the 30th March ? Of course, " Churchman " believes that he is right in his dogmas, but he seems to lack charity, and his judgment may be at fault on the subject of baptism. The Lord Jesus, author of Christian faith, and our great examples, never baptised with elementary water. His baptism, as John the Baptist taught, was that of the Holy Ghost and of fire. This is the baptism spoken of by Peter in the text I referred to by " Churchman," 1 Peter, ch. iii., v. 21. that now saves" (the "now" being the days of the apostles). " It is not the putting away the i filth of the flesh is not water baptism-but the answer of a good conscience towards God, by the resurrection of Jesus Christ." It is the "one baptism" which the Apostle Paul set forth, who declared that God had not sent him to baptise with water, but to preach the Gospel. And if St. Paul was not sent to baptise, who has been sent since the days of John the baptist? The doctrine of "Baptisms" mentioned in the first to the Hebrews clearly relates to the " divers washings " enjoined in the Law of Moses, " imposed till the time of reforma- tion " (to the bringing in of the now covenant-the dispensation of the Gospel and probably to the reception of converts to Judaism. As to the sprinkling of infants" with water, as an initiatory rite, whereby they are "made" "inheritors of the Kingdom of Heaven," or said so to be by the doctrine of the Church of England, and supported by "Old Churchman," who refers to Christ's words as his warrant, ''Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of Sachisthal Kingdom of Heaven," I would ask him, if Christ declared this of those children who had not been sprinkled with water by a priest in holy orders, what need can there be to impose upon innocent babes a rite of mere human invention ? " Old Churchman " is aware that the last twelve verses of Mark's Gospel are rejected as spurious by the translators now revising the Testament, and, he ought to know, that they have also amended the other Terse he quotes, "Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," etc. The word "means amended to "unto;" so that stronghold is levelled. Those words indicate what-St. Peter declared took place at the time of his preaching to the household of Cornelius, " As I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell upon them as on us at the begins ning. Then remembered the word of the Lord. Now-, he said, John indeed baptised with water, but ye shall be baptised with the Holy Ghost." Su, ought it ever to be with the Christian Ministry, it should be preached with power from on high, and baptise the hearers unto the name of the Father, Son, and Spirit, that they may become partakers of the Divine Nature, and ¿xporicnoo a dwelling with God, and God dwelling with them. It is true that some of the disciples of the Lord Jesus did baptise with water, but never with the formula, " I baptise thee in tho name of the Father, Son, and Spirit." These truly, are awful word for man to speak. Are they anything short of assuming the power of the Godhead? The early converts to Christianity were baptised to the Lord Jesus that is, they made public profession of their faith in the despised and crucified Nazarene as the Son, and sent of the Father, and the Saviour of the world. The disciples were Jo was, used to the rites of the Jewish polity. Converts to the Jewish faith could not be received without losing baptised, and it is by no means improbable that this led to, the rise of water in receiving converts to Christianity. Whilst on the subject of baptism, it may, perhaps, be well to close with a reference to ''John's baptism-that was a baptism of repentance for the remission of sins. Yours truly, AN OLD CHRISTIAN. [The correspondence on this subject is becoming wide apart from the original subject, and more fitted for our contemporary, the Christian Witness. We hope the hint will be taken.-En. viz,] 