STORY OF BASSET. THE story, of Basset illustrates convlot life, and li otherwise curious. The father of this wayward youth had been tho blacksmith ol tho village, and died when he wai a child. His mother was a .woman of a kind heart, an easy disposition, and a weak will. She exercised little control over her son, who, as he grow up, was allowed to do much ns he pleased, ile was a bold, active, restlos, and withal, somowhat wilful boy, tho fb>t among his companions In every legiti- mate vlllago pastime,* and generally the ilrst also in every mischievous prank and unlawful escapade. Quito undisciplined, and following in hil things his own will and pleasure, ho had not a bsd or callous heart, and alter his own wild, boyish fashion, loved his mother. .After o long widowhood, Mrs Basket married again, und young Basset found in his now father one of as strong a will ia himself. It was soon evident that tho two could never Ute together on terms of agreement, and the stepfather determined that tho boy must leave tho house. Ho thercforo apprenticed him on board a man-of-war, and young Bassat took hi« departure. Fur a little time, whilo tho novelty of tho thing lasted, he liked his now Hf?, but before very long ho began to weary of it. Ills previous lifo hud been the worst ol schooling for thc enforced disciplino of the navy. He chafed at the restraint and contiol longed once more to be his own master, and resolved to escape from what he had grown¡to regard os a bond dage, on tho first occasion that offered. Such an oponlng as ho sought was longer in arriving than ho had anticipated, but at last ho thought lt had come.' Apart of the crow "of tho vessel in which ho served mulincd, and Bastut engaged himself in tho con- spiracy, with tho hopo that it would prove successful und alibi d him an opportunity for obtaining the free- dom.ho yoarned for. Dot tho plot miscarried, and thc mntlnccrs were ono and all sentenced to trans- portation, It might have, been thought that Basset would have made an unruly and difficult prisoner, but lt was not ' io. Ho was naturally of quick perceptions, and his period of man-of-war. setvice had hod tho effect of tenoning him a certain amount of foresight and self control, lie soon took in the conditions of his posi- tion, Ho tow and heard of many instances of men who, by quiet cor duct, had gained their freedom long before the tenn of their transportation was completed and ho knew of some of thäso same men who lind attained in n . short space to Independence and com- fort. He saw that a mitigation of rontence followed upon good conduot, not. In exceptional CBSCB, but ns the rule, and ho. resolved, to oct accordingly. He would not chafe or rebol against his present fate; but bear patiently, keeping always steadily in view tho end at which ho was aiming. Freedom was a passion in this man's nature, and the very longing for lt now helped him In his determination to preserve a quiet and orderly life, SB the surest and speediest moons of winning his liberty. For a long whilo this resolve held good.' Bassot's conduct was uniformly satisfac- tory. He was rescrvod and silent in his manner, and those in author'ty over him thought him sullen and moody, but otherwise they had no fault to find. So things went on with BatBot until a circumstance oc- curred which was again to chango thc current of his life, Ho was at this time one nf o gang ol prisoners omploycd in building a bridge across a river. One day some failuro in hU duty on tho part of Basset brought upon him tho censure of thc ovorsccr. The thing hod happened through no wilfulness of tho man's, not even through carclcssnrss, but was due wholly to inadvertence. But tho overseer wis in an irritable mood, his temper had bron otherwise tried that morning, and his rcbuko was sharp and percmp. tory. Basset received it in silence ; but tho suddenly darkening visage, which He could not wholly hide, did not encope tho overseer. It magnified tho ptisonoi's fault in his eyes, and it now appeared clear to him that this was a case that demanded some sharper treatment than mere words. He wrote the following note, addressed to the magistrate of thc neighbouring township, and gave it ta Basset to deliver : ' Dear Sir,-Please order thc bearer (No 03) twenty lashes ; and oblige, yours very truly.' This was a form of epistle very common in those days. Thc power of administration In regard ta thc flogging of the convicts was vested in thc magistrates. Basset delivered the note, received his lushes as per order, and returned to his work. Next night, No. 73 wai. missing from tho camp. He had made his escape to the woods. Thc man's naturally hot and hasty spirit had been again roused by the Injustice which he had received, his former resolves had given way. He had never been flogged before ; during his rca-lifc, his quick temper and impatience of authority had never led him into any indiscretion punishablo by thc lash : his final transgression hod brought ils own prescribed penalty. - Search was made for Basset with all thc vigour and vigilance which at that timo attended the pursuit of escaped convicts ; bul in this instance it proved fruit- less. Tho surrounding country had but recently boon opened up, and was as yet little known. Basset got clear away to tho woods, and penetrating daily deeper into the fastnesses of thc forest, foll in with a small tribe of block follows, with »hom ho ot once cont in his lot. He knew that this would bo tho surest of all means which ho could adopt tu make good his escape His now acquaintances extended to him all tho hos- pitality within their knowledge, and their unsuspi- cious demeanour won lils confidence. Mingling with tho uncouth savagery of their life, ho found gentler trolls of character, which mado cxsltcnco among them tolerable. His Ufo now opproximnted, ns nearly as nearly as possible, to that of those amund him, Ho satin spoke their language, learned to hunt and trnp thc wild animals which supplied them with lood thc kangaroo, tho wallaby, and tho native bear ; lear- ned to lure the bird to tho snare by tho simulated call and whistle, taught himself to shoot with tho bow, to hurl tho bnomoiong and thc javelin, to spear the Ash in the river, to fashion ounnlngly with his own hand tho rude but deadly Implements of the chase ; and In all th oso, and tho various other arts of savago Ufo ho became os skilful as tho most expert of those about him. Ero long, too, tho ascendency of hil higher roco exortod and manifested lu influence. Tacitly, his dark skinned companions confessed his supremacy, obeyed his will, and established him as their loader and king. Basset was now tasting freedom in its moat unre- stricted forms, and for a time ho enjoyed it keenly, yielding himself with heart and mind to Its wild de- lights, its unfettered abandon, and freedom from all caro beyond the day. Tho nomadic Instinct, which ls Inlier lient, though often dormant, In most mon, and which «ns o»pcci-<lly strong in him, now had full scope and liberty. Tho authority, too, which ho exercised over his swarthy comrades in the camp ond tho chsso sweetened his wild oxistenco. But tho limo carno when these pleosures palled upon him. Tho companshlp of his uncouth though faithful followers grew iiksomo to him, and tho power ho wloldcd ovor thom lost it« /.cst. He cast about how ho might best escape from tho tribe, and was at last successful lu eluding them, Ho buried himself in thc recesses of a remote mountain gully, which ho hal ono doy by chance wandered into during a solitary hunting expedi- tion, «nd of tho oxistenco of which ho felt certain that hia companions wcro ignorant. Tho black mensougbt their missing chief in vain, and then mourned tor him as dcul. It waa u wild, lonely, yet beautiful spot which Bossot had made his retreat ; a deep and narrow rofl in tho heart of tho hills. Tho mountains, steep high, and rugged, walled ll in on every side, and os its bot- tom flowed a bright ond rapid torrent. Tho vegeta- tion was of supremo luxuriance and beauty ; a matted notwork of trailing greenery bound tho forest togcihcr iiIn ono impenetrable moss. It was a spot whero tho virgin forest hod never yet been touched by tho whlto man's nxc, or tho blackman's hunting knife ¡ whoro probably no human foot had trod boforo Basset's! where, perhaps, thc echoes had slumbercdunnwakencu savo by the cry of wild birds, slnco tho creation, Bos- sot cleared o space on a small grassy plateau at the head nf tho gully, and here, with thc stoma of fallen gumtrees, withos of the willow, lind clny from thc bed of tho stream, built himself o hut. About him and above, the pines and the nhc-.onk« waved and sang, tho torrent sang beneath. Soon ho began to feel tho want of sufflotont oooupatlon. To ono of hil reallots activity of mind and body, inaction wai a borden. The captnro of auch animals and birds aa he required for food employed but a small part of tho day. He did not usually stray far outsido thc confine! of his moun* tain valley, lest he should again meet with any of his late companions ; but ono day ho had wandered a long way beyond tho boundaries of tho gorge. He hod loft the mountains behind, and hnd descended upon the plain. Wandering on, with no flxod purposo in his rain j, ho carno upon a solitary homestead Hand- ing in tho midst ot a level, well- grassed country, sparsely sprinkled with woodland. It was tho dwell- ings of Hugh Kavanagh, a spirited and adventurous squatter, who, seeking now and wider pastures for his [ increasing flacks, who pushed farther and farther into tho interior of thc country, until hie last, and what ho I thought would be his final resting-place waa ono of the remotest stations In thc colony. As Basset con- templated the home of Mr Kavanagh and its surround- ing*-the garden in front, and the small farmyard in and out-houses in the rear, an alr of thriving and civi- lised oomfoit pervading the whole-an idea took pos- session of him.' Concealing himself hi the neighbour- hood, he waited- till nightfall. When all lights had been extinguished in the home, and everything seemed quiet and at rest, Basset stole from his hiding-place. First he entered ono of the out-houses, and stealthily explored its interior. It waa a bright moonlight night-a circumstance which assisted him greatly in his enterprise. At one end of the place ho found a goat and two kids, and at the other several lambs with their mother«. Ho took the goat and its kids. Then ho entered the gordon in front of the house, and gathered several plums of Howers and vegetables, carefully taking them up by tho roots. He was guided by no choice in tho matter, selecting thc plants aa they came, but ho made no wanton destruction among them, taking SB many only ns he wanted. Withdrawing with his stoltii ' booty, he placed the plants in his game-bag, slung the goat and tho kids on bis shoulder, and made his way back to his moun- tain home. A few nights after, he returned to tho scene of hla déprédations, and ropeatcd his former exploit. Ho now took a sheep and two lambs; and besides these, a spade and a hoe, and a quantity of different kinda of grain fiom the stalls. ' lla-set had now the means of creating occupation for himself. Ho tilled tho little plateau on whioh his hui was raised, and planting his flowers and tow- ing his grain, he cultivated, tended, and nursed tho patch of ground'morning and night with assiduoue care. The coploua dows of evening watered it, the soil was rich in its virgin strength, and in no long time a garden blossomed and tmilcd, and a little corn- field waved like a golden billow around the log-hut. For his kids and lamba, Basset built a Bm all fold ; thc creatures multiplied until a little flock, demanded lila further caro. The pleasure and pride of owner ahip which ho now experienced in tho possession of his garden, his flold. and his live-stock, waa a now and very agreeable feeling to him.'- He enjoyed per-; feet freedom, together with a certain Beute of civilisa-; lion. Ho was dependent upon no man; ho was on-'| ? Uroly: self-tufflcing and self-supporting. Now and then, indeed, at long intervals, he paid a visit to Mr Kavanaghs station and- well, etole several articles which lt waa beyond hla resources to produce himself. On ono ocoaaion finding the family all from home during the day, he entered the house Itself, and took thence a number of books. To the reading of these he gave himself In the hot summer noons and the long winter evenings. They were an odd and miscellaneous assortment, for he lind picked them up promiscuously from Mr, ICavnnagh'a tables and shelves as they came to his hand. But BotBet rend and re-read them, whether fact or fanoy, without much thought of dis crimination, until he knew a great part of their con- tents by heart. Thus the hermit lived, solitary, but Bunking for sll things in himself, and for five years he was con- tent and happy. Ho thought he could live thua for ever ; but he was mistaken. Tho life ho had been leading for the past Ave yeara had, unconsciously to himself, been working a gradual but decided chango in tho man's nature. His lifo with the blacks had rather tendered to develop all that waa wild, recklois, bold, and headstrong in hla nature. He had given full rein to tho nomadic bias with him ; hia heart had pultcd in accord with tho untamed hoarts of those around him ; exulting in the tamo ilerco joys, ruling oTor his companions chiefly by tho cxerciso of a moro dominant will. Tho influences that now operated up- on him were almost all of a diverse kind. His occu- pations wore ol a tranquil and peaceful sort ¡ for he now hunted very little," his garden, his sheep, and his goats supplying him with tho greater part of hia dally todd. In the pursuit of these tranquillsing employ- ments, his blood cooled, hia pulse grew calmer, hia spirit lesa hatty and restless. A change was coming over him. Basset tat in his cabin in tho long night«, and in tho pausos of his rending, listened to the wild com- motion outside-to the wind now tearing and shriek- ing amid the rooks and the shuddering trots; now sobbing and moaning in n weird, half-human voice ; now creeping closo up to his door, and whispering hoarsely under the lintel, aa though half-begging, half commanding udmltlnncc. Ill cse wind-voices, toge- ther with the voice of the torront, took various and many shnpos in lila mind, and laid hold of hi« imagina- tion. Among tho books which he had taken from Mr Knvnnagh's houao waa ono of German legend«, grim, fantastic etorlca of tho mysterious and tho super- natural. On stormy nights, Bitting by his lonely wood-lire, his fancy peopled the tumultuous clements outside with tho Btrange beluga of these old legends ; he could imagino n legion of storm-spirits abroad on tho wind, to whose turbulent dominion tho vnlley had fur the timo been surrendered. On calm nights ho would walk along thc gorge, but it WOB n lonely Bart of pastime The wan wintry moonlight Ulled the placo with a weird ccrlo alleen, and thc gumtrees glimmorcd on every aide, white and haggard looking, Uko melancholy ghosts. Gradually these influences had un awing effect upon Basset's mind. Thc in- tonso solitudo of tho mountains, which in stormy sea tons became desolation, waa beginning to overpower and almost to cow him. Whatever of wllfulmsB and ttubborn resistance was innate in him, was becoming tamo and subdued. He now acknowledged no human master, and the stern impassive fi.rccs ot naturo were overmastering him. Ilia lonely liberty waa making him a grave, thoughtful, and joyless man. He went »bout his daily occupation in Ilia gurdon, his Bold, and among his anímala, but they were Increasing to yield him thc satisfaction and thc pleasure which they had onco done. Ho betook himself more and more to bi« books, among which wcro a Pilgrim's Progrcu and on odd volume of Shakespeare. Thus he' pon- dered mid brooded over, mid although blundering sometimes in their interpretation, came, nevertheless, to n pretty clear general understanding of what he tend Seven yeara In all he passed in hit valley, seven golden summers, seven stormful and dreary wlntors, and then the solitudo' liad fairly overmastered him. Absolute freedom had worn him out. It wat again tummor, a calm and boautiful evening in November, Mra. Kavanagh tat nt tho door of her .homo, working at aomo pioco of sewing, watching the sunset, and awaiting tho return of her husband from bia day's occupation. Uer two children, a boy and girl, played together near at hand. AB abo looked up ever and anon, to view the fading «unset, and to gaze in tho direction wheoco her husband should appear, a figure camu suddenly into her Hold of vision, omerging from the scattered cluuipB of woodland that fringed tho horlzonllno. It could not bo hor husband, for lt was tile figure of a pedestrian. It advanced Bteadlly, and the clearer Its outlines became, the more unfamiliar it looked to Mra. Kavanagh'» oyct. When at length sha made out distinctly tho appearance of the stronger, some alight dltcouiposuro mingled with her wonder. The mon advanced till within hnlf-n.dor.nn yarda of whore eho Bat, and then paused. For a woman, Mrs. Kavanagh wm not oaeily frightened. The wifo of an Australian backwoodsman in those daya sometimes fell tho advantage of a steady heurt and nerve, and frequently ncquired both. But Mis. Karanagh's pulsa quickened and her heart bent faster os aha regarded tho strongo figuro before her, alud in rough goat- skins, with long thick hair falling over his Shoulder«, a faco worn and haggatd with solitude, half-hidden In a dark flowing growth of beard. Tho children were crouching about their mother's kneen tho girl hidden completely amid the folds of her dress, tba boy peeping timidly forth with eyes af startled wonder. Yet Basset hud not a repulsivo face, and hi» formwnt straight and shapely. Ho was still in tho prime of life, and thc influences that had furrowed and aged hie face had not bent lila body. A painter might have taken him OB ho stood OB a modol for tho prophet John, worn out with tho wilderness and long preach- ing, nnd/not have needed to Idealise much. Ills eyes lind a hóllaw, wearied look, but wcro not wild. Ila paused a few momenta before ho spoke, and then said : ' Is tho master nt homo, missis I' ' No ; but I expect him every minute,' Mrs. Kava- nagh replied. ' Then, with your leave, missis, I'll Walt for him ;' and without speaking moro, Baasot tcatod himself on tho ground. At that moment MIB. Kavanagh caught Bight of her husband advancing rapidly on horseback. She went \ forward with the two children tb meet him ; and Kava- nagh checked hi» hone, and alighted, aa they ap , proached. . i ' Hugh,' said Mra, Kavanagh quickly, ' here ia a man «riahing to ace you - a strange, wild-looking 1 creature, I never saw before.'. In another moment the I two men rtood foco to fué*; ' Mister,' began Ballet, with a «light motion of hi« hand, Indicative, of aHeaire to be allowed to ipeak first, ' my nome 's Bauet. lama convict, a lag. I escaped twelve years ago. Some'U say thit wai wrong; moyho lt was, and maybe they'd have done tho same, if they'd been me. But let that go. I've been living In thc woods ever since-a long time with the blacks, a long time by myself, as you see me. M ay bs you will wonder when I tell you I have got a good many things together up there in the mountains. Well, I stole 'em-I stolo 'em from you ; came down 1 hero, and took 'cm away ut night, but, ss Heaven is " my witneBB, I never took more'n I needed ; and now " you can have 'em, most all back again. . Some of the things, the sheep and tho goats, have more'n trebled, I'm tired out living alone, I've given in. You can do with me as you like, master : keep me about tho pince, if you can; glvi mo up to the.beak«, if you must.' . Basset «poko In a quiet composed voice, but «? he uttered > hi« last word« there «waa a «lightly eager, questioning look In his eyes, Kavanagh wu .urprlaedV { perplexed. Trno, the mon had confessed that na had morn than once robbed him, but Kavanagh felt thank, ful that he hid done no more. He might have* visited the house in hi« absence and murdered his wife and children. Kavanagh every now and then heard of auch thing«, deeds of ruthless cruelty done by (leaped convicts, men who, turning bushrangers, held the parts of the country which they frequented in terror by tho audacity of their crimes, until recaptured er,^ c reduced to surrender by atarvation. But this m«n hsd¿¿*!c lived, seemingly, a very different kind af life, «nd had done no worse than «teal a few thing« from him, tho want of which had never been felt. Moreover, he seemed thoroughly tamed and subdued by thc life be . had led. Kavanagh had a warm and generous Irish heart, and Basset's «tory awoke in him sympathy arid .' Interest. But ho WOB in doubt how to aot. : -. ' '.. What do you want me to do for you, my ai sr f' he asked at length, - .', Could youl' cep me about the station, master-shep- herding or auch I" queried Basset hesitatingly. '< ' That would hardly do; against law, you know,' replied Kavanagh doubtfully.. ; . . 'Yet, so I suppose. Well, do what you please, master.' ,:. i - 'I'll try and do my bett for; you,'punned ^Kava- nagh. ' You can «tay herelo- nlght, and I'll think the matter over before the morning.' i : That night, Kavanagh and his wife deliberated the matter gravely, and agreed finally as to what «as bett tn bc done. . Karly next day, Kavanagh stalled for Hobart Town. . Ho was a well-known man in the colony, an old settler, a rich man now, whose wealth 'gave him position and influence, while his personal âualltlcs made him respected and liked. He laid asset's.caso?? boforo the authorities, and pleaded the cause of tho. escaped convict with esrnestntu and wisdom; and he waa successful. l'he law w«s merciful, and Kavanagh returned home with a free pardon for his client,- '' For several years Bauet remained on Mr. Kavanagh'« run as one of the regular station hands. During Ihst time he remained always the same-doolie, trustworthy, and hard-working, genuinely grateful for hi« changed lot,,, When, in 1853, tho transportation of criminal« to Tasmania ceased, Mr. Kavanagh offend him a pieu» of land in the vicinity of Hobart Town, and proposed to him that he should turn mntket-gardener. The' idea was to Basset o congenial one, and he immediately accepted Mr. Kavanagh'« offer. Year« went by, amvy j* ho prospered, until he had made for himself a mod«t4«v^ri rate competence, and his name came to be ipoken o. ? with hononr and respect. "«?" ""...*. If thero be any among our readers who have ever visited tho beautiful littlo Tasmanian capital, they will remember hnw tho town is girdled with pleasant «ir- . dens and smiling orchards, lying along the «lop« of the - j adjacent hill«. Any one of these may have been the property and contained the home of Basset-tbs ex- I convict, i 