&0untrq MxtitXXtytMt. XEiaxa. our own Correspondents.} Bull's Cheek, August 21. Our storekeeper, Mr. W. H. Johnson, seems to be driving a roaring trade just now ; he is extend ing his establishment. Some people say where there is no competition there is imposition. We have competition between Messrs. John3on and Ellis. The residents do not object, because they derive a benefit thereby. Influenza is nrevalent here : it is no respecter of persons ; the iged as well as the young have to submit. Ihe weather suits us very well so far. The crops are looking very well, except where the slugs bave destroyed it in places. A letter from the Peninsula says that unless they have more rain there, water will be a scarce article this coming summer. One young man who weDt north has r- turned disgusted with the loca. ity where be had been. Wellington, Aug. 22. There is an unusual amount of sickness about here ; scarcely a family but has some of its members laid up. Colds of influenza stamp, hacking coughs, toothache — in short, all the ills whicii the human flesh is heir to seem to have been sent, or to have come of their own accord, to this usually healthy district. Rain is much wanted ; grass is scarce, and the grain crops are backward. If we have wet and then genial weather, it is just possible that the year may yet end well. Our farmers are still going exploring. I think it is likely that some of them will eventually make selections in the South- East, but not in thv neighbourhood of Lacepede Bay, as the quality of the soil further south seems to take their fancy, and tney are a race not easily talked over or open to be influenced by sentimental yarns about the beauties of deserts and sterile ranges. The difference in the prices obtained for wool at the late London sales shows that there are wrinkles and wink es connected with the sheep farming profession which have not as yet been understood by everybudy. Sheep, although some times profitable animals, are in some places becoming an intolerable nuisance, and will in some future Impounding Act have to be put under the same ban as pigs, goats, and pou try. If a few thousands of them were now aud then knocked on the htad for trespassing on growing crops, their owners would neither be so -ai'eie*s' nor so bumptious. Mixed husbandry is well enough to talk about ; but where one ploughs and sows, and the sheep of another feed the crops off, the profits are not equallv divided. Two Wells, Aug. 21. Thinking of the past and looking forward at the future, there is se- niingly a g:eat eonirast. We have been blessed with two seasons* jr« od yields from the corn- field-, &c.; ; but the future really looks gloomy — dry weather, even oc casional hot winds, and now and then severe floats, are the features of this season. But we must not murmur ; we must be satisfied. Notwithstanding all this, the inhabitants are pushing on with the usual annual show and ploughing match ; and the Mutual Improvement Society intends giving an entertainment at Two Wells this coming week. The present price of wheat is 4s. 4d. The mill has not been working the last few days, probably undergoing repairs. ? .*. ? Macclksfikld, August 22. 11 Friend after friend departs ; Who hath not lost a friend ?' Death, the grim monster, has again visited U9 this week and removed from our midst an old and respected resident, and colonist of 25 years' stand ing, viz., Mr. Win. Wooding. He was beloved and respected by all who knew him for his kind heartedness and genial temperament, and as being one who was ever ready to do a good turn for neighbour or friend, and was never found lacking in charity towards strangers. The respect and esteem ia which the deceased was held were shown on the day of his funeral, Sunday, 20th, when over 300 persons followed his remains to the grave. We have had genial weather alternating between frost and sunshine. Crops looking well so far ; potato planting general. Upset of late election chief topic at present ; more news in future issue in reference to same. Point MacLeay, Aug. 21, Last week a pahtful accident happened to W. Richmau, E-q. He was attending to some work which was being done to some horses at a stockyard ; as he stood leaning on one of the rails a horse suddenly kicked at him, and the hoofs striking the rail, one of the bones of his aim was broken by the concussion. Of course this necessitates a visit to Adelaide for surgical assistance. On Saturday last a lad in the employ of Mr. Richman met with a dangerous accident. He was riding after some horses, when his steed brought him under a tree, and his head coming in contact with a branch, be was dashed to the ground, and lay insensible for three-quarters of an hour before be was discovered. After a time he was restored to consciousness 5 and as no bones appear to be broken, it i? hoped that care and kind attention will soon put, him on his legs again. A very severe form of influenza has been pre valent iu this neighbourhood amongst both blacks and whites; many people have been very ill with it, but it has soon passed off. Our distance from all medical assistance is painfully felt at such times as these. Preparations for shearing are being vigorously made on the runs. Encounter Bay, Aug. 17. I am a believer in the supernatural, but I do not believe all that claims the distinction. Probably all the alleged ghosts are not laid, tnaugre the dis-olving views ot modern science. Well, silting up late the other night, poor Suior came rushing upon me, pale as death and tremb ling. After placing him in a chair, I gave him Mr. Townsend's celebrated ' small dra^n of brandy,' and it soon had the effect, not, indeed, of enabling him to deliver ' the finest sermon' nor *' political speech,' but to tell the fol lowing grim adventure : — ' I had been reading the papers at Port Victor, and returning home about 11p.m., *o'er all the ills of life victorious,' I came to Newland Bridge, and there I saw a short man gliding — not walking — rapidly backwards and forwards, and, anon, with folded hands, gazing gloomily on the river. Startled and frightened tor a time beyond the power of speech or motion, I at 'first thought I uad come upon some dis tressed soul on evil deeds intent, when suddenly the spectre confronted me, and lo ! I beheld with horror the. ghastly and angry face of a late well known prominent character in our district. Poiuling its bony fiugers at me, the phantom spoke thus : — * Be not thou afraid ; I know thee well, and will not hurt thee. Thou seest I am the spirit of whom on earth thou knewest, and I am permitted to revisit the glimpses of the moon at certain seasons ot public calamity, folly, or danger. When here in the flesh, I was the triple compound of Chairman, Clerk, and rate payer ; nay, 1 had no small influence on the u rig in en t seat, and in our legislative halls ; moreover, I stand on the monument erected to my fame and public spirit. It is no fiction that certain spirits are appointed over cities, towns, villages, and districts ; mine is this Bay. Now, in my spiritual sphere there have been much co _n motion, dismay, and discussion about the utterances of one of your legislators and the recent proceedings of my old hobby, the District Council. The former, one Towns-nd, has been attributing the * finest sermons,' « the beat politi cal speeches,' and *the best work1 to the in fluence of alcohol — ' a small drain of brandy ;' whereas we are taught that from ' God ail boly desires, all good counsels, and all just works, do proceed.* Think thou, Sutur, there was any of this senators * small arain ot brandy' in the ser mon on the Mount, in Paul's address on Mars' Hill, or his speech before Agrippa, or in the fifteenth chapter of the first of Corinthians? Tuen the statesman complains that at temperance hotels he found neither hay nor chaff. When this was read in our sphere, one spirit asked, ' Did the legislator find no thistles for his donkey ?' but he was rebuked for his irreverence. Go thou therefore, Siitor, and warn the said statesman that if he does not repent of the evil oi bis ways he will be delivered to the tormentors, and will be an addition to the n umber of the deu 's advocates.' Then tbe spectre, looking sternly at me, said, in a voice which reverberated un Jerthe bridge — ' My time has expired ; away, Sutor, aud do my bidding, lest thou also come to grief.' The ghost vanished, and I have run all ihe way hither.' Sutor affirms that ' the spectre admitted there might be a grain of truth in the as-ertion about alcohol when applied to fliuiav, evanescent speeches often delivered in Parliament, but utterly false as regards every description of work destined to live, the Pyramids, and * Paradise Lost.' And that great men are not produced by alcohol, the senator is in himself a iiving proof.' I see nothing beyond the realms of space in my friend's narrative. He had been reading Townsend's marvellous speech ou ihe sovereign virtues of alcohol, and pondering the effects of suck doctrines on himself and other Go»d Templars. Sutor's vision was eimply the bodily projection of his own thoughts. 