Sporting Notes. BY the time these lines are in public print, tho Glen Innes races »ill be concluded, and the names of the "conquering heroes" wired to thc principal towns of the Australian Colonies. We have already received an epitome of the first and second days' racing, and considerable surprise has been excited by thc fact that a horse whose name did not appear in the betting, and who was not looked npon as having a 11 ghost of a chance," has pulled off the 1000 sovereigns, the Grand Stand Plate, and run second and within a neck of Sunlight for the Jockey Club Handicap, As on many previous occasions, the result bas proved that favourites do not always win, and sometimes a horse that has run but in- differently amongst third raters, achieves by a single grand effort a first class position, and covers his name with glory. Who shall say that old Erin has not dune well in sweeping Ïiast at least two fields of good horses, and anding to his owner's credit prizes of con- siderable worth ? The old horse has evidently a good deal of metal in him, and when called upon can go to the front of horses supposed to be faster and better than himself. The time in which Erin paced hiB two miles in the 1000 sovB. race is not to be sneezed at, as it will be remembered that 3 mins. 43 secs, is under the time in which Crnyden won the Great Metropolitan Stakes in 1870, and tho same as that in wbich the Sydney Gold Cup was won by Yattendon in 1666, and by Bar belle in 1870. A difference in age and weight is admitted, but seeiug that the horses men* tioned were some of the best of their day, and Erin has been regarded simply as a fair horse in Queensland, the Glen lunes performances of the big chestnut are worthy of remark. He has not been an idle animal by any means, for in 1874 ho started for nineteen races, winning eleven, running second'in five, and and third in three. At Ipswich in that year he only got into seoond place for the N.A.J.C. Grand Handicap and tho Town Plate. At Brisbane he was third for thc Q.T.C. Handicap, and second for the Brisbane Cup. At Warwick he succeeded in carrying his colours first past the post in the Turf Club Handicap, with top weight up; and getting a second place in the Warwick Han- dicap. At Toowoomba he won the Toowoomba (Cup) Handicap. At Rockhampton he won the Handicap on the seoond day, carrying 9 st. 5 lbs,, and beating Kingston, Wanderer, and three others. On the first day he ran a bad third only for the Town Plate, being passed by Kingston and Wanderer. At Mary- borough he won the District Plate and the Club Handicap. At Mount Perry he rata second in a hurdle race. At Gayndah he won the District Plate Handi- cap. At tho Toowoomba Christmas Meeting he won the Toowoomba Handicap and the Aubigny Cup. At the Ipswich Races he won a handicap and a town plate. At Dolby he won the KD. J.C. Handicap and ran into third place for the Town Plate. Such is a brief summary of Erin's work in 1874. He was at that time an aged horse, and conse- quently must now be getting into the " sere and yellow leaf." He docs not, however, seem quite worked out yet, and will no doubt be heard of again. In the Glen Innes Cup he carried 7 st. C lbs. not a high weight certainly for an aged horse, and yet quite high enough considering tho company he was in. Eleven horses only are said to have started, and it will be interesting to find out what became of the other twenty-six or twenty-seven acceptors. That some of the big guns did not face the starter seems probable, but for information in full of the race and other matters we must exercise patience. At a meeting of the Darling Downs Jockey Club, held on tho 21st ultimo at the Com- mercial Hotel, Toowoomba, the secretary's report showed the property of the Club to fae worth £4000. lt was decided to hold the annual meeting on the 3rd and 4th of May . next, and to offer a Maiden Plate of £50¿_' Toowoomba Handicap of £100 and the D. D.J.C. Handicap cf £150. The Toowoombaites aro known to be strong in their sporting proclivi- ties, and will leave no stone unturned to mato their " annual " a success, and interesting to strangers. Re the Darling Downs Jockey Club Mares' Produce Stakes, 1876, thc following foals were named and desoribed on the 1st January ¡ Judge Lutwyche's b.f. Young May Moon-by Yattendon-May Queen ; Judge Lutwyche s b.f. Maryland-by Maribyrnong - Sylvia ; Mr. E. White's b.c. Thunderbolt--by Charlton Formosa;Mr. J. Murphy'sb.c.Ohio-byCharl ton-Freetrader ; Mr. J. Finnie's b.c. The Duke -by Lord of thc Downs-Eva; Mr. H. J. Smith's ch. Janitor-by Kelpie- Juanita ; Mr. K. Harvey junior's b.c. Cormee-by Master Magus-Madeira ; Mr. W. B. Murphy's b. or br.c. W.B.M. - by Ace of Clubs - Mar- chioness. At a meeting of thc committee of tho Queensland Turf Club, held on tho afternoon of January 21, the programme for tho autumn meeting in May was arranged. It was decided to offer, amongst other events, prizes of £300 for thc Brisbane Cup ; of £150 for the Queensland Turf Club Handicap ; of £100 for the Mares' Produce Stakes, and of £75 for the Maiden Plate. Tho total amount to be contested for at the meeting will be nearly £900. The programme of the annual meeting of the North Australian Jockey Club, to be held at Ipswich on thc ll th and 12th of May, has been published. The principal events will be the Korth Australian Jockey Club Grand Handicap of 250 sovs., with a sweep of 10 BOYS, each added for starters ; two mileB ; and the Ipswich Town Plate, of 200 sovs., with a sweep of 7 sovs. each added for starters ; one mile and a-half. There are-five events for each day. Thc Victorians are well-known not to bo ignorant of the art of doing things, and tho autumn programme just issued by the V.R.C. fully bears out the reputation of our southern friends. The meeting is to commence in. Saturday, thc 5th March, and business is startet! with a hurdle race of 10 sovs. each, with 200 sovs. added. The Ascot Vale States, for two-year-olds, follows. Next comes thc Brunswick Stake of 150 sox's., with a sweep of S som added. Then the St Leger and Visitors' Plate. The latter race is for 100 sot's., the winner to be sold for 25 so va. The Keilor Stakes of 100 sovs., a weight for ace race, concludes the first day's pro- gramme. On the second day thc first race is the Selling Maiden Stakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 added, thc winner to bc sold for £100. The Sires' Produce Stakes for two year-olds is second on the hst, and tho Grand Stand Stakes, of 10 sovs. each, with 200 sovs. . added, follows ; this is a weight for age race, with penalties for winners. This will be suc- ceeded by the Australian Cup, and thon comes the £100 Plate, the winner to be sold for £50. A Hurdle Race, of 100 sors., 2 miles, brings the second day's racing to a conclusion. On the third day the Nursery Handicap, of 150 sovs., is followed by the Helter Skelter (another selling race), to which the sum of 50 sovs. is added. Then we have the Newmarket Handicap of SOOBOVB., after which comes the Town Plate of 15 sovs. each, i with 500 sovs. added, weight for age, over 2 miles. The Steeplechase for 300 sovs., and Handicap for three and four year olds will conclude the meeting. £3400 is the amount of added money. After a glowing description of tho many conquests made by the game old Dagworth during hiB racing career, " Augur " Bays : " He was then put through the mill for the Champion Stakes, with what result is now well known It was pitiable to see the poor old fDow struggling in the rear, but with that domitable gameness which characterised him through his career, he galloped on until bis leg gave way, and be then fell. Why bc was persevered with when all pursuit was hopeless waa inexplicable to me. I believe Mr. Fisher had made arrangements to deliver him, after tho Champion Stakes, to a Queensland pur- chaser for £1200, but the accident which befel the horse put an erfd to the bargain, and Mr. Fisher therefore had to bear the loss." "Writing on the same subject "Venison" in the Courier says :-But so it seems to be, that nearly all good racehorses out here get but little of the consideration they ought to have. Old Tarragon, after winning some good tbree ' mile races in his prime, was pitted in hiB old age against such fresh young "tigers" as Cossack and Bylong, and " was much distressed . at the finish " of his last three-mile spin. And no wonder either, poor fellow. Yattendon, too, waa trotted out against North Australian, in the Randwick Plate of 1807, when he ought to have been on the shelf. And so on with Hamlet, Javelin, Dagworth, and others. They never get in time the well-earned leisure \- they deserve. A racehorse's only safeguard against inhuman and greedy owners in Aus- tralia, running him beyond his powers, seems to be in having a "sbickery " set of legs, such as those which sent Fishhook, Lecturer, and other flyers to the stud before their hearts got broken by too much racing. 