A TUBS IN FOETTJNE. .Tas time i» ?hort, noir, Harry my bay. Tl captain'* OD tba bridge ; eteam well up ; and tb men reidy to out off tba mooringa at a won TH leavre Dora and you alone for a bit ¡ bot yo mutt curtail your leave-taking, I warn yon, f< it would never do for myaelf and the girl to t carried off to Alexandria, or even aa fi Gib'^-So saying, bluCf, good-natured D Davenport, whoa« own beat dayi had been ipei on blue water, aa the tea-going mrgeon of th or that frigate, turned on bia heel and walk« towardi tbe helm. Dora's trustful, tearful eyes met mine. ' i Harry, come back soon to me 1' sbe murmurei with trembling lips i ' and ab 1 dear, take care i yourself in that strange land that you are goii to. I have heard such dreadful things' And shs paused, sobbing. ' Dreadful thing?, I am sure,' said I langhin as I pressed her little band, ' about Japan an its two-sworded gentry, that chop Europeans I mince-meat. Don't fear (or me, my darling remember that the country is not strange to m I talk tbs lsngusge, after a fashion, and ha' found the natives, on the whole, a decent set i Îieople when fairly dealt by. Come, we'll bol ook forward, cbnrily, to the time when, i three short years or so, you and I can ' ' There goes tbs bell; now for the ebon cried the doctor, hurrying up, snd drawing h daughter's arm within his own, in the midst i general bustle and confusion. ' Hay God bl» you, lad, and send yon safe back.-Noi Dora.' There were other partings than oura tekm place et that moment on the deck of tl Alcestis, P. and 0. steamer, outwsrd-bounc from Southampton-partings between weepin wifes and the browed husbands, going out agai to India, and whoo, perhaps, they might nevi see again ; between parents and children, frionc ?nd brothers, but so far as I know, of ii affianced lovers save our two young selves. 1 teat a wrench to the heart-strings slthough tried at the time to make light of it, or to seei to do so, that sad ' good-bye,' but it was soo over. Those who nad" come on board to bi farewell to outgoing passengers were bustle back over the plank that led to the quay-; tb plank was withdrawn, the ropes oast off. ' Go on ahead, there I Keep her away ! Hal speed ; sud amidst the waving of bats and hand kerchiefs, off went the swift steamer, bound fo the East. The story, np to this point, lies in a nutshell I, Henry, mora commonly styled Harry, Hat land, had been at sn early age sent to sea, Brs as midshipman to an Indiaman, and then a mate, and had worked my way on to be fin officer of mora than one fine vessel trading ii the China seas. I was nine-and-twenty when came bsok from Jspan, and, taking a holiday t visit my old grandmother, the last survivor o my immediate relations, at Rose Bank, Cleve stead, Somersetshire, fell in love Dora Daven por^lhedoctor'syoungestdaughter.Bnd found m; ¡ova returned. What was to be done ? I bal nothing but my own exertions on whioh ti depend, and could rarely count on earning mon than two hundred a year. Dora was as poor a she was good and pretty. The honest docto had five children to maintain, and could span ns nsver a sixpence towards our future house keeping. Nor had I any of those testamentar; prospects which brighten the rugged road o many a needy man. My grandmother, good kind soul, could leave me nothing. Her lin; moonie, sn annuity, bought years ago with tbi relics and scraping) of our former property, o oonrse died with ber. We Harland* had beei .mall squires in our day, estated country gentle men, though the seres had been few, and i took but one spendthrift owner of the Orangi to bring the lands to the anetion-msrt. How was I to marry Dora P I could not fini it in my heart to condemn the dear girl to a lifi of privations, in some seaport, on the meagre sub .istsnoe to be derived from' drawing a monthly portion of my modest pay. It seemed to bi better, by far better, to forsake the sea for a time and to settle down in some well-remuneralec shore-going employaient, at the other side o the world. For such a post, habit, joined witt some aptitude for picking up foreign tongues, snd appreciating out-landisl customs, qualified me fairly well. Foi four months I had kept the books of a firm at Hongkong, and my employers were sorry tc part with me, and more than once wrote to say that the ' godown ' coolies had never been sa tractable, or the ' bong ' so regularly ia working order, sines my departure. Then for a longer .pace, I had commanded a Chinese Clyde-built steamer, the Firefly, and only left her when I found that the pig-tailed owners expeoted their captain to combine a little piraoy and arson with a spice of smuggling where I had looked for nothing but legitimate trade. Fortunally, an old friend of my father's had recommended me lo the notice of a wealthy English firm. Parker and Mills, lately established in Japan, and who were willing to bid high for a really trustworthy clerk, cspableof transacting business with suspicious nstive customers, and of con- ciliating the prond and jealous feudal lords, whose bare word could at any moment paralyse foreign commerce in tha lesser isles. The liberal salary, and still mora the pro- spective partnership, proffered by Parker and Ililli proved irresistible temptations to a man in my position. _ At managing clerk I should receive, in English money, nearly four huodered » year ; and hopes were held oat to ms, should I succeed in raising the yearly receipts of the firm to a sufficient amount, that in 'about' three years I mighi be allowed a share in the profits. But to seoure this apointment it was absolutely necessary that I should be at Nagasaki on November 1 of the current year, a period when by Iocs) custom, accounts are squared, balances ere paid, and a great deal of cash changes bands. Tbe firm declined to wait longer thin the specified time, which, after all Stve me all reasonable latitude for arriving in, apsn. My travelling expense* were defrayed by Parker and Milli i and altogether (be pros- pects which lay before me seemed fair enough. When once I should be a member of the ' house,' Dora and I could pitch onr tent matrimonial, without running any rick of hard- ships, in the strongs new land that was but yesterday thrown open to the encroaching West. She and ber fal her had come os far as Southamp- ton to see me oft", and bid me farewell on the deck ol the steamer that was to waft me along the first sloge of tbs watery high-road that led to fortune. The Mediterranean voysgp, the transist to Baee, the deeeeat of the Bed Sos, and the doubling of Cape Comorin, were all effected in uneventful comfort. But at Point-de-Qalle a disappointment did occur. Tbs regular packet that should have been ready to convey mails and passengers Japan-wards, bad sustained, on the eve of sai ing, a severe accident to her machiuprv, oemsioning a vexatious but unavoid- able delay. Some of the outwardbound seemed scarcely sorr> to have so good an excuse for a ramble on shore, and a short sojourn in the luxurious climate of Ceylon ; but I, with one or two otb> rs who were eager to reach their des- tination, mn de immediate inquiries ai to the quickest means of getting to the end of my joDrney. 'I icBtcrU know what to recommend, just at this moment,' mid t]le good- humoured agent of the Peniriiul'.r and Oriental. 'If it were for Shanghai nf for Ho"g-kong tbat you wanted a passage, thu . »oiild be no .difficulty all ; but Japan ir »n tlur matter Stay ; to be sure there it the Samy Waid, clearing out for Nagasaki harbour vu h m unsorted cargo. A crank boat, but very f< < «u.i »¡th fair weather and smooth seas will nmk n run at racing speed. Her passenger accommodation, I suspect, ii nona of the best ; bot old Captain HarrU ii not a bad .ort oí «kipper, when you understand hil wey«, and ba won't overcharge you for the trip." I found on inquiry that the Saucy Maid wai a clipper-built barque, with very tall mutt, and powerful auxiliary engine», to force her along in oaie of contrary windi or a calm. There wai but one berth vacant in the email cabin- space allotted to pauengera, and thia wai yielded up to me without a murmur by tay former com- panion!, who looked with dinney on cramped quarter'i with which voyagera in the clipper were compelled to be content. I wai a tailor, however and had len fear of roughing it in the veuel not built with any par- ticular regard to passenger'* comforts than might have been excluante in a landsman. There could be no doubt ai to the Ssuoy Maid's eeren- leagned abilities of covering a stretch of sea, were the weather but favourable % while gruff Captain Hans, a rum-drinking veteran of the old school, was tolerably civil as soon as he learned that my own youth had been spent upon the ooean. For the rest of his passengers, who were, to use his own phrase, 'a queer lot-Parsee brovers, Armenian bagmen, and half-oast Portu- guese from Goa'-he had a contempt that he did not esra to conceal. Nor were bis orew by any means such as a prudent commander would desire to rely on in moments of danger. There were too many Lucan and Chinamen, and the European sailors were chiefly foreign seamen from the north of Europe, patient docile fellows enough, but not quite the sort of stuff one cares to have near one st a pinch. The weather was, J however, beautifully fine, and on niling, we soon saw the low blue line of the Ceylon ooaat hull-down in the distance. ' If the wind holde,' said tbe skipper, ss we walked the deck together, ' why Mr. Harland, you'll sight the tall peak of Fuiihama in fewer days from the time we manned the capstan to weigh anchor, than if the mail-steamer bad not been crippled in gear. I've been on this line, now, for nine years, and wonderful luck the old barky has had, I can tell you. Look how every sail draws, and how the water boils beneath ber counter I' But the luck of the Saucy Maid was destined to interruption. The fair breeze died away, and was succeeded by baffling-winds, with the usual accompaniments of annoyance, tedium, and sea- sickness among the landsmen on board. The strong auxiliary engines carried us, in spite of tbe elements, through tbe water, but the con- sumption of coal was so great, that when a dead calm mada our sails quite useless, the captain thought it best to bear up for the coast of the great island of Formosa, in hopes there to obtain a fresh supply of fuel from some one of the vessels likely to be then lying in the sheltered bay of Ilima. Coal bought under such circum- stances was likely to prove a costly purchase, j but time wes to value also, and Captain Harris did not hesitate. Unfortunately, as it appeared, not one of the few steam-ships which, along with a far greater number of sailing-vessel! of every rig and nstion, lay becalmed ia Ilima roadstead and haven, could sparetous,atanyprioe,atonoftheprecious black diamonds, without which our engines were mere inert lumber. There was nothing for it but to wait, and, ai the touch old skipper .aid, ' whistle for a wind.' Under this disappoint- ment, the worst side of the captain's nature oame uppermost. He was an illiterate old sea-dog of tbe Commodore Trunnion sort, and in idleness knew no solace but the bottle. He was quarrel- some, too, in his cups, insulting the passengen, cuffing and cursing ai he went among the crew, and leaving the care of the Saucy Maid to his first-mete, s quiet-looking young German from Bremen. j In the natural harbour, a rocky basin, almost landlocked, and overlooked by the sterile moon tains of the Interior, lay junks, lorchas, and proas, manned by dusky or yellow-skinned mariners of every nation from Malacca to the Corea, and with them were mingled European and Amerioan craft of different sizes, the finest of all being a huge American three-master, the .now-white decks of whioh, snd the excellent band of muBic which played st evening on her poop, often caused me to contrast the pleasant existence of her passengers with that which we perforce led on board the barque. She wai indeed a fine ship, one of those giant clippers that csu keep pace with even a steamer, when a fair wind fills their aerea of swelling canvas, and wai reputed to have a valuable freight. Shs was called, as the inscription in gold and oolours on ber item informed all and inndry, the Henry Clay, bound for Japanese waters, and, like ourselves, awaiting the end of the calm. I was standing near the taffrail, one sultry afternoon, when the surface of the sea wai as smooth snd unruffled ai a mirror, and looking up at the savage heights that frowned on the western horizon, my mind was dwelling on the barbsrous tribes that still, in their rugged fsst nesscB, bade defiance alike to Chinese cunning and European civilisation, and now reverting te quiet Clevestead, where doubtless my Dora was thiikiog of, and perhaps praying for me, when I felt a twitch at my sleeve, and looking round, saw beeide me a lean little old tailor, whose jaunty jacket of white duck contrasted oddly with bil weather-beatenoomplexion. Jerry was a broken-down man-of-war's man, once a petty officer on board a Queen's ship, but whose drunken habits had caused him to low his rating, yet who, when kept from frog, was to my judgment, tbe beat man on board the barque. Many a chat had I bad with Jerry, but now there was sn anxious expression in his thinking eyes that I had never seen in them before ; I noticed, too, that there was an ugly cut on his left elbow, from which the blood was trinkling. ' Hist 1 speak low, Mr. Harland,' said the man, in cautious tones. ' I'd rather not be over- heard in what I have to say. He said, when he gave me this'-pointing to the gash on his brow-'that it was to cure ms of croaking.' ' A smart knock it must hare been,' said I, perplexedly. ' Who gsve it f ' Hush I the skipper,' whispered the sailor. ' He's like a madman, when deep in liquor, and be has been at the rum-bottle since noon. He gave me that, with his brass knuckle-duster, because I made bold to cell bis attention to what you see out there in the offing.' And aa Jerry pointed, I could faintly distinguished a long, low, leaden-tinted line on the horizon. ' ïbu're a seaman, sir. Do you know what's meant by that V asked Jerry, turning in his mouth tbs quid that he was sucking I was obliged to confess that I did not. Nor by that ?' he demanded, ss the smooth snrfscs of the sss, a mile or out, Buddently became blackened and ruffled. ' Not I my old friend,' I answered ; ' unless it indicate the coming wind. ' There'll be wind enough, your honour,' said Jerry dryly. 1 Tour a seaman, Mr. Harland, as I said before, and ought to bave an eye for what's coming.' It wai in vain, however, that I swept the horizon with my practised glance, endeavouring to descry the ordinary forerunners of dirty weather. The old seaman gave a grim chuckle, ss if in exultation at his superior acuteness. 'You're seen what a gale's like, Mr Harland, of course, and a blaok squall, and a white one, may be, though that's ?career. Did yon ever see what a typhoon was like P' ' A typhoon P' I repeated after him, cudgelling my memory as to what I had beard concerning tbis, the legendary terror of the China seas. * No disgrace to yon, air, that you're not,' re- turned Jerry, in the asme cautious tone as before. ' By Heaven's mercy, they are oftener talked of than felt I He*-jerking his thumb towards the hatchway of the captain'! cabin ' never came in for one either, and Strock me, and cursed me for Jonah, «hen I begged bini to let go another anchor, that we might hare at j least a chance of riding it ont. You'll see a j pitiful sight, air, presently-that is, if you are ! ?pared. Them junks and proas might os well he nutshells when, the rollen set in. And look at the Yankee captain, how be keeps his ship, the canvas brailed, not reefed, and cloth enough set to carry her and all aboard into the next world, as it's likely to do before morning 1' The old man shuffled off, and I felt exceedingly uncomfortable. With Captain Harris, since he bad given way to his unlucky habits of drunken- ness, I was not on very cordial terms, nor could I hops to bring the aullen, half- intoxicated com- mander of the vessel to take precautions against the coming evil. Nor was I quite sure that the evil would, after au, come to pass. The oafs paw that had roughened the water had passed away, and all was bright again, save where the leaden-coloured streak lay to seaward. I opened my heart however, to the first-officer, afr. Ernst : but although the civil-spoken young German beard me patiently to an end, and looked intently out for signs of s storm, I could not induce him lo press his advice upon the ?kipper, or to take on himself the responsibility of dropping another anchor. On one point, a minor one, I did prevail. Tbe topsails were hanging loose from yard and clewline, and these at my request, the mate caused to be close reefed, a step for which, an hour or two later, we had reason to be thankful ; when, on a sudden a great bustle and noise began among the Chinese junks in the harbour. We could heir drums and gongs and wild outcries, and could see the pig-tailed mariners beating their breasts and gesticulating with every mark of terror and discoloured cloud-bank, ewell until it rose skywards like a moving battlement, and pre- ceded hy a hissing sheet of snow-white foam. 'The typhoon! the typhoon!' cried a hundred voices, and then the babel of tongues was overpowered by the terrible roar of the mighty wind as it reached us, tearing up the sss, as the steam-plough eats its furrow through loose ?and, and throwing us on our beam ends with a violence that made every timber in the Saucy Maid quiver and groan like some hurt animal. We righted, however, after a time, and then indeed did I witness a spectacle suoh as the oldest seaman but rarely beholds. Masts were snaping on every hand, as easily as though they had been the dead branohes on the storm beaten tree ; cables were parting, bulwarks being washed away, and all ths sea around was strewn with wreck, water-casks, ben-coops, boats, and loose spars, mingled together in pell-mell con- fusion. Worsedsmage than this had, however, already been effected by the first onset of the typhoon, for half the native craft had foundered at their moorings, while the remainder were drifting before the gale, dragging their anchors, and in imminent danger of being dashed against the rocky sides of the haren. The European vessels were in better sase, but several of thom had lost booms and boats, and were tugging at their cables in a way that promised no good, unless the wind should abate. Of this, however, there sssmed no prospect, sines at each instant it appeared to blow harder i end ss the great green rollers, crested with foam, cane tumbling into tbs bay, I began to realise that our position was one of extreme peril. It must not be suppossd that we were idle spectators of this awful e?ene. On the contrary, some five or six of us, Jerry being prominent, contrived to olesr away snd let go tbs best bower-anchor, while even tba red- eyed skipper came on deck, almost sobered by the danger. Still the strain upon the cables was a fesrful one, and at every fresh jerk, as the huge wares lifted the bark, I dreaded lest they should give way altogether. ' Help, help ! For God's sake, belp I or we perish !' such was the startling outcry, uttered for the most part by female voices, which struck upon my ear, as a drifting vessel passed us. It wss the fine American ship Henry Clay, but bow changed! Her entire top hamper, mast and sail, stay and shroud, bsd been swept away j her bulwarks, figure-head, binnacle, and taffrail, rased by tbs furious Bea, and only her lower masts and bowsprit remained standing. On the deck, huddled together like frightened sheep, were the passengers, with some two or three sailors st most mingled with them. ' What bas happened on board ?' I called out, through the speaking-trumpet which I had snatched from the shaking hand of the drunken skipper. ' Where is your captain f' ' Drowned I' answered a man, who looked like a steward; speaking through bis outspread hands. ' Drowned in trying to prevent the crew from taking to the basts, which were ewsmped ss soon as they got clear of the ship's side. Help us, sir, or we shall go upon the rocks !' But to give efficient help was at that moment impossible, and the Henry Clay went past ur, on her road, as it seemed, to swift end certain destruction; Meanwnile many of the junks floated rapidly by, their lateen sails of plaited straw or striped cotton torn and flapping, while the wretches on board wallowed on the deck, in abject fear, call- ing on Fo to have mercy, and to drive away tba devouring dragon of the tempest. Some of these unlucky craft were dashed against one another until they settled down in the water , others were burled against shs rocky shore, and battered to pieoes. Some esosped the fatal rooks ss by a miracle, and drifted on, rotating before tbs force of the typhoon, which gradually veered towards the south. By tbis time we bsd managed lo get up from the hold a spare anchor, and to bend on it another cable, so that we had hopes of riding out tbs storm. The American ship, which had brushed so closely by the cliffs that a biscuit might hare been tossed on shore, came drifting past once more, and again the pleading cry was heard for ' help I oh, help !' 11 cannot bear this !' I exclaimed, turning to those on board of our own vessel t ' I cannot eec Christian men and women drown thus miserably for want of bearing a hand. Who volunteers to man the jolly-host, and board the American ship f1 Jerry and two English forecastle Jacks were the first to answer to the appeal : then came a fair-haired Swede, and a red-whiskered Dane, and a mulatto lad whom I had saved from punishment for some trifling breaoh during the voyage, and who wat grateful. Six oars, all told. There was nothing to be expected from the Lascars, benumbed by terror and the drenching spray ; or from tbs China- men, stuipfled in part by superstitious, alarms, and in part, by the drugs to which they had re- sorted as a physical means of lulling fear. The reit of the crew were bold and ready-witted enough to beck us ; bnt although Captain Harris growled at my putting ' hi« best hands' into unnecesiary danger, some spark of manly generosity was at lost kindled in the old toper's breast, and he waved his gold-laced cap as I grasped the tiller-ropes and bade the men push off, calling out, hoarsely : ' Well done, my lad ; If Td been twenty years younger, 1 ' I heard no more i bot I have never forgotten that picture during all the years that have since elapsed ; tbe vessel straining at her cables, the boat rising on the crest of the giant wave, the old man, his gray hairs bared, leaning over the shattered bulwark, and waving his cap towards us in sign of adieu. But at the time I thonght little of it, having need of all my steerman'a art to keep the frau boat from being swamped in the terrible sea through whioh we bad to pass. We had a desperate struggle, with the rollers, before we could reach the American, for the mulatto boy and Jerry were both too weak to be efficient rowers, and we were tossed and tumbled to and fro, as if the boat had been a shuttlecock bandied about between two mon- strous battledores, until I encouraged the men to a supreme effort, and reached the ship. Scarcely hid I est foot opon the deck of the Henry Clay before an unexpected phenomenon varied the elemental war. The howling wind coated, end» dead calm succeeded, doling which the wash of the tea, deep end hollow, and the far-off oriel of perishing aufferen, were elane audible. There wu something perplexing in the sadden transaction from a shrieking hurri- cane to absolute stillness. ' It's only ths heart of tbs typhoon : it won't last, sir,' observed Jerry gruffly, and I lost not a moment in doing what little I eould for the security of the vssssl. A Jury-mast wu rigged, a storm-nil and jib were set, and two of the sturdiest men posted at the wheel. Hardly had thia been done, when, with a hideous shriek, the tempest burst npon us again, this time blowing from a quarter opposite to that from which it had last mada ita force felt, and bore us resistlessly before it. The lady piisengers, who had till then believed themselves to be eared, and had been giviog thanks to Providence for their rescue, now recommenced their weill and lamen- tation!-and indeed the situation waa one of no pleasant character. The storm bsd begun again with fury unsated, and wherever the eye turned there were foundering vessels and a wild white sea. We wero being hurried towards a rocky headland, the most northerly point of the natural harbour of Illima, and beyond which lay the storm-beaten ocean, with ita low-lying canopy of livid cloud seeming almost to mingle with the driving scud. Were we once outside of this stoney barrier, a ohsnoe of ssfety, though but a poor one, remained to us ; whereas, if driven upon the reef our doom wai certain. I made up my mind at once to face the open sea. 'Haul away at sheet and brace I' I cried ¡ ' set another iib, forward there ; and yon at the helm, keep her away, yet a point away, do you bear I' 'Ay, ay, air I' answered the steersmen, with tbs mechanical obedience of trained hands ; but old Jerry exclaimed obeerily there's nothing like sea- room, my lads! Haul away with a will, every one of you, and get steerage-way upon her. By tbe mercy of heaven we rounded the headland narrowly escaping the fatal contact with the jagged rocks, and were in clear water. Once outside the harbour, I had time to glance around me; but on looking book to iba wreck strewn bay, I could see no signs of tho bark which I bad so lately left. In vain I swept the vessels bravely riding ont the gale, audjl diminished number of the native craft passively drifting under the force of the rollers and the wind ; but of the barque nothing. The Bauoy If aid wai gone! There was soanty time, how- ever, to wonder or to mourn aver tbe fate of those who had been on board of her. The charge of the ship of whioh I found myself acting commander, through so strange and sudden a catastrophe, waa no light barden. The Henry Clay reelad and careened to a fearful extent, as she flaw along with the speeof oTj> raoe-horse, clearing her way through the, heavy seas that constantly deluged her decks. It ont us some trouble to'induoe tbe terrified ladiej, j and such of the male passengers as aga or in . flrmity disqualified for exertion, to go below. , Of every available hand that could pull a rope i or tug at the spokes of the whirling wheel/ flfc , had sore nesd, and even then we were weaVlh numbera to work aa large a vessel as the A m tri ! oan clipper, and in weather euoh ss would have ' tested the endurance of the strongest crew. ! The remembrance of the next three days and I nighti hauDta my memory still, at interval, like : tbe confused details of a ghastly dream. I had i divided the men under my ordere into the -, watches, as usual, but for myself there wu no ] reit, lince I had no officer who could abare with ' me the responsibility of the arduous task which j had been, so to speak forced upon me. Always on deck, through darkness and daylight, through wind and rain, 1 worked hard to save the ship and the lives of those committed to my charte. . It was noslight labour. The foul weather-for on the skirts of the typhoon, rough seas and strong gales were encountered-was not the only. I enemy with whioh it behoved us to do battle. ' Some sinking junk had come violently into collision with the American three-master;, and I we bsd scarcely lott eight of the mountain j summits of Formosa before the carpenter re j ported an undue dept of water in the well, and I that a dangeraons leak, beyond his powers of j plugging hid been sprung. We fought long and I patiently to keep back this insidious foe ; the dank of the chain-pumps was incesaant, and even ladies lent their delicate hands to the toil, as worn out men reeled away for a short repujé ; but more than once it seemed, as though the water would win the victory, while eil on board were spent and weary, and it was evident that sn accident such es the snapping of a link, the choking of a" pump would send the Henry Clay to the bottom of the sea. And all this time we staggered on under such sail ks our im- provised masts would bear, over a howling wilderness of wares. Fine weather came nt last ; the wind abated, and after some trouble, I contrived to get a spare topsail lowered end secured across the leak, keeping out in great measure the influx of the green-bluo watrr, so that a moderate amount of labour at the pumps sufficed to free us from immediate dancer of sinking. I was able, too, for the Brat time, to take a solar observation, and after a brief calculation os to our where- abouts, I decided to bear up for EÍUBU, the most southerly island of the Japanese group, whioh could not ss I judged, be above two hundred miles distant. Our troubles were not yet qaite over, for a rickety jury-mast went by the board, carrying away with it two poor fellows who were washed to leeward and drowned without the possibility of rescue. However the prayers of those on board the Henry Clay were answered, and after another eight-and-forty hours of anxiety we sighted Kiueu, where Japanese pilots came off to guide us to our anchorage. How vividly it comes back to me now, the scene of oar arrival in the peaceful bay, the shores of which were studded with neat Japanese houars, ovorlooked by the peaks of blue inland mountains, several vessels of various flags lying at anchor, and a flotilla of boato con- taining sight-seers, native and foreign, among whom were Japanese ladies with fluttering fans and silken robes, hovering around the Henry Clay, whose battered state showed how narrow had been her escape from distruction. I re- member, too, that some officers from a British ; steam-corvette at moorings in the harbour came on board of us, and were shaking me by the 1 hind, and congratulating me, pointed out to them as I had been by the passengers of the great ship, the ladies among whom, ia their simple gratitude, insisted on speaking of me at their preserver. And then, on a sudden, my eyes appeared to grow dim, and all things swam before them, and the sound of friendly voices reached me only es a deep, indistinct hum, like that of bees, and I dropped down swooning on the dook. Fatigue and anxiety hod been too muoh for me, and before nightfall I was tossing to and fro in the delirium of a fever. When I recovered my aenses, I found myself, weak and ill indeed, but in a fair way towards recovery, ina cot which had been charitably assigned to ms on board H.M.8. Nautilus. Kind nursing, a skilful surgeon, and a robust con- stitution soon enabled me to be on deck again j and whsn the corvette was ordered round to Nagasaki harbour, I was let on shore, thinner and paler than when I hod left England, but well and fit for work. I found, however, with dismay, on presenting myself at the counting house of Messrs. Psrker and Mills, that my post wu now occupied by another. * Very sorry, indeed, Ur. Harland,' slid the senior partner, screwing np his parchment face into a grimace of what was meant for sympathy ; * but, you ses, men of business cannot afford to induise in sentiment. The vessel in which you were known to have left Ceylon haring been reported os lott in tbe typhoon, with all bandi, why, of count.' In «hort, under the very natural belief that I, the accepted candidate, had perished in the wreck of tbe Saucy Maid, Meurs. Parker and Milli bad filled up the vacancy. After all, though I was dead, I was wofnlly behind the stipulated time for my arrival in the merchants office, and bad no right to complain. Of all the many foreign adventurer! in that ¿apañe» seaport few, I suspect, carried with him a sadder or a heavier heart than I did,' as I left the counting-house of tho» who were to have been my employers, and strolled listlessly down to the besch. What was I to do ? The little cash I had would suffice to maintain me in idleness for a short time only ; and then not that I repined at the necessity-I must work for a living. A few weeks on shore, for the complete restoration of my health, I might allow myself, and then, no donbt, I should have to get afloat again ss sn officer on board some vessel in the coat ting- trade. But in resigning the bright hopes which had allured me to Nagasaki I felt as though I were relinquishing all prospeot of an early union and a happy borne with Dora, and that wai hard to bear. lu no way of which I could think could I be likely to realise a speedy competence. Bread my former profession could afford me, but not, for many a weary year at anyrate, the means to marry. And Dora was too delicate to be fitted for a life of actual poverty. ' Almost better,* I muttered to myself, as, with downcast eyes and bowed head, I paced to and fro the Battery, where a Japanese sentry in a trim blue uniform was mounting guard over the bright bron cannon that peered through the embrasures. ' Almost better if I bad gone down with Captain Harrjsand hiscrew in Dims Bar, asl was rumoured to bare done. Disappointment such as this can sting more bitterly than mere physical pain heaths power todo. Bythiatimo, foraught I know, the news of my death, may have been tele- graphed to Europe, and reached Dora. What a atablo her fond little heart the tidings will be, and although they are false, yet I nm a ruined man ; and not for long yean, if ever, can I hope to' ' Why, Estland, Harland ! Haven't you heard itf Not I see by your face, poor old boy, that you have not. Never mind ! Let me be the first to wish you joy 1' called out a frank, oheery, English voice, ss a young naval officer, with whom I had formed a sort of friendship while on board the corvette, came up panting and laughing, and took me by the hand. ' I've been looking for you high and low,' said the good-natured midshipman ; ' Bud eo, for that matter, have Gibson and Mildmiy. It's not always that fortune stands so well by a fellow who so thoroughly deserves it.' I stared in dumb surprise at tho speaker, whose words seemed under the actual circumstances of mv position, to be frsngbt with the most cruel irony. ' We set up a rattling cheer when we heard it,' continued young Egerton, fanning his heated forehead with his et'iw hat ¡ ' and old Sir Henry looked mast-headings and close arrests at us, until some one whispered that you hud been a shipmate of ours ar|d then the admiral was mollified. The oddest thing is that you were not present ¡ though, perhaps' -- ' But why, in the name of common-sense, should I have been there ? Or how, do you suppose, could all this have had any interest for me Í interupted I, staring at my blithe young friend. ' Well,' rejoined Egerton, looking, in his turn, surprised, ' you do take your good luok coolly, Harry. It isn't often, old mao, that such a windfall com»« in any fellow's way, and I'm afraid that I should not prove so philosophically indifferent, in your place, to the good things in store for me. Aa it is' I looked at tho lad with a sort of dull, puttied wonder. He and bis shipmates were, I felt assured, by far too generous-hearted to make a jest of my misfortune in losing my appoint- ment. And yet, what a satire on my baffled hopes wai this pretence of treating me as one of fortune's especial favourites I Then it occurred to me that the whole conversation must be based on some error or false assumption perhaps owing to a similarity of name. ' Borne mistake 1' I faltered out, with a sickly smile. ' Not a bit of it !' said the midshipman, de- cidedly. 'The American commodore on the station quite concurred in the award, snd the agents of the ownen of theHenry Olayadmitted it without grumbling. Why, Harland, any one would say that you were utterly unaware of your own olaim, for salvage-money, on the ship you saved, and the cargo of which was of enormous value. Seven thousand pounds, I own, make up a tidy sum, but not a dollar too much, considering bow near freight and ship were to Devy's locker, but for' - I think he said more, bat his voice louuded in my ears but indistinctly, and my eyes grew dim, as I reeled on my feet, snd should have fallen, but for Egerton's supporting arm. When I recovered from this momentary weakness, I rallied my wits, and was able to learn the troth. . It was a fact, that in bringing the American vesial safe into port, I bad never contemplated the idea of any pecuniary advan- tage to myself. My first care, on landing, had been to seek out Messrs. Parker and Mills, and to their counting-house my first visit had been paid. It was indeed news to me that the Court of Admiralty, or rather tho local tribunal of the naval station, had allotted to me the large sum quoted, as my just share of the salvage of the Henry Clay, smaller rewards being assigned to Jerry and the other soilors. Nor was this all, for the gratitude of the {lossengers for their préservation from peril bad ed them to subscribe a aum of no less than fifteen hundred pounds as a testimonial to my- self for the cernee rendered ; and this, though with lome scruples, I wai persuaded to acoept. That I returned home at onoe may well be conjectured ; but having, in the bustle of the moment, omitted to write or telegraph the tiding! of my safety, I bunt into Dr. Davenoorf s quiet dwelling at Clerestead with somewhat of the startling effect of a melodramatic ghost, and poor tittle Dora fainted outright at the sight of me. My darling-she was looking thin and pile, hut happiness soon brought back the rose to her ohetks, and the brightness to her eyes forgave me the thoughtlessness which had caused her some weeks of csrking care ; and two months i later, we were marriod with the consent of all concerned. The money, which was in due course made over to me by the owners of the Henry Clay, enabled me to set up in business as a thriving ship-owner ¡ and since that time I hsre commanded s fine vesiel of my own. Bod hare made prosperous voyages, but none which bas effaced the memory of my desperate struggle for life on bosrd the American ship, Henry Clay. -Chamberí's Journal. 