CHAPTER III. Tho snow luy deep upon the ground, and the white flukes covered the ivy-ehul roof of n Finnli though comfortable residence in tho old fashioned village of Oakworlb, rituntcd in one of tho midland counties of old England. The bare branches of the oak tree which grew on tho village green, almost immediately in front of the house, stretched forth into the darkness like the arms of a gigantic ghost, draped in white. A keen easterly wind howled through tho adjoiuiug forest, carrying with it sharp penetrating crystals, which sorely tried the toxture of the skin of two youths, who were battling willi the breeze in the open road leading to tho village. One was a tall, robust lad of about sixteen years, whose broad chest and sturdy limbs seemed equal to any weather; while the other, about a year his junior, was a delicate child, whose frail organization seemed imperilled by the circumstances in which lie was placed. Tho blustering wind, driving in fitful gusts, almost carried the smaller boy away before it, but protected by the strong arm and sturdy body of his coinpuuion, he was enabled to hold his ground. 44 Hold on to me, Handy," said the elder; " and we shall get through it all right. For my part, I could stand the wind well enough ; hut the sharp sleet seems to cut my face to pieces. Have you covered your head up as X told you V " " Yes, Tom," replied the little fellow. u STy face is right enough; but the wind seems to hit mo in the chest like a hummer—sometimes it takes my breath clean away. Are wo near home now ? " " Yes, Nandy, here's the gate; we shall soon bo comfortable." 44 13ut you will havo to return alone, Tom," I remarked Nandy; 44 and that will be terrible." , "Not a bit of it! Handy," said the elder. " The wind will be in my back, and I shall sail homo like a ship; that'll he fine fun. Now, don't tako tho cloak from your face until we get into tho door way. Here we are; givome your hand." Knocking loudly at the door of the house we have indicated, the two lads awaited its opening; and then shaking the snow from their boots and cloaks, they took off their hats and entered u small cozy room. 44 Well, Nandjsaid a tail, stout man, who was seated ut a table which was drawn near tho fire, 44 so you are home again. I scarcely expected you to-night, as I lTnew it was not tho 6ort of one for a youth like vou to travel "I was almost afraid to venture, Papa," said the youth, 14 but as Tom offered to come with me, wc made a bold rush for it, and here we 44 And Tom s a tine fellow for his pains," 1 observed the old gentleman, and shall have some hot gro* for his trouble. And how arc you, Tom, and your father and mother ? All well, 1 hope?" iad AU WCl1'tlmnk 5 °U' Mr' Grit " relllicd the Meanwhile Nandy lmd passed round the table, to salute two gentlemen, who wore seated on the other side. " llow flu you do, Mr. Hylundsaid he, as ho hold out Ins small, white hand towards a eme-noscd, ruddy-faced, stout man, who was almost hidden in the cloud of tobucco smoke lie had raised around him. 44 All right, lad, thunkco," responded lie, as he gaye the lad 9 hand a squeeze that brought | the tears into his eyea. " Are yon well r" 44 Bettor than I have been for a long while," replied tho iad, as he approached tho other geittlcmuii. This was one of the most impor tant ijersouages in the village, perhaps the hiost important. Ho was the doctor of the district, which was a very extensivo one, and was looked upon as an individual I •u' vast, learning, as well as a shining light in his profession. Ho was certainly a shrewd man, and well versed in the current t pies of the day; while his manner, which was p-nderous and impressive, gave weight to opinions which might have been considered open to discussion. ""Raising his eyes from the imtemplution of tho tableeovcr before him, ho ."turned Nandy's salute with some warmth, mul at tho same timo eying liini professionally, eave it as his opinion that his little change had lone him good. Tho little change referred to was a visit of a f oil nt the putornnl residence of his friend Ami Brown, which was situated about two miles away irom his own homo. During this visit Nandy hud been made much of by Tom's mother, who was one of those kindly old souls, [who seem to consider it their peculiar mission llo physic and attend to tho sick. It did not [mutter what tho complaint might havo been, |sh<* was equal to the whole range of ,di>ordcrn, from a cold in tho head to con sumption. Sho was never at a loss what to do and never failed to do it. Nandy, therefore, had been an interesting subject for her euro [ami treatment, and certainly ho had derived 'considerable benefit from it, and was, us Doctor Pustule had observed, considerably tho [buttor for his visit. ; The party had just settled themselves if tor tho arrival of the lads, when the door moned, and a little thin-faced woman, with mail, half-closed eyes, thin hair, and spare figure, entered the room, and rushing up to Handy, seized him in her arms, and covered his Small white face with kisses. "Thank yon, Tom Brown, for bringing my hoy back to me," said she, as she shook hands with tho sturdy fanner's son; " and for bring ing him hack so well. Please thank your dear mother for her earo of him." Tom, though a big boy for liis' age, was but a small boy in his manners when brought into contact with men and women, and was always at a loss for reply when personally addressed in company; ho therefore merely raised a shoulder, placed his head on one side, and looked contused at Mrs. Grit's address. " J have had a nice fire rondo in your room Handy, dear," continued she, and " I think it would he better for you to go to bed at once, after such a long walk on such a night: and you will wake up in the morning qnito well, and bo ready to enjoy your Christmas treat. And 1 think, Tom dear, you hud better go with him, it would norer do for you to walk all that way again, aud yon can sleop with Nandy you know, and bo very comfortable. If you like you can get up early, and go home, it' will he fur better than venturing the long jouraov to- night. Good Gracious.' how the wind does blow to be sure, and that old tree creaks and groans like some ono in pain." Tom, who seemed to think the proposal to re main was an attack upon a courage he was proud of, assured the old lady, tliat he didn't mind the walk a bit, and that he was expected homo that night. That being the case, then," said' Mr. Grit, " it will never do to remain, so my advice is,: have some of this, and run home as fast as von ' can." So savins, the old gentleman mixed a small j glass of whisky, hot and sweet, which lie handed to the lad, with the injunction to toss) it oif while it was hot. This command Tom endeavoured to obey at the cost of a scalded throat and considerable suffocation. Persisting 111 his task, he disposed of tho grog, and wrap ping himself in his cloak and muffler, he bade the whole party good night, and hurried out into the snow and darkness. He had not long left the house when Nandv was conveyed to his own room by his affection ate mother, and the three gentlemen were left to their pipes and grog as before. " Well, doctor," asked Mr. Grit, when thev were once more alone, " what do you think of -Nandy now f" ■ " I am of opinion," replied the doctor slowlv, "that your son's health is thoroughly re established, ^ and that every symptom of pulmonary disease has vanished. He is a little excited to-night, due to the rough walk and the cutting wind, doubtless." , "I™ glad to hear this, old friend!" said Mr. Grit, " as I have had a proposal from mv friend Soames, of the great firm of Soam»s, \\\ inker, and Co., of Fenchurch-street, London, to placo him in his office;' and, as this is too valuable an offer to be lightly disregarded, I think the present time a favourable opportunity to discuss it." "I don't believe in offices, for my part," remarked Mr. Hylaud, who was a renowned horse breeder," better let the lad'come with me, 111 make a man of him." "lour offer," observed Doctor Pustnle, "is a kind one; hut, inthiBcasc, I must humbly intrude an opinion: it is not by any means a calling suitable to tho physical or mental capacity of my friend Grit's only son. Were he a lad, now, like young Brown, I should cer tainly have backed yonr wish. But, reverting to Mr. Soames' offer, I am inclined to' agree with you, Grit, that it deserves the best con sideration. A house like that, sir 1 standing in (ront rank of that noble phalanx of modern civilizers, the commercial community of our glorious country, is a school for a lad of your son's parts, which would devclope his genius to tho highest pitch; and enable him eventually, to take that position in tho world which the son of such a father—pardon me, my friend .' the son of such a father, I will' sav, may naturally aspire to." "Thank you, doctor, thank you," said the flattered parent. " If that is your view of the case, I have nothing more to say, and will at once accept my friend Soames' kind offer. But; do yon think tho calling ono that would agree with Ferdinand's rather delicate constitution r do you think the confinement, and' continued strain upon his mental'power " _ " Put all those considerations ou one side,. I Grit," interrupted tho doctor. " f am thoroughly acquainted with my young friend's | constitution, nnd passed the whole matter in review as .I spoke. The calling h» eminently anitcd to him in every way,.nnd while, at first, his duties would bo light, "aud, to ?/ certain ex tent, irresponsible, his association with his follow clerks, and tho enjoyment with them of the innocent amusement which a lad of his amiable and well balanced temperament would readily find, would undoubtedly be of the utmost benefit to him.." " But, doctor," put in Mr. HyUmd, " there are lots of pleasures indulged in bv the vouth of London, that are not so innocont," and a pretty state of mind our friend Grit would get into, if his only son happened to partake of them." "I could trust ray son anywhorc, neigh hour," urged the father, with, however, u slight fooling at his heart which made his hold asser tion not quite so forcible ub he had meant it to be. " Ho doubt, Grit,"" persisted Hylnml. " "We I all know how ho hits been brought up, and what caro you havo taken, regarding his morals, and all that sort of thing; hut you know as well as I do, that anyone can bo virtuous and good when there's no temptation to bo otherwiso. There are no temptations here; but how about London! that's tho rub." " But, bless my sonl! man," said the doctor, in a tone which left it to be inforrcd that this question also had mot with his profound con sideration, " the lad cannot always remain a lad ; if ho live, ho must he a man some dnv; and what does Milton say 1— The childhood shows tho man, As morning sUowb tho day. If the youth has been, as you admit, well brought up, and exhibits, as we all know, no evidences of vice of any kind, surely we must consider t?iat his manhood will in s'ome degree correspond with his youth. Of course we must make certain allowances for influences from which he is now exempt, but if his moral tone be assured, those influences will have but little effect upon him when they do attack him." " "Well said, Doctor," assented the father, "and it shall be our special duty to coufirm the good that is In him.*' " And keep him clear of tho whisky to start with," slily put in Hyland, who cognisant of Iiis osvn weakness, and how that weakness had affected his iifo, made bold to throw out the hint. "My boy can take his hot toddy of a winter's night,' as it is meant to be taken," crustily observed Mr. Grit. " T don't doubt (hat a hit," said Hyland, " I used to be able to do the same, nud now my nose is very blue, and my faco very red; and that isn't the worst of it either." " Really, Mr. Hvland," observed Doctor rustnle, who felt put down a bit by the horse, breeder's remarks, "you give us credit for very little discrimination, and knowledge of charac ter." " There are times. Doctor, when I feel deeply on account of youth about to make a start iu life, and when I can't help comparing lives, and thai sort of thing. I know what I am, and what T was. 1 don't, however, pretend, that I was ever the kind of lad young Nandy is; but I was a lad, nevertheless, and an averago sort of one too, with nothing remarkably had about tno; and I might have been a step or two t higher in the social scale but for —" | "There now, Ilvland," interrupted Grit, "you need not say any more. If you do now I and then gfct a little queer, and say and do dis | agreeable things under the influence of your favourite weakness, you are what yott were as | a boy, a very fair average; and moreover, a man whom both the doctor and myself think i very highly of." " That's more from kindness of heart than judgment," observed Hyland. " Well, don't sav any more on the subject. We will decide that Xandy is to go to London ami leara to bo a merchant; eb, doctor ?" "Just so." And Christmas eve passed over; and an other; and Xundy's career makes a correspond ing jump. 