UNHAPPY THOUGHTS. (From the Diarv of a Happy Man.) No. III. ay 5th. At breakfast jl note tnat tne storm is gathering. Amelia begins, — " Well, pray what steps do you intend to take ? To live here any longer is quite impossible." " Why ?" I ask. " Are you inhuman enough to wish me to remain here after what has occurred and die of fright ? Watch dogs, revol vers, or anything else, will be of little use in a place like this. The house is haunted. I have been reading about spirits in a book I found in the library, and there all these noises and sensations are tho roughly described and accounted for. Some one has been murder ed in this house, and buried under the kitchen flooring." " Bosh ! were we not the first tenants in the house?" "Yes. Then it must have been one of the workmen employed on the building." I try to smooth matters by saying, " My dear, this is too ridiculous to be entertained for a mo ment, and I have never heard anything so monstrous since the Kiama Ghost story and really we cannot afford to be constantly moving." This only called forth a flood of tears, and a torrent of Unhappy Thoughts concerning myself. " Where was the love I professed ? I could not afford to move ; but would rather see her die or driven into a lunatic asylum, than be put to the expense of a few shillings. " I begin to think (miserable matter that, as moving always is), that move we must ; but "if it is only for papers and correspondence— Unhappy Thought — will moving cure this or any other evil ? House-hunt ing is not a pleasant pastime (I am more like the hunted dingo than the hunter) — one is too gloomy, another not roomy, another in an unhealthy locality, and so on. May 8th. — At last, to all appearances, we settle on a " duck of a house," warm, cosy, and just the size, and in a fashionable neigli bourhood. The unpleasantness of moving over, hope to settle down to be quiet and to the working out of theories. Amelia seems to have forgotten and forgiven my horrible testiness. Was it not enough to try the patience of Job himself ? Now for gar dening and my theory of reforms : just enough mental and physical exertion to keep the human machine in perfect order. A fresh arrival in the shape of a tidy good looking servant bids fair to increase the domestic comforts. Amelia thinks the girl good looking, so do I; but, Unhappy Thought, express the sentiment. Amelia immediately becomes testy and glumpy — fact is she lias be come at once jealous. Unhappy Thought ! what next? This is certainly a " censure and want of confidence motion." (To he continued.) Legislative Assembly. — After a little more squabbling, the Premier moved the second reading of the Public Schools Bill, and then the Battle of the Factions commenced in good earnest. In spite of the ponderosity of the question, Mr. Punch is happy to state that hon. members comported themselves with exemplary decency, and dis charged their floods of educational platitudes with the gravity and solemnity of a patent centrifugal pumps. Mr. Punch regrets that more important matter does not permit him to chronicle the pre- ternaturally grave and decorous delivery of his old crony the Pre mier, the kaleidoscopic twistings of the hon. member for East Sydney, or the pugnacious prolusions of the irrepressible Dibbs, while the sym pathetic Toby sheds tears of sorrow at being unable to do — typo graphically — honour to the anti-parsonic denunciations of the humble and unobtrusive member for the working men of Sydney ; but, alas, it cannot be, and he can only hope that they may behave equally well in future, and then, probably, they may settle the educational future of the country shortly after doomsday. Thursday, March 9 th. Legislative Council. — Sir L. Innes moved a second reading of the Evidence Amendment Bill. He wished to give increased facilities for actions for breach of promise. He considered that the evidence of a person who had dined at a public table with another who had a friend who lived in the same street with a third person who thought, he or she, knew of a promise having been given, would be quite suffi- cent to procure a verdict and damages for the plaintiff. A good deal of contrary opinion seemed to exist on this head, but the Bill was finally committed. Legislative Assembly. — After the Premier moved the third reading of the Public Schools Bill, Don Quixote Stuart mounted his Denomi national Bosinante and tilted all around at the secularist windmills. He demolished Engineer Parkes, annihilated Miller Dibbs, and knocked into eternal smash the miller's boy, Piddington, after a fashion that must have warmed Archbishop Vaughan and Bishop Barker down to the cockles of their hearts, while Mr. Parkes and Mr. Lloyd looked as though thev had fallen into the jaws of the stocks, and felt more inclined to show the soles of their boots rather than the heels of their stockings. After a vast amount of oratory had been aired by various minor members of the opposing camps, the House felt in so depressed a condition that they were obliged to ad journ the debate, and since then the prices of bottled refreshments have taken an upward tendency. Friday, March 10th. Legislative Assembly. — On the motion of Mr. Farnell, the House went into committee on the Barristers' Admission Bill. Mr. H. C. Dangar thought that the difference between a barrister and a solicitor was so small, beingmuch the same as that between an alligator and acrocodile, that it would be unfair to the public to render it smaller, as people then wouldn't be able to tell t'other from which. Mr. Cameron thought he should like free trade in law, so that everybody might sue everybody else whenever they liked and plead their own causes, and pay no fees, Mr. Parkes moved a second reading of the Band- wick Toll Bill. He had been told that the Ministry intended to toll all the belles passing through the gate, a proceeding which he con sidered highly improper, and subversive of morality. After this, the House amused itself with a little consideration on the Vehicles Bill, in course of which the facts were elicited that the Transit Commissioners were in the habit of giving champagne luncheons to the bus proprie tors at their office in Phillip-street, and afterwards adjourning to the " Prince Imperial," that the cabbies were worse treated than slaves in Timbuctoo, that 'bus horses were fed upon butter barrels, and that hon. members had frequently seen the staves sticking through the skins of the said horses. Also that Mr. Davies thought that Messrs. Woods, Shortland, and Co. should be compelled to keep the streets of the city in a proper state of repair. 