Cj)c (£|roiucle. MONDAY , JANUARY 31, 1876. It lias turned out just as we thought it would. The Opposition claim the re turn of Mr. J ox ks for Viliiers and Uevtesbury as a triumnh. Much food may it do them, but how this can be the case, we do not yet exactly sec. Sir John O'Siiaxnasy is, 110 doubt, an object alike of their hatred and dread, and his rejection, may on that account, be a source of gratification to them. But have they any love for Mr. Joxes, and whether or not, what is likely, so far as they are concerned, to be the effect of his return ? First, and foremost, the majority in the House will be increased by two votes, the one gained by Mr. Jones, and the other lost by his predecessor, the late hon. Michael O'Grady. This does not seem to be any great ground for either satisfaction or triumph, unless we areto accept as gospel truth, the reasons which they themselves assign for it : — " Sir John O'Siianassy would be more likely to serve Sir James M'Culloch's designs by his reactionary devices, than Mr. Jones can do by sitting beside him." But what about the moral effect of Mr. Jones's return ? That, we sup pose, They must admit, if they can be brought to admit anything that tells against them, is an emphatic and abso lute verdict in Viliiers and Heytesbury in favor of the Ministry, a district in which this was as little likely to be ex hibited as in any other. For, it must be remembered, that Mr. Jones had a most powerful antagonist to fight against, and that no one standing for ward in the interests of the opposition would have stood the ghost of a chance. 80 fully, indeed, were they convinced of this themselves, that they had not the courage to attempt to bring any candidate to the front. It was not for Mr. Jones, as plain Mr. Jones, that a majority of nearly four hun dred was secured at Viliiers and Hey tesbury, but for Mr. Jones, as Com- misioner of Railways, an 1 as a member of the M'Cui.loch Governmchit. Had not the opposition lost all heart of succeeding, notwithstanding their empty boast of having the country at at their back, there was just as much reason why Mr. Berry should have gone down to Viliiers and Heytes bury to oppose Mr. Jones, as there was fur his going to Warrnambool to oppose Sir James M'Culloch, or for his going to Ballarat to oppose Mr. Jones. The Commissioner of Railways is not a less tormidable person now, than he was while the Ministerial elec tions were going on, but finding them selves in a hopeless minority, the Op position first allow the constituency of Viliiers and Heytesbury to be wrested out of their hands, without making an effort to preserve it, and when that is done, they say, " that they actually de clined to waste their political resources in contesting a comparatively small country constituency," although up- I j wards of two thousand votes were re- i corded at the election, and then brusquely enough add, that its loss is not of the least "political significance." They do not, indeed, go quite so far as the ibx with the grapes, which wore beyond his reach, but they are just as nnphilosophieal in their reasoning. " A dissolution is almost certain,'' they say, " to place the constituency at our dis posal at 110 distant date." It is all very well for the Opposition to seek to make a virtue of a necessity alter this fashion, but the return of the Commissioner of Railways for Viliiers and Heytesnury is one of the bitterest j pills they have had to swallow since j tney were driven from the Ministerial side of the House. This came, too, so close on the heels of the resignation, of Mr. Higinbotham, by which they were smitten down, as to have been a double blow to. them, from the effects -of which they must feel, that they have no chance whatever of a recovery. Taken I together, these two events — the return of Mr. Jones, and the resignation of Mr. UiGtNisoTH.ui— are the beginning of the em1. In the former, they meet with a powerful foe, in the latter, they lose an able, but somewhat uncertain ally. All is coming round just as the majority in the House must wish, albeit, not quite so fast. The first direct assault was made by the Government on the opposition on Thursday evening, and it was eminently successful. Sir James M'Culloeh moved that during the remainder of the session business be called 011 not later than 5 o'clock, his object being to afford the Government all the time possible to get through the business before them. Mr. Berry did not see much to object to in this, because the proceedings could be prolonged by moving the adjournment of the House, but the Speaker sharply told him, that ho could not, if Sir James's motion was carried, allow any motion for an adjournment to extend over five o'clock. Nothing could have taken Mr. Berry and his friends more by surprise, and " Our Member," the re doubted Mr. Longmore, denounced Sir James's motion as an attempt to " gag hon. members," when Mr. Service inter posed, wishing to know what was the object of the motion, to which Sir James replied, that it was the first of a series of motions to procure supplies, and that this would be done consti tutionally, but that he could not, at that stage of the business, be expected to disclose the whole of his plan. With this, Air. Service was satisfied, and was for allowing the business to proceed but the opposition resorted to their usual tactics of moving the adjournment of the House, which was negatived by eighteen to thirty-two, and the house went into committee. , Mr. Gaunson then moved that the Chairman do leave the chair, and an nounced his intention of continuing his address from that hour, midnight, until six -o'clock in the morning, but his strength failed him at half'- past five, after which Mr. W. C. Smith spoke until hall-past nine, and Mr. M'Kean took another hour, when the opposition being fairly " used up" allowed the motion to be carried without a division, and thus practically confessed them selves beaten. Let it not for a moment be supposed, however, that they will not return to the charge on the very first, and on every succeeding opportunity. They have been so often beaten, that they seem to like it, so much so that anything else would be quite a surprise to them. Quos deus v alt jnirdx-re, priiis dementat. Their condition is that of men laboring under some terrible hallucination. . They have for some time past been " beside themselves" — much greed, not much learning hav ing made them mad," and the majority in the House have had to put up with their mad freaks. But the Ministerial blood is up now, and the opposition will have to move out of the way, if they da not wish to be crushed to pieces. If they were not blind as bats, and mad as .March hares, they would not need to be told this. Mr. Higinbotham saw what was coming, and pusillanimously beat a r. treat. On the other hand, Mr. Ser vice stood his ground, and plainly told the opposition, that whichever side attempted to stop supplies constituted itself a public enemy," and should have none of his support. Yet the opposition are such lunatics as to affect to see no signs of their ultimate defeat in either of these things. " Our Member," in particular, seeks to make a personal matter of it. " When Sir James M'Culloeh was much more powerful" he says " than he now is, he did his level best to keep me outof Ripon and Hamp den, but the hon. gentleman failed at that time, as he will fail again." This is only a trifle less silly than Mr. Loug- more's offer a few days back of a hundred to one that he would be re turned for Ripon and Hampden at the next election. A little more of this braggadocio and he will turn himseli ouC without any assistance from any body else. What the opposition should do now if they had a grain of sense left, would he to "retrace their steps, and allow the business of the country to be proceeded with without further molestation. Mr. Service has pointed out how this may be done, without any loss of honor to themselves, but we are not at all : sanguine about their either following his advice or example. That gentleman reserves to himself the right, after supply has been granted, of dealing with every question as it arises on its own merits, and will listen to 110 such nonsense as that of the minority having a right to coerce the majority, either upon the question of a dissolution, or any other question. If Mr. Service had taken up this ground from the first, and spoken out boldly upon it, as he does now, there would have been less confusion in the House, and less mischief fur the opposition to repair. However, a right course is better adopted late than never, and although his advice and example may have little effect on the opposition j | ! | as a body, they may be fallowed by | some few stragglers, and the ranks of the opposition be thus further thinned. Indeed, more good will, in our opinion, I come out of the wildness of the late opposition than evil, when the financial prospects of the Government come to be fairly discussed, for Sir James M'Culloeh will be under no temptation to make concessions to a weakened opposition, which were one time dreaded, with the view of carrying his measures. Any power for evil the opposition were at one time supposed to possess, they have completely deprived themselves of, and they must, as an organised faction, soon become extinct. According to our latest Melbourne tele gram, the opposition are about to change their tactics. They are about to abandon tlieir obstructive policy, now that they find that they can no longer carry it out. Mr. Gaunson narrowly escaped a vote of censure at Ararat over it ou Friday, The weather has- been, intensely hot in Cainperdown during the last few days. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday were parti cularly so, with the sign of a thunderstorm 011 Saturday evening, which, however, wore off, and yesterday was as hot as any of the previous days. This has enabled our farmers to give the finishing touch to tlieir hay harvesting operations, and, as the ground was well saturated by the late heavy rains, there is no fear at present of the growth of the grass being stopped. A daring ease of house-breaking occurred late on Wednesday evening last at the lower end of Manifold-street, Camperdown, The house of Mr. .Hudson, opposite Mr. John Walls, J.P., was broken into, and a large quantity of wearing apparel was carried off. Suspicion at once fell on a man who passed through the township on Wednesday even ing, the first circus niglit, and Constable Hedburgh followed kim next day to Terang, and apprehended him with the stolen goods in his possession. He was in bed at the time of his apprehension, and gave as his name John Maloney, but this is not be lieved to be liis right name, as he has, we understand, given several others. On Friday, the prisoner was brought up at the Terang police court, remanded to Camper- down, and at once brought back by Constable Hedburgh. He will be brought up at the Police Court, Cainperdown, this morning, when his case will be disposed of. In our late notice of the signs' of progress in Camperdown, Mr. James Jackson reminds us that we forgot his brewery and cordial manufactory. That was quite an oversight on our part, Mr. Jackson's brewery and cordial manufactory having been added to the establishments of Camperdown. within the last twelvemonths. Mr. Fergusson requests us to correct an error appearing in the report of the meeting of 1 atepayers on Saturday week. Where he is made to say that the report of the Army- tag e appeal case in the Gee. Long Time was incorrect, it should have been the Getlong Advertiser. The applications of William Smith, Birre- gurra, and Hugh Mackinnon, (2) Cuadare, Colae, for Crown Grants, under section 3 1 of the Land Act, have been approved. Messrs. Fisken ami Gibson's Mortlake advertisement, and Mr. Samson's Torring- t/n House advertisement shall appear in our next. The Post-office Store, Woorndoo, is for sale by private contract. For particulars, see advertisement in another column. Mrs. Whitehead begs attention to the ac comodation she has for travellers and others at the Woorndoo Hotel, Woorndoo, and as sures us that every article supplied is of the best description, and that all who favor her with a call will receive that attention which has hitherto awaited them. See ad- i vertisement. Dennis Heunessy's application for a license of 3 acres, in the parish of Ellirainyt, Colac, has been approved. James Wickliffe's holding of 99a. Ir .20p., in the parish of Timboon, Camperdown district, is declared open for selection. A long list of Crown grants, leases, and licenses, lying at the Camperdown Receipt and Pay office, is advertised in the Gazette of Friday last. Gabriel Taylor's application for a license of 100 acres in the parish of Barwon Downs, Colac, and George ltovvland's for a license of la. 34p. in the same parish, under the 19th section of the Land Act, have been ap proved. John Ley's application for a license of 155 acres in the parish of Cooricj ong, Cam perdown, under the 47th section of the Land Act, has been approved. So have John Cawford's application for a license of 13,640 acres, near Apollo Bay, Colae, Am brose Bowles's for a license of 640 acres, parish of South Purrumbete, Camperdown, and Matthew Flood's for a license of 14a. 26p, parish of Irrewarre, Colac. Messrs. Richard Gibson and Co., report- that the heifer Roan Duchess, bought by Mr. Samuel Gardiner at the Colac sale for 2,200 guineas, dropped a red bull calf to the Earl of Geneva, on Wednesday last. The British Lire Stock Journal writes : — Mr. Richard Morton, of Australia, who re cently disposed of his herd there, went to the colonies from Skclsmcrgh-hall 20 years ago. He ha3 now returned, and purchased for himself a. residence in Kendal. H13 average when disposing of his herd by pri vate treaty, before leaving, is the largest ever realised. He sold to Messrs. Robert son, of Victoria, 37 animals for a total of £27,000, an average of £574 Js 4d. On the 23nl of February, 1875, Mr. Morton had a sale by auction, when 33 animals m ule £14, 305 iOs., or an average of £405 14s 2d each. Trulj7 Australia has .been a land flowing with "milk and honey" for Mr. Morton,. Messrs. Overend and Robb, says the Ararat Advertiser , have vigorously com menced upon the preliminaries for their work in connection with the Ararat to Hamilton railway, A good deal of timber necessary for offices ?nd other buildings has beeu delivered at the pumps, at Which place they mean to make a kind of depot. Some of their overseers have arrived, and it will not be long before a large number of hands will be employed upon the Ararat end of the line- Politics are not becoming more courteous. The Getlong A dvertiser describes certain hon. members — of course on the Ministeriel side — as " cowards, who would slink away at the very sight of a cow-hide." ! The sale of hh. William Rntledgc's Farn- ham Lincoln sheep, on Thursday neck at Werrongurtt, was largely attended by buyer from the whole of the Australian colonies, The prices realised were very satisfactory., : Lincoln crossbred rams went as high as £10, Farnham Lincoln crossbred eW'.s, four to five year o d ran up t four gume; a, a large number of or. -ssbreds, IS m mths old, averaging 16s. The horses sold well, the hacks fetching up to £40, The sale w; s conducted bv Messrs. Hepburn, Leonard, and Rugg, On Friday, the same firm held a sale of imported Lincoln slmep, cattle and horses, at Bryan O'Lynn, for Mr. 11. Phillips. There was a large attendance, but prices realised were not up to the owner s expectations. A considerable quantity of stock was b. audit in. Mr. P. Cameron pur chased three lambs for Tasmania, The Gee'ong Advertiser says that Mr Richardson, M.L.A, was very much worse on Sunday, but notwithstanding he knows lie canol reeover, he maintains his cheer fulness, and takes an interest in the political proceedings of the day. Oollingwood, enjoying a revenue of over £20,000 per annum has, on petition of the mayor and council, beeu gazetted "the city or Oollingwood," making fourth eity in Victoria. The Argus published, a few days back, an aec mat of the breaking out of "the black-death" in Melbourne, which quite startled some persons, until it was discovered that the account professed to be from the summary for Europe for December, 1878. Our state schools, siys the Geelong Adver tiser, were visited by the bailiffs on Friday, January the 21st, and desks, forms, and even blackboards, wtre in course of removal by the officers of the law, had not the head teacher paid the money under protest. The Water Supply department was the instigator of the levy. It appears that head teachers of state schools are allowed by the Education department a certain sum for school neces saries, including a supply of water. Since the introduction of water, and in consequence of a rate, this has been regarded by the bead teachers as beyond their ability to pay out of allowance made to them. The department, however, remained inexorable, and hence the proceedings referred to. Ihc children were all assembled in school at the time, and hence they bad a practical illustration of the laws of their country in a manner certainly not contemplated by the act which conferred on them the favour of free, secular, and compulsory education. 