WORRY AND ITS EFFECTS. : (" Scientific American.") To so ovory-day and common a stato . of mind as worry, ranging, as it may bo; from a passing "fit of tlio bluos" up to tho most poignant mental anxiety regarding lifo itsolf, littlo importance is popularly attached; and cspocialy amongst so excep- tionally nervous and rapid a people as tho Amorienns, tlio fact of a person succumb ing undor montnl strain is of too ordinary occurrohco to givo riso to extended com ment; To tho list of tho insano immured in asylums and brought thitlior through liorodituvy or by tlioir own oxcosscs, thousands aro added suffering with broken mindB induced by anxiety; but tho great majority of people thus affectod continuo 111 thoir places in socioty, by 110 moans lunatics or maniacs, nor idiots, but never theless of brain unsound in parts. Tho world sometimes dubs them "occontric;" and, if tlioy bo so distinguished, thoir odd habits, absence of mind, and like traits furnish rich material for tho biographer; in other cases tho cccontricitics _ become crimes,: and indweriminating justice may doolaro tlio lifo forfeited' bocauso of .the workings of hiddon faculties, uncontrollable because disorganised. Worry, then, is dangorous, moro so than tho alcohol which kills tlio drunkard; for tho latter involves a lasto and habiti whicli " may bo' put., aside; . tho. former is tho. croatuvo . . necessity, ' and creeps :i' insidiously iqto ' ovory inhn's "lifo. Its physiological effect, thcroforo, should bo clearly aiul adequately roalisod. And tho knowledge of tho ills may. in somo instances, provont tho oxistoncoof tlio cause.. During tho oarly stages of demotitia induced by mental anxiety, s 7\r- ,mi ..l tclla ua> his Diseases of Modern Lifo thoro is nothing moro than an increased tension of tho liiinuto vessels which supply, tho brain. Iu lator stages tho substanco of tho nor\ous .tissuo itself undergoes- a modification - by which its activity is poruianontly lost. ' These aro tlio physiological conscquonccs, most briofly summca up. Tho first symptom is a want, of full bodily vigor, then follows craving ; for , moro, work, , disturbed sloop, ncuto sonsitivoucss to external impvessions, and finally strango figures and. sounds aro soon aud hoard. This condition may continuo for years, and tho sufferer in timo may bogin to nccopt abnormal creations as natural. Dr. Richardson cites a caso of a morchant, ; who for a wcok retained iu his vision tho spcctro of throo lights, oval in Bhapo, of tho 8izo of mi egg, and so dearly dofinod' to tho observor that ho would watch thorn hulf-coiiaciously as thoy floated boforo : him 011 tho wall, the ceiling: or in space. : In this stage of the disease Tics 'tho ; foun dation of nil hypotheses of ghost-seeing, ' of ecstatic visions, and ovoii bf pootic frenzy. A curious instmico directly in point, which caiuc to our notico very ro- contly, is. that of a woll knoun writer 011 fcho "Press; who for some time past has dovotodiattcntion to tho subject of morbid montnl conditions. This guntloman, inn ! lettor to a daily journal, states himsolf to > bo tho victim of tho horrible spectacle of ' two mcu lianging from a gallows, n sight which ho oncoboncld whilo acting as acity1 roportcr. Tho suspondod corpses aro clearly brought boforo . him by tho 8ontia of rain (tlio execution occurred/ during a rainstorm), and also by the sound of laughter, sinco, . through somo uncon-. . , trollablo impulsd during tlio lianging, ho ' was induced to uttor an untimely peal' of . morrimbut. That tho writer's braiu is injiirod, possibl' by tlio oxccssivo montnl strain peculiar to liis profession, seems probable ; and tho lesion is manifested, as nlroadv described, bv tho constant rociir. ronco of tho apparition; It is a woll- -" known fact that wo liavoitwo natures, ono purely organic and emotional and tlio other subject to tlio reasoning powors." ' ' Tho organic nervous chain exists iu the body as a link botwoon' emotional mental 7 acts and vascular supply. An ' impression' ' froni without, made through tho organs of tlio souses upon emotional centres, is re flected directly from thorn to thb vascular '" oxpanse. Tho part flushes or blanches, and tho hearthesitates, palpitates, roboiinds or intermits ; so that these contros, excited . by anxiety, or. grief, or joy, or sorrow, influence tlio. waves of blood passing through tho systom, and tho brain promptlv - < fools tho imporfcet regulation of tho sup- : ply. Under varying tonsions of tho vessols thoro arc flushes, chills, coldness of tlio cxtrcmitios, and other oppressive symptoms whilo iu addition appear tho distressing ringing or liainmcring sounds in tho head. Thoso sounds aro arterial murmurs, vibra tions of tho blood wliich pross with oach . impulse of tho heart .011 tho bony surroundings of tlio relax oil : carotid', canal situated at tho baso of, , tho skull. Tho canal is in direct connec tion, by solid conducting substnnccs',- with i' tho orgens of hoaring, and thus tho faintest vibration is detected. Tlio sound pro duced wlion it is sudden and unoxpcctcd, as in.momcnts of fear, is occasionally, inis- taken for a' sound proccoding from witli-' out, with 110 obvious causo. Thus, tho Bufiercr is likely to see visions and hear strange noises, impalpable so to sponk, but as purely physical as thb most common . things in life. In soino instances thoy,,. arc actual perceptions of real facts or, ob-"' jects, caught by an oxtrcmcly susceptible. ' 1 ' aud dolicato nervous surface. Iu others they aro an intensified recognition of . movements within tho body; but in the ' vast majority of instances they are actual impressions made at some timo on tho organism, nnd now recalled mid rendered moro definito by constant rocurrcncc. At this point, if tho mental powors bo allowed rest, ami tho fountains of care bo. clqsod, . recovery mny tako placo ; but if thb over- ' ' strain continiio, tho discaso . .assmiics still graver form. 1'horo is a maddohing desiro for work, coupled with tho sad sonsation that tho physical' powers aro failing; and then thoro. aro lapses . of ( memory. TI10 man of business forgets " important details, ho is irritable, distrusts . everybody and himself most makes 'mis- ' takes, and yet persists in accumulating moro work 011 himself. Tho ' poet 1 aiid novolist bccoino over-sentimental' and morbid; tho man troubled with romorso for guilt confesses his crinio or commits suicido. Tho downward. course is rnpjd; , in ono caso opilopsy occurs, in anotlior paralysis,, a third develops some, horedi- . . tary malady liko cancbr, a fourth dies from norvous fauuro nnd local discaso of somo vital orgMi. Tho majority, escaping thoso special onds, become pronmturely old, and sink holplcssly into doatli. Tlio/. brain becomes disorganised, tho balaricois' , biokon, and anarchy, sucooods to what ( onco . was ordor. In ovory bruin, , «. in faot, tlioro is sot up primitively a kingly forco, to which ' all othor : forces bond. The king may bo good or bad, ho ' . , , may bo an hereditary king or a usurper) j" at but lio holds tho balnnco; kill tho kiiig,1' ' and, in ninotyriino cases oiit bf a hundrod, tho kingdom is mado chaos' and. diirk . ; ( night. . . / ' 