NEWS OF THE DAY. His Excellency the Governor is expected to land at Sanilridge at an early hour this morning, and will nt once proceed by road l.n the Treasury, where tbe olHcinl receotion will take place. When his Excellency reaches the metropolis a salute of 17 guns will be fired from the Prince's-bridgo Bat tery, nnd the loenl forces will act as a guard of honor at the Treasury. The debate upon the Treasurer's proposed scheme of taxation in the Assembly last evening afforded hon. members more scope for the exercise of their legs than their tongues, as little else was done than walk- ing across the floor of the Chamber and recording their votes for the alternative motions to report progress and that the Chairman leave the chair. Occasionally a little speaking was indulged in, and apart from those who are admittedly bound to oppose the transaction of all busi- ness until a dissolution is granted, there were several hon. members who expressed themselves as favorable to Mr. Tucker's resolution being discussed. Mr. Coppin pointed out that it was purely a waste of time for the Government to con- tinue to prevent the motion being brought forward, when it was apparent that as soon as supplies were asked for, which would be before long, the motion could be brought forward despite the Government. Mr. G. V. Smith, Mr. Walker, Mr. R. Richardson and others supported this view, but the Premier would not give way. Finally, after seven or eight divisions, the House adjourned. During the discussion in the Assembly last evening upon the case of Mr. W. A. K. Plummer, Mr. Thomas evinced a considera- ble amount of excitement, and interjected remarks frequently while Mr. Lalor was speaking. When the House adjourned for refreshment the member for Sandridge, in company with some other members, was ex- pressing his displeasure at Mr. Lalor attack- ing a man when he was down, alluding to Mr. Plummer's case. Just then Mr. Lalor appeared upon the scene. Mr. Thomas made up to him, and, standing on tip-toe, told the gentleman alluded to that he was a coward, or something to that effect. The only reply he received was a blow from Mr. Lalor that had the effect of damaging Mr. Thomas's hat, the hon. member's person happily escaping in- jury. Those standing by interfered, and, holding that Mr. Lalor had acted hastily and ill-advisedly, that gentleman promptly apologised. Mr. Thomas declined to accept the apology, and marched off vowing ven- geance. When it was sought by an hon. member to soothe his wounded feelings, he declared his determination to invest £2 10s. in a revolver, and settle the matter very shortly. It did not transpire what weighed with the hon. member to induce him to alter his mind, but as soon as the House re-assembled he brought the matter under the notice of the Speaker, and held up his dilapidated tile as corrobora- tive proof of the truth of his assertions. He concluded his remarks by asking the Speaker if ho had any remedy under the circum- stances. Mr. Lalor briefly replied, and gave his version of the affair. He stated that he had been called a coward by Mr. Thomas, and had simply knocked his hat off, and afterwards apologised. He renewed the apology, and if it were not accepted he could not help it. The Speaker delivered an edifying lecture upon the amenities of polite society, and Mr. Thomas having accepted the apology, every one seemed relieved to find that the affair was settled without any sanguinary consequences. The statement which appeared in our columns yesterday as to a certain civil ser- vant who had been dismissed for embezzle- ment having subsequently been employed under the Government was, yesterday even ing, in the Assembly, impugned by the Post- master-General. it would seem that we were slightly in error in alleging that the individual was at present discharging respon- sible duties in one of the departments. The facts, upon Mr. Ramsay's own showing, were substantially as we published them. The person alluded to is Mr. W. A. K. Plummer, the circumstances connected with whose retirement from his position as clerk in the Post Office, Melbourne, are well known to the public. He was dismissed for being short in his accounts, and was actually afterwards employed for some little time in the office of the Government Statist, but at present, it seems, he has no connection with any of the departments. Mr. Lalor com- mented in strong terms upon the fact of one dismissed from the public service having been re-employed by the Government, and contended that it was nothing more than offering a premium to others to be guilty of moral turpitude: at the same time condemn- ing the Government for not having prose- cuted Mr. Plummer at the time for the offence with which he was charged. In the Assembly last night, Mr. Mackay called the attention of the Chief Secretary to the suspicious circumstances attending the death of Mr. L. W. Lewis, which oc curred in the Kew Lunatic Asyltun a short time ago ; nnd be asked whether it was the intention of tho Government to insti tute a searching inquiry into the ease, in order that pereons guilty of ill-treatment to tV pr.i'-m '"w'tV 'in,';1''' to justice. The hon. member read the evi dence given at the coroner's inquest, and also the letter which appeared in Monday's Age, which hinted that further evidence in tbo case could be elicited ; and he recom mended that tho Government should havo a reliable officer in the confidence of tho Minister placed in the lunatic asylums as a kind of detective, to guard against tho mal treatment of patients. Tho Chief Scorotary snid it was his intention to appoint a board of inquiry into the case in question, and certain other cruoltics which -were alleged to have been committed in the Kew Asylum during tho past few weeks would also be dealt with. Ho had also resolved to institute a minute investigation into the whole administration of tho lunatic asylums in the colony. It is intended that the presB shall be admitted to the sittings of the board. The regulations of the Water Supply de partment, which have been the occasion of so much heartburning to the citizens of Mel bourne, formed the subject of a debate in the Assembly last evening. Mr. Langridge brought tho matter forward, and having pointed out their utter inutility, suggested that they should be withdrawn. Mr. Gillies, in reply, made a very favorable report of the Van Yean supply, but submitted that, in order to prevent wanton ex travagance or waste, it was necessary that regulations should be framed. Mr. M'Kean expressed an opinion that the open aqueduct, instead of increasing, would tend to diminish the supply, as, instead of the water being, as before, forced through tbe pipes, it now flowed into tlie Preston reservoir by the mere force of grnvi. tation. As usual with such debates, the matter ended without anything of any consequence being evolved out of the dis cussion. Mr. Curtain nppoqrod in thy Assembly last evening in a new character. Instead of Abusing hiU constituents, he has turned his attention to the introduction of a more ex tended system of emigration. Mr. Curtain is of opinion that the resources of the colony only require to be made known to induce the superfluous population in the old country to scekahome upon our shores; and he thinks, with this view, that the contents of a book entitled Houses nnd Homesteads in the Land of Plenty should be disseminated among the laboring classes in England. Last evening he suggested to the Premier that copies of this work should be purchased by the Government in large numbers, and dis tributed gratis by the Ageut-Gciivral in Eng land. Sir James M'Culloeh stated, in reply, that upon tho appearance of the book in question a hundred copies had been purchased and sent home, as now suggested by the hon. member for X orth Melbourne, to the Agent-General, with tbe view of their distribution through out tbe principal mechanics' institutes in the United Kingdom. An additional 900 copies hod subsequently been purchased, and placed in the hands of English booksellers for sale. He was not aware of the results attending the circulation of the work, but he would communicate with the Agent-Gcueral by the next mail, with a view of ascertaining whether a further distribution oi the work in question, which he considered n very valuable one, were practicable. Sir George Bowen, it appears, does not object to be "interviewed." A San Fran cisco journal says:—"A distinguished visitor arrived in San Francisco on Sunday evening—Sir George Bowen, Governor of Victoria, the most important of the Austra- lian colonies. Having allowed ample time for his Excellency to enjoy his first Cali- fornian dinner, a /Call/ reporter dropped into the Palace Hotel and sent in his paste- board. Following a dusky ganymede, he was ushered into the presence of a hale and hearty English gentleman, who re- ceived him with the diplomatic question: 'Haven't I met you before; your face is very familiar?' After the usual interchange of courtesies the reporter said, 'I'm sorry to say, Sir George, I'm a newspaper man, de- tailed to interview you, a part of our busi- ness that most foreigners object to.' 'Not in the least in my case, I can assure you, for my experience in interviews has been any- thing but unpleasant. You gentlemen of the press seem to be very good-natured in your victim.'" Sir George Bowen and the call reporter subsequently had a free-and-easy chat about things in general, and his Excel- lency's experiences in the States in par- ticular. The distribution of the prizes won at the late V.R.A. matches takes place at the Town Halt at eight. o'clock this evening.- Jt is expected that Sir £ieoigc Bowen will preside. The Commandant directs the fol lowing arrangements to be observed : — Metropolitan and suburban corps will parade at such an hour this evening as _ will enable them to be in Collins-street, opposite the Town Hall, at eight p.m. Cavalry, artil. lery and engineers will halt on the south side, and riiles on the north side, facing inwards. The whole will be halted at the intersection of Swanstou.street. Bands are to be sent to tlie Town Hall to arrive at a quarter to eight o'clock, and will enter by the Collins-street entrance. Winners of prizes will parade at the Eastern-hill Orderly-room, unless engaged on special duties, at half-past seven ' p.m., under the command of tho senior officer present, who will march them down at the same time as the other corps of that district. Other branches of the local forces being prcseut will have a position assigned to them on arrival at the Town Hall. Troops arriving late will not be permitted to enter the building. Full dress is to be worn, with forage caps and side arniB. Volunteers (ex cept those unattached) will only .be ad mitted with their corps. A visitor from Melbourne to Eehuca found himself the other evening in an awkward and unpleasant situation. Tempted by the heat, he sought a seoluded spot on the Mur ray, some distance from Ecbucn, aud strip ping, jumped into the water and swam across the river, the effort exhausting his energies A new and serious difficulty now presented itself. The stream was broad, swift and deep ; his clothes were posted on the opposite bank. He was unequal to the effort of re-crossing the river ; his best strength was gone, The setting sun waned, nnd the shades of evening fell upon a figure, like Adam ut his birth, crouched in despair and hiding behind the covering of a gum- tree trunk. That night, as the moon rose, a swagsman crossing tiie punt wns-startled to terror by the spectacle of a white spectre- like form Hitting from tree to tree. Fetrilied witlx fear and astonishment, he stood mo- tionless, speechless with horror, aud unable to move. Tho figure beckoned him to ap proach. Fascinated with awe by its appear- ance, he obeyed the signnl ; and on approach ing the fearful object he found it to be the rash youth whose natatory tastes had re duced him to a state of nudity. Matters were soon explained, and the countryman, relieved of his groundless alarm, was in duced to take tlie promise of a handsome bribe to obtain the necessary vestnre, and after a lapse of time, which seemed nn age to the cool promenader in a state of nature through the sylvan woods, he regained his clothes, and it is hoped returned home a better aud wiser innu. The above, for the accuracy of which tho Hiverine Herald vouches, contains a moral to bathers to eschew the foolhardy venture of swinxmiDg a river of which they know nothing. Patrick Macdonnell, a laborer, living at Willinmstown, was admitted to the Mel bourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from a severe frnctxire in the lower past of the leg. The injuries were received in the course of a scuttle arising out of a disagreement with some other men employed on the public works iu the streets of Wiliiamstown, and it is probable that proceedings will be taken against tho parties implicated. The annual meeting of the Geelong Agri- cultural Society was held yesterday, at the Prince of Wales Hotel ; Mr. J. H. Connor, M.L. A., in the chair. Mr. A. Rutherford having threatened to bring an action against the society for the recovery of the prize in re the crossbred ram, the society resolved to defend the action. The financial state ment showed that £148 14s. (id. was dne to tlie bank. The salary of the secretary was increased by £10 ; and the following officers were elected : — Patron, his Excellency the Governor ; president, Mr. J. H, Conner vice-presidents, Messrs. A. M. Campbell,' S. Austin, and D. Sinclair ; treasurer a! Douglass ; committee, Messrs. Cameronj M'Donald, Thompson, "Weber, Leigh and Miles, Lnst night's Geelong Times anya We regret to state that Mr, J. Richardson, M.L. A., is no better. He passed a very restless night, and at noon to-day there were no signs of improvement." The fifth half-yearly meeting of the Jour- neymen Hatters' Society was held on Mon day at the Trades' Hall ; the president, Mr. Beekwitb, in the chair. The balance-sheet and auditors' report were adopted, the total amount to the credit of the society being £11S 19s, 8d. The meeting then proceeded v.'F- >< cLelltr, of 9«r.a lb-: ct six I months, with results as follow President, Mr. E. Levier ; treasurer, Mr. S. Woodham- secretary, Mr. G. T. Smith; trustee.?' Messrs. G. Rooke and H. Byder ; auditors' Messrs. HickB, Deakin and F. Rooke ; dele', gates on Trades' Hall committee, Messrs. G. T. Smith and J. Cockerell. A committee was formed to carry out arrangements for a picnic, to tako place at an early date. At a meeting of tho Central Board ot Health, held on Wednesday, tho following officers of health were appointed : — Borough of Koroit, Mr. D. Jormyn, surgeon ; Shire of Bannockburn, Mr. W,' H. .Tackson L.A.H.D.; Shire of Benalla, Mr. J. Nicbol' son, AID.; Shire of Aloorabbin, Air. H, Woolhouse, surgeon. The names of John Farr, of Emerald-hill, and Patrick Kennedy, of Alelbourne, were entered npon tho register of legally qualified medical practitioners at a meeting of the Aledical Board held yesterday. A man named John Ford went into the shop of Air. Davies, the photographer, on Wednesday afternoon, and asked a gen tleman standing there for a light. A match was given to him, when he became very noisy, and attacked tbe donor and Air. Davies's assistant, whom he threw into a glass case containing photographs. He was given into custody, and brought before the city bench yesterday, when he was fined 20s., with 40s. costs, or in default one month's imprisonment with hard labor. At tho City Police Court yesterday a man named George Osborne was charged with stealing a quantity of clothes off a line in the yard of the stationmaster at the Alelbonrne nnd Hobson'd Bay United Railway Station, Elizabeth-street, The prisoner, who pleaded gnilty, was sentenced to three months' im prisonment, with hard labor. A meeting of tho National Building and Investment Society was held yesterday after, noon ; Mr. Geo. Lewis in the chair. A re. solution was passed winding up the society The shares amounted to £120 5s., £0z having been paid in, the remainder, £58 5s.. being profits. Those present expressed them selves thoroughly satisfied with the mnnne- in which the affairs of the society had been conducted, nnd a vote of thanks having been passed to the chairman and Mr. P. C Bindley, the meeting terminated. A Third National Building Society will be formed shortly. At a meeting of the Heidelberg Local Board of Hoaltb, held on Wednesday evenxng. thc inspector of health (Mr. Kelly) reported that diphtheria had appeared at Ivanhocand Alphington. Two deaths had taken place— a lady of 45 at Alphington, and a young man of IS at Ivanhoe. The monthly meeting of the Fourtn Union Benefit Building and Investment Society was held at the offices, 82 Collins- street east, last evening ; Rev. M. Rintel in the chair. The receipts of the evening were ' announced as £2181 8s. fid. ; two shares were sold at par, and 242 shares balloted. Yesterday afternoon, about three o'clock, an alarm of fire was raised in Brunswick. It is supposed that some boys were shooting at sparrows, and that a spark from the gun set fire to a large haystack belonging to a man named John Boyce, living in Union-street A lad was despatelicd for tbe Carlton Brewery Fire Brigade, who were very promptly in attendance with their serviceable new reel, and soon subdued the fire. The stack was, unfortunately, uninsured. An accident which resulted fatally oc curred in Jolimont yesterday afternoon. A man named William Patterson, aged about 45 years, was engaged in lopping the branches off a tree in Mr. Slack's garden, when tbe branch ho was on broke, and he fell to tbe ground, a distance of about 30 feet. He was at ouce taken to tho hospital, where it was found that be bad sustained concue- sion of the brain. The unfortunate man died about two hours aud a half after ad mission. The railway bridge over the Barwon, at tbe Breakwater, is now finished, and was tested yesterday by tho Government en. giocer, nnd passed. Air. Wardell, in the absence of the Com. misBioner of Public Works, yesterday de clared tho following tenders to be the lowest for the works named -.—Whitewashing and coloring the industrial schools at Geelong, Bradley and Drew, £80 ; works at post and telegraph office, Belfast, Thos. Fair- bairn, £115. An official investigation into the loss of the Isabella will take plnco on Alonday next. There is nothing further to report with reference to the fire at Alessrs. Evans Brothers' warehouse on Wednesday night. The assessment of the damage done is not yet completed, nor is there ut present any satisfactory explanation of the probable cause of the conflagration. The Castleimiine Jiepresentative states that tbe hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald, who shortly proceeds to Europe, and who has so liberally donnted his salai-y whilst absent to thu public charities, is to he entertained and wished "God speed" by his Castlemaiac friends prior to his departure. A concert iu aid of the widow and child ren of the late George Noy, who was killed on the Victorian Railways at Sunbury, wax given in the Athenaeum last evening. There was a good attendance, and a liberal pro- gramme was gone through. The sale of tickets should result in a satisfactory sum for the benelleiares. At the Opera House last night, Fortunatuj was again performed to a good house. Miss Melville still maintains her prestige, and was ncoorded much applause. The operatic medley is a most noticeable feature in the liberal programme of good uinsic provided. The Fakir of Oolu's combination enter tainment at St. George's Hall was well patronised lost evening.- The Ghost illusion completely mystifies, the audience, and is second only to the wouderful illuminated fountain, ' The Pioyal was well attended- laitTnijjhi, when the Christmas pantomime was again performed. The novel scenery and the in teresting panorama were received by the audienco with the usual appluuse. Mr. Stutt will address the ratepayers ai Alans Family Hotel this evening, at eight o'clock-. The Twenty Guinea Cup to be awarded ai the next show of tho Victoria Agricultural Socieir for tbe best sample, not less tban 5 cwi.. ot ran butter, is tbe gift of Messrs. M'Caw and Co.. not M'Bwan and Co., ns erroneously stated. VTe havo been requested to call attention to the advertisement notifying that hood, Friday, 14th inst., will be tbe latest hour for receiving tenders for the debentures for Hotbam loan of £11,500. Publications Received. — Report, prize list and prospnotus of Ladies' College, Alelbourne ; tho London Magazine, vol. 1, No. 1, conducted by William Williams ; Meteorological Record for September, Air. Hyam Hart, tbe town clerk of Fitzroy, has requested us to state that be will be glad ton- ccivo subscriptions on behalf of an infant and four children named Farmer, their mother hating lately died and their father baring deserted them immediately after her death. The object of tho subscription is to raise enough money to pay their passage to tho Cape of Good Hope, where they have a grandmother living. Mr. Temp(eton, P.M., has headed the subscription list with a donation of £1. 