NELB0URNB. (FROM ora OWX COfiBESPOKBlK!,! fin December ia [?] vyupia ui uijri on tfce tine traiDinp th.. v hndeDe lZth timea 'ft tea been hot, hotter, hottest, boor sfe hour ; and toe quantity of human i the through tte tfe /fr.i'0- ti>e gallons of spirits sad vn-k (and pnger-ale) that have been put rat olS way to onro the nnivenri and l"!? thira pass cricnlaST Thw hZ me np?n ns 9oit® without vanS It ie true we are in the middle of DeceX Z»WeU 1 rememb« thatjustttS P'weptriay of writing, whij BeTe£®et floods ever rememhori b Melbourne. Bra water was sixteen feel .e "W-fP on St. Kilda read, jot beyond Pnuoea Bridge. I had the riiim horeMHre 1 1 w«) fo see three or bin t here ,id rind should ora? ISm' W tnm boms, an?w«I and fences, in a "boat and four," latjbS DOn® 8 Yor" for the adventure, mutte of Gwman boots (fori ,b« -l" ',fd<'r' Md did not believe too to J"nk»»"-m«le article) in endeavour- to? the flood. Well, ttemmnory issbikrag' but toe contrast is ramp" T ,here 18 not water enongh 1??, metaphorically) to quench our tedD 5 VeILmJ'8elf trT itet alous % ?" .Tfanraday there was not a tetri.'f T' Pllgn,n wh0 did not confess mLZ ? J W!' " hot an-" The ther- ometers did not quite make np their minds o agree _abont the absolute measure nf eh> otil OMn xr £?. Jeoeed deal too hot to cattnn Mr. EUepr on the subject— for the - diatanreyouwould have to travel be compenaated by anyHbepttality yon might experience. I have compared many ther mometries! notes, however, and I have come to the conclusion toat on Thursday afternoon the correct measurement of heat in toe shade in Colhns.Btreet was 98 deg. To-day, though toe weather baa felt leas oppressive, toe mark has been 104 deg. in the shade, and 137 deg. in the sun. Well, this is very good, and it is something for white men to say that they can walk about, do their business, and take toeir friendly nobblers under a hotter son than that of Calcutta. Last night we were in hopes of a change. The sky was diversified with ominous cloud of the most portentous character, and the wind shifted about just a it liet. By and bye some of the smaller gode, wbo rit on the ride of Mount Olympus, began to play battledore and shuttlecock with some of tbe smaller thpnder of Father Jove ; bnt the Waterbearer would ' not respond to the appeal trade to him. A few tears of regret came from some eympa- thieiug spirits beyond the clouds, and then we were left to swelter as before. No one tost I met with yesterday was able to ssy any more than I was myself, that the god of Dreams had blessed him in the course of the night. What with heat and " the children of the night," I bad a fine time of it jo the morning I fonnd that one friend sat in a bath all night long, with the water np to his neck. Another took to rambling in a pad dock, and fonnd himself in tbe morning under a gum-tree, moralising like a very Melancholy Jacques. Half a dozen other fonnd their road at toe first dawn of day to the salt-water baths at St. Kilda. Yesterday waa a day of lamentation and soda water with all of them — and eo passed the first really hot night and day of the summer of 1876 in Melbourne. Oonncillor Fen wide — mayor, I think, at one time — met with a nasty accident yester day morning on his way into town in his own buggy. It was a warm day, and, like the Scotchman's wife, the mare "took the gie." There was a slight difference between her and her owner and driver about some boo all piece of road practice, and toe end of it was that the worthy councillor got the worst of it. The boggy was npset, and the worthy councillor's knee considerably damaged. Apprehensions, I regret to hear, are enter tained as to tbe safety of the well-known ship Great Queensland. For some years she has been engaged in the pasaenger tyafie ber tween England and Queensland, Tjat en tow occasion nhe was coming ont direct to Mel bourne, with cargo only. She is now some 122 or 123 days ont, and has not been heard of since she sailed from London. Postal cards are probably a useful institu tion, bnt they do uot appear to be an un mitigated blessing to society. For example, Robinson, an old friend of mine, complains to me that haying been induced some years ago,' by a plausible speculator or Agent, to take some shares in a"bew mine adjkeenttp an old and ' good one, and baying gone on patiently ever since paying his calls; without toe ghost of a dividend, was reminded the ther dqy by » postal card— which all post- office men might rasd — tfeat if fie djd pot t on'oe pay np another call then just due, his shares worid be forfeited. I thought the card was rather rough on Bobtason; and I think that, under the circnmstance, I should rather sell or forfeit those shares than have another postal card from the mana- Mr. The country railway lines proposed by toe Government are to be made — but when! The Assembly has assented, and I don't sup pose tot Council will object, to a vote srifh cie'nt to complete the permanent' survey. TbiB is good eo far ; but the Government must have tbe Hobsou's Bay lines. A good many Parliamentarians will have to eat the leein this business 'before the railway sys tem-pan be properly arranged. It is only a ?qeatjon of (dpg. ' I have had a good look through the special Exhibition of Art Curiosities now being shewn in the large hall of the Athermom (Collins- etreet east) here. It ia an entire novelty, only one of a very remarkable character. It is not a bazaar fakement, and is not a show in any ordinary sense. Mr. J. Campbell, a success ful Ballarat gentleman, lately indulged him self with a trip home, dories which he ''did the Continent " as vrelh Nature had given him:- a teats for toe arts, and fortune had blessed him eh that he conld mdulge" to Wbyievri1 fit went through the manufacturing I diBtncts of England, through France, Swit- zerlsnd, and Italy, as well as in other Euro- 1 pean homes of genin? be bought op all the pretty and beautiful things in portraiture, copies of old master? statuary, photography, Florentine and Roman inlaid work, Ac., which he could Becure. These he brought out to assist in improving public taste in Victor!? His purchases are offered for sal? and a very large number of them are marked « eold." I find that some of tbe gentlemen of the West- ern district nave been very liberal in their purchases, -and that come beautifnl specimens will find-their way westward? Mr. Campbell desires no profit from bis venture, and that bis idea of showing the Victorian public some good samples of European art and taste, for , their advantage, will be as useful to the people, generally as it-is -creditable to thetaate, liber ality, and public spiritjof Mr. Campbell. -All honour to Ballarat I The dance-bouse nuisance has come under the notice of Mr.-Evan? the active inspector of such nuisance? and be has encoeeded in his first oas? which was against a bootmaker who bad built a dancing shanty attached to his factory, which had become a public nuisance. I hope be will go on and prosper. Bnt let him look also after those peculiar institutions of the city, known to the initiated as "dram?" which are eimply fanit apologies in front to tbe street, and any quantity of immoral abomi nation above and behind. Tins is a kind of unhealthy excrescence which is becoming too common here. There are negroe? it appears, and negroe? A Sue controversy is raging just now as to the identity of a corps of real sable foreign minstrel? who are about to visit Melbourne. Mr. Kirby, who brings them oat, eays they are the " real grit." Mr. Baylis? who is im porting "the real nigger?" says the others re impostors coming out in the name of hie genuine "Sambo?" In " show " life every thing seems to be illusive. In this case, no doubt " we shall eee what we shall see." 