THE CASE OF MRS. SCOTT, THE ALLEGED LUNATIC. The Clttnes Guardian says:-The cage of this unfortunate woman is becoming daily more pain fully interesting. She bas been committed to the tender mercies of the Kew people on a charge of lunacy, certified to by Drs. Thomas and Cox. We gave a different version of the | case as it occurred at our police court. That report it hath pleased the board of inquiry to characterise as inaccurate With all due resuect to such a respectable body as the board of in quiry, we must reiterate what we have already said, and decline to withdraw a single line of that report, for the sake of having the posi tion clearly defined, we would place the matter concisely thus:-When we got her statement in presence of, and with the full concurrence and assistance of her husband, she was as rational and sane as anybody in Clunes, and wa3 anxious to be correct in every particular. The evidence of Drs. Thomas and Cox before the court was definite, and distinctly to the effect that she was not suffering from aherration of Intellect, but was of a siokly, nervous, excitable disposition, requiring constant care and supervision. Ninety nine out of every hundred people who know her and her auleccdeuts (including some of the justices who adjudicated on hor case) are de cidedly of opinion that the only thing that ails her is a bitter tongue that has led her into quarrel with her erratic lord and master, and rendered her life a scene of misery of no small degree. We quite agree with the remark made by one of the justices that her's was a case for a benevolent asylum rather than a lunatic asylum-anywhere, in short, where slip, could get that kiudness and consideration whioh ahe cannot get at homo, if it be not a misnomer to call her residenou a home. AH we usk for is that the hoard shall have her examined by a couple of medical men skilled in the treatment of luuatics Should a conllict of medical evi dence arise between those gentlemen and Drs. Thomas and Cox, we leave t he decision to those competent to judge. Wo do not believe Mrs. Scott to be insan«, but rather ecoentric in her conduct and voluble in hor speech. She labors under a grievance, and like all persons in that position, is perhaps not guarded enough in her method of expression. Meanwhile, insane or not now, she has a fair chance of being made so in reality by tho treatment she is receiving from those who ought to know better. A DIVORCE WITH A TEuftriiLi: Uiuoin.-A New Ycrk letter to the &al;{in\oxe News sava: There is in this city, however,one most amusing low comedian who has a reason for never smil ing. Jn his youth he was the father of a little girl of a refractory obstinatedisposition. Ono day, to punish her for a fault, he locked her in the bedroom, aHd with his vrifu went down to dinner. Soon the child began to scream in a terrible uwnner, which the parents considered was only tempcrj but, as the shrieks continued, the wife became alarmed, and desired to go to her. He, however, forbake her doing so, as he said the child must be taught obedience, and that she should not gain her end by screaming. They went ou with their dinner, the fearful shrieks continuing for awhile, and then ceasing. As they were about leaving the table, smoke begau to pass through the house. There was fire some where. Hushing lo release the poor little girl, they found her dead. Her clothes h-d evijently caught fire from the grate, and while the parents were eating, the phild was dying, The oomo diau's wife took a horror and hatred of her husband affcr- this, as she believed that if he had allowed her to go to the poor infant she might have saved her life. They were divorced; no wonder that man never smiles on or off the stage. A GKOBGIA GOBLIN.-The prisoners in the city jail are bothered, for a supernatural ap pearance, a fleshless spirit, perambulates the corridor of the prison, and over and anon amid the stillness of the night, rattles the doors of the cells, making the bolts and bars shake and quiver as though they ha,d been ot\ a prolonged Christmas ^runlf. Tho said apparition says nothing t$ anybody, but keeps its incessant vigil, watching everything closely, paying the fright ened prfsoners hourly visits, and effectually driving away from their downy couches the wel come god of sleep, who lingers around the en trance, afraid to gq in-all cm account of this ghost. Whether 'tis a spirit of some defunct hummer, who has taken this method of reveng ing himself upon the institution because the grub didn't auit him -v?h»le he was a boarder there, or whether it ia simply a playful augel from below on a week's furlough, ye reporter has not yet been informed.-Augusta, Chronicle and Sentinel. An American Ekgine-DBIVER.-The accident to the Overland train on Sunday, between Emi grant Gap and Blue Canon, resulted in danger ous injuries to tho engineer and his fireman. .Both have been sent to the Railroad Hospital at Sacramento. The engineer was Tom Forsyth, who is known as one of the best engineers on the road. Two years ago he made a dashing run between Emigrant Gap and Blue Canon, with engine No. 75 and the snow plow, that ought to. have immortalized his name. The great block ade could not be raised because the engines of the snow-plow-train wore all off the track. The 75 was ahead, next to the plow, and when her wheels were placed on the rails it was deter mined to make the battle with this one engine. Steam had been nursed up to the highest notch, and throwing the lever clcar back and putting on every pound of steam, she could bear, Forsyth said: "I'll go to Blue Canon or land with the snow-plow in: the American Canon." For seventy-five or a hundred yards ahead of the plow the suow had been cleared away, and the engine and a forty-ton plow, on the heavy down grade, attained a fearful speed. When tho snow was struck, the plow hurled it sixty feet in the air. And so they went. In exactly 3 minntes after the bounding monsters started around the curves and windings of tho crooked road tHey I reached Blue Canon. When the telegram came back to Nate Webb and the wrecking crew that all was right, three rousing cheers went up for Tom Forsyth. Even the 75 Btolid .Mongolians that were with the wrecking force realized the ex treme peril of tho ride, and doffing their Chinese bats, mingled their shrill- shriek3 with the ohorus. Forsyth had cleared the road for two and three-fourths of a mile in exactly three minutes from the time he received ^5 \\\'pr4 <<go."-~A(ta Califorr\iay . Mrs Malaprop says she know3 who the Alpine glacier is. !Ic is a foreigner who carries a lamp of putty in his band and a pane of glass under his arm. 