the two destinies.- A ROMANCE. Br Wilms Collins. Chat. IX— Natural and Supernatural. i «ointed to the writing in the sxetcn- Look end looked et my mother. I wM not mistaken. Sho had seen it, as I >s een it. But Bho refused to acknowledge that anything had happened to alarm her— .. T could deteot it in her face. V » Somebody haa been playing a trick on you, George," she said. I mads no reply. It was needless to say anything. My poor mother was evidently as far from bring satisfied with her own shallow explanation as I was. The carriage waited for us at the door. We set forth in silence on our drive home. The sketch-book lay open on my knee, jjy Byes were fastened on it ; my mind was absorbed in recalling the moment when the apparition beckoned me into the summerT house, and spoke.' Putting the words and the writing together, the conclusion was too plain'to be mistaken. The woman whom I bad saved from drowning had need of me afijtad this was the same woman who, in her own proper person, had not hesitated to seize the first opportunity of leaving the house in which , we had been sheltered to gether—without stopping to say. one , grate ful word to-tbe man who had- preserved her from death ! Four days only had elapsed since she had left me, never,, to aU jappear- ance, to see me again. And now, the ghostly apparition of her had returned, as to a tried and trusted friend; had commanded me to remember her and to go to her; and had provided against all possibility of my playing me false, by writing the words which Invited me to meet her "when the full moon shone on Saint Anthony's Well." What had happened in the interval. What did tho supernatural manner of her communication with me mean i What ought my next course of action to bo ? My mother roused me from my reflections. She stretched out her hand, and suddenly closed the open book on my knee, as if the right of the writing in it was unendurable to her. "Why dont you apeak to me, George!" ,he said." "Why do you keep your thoughts to yourself?" "My mind is lost in confusion," I answered. a I can suggest nothing and explain nothing. My thoughts are'all bent on the one ques tion of what I am to do next.' On that point I believe I may say that my mind is made up." I touched tho sketch-book as I spoke. "Come what may of it," Isaid, "Imean to keep the appointment." My mother looked at me as if she doubted the evidence of her own senses. : " He talks ss if it was a real thing ! " she exclaimed. " George ! yon don't really be. lieve that you sawsomebody in tho summor- house? Tho place was empty. I tell yon positively, when yon pointed into the (ummer-house, the place was empty. You have been thinking and thinking of this woman tiU you persuade yourself that yon have actually seen her." ' 'I opened the sketch-book again. " I thought I saw her writing on this page," 3 answered. "Look at it— and tell me if I was wrong." My mother refused to look at it. Steadily ss she persisted in taking the rational view, nevertheless the writing frightened her. "It is not a week yet," she went on, "ainoe I saw you lying between life ind death in your bed at the iuii. How can you talk of keeping the appointment, in your state of health? An - appointment with a shadowy Something in your own imagination, which appears and disappears, and leaves substan tial writing behind it I It is. ridiculous, George : I wonder you can holp laughing at yourself." She tried to sot the example of laughing at me— with the tears in her. eyes, poor soul, as ahe made tho useless effort. I began to regret having opened my mind so freely, to her. . "Don't take the matter too seriously, mother," Isaid. "Perhaps I may not be able to find , the place. I never heard of Saint Anthony's Well ; I have not the least idea where it is? Suppose I make the dis covery— and suppose tho journey tarns out to be an easy one— would you like to go with me?" " God forbid !" cried my mother, fer- vently. "I will have nothing to do with it, George. You are in a state of delusion— I shall speak to the doctor." "By ail means, my dear, mother ! Mr. MacGlue is a sensible person.- We pass his bouse on our way b6m&— -and we will ask him to dinner. In the meantimo, let ns say so more on the subject till we see the doctor." I spoke lightly, but I really meant what I said. My miud. was sadly disturbed ; my nerves were so shaken' that the slightest noises on the road startled me. The opinion of a man like Mr. MaeGlne, who looked at all mortal matters from the. some immovably practical point of view, might really have its use, in my case, as a species of moral remedy. We waited until the -dessert was on the table, and the servants had left the dining room. Then I told my story to the Scotch doctor as I have told it hero ; and, that done, I opened the sketch- book to let him see the writing for himself. Bad I turned to the wrong page ? I started to my feet, and- held the book close io the light of the lamp that hiing oyer the dining table. . No; I had' found the right page. There was my half- finished drawing of the waterfall— but. where were the two lines of writing beneath 1 ' Gone! I strained my eyes ; I looked and looked. And the blank white paper looked back at me. I placed the open leaf before my mother. " You ta.tr jt, «s plainly pPidid,"-,! "Afetay owttayes,dd6eiviijg18fd: Hook at the bottom of. the page." - My mother sank back in her. chair with a cry of terror. " Gone ?" I asked. "Goue !" . ' I turned to the doctor. He took me com. pletely by surprise. No incredulous smile appeared on his face ; no jesting words passed his lips. He was listening to ns at tentively. He was waiting gravely to hear more. "I declare to you, on my word of honor," I said to him, "that I saw the apparition writing with my pencil at the bottom of that page. I declare that I took the book in my hand, and saw these words written in it : ' When the full moon shines on St. An thony's Well.' Not more than three honris havo passed since that time— and, see for yourself, not a vestige of the writing re- mains," "Not e vestige of the writing remains," Mr. MacGlue repeated quietly. _ ''If you feel the slightest doubt of what 6 told you," I went on, " aak my mother —she will bear witness that she saw the Writing too," 'I don't doubt that, you both saw the writing," answered Mr. MaoGlue, with a composure that astonished me. " Can you account for it ?" I asked. " Well," said the impenetrable, "if I set my wits at work, I believe I might account for it, to the-satiafaction- of some People. : For example, I. might give yon what they call the rational explanation to begin with. I might say that you are, to my certain knowledge; . in a highly-excited b.rvous condition ; and-'that,' when you saw AliM!!rriVrCial rr,Dem,Bt/ittuh« ,utlw' the apparition (as yon call .it), . you limply aw nothing but your, own strong impres sion of an abaent woman— who (as I greatly fear) hai gdt on the weak or amatory eido of you; -I mean no offence Mr. Ger- maine — — " " I take no offence, doctor. But excuse me for speaking plainly — the rational ex planation is thrown away on me." " I'll readily , excuse you," answered Mr, MacGlue " The rather that I'm entirely of your opinion. I don't believe in the rational explanation myself." This was surprising, to say the least of it 1 " What do you believe in ?" I inquired. Mr. MacGlue declined to let me hurry him; " Wait a little," he said. "There's the. ir.rational explanation to try next. Mayhe it will fit itself to the present state of your mind better than the other. We will say, this time, that you have really seen the ghost (or doable) of a living person. ' Very good. If yon can suppose a disembodied spirit to appear in earthly clothiog — of silk or merino as the case -may be— it's no great stretch to suppose next., that this same spirit is capable of holding a mortal pencil, and of writing mortal words in a mortal sketching- book. And, if the ghost vanishes (which your ghost did), it seems supernaturally appro priate that, the writing Bhould follow the example and vanish too. And the reason of the vanishment may be (if yon want a reason), either that the ghost does not like letting a stranger like me into its secrete; or that vanishing is a settled habit of ghosts and of everything associated with them ; or that this ghost has changed its mind in the course of three hours (being the ghost of a woman, I am sure that's not wonderful), and doesn't care to see you 'when the full moon shines on Anthony'b Well.' There's the ir.rational explanation for yon. And, speaking for myself, I'm bound to add that I don't set a pin's value on that explanation either." Mr. MacGlue'a sublime indifference to both sides of the question began to irritate me. "In plain words, doctor," I said, "you don't think the circumstances that I have mentioned to you worthy of serious investi gation ?" "I don't' think serious investigation capable of dealing with the ciroumstances," answered the doctor. " Fut it in that way, and you'put it right. Just look round you. Here we threo persons are alive and hearty at this snug table. If (whioh God forbid !) good mistress Germaine, or yourself, were to fall down dead in another moment, I, doctor as I am, could no more explain what first principle of life and move, ment had been suddenly extinguished in you than the dog there sleeping on the hearth rug. If I am content to sit down ignorant, in the face of suoh an impenetrable mystery as this— presented to me, day after day, every time I see a living creature come into the world or go. out of it — why may I not ait down content in the face of your lady in the summer.house, and say, she's altogether beyond my fathoming, and there is an end of her !" At those ' words, my mother joined in the conversation for the first time. "Ah, sir," she said, "if you could only persuade my son to take your sensible view, how happy I should be ! Would yon be lieve it— he positively means (if he can find the place) to go to Saint Anthony's Well !" Even this revelation entirely failed to sur prise Mr. MacGlue. "Aye? aye? He means to keep his ap pointment with the ghost — does he ? Well ! I can be of some service to him, if he sticks to bis resolution. I can toll him of another man who kept a written appointment with a ghost, and what. came of it." ThiB was. a startling announcement. Did he really mean what he said ? " Are you in jest or in earnest ? " I asked. "I never joke, sir 1" said. Mr. MacGlue. " No sick person really believes in a doctor who jokes. I defy you to show me a man at the head of our profession who has ever been discovered in high spirits (in medical bours) by his nearest and' dearest friend. You may have wondered, I dare say, at seeing me take your, strange narrative as coolly as I do. It comes naturally, sir. Yours is not the first story of a ghost and a pencil that I have heard." "Do you mean to tell me," I said, "that you know of another man who has seen what I have seen?" "That's just what I mean to tell you," rejoined the doctor. " The man was a far- away Soots' cousin of my late wife, who bore the honorable name of Bruce, and followed a searfaring life. I'll take another .glass of the sherry wine, just to wet my whistle, astbe vulgar saying is, before I begin. Well, you must know Bruce was mate of a barquo at the time I'm speaking of ; and he was on a voyage from Liverpool toNew Brunswick. At noon, one day, he and the captain, having taken their observation of the 'sun, were hard at it below, working, out the latitude'and longi tude on their -slates. -Bruce, in his cabin, looked across through the open door of the captain's cabin opposite. " What do yon make it, -sir ?" says Bruce. Tho man in the captain's cabin looked up. And what did Bruce seo ? The face of the captain ? Devil a hit of it — the face of a total stranger ! Up jumps Bruce, with his heart going full gallop all in a moment ; and searches for the captain on deck ; and finds him much as nsual, with his calculations done, and his latitude and longitude off his mind for the day. ' There's somebody at your desk, sir,' says Bruce. 'He's writing ou your Blate, and.he's a total stranger to me.' ' A stranger in. .my. cabin?' says the captain. 'Why, Mr. Bruce, the ship has been six weeks out of port. How did be get on board ?' Bruco doesn't know how, but he sticks to his story. Away goes the captain, and bursts like a whirlwind into his cabin, and finds nobody there. , j Bruce himself is .obliged to ackuow ledge that Jhs pl$p9 ty steinly epapty. , ' If I didn't know you were a sober rnnu,' .says the iaptaio, . ' I fihouid charge you with drinking. As it is, I'll hold you accountable for nothing worse than dreaming. Don't do it again, Mr. Bruce.' Bruce stioks to his story ; Bruce swears he saw the man writing on' the captain's Blate. The captain takes up the' slate, and looks at it. -Lord save us and bless ns,' says he, ' here the writing is, sure enough 1 ' Bruce looks at it too, and sees the writing as plain as can be, in these words : ' Steer to the Nor' West.' That, and no more. Afa, goodness me, narrating is dry Mr. Germaine 1 With your leave, I'll take another drop of the sherry wiue." "Well! (It's fine old. wine that; look at the oily drops running down the glass.) Well, steering to the north-west, you will understand, was out of the captain's coarse. Nevertheless, finding no eolation of the mystery on board the ship, and the weather at the time being fine, the captain deter mined, while the daylight lasted, to alter his course, and see what came of it. Towards three o'clock in the. afternoon, an iceberg came of it ; with a wreoked ship stove in, and frozen' fast to the ice ; and the pas. sengera and crew nigh to death with cold and exhaustion. .Wonderful enough, you will say, but more remains behind. Ab the mate was helping one of the rescued pas sengers up the side of the barque, who should he turn, out' to be but the very man whose ghostly appearance Bruce had seen in the captain's cabin, writing on the captain's' Blate! And more than that— if your: capacity for being surprised isn't clean worn-, out by this time — the passenger recognised the barque' as the very vessel which he had seen in a dream at noon that day. He had even spoken of it to one of the officers on board the wrecked ship, when he tqke. . ' We ityd) be rtioued tojday,' be tad said— and he had exactly described the.rig of the barqus, hours and hours before the vessel herself hove in view. Now yon know, Mr- Germaine, how my wife's far- away cousin kept an appointment with a ghost, and what came of it." Concluding his story in these words, the doctor helped himself to another glass of " sherry.wine." I was not satisfied yet— I wanted to know more. "The writing on the slate," I eaid. "Did it remain there ? or did it vanish, like the writing in my book ?" Mr. MacGlue'a answer disappointed ma. He had never asked, and had never heard, whether the writing had remained or not. He had told me all that he knew, and he had but one thing more to aay — and that was in the nature of a remark, with a moral attached to it. "There's a marvellous resemblance, Mr.- Germaine, between your atory and Brace's story. The main difference, as I see it, is this. The passenger's appointment proved to be the salvation of a whole ship's company. I very much doubt whether tho lady's appointment will prove to be the sal vation of You." I silently re-considered the strange narra tive whioh had just been related to me. Another man had seen what I had seen — had done what I proposed to do ! My mother noticed with grave displeasure. the strong impression which Mr. M'Glue had produced on my mind. "I wish you had kept your story to your self, doctor," she said sharply. "May I ask why, madam?" " You have confirmed my son, sir, in his resolution to go to Saint Anthony's Well." Mr MacGlue quietly consulted his pocket almanao before he replied. " It's the full moon on the ninth of the month," he said. "That gives Mr. Ger maine some days of rest, ma'am, before he takes' tho journey. If he travels in his own comfortable carriage — whatever I may think, morally-speaking, of his enterprise — I can't say, medically-speaking, that I believe it will do him much harm." "You know where Saint Anthony's Well is ?" I interposed. "I must be mighty ignorant o! Edin burgh net to know that," replied the doetor. " Is the Well in Edinburgh, then ?" "It's just outside Edinburgh — looks down on it, as yon may say. You follow tho old street called the Canongate, to the eud. You tum to your right, past the famons Palace of Holyrood ; - you cross the Park and Drive ; and take your way upwards to the ruins of Anthony's Chapel, on the shonlder of the bill — and there you are 1 There's a high rock behind the Chapel ; and at the foot of it you will find the epring they call Anthony's Well. It's thonght a pretty view by moonlight — and they tell me it's no longer beset at night by bad characters, as it need to be in the old time." My mother, in graver and graver displea- enre, rose to retire to the drawing-room. "I confess you have disappointed me," sho said to Mr. MacGlue. " I should have thought you would have heen the last man to encourage my son in an act of im prudence." ' "Craving your pardon, madam, your son requires no encouragement. I can see for myself, that his mind is made np. Where is the use of a person like me trying to stop him? Dear madam, if he won't profit by your advice, what hope can I have that he will take mine ? " Mr. MacGlue pointed this artful oompli. ment by a bow of the deepest respeot, and threw open the doer for my mother to pass out. - When we were left together over our wine I asked the doctor how soon I might safely start on my journey to Edinburgh. " Take two days to do the journey ; and you may start, if you're bent on it, at the beginning of the week. But 'mind this," added the prudent doctor ; "though I own I'm anxious to hear what comes of your ex pedition — understand at the same time, so far as tho lady is concerned, that I wash my hands of the consequences." The doctor's iwrraHvo is not imaginary. It will he found related in full dotall, and authenticated bv ntuuos and dates, in Robert Dale Owen's very interest ing work called Footfallson the Boundary of Aboihir World. .Tbo author uladly takes this opportunity of acknowledging bis obligations to Mr. Owen's remark able book. 