^ßWINIER EXHIBITIONS. Iruoil A WKDOJ! OOItBBBPONDSHT.) It is not easy to pronounce on the eora «native merita of the winter exhibitions thi »ear (1878). as awhole, over last year's, becaus there is BO much inequality about them ttd there are, perhaps, a very few picture "¡rich are better than any of those of 1674 «till I am afraid there is more to be said fo the quantity than for the quality, except ii i case of M. Deschamp's French Gallery Siíglisb artist« aro not fortunate this time ,nd it looks as if they did not care to be There is o generally provalent opinion a "resent among art critics (your readers wil absolve me from the presumption of claim ing a placo among their ranks ; I am onlj m, Ht gossip) that painting is altogethei cn the decline, and that the "shot, and Blop" system which has sprung ni among the artists, owing to the demand for pictures by uneducated persons who car afford to poy largo prices for them, is nnder mining all the schools. I do not think the exhibitions which have recently opened are calculated to dispel this idea, whioh is e humiliating one. There is nothing new in tbe works of those native artists with whom ne ate familiar, and the on-comers lack originality as much as the veterans Tremí by reiteration. Just as in Paris one becomes almost sorry that Fro. menlin ever visited the Sahara, because he stuck fast ever after at those eternal Arabs in an atmosphere of sand and dust, investing the subject with monotony, while Gc'rôme, by making it only incidental, makes us recognise a desert picture by his great pencil with a thrill of delight ; so Mr. Ward's everlasting bits of Jacobite history, which have degenerated into mere studies of cos- tume and upholstery, are distinctly tiresome. Mannerism in subjectif) no less fatiguing than mannerism in treatment, and all our painters, with a few exceptions, among the painters of landscape are so addicted'to it, that one might write in the names in a catalogue of subjects merely, with a certainty of making very few mistakes. If there be a subject of which one is thoroughly weary it is Mr. Ward's "Execution of Montrose," but it stares us in the face, repeated for who can tell what number of times, and more lifeless and costume-y each time.as isstrictly natara' Mr. E. M. Ward, as a painter of historical subjects always reminds one of the old story of tbe Sunday-school class who were help- lessly pu t out in the repetition of their lesson which was the Apostles' Creed divided into danses-by the absence of "the boy who believed in the Holy Ghost." He has ac- quired a knowledge, it does not go very deep, nor does it take much grip of character of one epoch of the history of England, and he works away at that with most weari- some iteration. He is the painter who believes in curled wigs and steinkirks, in polished buckles, pretty pages, and c&rrotty; bair ; and picture-gallery- visiting mankind is, as the Yankees say, "unac- countable tired" of them all. We are also tired of Mr. Hodgson'B orientalism ; his faces ne all alike, and the accessories are all "property." It is impossible to regard the Eibibition of Cabinet Pictures in Oil with pride and pleasure this year ; not that those sentiments are very often inspired by it; ht there have been several "Dudleys" which were very much better. . It looks a hitle as if the leading artists had elected to "plump" for the dealers when they abstain from sending their works to the artist-managed gallery ; and this time very few of eminence are among the exhibitors. Mr. Watte, who is reported to,be hard at work on a great picture for the "Academy" ofnext year, sends a small hut very effective picturo, with the Tennysonian title, " The days that are no more." It is a strange study of colour. The rrabjoct is simply a pensive woman, with the absent eyes laid the grave mouth of a mourner-not for the recently dead perhaps, bat for the dear dead hours of old. She is defined against a golden background, and her rich quaint dress is a mixture of green and coral-the "new" green and the "new" coral which have been BO much worn this year, not the stating tints of those colours, whioh would be Bimply hideous in juxtaposition. The face strikes one as a portrait; it has certain lines which are not ideal, and the form is not that of a face merely thought of in troubled reverie. The artist has sent another picture, which is hardly more than sketched, it seemed to me, thongh an artist told me it was "finished," and this is far superior to the conventional sentiment of the pensive laily, It is called "Found Drowned," and it is a very impressive rendering of an awful though common truth ; just a waterside tragedy, Buch as we see notices of posted np at the police stations in numbsrs every week, and pass them by. But Mr. Watts carries ua away from the police station-(who can look at any picture of the kind, or read any report, without remember- ing that wonderful opening passage descrip- tive of tho river and the "bird of prey" ia that afterwards most disappointing of all Dickens's works, Our Mutual Friend!)-ana. carries us to the spot at which the "drowned" is "found." It is a murky London night, sud the dark mist and cheerless darkness of the terrible road-for the "silent highway" is awful at such times-show on the canvas, and come stealing out ' of it towards us. Amid the slush and slime «here they have lodged it, hard by the piles of a hage bridge, and where dark, bard hearted masses of masonry frown blackly upon the poor waif, the corpse of a woman is washed about in all the hideous abandonment and unsightly ruin of death bj drowning. Unnamed, unowned, lost and loathsome, there she lies, who was once dear to Bomebody at least, and perchance lovely. The treatment of this tragic subject by Mr, Watts is very impressive, and the effect of it lasts, as one goes on looking upon the more or less elegant futilities of the gallery, in which the commonplace has even s larger share of space and rank tb.au usual. Mr, Nettlesbip is an artist who is not so much known as ho ought to be, but his Dudley picture must bring him into notice, not only because it is remarkable among tho exhibits there, but because it would be a remarkable picture anywhere. Generally speaking, our artists are not groat in lions. The French painters beat them hollow in their representations of the king of the beasts. Never to be forgotten are GerOme's lions-I BOW them last spring at Goupil's, »id tried to give your readers a notion of »hat they were-but Mr. Nettleship, though not to be classed with GórOme, has painted » fine lion in his picture of "On the Trail." H is a boldly-conceived painting, in which the linen aro very simple and grand, and the Müorj, so to speak, is all in the grand animal's mind, for he is grand, though he ia prowling. It is an African scene, the »ty is blood-red, with the low sunset, »weltering of the clime, and on the horizon lies a pllod up menace of cloud and Wndatorm. A stagnant, foetid pool occupies the centre of tho painting, and the lion, hi« form slinking and stealthy, his step soft and noiseless, his tail drooped and carefully carried, as those terrible creatures carry their «¡Is when they are intent on the food-pro eating which is the business of their lives, « stealing along ita margin. Tho movement « the animal, the atmospheric effect, the Jeep colours of the sky, tho tawny coat of tho lion, the peculiar solitude and savagery o' the scene, altogether make up a most interesting and impressive picture. A few lovely landscapes adorn the walls, and specially one by Mr. Alma Tadema, oallel A Breezy Day in August "(which I had the Woasure of seeing in the artist's studio, »hera it showed to better advantage), in which aline of poplars swaying in the wind H1« ripples the cornfield and the meadow u beautifully painted, seen as English «hats do not see poplars-as a rule they P« trees misunderstood or unappreciated jnKngland-but foreigners know their value, wa learn their features and expression Generally speaking, it is a'pity for Mr. Aim» Tadema to abandon his classical style but one cannot, regret that he he made this charming escapade, for tb picture is one which makes the visite long to walk off with it, and there are m many in the gallery which lead one to desii a prolonged acquaintance with them. Madam Cazin, a French artist who is rapidly risin to considerable eminence, is an exhibitor t the Dudley, but I shall have more to say < her work presently, as it is to be seen at th French Artists* Exhibition and at It DeBcbamps', Mr. Edward Fahey, an Iris gentleman whose work has been gradual! growing into notice, has sent the picture i the entire collection which has the mo: fanciful and poetic charm. I thin he is the only artist to whom : has occurred to seek a subject from the little- promising source, tho penúltima! novel of Lord Lytton, Keneira Ohillingki But Mr. Fahey has painted a picture whic ought to rescue the Lily of that vague boo from the oblivion which has swallowed u the heroines of the turee distinct Bulveresqu periods. The flower-like, fair, pure, youn creature stands in a sheen of silvery light i a bower, about which countless butterfite are fluttering. The effect is very beautiful and the painter has made the scene more im piessive than the author made it. Since Mrs. Hewitt, who exhibited unde her maiden name of Florence Peel, was loe to us by death, there has been no really gres flower-painter among English artists. Mn Fildes and Mrs. Gosse (she was Mis Nelly Epps until her marriage) paint flower more than well, but they have nothing lik Mrs. Hewitt's comprehension of the nature the meaning, the language, the soul of th beautiful creatures, and their excellence i therefore limited to form and colour. Ever, flower which Mrs. Hewitt painted was at individual. Wo shall not look upon her lik again, I fancy. The French artist, M. Fan tin, contributes to the Dudley two groups o flowers which remind one of Mrs Hewitt's work. They are severally i bunch of roses and one of asters He has done some better things than thesi two groups, but they are very beautiful especially the little flaws and twists in thi flowers, the dints and nips in some of thi leaves, the touch of blight upon a stem ; al the truth of nature is brought out by hil skilful hand, and therefore his painted beau ties are thoroughly delightful ; tbey have not the stiff, heads np, parade look, which it the commonest fault of flower-painting The asters in particular look as if they hat just been gathered and brought in out of the wind, with all its freshness upon them. The surprises of the Dudley are contributed by Mr. Whistler, who is a sort of would-be Wagner among painters. Of late there has come into mis-use among art critics a kind ot musical jargon which is difficult to under- stand, and utterly confounding to the com. mon sense of ordinary mortals when its formula; bave been laboriously acquired, This peculiar and affected mode of ex- pression bas apparently originated with the school of artists and critics of which the Rossettis, Mr. Swinburne, and their imitators are the representatives. This jargon assimi- lates painting, indeed almost identifies it, with music, and makes oue wonder as one reads it whether it applies to objects which are to be seen with the eyes, or to sounds which are to be, heard with the ears. It talks about tone, harmony, notes, and these are tolerably comprehensible; but it goes far beyond these flights, and leaves ordinary intelligences far behind, when it dubs a series of pictures " Noc- turnes," and explains them all by a criticism which might be transferred to a piece of muBic. Mr. Whistler is the painter of those "Nocturnes," and he seems to have ex- hausted in them the possibilities of affectation in art We are required to believe that a mass of blurred blacks and greys, with spots of colour in it, is a grand poetic representa, tion of the glittering " whizz " of a shower of rockets from the Crystal Palace through the air ; and that something which we can dimly make put to be meant for planks, a stone pier, and water, with a sooty atmosphere, is a poet-painter's river dream at midnight We look at these absurdities submissively enongb, and perhaps take the jargoneers' word for it that it is all very fine art, bat we do not believe it in our hearts, at least it is not the kind of art which gives pleasure, and that we do not think art should overlook or disdain as an object. Unfortunately, there is a great deal of affectation prevalent just now in both literature and art, and it is an unhealthy feature. At the private view of the French Gallery which has more British than foreign pictures in it this year-I had my attention directed by a real critic, not a jargoneer, to M, Beitrand's "Lesbia." One is apt to pay but little attention to a painting if it represents a' hackneyed subject, and Lesbia's sorrow for her sparrow has become rather trite. But I recognised the strangeness, and the power of the French artist's treatment of the classical subject Nothing can be less con- ventionally classical, and the picture is moro expressive, more meaningful than the large one of the same subject in front of which groups used to form in this year's salon at Paris. M. Bertrand is one of the most re- fined of the French artists, and in this smaller picture there is perfect refinement not a touch of glare, not a hint of exaggera- tion. To be sure, Lesbia, in her white gar- ment, severely simple, but beautifully true in its hues and to its textile fabric, is a French girl, and her skin has no glow and gloss upon it .of the Roman sun : but she is beautiful and graceful in her profound stillness and meditation. This is a painting which grows strangely upon one's liking-a picture to which one returns, even though the sentiment in it is of the super- ficial and affected kind. The gallery has not much to attract, unfortunately. The head of Christ, which was so much discussed last week, and which I described in one of my letters, is still on view in a separate room, and still attracts a great deal of curiosity. There are only a few remarkable pictures be- sides, and tbey are chiefly remarkable as samples of clever execution. I cannot find evidence of a higher standard of motives, of more elevated taste in the selection of subjects than last year, when those struck everybody as being deficient. This again does cot apply to landscapes, of which there are some very beautiful, among many indifferent specimens. Mr. Goodall has a good picture, "The Seller of Doves," in his second-best eastern manner, but one grows tired of Mr, Goodall's polished pictures, which, if they have the eastern colouring, seem to lack the eastern picturesqueness somehow, and have a tendency to provoke one as Sir Charles East lake's Italian pictures provoked. Since the success of his "Babylonian Marriage Maiket " we look out with interest for any work of Mr. Long's, and this time his "Tbisbo" does not disappoint us. Mr. Long is in earnest about his work, and there is conscientiousness as well as talent in all that he does. "Thisbs" waa painted before the famous Academy picture of last season, and is, of its kind, quite equal to it. There is some resemblance in the faco of the girl listening to the love tale told under such aggravating difficulties and one of the beauties in the Babylonian picture ; but Thiabo is brighter, more intelligent-looking, than any of them, as well she may be, under circumstances of so much more advantage. The eager attention of the listener, as she applies her rosy ear to. the chink in the wall -she has climbed into a recess, and is safe happy, triumphant, poor Thisbe !-is admir- ably expressed ; the face speaks, the lips almost seem to breathe out the words which are Becking bel heart through the gate of her ear. Among landscapes by English artists in this gallery, Mr. Leader's " Silver Thames" and "Happy Summer Days" are the most noticeable ; but one is obliged to wish that be had not given his pictures such dreadfully overworked names. It would-be so much better merely to call them by the names of the spots which they represent-one, a stretch of the Thames, withwaterlilieB, which I never saw on the main river in any part o! its length ; the other, a peaceful Welsh valley, with some beautifully-drawn birch trees in the foreground. These are paintings which it would be a real -eat and pleasure to possess, and the same may be'said of one which hongs near them, and, liko thom, has a pro- voking name. This is Mr. Johnson's " Sum- mer Eve." It is tender, solemn, and beauti- ful. The rugged foreground, almost lost in the twilight, is Been to be wonderfully painted when one makes it out thoroughly, under the deep shadow cast by a hill, and the glow behind some fine trees-one feels that each one is a portrait-is as beautiful as anything one could dosire to see in point- ing. The special feature of tho Exhibition in landscapes 1B, however, the Munich contri- bution. Of late years that unfortunately placed city of the least picturesque of plains has established a school of landscape art which has won a good deal of recognition. The samples which it has sent us by Wind marir, Munthe, and Lindstrom are all of the cold and sad order-snow and twilight pictures-and there is no hint of a Bavarian Bummer anywhere. Herr Windmarir's " Eve- ning-Bavaria," is a solemnly beautiful painting, small size; and Herr Muathe's "Winter" is the most effective painting in the entire collection. It is very dreary, but, nB the Yankee said to Martin Chuzzlewit in the train, obout Eden, "dreadful true" that blank expanse of frozen and fresh fallen snow, with the shivering figures Blinking along under the sallen grey skies, which look as if the sun had definitely re- tired from business. Not lesB effective is a companion picture by the same master called "Winter's Eve," in which the cold yellow twilight makes a waste of snow more wastey. Of course, these are imitations of Corot; every one imitates him, even the Germans, whose various schools have nothing in common with his views, his method, or his manner. Of course, the imitators only succeed in reproducing some of the most extreme of his mannerisms. At M. Charles Deschampa' gallery in Bond Btreet- that of the Society of French Artists - we find Belgian, Norwegian, and English artists more numerously represented than contemporary French- men, Here we have Munthe again, and Corot, the real, not the imitation. M. Deschampa' collection is very much superior to the others, and the gallery is an ex- ceedingly pleasant place to visit, because of its artistic arrangement and its fitting up, which is at once luxurious and elegant. Colours are deliciously blended here, and seats of the most comfortable construction are so judiciously disposed that one is tempted to linger long in contemplation of the works of L'hermitte, Boybet, Jules Breton, Munsakey, Montbard, and Madame Lazin. There are not too many pictures to see in these two charming rooms, and they are almoBt all worth seeing. Among female painters in France Madame Lazin is taking a high place ; but there is some danger of her risking its permanency by over production. She is represented in the Dud- ley and in the British and Foreign Artists (commonly called the French Gallery, which I have just glanced at), and she sends no less than nine pictures to M, Charlea Des- champa. In several of these one feels that Madame Lazin has attempted too much. Her Picardy villages, ponds, taverns, and roads are all good, full of character, and executed in a bold, if sometimes in a heavy style, bnt she fails in clouds and atmosphere. Her "Storm" is not in the least impressive- there is no wind in it; the " boisterous ratler" has not left his cave at her call, and the sky is a mere daub) of random colours on a flat surface. It is a great pity that Bhe exhibits this ambitious attempt, for it is an annoying failure amid much of her work, which conveys a great deal of peaceful pleasure to the beholder. It is an agreeable Burprise to be called on to admire Munsakey in any aspect BO little sombre as that presented by his fine paint- ing " Fallen Leaves." One always thinks of his Rôdeurs de Mist, or his scenes of hard repulsive toil, and groups of coarse feminine ugliness ; splendidly painted, indeed, but nnpleaslng; and here we have nothing more lugubrious than a grey afternoon scene in early winter, a time, however, when Mansaksy's favourite browns and duns are all in fashion, with a pale moon rising, some gaunt trees, a grassy foreground, and a gar- dener sweeping away a quantity of ferns, roots, and leaves. This is a very fine pic- ture, and the mist among the trees is much more miBty, much lighter, and more trans- parent than any work I have yet seen from this artist's brush. I have seen almost every- thing he has done for five yeare, and he told me himBelf his chief difficulty was his "heavy handedness," Judging by this picture, Ishould say he has surmounted it. Some more of Mr. Whistler's obscure affectations exhibit themselves here, and again with musical names-there ia one absolutely unintelligible thing called "A Harmony in Grey," which might be, or be called, anything else just as appropriately-but one is relieved to find a few "studies" by him, hung upon a screen, in which there is some meaning, combined with the good drawing for which he may safely be trusted, M. L'hermitte, who has long been known as a draughtsman, is only a student as yet of colour. His "Pilgrimage," a Breton scene, proves that he is mastering its difficulties. Two paintings by Boybet, one called "A Page," in which the details of a multitude of miscellaneous and beauti- ful objects aro more remarkable than the boy who is handling a splendid inlaid musket; and the other called "A Mus- keteer, " in which wo find the gun in the hand of a fine grim soldier, are perhaps the best figure pictures of the collection, which merits more detailed description than my space admits. The exhibition is valuable as afford- ing us a proof of the activity and the promise among the young foreign artists ; and it is in the light of an exhibition of contemporaries that we ought to regard and prize it. Never- theless, the chief attraction is the great Corot, thedelicloiiB, tender, solemn, beautiful, "Lake of Norm'," one of the master's ad- mitted chefs d' ouvres, and in presence of which one feels, howevor well one knows them, one learns his charm and his might afresh. _ 