f New Poem by Swinburne. A FORSAKEN GAUDEN. Ik a coign nf the cliff between lowland and highland, At the sea-down's edge between wind wardand lee, Walled round with rocks as an island island, Xhe ghost of a garden fronts tbe sea A girdle of brushwood and thorn encloses Tho Bteep square slope of the blossomlcsB bed Where the weeds that grew green from the graves of its roses -? Now lie dead. The fields fall southward, abrupt and broken, To the low last edge of the long lone land. If a step should sound or a word bespoken, Would a ghost net rise at tho strange guest's hand ? So long have tbe grey bare walks iainguestless, Threunh branches and briers if a man make way, He shall find no life hut tho cea-«ind e, restless . Right and day. ? The densi hard pastagc is blind and stifled - That crkwls by a track none turn to climb To the strait waste place that the years have rifled Of ell but the thorns that are touched not of time. The thorns he rparen when the rose is taken ; The rocks arc left when he wastes the plain. The mad that wanders, tho weeds 'Wind-shaken, Those remain. Not a flower to be prest of the foot that falls not ; As tbe bears of a dead man tho seed-plot* are dry ? From the thicket of thorns whence the nightingale calls not, Could she call, there wero never a rose to reply. Orer tho meadows that blossom and wither Itings but the note of a son-bird song ; Oaly the eun and the rain came hither All year long. The sun burns sera and the rain dishevels One gaunttleal; blossom of scent lees breath. Only the wind here noyers and revels . Iu around where life seems barren »b death. ; ' Here there wai laughing of old, there was Weeping, Haply, of lovers none ever will know, 'L , , Whose eyes west seaward a hundred sleeping Years ami. Heart uandfast in heart as they stiosd, ?' Laiik thither,' Did he waisperV 'took forth from the.flowers to the .so*; .... ; . .'?_....- . ': For the foam flowers endure, when the roM-blonsoms wither,- ' ? ' ? ? And mem th»t love lightly -may die— but we ?' - And the same wind sang and the same waves whitened, And or ever the garden's last petals were' sh«d, In the lips that had whispered, the eyes that had lightened, . Love was dead. Or tlwy lovtd their life through, and then went whither? And urerc ono to the cud —but what end who knows ? Love deep as the sea as a rose must wither, - As the rose-rod seaweed thatanbeks the' 'rose. ? : - Shall (the dead take thoughtfor the dead to love them? What love was ever as deep as o grave ? They ate loveless now as the grass above them Or the wave..' '.- ? All are ot one now, roses ano lovers, »ot known .of tho cliffs and the fields and the sea. . Not a breath ©f the time that has been bovers In die air now soft with a summer to be. ? Not a breath shall there sweeten the sessona hereafter Of the flowers or the lovers that laugh now or weep, When as they that axe free now -of weeping and Unghter .-'.'' We shall sleep. '':''.'.''???? Herfl death may deal nst again for ever ; Here change may come not till all change end. From 'the graves they havo mido they' shall rise up never, Whs have left nought living to ravaee and rend. Earth, stones, and thorns of tbo wild ground growing, while the sun and the ti'm live, these shall be ; Till a last wind's breath upon all these blowing Boll thesea. Till the Blow sea rise and the sheer cliff crumble, Tillterrace and meadow the deep gulfs drink, Till the strength of the waves of tbe high tides bnmMe The fields that lessen, the rocks tliat shrink, Here now in his triumph where all things falter, Stretched out on the spoils that his own hand spread, As a god self-Rlain on his own strange altar, Death lies dead. A JO. SwnrBOis B . ia tiie courseof .his thermochemical researches, M Julius- Thomp'*a has fiosae to gold and its com ponnds. on which- he has a paper in a recent number of JovriuU fur Prihitchi Gktmie. He observed throe allotropic rnricties of gold thrown down from iliffercut solutions, or with different means of redaction. Reduced from chloride solution by sulphurous acid, t,be gold form a a balled mass V from .bromide sslution in tbe same way, a Cup dark powder ; and from chlornrel, bromurcl, iodured, n very fine powder, with metallic brilliancy and yellow colour. The heat energy ia least in the case of gold thrown down from the chloride; in that from the bromide it is 3 200 cal. greater ; and in that from the chlohiel,&c;, 4.706c. gres.ter for each gold atom. ? Nearly 2000 nlante of flerea, BrasiliaasiB have j^en ae^tihedtoOeyloD.:. This i« the indiarnbber tnec^^1*1^ wnichyields~^ie best cuatchonc, end (he viatJ*. ^re Keen iaiwdln and despatched from 3tew GanienB within two tnonths. Others are to be sent to J8ngi.'pora and Burnlih; Some plants of Cas &L;& &kktack;, ox the caoktchpac tree 61 Central Ame rica, -hav» toetf «nt*rrOay3(«i.;aBhe pfent»tioii« oF Ohlncnona on the JJfciigherfy Hills are very successful , nearly 3,000,000 plants being sow flourishing lum liantly, besides many others, in private piantatinns. Nearly 30,0001b ef bark ware shipped to London fcoia the Government plantations in 1875. Th» Mnnit/.,,,' fUnimfUlmie. I at Auoiist conteins an interesting paper by MtC Manetti and Husor on the employment of salicylic add in the daily industry. They describe four series of experiments made in order to elucidate tha influence of salicylic acid (1) ox the preservation of milk, (2) on theaeparation of en em, (3) on the preservation of butter, (4) en the course of the phenomeuDU of coseifi cation. The addition of a littleof the add to milk, by processes and in proportions that are specifier!, is shown to retard considerably the. acidification and coagulation of the liquid, without gyr ing it a disagreeable taste or smell, or making it in the least injurious to health; withont diminishing the yield of butter and of cheese, br altering their quality. The use of salicylic acid is recommended as economical in two cases : — 1. For preserving cream on small farmB wncre butter is prcparad only a few times in the week. 2\. 1'or preserving butter-in localities where rooms enn nOu UO U5.U WUOBe temperature IB uuuc* v-c uvg. wi,ui tor keeping from rancidity butter that has to be sent loug distauues in the summer months. A writer in tbe Scientific American, citing s^mo cases of anesthesia peculiarly produced (as that of Dr. Livingstone when eh&kcu; by the lion, a man who lost his finger at a revolving saw without noticing it, fcc), thinks they suggest «? principle and a lino of experi ment which might, if investigated aud followed out, 'result ia si blessiug to humtnity. The priuc;ple is this : That rapid vibration, or a series of sudden concaat ions, ovea though slight, and nbt painful of themselves, will produce, in the part subjected to the treatment, a uumbness or insensibility in thr- nerves, whicli may bo ? imuierJiately followed by a surgical operation, witn out '»iu or inconvenienceto the patieut. Tlie* inc-;(jis for carrying out this priiidplo are subject for experi ment. There is a disease which has wrought great havoc among l-Vnch troops in Couhin-Chiua ; it is known us Cochin-China diarrhoea. It has been found by Dr. Normand to be connected with the presence of a certain parasite, Anguitlula itercoralie, ?]mm. in length (but very thin), which lodges at first iu the intestinal tis.Huee. Dr. Normand observed tho young animal in a kind of sheath of nucleated matter, from which it maOo strenuous efforts to escape, and at length succeeded, moving about thereafter iu a very lively way. In seme cases of tho attack the evil is Boon suppressed by a rational diet, milk bein i found the best remedy. In others, though tho diarrbosa, may bo overcome, the worm continued to live aud multiply, and the diges tive functions are much disordered; proteic fo»d pass ing q'ite undigested, and a long coutiuuance of this frequently proven fatal. 