THE "WHOLE FAMILY! ?A SBEMON BT THE REV. OAKOK EYM, M.A.. : ; ,,.The whole family ia heaven and earth. "-Er ir. lu. 15. took at the words of this text, and ponder them well. «ware words 'which ought to stir some feelings in our ' indi at any time. There lives not tho mau or woman on rfh who ls not member of some "family." The poorest «well« the richest hath his kith and kin, and can tell you ' Lethlng of his «' faiiiily/' . ' _ _ Family gatherings at Christmas, we all know, are very mmmon Thousands of firesides are crowded then, if at no nthsrtJme ot the year. The young man in town snatches «few days from business, and takes'a run down to the old folks at home. Tho young woman iu service , gets a short holWay ami comos to visit lier father and mother. Brothers «id sisters meet fora few hours. Parents and children look «ne another in the face. How much there is to talk about ! How many finest ions to be asked! How many interesting ihincstobe told ! Happy indeed is that fireside which sees withered round il. at Christmas '* the whole family !" Family i gatherings are natural, and right, aud good. I inprove them with ull my heart. It does me good to see thatn,JieRt up. They ure ono of tho few pfeasaut things trhicli have survived the fall of mau. Next to the graco of God I see no principio which unites people so much in this sinful world us family feeling. .Community of blood is a mast powerful tie. I have often observed that people will Mind up for their relations-aud refuse to hear a word against them-evou when they have no sympathy with their tutes and ways. Anything that helps to Keep up family feeling ought to be commended. It is a wise thing, when it can be done, to gather together "the w hole family." Family gatherings, nevertheless, are often sorrowful things. It would be stango indeed, in sucha world as this, if they «re not. Pew ar« the family circles which do not show gaps »nd vacant places ns years pass away. Changes and death make sad havoc os time goes on. Thoughts will rise up within us, as wo grow older, about faces and voices no longer with us, which no merriment can entirely keep down. When the young members of tho family have once begun to launch, forth Into the world, the old heads may long survive the scattering of the nest. But after a certain time, it seldom: happens that you see together " the whole familv." And now let me tell you of a great family to which I want you to belong. It is a family despised by many, and not even known by some. But it is a family or far more import- ance than any family on earth. 'Po belong to it entitles a manto far greater privileges than to be the son of a king. It is the family of which St. Paul speaks to the Ephesians, when he tells them of the " whole family of heaven and earth." It is the family of God. Hear me while, as a minister of Ohrist, and friend to your sont, I talk for a few minutes about "the whole family of heaven and earth .." I. First of all, what is this family P II. Secondly, what is its present position ? III. Thirdly, what are its future prospects? I wish to unfold these three things before you, and I Invite your serious consideration of them. Our gatherings on earth mast have an end one day, I. What is that family which the Bible calls " the family of heaven and earth?'' Of whom does itconsist? The family before us consists of all real Christians-of all who have the Spirit-of all true believers iu Christ-of tho saints of every age, and church, and nation, and tongue. It includes the blessed company of fnithf ul people. It is the same as the election of God-the household of faith-tho mystisalbodyof Christ-the bride-the living temple-the sheep that never pacish- the Church of tho first-born-the holy catholic Church. All these expressions are only "the family of God" under other names. Membership of tho family before us loes not depend on any earthly connection. It comes not. bv natural birth, but by new birth. Ministers cannot impart it to their hearers. Parents cannot give it to their children. You may be born in the godliest family in the land, and enjoy the richest means of grace a Churoh can supply, and yet never can be- long to the family of God. To belong to it you must be born .Kain. None but the Holy Ghost can make a living member of His family. It is His special oilice and prerogative to bring Into the true Church such as shall be saved. They that are born again are born, " not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." (John!. 13.) Do you ask the reason of this name which the Bible gives to the (company of all true Christians? Would you lite to I know why they are called " a family ?" Listen, and I will tell you. True Christians are called a " family" because they have one Father. They are all children of God by faith iu Christ Jesus," They are all boru of oue Spirit. They ore all sous »nd daughters of the Lord Almighty. They have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby they cry, Abba Eather. (Gal. Ul. 36; John iii. 8; 2 Cor. vi. 18; Rom. viii. 16.) They do not regard God with slavish fear, as an austere Boing, only ready lo punish them. They look to him with tender conli dsaoe as a reconciled and loving parent, as one forgiving lnqulty, trangression, and sin, to all who believe on Jesus, and full of pity even to tho least and feeblest. Tho words, "OurFather which art in heaven,"are no mere form in tho j mouth of true Christians. Ño wonder they are called God's "family." True Christians are called "a family," because they all »jolee ID one name. That name ls the name of their groat Head and Elder Brother, even Jesus Christ the lord. Just M s common family name is kthe uniting link to all tho members of a Highland clan, so does the name of Jesus'tle all believers together in one vast family. As members of out ward visible churches they hnve various names and distin- guishing appellations. As living members of Christ, they »ll, with one heart and mind, rejoice in one Saviour, Not a heart amongst them but feels drawn to Jesus ns the only object of hope. Not a . tongue among them but would tell you Christ ls all. Sweetto themall is the thought of Ohrist's death forthem on the cross. Sweet is the thought^ Christ's intercession forthem at the right baud of God. Sweet is the I thought of Ohrist's coming again to unlto them to Himself in one glorified company for ever. In fact, you may as well wke away the sun out of heaven, as take away the name of unrlss from believers. To tho world there may seem little . T* "P10, To believers it is full of comfort, hope, joy, rest, and peace.. No wonder they are called "a family." ?h»ru? 0urist,inSi above all, uro called " a family" because «n ÍS,"J0 stron£ a family likeness among them. They are fnoJÎT y"on.Q 8Ph"lt', and are marked by the samo general m» i 2 1|if9' lleart« taste» aH<i churactev. Just as thoro is a general bodily resemblance amoug (JiG brothers and sisters y«. 80 there ls a general spiritual resemblance îh?-gna.11 ,tno 80,18 ancl daughters of the Lord Al mighty. «i»7.. ,mte 8,n*>nd love God. l'hoy all irest their hope of Kn", Ohrlat/and have no oouüdonce iu themselves. i,^tt" endeavour to come out and bo separate from tho .Thli.M. world»aud toset their affections on things above. thSL-tl' pm naturally to the same'Blblo as tho only food of ^souls, abd the only sure guide lu their pilgrimage to- ward heavea. They lind lt a " lamp to their feet, and a light Xn»J l?ath' (Pal. oxlx. 105.) They all go to tliB Banoo (Tní ". V ,grflce m Pwyor, and lind it us needful to speak to ofa^t0 biettthe. They all live bv the same rule, tho Word IheV h 8it,rlvo to eonform their daily life to its precepts, fahfi u9 n11 tne 8ame Inward experience. Repentance, ^th'mS?p1.e'.,cuarlty' humility, linward conflict, are things th«r W.« ,. h,ey are a11 moi,e o* less acquainted. No wonder n|f MTe ca »ed » a family." mtXifT. l,iow Pas8 on t0 the second thing which I pro lamZ tJPSD8luer. What Is the présent position of tho whole .uXi i^M10^'1110111 ftm directing your attention this dav dence n?.i ntn,two «reat parts. Buch part has its own resl and nníM.1íroll,11íí-Placo' P«'t of the family ls hi heaven, ttrelv «Bnn.°.n ?Q,rthl ir°r the Present the two parts ar« en lutba «iSSïa7i1 r.n,a ouo another. But they form one body Union K °í 9cA> though »'ßsfdent fis. two places ; sud their o"'"lure to come ono day. tnthat iSo"« di'â,famlly are 8afo ltt beaven. They aro ab rest (Luke il»? *ß'?h the Lord Jesu'8 ** Pressly calls *' Parad ise." have fifi ; Tnoy have imished their course, They fork. mffi* t,helr battle. They have done their appointed' '^elrcrosB T|mVö jearnodtheh' [es90m' 'i,hey have carried Wobh*îm» Tlloy, ,have passed through tho waves of this '- TT1world aud roached the harbour. Little as we wv ?!lem{^° kaow that they are happy. OJhcy are ser troubled hy sin and temptation. They have said good-bye for ever to poverty and anxiety, to palo and j sickness, to sorrow and tears. They are with Olirist Himself, who loved them and gave Himself for them, and in His com-:, pany they must needs be happy. They have nothing to fear in looking back to the past. They have nothing to dread In looking forward to things to come. Three things only ave lacking to mako their happiness complete. These three are .the second advent of Ohr.stln glory, the resurrection of thoir own bodies, and the gathering together of all believers. And of these three things they are sure. . Some of God's family are still upon earth. They are scat- tered to and fro in the midst of a wicked world, a few in »no place and a few in another. All are more or less occupied in che same way, according to the measure of their grace. All are running a race, doiug a work, warring, a warfare, carry- ing a cross striving against sin, resisting tile devil, crucify- ing tho flesh, struggling againBt tho world, witnessing tor Ohrist, mourning over their own hearts, hearing, reading, and praying, however feebly, for the lifo of their souls. Each is often disposed to think no cross so heavy as his own, no work so difficult, no henrt so hard. But each and all hold on their way, a wonder to the ignoraut world around them, and of ten a wonder to themselves. i But however divided God's family may bo at present in dwelling-place and local habitation, it isfstill ono family. Both parts of it are still one in character; one in possessions, and one in relation to God. The part in heaven Shas not so much superiority over the part on earth as at first sight may appear. The difference between the two is only, one of de- gree. Both parts of the family are saints. But the saints on earth are often poor weary pilgrims who find the flesh lust- ing against the spirit and the spirit lusting against the flesh, so that they cannot, do the things they would." (Gal. v. 17.) They live in thu midst of an evil world, and aro often sick of themselves and of the siu they see around them. The saints in heaven, on the contrary, are delivered from the world, the flesh ana the devil, and enjoy a glorious liberty. They aro called " tho spirits of just mon made perfect." (Heb. Both parts of the family are alike God's children. But the children in heavon have learned all their lessons, have finished their appointed tasks, have begun an eternal holiday. The children on earth are st ill ut, school. They are daily learning wisdom, though slowly and with ipuch trouble, and often needing to be reminded of their post lessons by chastisement and tho rod. Their holidays are yet to come. Both parts of the family are alike God's soldiers. But tbs soldiers on earth are yet militant. Their warfare is not ac- complished. Their fight is not over. They need everyday to put on the whole armour of God. The soldiers in heaven are all triumphant. Nojenemy can hurt them now. No fiery dart can reach them. Helmet and shield moy both bo laid aside. Thoy may atlast say to the sword of the Spirit, rest and be still. They may at length s't down, and need not to watch and stand on guard. III. I will now pass on to the last thing which I promised to consider. What are the future prospects of the whole family in heaven and earth ? The future prospects of a family 1 What a vast amount of uncertainty these words open up when we look at any family now in the world 1 How little we can toll of tho things coming on any of us 1 What a mercy that we do not know the sorrows, and trials, and separations, through which our beloved children may have to pass, when we nave left the world I It is a mercy that we do not know " what a day may bring forth," and a far greater mercy that wo do not know what may happen in twenty years. (Prov, xxvii. 1.) Foreknowledge of the future prospeots of our belongings would spoil many a familygathering, and fill the whole party with gloom. j .Think how many a fine boy, who is now the delight of his parents, will by and by walk in the prodigal's foatsteps, and never return home I Think how manya lair daughter, the joy of amoiher's heart, will follow the bent of her self- will after a few years, and insist on some miserable marriage1 Think how disease and pain will often lay low tho loveliest of a family circle, aud make her life a burden and weariness to herself, if not to others I Think of the endless breaches and divisions arising out of money matters 1 Alas 1 there is mauy a life-long quarrel about a few pounds, between those who once played together in the same nursery. Think of these things! The "future prospeots" of many a family are a solemn and serious subject. Hundreds, to say the least, are gathering together for the last time. . When they part they will never meet again. But, thank God, there is one great family whose prospects are very different. It is the family of which I am speaking and commending to your attention. The future prospeots of the family of God are not uncertain. They are good, and only good,-happy, and only happy. Listen to me, and I will try to set them in order before you. 'The members of Gods family shall be broucht safe home one day. Here upon earth they may be scattered, tried, tossed with tempests, and bowed down with afflictions. But not one of them shall perish. (John x. 28.) The weakest lamb shall not be left to perish in the wilderness. The feeblest child shall not be missing when the muster-roll is brought out at tho last day. In spite of the world, the flesh, and the devil, the whole family shall get home. " If, when we were enemies, wo were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life." ! Cltom. v. 10.) ' The members of God's family shall all have glorious bodies one day. When the Lord Jesus Christ comes the second time the dead saints shall all be raised and the living shall all be changed. They shall no longer have a vile mortal body, i full of weakness and infirmities. They shall have a body like that of their risen Lord, without the slightest liability ta I siokness and pain. They shall no longer bo clogged and hlndred by an aching frame when they want to serve God. They shall be able to serve Him night and day without wea- riness, and to attend upon Him without distraction. The former things will have passed away. That word will be ful- filled, "I make all things new." (Rev. xxl. B.) The members ot God's family shall be gathered into one company one day. It matters nothing where they have lived or where they have died. They may have been separa- ted from one another both by time and space. One may have lived in tents, with Abraham, Issac, and Jacob, and another travelled by raliway in our own day. One may have laid his bones in an Australian desert, and another may have boen buried in an English churchyard. It makes no diffe- rence. All shall be gathered together, from north and south, and east and west, and meet in ono happy assembly to part no more. The earthly partings of God's family aro only for a few days. Their meeting is for eternity. It matters little where we live. It is a time of scattering now, and not gather- ing. It matters little where we die. All graves are equally near to Paradise. But it does matter much whethor we belong to God's family. If we do we aro sure to meet again at last. The members of God's family shall all be united in mind and judgmeut one day. They are not so now about many little things. About the things needful to salvution there is a marvelous unity among them. About many speculative points in religion, about forms of worship and church go vein ment, they often sadly (llsagieee. But there shall be no disagreement among them one day. Ephraim shall no longer vex Judah, u»r Judah Ephraim. Churchmen shall no moro quarrel with Dissenters, nor Dissenters with Churchmen. Partial knowledge and dim vision shall be at au end forever. Divisinns und separations, misunderstandings and misconstructions, shall be buried and forgotten. As there shall only be oue language, so there shall ouly be ono opinion. At last, nftor six thousand yeaiB of strife and jangling, perfect unity und harmony shall be found. A family shull at length bo shown to angels and men in which all are of one mind. The members of God's family shall all bo perfected in holi- ness ono day. They are not literally perfect now. Though born agalu, and renewed after the image of Christ, they oftVuid und fall short in many things.' None know it better than they do themselves, lt is their grief and sorrow that they do not lovo God more heartily and serve Him more faithfully. But they shall be completely freed from all cor- ruption ono day. Last, but not least, the members of God's family shall all bo eternally provided for oue day. When the affairs of this sinful world aro finally wound up aud settled, Mure shall bo an evflrlasting portion for all the sous and daughters of the Lord Almighty. Noe oven tho weakest of them shall be over- looked ana forgotten. There shall be something for every- one, according to his measure. Tho smallest vesiel of grace, as well as tho greatest, shall bo filled to the brim with glory. These prospects of God's family aro groat realities. Thov are nob vague shadowy talk, of man's invention. They aro real true tlilugs, and will be seen as such before long. They deserve your serious consideration. Examine them well. Look round the families of earth with which you are ac- quainted, the richest, the greatest, the noblest, tho happiest. Where win you find one among them nil which can show prospeots to comparo with those of which you have just heard. The earthly riches, lu many a cnBe, will bo gone iu a hundred years hence. Tho noble blood,'in many a case, will not prevent some disgraceful deed staining tho family name. The happinbss, in muny cases, will bo found hollow and Boom- ing. Pew, indeed, aro tho homes which have not a secret sorrow or "a skeleton in the closet." Whether for present possessions or future prospects, there is no family so well off as '.' the whole family in heaven and earth." whether you look at what they have now, or will have hereafter, there is: no family like the family of G-od. . ?. . ..My tusk is done, It only remains to dose with a f ewNvords of.practical application. Give rae your attention for the last time. May God bless what I am going to say to the good of your soul ! (1.) I ask you a plain question. It is a simple ques- tion, but a solemn one,-Do you. yet belong to the family of GodP To the family of God, remember 1 This is the point of my : question. It, is no answer to.say that you are a Protestant, ' or a Churchman, or a Dissenter.' I want to hear of some . thing more and better than that. I want you to have some ' soul-satisfying and soul-saving religion,-a religion that will give you peace while - you live, and hope when you die. To have such peace and hope you must be something more than a Protestant or a Churchman, or a Dissenter. You must be- long to " the family of God." Thousands around you do not belong to it, I can well believe. But that is nb reason why you should not. If you do not yet belong to God's family, I iuvite you this day to join it without delay. Open your eyes to see the value of your soul, the sinfulness of sin, the holiness of God, tho danger of your present condition, the absolute necessity of a miglnVy change. Open your ey ss to see these things, and repent this very day,-Openyour eyes to see the great Head of God's family, even Jesus Christ waiting to save your soul, Bee how he has loved you, lived for yoii, died for |you, risen again for !yon, and obtained complete redemption for you. See how He offers you free, full, immediate purdon, if you will believe in Him,. Open your eye to seo these things. Beek Christ at once. Come and believe ou Him, and commit your soul to His keeping this very day. (a.) If you really belong to the wholo family in heaven aud earth, count up your privileges, and learn to be moro thankful. Think what a mercy it is f.o have something which the world can neither glvo «or take away,-something which is independent of sicknesa or poverty,-something which is your own for evermore. The old family fireside will soon be ] cold und tenantlees. The old family gatherings will soon bo past and gone for ever. ' Tho loving faces we now delight to gaze on are rapidly leaving us. The cheerful voices which now welcome us will soon be silent in the grave. But, thank God, if we belong to Ohrist's fumily there is a better gather- ing yet to come. Let us often think of it and be thankful l The family gathering of all God's people will make amends for all that their religion has cost them. A meeting where none are missing,-a meeting whero there are no gaps and empty places,-a meeting.where there ure no tears;-a meet- ing where there is no parting,-such a meeting as this is worth a fight and a struggle. And such a meeting is yet to come to '* the whole family in heaven and earth " In the mean time let us strive to live worthy of the'family to which we belong. Let us labour to do nothing that may cause our Father's house to be spoken against. Let us en- deavour to make our Master's name beautiful by our temper, conduct, and conversation. Let us love us brethren, and abhor all quarrels. Let us behave as if the honour of tho family depended on our behaviour. Bo living, by the grace of God, we shall make our calling und election sure, both to ourselves and others. So living we may hope to have an abundant entrance, and to enter harbour in full sail, whenever we change earth for heaven. So living, we shall recommend our Father's family to others, and perhaps, by God's blessing incline them to say, " we will go with you." 