T'lE OREAT O' OLEY INQUEST. ?hi neighbour William Cooley had a bro tlher named ThIosana, who lived at a place called Vandyke, in New Castle county. T'holnas Cooley wias, inl solme respects, a very remarkablo man. lie was gifted with genihus but it was genius of an impracti cable kind. He was an inventor, andl during the later years of his life lie do voted all his tiime to the work of donatrIut ing lurprising machines which' would never do anything when they were con structed. Down lit the patent office they got Ho at bust that when a now model and specifics tions would conic along froms Cooley, the commnissioner ansd clerks would grant hint a patent on the spot, for they knsew, from. a rich and generonus experience, that whell Cooley invented anything it was perfectly ccrtains to be unlike any other conltrivance ever conceived by the mind of fallen mItn; and they were aware, at any rate', that lobody who wias susie enlough to be at large woult ever want to interfere wills Cooley's exclusive right to pill togetlher such a bewildering and useless lot of cranks and anxleO and wheels. I think Caoley had about two hundlred patents of various kindsl; and besides the machines and dodges thus protected by law, he owned scores of others which were nlever heard of in Washington or anywhere else but at Cooley's horle. Cooley had; a kind of "Lden" of his own in the gh·rret. lie used to shult hiinself up in this for holrHs together while le per fected Iis inventioss or conducted his chlemical investigations. ]lis last idea wasi that lie couldl put together a conmpuulnd which would rule gunpowder out of tlhe market, and make the destruction of arnnies and navies comparatively easy. And so, for a time, Mrs. Cooley, while bustling about in the vicinity of the den, instead of hearing tile buzz and huln of wheels and the click of the hanlmer, would sniff terrific smells, evolved by the irre rpressible Cooley fromt the contents of his laboratory. And one day there came a fearful explosion. The roof was torn off and reduced to splinters, and T'Ilolnas Cooley ihad disappeared. Vasndyke, as 1 have said, is in New Castle county, Delaware, but it is also close to the boundary line between Dela ware aand the counties of Cecil and Kesnt, in Maryland. And so it was not surprising when, a few minutes lifter the explosion, Iersons in all three of thle counties p)erceived fragmenots of a demoralised and disinte grated humssan being tumbling from the air. The pieces of the unhappy victim of theo disaster were unevenly distributed be. tween New Castle, Cecil, and Kent. The first named got twelve of the fragments. 'T'hero were persons who tlhought Cooley amight have showed even greater partiality for Ilis own county, but I do not blame Jsim ; lie was in a smeasure controlled by circumstances. I think the friends of the coroner com plained with greatest bitterness. lie was an enthusiastic coroner. lie had been known, when one of Dr. Tobias Jones's relatives returned. front Egypt with a lnunlsmy embalmed fifteen hundred years before the Christian era, to seize that ancient subject of Phlaraoh and summon a jury and sit upon it, and brood over it and think. And it is rumoured that lie {nut that jury sap to bringing in a verdict, "The deauth of the deceased ensued froms cause or causes unknown, alit the hands of persons also. unknown." His 6nesmies at the next election openly asserted that lie charged tile county with thie usual fee, with compound interest fronm the time of Moses. So of course when Tshollias Cooley went tip, lie wasn't sorry ; and the Lsore Cooley was scattered over New Castle county, the msore serene and affable the corolner felt. \hen lie selected his jury iald looked arounld his a little in order to columand the situation, lie peteeived that Cooley Ilad put into his hands a tolerablly good thling. The coroner spent the next three days hulding an inquest upon each of the twelve 'fraginents of the deceased. lie empanelled a now jury every time, and then plroceded cautiously and deliberately ill iach ease. 'IThere was by no means complete unia nlitity of opinion. The first jury decided that " the deceased met Iis death by being struck bIy somsething suddeni." The se cond one advaniced the theory that "Tlho nnas Cooley was surreptitiously atnd insi diously blowed apart." 'The others threw out sIggestions respecting the probability that the trouble came front Cooley's well known weakless for flying machines, or from his being lifted out and cut np by some kind of a hurricane. Once the jury decided not to bring in ia verdict, but merely to pass resolutions of regret. Anid the coroner would sit there over the particular piece of Cooley in question, uand smile and permit these manifestations of geneirous feeling to have full play. It didn't perplex hiI tlhat all the verdicts dlif'fered. "'Truth," he relarked to a frisist, " i 1 w;l 2 in,,ugh. But is Csisley is irlshiily sdedI, wih atsi this odds if we can't igrse. las t, whlil killed him ? Let ass collect otlur fes aund l ihld with Clristiia resignsationui to dtstissv. It wits alwiaiY ihltrersting to ilie to hear at asi,)lciOlr IIovsras soillusll thse sibjetct of rs.siiiiation. It, would rathel' have sliest thiiai to hilavi isiilnlIC while asiy of ihe (,ohsiw wSrea ini )own ill'eioitiig ,xllosive 'The Cecil crllity srosiier dtiscovered six lis'le'c of the dealccrlul withi Islis jurimlic tiols, but liii pride wouhld not periit him to yield the ailproenacy in uncht a Inatter to his rival over the line. The New Caustlo mans hadl twelve inquest, nld Ho wouald lie, with monre Loisailes. And his jurions isod to go out and consult and conme in after a while with a majority report, declaring, perhaps, that de(.as.id was killed by fool rig with soue :-ort of it gun, and ai minio rity report insisting that he had been murdered and dlissected by a medical ista dent or sltudents unknown. - And then the coroner would disbarld tihe ilqueait and drum up a fresh jury, which would also disagreeu.until. out o. those six fractions of poor old Cooley. the coroner got thirty-seven deliberations, with the attendant fees. And eyery timoethe doctors would testify that ,post-nortem examinations reveled tlhe fact that the inside of tihe deceased was cramnumed with fnragnents of tire Latin language, and in variably the jurors.would. sit there and try to look ias if they linderstrod: those terms, although a dimn impression pre vailed most of the time that the physi cians were indulging recklessly in profa nity. And when a relative of Cooloy's testified before the thirty-seventh jurry.that "Tho. mas Cooley was ia man of marked idiosyn crasies, and his brain was always excited by his irresistible foudness for'chimeras of various kinds," tihe jury looked solemn and immediately brought in a verdict that "death was caused by idiosynicrasies form ing or his brain in consequence of exce- sive indulgence in chirneras, thus supplyirng an awful warning to tihe young to refrain frorn the use of that and other intoxicat ing beverages." Only two pieces fall in Kent county, but the coroner was anuimated by even greater professional enthusiansn than his neighbours across the border. lie spent the entire season over as rmuch of Cooley ais lie could reach. All. his juries Ibut one disagreed, and ht hadn eighty-four. The sixth woull uhave beenr unanuirours, but for an obstinate rman named Selfridge. All the others were for a verdict of myste rious butchery, but Selfridge insisted upon attributing the disaster to nitro-glycerine. So earnest was lie that lie fought over the subject with ia fellow-juryman named Smith; and he held Stnith down and re rmonstrated with him, and showed him the matter in diff'erent lights, anrd bit his nose to convince Smitll that the nitro-glycerine hypothesis was correct. And when the jury was discharged, Selfridge, true to his solemn convictions, carried the war into the papers, aid published an obituary poemr entitled "A Monody on the Death of Th'omas Cooley," in which lie presented his views in this fashion : " When Cooley got his glycerine all pro. perly "adjusted, Ile knocked it inexpectedly, and suddenly it busted ; And when it reached old Thonasn C. hre got up quick and dusted, And left his wife and family disheartened and disgusted." It was discovered that one of the bones of the deceased had fallen directly across the boundary line between Cecil and Kent. As soon as the fact wasi reported, the coroner of Kent rallied it jury upon his end; and just as the proceedings were about to begin, the Cecil coroner arrived with a jury for the purpose of attending to his share of the work. WVhile the aun thorities of Kent mused at one end of the bone, the jurymen of Cecil rellected at the other end, anr the result was that each brought in aln entirely different ver dict. But they were unanimous on the question of the collection of fees. . In all there were thirteen or fourteen conflicting verdicts rendered, anid so some uncertainty prevailed as to the precise cause of Cooley's dleath. Men's minds were unsettled, and their conclusions were do iroralised, in' the presence of so much oflicial authority bf an indecisive kind. But nobody mourned those differences. They were a a blessing for the people of the counties. Ahlmnost very manr in the neighbourhood had had a turn at Cooley's remains, and some of them had served on the juries sik or seven times. The farmers all bought new mnowing-machines that spring with their fees. The doctors col lected more money for post-morteml exa minations ttan they would have done in a tire of an epidemic of small-pox and sudden death. People fixed up their houses and paid off mortgages and laid in their pork and ritarted grocery'stores and gave hops out of the profits of Cooley's explo sion. And there were men who cherished a wish that Cooley could be put together again and exploded once a month for the next decade. But that of course was im possible. One day when the tide of prosperity was at its height, the widow Cooley per ceived a wagon driving up to her door. Thie tian within the, vehicle dismounted, and unloaded four pieces of iron pipe sixty feet long. Presently another wagon arrived, and this driver also unloaded the same quantity of pipe. Then a third driver arrived antd did the samune thing. Then a fourth canme, anti Mrs. Cooley saw a mnan in it with a queer-looking object by him. It proved to, be Thomas Cooley hirself. Tlhomashlad been up to the city at it machline-shop getting up a working model of a now kind of a patent duplex elliptic artesian pump; and now lie was home again. The remains scattered over tihe counties were-so Cooley said--murely a lot of beef with whichlI h rad been try ing to make a new kind of portable soup and an inproved inmperishable army nutus age ; ard thie explosion, he thoughlt, rImust have been caused I)ysponrtanoons comibus tion. Thomas Cooley would have been happy after all, but for orie thingr-everybotly outside of his. own family refused to recognrise hini as ar livinS man. If ire was willing. -to move abut mn thiu corninurity in tire charrcter of an unburied corpse, tie people would agree not to interfere and rnot to insist upon hris burial; but that was as far irs they could go conscien tiously. Tleir tduty to society, their obli gatiorns to thie law, cormpelled tlerin to reject thie idea that hIe was anything iroro tilan inanimante remains. lie wais ofnihially idend. The fact had been declared rumler oath by hundreds of jurymnen, andt it iwas registered in thie records of two Sltates andt three counties. 'The testinlrro waOis over wheholiingly against him. ''To admit tlu t lie was still alive would ie ultangerous, it would be revolutioinary. 'liThe foundaltiotsI of society woull be shaiken, thie rmajesty of thie law would suffer inrtlit, tihe fabric orf repulblienr government wouldl be under minted. If a beiig who was hegally only i mere cndaver was to be p)irtitnie(d to strut out int dayivlight, :ud to Iurge illnll tiiarv theories about thi e,,nuittion if hil viaur epark, nothing wouil bt. sal,.; tul.r, would I- lio guarantue that thII ecitetiries woutld noit unlondl, and that aill of thie de lurted woull not be crotwding ouit and rwanting to vote. BesiideCs, if it was ad mitted that Cooley was yet alive, all the monmey that hIad beern earned by thie jury irrei, atll the fLes that rhad bettin cliirged iby coronrnrs woult have to be returned to the colluty treasurlies. Thre ioole werl'e tagrh t at tile thiouight. 'lThe coronors eniteredl into ra irolemur cutompact to persist in ignoring Cooley, or to regard him Ineroly as ull iabsurd antd very indelicate goblin who had behaved In a mannrer wholly unworthy of a ghost with genltlomnanly initiUctr. They declared pubolIy that they could rint admrit that Cooley was alive, unlebs thelre ,hold heb n general rsllurrection in the States of Delaware and Maryland, and until that time arrived, they considered that the hest thing Cooley could to would he to select a sepullcllhr soImewhere and creep into it arid behave. 