POETRY. THE LAST ORACLE. (A.D.36L) BY AIXJEENON CHARLES SWINBUBUE. (FROM BELGRAYIA ) Years have risen Mid fallen In darkness or in twilight, Ages waxed and waned that knew not thee nor thine, While the world sought light by night and sought not thy light, Since the sad last pilgrim left thy dark mid shrine. Dark the shrine and dumb the fount of song thence Bave forewords more sad than team of blood,that said: " Tell the king, on earth has fallen the glorious dwell lor, . , . And the watersprings that spake are quenched ana dead, Not a cell is left the God. no roof, so cover; In Ms hand the prophet laurel flowers no mora." And the preat king's high sad heart, thy true last lover, Felt thine answer pierce and cleave it to the core. And he bowed down his hopeless head In the drift of the wide world's tide. And dying," Thou hast conquered," he said, " Galilean?'be said it. and died. And the world that was thine and was ours When the Graces took hands with the How* Grew cdd as a winter wave In the wind from a wide-mouthed grave, As a gulf wide open to swallow The light that the world held dear. O father of all of us, Man, Apollo, Destroyer and healer, hear 1 Age (Hi age thy month was mute, thy face was hidden. And the lips and eyee that loved thee blind and dumb; Bong forsook their tongues that held thy name for* Bidden, Light their eyes that saw the Strange God's come. Fire tor light and hell for heaven and psalmsfor pseana filled the clearest eyee and lips most sweet of song. When for chant of Greeks the wall of GaBieans Made the whole world moan with hymns of wrath and wrong. Tea, not yet we see thee, father, as they saw thee, They that worshipped when the World was theirs and thine, r~5*rf "" They whose words had power by thine own'power to draw thee Down from heaven till earth seemed more than heaven divine. For the shades are about us that hover When darkness is half withdrawn And the skirts of the dead night oover The face of the live new dawn. For the past is not utterly past Though the word on its llpe he the last, And the time be gone by with its creed When men were as beasts that bleed, As sheep or as swine that wallow. In the sbunbles of faith and of fear. O father of all of us, Paian, Apollo, Destroyer and heater, hear t Yet it may be, lord and father, could we know it. We that love thee for our du lrnoss shall have light More than ever prophet hailed of old or poet Standing crowned and robed aod sovereign in thy sSsbta To the likeness of one God their dreams enthralled thee, Who wast greater than ail Gods that waned and grew: Son of God theshining son of Time they called thee, Who wast older. O our father, than they knew. For no thought of man made Gods to love or honour Ere the eocg within the silent soml began. Nor might earth in dream or deed talcs heaven upon her 9111 the word was dotbed with speech by lips ol man. And the word and the life wast thou, The spirit of man and the breath; And before thee the Gods that Vow Take life at thine hands and death. For thsae are as ghosts that wano^ JTiat are-gone in an ace or twain; Harsh, merciful, passionate, pure. They perish, but thou shall endure; Be their life as tbe swan's or the swallow, They pass as the flight of a year. O father of all of us, Paian, Apouo, Destroyer and healer, hear 1 Thou the word, the light, tbe life, the breath, the 8trongio help and heal, to Ughten and to slay, Th'ne is all the song of man, the world's whole story . Not of moraine and of evening is thy day. Old and younger Gods are buried or begotten From uprising to downsettingof thy son, Bisen from eastward, fallen to westward Mid forgotten, And their springs are many, but their end is one. Divers births of godheads find one death appointed. As the soul whence each ww bom makes room for each: God by God goes out, discrowned and disanointel, But the soul stands fast that gave than shape and speech. Is the sun yet cast out of heaven 7 » Is the song yet cast onto! man? life that had Bong for Its leaven To quicken the blood that nn Through the veins of the songlets years More Utter and oold than tears. Heaven that had thee for its one light, lite, wind; witness, Osun, Are they soundless and tightless and hollow, Without eye, without speech, without ear ? a 0 father of all-of us, Paian, Apollo, Destroyer andhealer, hear! i and emote thee silent at his warning, ^ J~~' 1 fell on men that fell from thee; 1 with light, behind the r In his i t up eyes and ssei " uuuleyeaight, Time again is risen wi Change hath blown i_ Clothed with clouds and stait I morning, Do, the Gods that ruled by grace of sin ai They ate conquered, they break, they a Whose might made tha whole world pale; They are dust that shall rise not ©r quicken Though Ue world for their death's aake waiL As a hound on a wild beast's tnps, So time has their godhead In cfease; As wolves when tbe ??-* ~ ~" 0 father of all of us, PalaiTZpoUo, Destroyer and healtr, hear ] Day bv day thy shadow chines in heaven beholden. Even the tun, the shining shadow of tby face: Klbffi the v/4jB tafoxvDfcy folk jvowfoliiinj aSd, the soul of earth is kindled with thy graoe. In thy lips tto meeoh of man whanoe Gods were < In thy Boulihe thought (bat makes them and un \ snaksBj . ? . . gy thy light aad heat inoaniate and ImnaHonnd, I 8oui to soul of man glves light tor Untandtakga 