TALES AND SKETCHES. LADY CREIGHTON. rtílr-s a °iuee1, looking old place and S^X'x queer things happen there, I've heard, il- V Things that don't seem much in this ^ájA^J p^j()l2 bright sunshine, but which would <Ä^?5nl lí l&il;/fô make a man's flesh creep if he saw ^O ar)d heard them over there in the 3^p^^i5:s^^^Y^ dead of night." r^M^^^^^^ *fc *s' s*r' an^ PeoP^e snun taB (j^VMP^3 place as they would the plague." ¿e^wtf Q^Ü^wá^L "I should like to visit it. What ^P^lv* ^Mña sayyon' falkland ?" ßf^^y^^^^) *^-n<* my travelling companion, ^1§^^È£<0 Colonel Elton, turned toward me with ^ffî^jfr something of the battle fire lighting GD<;%^ his stern face. ^ " I'm not afraid of ghosts," T answered. "Good! neither am I." Then addressing the German peasant : Can we get at the keys and secure the services of a fellow not afraid of a I sighing gust of wind at midnight." I The peasant shook his head in condemnation of the light tones, saying, as he did so : " There's no need of keys, sir. A storm crashed one of the old doors in more than a year since, and you can go and come as you like. But if you want a good brave fellow to guide you and stand by you through thick and thin, my brother Franz is the one for you ; and he'll go backed by a hound that fears nothing human." " Very good. We'll investigate this mystery to-night." It was nearing dusk when we reached the irregular old structure which had attracted our attention earlier in the day. Perched high amidst rock and forest, its aspect was eminently forbidding, though the extensive, grounds still gave evidence of a former care and taste which must have relieved the place of much of its sombre wildness. As we wandered through the labyrinthine balls and rooms, other evidences of bygone luxury met our eyes in remnants of faded carpets and stray pieces of furniture, elegant enough ! to have graced a palace. And these proofs of the last tenant's hasty flight were to be found in every direction. One room on the first floor had scarcely been disturbed, and in this we finally decided to bestow ourselves and the hamper, which Franz had guarded with a care that sufficiently expressed his regard for its contents. Once ablaze with firelight and candlelight, the room looked a cherry place in which to await ghostly sights and sounds, and we discussed the con- tents of the above-mentioned hamper, trusting that our mundane comforts might not scare away the nocturnal visi- tants of whom we had heard. " Franz," said the colonel, sipping with critical taste the glass of hock now and then raised between his eye and the light, "Franz, I think you told me the last residents here were English." " Yes, sir. A titled lady, with her two daughters-one a child-and an army of servauts. Sometimes they were seen abroad, but not often ; and after a time the young lady was never seen at all." " How long did they reside here ?" "A 3rear, I believe, though it may have been more or less. Twas whispered that they ran away from what we've come to look up. And I'm thinking something took them off in a hurry, seeing how they left things behind them." " It might seem so," returned the colonel, glancing reflec- tively around him, " And-" "Hush!" I exclaimed, raising a warning hand ; "what was that ?" There succeeded a dead silence, broken only by nature's quiet voice out in the forest. "Your fertile imagination, my dear fellow," at last laughed the colonel, emptying his glass.. " Not so !" I exclaimed, as we all sprang to our feet at a louder repetition of the sound which had arrested my atten- tion a minute before. " 'Twas a woman's voice-a voice that I know !" cried the colonel, snatching up a candle and dashing from the room. " It came from the hall above,"he shouted back, as Franz and I prepared to follow him. " Stop !" exclaimed Franz, as we reached the door; " look at the poor brute," pointing to his boasted pet, crouching in the extremity of terror under a low conch by the fire. "Come, Fury! come!" he called, but a whine was the only responce, and we joined the colonel alone; "it's nothing human, herr colonel, you needn't look," said Franz, solemnly, as with ashy cheeks and lips my friend darted from chamber to chamber. As he spoke, the same heart-rending wail--sweet as mournful-echoed through the halls, and died away in some remote corner of the building. "iHigher ! higher!" cried the colonel, taking the steps two at a time ; " Nina ! Nina ! my darling-my love ! lam here, Nin'a !" he shouted, as the hall was reached. Horror filled my soul. Had my friend gone mad? I looked at Franz. His^eyes plainly spoke my own unexpressed fear. No voice answered the colonel's impassioned call, yet with frantic grief he prosecuted his vain search, tearing away moth-eaten hangings, sounding the walls, and beating the floors, despite our entreaties and arguments. At last we got him down to the room'we had entered so incredulously a few hours previous. He sank into a seat, despairing woe marked on every lineament. " Drink it, herr Colouel," begged Franz, placing a brim- ming glass against the set lips ; adding, as it was taken and drained : " Shall we leave the cursed place, sir?" "You can leave if you wish, but I shall remain till this awful mystery is solved," muttering to himself as he again sank into that woeful silence," there's been foul play, just as I suspected." Directly he looked up, demanding abrubtly, "Franz, was the lady's name Creighton? Lady Creighton ?" Franz answered promptly : " For the life of me I couldn't tell the name. " But there ! do you hear that, sir?" h? whispered, a gray hue settling about his mouth. . "Those wheels always roll up here at midnight, and then the worst comes. Heaven help us !" Colonel Elton had started to his feet at the first sound. , and we stood breathless listeners to the rolling wheels anc ringing hoofs. On they came, nearer-nearer, halting, al last, at the main entrance. With one accord we caught ur. and lighted the torches lying at hand, and rushed into th< hall just in time to see the great door roll open with a heavj clang, and hear the dull tramp of heavy feet and the sof rustle of silken gowns. Close beside us the weird unseei company passed, crossing the hall to the stairs, and then up step by step. Half paralysed I stood gazing into vacancy - till Elton's smothered command aroused me. , " Come ! where they go, I go !" And step by step we followed-up to the ball above, andi then so the next. Not a word-nothing but that dull tramp . and the silken rustle. It was frightful ! Yet on the colonel strode, evidently undisturbed by the terrors that shook Franz and me, a mute anguish and unfaltering purpose breathing through every glance and movement. That some terrible grief had once swept his life, rumour had long before whispered ; and I was half unconsciously speculating on it, associating the unknown past <J ¿th the - strange present, when a dead hush fell, ended instantly by the most appalling shriek that ever smote human ears Just there in front of us it arose,'dying away in the same pro- longed, mournful wail we had first heard. A strange guttural murmur, a hurried rush of feet, a chilling blast eof ' wind, and we stood in total darkness. As Franz clutch d wildly at my arm, the colonel's voice rang clear as a bugle iu t he frenzied cry ; ""Nina! poor dove, I am coming !" "Then, as the truth seemed to strike him, he groaned : . "Heaven help me ! am I mad ? alas ! she is dead !" Scarcely had the words left his lips when a low fiendish laugh, which each of us could have sworn was breathed . close to his own ear, curdled the blood in our veins. Eveu the colonel was struck with horror. A sharp ejaculation escaped his lips, and it was in hoarse, unsteady accents that he bade us relight the torches if we had the means. But even as he spoke a vivid lambent light shone about us, revealing the tali slender figure of a woman, whose dark, rich beauty was set off to exquisite advantage by a heavy black satin robe, with broad, trailing, crimson cincture, and knots of the same ruddy hue, burning under diamond fasten- ings, in the jetty hair, and at the graceful throat. She stood at the end of the hall, one slender hand gliding over the adorning frescoes ; one little crimson-slippered foot pressed hard against the woodwork below. With panting breath and glittering eye Colonel Elton bent forward, watching till the seeming wall fell slowly back. Then he . spraug forward, shouting fiercely. "Lady Creighton ! Demon ! Fiend !" We only saw a spasm of pain contract the beautiful, features-a swift hand raised toward the door, and all was darkness. Hurriedly relighting our torches we approached the wall ; but our eager hand had scarcely touched its frescoes when the low wail of a harp struck us motionless. A few wandering chords-a few bewilderingly sweet and mournful strains, and then there rose a full, perfect melody, swelling gradually into a harmonious tempest that every instant approached nearer and nearer. Like great tidal, waves it dashes up to our very feet, and then receded slowly, only to sweep back and again encompass us in a weird storm of melodious sounds. To and fro it swept-to and fro, to . and fro. Frantz was the first to shake off the spell that bound us. "It comes from this wall!" he exclaimed; "let's break it in-there's no good behind it !" The colonel started as if from a dream. " Wait ! We'll first search among these frescoes, pressing a foot as she did," he answered hoarsely. We found the secret springs, but whether hours or minutes were consumed by the task I cannot say. As the door swung open the grand melody wavered, shivering into wild, fitful gusts that drifted sweetly away till the far distance had. swallowed every sound. And in a silence almost as weird as the music we traversed the long narrow passage and. winding stairs up to three chambers with iron-bouud doors and high-grated windows. All the belongings of a lady's drawing-room, bed-chamber, and boudoir were scattered through these rooms, and many tokens of a vanished pre- sence. No dismantling hand had ever been here. Paintings garnished the wall ; richly-bound volumes lay heaped in pretty confusion on the tables ; a harp, with broken, rusted strings, and a quaint chair beside it, stood just as the musician had left it. Under the lace and velvet hangings of the couch was the imprint of a human form. Even the gem studded brush beneath the dressing mirror spoke of some fair women in a few long golden threads which Colonel Elton drew out with tender hand, and pressed to his lips in a passion of love and grief. On the floor at the foot of the couch we found a tiny crystal flask suggestive of much to Colonel Elton. But save the one little word "Nina,' scratched on a book, nothing more, by which to identify th life that had been, rewarded our diligent search ; and lightee by the blaze of the rising sun we slowly and sadly returned to our camping room. There Franz met with a grief. Hid noble pet was dead ! A fact strange as indisputable. Th same day Elton and I were en route for London. e It was one of Lady Creighton's grand reunions. Colonel Elton had paid his respects, avoiding with infinite tact and grace the cordially extended hand of his hostess. Glancing at me, he said : "Lady Creighton, I have presumed upon my intimacy with the late Sir Robert and hi3 lovely daughter so far as to bring au old friend. Allow me to present Major Falkland." With shivering horror I gazed upon the woman glowing in the perfect maturity of her exquisite Italian beauty. No dress of black satin and ruddy hued ribbons this time ; but a crimson velvet robe, palpitating opals, shimmering diamonds, and laces a queen might have coveted. Rich and mellow was Colonel Elton's voice when he spoke again. "We are just from Germany, Lady Creighton," he said. Lady Creighton paled under the eyes with which he trans- fixed her. "We left the singing Rhine for the borders of a grand old. I forest-the very forest your feet once skirted." I noted the same look of fear that swept the face under the frescoed walls. It was swift as awful, and she answered in silvery tones : " That was not remarkable. Colonel Elton. I resided in Germany a great many months. My late husband's daugh- ter was a great invalide and we carried her thither when other means failed to reward our hopes. It was a sad time, for, Sir Robert being too feeble to leave England, all the responsibility fell upon me." " You must have found it wearing," my friend returned, with the same transfixing gaze. Lady Creighton had recovered herself somewhat, and her face betrayed nothing as she answered calmly : "I did. But I must entreat you to excuse me-other guests I see are waiting my leisure." " Mamma !" a, sweet voice murmured at her elbow, "Ah ! Here is my daughter, Beatrice Vinci. I suppose you have forgotten her, Colonel Elton? She was but a sprite when you last saw her !" And her dark passionate eyes burned lovingly as she pre- sented the beautiful innocent girl at her side. Lady Creigh- ton moved away, doubtless hoping to avoid further conversa . fcion with, the mau she had just escaped. She might as well have shunned the outstretched hand of death. Colonel Elton was her shadow. At last the rooms began to thin, but he still lingered, and Lady Creighton's face whitened and sharpened perceptibly. At last we were the only remaining guests. Self-possessed and inflexible, he spoke. «' Again presuming on old-time privileges, Lady Creighton, 1 have remained for a quiet chat about that Germany in which we both have occasion to feel a deep interest." I Was prepared for hauteur at this point ; but remorse had done its work, and she bowed shiveringly. " Germany !" echoed the lovely Beatrice, who was hover- ing near her mother; "oh,1 mamma! I can't hear it mentioned without a shudder. That terrible -terrible old » "Beatrice, go!" interrupted Lady Creighton, almost sharply; " it grows bte. These gentlemen will not detain me long, and I will soon join you." ? Aud again the mother-love flamed in her magnificent eyes as she watched the girl's retreating form. The last floating thread of white gossamer lost to her view, she dropped into a fauteuil, motioning us to seats near her. The quiet even voice took me by surprise, and also the courage with which shs dashed into an evideiitly-dreaded subject, "Doubtless you have heard some of the sad details of our residence in Germany, though not the saddest. Nina's madness was a family secret, kept from all save a few faithful servants, and we naturally preferred the seclusion of a foreign country for our darling to the publicity and horrors of a madhouse. In Germany we could guard her with secret . as well as loving care." Elton's broad chest heaved at that startling mention of madness, which accounted for certain grated windows and iron-bound doors. He replied nonchalantly, "I heard many things, Lady Creighton-some of which I will tell you. When I was first ordered off to India, I ' bore with me the hope of winning a sweet girl's love-and I left one in London who had both the will and the power to keep me informed of all concerning the lovely Nina-Sir Robert Creighton's one precious darling. Consequently, I learned in due time that old Sir Robert's heart and hand had been won by a peerless Italian widow-that Nina had been gifted with a mother. Trampling all obstacles under foot, I returned for a brief visit. I returned to find that my wild idolatry had gained the coveted reward-Nina's love was mine. Besides that, 1 soon found that she was far from happy-that her father's beautiful wife was a terror and dread to her. Though sharing her fears I laughed at them-and with the glad hope of claiming at some future day Sir Robert's conditional promise, I departed for the post of duty. Then, Lady Creighton, I learned, through the same friend, that Sir Robert had made-a new will-and one which was very geuerally esteemed the work of his peerless wife. Since I am detailing much that you already . know, I may state that this will contained a clause startling in that the vast Creighton estates were entailed to Lady Creighton's little child, Beatrice Vinci, through his own daughter, Nina, in case the latter should die unwedded. I was disturbed at this item of English intelligence, for I said to myself, Lady Creighton may-" He paused, and leaned towards the superb creature whose . eyes were rivetted on his by a species of fascination. "You look so white and horrified, Lady Creighton, that I fear you do not quite understand," he sneered, wita a cold, . deadly smile. Then he resumed, with the same smile, the same icy tones : "I said to myself, Lady Creighton may be -may be-tempted ! Don't ? Pray, don't !" he laughed ruthlessly, as a low cry parted her white lips.; "you mar the thread of my story, which is still unfinished. After a few months I heard that my Nina was in delicate health, ? and that the peerless Lady Creighton, who was a model step dame in the world's eye. had carried the poor darling to . Germany, hoping something from change of scene and air. While madly chafing the bit of duty which kept me where I was, the last sad letter reached me. My friend had looked on the white, coffined face of my darling, and followed her down to the old Creighton vaults. He knew my fears, and voluntarily assured me that no shadow oi distrust might touch Lady Creighton's immaculate name. Eorcing a belief in this assurance, I remained year aftei . year under Asian suns ; for when the doting Sir R,obeH followed Nina, there was nothing to draw me to England But, Lady Creighton," and his voice lost the anguished "tenderness of the previous minute for the clear, quiet tone: which doomed her at every word, "but, Lady Creighton, after ten years, something impelled me to a wanderer's lif( in Germany ; and strangely enough, as I told you earlier ir " the evening, I tracked your footsteps." Again he paused, leaning forward, with glittering eye auc cold smile. "My Lady Creighton, permit me to ask you a question Were the contents of this dainty toy quite harmless V -extending a hand in which lay the crystal flask. Lady Creighton's lips parted, but no sound drifted acros their whiteness, and with another biting laugh he resume< his former attitude of careless ease, and cordi mied : "The same old halli which your crimson-slippered foe once trod echoed our hea/ier footsteps ; the same frescos . door which, your delicate fingers ¡ro often touched swim back at our louder * Open shaine !' Th-a barp striuga wer ? all rnstudand broken, but fcheso i'n:> golden strands remained -deathless tokens of the fair being w'h<.<«e gr«»cfal head tho* .once.adorned." And ho suspended tl'e. shining threads »cbween Lad ' Creighton's eyes aud the il uni;,..- cùaïuîeiier. "Oh. heaven ! WU' yon ue'ver be dono?" shu.dder.ingl ; gasped thu stricken woinü;¡. "Soon, very soon, my Lidy Ore;-¡1 ton. Be i,atumt. Sh was, I know, though Ur wad« .-md shrieks rung pitiful! ünyir'. tb-vr. »w -.,"1 hldh) v5icn .vo reached, wit .that i;.' . -.. t¡. U'.tlo frescoed door. Tia 00 yuu . ...?>.? ?;?/..;; ¡i,,.,t. ; .-, ...ylrit g.iog? --something . the tr;-:^:,;.:; (V-: ;t:. ,.;t. Luirhs. tííe. P.'I)ricks, wail sud t,;« »1RM, ?. -, )rXi;d Vj.jUiY^iv )U: L:,,] Cteifiut-..; _ ... ...r b.:nv.:d WÙwo tW catmu' b.aiu, WilJ ii;aul., wùtv/ard. îTn! M*T . m ereil ul?" I said, grasping h arm. Lie sn.vjk mc oft without a word or look, coutini mg ' Ana, my Lady Creighton, can you believe it ?-we sa y°"r v;-[y 8'fi.' ttie:,: before thar, little frescoed door ! Bla< .satin, al, «.riivirm iieckod from peerless head to dainty foo vern wore. [yjy i«,!y, «]0 y"n love the colour of your deeds inTd.'"- ..'ii!,l!',r;Ull;'-v :,t h hi vet robe. He rose, speakii "J:'.AVU ' .. '.'* neb tones aa he looked clown upon h V1 1!'< ace ¡,,HÍ <.-liivorinR iV.rrn. "[ have now told y< ;-° " 'Mig of what I have ¡Hard, and will cl-; tain you J !'.';':: 'j «-www i «hall *e.e you again. Lady Creight. i; I"ove her muoermce.-' And on that morrow he did see her. We were noiselessly conducted into a darkened chamber, and up to a couch on which lay a shrouded form. The linen was softly folded away from a face scarcely whiter than that on which we had gazed the night before, but sweet and placid as an infant's. Lady Creighton had appealed to the highest tribunal.-From the Argosy. 