NON-RANTER AND THE MAN THAT IS DISGUSTED. To the Editor of the CHRONtCLE. Smn,-Will you permit me, through your columns, to say a parting word to " Non Ranter," and a word or two to the writer of the letter signed "D.sgusted." "Non-Ranter" is determined to remain in obscurity ; and, I dare say, his reasons for not coming to the light are best known to himself. But he continues to cast from be hind the hedge that conceals his identity a great deal of mud and little stones at our tinging bands. He is following the example of the larrikins which he refers to, and, like them, stands in need of a little advice. Mly advice to him is to abstain from ridiculing Gospel- singing and Gospel-preaching, and to repent of the falsehoods which he has uttered through the public press. His quotations from the poet Byron may excite a smile; but, alas ! where fools may laugh wise men may truly weep. Poor Byron, with all his poeticgenius, lacked the "one thing needful," and, like many less.gifted men of the pre bent day who figure m our public prints, he had his reward. A smile for every sneer at religion is poor compensation ; and I do not think that the wages which the scoffer shall receive at the Judgment Seat of Christ is consoling to look forward to. I trust that "Non- tRaster" will quit the company of such minds as Bylon, who, although a mighty poet, beams a mighty wreck, dying a miserable and unhappy man even while the unreligious masses of christendom gloated over the lewd and demoralising stanzas of " Don Juan," and sciffers at religion were convulsed with laughter in perusing the lines which "Non-Ranter" last week imported into his letter. I maintain that "iNon Ranter" is guilty of gross exaggeration and downright misreprlesentation. That the gas was turned off or went out suddenly, is true, and that larrikins on more than one occasion were rather disorderly is also trve; but the rest of his epistle isfalse. If" Non-Ranter" has the weal of these thoughtless boys at heart, let him come to our meetings and set them a good example. Street larrikins are bad enough; but journalistic ones are even worse, for they not only loeer the tone of the low, but tend to impress the public mind with false ideas and opinions by their reck less and anonymous effusions. And now a word to the writer of the letter signing himself "Disgusted." Who orwhat he is, I know not. Some suppose him to be none other than "Non-Ranter 'himself. Oh rats, come out of your holes, and show me your faces ! Others think he belongs to a certain church in Williamstown, whose minister, while praying for a revival of re ligion, throws obstacles in the way of the religious revival that has already taken place. The good qualifications and virtues of this minister may be many; but his frequent preachings at and against those of his niembers who identify themselves with the revival services will tend to thin his own congregation if he does not alter his policy; and two facts stare him in the face which lie cannot controvert, and which speak volumns of themselves in favour of the humble lay men whom he disdains. The first is, that he cannot point to one convert during all his pulpit ministrations in Williamstown. The second fact is, that serven souls were con verted the first night the band visited Wil liamstown, and six souls on the second night. The glory be to God. This demonstrates that " the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power"--the power of the Holy Ghost. The Church, in despising those whom God honours, dishonours God Himself. Unfortu nately too many ministers are disposed to regard these singing hands much in the same way as King Henry the Fifth's Officers looked upon Falstatffs ragamunfians; but such of the clergy as have thrown aside their starched formalism and come down to the sunplieity of the Gospel regard them in a very different light. The other day, a well known minister in Melbourne admitted to me that although the sympathies of many ministers were .with the band; they were swayed or, influenced by the majority of their clerical brethren, and so prevented from "Throwngopen-tne doors-o tr teir eiurces. In other word', they are afraid of losing caste. Itis this kind of ecclesiastical in tolerance, that so often leads to disruptions in churches. But we are now in the infancy of an era which shall be marked. by the laity controlling the clergy, instead of the clergy controlling the laity. Whoever " Disgusted" is, he refers to the meeting which was conducted by Mr. Talk, in the proceedings of which I took no part, being in Melbourne at the time. He speaks of Mr. Tulk mentioning something about a number of young women falling from virtue since the baud first visited "\ illiamstown-n; and he asserts that that gentleman led his hearers to understand that the thing was quite true. Does it not seem incredible to your readers that this was what Mr. Tulk intended to convey? Mr. Tulk referred to a scandal which some enemy to our cause was concocting-some half-hatched rumour. How he expressed himself on the subject, 1 cannot say; but your correspondent takes advantage of what he said to misrepresent what he evidently intended. As to the un studied and ostentatious way in which some of the young converts express themselves, your correspondent may enjoy his own opinion. Grammar and grammarians, how ever, never saved a soul yet; and it is no characteristic. of a thorough gentleman to cast slurs'upon the education or oratory of a few 'ell-mheaning youths inviting their com rades to "come to Jesus." One -word 'more. "Disgusted" betrays the fact that he was present at our meetings on more than one occasion. He speaks of us teaching that a man may go to Heaven with out morality. He evidently refers to my address on the "New Birth," 'delivered a few weeks ago in the Temperance Hall, and, like the rest of the letter, grossly misrepre sents what I said. What 1 said then was what I still maintain :-" A man may be moral, and yet not be a Christian; but' a man, to' be a Christian, must also. be'moral. The Christian that is guilty of immorality has returned to his vomit like the dog, and like the sow that was wiashed tod. her wallowing in the mire." Trusting that "Non.Ranter" wrill rant iio more, and that "Disgusted': will he"disa gusted with himself. . -.-- ani,yyours&c.;, - S J. IaclNETYRE. Melbonure,.NovemberS, 1376. .....1: l nThis'?orre poadenee must now be broaght toea' lbe, the'subject having been sudfi ciently ventilated.-Ed. Clhron.] 