MISCELLANEOUS. Painting the Lily. — If there are any trades or occupations whioh present no scope whatever for trickery and deception, it might be thought that the calling of the florist would certainly be one. That this is not strictly the case, however, (everybody who has had an opportunity of peeping here and there behind the scenes must be aware. Judges at flower-shows know very well that in the floricul- | turn world there are folks who are quite as clever at artistic touches of the paint brush as any to be found among the horse-dealing fraternities. But if we may rely upon the curious statements occasionally made respecting the possibility of artificially altering the colours of flowers, and which have been put together in the form of an interesting article by an American paper, 'the art of manipulating nowere may oe expecieu w oe rauier extensively ueveiopea. Red roses, dahlias, pansies, and several other flowers, it is said, almost instantaneously become white if held over the fumes of sulphurous add. The effect of dipping many blossoms into a little ether to which a tenth part of ammonia has been added iB said, on the authority of M. Filbot, to be very remarkable. Red, pink, or violet flowers become in tensely green. Scarlet geraniums, red roses, heliotropes, and lilacs become after immersion a vivid copperas green. Some other flowers, differing from these in colour, assume various shades of dark bins. White flowers sometimes be come orange, though generally yellow. The rose geranium is said to become blue in a very curious manner. The valerian becomes grey, red cockscombs dark violet, and other flowers of various kinds assume a beautiful brown metallic appearance. Yellow flowers are not affected. These changes may be effected during the period of growth, and flowers may be sprinkled or otherwise marked without wholly immersing them. A violet-coloured flower, for instanoe, may be spotted or striped with white while still growing in the ground. M. Gabba has brought about changes of a similar kind by ammonia alone. He merely poured the fluid in a plate, inverted over it a cone, open top and bottom, and placed the flowers over the top of it, ana found that very astonishing changee were produced merely by the volatile ammonia. He aids, too, that asters, which have no odour, under the infiuenoe of ammonia acquire a very agreeable smell. The means adopted are very simple, ana innocent- hearted old ladies who are so often beguiled by the pathetic stories of the gentry that perambulate London, disguised usually as bakers' assistants, into pur chasing sparrows in gorgeoqs apparel, imposing-looking tails, and naving the strongest testimonials to vocal ability, will no doubt by and by be frequent victims to this newar method of embellishing nature. ' Materialization Manifestations.' — Probably few people realize the extraordinary forms which the spiritualist creed now assumes. A glance through any journal of the sect is enough to make ordinary persons doubt whether they can quite trust their senses. The most astounding state ments are made, not only with absolute confidence, bnt apparently without a suspicion that there ie anything very , extraord nni y about them. In the current number of the I Spiritualist. fo» instance, there is a letter from a gentleman ! who gives his name and address, presenting a calm account of 'highly satisfact' rv materialization manifestations' witnessed by him in Blimmsbury-square a weak o* two ago. The ' circle' searched the bedroom of tbe medium, and satisfied themselves tbat it was impossible for any one to enter without their knowledge. The lights were then lowered, and the proceedings began. The proceeding con sisted of the appearance of a number of ' celestial visitors,' one after the other, each perfectly visible. The first was a man ' attired in a long white robe, with dark short beard and moustache.' ' He pulled the curtains apart, emerged from the cabinet, and stood silcn'ly lookin?at us.' A lady recognized 'the outline of the spirit's features.' and when she asked ' if he was her dear brother William, who used to materialize at Bastion and Taylor's, he bowed thrice in tbe affirmative.' This was rather a reserved ghost; but the next, a beautiful nun — 'awell-dcvelopeJ, finely-formed woman' — took each of tbe sisters by the hand, walked them about the circle, and then led them back to their seats. She even materialized a piece of blonde net, ani, says the edified writer, 'it certainly was a spiritual treat to 'behold her.' She gracefuHy bowed and cordially thanked us, and bade us good night inarich deep voice. Another 'form' was tin spirit of a German baron, who measured his chest with a hand kerchief, cut a long strip out of his outer garment, handed it to the writer with the scissors, and afterwards shook out the robe whole again. Last of all came ' Pinkey, the Indian girl,' wearing 'a profusion of brilliants on her breast,' and lo^k'ng ' all an Indian.' She 'led oat the medium entranced, linked arm in arm, into tbe circle, aud allowed each of the sitters to shake hands with her ani ex change a word of greeting.' Although ' subjected to keen scrutiny,' she 'stood it well,' and on retiring left the medium entranced in a reclining position by the entrance to the cabinet. People are fond of calling this an age of progress, but the progress -certainly includes some peculiar developments. Chinese Secret Societies, — It may not be generally known (the Celestial Umpire says) that there is a com munity of persons in the neighbourhood of Shanghai bearing the ancient Ming surname Chu, and tracing their descent with remarkable accuracy back to the old Emperors of that line. They are a particularly reserved and disagreeable set, proud and stiff, with manners the reverse of conciliatory. Th' y keep themselves much aloof from their neighbours, and are supposed to be connected with some local branch of the San-ho Hwuy. The women are chiefly noticeable for extreme ugliness. They have enomously broad faces, with large heavy jaws, snd are greatly given to wearing silver, in the shape of earrings, necklets, and similar bangles. There is no doubt that there is an immense amount of in teresting information to be obtained from the people among whom we live, if we only knew how to obtain it. The commonest coolies one meets have in many instances histories connected with some of the most important eras of the country, and the little scraps of intelligence that occasionally reach our ears confirm us in this view. But the ground requires systematic ploughing to get at anything really tangible, and tne power of reserve which the Chinese possess is invariably assumed for the benefit of any foreigner who shows symptons of inquisitiveness. We believe a great deal which appears so incomprehensible to us in Chinese social polity may be traced to the influence of the secret societies, of which there are several branches here in Shanghai city. An illustration of this was noticed the other day in Nanking, when so many persons were driven half distracted by the loss of their cherished queues ; and we believe tbat our correspondent was perfectly right in attributing the escapade to the White Lotus Sect. The members of this fraternity have distinguished themselves in the same eccentric manner before now, and, indeed, have occasionally made their influence felt in a still more dread ful way. In fact, it is to no small extent the terror of their vengeance which seals the lipB of a Chinese if ever anybody questions him upon the subject. The phase of crypticism which is most prevalent in Shanghai is, however, of a less formidable nature. At least, we believe so; but speak under correction. Steinberger Again.— The Americans are not usually wanting in sensitiveness with respect to real or imagined slights put upon them by other nations, and since they seem little disposed to make a grievance out of the Samoan com plication it may be taken for granted that Steinberger has been able to show a very poor case indeed. According to the New York Herald — which, if tall talk were popular, would not waste its powers in moderation of language — 'there will be no Steinberger affair nor any Samoan difficulty, for the simple reason that Steinberger is not an American citizen, and the fact that he has fallen into trouble with the Samoan King, whose Prime Minister and consequently subject he was, does not concern this Govern ment, which does not bold itself bound to protect the Samoan Prime Minister against the displeasure of his King.' The | Herald resorts that Steinberger was never anything more I than 'a hanger-on and office-seeker here who, in some way, made himself serviceable to persons in the White House aud gained the friendship of General Babcock.' After vainly soliciting consular employment, he got appointed in March, 1873, a 'special agent to visit and report upon the Samoan Islands,' and a report from him was actually pre s anted to Congress in April. 1874. But last spring he appeared in a new character : ' Setting out for Samoa in a United States man-of-war with a gift of cannon, firearms, and other Government property, and being landed, he dropped his American citizenship and became the Prime Minister of the Samoan Head Chief. Of course he could not be a Samoan and an American at the same time. He may recover his citizenship if he chooses to return here and claim it ; but he divested himself, it is here held, of his title to protection from our Government when he became a political officer of another Government. That he did this in a very formal aud conspicuous manner is well known to the world.' The question is asked, with some impatient ouriosity, in the United States, how it came to pars that Steinberger, after he had ceased to be an American citizen and had concluded his visitation and report, got possession of Government guns and stores and secured a free passage to Samoa in a Government ship F The ' status' of Colonel Steinberger at 8amoa has lately been the subject of much discussion, but the following extract from a despatch from the State Department at Washington to Mr. Foster, United States Consul at Samoa, published by the New York Herald, defines his position clearly enough at that date — the 12th of January last. ' He has, says the despatch, ' fulfilled his mission, made his report, and tendered his resignation as special agent, which has been accepted, and any official or semi-official connection he may have with this Government is terminated. His first visit to the islands was merely for the purpose of observing and reporting upon their condition, his second was to fulfil certain duties in regard to which he was specially instructed, and which have been fulfilled. On neither occasion did his visit have any diplomatic or politioal significance whatever. Colonel Steinberger was not authorized or empowered by the Onited States to form a Government in Samoa or to pledge the United States to sustain in any way, directly or indirectly, any Government that he might form or assist in forming. The United States Consul is the only representative of the United States in the Samoan Islands, and you will so inform the missionaries and others interested.' Mr. Foster, the American Consul, in the late trouble at Samoa, acted, it is stated, entirely in harmony with the British. Colonel Steinberger attributes his misfortunes chiefly to the ' machinations of the English missionaries,' whose profits were affected by the regulations he laid down. As, however, he had no right to lay down any regulations, the missionaries, even if his story be true, can hardly be blamed for not respecting his authority. — Pall Mall Gazette. Foreign Legislation as to Dog6.— In no other civilized country in the world perhaps does the canine race bear as large a proportion to the human population as it does in England. Certainly no other people in the world be stow so much care and attention, and lavish so much money, on their canine charges as English men and women. It seems, therefore, most anomalous tbat the existing laws relating to dogs in thi« country are so incomplete in detail as compared with those of some other nations, where these - animals cannot be said to bold, by a long way, such .a prominent position in the domestic circle as they do here. Some communications appearing in a daily contemporary from foreign correspondents give some interesting par ticulars (from which our legislators might learn a lesson) as to the existing laws respecting dogs in parts of Russia and Australia. In the Baltic provinces' of the former empire, when an application is made for a license to keep a dog, the applicant, m return for the amount of the tax, receives a metal ticket about size of a florin, in shape either round, oval, ocfrgonr.l, or square, the form being altered every year. Upcn this medial is stamped in rtdief the number and j ear date. 1 he medal is provided wftE a small split ring for its attachment to the dog's collar. The Government endeavour, as much as (hey can. destroy all dogs found at large without the registered ticket. For protection, in case of the ticket being lost or stolen, a form or receipt is also given to the owner of the dog, by which a fresh ticket ie ay be obtained on payment of a small fee. Another correspondent, writing from Australia, states that the Dog Act of 1867 provides that all dogs shall be registered, if three months old. every year, undera penalty of £1, or not more than f 6. If registration be effected between the 1st: if Jul? and tbe 31st of December, in any year, dog deem 3d to be 'registeiei until the 1st of July next ensiing, &c.; Description of dog to be given. Penalty for false descrip tion, £2 to £5. Fee for certificate, or receipt, oa registra tion, 5s. Proof of registration lies with keeper of dog,. Copy of certificate may be obtained for £1. Lists to be exhibited in registrar's office. Dogs registered to have collars round the neck, number of district, name of owner, and number of register marked thereon ; penalty, 5b. to 40s. Dogs at laige, not registered, er without collar, may be seized and killed, which constables and rangers are specially ordered to do. Owners liable for damages, &o.; Reward for seized unregistered dogs, 2s. 6d. Penalty for illegally removing collir, £2 to £6, and value to owner of dog so destroyed in consequence. Penalty on rangers and constables neglecting duty, £2 to £6. Penalty for destroy ing dogs not improperly at large, 20s. to £5, and full value to owner. Act does not apply to hunting dogs, and dogs of aborigines. Dog may be substituted for registered dog dying, or owners may be changed on giving notice to registrar within fourteen days. Dogs may be removed to another district without fee. — Land and Water, May 6. Artificial Eyes made Sensitive to Light. — Among the curious developments of science is the reient production, by Dr. C. W. Siemens, of an artificial eye that is Sensitive to light. We wish we could add that it gives vision to the blind ; but we cannot, though perhaps it con tains a germ of promise in that direction. The new eye is composed of an ordinary glass lens, backed by an artificial retina of selenium. This mineral resembles and is allied to sulphur ; it is distilled from bodies that contain sulphur in conjunction with metals, such as iron pyrites, a compound of sulphur and iron. Mr. May, a telegraph clerk employed at the Valentia station of the Atlantic cable line, first observed, in 1873, that the electrical resistance of selenium was instantly altered by light, the resistance being di minished by increasa of light. Dr. Siemens made use of this peculiarity of selenium in the construction of his novel eye. An electrical circuit is arranged, of which a bit ot selenium forms a part, and constitutes the retina. When a strong light is admitted into the lens and falls upon the silenium retina, the current of electricity flows, and by acting upon Email magnets may be made to work the artificiallids of the eye, opening or cl- Bing them according to the intensity of the light. It is well known tbat the vibrationsof musical sounds may, by an ordinary conducting wire, be electrically transmitted and successfully delivered to the ear. It remains to be determined whether light vibrations can, by means of selenium and electricity, be transmitted to the brain in the absence of the natural eye. A Train Wrecked by a Tornado. — A train left Chicago at half -past 8 o'clock on the morning of May 6th, filled with passengers bound south via Cairo, ani to St. Louis, the latter being due at 10.40 p.m. The train was capsized and wrecked by the wind about half-past 5 p.m., at a point one mile and a half south of Neoga, a station about 112 miles from St. Louis. The train, which comprised six cars, including a sleeper, started out frona Neoga without the least apprehension of danger from the approaching storm, which was indioated by a slight rain and a lowering black cloud coming from the south-west, as seen by the passengers who happened to be looking out of the car windows. Branches aad limbs of trees were seen flying through the air, but the rattle of the cars prevented the roar of the tempest being heard. Suddenly the train was struck by the cyclone about the centre. The smoking car was the first to careen over, and then followed all the cars in succession, which were lifted up, and, after being dragged for some distance, thrown flat on their sides about seven feet west from the track, an d all extended along in a row. The engineer and fireman, seeing the first car going over, had just time to jump, when they were lifted up by the wind and carried along in the air soma two rods, and landed on their feet without being injured by their almost miracu lous flight. The engine and tender, having been disengaged from the rear cars by the breaking of the coupling, were ditched bottom upwards, and badly damaged. 