CALLED TO THE BAR '5 OE, ? THE FREEMASONS' OATH. By MARK LANE. jt.,'-;-! ? , (From the 1/anip.) fi ? , ., '' ; CHAPTEK;iL— (Continued,) TOUCHING PITCH. TflE friends were strolling oue evening to keep an appointment which Carleton had with Muller. They turned down an unfre quented street near Charing Cross and stopped at the door of an unpretending look' ing house. ' We must wait hero for Muller,' Carlo ton said. * Here,' Shuttleworth said, ' do you know what place this is ?' 'Of course I do, I know it is a gambling house as well as you do, bufc I am not going to play. . But you need not come in. Frank. 'I have no objection to coming in, I am too old a bird to be caught. But I really did notthink you would decoy me into a gambling house.' -As far as I am concerned, it will be a gambolling house,' returned Oarleton, ' Re gardless of theirdoorn, the little victims play ' As he uttered this appropriate quotation, Muller joined them. Of his nationality there could be no doubt. The inevitable spectacles adorned his nose, disclosing rather than hiding a pair of prominent blue eyes, which appeared to be rushing out of his head in direct opposition to the Jaws oi capillary attraction, for his long fair hair was combed back from his forehead and streamed down his neck. He was young Germany with a vengeance. Need it be added that ho wore a ' Schiller* collar (that German imitation of the Byron tie) 1 The door of the house being opened at Muller's knock, .they entered the house in company with another man. Dark as the passage was, the man who opened the door seemed to recognize Muller, and let him pass at once. ? Your friends, sir ?' he asked as the others followed. ' Certainly, if they will allow mo to call them so/ answered Muller, and, with a laugh at his own wit, he led the way to a green baize door which stood at the end of the pas sage without noticing the addition to the party. A long passage led to the back part of the house, and into a large brilliantly lighted room. At a table in the middle of the room, sat the croupiers, with the usual piles of gold before them, superintending tho favourite game of rouge et noir. A strange contaast their steady business-like faces presented to the pale, eager, anxious countenances of those who crowded round the table, each with his left arm held closely against his side, as if in a sling, to support the gold ranged in a com pact line along the coat sleeve, while a few coins lay loose in the hand ready for use. Although in the heart of London, men of, .all' nations were here, their different characterise tics merged in the one prevailing type of the gamester, tho only variation being as they lost or won. Carleton was too much interested in look ing on to wish to join the game, and would have continued to be a spectator only, if Muller, who was flitting about the table like a presiding demon, had not told him it was absolutely necessary he should stake somo thing. ' Or else it you and your friend stand there with such solemn faces you will be taken for an archbishop or a bobby.' j As the friends approached the table, the j man who had come in with them and had ; taken a seat at it at once, rose from his seat, j The compressed lips, pale, set face, showed ! that he at least had had enough. Carleton cast a look of compassion at him, and his ? hand involuntarily sought his pocket, but the ; man had disappeared, and he only drew out some money and staked it upon red. With ' the luck that usually] attended him, 'he won ? several titnjs, and was almost beginning to j oatch the gaming fever, whonjthe gas was sud denly turned out, and a voiei) cried out : ' The police are UDon us.' f, Amid the uproar of oaths, blows, slamming i of doors, and overturning of tables and chairs that ensued, Carleton stood still, not knowing where to go, his last siake yet in his hand, until lie experienced the novel but unmistakable ^sensation of the ' bracelets.' When the gas was relighted it was discovered that the habitues, knowing all the ins and outs — more especially the outs — of the place, had escaped, and that Shuttleworth, Carle ton, and a policeman in plain clothes v.'oro the only prisoners. Carloton found the man who had come iu w'th them s' finding beside them iu the capacity of his captor. j For the first time in his life, Carblon saw I Shuttlcworih crestfallen ; but he recovered : himself, and finding Carleton's friend waa the effieer ia charge, he waited until tUo greater part had dispersed to search the pre« mises, and then asked for a few minutes' pri- vate conversation with him. ' It is of no use,' the inspector said, grin ning, ' I saw you play with my own eyes.' 'It strikes me I saw .you play,' returned Shuttleworth coolly, ' you will find you have made more than one mistake.' And he nodded significantly at the now unhand cuffed policeman; The superinten dent looked rather sheepishlypand followed Shuttleworth into a corner of the room. After a very i'ew words Carleton was astonished to see the handcufs taken off Shuttleworth with every mark of respect, after which Shuttleworth walked into the middle of the room, and signed to the inspector to release Carleton also. . ' I am very sorry we could not manage to catch anyone but ourselves and our friend here,' he said. 'But you did your best, Evans, and I will take care a proper report reaches head quarters.' The inspector only bowed,andCarletonsoon found himuclf to his great relief but utter b3-- wildermont, once move in the open street. Shuttleworth took his arm and walked off as coolly as if nothing had happened, but Carle ton could contain his amazement no longer. ' How the dickens did you manage to get us out of this scrapo. When did you turn policeman ?' ' It is as clear as the day breaking over the chimney-pots yonder,' returned Shuttle* worth ; ' I have no more co do with the police than yon have, but I am a Freemason and so is that chap. I aeldom forget a face, and I recognized his at onco, although not as a detective. When we were caught, I knew ho must let us po, and I played the part of a police official to blind the other fellows' eyes. You must say nothing about it, or we shall have a fine talk about perversion of justice, bnf; vmi ran kpp tlim'n is smrm use. in hcinnr n Mason after all.' Carleton said nothing. It is not to be wondered at that lie rejoiced at his lucky escape, but certainly his contact with the leading men of the day had blunted his senao of justice, or ho would have seen that how ever advantageous Freemasonry might prove to private individuals it might not be so beneficial to society at large. CHAPTER III. 'Casting- Shadows.' . :. The London season was over, mini« sters; had eaten their whitebait, the club»houses — like some of their members ? — were undergoing the process of ' white-washing,'' and there was no one, socially speaking, in London. The Row was a desert, and Kensington Gardens no longer presented tnose. fascinating ?combina- tions of nursemaids and guardsmen, peram bulators and babies, with which we have been made so familiar in the'. pages of Punch. Carleton, though above the snobbishness of not liking to be seen in London out of the season, found the place too hot to hold him. He only waited for Shuttleworth to join him in a tour. In this he was disappointed, for Shuttloworth insisted on working hard till the last moment, and finally extinguished Carleton's lingering hopes, by the announce ment, that when the law courts were closed, he intended to go on circuit. s My address for the next two months will be South Wales Circuit.' ' You will kill yourself, returned Cavleton. ' You are looking like your own ghost now or soinebocty's shadow on the wall.' ' I shall not be able to haunt you, at any rate,' said Shuttleworth. ' I don't see how it is to be helped, nor how I can take a holi day until Christmas.' 'I shall not know what to do with myself.' 1 Take a cook's ticket and make a pilgrim age,' suggested his friend. ' Don't forget the pras.' ' I have a great mind to go to Vienna with Muller. He did ask me.' ' Muller 1' repeated Shuttleworth. Carleton laughed at his friend's tone. v' Poor Muilor, I can't think why you dislike him. He is an awfully good fellow.' To which somewhat; vague encomium Shuttleworth made no reply. He would not allow to himself that he could be guilty of the womanish weakness of jealousy, but he could give no other reason for his dislike to Muller, so he gave none. Nor could he make any objection to Carleton's proposed trip, and the matter ended there. Carleton went abroad with Muller, leaving Shuttlewoith still in London, for the present. Except for a fortnight in Paris, the tourists did not stay more than a day or two any where, until they arrived at Vienna, Muller's birthplace. Here Carle! on took up his quarters in tho Hotel Munich, preferring an hotel not so much frequented by his fellow country people as the Erzherzog Karl, where Muller wanted him to put up. Moreover, his hotel was as convenient as the other, and suited him .'is being nearer the friends with whom Muller was staying. Vienna h unlike most Euro pean capitals in this : the old town, not the i-.nh:xrhii, is tho fashionable part. It ,'itill retains the appearance of a fortified town, : being surrounded by a deep moat and high walls, under which run dark archways, called \ -—with their projecting bastions— by the com mon name of Bastein, through which the town is entered. A wide open space, planted with trees, and crossed by roads and paths in all directions, surrounds tho town like a belt and separates it from the suburbs. This is called I he Glacis, and way formerly part of the fortifications ; it is now used as a prome nade. Thanks to Muller's thorough acquaint ance with tho city, Carleton managed to see everything worth seeing, and the time slipped by pleasantly enough until ho talked of re' turning. Muller begged him to wait for an entertainment to be given by the Freemasons, as ho would be the only representative of the English Masons. Carleton demurred on the ground that he had seen all lie cared to see, and that Shuttloworth would be back from circuit ; but Muller pressed so hard for his consent, and seemed so anxious for his presence, that Carleton agreed to stay, and instead of starting for England the clay he had intended, he remained iu Vienna. Per haps his doings will bo best chronicled by a letter he wrote to Shuttleworth : — ' My dear Frank, — I suppose you have been loo busy to write, and I have been much too idle. Pleasure-hunting or sight-seeing is the easiest way of wasting time I know of, but I think I may Hatter myself now that I have really done Vienna. I had no idea that there was so much to see in the old place, but I have had tho advantage of an indefati gable laqiiais do place — cicerone — what do you call it ? — in tho shape of Muller. He is really well-informed and quite enthusiastic about the sights and wonders of his birth place. Under his auspices I have inspected the firo- watch tower, the libraries, picture galleries, palaces, churches, and other curiosity-sheps, and feel I have deserved well of my country. You know Vienna well, and no doubt can sympathize in my feelings at the sight of tho Emperor Frederic the Third's marble monument with the initials of his motto, A.E.I.O.U.,* twisted round the sceptre in his hand. I felt inclined, on behalf of the British public, and in gratitude to Lindley Murray, to add ' .sometimes W and Y!' Did you visit the Imperial burying place in the Capuchin church P I found it only distinct from the underground burying places by the stronc smell of snuff (m-obabiv diffused by the Capuchin brother who lights you over it), and the fact that the bodies ot the Imperial family are not buried hero entire ; it being their curious custom to be buried in three detachments in three differ ent churches ; for fear, I presume, that their combined loveliness, like the Miss Ken wig's, should be too much for the Vieneso public, to say nothing of chance visitors. I confess to xqxj little interest in any grandeur, de funct or otherwise ; but there was to me one object of interest, the copper coffin thatholds Napoleon's sou, the Duke of lleichstadt, as they call him here. Over this I would wil lingly have lingered, but Muller dragged me awajf to keep me half an hour sentimentaliz ing over what had been the trunk of the last tree remaining out of the Wiencrwald, but what looks now like a flattened barrell, in consequence of the hoops of iron bound round it to preserve it, and the nails driven into it by the journeyman apprentioes of Vienna when setting out on their travols. Here .Muller, I beliove, spends an hour or so, trying to discover the particular nail he drove in (for no other reason that I could find out, except that lie had not been ai: apprentice), each day dociding on a fresh one. You, with your faculty for caricature, can imagine the 3tudy Muller is at these times ; his long hair streaming in the wind, tho tears starting to his eyes, himself looking as if disposed to embrace the tree, or mo, or his nearest neigh bour. JSTofc that ho is particularly soft hearted. The revelations o*.' his student life are not of a milk and water order, --nd he has already fought seven duels, in one of which he gouged his opponent's eye out, and in another crippled a man for life. I discover that ho himself has no tip to his left ear, as a result of one of these delightful encounters. All or which surprised me, as I should not call Muller courageous precisely. (To be continued.) 