THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, MAY 12, 1876. SEVEN years and two months have elapsed since we had to chronicle the death of the last Tas- manian male aboriginal, and our columns to-day record how yesterday was committed to the earth within the precincts of a gaol the mortal remains of the last of a race - a race that as lately as the beginning of this century were the undisputed possessors of a land of which they had been so thoroughly dispossessed that TRUGANINI, the widow of the last male aboriginal, and herself the last of a people of whose origin we know so little and whose extinction leaves us still less on which to plume ourselves, could not find a final resting place among the green fields she loved so well, or on the mountain's brow on which, with elastic step, she once so proudly trod. The requirements of so-called science, which in our case judging by what took place in March, 1869, means the indecorous sel- fishness of some member of the medical profession to secure to himself what his brethren desired on the part of all, and the determination of the profession to out-wit a brother medico, or some paid — in honour or cash — agent of a foreign society, imposed on Government the cruel neces- sity of giving to the last of the aborigines of this Island what bears so near an approach to a felon's grave that the necessity infers a disgrace on us all. Future generations will tell how, to defeat the contending interests that claimed on behalf of Science the right to preserve what can be preserved of the remains of the last aborig- inal, her body had to be buried within high walls so as to secure that protection from body snatchers which is to be found in the watchful care that secures us from the escape of prisoners. It is a humiliating reflection, and we envy not the feelings of the unknown gentleman whose zeal in behalf of his so-called science, and whose desire to receive the thanks of some learned Society, are credited with having imposed on the Government of the Colony the necessity of taking so unexceptionable a means of pre- serving the body from the sacriligious hands that would, probably, had the means been allowed him, made merchandise of the body yesterday laid in the court yard of the Cascades establishment. We care not to reopen the dis- cussion that in 1869 was so little creditable to any implicated in the transactions that led to it. We leave to time the discovery of the chief offender, and to future generations of Tasma- nians to pass the sentence of condemnation against which even the claims of science will be found no palliation. We content ourselves with saying that in so far as the resolution of Govern- ment, communicated in our columns yesterday was concerned, we have no fault to find. They yielded to a necessity for which they were not responsible. But when we give Government credit for the determination at which they professed they had arrived, we fear we are complimenting their discretion at the expense of their integrity of purpose. There are some men of whom it is said they never tell the truth except by accident; others, of whom it is said they never tell the truth when a lie will serve their purpose. We do not say that Government has been setting up this last class as their model to be followed in Tasmanian State craft, but we do say that their conduct in connection with TRUCANINI'S funeral, and their departure from the pro- gramme they had laid down and voluntarily made public, requires explanation, both as a duty to themselves and as an apology to the large number of our citizens whom they de- prived of the means of paying respect to the last of her race, and the still larger crowds who were fooled by being detained waiting to witness, and probably accompany so far, the funeral procession, to prevent which the Govern- ment must have deliberately planned a deceptive story, and had gone out of their way to mislead. For what, purpose it is impossible to say, and in the absence of any satisfactory explanation it is not unreasonable to suppose that Government would not have stooped to deception had they not contemplated thereby keeping from public knowledge some act of which they are ashamed. We have no hesitation in saying that if that act was to overtly hand over to the Royal Society of Tasmania, or to passively connive at that Society securing the body of the deceased TRUCANINI, we do not see any serious or insurmount- able objection. She has left neither "kith nor kin " whose feelings could be outraged, and if a few moonstruck dreamers might declaim against a treatment of the dead of another race which would not cost them a thought if those of their own kind were subjected to it, future genera- tions would less disapprove of the conduct of the Government of the day in this respect, than will the public of Tasmania a deliberate deception on the part of Ministers that, from the influence of example in high places, must tend to the public demoralisation. If the object be to hand over the body to the Royal Society, why not say so? If it be not, why the mysterious conduct of Ministers ? Why did they lead the public to expect that one line of procedure would be adopted, when, at the time they volunteered the information to the Press, they must have resolved on following another ? Why was the body removed from the Hospital at the dead hour of night when it was given out virtually, if not in as many words that the funeral would leave the Hospital at mid- day? And why was Mr. BOYD armed with authority to demand from the Hospital officials the dead body and sent to exercise that authority after the Hospital officials had gone to bed ? What the necessity for his interference ? The COLONIAL SECRETARY told us on Wednesday evening that the funeral would be " conducted at the expense of Government by Mr. Wm. HAMILTON, the well-known undertaker." Had Government changed their minds, and, deeming this a too great honour for Mr. HAMILTON, did they resolve, in reward for his many well paid services, to promote Mr. A. H. BOYD, Superintendent of the Cascades Establish ment, by creating him undertaker - in - chief for the Colony of Tasmania ? If so, what the expense so ostentatiously alluded to ? What the conveyance that bore from the Hospital to the Cascades the body of TRUCANINI? Was it a well-known carriage in charge of its diminutive tiger ; the van that conveys prisoners, so as to fully realize the promised " decent interment of the corpse ;" or has Mr. BOYD, with his new honours blushing thick upon him, become the owner of a hearse ; for it is plain that " Mr. Wm. HAMILTON, the well-known undertaker," provided no hearse. He was left outside the Government confidence, and was allowed to send a coffin yesterday morning to the Hospital to receive a body then lying in a building at the Cascades. We have been informed that Mr. HAMILTON was pur- posely left to make this fool's errand to throw the public off the scent. But what the object of throwing the public off the scent ? Is the Government of Tasmania made of superior clay to that of the people that they must not mix together even in a funeral cere- mony? Was there any fear of an attack on 'the funeral cortege and the abstraction of the body from the hearse in broad day light? Or was all this finessing and deception meant to cover the greater intended deception of surreptitiously handing over the body to some one else than the grave- digger ? We know that the real body was consigned to mother earth, but we know also that "the best laid schemes o' mice and men (and we suppose of Ministers too) gang aft a-gley ;" and if we are left to surmise that the removal of the body from the Hospital at midnight was intended to facilitate an attempt to make the funeral a sham, and Government complain of such a supposition, they have only their own double dealing to blame for the wrong done them. The COLONIAL SECRETARY is new to office, and we regret that he should have been persuaded to make his first public communication to the Press in a manner so exposed to grave reprehen- sion. We believe him to be intuitively and in practice a straightforward and houourable gentle- man, and we trust the present will be a lesson, and that he will not again allow himself to be made a catspaw of to convey to the public an impression that one course is intended while another is determined on. We may be wrong in suspecting an intention to make the funeral a farce. But the suspicion has taken such hold on the public that they will not be satisfied of the good faith of Govern- ment in this matter ; and we shall not be surprised if a demand be made on the part of the public that the grave be opened in order that the iden- tity of the body there with that of TRUCANINI be yet further established. If we have no ob- jection to the Royal Society obtaining the open and acknowledged possession of the body, we object most decidedly to the end being attained by a subterfuge that involves the honour and integrity of Ministers. MAIL COACH CHANGE.--WO loam from tho Post Office that the mail coaches will leave Hobart Town and Launceston on Saturday evening next, at the usual hours instead of on Sunday evening-the coach from Hobart Town conveying the English Mail. A NEW IDEA.-It will be seen from our Liun cestón correspondent's letter that, despairing of Government-it should rather bo said Parliamen- tary-help, an association is being formed in Laun- ceston for the purpose of making a road, "from the agricultural and mineral district of Ringarooma to its natural outlet at the mouth of the Ringarooma River." This is no doubt very proper and natural to those who feel, as all must do, tho want of roads in the mining districts. But might wo suggest to the committee, "as a reasonable arrangement for promoting tho objects of the society," the propriety of waiting on the membors for the Tamar and South Esk-Messrs. Grubb, Aikenhead, and Scott-and asking them to abandon their party tactics, and for once support the public interest by voting for the public works schemo of Government. ALLEGED DISCOVERY or TIN IN FRANKLIN. Yoätorday a good deal of interest was expressed in an alleged discovery of tin near the Gordon River, Franklin. Wo have seen somo of the ore reported as obtained there. While we have no doubt of tho reality of the Bample, we want further information before we accept as true all we have boon told. Cnicicw ASSOCIATION.-The committee of the Cricket Association oil for tenders for the loase of tho pavilion bar at the cricket ground on the athletic sports day, May 20th. Tenders are to bo sent in to Mr. J. G. Davies not later than Wednes- day the 17th of May. CAMPBELL ITOWN I RALL.-A ball is announced to take place this evening at Smith's Assembly Room«, Campbell Town. > . " * , I THE CHRISTIAN'^VITNESS.-The number of the ' 'hristian Witness published yesterday isfully.up to the mark. It contains » deni of interesting reading of the class most acceptable in such a journal. The names or initials of some now well-known con- tributors give guarantee of the superior nature of the articles contributed. We observe some.poekry . among tho.contents, one piece of which is headed " Philanthropic Rhymes," for no other reason that we can seelhan to sbow the philanthropy of the editor towards the writer, who needlessly tells us his lines aro original, in admitting into tho columns of a high class religious journal such rubbish, but there is no philanthropy towards the readers, if it is expected they are-to wade through what Í8 neither " rhyme nor reason." The lines aro said to be No. 1. ' Let them also be tho last. The present number completes the fourth year of the Witn'ss existence. ,It Í3, in future, to be published weekly. The attempt is a plucky one, and wo hopo it will meot the success it deserves. QUESTIONABLE ZEAL-.-A correspondent calls at- tention to a procedure that we think should bo checked in the bud. Wo can have no objection to any overflow of religions feeling or zeal provided it is kept within proper bounds, which it certainly is not, when, hours öfter sunset, and opposite a public house, gatherings are being held under the guise of religious services. Such practices are not likely to do any good, but are calculated to bring religion into ridicule, and the police should clear the foot- paths and remove the obstruction as they would any other nuisance. " NOTES OF A CONTINENTAL Toùit."-A crowded audience assembled in St. John's schoolroom, Goulburn-Btreet, last night, to hear Mr.' ,T. Mclntyre's "Notes of a Continental Tour," de- livered in aid of tho piano-fund of the Guild of St. John. The lecturer was briefly introduced by tho Rev. Brooke Bailey, and was accorded a warm re- ception. After a few introductory remarks,-Mr. Mcintyre began his reminiscences with a description of the scenery along the banks of tho Scheldt. Taking his hearers with him in imagination to Ant- werp, ho dwelt at length on the beauties of its world-renowned cathedral,' and Renben's famous pictures on either Bide of the high altar. Brussels was then touched upon, followed by Liege, Aix-la Cbapelle, and Cologne. A description of the tour up the Rhine, past Bonn, Coblentz, tho fortress of Eurenbrielsttin, as far as Brugcn snoceeded. From Brugen he diverged westward, through Saarbruck, Metz, and the battle-fields of Lot raine, and onto Paria, via Rhcinis and Soissons. The various places visited by Mr. Mcintyre were graphically described, and the descriptions were ¡nterspered with amusing sketches of manners, customs, and incidents of travel, keeping the audience in continued good humour from beginmug to end of his lecture. At the close, a hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr. Mcintyre, whose first public appearance in Hobart Town, since his return from Europe, has certainly been an unqualified success. TASMANIAN AGRICULTURAL, PASTORAL, AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.-Tho committee of this Bociety met last evening at the Masonic Hall. A statement of the accounts in connection with the late show was placed before the meeting. The treasurer was authorised to pay the prize-money and some accounts in connection with the show. Some comments were made on the illiberolity of the City Council in not allowing some reduction to the society for the use of the Town Hall, especially as over thirty pounds had been paid within six month« for three exhibitions. It was decided to hold the next annual meeting early in August. A Bub-com mittee was appointed to prepare a programme for the nc.\t stock show at Elwick. The meeting then adjourned till Sth June. It. will be Been from our advertising columns that the prizes are now payable by the treasnrer,and all accounts in connection with the society must be sent in immediately to the hon. sec. PROI'OSED GYMNASTIC CLUB.-A meeting of, gentlemen interested in the formation of a gymnas- tic club in this city waB held at the Bird-iu-Hand Hotel last night. There was a good attendance, those present appearing to be united in opinion as to the desirableness of such a club being established. The only business transacted was the appointment of a committee to carry out preliminary arrange- ments, and to frame niloc. A suggestion was made as to the advisability of procuring a master from Melbourne, but no definite conclusion was arrived; at. The meeting adjourned for a fortnicbt. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-The usual weekly meeting of tho Executive Committee of the Benevolent Society was held in the Board-room yesterday after- noon. Present : Dr. Hall (in the chair), and, Messrs. Georgo Wilson, W. II. Burgess, C. Dowdell, and J. Withrington. Tho minutes of the previous mooting weie road and confirmed. . Tho report for the week of the Registrar showed that 28 eases, comprising 101 individuals, had been relieved with 24 full, and four half rations. The returns from the Invalid Dcpût showed that one inmato of the Cascades had been discharged-unablo to work ; three from the Brickfields and two from Now Town -fit for light work. Two applications for relief were considered by the Committee, one from a woman whoso husband had, according to custom, deserted her, and another from a man who was afllieted with bad legs, and who had left hospital before being cured. In the former caso, the Com- mittee directed the woman to got out a warrant for her busband, relief being afforded her in the mean- time ; and tho other case was postponed to enable the registrar to make further inquiry into it. The Registrar announced that the Hon. P. O. Fysh had contributed the sum of £10 towards the fuel fund for the coining winter. POLICE COURT.'-The usual sitting of the Police Court was held yesterday, before the Police Magis- trate and Mr. Maxwell, J.P. A case of tlueatening language was disposed of by the defendant being bound over in one surety of £10 to keep tho peace for six months. The caso was a woman's quarrel, arising out of stone throwing by the children of the defendant. The Police Magistrate, in giving judg-, mont, observed that in a number of instances, instead of patents trying to check their children's squabbles, they show them the worst possible oxamplo by quarreling themselves. A maintenance order was enforced against a man who bad failed to comply with it, and a charge of larceny and receiving was remanded till to-morrow. GREEN PONDS,-The officers of the We'll Journey Together Lodge, No. 7, I.O.G.T., for the current term were installed on Tuesday night by Bro. T. Wright, D.D., viz. :-W.C.T., Bro. Geo. Lumsden ; W.V.T., Bro. W. A. Brown ; W.S., Sister M. E. Wright ; W.C., B.o. Abel ; W.T., Bro. J. Newbold; W.M., Bro. P. Goodwiu ; W.I.G., Bro. Pearse; W.O.G., Bro. Whittle, sen.; W.A.S., Sister A. Stone; W.D.M., Sister E. Philpot; W.B.H.S., Bro. C. Smith; W.L.H.S., Bro. W. Crabtree; Bro. J. Lumsden nominated and elected L.D. for current year, and Bro. W. Stoue appointed P.W.C.T. {vice Bro. J. Lumsden) for present term. LiaiiT OF QUEENBOROUGH LODGE, I.O.G.T.-In connection with this' lodge a tea meeting is announced to take placo on Monday evening next, in the Queenborough Schoolroom, Sandy Bay. WORSE TUAN IIEINO ON A JURY'.-The Conclavo of Gregory X. lasted two years, during which the Church ol Rome was without au infallible head. Clement IV., the predecessor of Gregory, died at Viterbo, and the cardinals, not being able to agree upon the choice of a succossor, were preparing to leavo the town, when St. Buonaveutura, the dis- ciple of St. Francis of Assisi, persuaded the inhabitants to shut their gates, and not to let the cardinals go till a Pope was made. The people took the saint's advice, and not ouly shut the gates of the town, but set a guard over the cardinals at tho doors of the palace in which they met, and informed them that they could not oven leave the palace until they had elected their Pope. However, oven, then tho cardinals could come to no agreement; they went on fiom month to month and month to mouth, still voting without producing the requisite majority, till 'one'day the Cardinal del Porto exclairaod that the Holy Ghost could never come down and inspiro their choice as long as they had a roof over their heads, The people of Viterbo took this profane joke seriously, and'unroofed the palace. -This measure, again, was still ineffectual, and tho cardinals, it seemed, would never'have ai rived at any determi. nation had the device not boen hit upon of diminishing the supplies of their tables. This measure succeeded. Hunger effected more than rain or wind had dono, and Gregory X. was elocted. Gregory X., on his election, issued the Bull that all future Popos should bo elected in conclave-thut ¡8 by an assembly of cardinals locked up together, and subject to spoaitlnil restrictions as to diet and attendance until the election was over.-From '" Papal Conclaves," in the Cornhill Magazine. *' MRS. SPLINES," observed a boarder to tlioland .lndyofa Mnnsoii-streot caravansary, "thd eqlial adjustment of this establishment could be moro safely seemed if thero was less hair in the hash and more iii the-mattresses,"-Danbury News. KB" WE have been requested to draw attention to the salo of heavy draught, light harness, and hack hor»es at Cooley'», New Town, by Robert's and Co., THIS DAY, at U o'clock. ifS- Wr. aro icqnested by Messrs. Gnesdon and Westbrook to di aw the ntteutioii of purchase» to the sale of potatoes, onions, and harness, which takes plube at the mart THIS DAY, at 11 o'olook. ««. WE have been reqiieatod by Messrs. Gueaijon and Westbrook to draw the attention of intending purchasers to the sale of Swan's property, whioh take« placo at the mai-t THIS DAY, at 12 o'clock for half past. PLEASANT INPOBUATION. It is pleasant for us to bo able to communicate to persons suffering from weak- ness, dyspepsia, nervousness, want of sleep, urinary difficulties, to tho aged and decrepit, and those who have imiMirud their physical or intellectual powers by | overwork, the fact that there is a safe, cortain ami agreeable rememtly for their various ills which the most experienced physicians concur in recommending. The article is Unou'Ho WOLWS'M SCHIEDAM AUOMATIC SCHNAITS. "BKRKELY, Sept., 1869.- Gontlemen, I fool it a duty I owe to yon to oxprors my gratitude for the great benefit I hnvo doilved by taking 'NORTON'S CAMOMILE Pir.r.s.' I'applied to your ugent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, j fur tho abavc-nnmed Villa, for wiuil ¡u the stomach, from which 1 sulfuicd cxoruclntiiig pnin for a lougth of time, having ti ¡eil nearly ovory remedy proscribed, but i without deriving any bunefit at nil. After taking two bottles of your valunblo pills I was quite restored to my J rimal «tate of'health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of thone who may bo thus ufflictod.-I um, sir yours truly, HENRY ALLPASS.-TO the Proprietors of Norton's Camomile Pilli." 31-8-70 ' 