qprrrpr X JULJCSl cp-p X AAjty. A"XTt?T V JtSJLaJLaJCaJLl* T MELBOURNE. [by oue travelling contbibutob.] I WAS never able to understand why the cliurch bells are always rung in this town on the mornings and evenings of Sunday. Every one accustomed to church- going- knows perfectly well the hour at which the service begins; and as only respectable people who can afford watches in their pockets and clocks on their mantelpieces are in the habit of attending, the bell is obviously quite unnecessary. In fact, Sunday bell ringing is an open and public acknowledgment that something more than a sense of duty is required to draw worshippers to church. Managers of theatres and conductors of concerts and other places of public amusement do not require to ling bells or blow irumpets to announce io the world that they are going to begin. Those who want to see Mrs. Scott Siddons, Miss Emilie Melville, or the Fakir of Onlu. take very good care to inform themselves of the time the performance commences; they feel that they will lose something good if they are absent when the curtain rises; and they don't wait, as some regular church-goers do, for the bell to ring before they think of getting ready. The strange part of the matter is the inconsistency that clergymen are guilty of, in permitting this unnecessary dtsecration of the Sabbath, Bell-ringing is very hard work. On hot wind days the perspiration runs down the face of the poor sexton in a copious shower, while he toils for half-an-hour at a time at the task that will enable him to earn bread for his family. Frequently the bell is hung away from the church, and the sexton has to stand in the rain or the cold, the hot sun. or the blinding dust storm, and tug away at his weary rope. The only excuse for asking any man to work on Sunday is that the work is a necessary one. Where there is necessity there is no desecration. There is pardon for the Sunday morning milkman, for the servant who cooks our Sunday dinner and makes the house tidy: for the organ bellows blower that enables us to hear " the pealing anthem swell the note of praise; " for the drivers, guards, and stokers of the Sunday trains that enable thousands to get to church, or to take a trip to the sea side, or into the country on their only holiday; there would be for the public library or Athenaium official, whose light labours on the day of rest would throw open the reading rooms and the treasures they contain to hundreds who cannot go to them on other days ; but there is none for the man who for the 6ake of his paltry wages breaks the fourth commandment by unnecessary bell-ringing. I am quite satisfied that, now that I have pointed out the evil, the Sabbath Observance Society will take the matter up, and an end will soon be made of church bells. The cabmen of Melbourne are a very rude body of men. They put people into the most awkward and unpleasant positions by their impertinent inquiries. When I was in Melbourne, I lived for some time in a large and flourishing suburb, lying to the south of the city, called Emerald Hill, and for the 6ake of exercise it was my invariable habit to walk back and forward to my lodgings whenever I had an occasion to go to town. But the cabmen would not allow me to enjoy my walk in peace. I would sometimes be followed by two or three cabs the drivers of which would repeatedly cry, with a note of interrogation in their rough voices, " M'bourne 1 M'bourne ?" And at last one would drive his cab up befcide me and pointeily put the question, " Going to Melbourne, sir ?" I would then be put in thi6 fix. If I said " No," I would be telling a falsehood, a thing to which I have the strongest objection ; while if I said " Yes," I would be told to jump up behind or before as the case might be. Then I would have to enter into an explanation and tell this man, who had really no right at all to question me, that though I was going to Melbourne it was my intention, on account of my health, to walk. I have done this occasionally, but the result was not of a nature to encourage one to repose confidence in a strange cabman. My politeness did not meet with a return. I have had words spoken to me which, in the language of summonses, were " calculated to provoke a breach of peace." I have been called "a gory fool." Cabmen have threatened to " punch my gory head." The most ensanguined terms of reproach have been" hurled at me. Latterly I quite gave up answering cabmen; I wouldn't even shake my head. If I shook my head at every cabman who shouted " M'bourne 1" on my way into the city, it would have been shaken pretty well off before I arrived at my destination, and it would besides have been suggesting a falsehood. I took refuge in a calm and stolid silence. I pretended not to hear them, or at least not to be conscious that it was to me they were addressing their remarks. I came to the conclusion that truth and civility were thiown away o i cabmen. I got into that state that I could look vacantly through them, without affecting to see or hear them screaming themselves red in the face, in inquiries as to whether I was going io Melbourne or Eni'ill. Once a cabman said to me when I asked him to perform a certain service for a certain remuneration, that he'd see me blowed first, and then he wouldn't. Well, I retaliated. Before I'd tell a cabman in what direction I was going, I'd have seen him blowed first, and then I wouldn't. In the end I felt I was quits with the cabbies ! Drawing-room chairs are getting thinner and slenderer year by year, till they promise soon to be quite unfit for seating any but ghosts or spirits. I was making a call one afternoon, before I left Melbourne, on a lady who lives in a fashionable suburb. Other visitors were there, and the couches, ottomans,, and real seats were all occupied, when a gentleman of a very substantial make entered the room. He spoke to the lady of the house for a time, and continued standing. She motioned him to a chair and begged him to be seated. A look of painful embarrassment overspread the fat man's face, but he made no offer to change hie position. The fact is, madam," said he, looking from the lady to the chair. " I weigh twenty stone F The poor fellow might just as well have attempted to walk on ice a quarter of an inch thick. In so young a community it is, perhaps, not to be wondered at that a certain amount of ignorance should exist as to the value, and even the meaning of universaly degrees. I was present one day when a discussion arose as to the attainments of a certain gentleman. " He is a bachelor of arts," said the oldest present. "Oh! no, papa," said the youngest, " he is married, and has two children 1" It would be a fair subject of discussion in a debating society, as to whether the women of Melbourne, in their anxiety for fashionable dress, are influenced more by an innocent and even laudable wish to please men and attract their attention, or by a desire to make each other envious by a show of clothing as absurd as it is costly. If I were a member of such a society, I would argue, with all the eloquence I could muster, that they don't cast a thought on men when they are engaged in selecting their dresses. In fact, they dress as they do, not for, but in spite of the opinions of the opposite sex. Young girls instead of attracting young men by the expensiveness and variety of their costumes, repel them. A young man has to count the cost of falling in love with a beauteous being adorned with lace and velvets, fur and feathers, and stuck over here and there with ornaments of gold and precious stones. He may like her pretty face, but the French bonnet that surmounts it, and that costs at the very least five guineas, warns him that he would be paying too much for his whistle if he let his liking get the better of his reason. So with married women. They surely cannot think they are pleasing their husbands when they run into wild extravagances of dress. They do not think so. They are too sensible. No matter how absurd and eccentrically fashionable a woman may be in the style and material of her clothing, she is perfectly well aware that it affords her husband no pleasured A man who will make one hat at a guinea last him for a year, can see no possible reason why his wife should have a new bonnet at a cost of several guineas every three months. A man will wear for years the same suit of sober black clothes, unchangeable alike inform and material, at balls, levees, and dinner parties; and it naturally makes him unhappy to see that every time his wife accepts an invitation, she requires a complete change. Men who don't buy a paii of gloves once in the year for themselves, will have wives who require them once a week. And so with everything else. Men are essentially plain and simple in their dress, as in their ordinary habits and ways of life; and they would be, of course, pleased to see women take after them. But this, women either cannot or will not see. They must have curiously cut skirts, fantastic bonnets, jackets fearfully and wonderfully made. They lead each other on. They dress at one another. They compose comical fashions for the mere sake of showing their ingenuity, and using up so many yards of silk and velvet ; and the woman who can contrive the strangest and most expensive covering for herself is the most envied of her sex, and consequently the happiest in herself. 