A Story of Christmas Eve— Told I in a Chuioh Wb had been de«or»ting our little cknrch for Ohrut xdbs, and bad almost eaadudedour pleasant tusk.-' Our dear minister and two or three joanj geatlc\mentrieuds had left, when it ws^suddenly snnonnsed by the mis chievons Katie Bernard that we were locked in. ' What shall we do !'' she cried in protended alarm ' We are absolutely locked in ! Every door is firroly closed, auri I beliere it is the doing of those dreadful boye, who have been trying to frigbten us ont of our wits all the afternoon with their ghoat^torioe. ' And Katie Bernard came laughing back to the spot where we were all standing, taking a last look at the effect of our work and saying farewell words. Kati« was biassed with excellent nerves and a consti tution thai defied winter snows end rammer beats, and I verily believe that abe could have curled herself np in one of the pews and slept the long night away aa soundly as in her own bed in the parsonage. But there were otters (and I coufeas I was one of them) who began tu find the dimmerine of the white monuments and strange eoulpkmred faces round about weird and a little ghostly. ' The -3a«k is falling. This is certainly most annoy ing,'* exclaimed Miss Montem, Blla Wllis'e governess, under whose charge we all were. She turned a little pale as she spoke, a rare thing for aer, for * more *elf-p-Kae»ed person than that band come Miss Montem I never saw. ' What! are jou, too, afraid of ghosts, Miss Moutem?'' langbed Katie. ' These boys' will be delighted, then, at tbs BucoesB of their trick.' The governess turned almost scornfully. 'I do not andentand bow me can fear that in which one does not believe,' she said ( 'trot I confess I have b particular dislike to remain is a chnreh after dnsk ; it recaUs .to my mind tiro mort point nl etory I ever heard.' And then, turning hastily away, Miss Montem herself went and examined every door, even tried tbe vestry window. Meanwhile the twilight «as momentarily deepening, and to my. mind, at least, those half -wreathed pillars, those white faaes peeping oat from between the dark BiBrel, and those Btone figures ou the twoancient tombs began to look very eerie indeed. We grouped eatselvee about tbe seats in the chancel, ssnd for a time talked and even laughed ; but somehow, first oae voice grew silent and then another, and at bust tbe grim figures in stone beside us were not more silent than we. a CTnll T tnnnfc nv thCfi in m. dinnftl WAV of nnendtn? Ohrlstmas-eve,'' at length sighed Katie Bernard. ' We onght to be round the See now, roasting chestnuts -and telling btorios.' 'Telling stories I ah, what a good idea! Wly not amuse onrselves by that now?' exclaimed another voice. ' Oome, Blla, yon have travelled ; tell us some of yoor adventures.* ' I ? I never tola a story in my life. No, ask Miss Montem.; she has a gift for it.' Tbe governess had been sitting a little apart from ns, closer to the tombs than we cared to go ; bnt an EUa spoke she raked her face, which Bhe bad been leaning on her bauds, and even in the fading light I saw that she was deadly pale. j£ ' I could not iell s story here,' ' be murmured, ' un less—would yoa like to bear the one of which I just now spoke? It is a terribly piinfel one, an awful one, There wns a nnirersal interruption of ' Never mind. Yes, yes. Tell as that, Miss Montem.' We all knew the strange power the nmally silent governess possessed for Kory- telling. It wns the only time indeed she unbent or seemed like other hmnnn beioga ; but when she did condescend to indulge us, she possessed a fascination which none of as coold resist; and we all knew that while listening to her we should cue very little for the cold or darkness. This was tbe story she told us : . At tbe time of my Btory I was only seventeen, and serving my first yenr ae governess-pupil at Mrs. Morris's school near ?'-irrametta, No, Slla, you need set look pityingly at me. for I was ycry happy. Sirs. Morris treated me kindly and fairly i ; and atnougst the girls I bad friends whom I loved dearly. Beside*, Mount ? — , as the place was called, was con diKifr-d ou toe borne principle, »nd there wa« not jpne of us who regarded our. existence whilst there bat*«s inT (ensely tatiefftftory and enjojable. Yoq may imugine that Mrs. Morris could not have bsuu s very rigid seboolmistress when I tell yoa that [ we ereu received tbe news that wo should be obliged to I ppend OliTiHtmae-doy imder her roof with no greater r.vsrct than oue nataally feels when one finds the pleasure or seeing dear friends suddenly deferred. Tbat Christmas was the wettest I remember. Boads were subject to constant stoppages; and it happened that in our part of the country a small river hud been so swelled by tbe tain »s to nave laid tbe surrounding ways under water. So, what with one thing and another, Mount ? lay separated from Paxramatta with al most as many difficulties to be overcome as if a hemis-. pbere was between them. Most of ns were Sydney girls, and tbe railway being unreaobable, our fate was qaiokly settled. Tbe only two who remained voluntary prisoners were Millicent Power and her etraam, Irena Xtanont. Milly Power was tbe niece of a rich lady, who, it was believed, intended to make her her beiresB; end her home lay but a eouple ef miles from Mount ? -. Bat Christmas or any other ' muss ' was so dull with her rich aunt, who passed her time nursing her cat, knitting, and physicking her various imaginary ail ments, that both Milly and Irena no sooner beard tbat the rest of ns would be forced to spend part of the holidays at school, than they begged Mrs. Morris to allow them to do the same. I think we were all glad tbat they did not desert us, though, perhaps, had — but I must not anticipate. They were oar head girls, onr leaders — Milly Power by right of age sad rank, Irena Dupont by right of ler daring spirit and rich beauty. An, heavens! baw*beautiful tnat girl was ! I eee her before me now, with her dark flowing eyes, her oval face, the rich Australian blood mantling her cbeek with every emotion; bo fresh; so eager in her enjoyment of her young life and splendid health. She was cousin to Millioent by the mother's side; but, though daughters of two sisters, there was not a shadow of resemblance either in character or feature between them. Millicent was fair, cold, haughty, proud of her ancient family— a little proud, 1 sometimes tnougfat, of having money alwayn at her command, and being tbe heiress of her aunt. Bat I onght not to make her any reproach, for she was a kind friend to me, and it was thanks to Milly'B .purse that my psor wardrobe could boast any thing beyond tbe very humblert attire. How it wax tbat Irena Dopont lived also under the protection of b»r aont I never rightly understood. She was not a penniless orphan, I knew, for she often al luded to her father and his stations in the Bligh eUs toiot; but yet she appeared to be U a gnat Kenure dependent on her aunt;, and o&oe; or twjoe I noticed that she save way to Millioeat, proudly, but te a maamar that betrayed she had a reason for so doing. Were they fsnd of each other, these two cousins P | Ah, tbat was a question which none of as could BatU faotor'ily answer then— not even I, who was Milly's bosom friend. ? They sang together sweetly, rode together; but never by any chance were they known to talk together beyond joining in ordinary «onversatjon, and never did I see Irena give Milly one ef those gushing kisses which she bestowed so liberally and gracefully on those she loved amougst ns. It was not, hewevet , till iae Christmas I am speaking itf tbit I knew the gnat obstacle between them to be Milly's jealousy of her wmain's beauty. We were sitting in tbe schoolroom after tea, as merry a party ae could be, in epite of pur imprisonment, when Mrs. Morris entered tatner abruptly, and with not an altogether satisfied ezpiesdan ef countenance. 'Millioent, my dear, I want yon in the drawing room,' she said, slowly ehotting Ae 4wr. 'Tour cousin, Arthur Power, has ridden over, perfeotly despc rato at finding tbe old house only pxwrided over by your a-unt;jand he/dealares that the pUoeJs so ddl iana the weaker so wei tbat he really caa'ttaoe it again to-night, 'n£gi!t*lmi!?2tor£ mf!*- «ostlmp«)per of him to cometoSBedboolforyounKaadlesilW-sure.' Millioesf at air face flashed, anditpeculiar half -vexed ' «nile«urveaterdipt. .--? .^ .:? ..f-*Z ???.?? -™ . ? ? ?- 'Jnst like Arthur -he is to inopnsidorate,''' she «x daimed,rijing with' Aer work in Beriiaad. . I;1 uffe wanted to come down bfae, bat IwouIdnofJ allowthat.' . . f ' ^ dOt course not,' said Milly, wmlking rathertastily j towards the door. ' 1 uAh,Ixena,youm»y as well come too. I—'.' But .Millioent turned almost abruptly, and with a. «*range f orgetf umeas of the respect she usually paid Mrs; Morris, -exclaimed, 'What Tor)1 Arthur is my cousin, not Irena's. She does not know him even.' Irena had risen, and was following, bat «.ttbose words ^ she dropped back into ber corner by the fire, and a smile, half angry, half soornfol, passed over her beautiful face. ' True,' *be said quietly. ' - Mrs. Morrit looked a little puzzlad, but even she sometimes gave way to Mis« Powrr; and* so, without further remark, she linked her arm in Milly's, and they left tbe schoolroom. We were not so discreet as our governess, however; and no sooDer had tho door closed than there was a general exclamation against Milliceut, for Irena was the idol of tbe school; and then the indignant girl for an instant seemed to forget the restraint she had always imposed on herself, and lifting up her flushed face, with its rich,angry. Sowing eyes, she exclaimed -. 'Nonsense! Tou forget Millicent is almost engaged to her csusin It was natural she should wish to ete him alone.' ' Or natural, you main, that she should not eish him to see you,' exclaimed some one. But if that was Uillieent's wish, she was cruelly disappointed. Mrs. Morris, anxious to make up In Borne measure for our disappointment, had invited the doo tor's and lawyer's fami&es;, living in the town clow by, with the vicar's nieces, to come and celebrate Christmas Evt in the good old- fashioned manner ; and no sooner lid Arthur hear of the u party,'' than be invited himself to remain for it; and net all Mrs. Mbrris's hints at impropriety and inconvenience ojnlii induce the band-, some young fellow to dislodge himself. To the excellent lady's intense relief, Mr. Power was a late riser, and she contrived te despatch us, all the next morning to the church which we were to assist in decorating before he made Hb appearance ; and I firmly believe, as she watched us all pats out of the garden gate, she thought she had manoeuvred skilfully past all danger natal at least the evening. School- girls of seventeen and eighteen are apt to talk a good deal on those snbjecU which good Mrs. Morris dreaded so ; but I don't thiuk my mind was ever much given. that way, and Aiihu Power certainly never crossed my thoughts when onccl found 'mysalf in the church, with wreaths, of native no wen and ever greens, waiting to do justice to all the artistic taste we could nmnter among us. ? We were soon scattered over the church, and as ueua Milly and I worked together. She was not in a talkative humour, : nd so we spoke ' little except about tile work j and when she suddenly | left me, saying Bhe must have a little exercise to warm ?? her, I scarcely missed her. i Alas, that she ever took that ramble! j She was not gone long, and when she returned she was out of breath. ' What do you think, Dora, I have found,' she began; and then suddenly she paused and looked sharply round, for a man's laugh sounded from the chancel. ' That's Arthur ; let us go and see,' J she exclaimed. ' I And we did go, and what we saw was beautiful— . Irena mounted on a chair, twining a wreath round a cherub'e bead ; and there beside her, gazing up and handing sprays of shining green, stood Arthur Power. Two other girls were near, but it was Irena Dupont on whom those handsome blue eyes were fixed so earnestly that even our approach was unnoticed. 'So yon have found us out, Arthur, in spite of Mrs. Morris,' Milly exclaimed, with a smpe on her lips, but O, such wildly angry eyes ! He turned immediately end held out hie hand. 'Of course; jou know I always manage for my self.' ' Bo it BeemB, even your introductions.' ' Ao to that, Miss Dupont is a kind of cousin, you know, and therefore an introduction was unnecessary ; besides, I am making myself so decidedly useful, that even if I have offended against the convenancu I ought to- ba forgiven.' 'And 60 you shall be if yoa will mount and finish this fox me.' interrupted Ire&&4 and before even he could reply, she h&u; jumped lightly down from the chair and joined another group of workers at tbe other end of *ho church. Arthur turned and looked of tor her rather dolefully, and Milly's eyes flashed. # * * ' * * ? * Ah, Heaven 1 bow well I remember that Christmas evel How joyously it be^au! How gay we were! I know I can say for myself that never since have I laughed with »uch fresh-heurted joy as I did that night- There was little ceremony, no elaborate toilettes;, we all knew each other, and. the female element considerably pre ponderated ; but the dancing was no lets delightful, the smiles po less radiant, the enjoyment no less intense. In the early part of the evening perhaps there might have been a little jealous; regarding the attentions of Arthur Power; but he «osn Bbowed such evident prefer ence for Irena Dapont, that the rest retired from the contest. 'It was do obc Millicent Power looking celd and haughty. Arthur cared not. He saw only those sweet dark eyes of her cousin, heard only that rich merry laugh, cared only to wind hie arm round that pliant WJiEt. Even in the games which relieved the dance, Arthur contrived always to be Bear Irena ; and though now and then be paid attention to his cousin Milly, even she saw tbat It was because ho felt it to be a duty rattier ?ban because he wished to do no. «. . , I thought I knew Millioent power well ; I thought I understood ber reserved character ; but tbat night she puzzled me. fibe was too lady-like to show temper or -eveji jealousy at Arthur's sadden desertion, but now and then she glanced n-. th:t part of the room where he was with such wild pained eyes,' now passionately angry, now sorrowful, tbat even I wondered she could go betray herself W bim. Still she- did nofkeep herself awe; from the rest; she joined in all the dances and fames, and talked and auchoa as excitedly as any of us. More so almost; and I recolleot it was Millicentfs voice, which m the first to accept the challenge whioh led to so much sorrow. \- Our party was too. large to be accommodated, even at the large school table, all at the same time, so we younger ones bad taken our supper first and then re tnrned to the dancing- room,' leaving Mrs. Morris to entertain the elders; and so it happened that we had no wise friend near to prevent the commencement of as foolish a freak as ever wild yomur creatures planned. How it was that the subject of ghosts was started I know not; but I remember that, instead of returning to our games, we stood grouped together listening to a wild story Arthur Power was telling; and though oil laughed and declared their disbelief in it, there were few voices that responded to hiB challenge at the con clusion. ' I would wager this,' and he held up a small gold locket, 'that not one person here would venture now to cross the churchyard alone, enter the church, and pass through and bring me a piooe of the cypress waving over tbe broken tomb on the other side.' ' What, make tbe tour of the churchyard in this weather! No, thanx you,' said one sensibly. . '*O, you may put on goloshes and a warm cloak. Hal ha! I nee, ladies and gentlemen, it is the white feather, not the weather.' « I should not be afraid,' exclaimed Millicent. ' I will go.' ' And co will I,' I exclaimed. « And so will V said Irene. No sooner aaid than dono. Upstairs we three adventnrons ones crept to dom our ?leaks; and tkeo, cautiously opening tbe fronWeor (far we knew if Mrs. Morris heard aught of smoh a pro ceeding she would quickly stop it), not five minutes later, I, with the key of the church in my band, started at a quick pace. It was agreed that ten minutes after I had started, Millicent should follow, and at an equal period after Irena was to come; for, argued Arthur, the elders would probably have finished supper soon ; and It would not be cafe to wait for the return of each before the other started. Ah, hew well I remember that mad midnight walkJ I had not reached tee gate of the churchyard, close sb it was, before I repented of 'my folly. However I want in. I was not of a timid nature; and that walk across tUe churchyard wbb not in the least fearfnl to me. The silence ef tbe decorated church, about which I had beard legends enough to terrify any one, affected. me more ; and I confess, as the door grated slowly on its hinges, I felt sorely tempted to flee. | I did walk very quickly »lobg the aisle; and it wb. ? «ttb a gasp of, intense relief^that I (topped ontfato ? the open! air: again-thrpugh.lhe little onanceMoor, ) dosejto which stood the :broken-tomb and its dark cv ,{-cbib; ?- ? . ,? t _;. ? _ . . *, , My baud teembjedso, ifcata could «e»roelF find Mf ,boagh; and then I.fslrly ran along the«idfrpaft .which led to *be other gate opening Into tine Qfa .garden of Mount,. — — — . ' * ' ' Sy *§*; Oportfi, 39n have only been a .quarter of jm nonr1». claimed Arthur Power. -I wonder low i fast Milly will run. You look rather white, tboHen, I Miss Montem.' . . ;—' i I answered rather crossly, u It was a foolish thing ' to dp.' . 'Did.you meet tbp ghost?' ' 'N^ver mind whom 'I met; there is tbe cypress boufib.' Arthur shrugged his shoulders and turned away, still watch in hand. '.Twenty minutes ; no, twenty-five minutes. Mill; must be having quite a gosBip with the ghost,' be said presently, not quite so pleasantly though. ' Twenty-seven— ah, there T«he In I'* : Ten, there was Milly, ghastly white and shivering. Arthur approached her almost anxiously ;? and though he made some joking remark about uer having met a legion of ghosts, I observed tbat he took her hand, and then muttered something {d a low toae, which, however, only turned Milly's shivering into a convulsive shudder. -?? ' Give ber something hot to drink,' I exclaimed from my corner, where I was also still damp and shivering. And then Hilly lifted up ber eyea with a look. Heaven, bow that look haunted mo afterwards! ' I wish to goodness Irena would come now, before Mrs. Morris retnrns,' said some one. ' She will be so angry »bout this ;' and then Arthur Power looked at his watch again, but this time said nothing. A silence fell upon us all ; not a word was spoken ; do one mnved «veu ; everyone listened — listened for that light step which should announce the approach for which somehow we all so longed. The clock struck one ; and again Arthur looked at his watch, and then again tbat silence continued unbroken: and there, motionless, we all remained waiting for her - for her who was never tofiome total . '*, No use our listening ; no me watching those slow moving hands of tbe great clock — never, never more were we to hear the fall of those quick light feet. Time might come and time might go, but Irena Dupont would not return »ith it. O, that miserable night ! how the memory of it has haunted me ! Those sad, horror-stricken faces, which not two hours ago had been so happy ; the frightened #hispering ; the coming to and fro of anxious searchers waving their lurid torchlight ; tbe sobs, the tears, the wild -hopes, and at length' the blank despair — bowl remember it all. at some dreadful confusion, which, strive as I would, I could not comprehend. A myetery indeed had fallen upon us that Christmas nigbt— a mystery which none could solve. All we knew was that Irena Dapont had gone out fresh and living into the darkness, and that she never came back. The path from the bouse to the church was direct enough— it was perfeotly safe ; tb«re were no bad cha racters about; so far as our human ken could reach it, all of ns could declare to its perfect safety ; and evi dence of any struggle or accident there was none. Search was not spared ; and for weeks every means of discovering what had become of the lost girl was freely tried. Bat that solemn Christmas night refused to give up its secret ; and tbe mystery of the beautiful girl's fate remained still darkly hidden. But, in spite ot those great sorrows which come to disturb the current of life, commonplace daily realities must be thought of and faced. I had learnt that lesson in tho year of hard struggling I went through on quit ting Mrs. Morris's pleasant roof to toke the place of junior teocher in another school ; and yet I confess I felt altnoBt horrified at the contents of a letter I re coived one morning from my old friend, MUEcent Power. She was going to he married to Arthur, she wrote nnd she hoped I would come and act as bridesmaid. What I bad she forgotten so soon that horrible Ohrist niaB story ? I thought. With ber usual forethought, she had enclosed a bank-note for my travelling expenses, end she nude her request in terms which a lonely orphan like myself was not likely to resist. Her aunt was dead, leaving Millioent sole heiress to ber property ; but Milly told me sue could not endure the solitude of the old place, and still lived with Mrs. Morns, trom wnose bonne sne was to be married. I was to go to ber there, and I should find more than one familiar face to welcome me. It is only thoae whn are homeless who can sympathise with me in tlifi intense affection 1 1)6re to that dear old House an') its occupants, nnd tbe eagerness with, which, in spite of my weariness, I leaned forward in the vehicle to catch the first ,glimpse of the tall ivy-covered chim neys. ' . ? I thought the entrance of the coach would bo heard at Mount— ? , and I quite expected teseeMilly'e fair free at the garden gate waiting for me. Thore was one figure standing there between the rose bushes; but 'it was Mrs. Morris's, not Milliceut's. ' No, my ccar, I would not allow Milly out so Into, though the evening is warm,' eke answered, after the first embraces were ever. ' Her health is very delicate, and I -ent ber to bed.' ?'. Though Mrs. Morris spoke drily, and almost indiffer ently,'! could. detect anxiety in her eyes, aud I knew that before long I should hear something of the reason, for I was a favourite of hers, and she hadalways treated me as a friend rather than a oupil. A I found that 1 was to sup in private with my former instructress; and I was scarcely surprised when, as soon as the first hospitable cares were over, Bhe began ab ruptly, ' Do you know, Dora, I am very uneasy about Milly ? ,1 am not at all enre that this marriage ought to take place.' I started. ' I mean, of course, on account of her health. Ever since that night when— when— you remember — Milly has been altering in a manner that perhaps others may not have observed, irat -which I have. There is a family malady heraditary to tbe Powers, you probably know—' ' Consumption ! Ah, I have heard that.' 'I wish it were only that,' sternly replied Mrs. Morris, as if' forcing herself to utter the words ?* It ii something more awful — insanity. Milly'B nerves never seem to nave recovered the shock of that dreadful night.' I web literaily too horrified to say a word, and I knew scarcely whether to be glad or not when Mrs. Morris suddenly rose and proposed going to Millicent. I was accustomed to aer abrupt ways. Still, when ?he paused at Milly's door, and said in a sharp whisper, ' There ia a week still to the wdding— we must loth watch and do our duly, Dora'— I shrank back in alarm. And though that first interview relieved my mind, I had not been twenty-four hours constantly in Milly'fl company before I saw that Mrs. Morris's observations wore correct. Milly was altered. She would suddenly break off in the middle of a sentence, even about Arthur, and fall into a stony kind of quietude, which wa» too strange to be the result of mere weakness. Sometimes, too, she was restless, and the anxiety for her wedding day to arrive was incomprehensible ana almost painful. . . . ... She could not endure solitude, either; and if by any chanoe she awoke from one of ber frequent doiings and found herself alone, she would ring .her bell with & fory which more than once broke tbe wire. Still, she never permitted anyone -to sleep in her room at night; and I was quite surprised when, the day before the. wedding, she asked me if I would, mind sleeping on tbo sofa at thofoetof berbed. . Ah, that Sunday night was to be another of those which terror scorched into my memory. ? It was ah exceedingly hot night. The room was & large one, on the grennd floor, and tbe open window, looked into the garden. I could not sleep. Milly, too, tossed restlessly from vide to side. And, though she slept, moaned piteously. Time seemed as if it would never move on, and hours seemed to elapse between the striking of each quarter. ,1 suppose, however, J must have dozed, for suddenly I started up with ibe impres sion that come one had passed by me, and tastily look ing towards MUlicentte bed, Isaw tbat it was empty! Why, instead ot rushing to tbe doer, I flung on & cloak, and, barefooted as I -was, darted through' £be French window into £he garden, I know not — it rnpst nave been some fate that guided me, for there, «UWy, visible passing through the little gate into the church yard, was a whi:e figure. I flew elon*, but 'MHlibmt went faster than I, ana with a strength and steaaimesB she never displayed in the day. On she went— up the little aide-paths, never pausing, but going on swiftly, steadily, towards the chancel-door. Surely now *he most pause, unless by some chanoe the preparations for the marriage had caused the door to be loft unlocked. I Bbepaasedinf 'An, now I flew thesat2ipsg& why, otcept fearing aomfl bomMecatastrophe, I know not; and at length a aecend tare _ I stood within that andent church in tbedaad of . BvenasTenrered. aiow piteous moan directed ate to where I should follow toy unfortunate -friend } asoV ther»_ in- one of the side-aUles, I smw that white ngur* kneetag and moaning and braising' her soft finger, ajainst the hard stone. - - .;'i?¥»f^fa«-''iti»*h«»eJ' abe mattered. - 1 lifted it then so easily, it most come no again. Dont shriek eo, Irena— O, O, dant shriek top And then, lifting up her white cgonised face, st* desisted from her awful scratching at tbe stone, and put her bands to her ears, as if te shut ont som» dismal sounds. ..'?.. \- I stood transfixed with Jhjonor, not daring to ap proach, for I saw ' that though she had her eye* opeo she waa asleep; bnt at that moment the «*M»»ft-mmt slammed. With anawfnl cry the sleeper started urn, gated wildly round, and then I saw her faU Brow on the stone floor, the life-blood flowing from bo lips. There was no wedding the next day in that efturch. Milliooht Power lay gasping away her lit*, and mur- nxiringonly two words, ?* God forgive i God forgive^ But there was a horrified group standine round thai stone and watching lor tbe return of tbe explorer el the vault -which was under that crscked pavement. There was no need to make much inquiry as to whos* remains those were which then were brought to ths- light of day— the long dark hair, a small ring, told all that was necessary to be told— Irena Dupont ni found again f Bat beyond those words which in ber miserable sleep Millioent Power uttered, no light was sbed en the mjstery which enveloped ber fate. I, who knew all that had passed, and had Been the wild agony of bet face as she knelt and tore at tbe stones, felt that, unless insanity could be alleged in her exouee, Milli oent Power's soul was loaded -with an awful crime ; ano- as I remembered how she had been walking ia tna» aisle when she left me, and returned uttering tfca* exclamation which was never finished, I joined fervently in that dying prayer of hers, ' God forgive.' That stone was broken in such a way that a chance glance would more l'keiy have noticed that it could ba raised easily than one accustomed to pass it day by day. Probably she had raised it and discovered the vsutt, and leaving it open bad forgotten it until that mas- midnight visit. I lwd passed through tbe centre aUle, but Irena might easily have taken tbe tide one, and— but enough of this— it is too dreadf nl.and— God forgiv* as alll We were all huddled together as Miss Montem'i voice .dropped; and if there ftas a word murmured, we were silenced by the sound of steps. Itwastbeboyi Doming to let us out. That mischievous Katie Bet Bard had arranged with them that they should not keep us more than about an hour. 