beeohworth in depen dent church. ANNUAL TEA MEETING. Tho tea meeting in connection- with tho anniversary sorvieos of the above church was held at tho Odd Follows' Hall, Boccbworth, on Tuesday ovoning, and was fttt almost unprecedented sne- cess in overy way. The hall, which has just undergone some all orations, with a view to tho improvement of its acoustic properties, looks larger nnd moro airy than it did before, tho hoavy arch way, which hung liko a dead weight over tho prosoouium", having been en tirely removed, and the ceiling to tho back of the stago being made flush with that'' of the body of tho hall. -7 The' improvement, both in appearanco and sound, is very agreeable. Tho slngo was vory liaudsomoly decorated1 with' evergreens and flowers, and presented a vory gay appearanco when tho ladios composing tho clioir took their, seats. . Tho toa tables were nicely laid, and elegantly presided ovor by tho ladies who undertook that congonial task, some 250 persons boiug seated at one time. The real- business of tho evening, ltow- evor,oentred in tho "spoeching" nnd sing ing, aud, to nso a homely but oxprossivo phrase, the latter had all the best of it. For whilo tho former was not only of Ihe usual stereotyped cha'raoter,v usual ,imd apparently deemed nocossary on such occasions, and perhaps oyon :a little less sparkling than .usiial, the music made up for all deficiencies. The spoechiug was indeed somewhat enli'vonoJ by a courageous but perfectly polito and legi timate attack by the Rev. M. Dyson on a leading article in that ; morning's . Ovens ami Murray Advertiser, on " Sunday aud Sabbath," which hadevidently altered the intendod current .' of ' that . -gentleman's eloquence, if it, did not entirely turn his head., The audience may, however, thank: i tho writer of- the artichJ, for that happy diversion, as, it gave them a vigorous orti: ticiu instead, of, most probably, a mild and.ttnimpassioned address. Perhaps it would lend new life;to sncli proceedings if oh the eve of each gathering we, at-, tacked the speakers all, round,, But, as we have said, the music was of so high a class aud so, faithfully and brilliantly executed iis to make cavilling uf any kind invidious, if uot ill-natured: The per formers, who numbered in all about 30, were- made up of the choir of the church itself nnd volunteers from.tho choirs of nearly all the other churches, and they in turn ivere ably! assisted by Mrs Flower, who played the harmonium with her usual skill and taste, .by Messrs' Hartmann, McGonecliy, , and other instrumentalists, 'With: the exception , of one slight hesitation in the rendering by the choir of. " And tho Glory of tho" Lord," which "the excellent leader, Mr; James Cunningham, got tliem over so skiif ully that it was scarcely-perceptible, there was not a single hitch in the performance. Tho duct— which,. by the way.'is a local composilion- — " Benutifnl Land," by Mrs'Kdye and Miss Higgins, was executed in a manner that wo daro to Bay has been seldom surpassed by ttma-, tours, and in a style to which many pro: fcssionnls do not aspire. Both ladies are _ naturally gifted ' with charming voices, evidently well eultivated.' In the trio,' ' "Disdainful of Danger,", in which they were weli supported- by Mr Henry Jarvis,' they; were equally happy and suecessful; Expectation was perhaps at: its highest pitch with regard to the grand and diffi- cult.solo, the burden, of wh'oh was. cast upon Miss Waite, "I Know that my Redeemer Liveth."/ Onerous us the task was. which had been imposed upon this young, lady, she .worthily fulfilled it; it being, observable that her upper notes, without- having lost any of Ihoir puwor, have softened and toned -down in a marked degree. Of tho concerted piscos theVgem of tho ovening was " To Thee, Oh Lord," 'from Rossini's " Mose in Egitto," nn air which has been rondcrod doubly immortal by Thalberg's woudetful interpretation,.- The solo pas tnges . were taken in succession by Mr Jarvis, Mr Cun ningham, and Mrs Kny, whoso treatment of tho music was admirably supported by tho choir, tho audience evincing unequi vocal signs of admiration aud surprise. And now, in concluding thoso prelimi- naiy remarks, we may say that in what ever terms of praise we havo spoken of the music, lliero may bo — as tho Rev. R. K. Ewing put it — " compliment," but there is cerlaiuty uo " flattory and in speak ing of it as we have done, we coul'oss to a selfish motivo, innsmuch ns wo doubt whether tho pevfo: mors Lhemsolves are entirely aware of their oxcollenco, and. wo would heartily euconrago them, so that wo may have tho pleasure of hearing them again. ' There were fully 400 per sons presont at the moetiug,. The Rov. T. Lavor occupied tho chair, and tho proceedings were opened by n prayor from the Rov. E. Thomas. The CHAIRMAN, a clergy man of the Independent Church, Boechworlb, ex pressed his pleasure at seeing so largo an audience present on this occasion, and said ho mu9t endeavour as far as ho could in his prosout position, to tear in mind tho advice ns to a model chairman, -not to Bay nnything beyond what was absolutely essentinl. He must remnrk, howovor, that ho had hero two evangelical alliancos; ono of his reverend brethrou of so many denominnl ions, tho other of tho choir com posed of those of tho various churobos. And if it were true that music was really tho language of roligiou and of love, if it hold tho socrot of' rbnl and abounding .joy, it sootued to liitn that it was a good thing to see the choirs of tbo various churches join logethor on occasions of this kind. Ho, therefore, rojoicod to Beo around him tho representatives of tho various churobos in tho town. Ho did not think thnt muoh spooking was ttppvoprialo on such occasions, bnt ho wished to enter his protest against tteso galhoiings' being regnrdod nlto- gothor ns tnero musicnl ontortainmonts. Mnsio was tho bloom, tho frngrnuco, the heanly of toligions lifo, but everything in tho shape of religion must havo principle and truth bohind it. They might gnzo upon and ndmiro tho beauty ''Tiif an Apollo, but they must not forgot "There was a skeloton within. Tho choir thon sang "And tho Glory . of tho Lord," (Messiah.) Tho Rov. M. DYSON, miuislor of tho Wesloynn Church, Beochwortli, next ad dressed the meeting, aud said it had boon his intention to oxpvcss a fow words ou tho subjee'. of a Children's Church, and if ho did so, no doubt many parents hearlii would bo ploasod and dolightod, T- . — Ho would, . howovor, depart- from lii- original, .intention. But first ho wonl.l express his' joy to seo such n gathering, nnd it afforded him ploasnro to meet tboir pastor on a common platform whoro so many ovangolical churches wore represenlod, ns well ns to address a meeting which, comprised every branch of tbo evangelical Christian' Ohnroh. If would bo within tho memory of somo of thoso prosont when such n gathering would bo Bcarcely onjoyablo, and ' it seemed to bo a sign, of. tho times— it, sign that nil the churchos loyal to. the bible were coming nenror and nearer to. oacli other. It was a matter also fur them to 'tako caro thnt such gnthefings sliould not ovapprato in mero: amusements ; for tbey were all born with an iunate lovo of plea sure, nnd whilo they could not . 'afford to 'dispense altogether with, thnt, if they allowed's'neh' meetings to do'goueriitb (so to speak) into moro. amuEement, the whole" object would bo .lost, perhaps for oyer. He would be porhnps pardoned for alluding to the '.particular matter. which had iucluced hiin to nltor his original intention as to. tho subject on. which ho would addross them.' He had road a certain lending article thnt morning on tho subjoct of the Sabbath. Twouty yoars ago ho had . made a solemn vow that whotiever tho necessity afoso lie would to tho utmost ' of his pawei', by tonguo and ;by peri, stand hp in 'defence of tho Christian Sabbath. (Applnuso.) He wished that for this purpose his powers were grentor if not his oppprlu- tiilies. Still, his attention had been called that very "day to a newspapor ni'ticlo on tho Sabbath. Now, ho put it to thom whether any law in their nation, had ovor boepmo obsoloto unless it were . abrogated, and, wore they to destroy I bo law aud. the prophets ? For Ho defied any ono to find liiui a single hint in tho teaching, of Jesus in tho,- direction of annulling the fourth commandment; It was altogether absurd to pay that the Sabbath was rnado for mauls amuse ment, for tho mere pursuit of animal pleasure, or tho improvement of man's health. To say that, was to trifle wiili tho whole principles of their religion. (Hear, hear.) The man would be buhl, abd tho colony would ho hold, aud tho nation woiihl bo bold, aud tho newspapor is hold which' titko3 upon itself the responsibility as well as the authority of annulling tbat law and that Sabbath. (Great applauso.) Ho was glad, to have an opportunity of addressing so largo an ftttdioneo on this subject, and ha urged them at all hazards ' to stand by their Sabbath. (Applauso). ' And although they must study tho amusement; the health, and tho prosperity of tho people of this now. country lot thorn 1 not so far degrado Ihemselvos as to throw away their hold, upon the day of. rest, nor deprivo their childrcu. of that blessing. He knew -thoy could not observe tho Sabbath as the Jews did their sevoutb day, yet it was right to sot aside a seventh of their time for rest of mind aud body,; and if they did not do that on the Lord's Day they must do so on the Saturday, and if not on that day then tho Monday. Let them thon stand by tho precepts arid tho law of Jesus, and adhoro to the principles of tboir ancestors, and remember to up hold tho Sabbnth Day. (Groat applause.) , Mrs Kay, Miss Higgins, and Mr Jarvis then sang "Benutifnl Land," assisted by the ohoir. .. The Rev. Canon HOWARD said. that when he was invited to be present on that occnsion together with his brother ministers of the evangelical churches in town he agreed to do so with great plea sure, as lie believed that stioli gatherings were beneficial. But ho had not been quite prepared to answer nt once on what subject he intended to 'address the meet ing. ' lie thought that at the time some what restrictive, but after some consilium-" tion he fixed on tho following question as histhomo : — "Who are iu-Heaveu ?" He wns not so sure that this was as hard to reply to as it might seem. The answer was to he gathered from tho volume of the sacred law, nnd from no other book or no other law. That book which they u.11 "professed, to reverence contained tho following words : — " Whom Ho justified, them He also glorified." -Glory is a golden word, tho' debased in the coinage of human speech ; it had came to moan the glitter of war's helmet and the noise of the crowd's hurrah. Smollett called it; " Tho fair child of peril." Johusou wrofe, " Glory, the casual gift of thought less crowds. Gloty, the bride of avari cious virtuo." But tho glory ho had to speak of wns a far higher glory. As high ns tho heaven is nbovo the earth, so was God's glory above all the poor stuff that mortals dignify with that fair name. Before thoy could answer the quosiion proposed they must consider tho stato of disembodied spirits— not of disembodied spirits liko that of Mr Bravo, who a cor- tain Dr Slade impudently professes to have secured the sole right to for his own lectures, and who, according to DrSlado, speaks thus : — "I did it myself, and will tell my dear wife all about it if she will hut come here ; when I tell her how I got tho poison she may toll it again if she wishes, but I must tell her first. . Pray act ou this, my pet, and relievo a troubled spirit." Well, it is not of such disem bodied spirits that ho had to speak, but of those disembodied spirits that nre oven now onjoying glory, though riot yet the glory of tho resurrection, w,lion they shall reooivo " that eternal weight of glory thon thoy shall be " for over with the Lord." The unpardoned spirit cannot die, as somo believe, when tho body dies ; if it did so die whero will the ghosts come from. The pardoned spirit will not die with' the body, again to be re-created at the Inst day; or how did Moses and Elijah appear nt the Transfiguration, or libw could Christ havo said to the dying tbief, "This day thou shalt bo with me in Pnradiso." Paradise is not a place of purgation, preparatory to an ontranco into glory. Thoy had no belief in limbo, but wore tnugbt to believe in Pnradiso— Abraham's bosom— and in a Paradise of sinlossnoss, of freodom from evil. He be lieved the disembodied spirits of the j usti- iied rest. But Paradise is not Heaven, and thoso souls in Paradise aro not in Heaven. " Touch mo not, for -as yot I have not ascended to my Father which is iti Hcnvon." Thero are no spirits of men in Heaven yot. But hereafter we are to bo for ovor \vith the Lord. Then tho prayer will bo accomplished, when he said, " Father, I will that thoy also whom Thou hast given mo bo with me i whoro I am, that they may;,bohold my .(glory." None from this earth exocpt Christ were yot in Heaven. Who then will be in Heaven ? -No. Presby terians, no WeBleyntis; no, Independents, no Church of England people. Then who would be there ? : Why,' Christians. All Christians would be in Heaven. (Applause.), ' All thoso belonging to the Various churches observing the- same- law and obeying' the same Master': would be saved.1; ; The Rev. M. W.-BRADNEY, Iudo- pendont minister, wlio was very warmly received, said ho had 'spent some of the happiest years' of his life amongst tho pooplo of this district, many of whom hp was' happy to seo present ou that occasion. Most of them know it was not his way lo bo sentimental, but thoy would believe him when bo said- ho felt dooply the manner in which ho had boen received, and the warm. manner in which ' he rind Lis coritinned to bo remembered in Beochworth. Many changes liad taken .. place., duriug tho- years of bis absence ; amongst the first being th'o alteration in the modo of conveyance (hoar, hear,) an alteration which he appreciated highly, as in nil his former journeys the coach ; had invariably met with an accident. But on all theso occasions bo escnpod. That re minded liim of an old lady, ho onco know who had a husband who used to got drunk,, arid occasionally boat her.. She prayed to tho Lord for a shield, and the next lime her husband proceeded to beat her she said, " You cannot, striko me, tho Lord has provided mo with a shield." And his up-lifted hand foil. Ho fancied that God had been his shield to preserve him through so many accidonts, and ho svas very thankful for it. The speaker then referrod to the improvements iri the lown, the tree planting, &c.;, nnd after telling several nnecdotes, settled down to dclivor ri dissertation' on tbo efficacy of prayer, .'which- was most attentively listened to. ' 'Miss Wailo followed wilh " I know that my Redeomor'livoth." ; The Rev. E. THOMAS, Independent Minister, El Dorado, said that such assemblages, nnd he lutd nttendod several, gave him the improssion that there was something in a tea meeting which poople did not find in a, Christian Church., No doubt these meetings had their advantages for, in addition to thero being tho means of collecting vory considerable sums of money for religious arid chnritablo pur poses, thoy tonded to benefit the social element. Thoy wero perhaps too much inclined to give that elouiont an uuduo preponderance, but still it wns very fully developed in tho original church, as might bo proved by the words of Christ Hjmself uttered on such occasions. ..In deed, Ho ntlonded a social gathering early iri his career, and performed' a miracle there tending to promote the joy and cheerfulness" of tho guests. Thora was nothing- which a manly man might do which was not equally permissible to tho Christian. But lot them bo on their giijrd against being in the power of this Element; and thu3 open, tho door too wide. Such assemblages would thus be benoficial, both pecuniarly and socially. ' Tho Rev. R. k. EWING, Presbyterian minister, Beochwortli, said bo had experienced great difficulty as to the choice of a subject, but his friend, Mr Liiver,. had just put somolhing into his hand which gave him tho cue. He was nsked to propose a voto of thanks to the ladies who had provided the tea, aud to th'o ladies - aud gentlomori, both to those who belonged to tbo Independent clioir, and those who did not,' for tbo musical treat just afforded to them all. Ho then dilated upon the excellence of tlie tea and tho great superiority of the niusic, complimenting Mr Oanningham specially on his abla leadership. Ho also adverted to the powor and the influence of music, nnd hoped . that so largo a number of porsons having been mndo nwnre thoy , had sueli exeollont musical material amongst them, they would nt once sot nbout getting up a Beochworth Philnrmonic Society. Ho then proposed tho vote of thanks as already aunounced, which was carried by acclamation. . After the usual vole of thanks to the chairman aud speakers, tho choir sang n' soloction " from Rosini's 'Mose in Egitto," nnd tho moating broke up. 