A v American humorist bas said, " When a man wishes to start in life as a knave, he Ład better examine himself carefully firsć and see if nature has not better qualified him for a fool." So we may say that when a paper starts as a public instructor, it had better be sure that it needs not instruction. Some days since we ended a modest dissertation ou trade principles by challenging free-trade advocates to name a country which had risen to eminence under other than protectionist principles. "We have been—we cannot say answered—but met by the Maryborough Advertiser, the editor of which, after a Dando-like bolting of raw histories, gushes with said histories in a curiously inverted manner, and one that reminds us strongly of a billious attack, when the unhappy patient sees everything through the yellow, distorted spectacles which his disease has pulled over his eyes. The 'Tiser claims as brilliant examples of the success of free-trade policy, Attica, England, Holland, The United States, Tuscany and Switzerland. The selection, to say the least of it, is injudicious, and like the ancient man of cbivalric history, who showed the contending knights that there were two sides to the shield, about whose composition they differed, we purpose to endeavour to show that the vaulting ambition of our contemporary has overleaped itself and he has really cited striking instances of the benefit of a protective policy, at lea-t in some of those cases which he so proudly quotes. Athenian policy, whether free-trade or protective, matters not much as an example, as commerce, with her, could scarcely be said to be established, and the operations of trade were in their infancy; but if we turn to the neighboring state of Laconia, where protection was enforced with its utmost rigor, we find, that although not steeped in luxurious vice as was Attica, its people were contented and happy, self-contained and brave. Producing sufficient for their own wants, these happy Spartan protectionists defended their country and kept her from the touch of foreign foe when Athens was in flames and Attica a desolation, They maintained their own form of Government when Attica was ravaged by revolution ; and Laconia'e sons have left a uame proverbial for simplicity, courage, and unflinching devotion to their country. "England is the next example quoted bv this free and easy inverter of facts, and says he, " The staple industries of England, and notably her woollen and iron trade grew up under the fostering influences of free trade.'' We presume that these fostering influences included the sumptuary laws that enforced the wearing of English woollens, and limited foreign silks to people of rank and wealth. Xo industry has been so protected as the English woollens, to promote which the Irish linens were sacrificed, and when the familiar title of the Vice Chancellor of England is taken from the trade and is itself a symbol, the example seems somewhat inapt. Free-trade in iron quotha! when Milan hauberks and Toledo blades® nearly ruined the smiths of Eugland, and vigorous measures were resorted to restrict the use of these articles de luxe by confining their use to the upper classes. On the contrary, free-trade in iron has brought the iron manufacture of England to a very low ebb. The race to compete with foreign productions, has so impaired the quality of British work that America exports tools by the ship-load into Eugland, the railroad market is choked with Belgian rails, and all England cannot turn out a steel Krupp's gun, while Krupp himself keeps about 3000 workmen destroying England's prestige. England was steered triumphantly tnrough the struggle with Napoleon by a protective Ministry, and under the blighting influence of Gladstone's free trade sunk almost to the position of a third-class power. Holland is perhaps the most extraordinary citation of the lot. This country, the greatest monopolist that the world has seen, the gigantic spice monopolist which has carried protection ss far as prohibition, is claimed as a free-trader because she exports corn to England! "What next "said the frog when his tail fell off, and it is certain that the free-trade tail which the Advertiser tries to fasten to Holland can never stick. With respect to America, facts speak louder than words, so we may only remark that at the close of the late war, the United States were burdened with a national debt nearly equal to that of England, and by the disbanding of the army an immense number of unemployed .were thrown upon the country- A- protective policy in its entirely was adopted, and now American hardware floods England, her cottons rival Manchester, her debt is nearly extinguished, and the surplus population has been absorbed into civil pursuits withoufcanapparentefEort, or even an increase in the statistics of crime. •' ""•*-•' T-. ••'•'•' . .-v".-:-• ~ With Tuscany and fiwitzeriand, neither of whom. Wre any export or import trade frorthy of mention, we have nothing . to do. Their example whatever it may he. is of toojiffle con- ' *•- — idering a matter of such vast importance as the policy of great political a k c aggregations. America has emphatically pronounced in favor of protection for native industries. Australia has endorsed her verdict and the beneficial result in almost every branch of industry we see around us daily. Even the advocates of free-trade wax jubilant day after day at new developments of native industry, fostered into life by judicious nursing when young; and the benefits of protection shine all more dazzlingly when it is attacked by such injudicious partisans as the source of the article we have just noticed. Sweethearts, Husbands, and Wives was the subject of a Lecture delivered by Professor Weed, in the Temperance Hall last night. Although the attendance was somewhat small, those present seemed highly entertained. The supposed perpetrators of the Wawn ponds outrage, were brought before the Geelong Police Court yesterday. The court was crowded. The court adjourned to the Hospital, where the old man Lilley's evidence was taken. The case was not concluded, and will probably be resumed to-day. The line of defence taken is that the parties were all drunk and Lilley's wounds were'accidentally inflicted. By a telegram received yesterday in Kyneton, informationwas received that Mr M'll wraith, ofthe ColonialBank here, who was on a visit to friends at Gisborne, had been bitten by a venomous snake. Remedies were promptly applied, Professor Halford's remedy of the injection of ammonia being resorted to, and at the time of the despatch of the telegram, Mr M'llwraith was progressing favorably. Ko further particulars are at present known, but will be looked for with some curiosity. To find a snake active at this early season of the year is an uncommon occurrence, and can only be ascribed to the unusually warm weather that has been experienced lately. The adjourned meeting of the Kyneton Shire Council, which was to be held on Saturday last, was further adjourned till next Saturday, in consequence of a quorum of the councillors not putting in an appearance until too late. The funeral of the late Mr James Conway, sometimesincetheElectoral Registrar of the district, took place on Sunday afternoon last. The body of the deceased gentleman was followed to the grave by a large number of his friends, and the melancholy cortege formed quite an imposing spectacle. The ivewliain Shire Council will not meet until Saturday, October 7th, as this week closes the financial year. The ordinary monthly entertainment will be given in St. Andrew's Church, on the evening of Thursday next, 28th September, beginning at a quarter to eight, and consisting of a lecture on Victoria and the Victorians, by Mr Robert Gregory, varied with selections of mnsic, of the usual interesting character. A collection will be taken for the Home Mission Fund of the church in "Victoria. By telegrams from Europe to the Argus, dated the 8th inst., we learn that the Victorian Rifle Team had arrived in America. At a friendly practice match between the competing parties, the Irish recorded a victory, making one point better than the Australians. The Americans and Scotch were far behind. Apropos of rifle shooting Mrs Scott-Siddons, who is a crack shot with the Martini Henry, intends to compete at the forthcoming meeting of the Victoria Rifle Association, of which she is a member. The struggle between natural gallantry and pride of skill will be somewhat severe. We have received from the publisher, Mr Macka y, of Collins-street West, Melbourne, the first copy of an new evangelistic publication entitled " Words of Grace." The object of the magazine is best indicated by the following extract from the Editor, Mr W. Corrie Johnston's prefatory remarks. " In writing and selecting papers " for the edifying of the body of Christ," anything attending to foster the idea of perfection in the flesh will be carefully avoided. It will give us pleasure, however, to show that the Christian lias been crucified, quickened, raised, seated together with Christ in the heavenlies, and his body made the temple of the Holy Ghost. Thus, though indwelling sin will ever be present in his mortal body, Christ dwelling in the heart by faith is a mightier presence, for ' If Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin ; but the Spirit is life because of righteousness.' ' Words of Grace' will, therefore, seek to help the feeblest to realise these truths, though, at the same time, Christians will be addressed as having neither necessity nor excuse for allowing sin in any form to have even a temporary dominion over them. Sin shall not have dominion over you, for ye are not under tho law, but under Grace. But now, having got your freedom from sin and having become bondsmen of God, ye have your frnit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life."—Rom. vi. The reading matter is well and pleasantly written, and includes some highly-interesting pages, while the printing and illustrations will compare favorably with any English publication of the same class. We wish the magazine the success that it well deserves. 