A Story of Christmas Eve-Told in a Giraron. Wa bad been decorating our little churoh for Christ- inas, sad had almost concluded our pleasant task; Our dear minister and two or three youn^ gentlemen friends had left, when it was suddenly announced by the mis- chievous Katie Bernard that we were locked in. " What shall we do !" she cried in pretended alarm " We are absolutely locked in ! Every door is firmly elosed, and I believe it is the doing of those dreadful boys, who have been trying to frighten UB out of our wits all the afternoon with their ghost-stories.' And Katie Bernard came laughing back to tbe sp^t where we were all standing, taking a last look at the effect of onr work and saying farewell words. -Katie was blessed with excellent nerves and a consti- tution that defied winter snows and summer heats, and I verily believe that »he could have curled herself up in one of the pews and slept the long night away as soundly as in her own bed in the parsonage. But there were other's (and I confess I was one of them) who began tn l find the glimmering of the white monuments and strange sculptured faces round about weird and a little ghostly. "The dusk is falling. This is certainly most annoy- ing," exclaimed Miss Montera, Ella Willis's governess, under whose charge wo all were. She turned a little pale as she spoke - a rare thing for her, for a more self- possessed person than that hand- some Mis« Montera I never, saw. " What.' are you, too, afraid of ghosts, Misa Montem?" laughed Katie. " These boys will be delighted, then, at the success of their trick." The governess turned almost scornfully. "I do not understand how one can fear that in which one does not believe,'' she said ; " but I confess I have a particular dislike to remain in a church after dusk ; it recalls to my mind the most painful story I ever heard." And then, turning hastily away, Miss Montera herself wont and examined every door, even tried the vestry window, Meanwhile tho twilight was momentarily deepening, and to my mind, at least, those half-wreathed pillars, those white faces peeping out from between the dark laurel, and those stone figures on the two ancient tombs began to look very eerie indeed. Wo grouped ourselves about the seats in the ohancel, and for a time talked and even laughed ; but somehow, first one voice grew silent and then another, and atlast the grim fleures in stone beside us were not morn ailnn-h than vre. j " Well, I must say this is a dismal way of (upending Ohristmas-eve," at length sighed Katie Bernard. " We ought to ho round the fire now, roasting chestnuts and telling stories." " Telling stories ! ah, what a good idea.' Why not amuse ourselves by that now?" exclaimed another voice. " Come, Ella, you have travelled ; tell us some of your adventures." "I? I nevor told a story in my lifo. No, ask Miss Montera; she has a gift for it." The governess had been sitting a littlo opart from us, closer to the tomba thtui we oared to go; but as Ella spoke she rained ber face, which she had been leaning on her hands, and even in the fading light I Baw that .she was deadly pale. a I could nob tell a story here," ehe murmured, " un- less-would you like to hear the ono of whioh I just now spoke? It is a terribly painful ono, an awful ono, but-" There was a universel interruption of " Never mind. Yes, yes. Tell us that, Miss Montera." "We all knew the strange power the usually silent governess possessed for story-telling. lb was the ouly time indeed she unbent or seemed like other human beings ; but when she did condescend to indulge us, she possessed a fascination which none of us could resist ; and we all knew that while listening to her we Bhould care very little for the cold or darkness. This was the story she told UB : At tho timo of my story I was only seventeen, and serving my first year as governess-pupil at Mrs. Morris' Behool near Parramatta. I No, Ella, you need not look pityingly at me, for I wai i very happy. Mrs. Morris treated me kindly and fairly andamongsb the girls I had f rienda whom I loved dearly Besides, Mount-, as the place was called, was con- ducted on toe home principle, and there wa« not one of us who regarded our existence whilst there but as in- tensely-satisfactory and enjoyable. You may imagine that Mrs. Morris could not have been a very rigid schoolmistress when I tell you that we even received the news that we should be obliged to spend Ohrisfemas-day under her roof with no greater regret than one natu ally feels when one fiuda the pleasure of seeing dear friends suddeuly deferred. That Ohristmas was the wettest I remember. .Roads were subject to <*onstant stop ages; and U happened that iu our part of the co intry a suiall river had been so swelled by the rain es to have laid the surrounding ways under water. So, what with one thing and anocber, Mount --lay separated from Parramatta with al- most as many difficulties to ho overcome as if a hemis- phere was between them. Moat of ns were Sydney girls, and the railway being unreachable, our fate was quickly settled. The only SCENE OF MISS DUPONT'S MYSTKBIOUS DJSAPPEABANCE. two who remained voluntary prisoners were Millicent Power and her cousin, Irena Dupont. Milly Power was the niece of a rioh lady, who, it was believed, intended to make her her heiress ; and her home lay bub a couple of miles from Mount-. Bub Christmas or any other " mass " WAS BO dull with her rich aunt, who passed her time nursing her cat, knitting, and physicking her various imaginary ail- ments, that both Milly and Irena no sooner heard that tlie rest of us would be forced to spend part of the holidays at school, than they begged Mrs. Morris to allow them to do the same. I think we were all glad that they did not desert us, though, perhaps, had-bub I must nob anticipate. They were our head girls, our leaders-Milly Power by right of ace aud rank. Irena Dupont by right of her daring spirit and rich beauty. Ah, heavens ! how heautiful that girl was ! I see her before me now, with her dark glowiug eyes, her oval face, the rich Australian blood mantliug her cheek with every emotion ; BO fresh ; so eager in her enjoyment of her young life and splendid health. , She was cousin to Millicent by the mother's side; bub, though daughters of two sisters, there was not a shadow of resemblance either in character or featuro between them. ¡ Millicent waa fair, cold, haughty, proud of her ancient family-a little proud, I sometimes thought, of having money always at her command, and being the heiress of her aunt. But /ought not to make her any reproach, for she was a kind friend to me, and it was thanks to Milly's purse that my poor wardrobe could boast any- thing beyond the very humblest attire. How it was that Irena Dupont lived also under the protection of her aunt I never rightly understood. She was not a penniless orphan, I knew, for she often al- luded to her father aud his stations in tho Bligh dis ! trieb ; but yet she appeared to be in a great measure depoudent on her aunt, and once or twice I noticed that she gave way to Millicent, proudly, but in a manner that betrayed she had a reason for so doing Were they fond of each other, these two cousins? Ah, thnt was a question which uone of us could satis- factorily answer then-not even I, who was Milly's bosom friend. They sang together sweetly, rode together; but never by any chaueo were they known to talk together beyond j runing in ordinary conversation, and never did I see j Irena give Milly one of those gushing kisses which Bhe t bestowed RO liberally and gracefully on those Bhe loved amongst; us. It wa» not, however, till the Christmas lam speaking of that I knew the great obstacle between them to be Milly's jealousy of her cousin's beauty, We wore sitting in the schoolroom after tea, as merry a party as could be, in spite of our imprisonment, when Mrs. Morris entered rather abruptly, and with not an altogether satisfied expression of countenance. 1 "Millicent, my dear, I want you in tho drawing room," she said, slowly shutting the door. "Your cousin, Arthur Power, has ridden over, perfectly despe- rate ab finding the old house only presided over by your aunt; and he declares that the place is so dull and the weather so wet that-he-really can't face it again to-night, and give him shelter I must. Most improper of him to come to a school for young ladies, I am sure." Millicent's fair face flushed, and a peculiar half-vexed smile curved her lips. " Just like Arthur he is so inconsiderate," Bhe ex- claimed, rising with her work in her hand, " He wanted to come down here, but I would nob allow that.' ''Or* course not," said Milly, walking rather hastily towards the door. " Ah, Irena, you may as well come too. I-" But Millicent turned almost abruptly, and with a sfc> ange for erfulness of tbe respect she usually paid Mrs. Morris, exclaimed, "What tor? Arthur is my cousin, not Irena'B. She does not know him even." Irena had risen, and was following, but at those words she dropped back into her corner by the fire, and a smile, half angry, half scornful, passed over her beautiful face. " True," she said quietly. Mrs. Morris looked a little puzzled, but even she sometimes gave way to Miss Power; and so, without further remark, she linked her arm in Milly's, and they left the schoolroom. We were not so discreet aa our governess, however; and no soorier had the door closed than there was a general exclamation against Millicent, for Ireua was the idol of the school ; and then the indignant girl for an instant seemed to forget the restraint she had always imposed on herself, and lifting up her flushed face, with its rich, angry flo wing eyes, she exclaimed : " Nonsense ! You forget Millicent is almost engaged to her ceusin lb waa natural she should wish to ste him alone.'' " Or natural, you mean, that she should not wish him to see you," exclaimed some one. But if that was villicent's wish, she was cruelly disappointed. Mrs. Morris, anxious to make up iu some measure for our disappointment, had invited the doc- tor's and lawyer's families, living in the town close hy, with the vicar's nieces, to come and celebrate Christmas Eve in the good old-fashioned manner ; and no sooner did Arthur hear of the <l party," than he invited himself to remain for it; and not all Mrs, Morris's hints at impropriety and inconvenience could induce the hand- some young fellow to dislodge himself. To the excellent lady's intense relief, Mr. Power was a late riser, and she contrived to despatch us all the next morning to the church which we were to assist in decorating before he made his appearance ; and I firmly believe, as she watched us all pats out of the garden gate, she thought Bhe had manoeuvred skilfully past all danger until at least the evening. Sobool-girls of seventeen and eighteen »re apt to talk a good deal on those subjects which good Mrs. Morris dreaded so ; but I don't think my mind was ever much given that way, and Arthm Power certainly never crossed my thoughts when once I found myself in the church, with wreaths, of native flower* and ever« greens, waiting to do justice to all the artistic taste we could muster among us. We were soon scattered ov»r the ohurch, and aB ueua Milly aud I worked together. She waB not in a talkative humour, « nd sr» we spoke | little except about the work ; aud when she suddenly left me, saying she must havo a little exercise to warm her, I scarcely missed her. Alas, that she ever took that ramble ! She was nob gone long, and wht»n she returned Bhe was out of breath " What flo you think, Dora, I have found," she began ; and then suddenly she paused and looked aharply round, for a man's laugh sounded from the chancel " That's Arthur } let us go and see," she exclaimed. And we did go, and what we saw was beautiful ? Irena mounted on a chair, twining a wreath round a cherub's bead ; and there beside her, gazing up and handing sprayB of shining green, stood Arthur Power. Two other girls were near, but it was Irena I Dupont on whom those handsome blue eyes were fixed so earnestly that even our approach was unnoticed. " So you have found na oat, Arthur, in spite of Mn. Morris," Milly exclaimed, with a smile on her Up», but O, such wildly angry eyes !.. He turned immediately and held out his hand. "Of coursa; j ou know I always manage for my* self." " So it seems, even your introductions." " As to that, Miss Dupont ia a kind of cousin, you know, and therefore an introduction was unnecessary; betides, I am making myself so decidedly useful, that even if I have offended against the convenances I ought to be forgiven." And so you shall be if you will mount aud fiaish this for me," interrupted Irena; and before even he cjuld reply, she hud jumped lightly down freru the chair and joined another group of workers at the other end of *he cburch. Arthur turned and looked after her rather dolefully, .and Milly's eyes flashed. * . " # * Ah, Heaven ! how well I remember that Christmas eve ! How joyously it began ! How gay wo were ! I know I can say for myself that never since have I laughed with such f resh-hearted joy as I did that night. There was little ceremony, no elaborate toilettes; we all knew each, other, and the female element considerably pre- ponderated ; but the dancing Was no less delightf al, the smiles no less radiant} the enjoyment no less intense, Ia the early part of the evening perhaps there might have been a little jealousy regarding the attentions of Arthur Power ; but he noon showed such evident prefer- ence for Irena Dupont, that the rest retired from the contest. It was no use Millicent Power looking cold and haughty. Arthur cared not. He saw only those sweet-: dark eyes of her cousin, heard only that rich merry ' laugh, cared only to wind his arm round that pliant * waist. Even in the games which relieved the dance, Arthur contrived always to be near Irena; and though now and then he paid attention to his cousin Milly, even she* saw that it wns because he felt it to be a duty rattier.' than because he wished to do so. I thought I knew Millicent Power well; I thought I understood her reserved character ; but that night she; puzzled me. She was too lady-like ko show temper er even jealousy at Arthur's sudden desertion, but no1»! aud then she glanced at that part of the room wlstrefc*" was with such wild pained eyes, now pas»iooa<#ly angry, now sorrowful, that even I wondered she could BO betray herself to hi m. Still she did not keep herself away from the reit ; she joined in all the dances and games, and talked and. laughed as excitedly as any of us. More so almost; and! I recollect it was Millicent's voice which was the first to accept the challenge which led to so much sorrow* Our party waa too large to be accommodated, eves ai the large school table, all at the same time, s* we younger ones had taken our supper first and thea re- turned to the dancing-room, leaving Mrs. Morris to entertain the elders; and so it happened that we had no wise friend near to prevent the commencement of as foolish a freak as ever wild young creatures planned. How it was that the subject of ghosts was started I know not; but I remember that, instead of returning to our games, we st ood grouped together listening to a . wild story Arl hur Power was telling ; and though "ll . laughed nnrt declared their disbelief in it, there were > few voices that responded to his challenge at the con- clusion. " I would wager this," and he held up a small '. gold looket, '*. that not one person here would venture > now to orosB the churchyard alone, enter the church, and 1 pass through and, bring mea piece of the cypress waving'; over the broken tomb on the other side." "What, make the tour of the churchyard in this J weather ! No, thann you," said one sensibly. "O, you may put on goloshes and a warm cloak;. Ha ! ha ! I see, Indies and gentlemen, it is the white* feather, not the weather." " I should nob be afraid," exclaimed Millicent. will go." " And so will I," I exclaimed. " And so will I," said Irena. No soouor said than done. Upttftira we three adventurous ones crept to don our 1 cloaks; and then, cautiously opening the front-door (tot we knew if Mrs. Morris heard aught of suoh a pro- ceeding she would quickly stop it), nob five minutes later, I, with the key of the ohurch in my hand, started at a quick pace. I It was agreed that ten minutes after I had Btarted, Millicent should follow, and at an equal period after Irena was to come ; for, argued Arthur, the elders would probably have finished supper soon ; and it would . not be safe to wait for the return of each before the nthnr started. Ah, how well I remember that mad midnight walk ! I had not reached the gate of the churchyard, CIOBO as it was, before I repented of my ,folly. However I went in. I was not of a timid nature ; and that walk across the churchyard was not in the . .leafs fearful to me. The silence of the decorated ' church, about which I had . heard legends enough to ter rify any one, affected me more ; and I confess, as the . door grated slowly on its hinges, I felt sorely tempted to flee. I did walk very quickly along the aisle ; and it was with à gasp of intense relief that I stepped out into the open air again through the little chancel- door, close to which stood the broken tomb and its dark cypress. My hand trembled BO, that I could scarcely pluck the bough; and then 1 fairly ran along the side-path which led to th» other gat« opening into the back garden of Mount --. " By St (ü-üorge, you Have only been a quarter of an hour !" exclaimed Arthur Power. " I wonder how fast Milly will run. You look rather white, though, Miss Mobtem." I answered rather crossly, " 'n watt a foolish thiug to do." " Did you meet the ghost?''' " .N^ver mind whom I met; there is the cypres» . boueh." Arthur shrugged hi« shoul- ders and turned away, still watch ia hand. " Twenty minutes; no, twenty-five minutes Milly must be having quite a gos- sip with the ghost." he said presently, not quite so pleas f latly though. Twenty-seven-ah, thexe she in!" i Yes, there was Milly, ghostly white and shivering. Arthur approached her al mott anxiously ; and though j he made nome juking reiuaik about 1er having mer a légion of ghost s, I observed that he took her hand, and then mut- tered something in a low ! .tone, which, however, only tamed Milly's shivering into j a convulsive shudder. " Olva her something hot to drink," I exclaimed from my corner, where I was also .till damp and shivering. And then Milly lifted up her eyes with a look. Heaven, \ how that look haunted me afterwards ! "I wish to goodness Irena wonld come now, before Mrs. Morris returns," said some one. " She will be se angry about this ;" and then Arthur Power looked at his watch again, but this time said noth- ing. A 'silence fell upon us all ; not a word was spoken; no One moved even; everyone listened-listened for that light step which should an < nouuoethe approach for which somehow we all so longed. The clock struck one ; and «gain Arthur looked at his watch, and tfaen again that silence continued unbroken; and there, motionless, weall remained waiting for her -for her who waa never to com to us ! No use our listening ; no nae watching those slow .moving hands of the great clock-never, never mon were we to hear the fall of those quick light feet '.Time might como and time might go, but Irena Duponi ? would not return with it. O, that miserable night ! how the memory of it hat i haunted me I Those sad, horror-stricken faces, whlcli mot two hours ago had been BO happy ; the frightened v whispering ; the coming to and fro of anxious searchers .> waving their lurid torchlight ; the sobs, the tears, the ?«"wild hopes, and at length the blank despair-how I rremember it all as some dreadful confusion, which, , » strive as I would, I could not comprehend. A.mystery indeed had fallen upon us that Ohristmas »night-a mystery which none oould solve. All wo I knew 'was that Irena Dupont had gone out fresh and i living into the darkness, and that she never came back. '.The path from the house to the church was direct . enough-it waB perfectly safe ; th«re were no bad cha- racters about ; so far as our human ken could reaoh it, .' all of us could declare to its perfect safety ; aud evi . dence of any struggle or accident there waB none. Search was not spared ; and for weeks every means . of discovering. what had become of the lost girl was : freely tried. But that solemn Christmas night refused '«to give up its secret ; and the mystery of the beautiful ligirrs fate remained still darkly hidden. * * * # * * «. But, in spite of those great sorrows which come to .'disturb the current of life, commonplace daily realities '.must be thought of and faced. I had learnt that lesson iiu the year of hard struggling I went through on quifc 'ting Mrs. Morris's pleasant roof to take the place of i junior toucher in another school«, and yet I confess I ifelt almost horrified at the contents of a letter I re ¿oeived one morning from my old friend, Millicent ?«Power. , She was going to be married to Arthur, she wrote, and: she hoped I would come and act BB bridesmaid. What ! had she forgotten so soon that horrible Christ- mas story ? I thought. With her usual forethought, she had enclosed a hank- note for my travelling expensen, and she nude her request in terms which a lonely orphan like myself was not likely to resist. Her aunt was dead, leaving Millicent sole heiress, to her property ; but Milly told me she could not endure the solitude of the old place, and still lived with Mrs. Morris, from whose house she was to be married. I was to go to her there, and I should find more than one familiar face to peleóme me. It ia only thone who are homeless who can sympathise with me in the intense affection I bore to that dear old nouse and its occupants, and the eagerness with which, in spite of my weariness, I leaned forward in the vehicle to catch the first glimpse of the tall ivy-covered chim- neys. I thought the entrance of the coach would be heard at Mount -?-, and I quite expected to see Milly's fair face at the garden gate waiting for me. There was one figure standing there between the rose bushes; but it was Mrs. Morris's, not Millicent's. " No, my dear, I would not allow Milly out so late, though the evening is warm," she answered, after the first embraces were ever. " Her health is very delicate, and I sent her to bed." Though Mrs. Morris spoke drily, and almost indiffer- ently, I could detect anxiety in her eyes, and I knew that before long I should hear something of the reason, for I was a favourite of hers, and she had al ways treated me as a friend rather than a pupil. I found thnt 1 was to sup in private with my former instructress ; and I was scarcely surprised when, as soon as the first hospitable cares were over, she began ab- ruptly, " Do you know, Dora, I am very uneasy about Milly ? I am not at all sure that this marriage ought to take place." I started, ' " I mean, of course, on account of her health, "Ever since that night when-when-you remember-Milly has been altering in a manner that perhaps others may not have observed, but which I have. There is a family malady hereditary to the Powers, you probably know-" , " Consumption ! Ah, I have heard that." "I wiBh it were only that," Bfcernly replied Mrs. Morris,*as if forcing herself to utter the words "It is something more awful-insanity. Milly's nerves never seem to have recovered the shook of that dreadful t night.» I was literally too horrified to say a word, and I knew scarcely whether to be glad or not when Mrs. Morris suddenly rose and proposed going to Millicent. I was accustomed to nor abrupt ways. Still, when she paused at Milly's door, and said in a sharp whisper, " There is a week still to the wedding-we must both watch and do our duty, Dora"-I shrank back in alarm. And though that first interview relieved my mind, I had not been twenty-four hours constantly in Milly's company before I saw that Mrs. Morris's observations were correct. Milly was altered. She would suddenly break off in the middle of a sentence, even about I Arthur, and fall into a Btony kind of quietude, which i wa» too strange to be the reBult of mere weakness. Sometimes, too, she was restless, and the anxiety for her wedding day to arrive waB incomprehensible andalmosc painful. I She could not endure solitude, either ; and if by any chanoe she awoke from one of her frequent dotings and found herself alone, she would ring her bell with a fury which more than once broke the wire. Still, Bhe never permitted anyone to sleep in her room at night ; »nd I waB quite surprised when, the day before the wedding, she asked me if I would mind Bleeping on the sofa nt the foot of her bed. ¡ Ah, that Sunday night was to be another of th oso which terror scorched into my memory. It was an exceedingly hot night. The room was a large one, on the ground floor, and the open window looked into the garden. I could not sleep. Milly, too, tossed restlessly from side to Bide, and, though sho Blept, moaned piteously. Time Beemed as if it would never move on, and hours seemed to elapse between tho striking of each quarter. I suppose, however, I must. have dozed, for suddenly I started up with the impres- sion that some one had passed by me, and hastily look- ing towards Millicent's bed, I saw that it was empty ! Why, instead of rushing to the door, I flung on a cloak, and, barefooted as I was, darted through the French window into the garden, I know not-it must have been some fate that guided me, for there, dimly visible passing through the little gate into the church- yard, was a whife figure. I flow along, but Millicent went faster than T, and with a strength and steadiness she never displayed in the day. On Bhe went-up tho little side-paths, never pausing, but going on swiftly, steadily, towards the chancel-door. Surely now she must pause, unless by Borne chance the preparations for the marriage had caused the door to be left unlocked, She passed in ! Ah, how I flew then, though why, except fearing some horrible catastrophe, I know not ; and at length a second time I stood within that ancient church in the dead of night. Even as I entered, a low piteous moan directed me to where I should follow my unfortunate friend; and there in one of the Hide-aisles, I saw that white figure kneeling and moaning and bruising her soft fingers a ainst the hard stone. " There-I know it is there," she muttered. " I lifted it then BO easily, it must, come up again. Don't shriek so,. Irena-O, O, don't shriek ? sol" And then, lifting np her white agonised face, she de- sisted from her awful scratch- ing at the stone, and put her hands to her ears, as if to shut out some dismal sounds, I stood transfixed with hor- ror, not daring to approach',, for I saw that though sher had her eyes open she wa» asleep; but at that moments the chancel-door slammed. With an awful cry the sleeper started up, gazed wildly round, and then I saw her fall prone on the stone floor, the life-blood flowing from her lipp. * ? * # w There was no wedding the next day in -that church. Millicent Power lay gasping away her life, and murmuring ouly two words, "God for- give ! God forgive !" But there was a horrified group standing round that stone and watching for the return of the exploier of the vault which was under that cracked pavement. There was no need to make much inquiry BB to whose remain» those were which then were brought to the light of day the long dark hair, a small ring, told all that was neces- sary to be told- Irena Dupont was found again ! But beyond those words which in her miserable sleep Millicent Power uttered, no light was shed on the mjs tery which enveloped her fate. I, who knew all that bad passed, and had se en the wild agony of her face as she knelt and tore at the stone», felt that, unies» insanity could be alleged in her excuse. Mil- licent Power'BBOul WBB loaded with au awful crime ; and an I remembered how the had been walking in that aisle when she left me, and re- turned uttering thut exclama- tion which was never finished, I joined fervently in that dying prayer of hers, "God forgive." That s'one was broken in such a "way that a chance glance would more l'kely have noticed that it could bo raised easily than one accus- tomed to pata it day by day. Probably she had raised it and discovered the vault, and leaving it open had for- gotten it until 'that mad midnight visit. I had passed through the centre aiBle, but Irena might easily have taken the side one, and-but enough of this- it IB too dreadful, and-God forgive us all ! We were all huddled to- gether as Miss Mon tern's voice dropped ; and if there was a word murmured, we wtro silenced by the sound of steps. It was the boys coming to let ns out Tbat mischievous Katie Bernard had arranged with them that they should not keep us more than about an hcur. Extensive preparations, Recording to the Newcastle Herald, are being made at Lambton for the forthcoming Eistedfodd, which cornea off oa New Year's Day. 