Of the absence of good faith in the income- tax proposal of tbe Government; there ' can' now be no doubt in the minds of their most confidingeoppoiiers.-- When -Mr &AUN60N; stated in the Alfre(F flall, -that the proposal was designedly made' to enable persons,; deriving incomes from be vond the boundaries of : this colony bnt residing here, to avoid the tax, bis bearere thought h8 was labor ing under some, strange delusion. They could not believe that & proposition so unfair to the great - body -of the - people, and so favorable to a number of wealthy Victorian residents, copld be "made by at\y Govern ment where a keen sense of justice prevails. But all; doubt npon the :mattBrrri8- Bowi6 removed, and'7 Mr 1 Gacnron's statement' in the Alfred Hail is proved to have been correct i». the ' most minute par ticular. On Thursday evening Sir -JAlIESi MKrCLLOCH moved the third resolution of .the budget, " wherein It is stated that ' tbe income-tax is -only intended to apply to " any kind of property whatever in Vic- " toria, " so that all residents of Yiptpria who derive their incomes from any source outside of this colony, will not be called upon" to-pay a particle of this tax. Now the un fairness of this ?exemption must be seen at a glance.. The cost of government chiefly lies in" "the efforts that have to be put forth to protect life and property horn the rails of the criminal d&as;, and the man who derives bis income from without is as great khaige -opon the community in this > respect, as the man whose income is secured from within. ' 'His life has to.be protected, the same as the life oFthe. man who has no outside possessions, and what ' property he owns within our boundaries stands inJieed of just the same measure of protection. Hot anything could .be -more unjust, then, than to make fish of one and flesh of the otW-to handicap the local owner witfaadditiqnal taxation, whilHteTemiitingthe other, who renjoys equal privileges, from, paying a sdnfill a of the tax, timplyb canse' his income isrierived From property situated/ elsewhere. - lis there any connection . be-:; Iween this unfair proposition and the fact :that'the great "bulk of Sir JaukI hlKJOL-; LOCH'STnoiiey is invested in a neighboring colon v1 . . Or does the community- owe this pteciqhs notion te a desire op the jnit" of the present Government to " let down," -as lightly ias possible, those over-gotged capitalistE, who own property both hereand elsewhere, thus forming a fitting pendant to the exqoidite statesmanship displayed bySir James M'CulijOCH and his colleagneain proposing both a land-tax and an 'paoom&v; tax, but . omitting the application of tile last mentioned in 1 -cases where' ihe former impost will have to be paid ? Whatever; reply can be .given to tbtee two qoums, ceitain it is that a manifest wrong is done to the Victorian taxpayer by litniUng the income-tax in the manner . .proposed, and allowing the absentee from other places te ' escape. It is wrong. because it is tmjust to the local int'egtoj) -aid it is wrong because it liherateS /thB' other from -captijbmiiig to the rieoearitigs! of the State, in the welfare of winch- he is probably more deeply interested than f our-ts 4rf>tiwae' ppon tax would ral. The" only excuse made for such partiality is that by taxing outside property we should drive its owners else where. But an unanswerable replication has been made to this plea. That answer is that these persons remain here because of their associations, and because this country is of fill the. colonies on this continent the mostpleasurable and healthy as a place of residence ; and it wodd be absurd to sup pose ihatwealthy men wouldahandon ihese advantages rather than pay a few pounds annually to the Victorian State. I The proposed income-tax in tins respect, how- . ever, is like. Sir . JAMES M-culloch's famous . gaging , motion-vr® Jwo edged weapon. If by taxing the class exempted we shonld drive them away from ub, are we not just as likely to drive capital ont of the colony for investment elsewhere by taxing those persons whose incomes are derived from property situated here ? The reply is obvious, and therefore if there is any force, in the excuse made for exempting outside properties from this tax, there" is precisely the same reason in it why an income tax should not lie imposed here — at all events uutil the neighboring colonies have resorted to a similar ex-- pedient to meet their financial require ments. Generally, however, we ;pan-j»n!y see in the restricted nature of Sir JAMES M'GcLLOCH's projxjsal, a desire to let-off property-owners as easily as he can, and to make the tax foil aa severely as possible upon those who derive their- incomes from business and professional pursuits... It is impossible to form any -other conblusTon in view of the manner in which the resolu tion has been submined, or by- 'comparing Sir James Mulloce's contracted proposal with the more comprehensive style in which an income-tax is levied in Great Britain. The tax.there has to be paid, irrespective of < where the jjroperty ia situated. And there must be an absencc ; of: anytlung like. eveD-handed justice by not adopting the same equitable condition when endeavoring to introduce a similar tax here. Of "ah income-tax we have oftan writteffi favorably, and we -can see mothing in the aignments urged in the -AesemHytto" Thursday night, .or previously, to cause tie; to alter our Opinion. A tax -of -this nature, however, should be just in its application; bnt.this. jb .the. ... weiy.ele- ment of all others which appears to be absent from Sir James m'gulixjqh'6 pro position. An income-tax should be imposed apm a graduated' Bcale so ' that -the nearer the minimum wafe reached, theBmaUer.would be the amohnt to pay, and the higher the income.lhe more, the owner wpuld be called upon to disburse. It sbould dso be accom panied bv the sweeping away of: all taxes on tea, sugar and ' articles of that- descrip tion, in order that some compensation would be afforded to those persons who had to pay ihe money, and so that the incidence of taxa- ' tion generally should riot fall-as -severely on the working classes as it . does now. Under these remissloriB, it shonld -begin at a minimum of £200, when "all those persons who obtained more than tbe current rate of wages would have to join in the contribu tion. Not one of there rational conditions, however, ia to be found in Sir james Mgulloch's proposal, and therefore that proposal is . radically defective on the ; very face of it. Sir James M'Culloch rushes at a certain end after a hap hazard and inequitable fashion, and thus introduces a new system of taxation with out offering any practical return for the tax he wonld impose. : A proposal like tins only deserves : one fate, and that is rejec tion without -wasting any mote time oyer its- discussion or defence. The monthly budget of intelligence'' from foreign lands, broughtby"tixe tar4y;imaU steamer China, doee not add much to our knowledge of the European abiation ." There is an immense amount of discussion, to be sure, bnt very little movement. All Europe jings from mde to side with theT sensation produced by tbe actioh.of. the British Go vernment in buying np the' Suez Canal shares, aud rendit oyei a staff of traned English accountants to overiiaul Qie public ledger of the ruler of Egypt. voltaiee iised' t® ' say "' sportively of himself, whenever his country-house at Ferney was overrun with . self-invited visitors . from various quarters, that he was hotel- keeper to the whole of Europe. In asinular tone it may be &aid;'that England's mission appears to "be that of bookkeeper: for, < the whole world. Bu meanwhile, per. prompt and worldly-wise conduct in this Egyptiah business has naturly excited the envy and jealousy of they>th«-'jeat powers. Eranoe does not like to be qriietjy supplanted by her powerful oeighhor.in toj:grapd scheme which one of her own Citizens had The in- 'Intelligence to plan and the boldness Jo.exe- cute. Russia does not likB to seg;E)njpahd: possessing herself of the eastern drey Aqthe Mediterranean. Neither G« rotahy dot Austria is over-pleased ; atiths manifest growth of English"7" influence in that direction. From these conflicting feelings and interests arista unlimited discussion, but it is tiiscutaton of a land Ihta neither alters existing facts nor determines the course of events. .Wbat, briefly ptated, are the main points in the European situation? First-, tht Turkey is Tsaukrupt, Internally" disor- gahiseiahd: mdteroally helpless, I iejs, in k word, hoptaassly reined ; and/it is not Ae interest of any nation in Ae .Wprid to come to, her relief. ..-.-Secondly, Egypt is; gradgally breakingeway from TMrke(y,'lstid is assuming the posititm qf an . independent kingdcHn. - Thirdly, England, byher adioit diplomatic sbrokB hi buying up' the mort gaged bhares hi (he Snez Canal, has estate lished a pmnouut infliikice In yEpt; so that, when itB . independence . m , » kingdom shall have been secured. Egypt will, be directly under the protection Of England. ; It is Indeed : tine, as oue xrf the French. jtarns 'gampIain that the Medi- terranean, udth GibiMtar; at 4»e,:taitrarita. and the Soez Ganid at toe other.; has beu come an EngfiTi ' The fltiqg oE ttfe' tmmplaint hta m toe fact lhat tEB FrericE have hitherto'7 btastea toat toe «natat clasKtal 8ea-was;,a certainly Is' not Englishmen will rejoice that -their coimtty lias once more, Arisen iip",' arid, Jtaken her rightful place as toe'fifrt' mafitimb and jpdlitic»l>ower Iritoe5 World. -The Miffqitis of' HABnVGAGtij'. an aAnofwledged leaiter of the Opposition," fedsl>bnii, bf course, to Juht doubta rtapecting toe -vrisdom of tbe tanrafr' 60 AvAich toe Goverement hall ontopd- Bta lacte tairi etabbqhiqgs-sr. more «tahhom> than jevqn periy gpkpchta j? and ell the talking in toe worid Wfllrtot set stale the fact that EnglaiM'bplds-m her band at this moment the twomyB tp the Mriditenranean. Doee toe- circumstance humiliate France, baffle the. designB Of Russia, affrotajto Germany jnd, Austria ? Not m the least. Let France look to herself I ' Her humiliation — at least since lS lAoo-has never been wrought by the hand of England-riSbe /has; herself to thank-4eraelf alone—for the terrible dig esters toat have eqtatiy/Ji England ;is ftppV&om; kll-oty m Apl disaster and disgraoe df 487©,' -she' was Of the And as for Rnssia, England has now no interest whatever in Checking or thwarting her project against Turkey. To England it would matter nothmg if the empire of the' Sultan were, to-morrow, absorbed into toat of the Czar. Nor, when tbe time arrives for toe ladjl grand blow to be strnck-will England expend s single shilling or a single- human life in the attempt to "ward off the" inevitable. England is, beyond question, a very powerful nation ; butthere is something infinitely .man. powerful still, and that is Destiny. ' - ? - - ' Tbe only other .topic of importance in the month's hews is the Prince's joyons and -trinmphal progitas In India.' ' Efe j|jiow at. the andent capital of the once mighty Mogul Empire, witnessing some mild reproductions of toe wonderful pumps and festivals of the palmy days of Shah Jehan and Aueukg- zebe. But the gloiy has departed. The Agra and Delhi of 1876 are no more the Agra and Delhi of two centuries ago, than the Egypt of the Khedive is the Egypt of the Pharaoh " who knew not Joseph." On that very account, however, it is the more cheering to read toe reports of the enthusiastic welcome accorded by toe natives of India to toe son of the English Qjieen. For what would have been the condition of the old Mogul empire at this day if India had not fallen under the foster ing care of Great Britain? It would have been to the last degree wretched and pitiable. A crowd of petty priDces, all alike rapacious and merciless, and all at incessant war with each other, would have desolated toe whole ;4erritoiy, crushed toe miserable population into toe vety dust, and rendered the country a standing and tenible spectacle to the whole world of anarchy, violenoe, oppression, and carnage. To appreciate aright what India has gained from England's protection, it ib only needful to study the history of that vast country nqder native rale. The difference is almost as' great as that between Paradise and Pan demonium. No feelings but those of satis- fafction and gladness ought, therefore, to be evjoked in -toe breast of any Englishman, upon reading-toe aocounts of toesumptnous celebrations attending on the Prince's visit to' toe various provinces of our empire in toe gorgeons East. i The HALS. China was off Cape Otway last night at half-past eleven. She would, therefore, reach tbe Heads about five o'clock this morning. The mail steamer Avoca was off Glenelg last tight just before twelve o'clock. At the request of the Hon. Graham Berry, the gnjnd demonstration in honor of the Opposition member? of the Legislative Assembly, will take take place qn,- Monday, the 28th; instant,' and not' ou L'riaay, -tbe 2Eth. As tlie -whole of the mem-' bers bare promised to attend, and as the ball will aooommodate only 3000 persons, immediate appli- , cation should be made for tickets of admission to the secretary of the Reform League, 23 Armstrong street, Ballarat. We observe that our statement with reference to the stoppage ot Opposition pfcpen by Mr Jones is denied. Our statement was perfectly correct, nevertheless. A public meeting will be held at the Mechanics' Institute, Geelong, on Monday evening, to disenss the politicsl situation. We See by a letter/that the National Reform League at Durham Lead"now consists' of thirty members. . The sympathy with the Opposition is very strong in that part of the Ballarat district. The Court of Assize opened yesterday, before his Honor Mr Justice Fellows. John Thompson, alias Jameson, for obtaining 200 bags by false pre tences from Mr J. Brown, miller, was sentenced to five years' imprisonment irith hard labor. Ah Chong and Ah Wee, for housebreaking, received ax years each. James Wilson, alias Smeaton, for coining, was sentenced to ten years' im prisonment. M. Fahey, for assault and rob bery, received a sentence of five yean. Ah Sam, for burglary, a similar sentence of five years with hand labor in tbe Ballarat Gaol ;.and Mary Ann Hammond, for false registration, lm- . prisonment for. twenty-four boon only, in conse quence of extenuating circumstances. In the case of Elsie Hooper, for arson, a nolle prosequi was entered by tbe Crown, and the accused was discharged. Wm. Byan, (barged with beBtiality, was acquitted by fhe jury. BiB Honor expressed surprize at the acquittal, as the evidence, at least of an attempt, seemed to be proved by the witnesses, and two of these being females, there was an utter absence of taalicioas motive ; indeed the case was a ringi«r one in this respect, that die principal witness, who said he saw the offence committed while crossing a paddock, called his married sister to witness it also, that 'Ms tewh-lestimm might he«pdrtea in court. There was a rumor that the prisoner bad been previously convicted for a similar offence, bnt this did not come out in court. Jeremiah Crowley, who surrendered to his bail on a charge of embezzlement, was allowed to be at laig" on thesamebail till to-day, when his case will be heard ; and Robert Stewart will be tried for em bezzlement and forgery. The civil cases, before juries of four, are Muicahy v New Lothair G. 5L Company, and Levinaon (oseigBee) v Catttin. At the meeting of the meeting Water Commis sion last night. MrCiaxton was unanimously elected chairman for the ensuing twelve months. At, thejcloeeof the meeting, tbe commissioners present j together with tbe members of the press and the officers, partook, at the newly-elected chairman's invitation, of a slight refreshment. A few toasts 7wece drunk, and a very pleasant hour was spent. Dr Bonce reports that a child, whose parents re side in Humffray street, is dangerously ill with scarletjpver, andie.not likely Jo recover- No fresh case bta-occuiTW ptheriin toe rfty ir toe toWnt etjareant Lamer reports that all the other cases of scarlet fever in Ballarat East are doing well. No nnisancea were met with the during the day. A fine little fellow, between two and three years of age, the son of Mr Troup, locomotive superinlen- tendent at the Ballarat West station, succumbed to an attack of scarlet fever yesterday morning, at his patents' residenre.WSbldieie' Hifi. Thefuneral will take place to-day, at four o'clock. -i, The Ballarat Hydraulic Sluicing Company's application was advanced another and a very im portant stage at the meeting of the Water Com mission last night. The conditions of lease were agreed to, and certain suggestions of the engineer, to -render future progress smooth and dear, adopted. A report of the meeting will be found in another column. We have received a copy of the eleventh annual retort of tbe Ballarat Orphan Asylnm, winch has -beta neatly printed in pampRtST form by Mr W. ?D. M'Kee, printer, of Bridge street. ' Mayor Long occupied the bench at the Town Pb$ce Court yesterday and remanded Mary Byan -to ie 2 1st iosti, on a charge of bring an habitual drunkard. A Chinaman named Chow Onu, who wafi caught by Messrs Lugg and Dnnstan, in lhdr garden in Eureka street, at half-past twelve yesterday morning, was also remanded till the 21st inst. _ _ A laborer, named ThoqnS Rejdy," waajbrouit .into the Hospital yesterday afternoon from Bupgaree, very dangerously ill. He stated that daring the early part of the day he drank a large quantity of cold water, which made him feel indis- potal, and, aa he grew rapidly Worse, be was brdoght into Ballarat. He, however, sank rapidly, and died at about six o'clock in the evening. The most probable cause which can be given of his death Is, that peritonitis, the result of drinking cold water io large quantities, set in. ' ' A bov, named James Wells, hardly ten years o toe, was brought to the tSty" watch-bouse last nirtit for using a horse withont tbe consent of the -owner, Cornelius M'Mahon. Mr M'Mahon came info Ballarat on Thursday, and pot np his horse in the stable of the Crown boteL When he returned same time afterwards, the horse was not to be found, and yesterday he came upon the boy sitting it about Ballarat East. After locking him np1 for a couple of hours in tbe watch-house, he was allowed to go home with bis parents, who pro- mised to bring him before the City bench tint It was arranged that steps be at once taken to carry "onthe work. Mr Rosa ooenpied the chair. Be- ride the chairman, those were present who deter mined to posh on the association, although it has been dormant for tome little time. John Siadfiir, the man who was po severely burnt, amae time agb,by an exploaiohof fire-damp' in the Scaredale mine, died yesterday evening, irithout pain, at the Hospital, whither be had been brought about a week ago from his home. An Inquest wOl bs held to-day. , The fame of onr Ballarat swimmers has extended to Gippsland, end some of oar best men have been 4mrited to take part in the Sale swimming matches jta Tuesday next. Mr Wynne has accepted for the half-mRe race, the quarter-mile, and a coateme -tare, end it is not unlikely that Mr Woodward I to-day, and there it no doubt toat he will ably represent the district in the long rapes; end, it 1s ; believed, will carry off the laurels in the principal event. . a married miner, named John Mesbfeit, living at Grassy Gully, four miles from Lintoos, met with a terrible accident yesterday, which in all proba bility wilf leave bim a cripple for life. He was working -with some other men in a claim at Grassy Gully, and a. short time ago they commenced to. open np the drive. Mesbeit was working in the drive, and his mate was not far from him. when about a ton of earth jell . on him, leaving only his head uncovered. When he was extricated from the fallen debris, it was found that both his legs were paralysed. He states toat the ground was very loose, and -that the drive was not tirabered, which was the canse of the accident. He was immediately taken to the Hospital, where be now Res. a special meeting of ihe Ballarat Brilringers' Ciib will be held in the Gity Hall next Tuesday evening, at eight o'clock- . . . Messrs Wheeldun and Spillman announce that they will address tbe electors in toe lecture-room, of the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday evening, at eight o'clock. It will be seep by our advertising columns that a tea meeting and sacred concert will be given at Trinity Independent Church, Start' street, next Monday evening, commencing at half-past six: The programme, which has been judiciously selected, will be found published in our advertising columns. The "half-yearly services will be held to-morrow, when the Rev. e. g. Atkinson will preach morning and -afternoon, and the Rev. j. Albiston in the evening. . ,r The following players will represent the " left handers " in the match against the first eleven of the b.c.c., to be played on the Eastern' of-al to-day, commencing at two o'clock' sharp, viz Messrs Macksy,. . Brokenshire, . Wimble, Ware," Harry, Pinnie, Green, Wilkinson, William b- Partridge, Bechervaise ; emergency; Bleckly and eyte: " 1 v The following is the team selected from the members of the Loyal hupinyong frodge to play Ian. eleven- erieried - from /fbe Ballarat Lodge MMJD.ttF.pA.Bi "Sr. Miller; F.' Caijy, a.s Millar, j. Trezise (captain), t. Ctijft, Josl Field," wl al'Efifrsqn, Jos. Kelraff, h.- Xemer, t. Stewart. Geo, Haviea. .emergency— Bra p. Hod- tick, w. Hanna, and w-. Middleton. -Umpire — Br jmsh Little. mlf Nunn. who is in charge of toe railway gates in Lydiard street, displayed considerable pluck and ' activity yesterday. Two horses were bolting: with a lorry belonging to Messrs Permewan, Hunt. aud Co„ when Mr nana mMe arush.fit the head of one of- the horses. He- succeeded 1n"graspttig"/the" head rein, aud managed, by tugging hard at the leather, and running alongside the horses, te p'all tip the affrighted animals before they had done more mischief than come in collision with a waggon. the occurrence took place dose to the Western station. At -the-jsly 'Police yfoforday, a man. tamed' James Rysn was committed for trial on a charge of embezzling 5s. from his.iate .employer; -Mr jaea Upfon'u gingerbeer mtiinlacttlrei of "this this town. Bail-was allowed. ; Mr James Greig, of Snake Yalley, informs 11s that hehasfbo intention wjiatever pfrrtagniug his seat in theTlipdnshire Council. We see that thanksgiving eerrioes on account of the late bountiful harvest were held in Adelaide tin Sunday. a terrible howl would be raised if anything of the sort were ever suggested here. We Cannot publich Mr- Kfojgh Jetter oh toe. charge of embezzlement preferred by Mr Upton agriost Byan, as tbe case is subjadice. Thejtaard otAdviopJor tbe qrir appear determined to put in force the compulsory douse of the Education Act. Yesterday thirteen parents were summoned- to the Bonmyong Police Cohrt for delecting to send lhdr children to tlie State-school. All the cases, however, were dis- miqsed on technical grounds, which the board ex press their determination to remedy-in future.- : The Opposition (says the Herald) are determined to use every exertion -to secure the return of Mr- MifaihVat'Cbltingwood. On Monday evening Mr Berry and Mr.w. c. Smith will address tbe eleo-, - tors on behalf if the candidate and toeir poliey, at theTown Hall, Fitzroy. One would imagine (remarks the age) that, profiting by experience, Ministers and their sup porter would refrain from endeavoring to 'get up meetings with a view to the passing of resolutions expressive of confidence in their policy. Not withstanding the great exertions made to pack snch meetings, tbey have almost withont exception ' npaet tbe calculations of the conveners by de claring their disapproval of ihe m'Culloch pro gramme," and endorsing the policy of the Opposi tion. The latest instance has occurred at Box Hill, where, at a meeting held on Tuesday, and convened by . Ministerialists, it was' emphatically declared, " that this meeting does not approve, of thejbudget brought in by sir James AFCajlqch," and that " the majority in the House do not repre sent public opinion." Both Mr g. p." Smith and MriCrewe attended the meeting, but., neither . their . presence nor their eloquence produced any effect on items present. The political situation (writes the Herald) eeeaa ' veto mtah' Eke the political horizoD,, cii a mixed and mnriry desittiptioh, Tbe ptopeedings ui the Asaembly on Thuraday evening go to show that -toejGoverament fear even their ev& supporters, on the main question at issue. . On the other hand the jOpposi tion bare no wavering ia toeir ranks oh thepnaterial points at issue in -the programme of the; Ministry. With the exception ofthe -bank' note-tax andtoe.6uccession-ta every .item to .be dea|t with, qp . the report of toe committee being presented to the speaker,- -will -be opposed if ne- cesaary, word by word,«i Tlie Opposition are certaio that if .seyerajinember? who voted with toe" majjrify on toe division the otlier'Jnight 'fliad cot -gone from -tfiar -plighted wotjds, ihe result of .the divirioo would havegiven a majority against Ministers. sr james $l'CulIoch(says the Ape) on. Wednes day- evening endeavored to he Jmmorons at the expeuM of Mr Gaunsou, in answer to a question put by. -toe member, for Ararat respecting the anomaly of the Solicitor- General hang without « seat in occasion that the. wishes of toe Government would be facilitated by Mr Gauoson allowing Dr Madden or a>dtesf:lii( sett for Ararat. Thli, at toe tiiue, wad supposed to be on exceUsnt jqke f or Sir James m-Gdioch, butjdn thursday jevenfog mr Gannsbp sho-'a dispostliqa/wif tofreput down by a in at ms expense. During an interval in the despatch.1 of bnrineea, the |honl-in prober, eppp and. solemnly 7 oStasri'tb afford the Government toe fleslred op- ponunity, provided that fhe Government would resign if their Sqliptor-Geiieral were , debated. The only reply was'a general outburst of cacbin- 1 nation from the Government benches. . we wee- by the Maryborough (Queensland) ChroniHe that a fire occurred in'that town on the 1st, of" this month, by which twelve places of businras in the Main s&eet; were destroyed:-'1 The doniage dpneamounted to about £500p. ". ' v " The Dagies/ord Mercury reports the deathof ihe : Rev. j. d. Brennan, at Sydney, on -Saturday last. The deceased gentlmnan was on- able divine, and. wacf for a number of years Incumbent of Ghrist- Churcli of England, Maryborbiigfoo& 77 On'Thursdayevening (says the Bexdigo A doer »ue4 « foe ipek-up, spd infqnged. theipolice that as he was tiding along the Epsom roafl. about mneSa'dtkk;-Aie/baw .t6 youths ap- proJiehhiin. ' When.within about 80 yaids he mud - he heard'one of them cry ont " words -aonnding fikc . " Yotuf -mooey tx'yovst life." and brfore he Sad time mther te pull np br reply he heard tife report of a pistol, and then a bullet whizzing clqae past his, head.' Without turning round or , dewy, he put spurs to his home and -soon placed a long dis- taiuMibetween lihnself/and -these young - ruffians. Sofoe time ago. we are infonned, aiiother resident - was Sn a -similar rmanner attackod; l>nt whether thaie yomsr scamps are only trying the effects of a pksmlod joke,rofa"ad- the'-mtiresariOiis:lntaitlnn' The eoqnlries jnui tjje xrooorces offomdenfo.jitot district. Our cootempmmry ite tons aeroytsined that the proposed property-tax : will :afteet ust twenty-one properties in Ores wick, -and the in come-tax even®5ttiidlallbn'.-rt The Bishop ofBaUarat (Dr Thomton) has ar- raagedfsays Ahe-ti7iesatidk Adrortiter) to pay a visit jb)TGres«ifik,v?lhe firaUSnnday-Ih April, oh which occasion he'fefll preach at Creswick, King ston, and Dean. Dr Thornton is to preach in Domplly tn-morrow. ; : ' ; fr haa iiften'ten alleged (writes &e; 'Gream&e; Tihes) toat pcreh pasted, in. Lake Bnmunbeet, bnt the fact, has not been weU. ascertained- "we were- on; Thuraday informed that « perch was oaaght in one of the creeks a few dsn -ago -by a boy, and that anoffaer -ht? froml BaRarat caught thirty-five codfish of various sires, Including a pezjcMntoedakeitsstfr - -5.-, Mr James Moriison, solicitor (ssys the Age), died suddenly on Friday nigbt. He went into his office at 56Qoten«treet, and,- 'frillHig "dhiim in i- fij/cvpired before assistance could be afforded him. Thetrauzs" Of death was disease of the heart, a" en ormous shark (sgys toe ays) was captured off theWilliamstown breakwater on Friday after noon by a man nuned Ward, who sayk bo lias beta fishing for it1fbr'toe put week." The balt, ftrfd on a largehook, wasapiece of raw pork; and as soon as Ward found it bad been swal lowed be obtained toe assistance of four lumpers, ftmttb lmtasd foabmbao ifo laigitbe shark on ,;foe tawkjrajbe. .After bring killed it wu carted to iba lWi market al Prince's - bridge, and will be reuovedto Bourke street for exhibition. The monster measures 10 feet m length, 5 feet 9 inches in girth, 2 feet 9 inches Across the taiL and the meuth is 18 inches wide. There wu very nearly being a sad termination to the sea trip by the steamer Williams (says the Geelong Advertiser) on Thuraday. When the veBsel got alongside the Yarrav street wharf in the evening, the spectators crowded about on each side. One of the passengers walked to the end of tbe wharf u he saw people crowding about them, and mistaking toe way to the shore, he fell into the water.- Fortunately the seamen on board of the barque Qneen Emma observed the man strag gling in toe water, and they immediately threw him a line, which he got hold of, and allowed himself to be drawn 00 to the wharf again. Beyond toe ducking, he sustained no injury. As be oould not swim, however, toe escape from - drowning wu a remarkably narrow one. .1 a youthful aspirant to the fame of Blondin, four years of age, named Robert Roberts, wu admitted (says the Geelong Advertiser) to toe hos pital on Thursday .evening with a broken collar bone. -' The Jittle fellow bad been -daring enongb fo climb a six-foot fence, on the top of which he intended to show his dexterity, but file unfortu nate accident occasioned by his fall put an end to his performance. Ghost stores are becoming u plentiful as snakes . in season. a young couple were recently walking on the banks of tbe river Hopkins,, as we learn from the Mortlahe Despatch, when the. lady screamed. The chivalrous w&oer; looked up and saw before biqi afrnge body seven pr right feet high, "surmounted by a ghastly head, with large glassy protruding eyes, .that glittered, and stared 'with a ghostly glare in tbe dim moonlight. Willi one terrific spring be jumped into and swam across the river. the cause of liis alarm, was an old gum stump, suitably attired and surmounted with the akuu of a bullock, which some young wags — who bad induced the young lady -to bring him to the spot— thought, and truly so, would be quite suffir debt -to .-make all -his courage ooze but" at bis finger ends. . a" telegram from' Middon in yesterday's 'A rgvs says; — Abont twenty or thirty-mining auuftgvni were summoned to tlie. police .court, on .Thursday- for- contravention of the ' act Tor the regulation' of inines As -Mr Coachman, fob inspector, could not show authority from the Minister .of Mines, as provided in the 9th section qf the act: the fiaaes were all struck ont. In most cases the com plaints were most frivolous, and great indignation \- is felt at the action taken." ... . 'a monster bollock was recently landed at Wel lington, n.z., from -Wanganui. He turned the .scale at 35 cwt. iqr. He was eight years of age, the following being his measurements Height, 6 feet 1 inch ; length, 33 feet 29 indies ; girth, 9 feet ylo inches; at frdly ,' 10 feet ll_inches; hocks, 2 ij inches ; arm, 3 feet ; width across limn, 2 feet 11 indies ; -yoke, '7 feet 8 indies.' The heart was ' veiy properly called "Prodigious." ' . - The printers of Wellington, n.z. (says the Geelong, Advertiser), haye recently 4aken it into thrir'heads to describe their occupation by attach- j.p. to theuqjmrnameavben visiting toe mneeam there,. the seeretary wondered, and frit highly gratified thaJt so many Justices of tbe Peace should xjsit Hj>.; establishment, -but was rather add when laid that j.p. stood for " Journeyman Printer." Professor Bosco will give, the first of three entertainments at toe Mechanics' Institute, this evening. rthe professor comes to Ballarat witb an excellent reputation as a ventriloqmst, sleight-of- hand performer, Ac. , ' ' " 1 