CANDIDATES FOR THE MINISTRY. (To the Editors of the Protestant Standard.) SlHS, — From the Christian Advocate, the monthly organ of Methodism in New Sonth Wales, I observe that at the Sydney and Bathnrst district" ipieetings not one candidate offered for tbe' Methodist ministry. 'Tig sad. but it seems pome ' the older Methodism grows, ifewer and feebler become the candidates for her lministry,"boili in the colonies and in England. ' , It appears that something like alarm has been jfelt by the Sydney District meeting, for says the Advocate, "a brief conversation on the question of candidates, showed the importance of affording facilities for promising young men in the Sydney circuits to, exercise their preach ing gifts." I have heard it said and not seldom, that if John Wesley were to revisit the scenes of his labours when in the flesh he would not know Methodism. I begin to think there is truth in this, for it appears to me in Australia a totally different thing, to that it wa9 in England twenty and thirty years ago. Methodism is it may be, more respectable than it was then ; more influential, more written about in news papers, more discussed in Parliament than in those not far-off days, bnt is it more, nay as much an instrument for converting souls as it was them I am old enough to remember the prediction of a far seeing member of her ministry that so soon as Methodism had her Gothic churches, so would Gothic services, and Gothic sermons be demanded, and verily that prediction is already fulfilled. Methodism when attired in raiment of camel's hair, and girt about with the leathern girdle had multitudes to her ministry, crying " What must I do to be saved ?" Multitudes seeking and confessing forgiveness ; the diviue favor ; the passing from death unto life ; but it seems as if she had had her day, and if she had done that work, and now clad in the more dignified, though less honourable, garments of clerical proprieties and ecclesiastical formalities, con tents herself by looking back and receiving con solation from the vast work achieved in the past. Wherein has Methodism differed from her sister churches? but that she has led the van in evangelising and saving men. She has in the past been well described as "Christianity in earnest," aud her zeal has been blessed by the quickening of other churches. She has led the van, we now find her in the rear. The cry has been for an educated ministry, and we are getting it. Bat I say salvation, and their educa tion. If an uneducated man, " unto salvation wise," a real Christian, ever about his Master's business, he will make a better preacher, a better pastor, than one whose time is takea up in acquainting himself with the wisdom of this world. In taking a wife doeB a man of sound sense consider beauty elegance, or wealth, as of any account in comparison with common sense, affection, health, and domesticity, but it seems as if the bride of Christ is to be wooed by the present generation only, because she can point to her iufluence, her numbers, her wealth, her societies, her structures, and her educated ministry forsooth. "Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up iuto the Temple and taught ; and the Jews marvelled, saving, ' How knoweth this mau letters, having never learned ?' Jesus answered Mv doctrine is not Mine but His that sent Me." " ii any man will do His will he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God." " Hereby know we that we dwell in Him and He in us, because He hath given us of His Spirit." " He that believeth in the Son of God hath the witness in himself. If we receive the witness o: men, the witness of God is greater." Do these truths, sirs, apply to educated men and women only ? Are uot those unversed in the wisdom of this world susceptible of the im port of such truths. I wot the old Methodists thought so. I write the truth in love, aye and loyalty, that is, loyalty to Methodism. I ask then, who and where are the men who shall stand in the old pat hs aud proclaim with con verting . power the doctrines which shall make wise unto salvation. Men filled with the Holy Ghost ; men who, as little children, have entered the kingdom and can lead others there. Not the wise and prudent who " minister questions" of economies, of science, of evolution, of almost auything rather than " Godly edifying which is in faith." The questions to be auswered is where are such men to be found, and what is it prevents their discovery ? This question, God willing, and with your permission, 1 will answer in my next. Yours truly, EPWORTH. 