MELBOURNE. Irany ma o\ni COEBEBPOKDEST-I i:'/"'"'1 v. ' . August 30. WoBDil'^oms, Wonds—Ths Potts ofIbei tated. SouniS—The Outs and the Ins Things Paellucentaet — The-; Chinese Humbugging the Dead with Roast Pork— A Curious CASE- THE Government Bota- : NiST WHO Can't Botanise—The Australian Black too Close to the Misslng Link— Debased by Civilization—CORANDEUK. Words! .words!-, words! nave reverboracea continuously in our Assembly Chamber during the week,1 but of action there has been a plenti ful lack. " .We have had the usual outbursts of. recrimination^ like the puffs.of irritated squibs, have listened again to the vehemence of the " Outs," breathing out threatenings and' • slaughter,and have admired the placidity with vhich/the/'Ins" receive, the objurgations of those \rjo.7rould climb the circumvallients of the Treasury Bench. There hakbeen Hfcleprogressmadesaveinthe direction of passing measures of little extra colonial-importance,- and the bulk of the time has'been occupied discussing the new Electoral Bill, which,although it will assuredly pass with hut some few modifications, has not been put forward with a definite offensiyeness likely-toproduce a conflict. In fact, the only v modification of the principles of: legislation^ which h as in the smallest degree interested us, has been a private member's proposition to give to criminals tbe right to appeal similar to \- that granted to the defeated.in civil cases. It is understood: in political circles thatthe Ministry will oppose this measure, but there is a strong feeling in the public niind that the proposed : remedy would be a desirable one. The dallying over necessary, political, reforms is likely to place our-shire councils In a some what peculiar position, • as the collection! of* tolls throughout the colony ceases • to-morfow evening, .unless some provision is made for the continuance * of. the aystem* A bill for this purpose has been* introduced, but apparently shelved; while one*, of our noisiest .and., most pertinacious members openly declares his-in tention of hindering - its progress by . .talking, against-time'to prevent tbe Honsepassing:from the consideration cf. the previous order of the day to it. • The-Government appear t6.be luke warm^ on the matter j while those shires which • have mortgaged the future earnings of their toll gates for vears in advance;: are .naturally keenly ' interested * in the ^course'which the Government must, sooner or later, take, to escape from the'pecuniary obligations which must accroe-through*the'closing of the gates. Our Chmese fellow-citizens have a most extraordinary festival, occurring, twice annu ally, which--consists in humbuggiug^the dead with the odour of roast pork. This morning, in great numbers, they proceeded to our ceme tery,-and there deposited the savoury edibles on the tombsr accompanying the . spread with the distribution of gilt-edged paper, supposed to be the currency of the land of the defunct, and xrith tire .tearing.up of other flimsy stuff conjecturally representative of clothing. Squibs and crackers then belched forth in volcano-like potency, disturbing tbe quiet European ghosts who wereislumbering in their mid-day nap ? and, after prayer, the assemblage dispersed. Bnt the astute Mongolian. has been taught hy experience to " cultivate the economics in religious ceremonial, and, haying ,. ob served4 tbat.. our larrikin youth were wont'* ; fo ' fob the tenements ' of : his defunct "kinsmen, of (the savoury morsels which they are permitted to smell once every'six months, he determined that such desecration should ho longer be permitted, and accordingly he to-day packed up allthe offerings and carted thenuaway for;" home consumption.Thcse superstitious Chinese,anent whose quaintnesses thei^ more educated brethren smile disdain fully, appear to have a horror of was^e, and as the spirits don't appear to be much ben £& ted by the sacrificial offerings, tbey surrender them selves vicariously to the digestive Juggernaut of roast pig. . A',somewhat curious case, involving ' tbe question of the legality of telegraphed warrants, has arisen. On the arrival of the steamship Somersetshire, which;-has inade another fine passage, to bur port, the detectives arrested two passengers, named Mark Lyons and Morris! Karlishaw, on the supposition that Lyons is identical with a .man wanted by the London police, on a charge of receiving stolen goods in South Africa. The only ground our police have'for the arrest is contained in a telegram ffoin London that Lyons was probably a pas senger by. the Somersetshire; yet,' oh. this slender evidence, the man has been committed to prison, bail for'him being refused, and a large quantity of jewellery which he had with him,'bas.beeh seized. The man asserts that he purchased thjft in England, but it is suspected that the diamonds he is charged with receiving have been thus utilised in other forms to avoid identification. The yion were driven to town in a buggy, with two of the detectives, and did not discover the cause of this polite attention, on the part of their new friends, until they reached the Police-office. Many of- our men of law contend that the arrest is unjustifiable, and that if Lyons .'applied for a writ of habeas he would obtain his freedom. There is one vote upon tbe annual Victorian Estimates which is unfailingly provocative of discussion.' It is not one of 'intense social and political interest \ it does not move men with vehement enthusiasm; it does not greatly affect the modes of existence of the present, or in fluence the destiny of posterity; yet it is too often passed over as though it were a worthless and- iimnaterial thing, as the butt of foolish and ignorant sarcasm by. those who are too uncul tivated to appreciate the national necessity of maintaining the establishments which .it up bears.-'The'vote'for the Government Botanist is one of those, against which witlings expend thete foolish g^es/whfle men of greater weight, deterred hy the aU-magtenng dread of ridicule, passit byandpermit of the consummation of ah annual sacrifice. It js.ono of the strange things ■which observation of human' nature teaches us that: men- earnest, self-denying, daring an opposition, having the masculine spirit of de-. fiance,, tfio ardour for contest, arc yet kept "from their .purpose by' the- shafts of sarcasm. He-who can. humourously distort a fact is a power in the land ; he who can turn a man s brains in the. public eye)the seamy , side without," is apt to prove .tho most successful, intellectual gladiator. . .. The power of publicity, when allied to tho. distortions. of the habitually funny mai^ is nn unimpotent one, and the bravest politician would sooner deserve the smoothly sounded censure of a Tillotson.thanbe held up to posterity in the stingingphrasingotMark Twain or Mar Adeler. So it comes to pass that year after year our titled scientific stipendiary is left to perforin fruitless labour; while the value of his services' is circumscribed by the parsimony which reduces his: facilities to a 10101011™. The Baron, voii .Mueller is probably the only man- in .this community whose work has an Eurdpean reputation and histoiy. The results he attains, and is still attaining, despite his slender opportunities, are of deeper .value than the records of meteorological changes, or of the eccentric juxtaposition of the heavenly bodies which are weekly done into fair typo for the edification of a wondering public. A botanic garden, and a .botanist to direct it, are tbe con-: tinual suggestions of commercial attainment. It is their place to. gather from every land, its store of shrub and tree and fruit, and to test, the ; climatic adaptability of these, to our soil' by absolute personal experience. The intelligent botanist examines one, tree, and selects, those of value for business uses, and condemns the residue as brands fit only for the burning. He tells us bf the age and properties of every - indigenous plant, its natural habitat, and the. soil and temperature in vchich.it may most snocessfully be grown. Heteacbes lis the; nurture of tbe.tender vegetation, which shrinks, and i fades, and dies,-when brushed,with.incle ment ,winds,. or exposed to:the chill, and mois ture' of unfairly distributed rains.. He educates us: in. the kindly care and nursing of all that, grows and absorbs our atmosphere, with mani-., fold respiratory pores., . He' explains how-we mav rear our nurslings under, apparently un-': favourable conditions, the manures we must use,: the depth .to which we must dig. down in rooting, and transplanting, the aid we must give in^youtb by artificial supports by pruning : or $y cutting.. : He is to us the ever, open hi»H tory of plant' life,-the apostle who heralds.tb.ns. the !species who seek to ,joih hands with us.in. .fellowship.- -Erom the treasury .of, his garden ho scatters throughout the country the gems of all future rgrowths suitable to ohrineeds, atf freely;": .hut ; with wiser discretion .than the j : birds land ,.winds . which, rain : upon, us*, ithe -. vital. gems of - vegetation: But. •take from -bur botanist his garden,' and what. then does he become ? A recluse poring oyer mustv tomes writ'in a language so: elabo rately scientific, and so distressingly -unpro-' nounceable, that the amateur .flies from their pernsal.The laboratory experiments may go' on, the hidden meanings; and phases of char acter of tho: indigenous: vegetation may - be .eluddatad, scientific correspondents: in ; other parts of the world .may bo enlightened as. to the secrets which nature has veiled in the plant creations of this portion of her territory, and' occasionally a few desultory, and imperfect experiments may be'■ conducted in far away portions of our Australian territory to test the suitability of foreigners to our soil and climate bnt such experiments can never be satisfactory, because there is wanting rbebind them', the essential incubator—the central nursery and propagating groiiud—whence these may derive successive drops of life blood, .from the supplies, of whfduthe growths that. have , failed,.the . seed cast1 in .barren' place's, of •overgrown with parasites or rivalling weed?, inay he replenished .and stimulated to live a new' life under the" 'conditions 'which,, through) failure,have'been recognised as becoming , the essentials of sue-) cess..'. . ;;f. ■:. .. • We have retained here the services of a man . of science, whose attainments make Victoria a noticeable name among the conservatories of the world: To effect these ends we give him a salary none too large for his requirements, the hulk of which he is perforce compelled to spend in his professional duties; we permit him to live in an unfurnished hoiiso on a bleak road and we make him sole and absolute lord of a garden and shrubbery, which is solely repre sented and constituted by a geranium box and a flower pot. Not a foot of ground on which he .may plant and rear his tender children is allotted to him,, for the fact has ■ gone forth that our so-called Botanic'Garden is to be a pleasure shrubbery made elegant by variegated blooms and attractive to eye and sense by the fantasies of the landscape gardener. A few nights ago when the clause on the Estimates, which: perpetuates this sorry farce was under consideration, it was opposed by: one member on the ground that botany was a useless and valueless science, while another gravely suggested that wo should lend the Baron and his department to our neighbours in New South Wales for five years! This is the appreciation of scientific toil e vinced by witless legislators. I -trust your colony does not wound the amour propre of its servants thuse ■ The Australian black does not rank very high in thq's'caleof human creation. He is too close 'to the' missing link. It is" difficult, to, grind poetry-out' of him or ^surroundings,' for at his best he is an instinctively unclean wild man." Bid has come to' be fcgprddd.'like the smell of a bar, parlour, aftdr a night's : debauch, a sickening and spiritless reminis cence of what has been. Debased by associa tion with the. white 'man, who has degraded him to the continuing infamy, of habitual; intoxication, his only mission is to shuffle off tho stage of life like a discarded pantaloon,"to . keep his vices as remote as possible, and) to die as soon as he conveniently can. Vet we 'who) have robbed and degraded Inm) who have counted his life as) of less value than that'of a sheep, who have taken from his women. oven: of BaVaga virtue,-surely owo lum somo repara tion for our exercise of the rapine of might., We have admitted this, in some part,-by esttib lishirig' mission' stations for bim, and tho Eenortof the Board, which wo have established to protect' and foster hisi declining years, has just been published,- to shock the public mind with tho statistics oi tho habitual negligence with- which- we perform our duty. ' Ihe Central Board employs a travelling inspector to visit' its stations, which are six m number, accommodating altogether about five hundred aborigines, and of the management of nearly all" of -these.'-the visitor tells the- same sad' tale,' that no ' accommodation ^ to secure decency exists, that there is an absolute lack of efficient discipline, that the food served out is insufficient,' that i little provision for effective medical attendance is made, ana that no real care is exerted to wean the' natives from the viceiof habitual intoxication. But, although the salaried officer, of the- Board reports m forma which would he considered by any bnsi- I ness men' as ■ a, strong condemnation - of therr : do-nothing policy,'it is.leftto the chief medica officer to point out the disgraceful neglect of a manifest .duty wo permit. ' Speaking of Coran deuk, tho principal'station,-within thirty miles of Melbourne, he says: "The natives com plain greatly of the cold and wet in winter, and I have n o doubt that the situation of tho establishment contributes not'a little to. the development: of chest diseases.'* " The con struction of the huts is, in a sanitary point- of view, the worst possible: the walls are of. slab, paling^ or barkmostly the latter, with open ingBjin them so numerous, that they - may.: fitly be compared ;;toi bird-cages, r The; roofs are; almost always bark; with-openings nearly as numerous as the-walls..;;The;floors;arc of Qkty*; and are damp even.at:the driest..season of^the year; whilst im the; winter, the .natives com plain that the water rises to the surface of the floors after revery shower of rain, . In wretched hoyels like these, ' it,; i3;:no;:,wonder that the « mortality;:.is, excessive:;It; • appears, by' Mr.-.-Qgiirie's; report -that , in . 1865, With a".populatipn;iof about 150 < people. 31 dpatha took place.'*; Although.an epidemic.of measles," causing an increase in the general mortality, prevailed in this year, yet, when tho mortality .of-.-the- whole.polony, about 17per is compared with that of, Corandeuk, the discrepancy is appalling, the; latter amounting t to .1^3. per l,00Q, or in- other words, for erery person out of the general population who died: 111 (deaths occurred at Corandeuk. The stefeiing accommodation of the,natives is de-/ fectrvfc in: ,«pace, .vfpqm..ipur to, ten ^per-; gp'ns in some cases occupying a single hub,] where • there [i§j.'barely, .cubic :Jspace Ehifficient to support the health of two,; TOf is only, one..section of a* report,of the Chief Medical Qfficerof."^ctoria, nearlyeyery, clause of'which is couched in the same tona. of repre hension. . No word of mine can heighten one, fond of such. a picture. • v,.;. , -1* your trrwmfriftl folk ever regard the indica tions of the"Victoriah money market, they- must consider.tig a wonderfully wealthy people.; In one! column of the Axgm they wilt observe that capitalists eagerly proffer loans.of'twenty and] thirty thousand pounds-at a time.toall who are-stranded: in zmpecuniosity; whUo in ^mother;:partjof» the same.Journal he will bbperve thafcwetalkof floating a two hundred and' fifty. thousand.' pound ;Company, or losing b'y^an eighty thousand pound failure, as lightly as' though such,, trifles, never influenced. tho sensitive plants which foretell the storms in^the 6tock, Exchange.' ..Our latest' enterprise is A trifling .thing qfVthis kind, for., which only £250,000 is .required,'and of this £50,000 has already been guaranteed before the'.issue of the prospecths. '^The capital is: tb'he .'applied to' plading- a Hne df steamers m the New Zealand trade", each'one* to*' be: of suffifiierdly''light' : draught to he able to get up to the wharves at either terminus, • to/ carry not less- thanj two hundred passengers at a speed of.twelve knots, afldj to obtain'cargo from the grain growing districts of Omaru'arid Timaru, yyhilo carrying passengers in'quest of tho 'medicinal'^rirtucs of the^ew Zealand Alpine Geysers, or the rival ling '"attractions * of' its magnHdent; ..coast scehery. The .provisional directory, contains soipe names of -mark, and as Messrs; J. B. Were and Co. have accepted the brokership, together with that of another company, which only desires to borrow £30,000. on its promis sory notes,'there is: somo chance of the.' affair beingcarried'through. -i .! -'.That never-dying.8unday'qucstion has.been, •cropping up again in a perfect leprosy.of pestUent eruption.. Articles, letters, placards, notes of invitation and calligraphic requests to vote straight,- have made life a burden to us for SOTne.time.past.;:. ' . * • The Mdbouine Athenroum have taken to its committee certain unrighteous young men who have become demoralised by the Bohemianism of the Press: These of whom Mr. Marcus Clarke is the ringleader, proposed to open the doors of the newspaper room on the Sabbath, and referred the question to a special meeting of subscribers, who are the property holders in the institution^ who promptly, negatived the profane question; . It-is said the committee intend taking counsel's opinion as to whether,' under the rules, they can 'flout the opinion of their-constituents) but I scarcely think they will press the matter to this extreme, which would end in their graceful retirement by that impulse which - is known as tho dirty kick out.',' ... ' 'Inladies* society,, the [hysterical admiration of Mrs; Scott Sidaons, hasgiven placo to the canvass of the hew shades so liberally displayed in the drapers' windows which are to bo worn at tho approaching Governors ball^at which it is Burmised Miss Boweh, now a personable yonngjPrinceM, who.is edging, h'er' -woy. into* popularity, wall probably' make her debut iii vpgin white. To-night.. one * of "our "heavy, weightfiij" a wealthy miller, yclept Sara ftams den,* imtertaiius' about soven. hundred of his friends''at a ball iii the Town Hall, in "celebra tioxiof.thb majority of. oho of his sons.: • ,. The annual^aalo of high class stud ' sheep ; comirinncod this^weok, and has attracted^huyers from all* paris 6f' Victoria, and, the: flock "misters " from; and' Sonthr Australia proved' good 'customers.'"/' The sales commenced -with, the puro iMermbsjei/' principally from Tasmania, ana some of thspm pick fetched very high' prices, -cspecialW- thoi'i'i descendants; of " Sir Thomas/.'- whose pnginal"'-'" price in Melbourne somo years ' ago; was 680v T guineas.' Tberamsforsalehad all ten months' : •wool on them, showing very dense andbrilliaht'v:''' lustre fleeces; apen of twofour-toothed rams,1'' hy " Sir Thomas," sold—one for 280 guineas1'" the other for 276 guineas; "and! an eight:' • toothed ram, " Champion Woolly Tom,"- by * ■-/. the same sire, fetched 195 guineas;-two otheri';" four- toothod fetched 145 guineas 'each.'iThe' ';-' average for seventy-nine sheep/ belonging to'"'; Mr. Gibson, of Tasmania, was 47 guineas. "' On the second day a large number of Victorian pure-bred sheep, chiefly Merinos, - were sold, : -; the pick of which realised 130, 116, 157^100,' >/• and 180- guineas each. A very!large drdft'of'U'! the Ercildoun flock (Sir Samuel Wilson's) wiflfci be sold oh Thursday next; there are; 90 ramB -'if and 10 owes, with wool of very long -'staple.1 »; Last year, in London, wool from these sheSp/i sold at 3s ,10Jd per lb.; and in llay last/as 6" Hid. Very much over £10,000 will no doubt" '' be'spent this week ih'tho purchase of-highv' S class sheep for breeding purposes. ' : :.U 