Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. THE ball was opened on Monday by Mr. Thorn moving the sum of £3500 for survey of roads. This gave an opening to Mr. Palmer, who had some peculiar notion about a certain Mr. Surveyor Byrne, who, he Baid, had been twice dismissed from the service. Mr. Thorn took up the cudgels for the surveyor, and stated that he had not -been dismissed ; he had been got rid of once or twice—a very remarkable distinction. It appears that the gentleman objected to obey orders, and this gave occasion to Mr. Douglas to treat the House to what Mr. Walsh stigmatised as one of his funereal, dirge-like speeches. He said it was very naugbty and wicked of Mr, Walsh to talk about proteges of his (Mr. Douglas) as being drivelling idiots, and wound up with a scathing denunciation of the member for the Warrego, for misusing his posi tion in the House' and degrading himself by the gratuitous attacks on defenceless people. (Some how, Mr. Walsh did not appear to be at all scathed.) He (Mr. Douglas) knew nothing about drivelling idiots. Mr. Thompson (a sur veyor) had been spoken of as a blackguard. This was a chance for "our Jock" to interpolate': "And they spoke the truth who said it." Mr. Douglas said that the information he had about Mr. Byrne's capabilities came from good and true men, which elicited any amount of. "Hear, hears," and " Bully for you, old mans," from the Opposition. He would like to know if Mr. Walsh would like to be shown up in his true character as a general disturber of the business of the Houße. No doubt that honorable gentle man had some function for good or evil in the House, but the former had yet to be discovered. It was pointed out that Mr. Byrne had been ten degrees out in a survey, upon which Mr. Thorn, with the refreshing innocence which generally characterises his statements, said that was nothing; every surveyor was ten degrees out. This brought out Mr. Palmer, who was perfectly astounded at the wonderful and ridiculous statement of the Premier. The fact was that the Oovernment were going in for all the broken down drunken beggars they could fish up. They had got hold of some other fellow named Matson, who had been given a billet up north. All the rubbish got shot up north. This was certainly complimentary to the Civil Service generally in the north. Mr. Pettigrew ranted away in a high-falutin style, and in default of bis enemy, as he characterises Mr. Douglas, writing a book, he was fain to put up with a speech, and he rounded up Mr. Douglas about his speeches, especially those having reference to Mr. Byrne. Poor Mr. Douglas must bea desperately dissipated character, according to the hon. member for Stanley. Nipping in doubtful pubs, and shanties and listening gleefully to shady yarns by the said Byrne, were the least villainies attributed to the Minister for Land*. As it seemed to be the fashion to bring up the delinquencies of Government pets, Mr. Mataon was trotted out His qualifications for a northern billet seemed to be that he had been, repeatedly dismissed from the service. Mr. Lord wouldn't trust him as fat- as he could swing a bull bY the iaiL Mr. Pettigrew would not employ him to black his boots. Mr. Tyrrel had told him to go to . Finally, Mr. Pettigrew accused him of stealing an island when he could find nothing else to steal, when he was Government Agent to the South Seas. Mr. Palmer hinted pretty plainly that the Rockhampton people had better look after their luggage now that Mr. Matson was employed on the line. So the game went on, and the un happy Matson, and equally unfortunate Byrne, served to pleasantly while a fewaway a few hours, popularly supposed to be employed in legislation for the goed of the colony, till the Premier pro mised to have an enquiry into the private and public character of both officers, and took his "davy" that if things looked as blueas members opposite stated, their name should be " Hookey Walker." When the vote for the Sandgate-road came on, there was a regular hulloboloo. -Mr. Steven son had driven from Sandgate to Brisbane in the dark in one hour and ten minutes, and he could not Bee what was wanted on a road which ad mitted of such performances. It was not hinted that the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals should have stepped in and explained to the member for Clermont that the pace was too good for the road. Mr. Macrossan was bard at work demonstrating that people who went to Sandgate did not develop the resources of the colony, when a lot of larrikins hurrah'd outside the building, and a general rush of members took place to the win dows to see what was up. This little interlude over, Mr. Macrossan went on to show that if people wanted to go to Sandgate, it was for their own pleasure, and they were not entitled to any protection from neck-breaking so long as the people of Charters Towers or Townsville are not protected from being bogged'on their way to the Bay or the diggings. The speech of the member for the Kennedy gave Mr. Palmer a chance at the Premier, and he worried both him and other members of the Government about orders which he said he knew had been sent to the north to curtail ex penditure, winding up with an assurance that he should be very sorry to trust the Premier for anything. Mr. Thorn ate humble pie. He didn't—no he never; s'help him—send any orders. It wasn't his fault, and he would see everything made straight. Mr. Buzacott wanted to know something about the astounding arith metical operation which had been applied to the Estimates, but he got no satisfaction ; and ultimately the road estimates were allowed to pass. Mr. Macrossan then had a go in at financial separation and local government, and Mr. Petti grew made an attack on the Minister for Lands, and promised if he would only print his speeches to have them read in every Highland village. He compared him to what's-bis-name —that old buffer who ran at windmills in Spain; and then flew off at a tangent, advising Mr. Thorn not to shake his fat sides, pretending to cd joy it all immensely, when he was actually shivering in his shoes at his (Mr. Pettigrew's) denunciations. Mr. Walsh did not understand what the Premier meant by shaking his fist at him. He presumed he meant personal violence, but he didn't fear personal violence at his hands. The Opposition then assumed the rOle of the merciful judgea and patted Thorn on the .back, promising to let him off as easily as possible, now that he had thrown himself on their mercy. Mr. Low made an atrocious attempt to bribe Mr. Walsh by an offer of half the vote for certain roads. In fact he offered to split the difference with him. Of course Mr. Walsh was intensely virtuous, and turned up the whites of his eyes in holy horror at any supposition that he was open to a bribe. He did not hesitate to say a great deal, which, when reduced and rectified, ended in vapor ; but he took a great deal of credit for sacrificing himself on the altar of his country, by refusing to vote for the Saltwater Creek-road, at Maryborough, although he owned nearly both sides of it After a considerable amouufc of chaff had been indulged in on the subject of increased salaries to the Northern and Central Engineers of Roads, Mr. Walsh requested the Premier to lay on the table a paper showing the sum total of his various promises of increases, &o.; He expeoted these would reach about £100,000. Q. Fabius must be a' very promising sort of a youth at this rate. It wouldn't be a bad idea to get an I O U out of him every time he makes a promise. These documents could be held by Mr. Walsh, and exhibited with an ironic smile whenever a promise trembled on the Premier's lips. A promise of an additional £200 was squeezed out of him for Mr. St. Qeorge, but he denied it immediately afterwards with the utmost sang froid. Then the rest of the wet-nums trotted out their pets and nurselings, and Mr. O'Sullivan suc ceeded in booking two more promises. Mr. Pettigrew drivelled for some time in what he, no , doubt, thought was a highly facetious manner on the subject of Mr. Hamilton, who, poor man, was bandied about between himself and Mr. Palmer] until he was sufficiently mauled to be let alone, and nobody seemed to have got the best or the worst of it—except Mr. Hamilton. When the House resumed on Tuesday, Mr. John Scott went into the wallaby and paddy melon business, and proposed that the proceeds of the assessment of runs should be devoted to paying for the scalps of these interesting marsu pials. He might have gone further, and sug gested the advisability of the country paying for tins wherein to preserve their flesh, and thus derive a revenue from the sale of tinned walla bies. Mr. Walsh, who could not possibly get on without objecting to something, took exception to Mr. Thorn's bul making further provision for the office of Agent- General That gentleman having been duly sat upon, Mr. Thorn looked about for his bill. He tried all his pocket* and his hat, but it waa nowhere to be found. He looked at Mr. Palmer as if he half thought the leader of the Opposition had stolen it At last he hit upon a happy idea, which might have struck him before. He had left it at his own office, and somebody was sent off in hot haste to bring it down. On this Mr. Walsh flared up again, out met with very little support. The Premier carried his motion for postponing the reading of the bill to that day week, and, tired of obstruct ing, and exhausted with the labors of the day, Mr. Walsh lay down, and a nasal concert in formed the House that he was sleeping the refreshing sleep of innocence. The business of the House consequently went on swimmingly, until in an evil moment Mr. Ivory woke him up, and Walsh looked round with vacant gaze, as if searching for a duty to be done. The Pastoral Leases Bill amendments were now being discussed, and Walsh, of course, did not intend to play dummy. He rose, and an audible d n was whispered around. Mr. Palmer took up the running, however, and proved to everybody's satisfaction that the squatters were the only virtuous people in the colony. They were only too anxious to give up their lands to the selector. " The lion was quite willing to lie down with the lamb." Mr. Douglas, who usually manages to show his hand, drew down upon himself the wrath of Mr. Macrossan, anid also a private vote of thanks from that gentleman for having so innocently let the cat out of the bag as to the intentions of the Govern ment. He saw very plainly now that the members of the present Government had no idea of giving up their snug little billets, and they meant to keep them by refusing to settle the land question, as they would then be able to go to the country with a pitiful and popular story about the wicked squatting Oppositionr who wouldn't let them give the lands to the people. When Mr. Thorn moved the adjourn ment of the House, up got Mr. Walsh, and attacked the Speaker, who he said had put the motion for adopting the report of the committee on the Council's amendment in Buch a rapid way that he had not bad a chance to put in his spoke, a circumstance, by the way, for which the House must have been excessively thankful. Mr. Douglas wished the word " rabid" to be taken down. Somebody said that the word was "rapid," and the irrepressible Walsh, delighted at the opportunity to have another rap at Mr. Douglas, knocked accordingly. Mr. Amhurst considered that the morbid craving fur Scotch ■chlorodyne exhibited by the Minister for Scotland was very disgraceful, and the scandalised Speaker threatened to leave the chair and put Mr. Amhurst on his trial This only elicited a rejoinder from Mr. Walsh that it was the best that he could do, and he had better do it for ever. He demanded that the Speaker should read the words used by Mr. Amhurst, bo that he (Mr. Walsh) might block the conspiracy which he was cock-sure would bo concocted the following day. Mr. Bell came be tween the belligerents, and the result was that Mr. Amhurst made believe that his words applied to Mr. Douglas. The Speaker gammoned he believed him, and Mr. Walsh actually offered to apologise, but hon. members didn't see his tongue in his cheek when he made the offer. However, the Speaker's ruffled feathers were easily smoothed down, and the House ad journed, with a promise that the Caledonian sports would continue on the following day. It was wonderful to see how very patriotic hon. members became on the subject of the mail service on Monday. Mr. Stevenson wanted a coach to be run between Clermont and the Aramac, which elicited from Mr. Thorn the sug gestion that the member for Clermont had some old yarramen to get rid of. Everybody wanted increased mail services. Some wanted coaches, others bonce, while a few would not object to donkeys. Mr. Walah wanted a post master for the district of Warrego who would assume the title of the Warrego Postmaster- General. He tried hard to draw Mr. Douglas, but all bis facers were unavailing. Douglas was run down, and refused to wind himself up. Mr. Stevenson, who was evidently spoiling for a fight, administered a back-hander to the Premier on his wire-pulling propensities, and wanted to know who ordered the Rockhampton telegraph master to wire down Buzaoott's speech. Mr. Thorn would not answer for a long time, but judicious worrying caused >»*tn to blurt out the truth, which he immediately repented, but it was too late. Mr. Palmer fixed, him and badgered him for a few minutes, until the ques tion of the £6000 compensation to Mr. P. F. Macdonald came on, when he gave the Attorney- General two h<wd bitter nuts to crack. He asked him to show cause why he and P. F. Maodonald should not be prosecuted for trying to obtain money under false pretences. The Attorney- General and a dozen or so members made some tremendous Bpeeob.es on this occasion, and Mr. Macdonald's ears must have been pretty hot, considering the way in which his character was mauled. lam not clear that he was not placed lower on the social scale than Messrs. Mataon and Byrne. In the midst of Mr. Palmer's most telling Bpeech, a loud snore from Mr. W. Scott caused him to look loftily down upon the offender, and forthwith a poate comitotu* of other members proceeded to violent remedies to rouse the sleeping lion. After thfa little episode, Mr. Amhurst, who had kept a messenger at boiling point by loading him with half the library, took possession of the ear of the House, or at least of what remained of it, and began some ponderous reading. As it was quite clear that the lively little gentleman had Bettled down for a night's work, ueveral members ad journed to pay a visit to the Koyal Illusionists. Mr. Walsh meanwhile had entered the House in a somewhat wearied fashion, aud without venturing across the floor, apparently com posed himself for sleep on the nearest bench outside. But to put down the ghost of poor old Banquo was not half so difficult as to put down the Objector-GeneraL Some instinct warned him that there was no quorum ; he shook off his slumbers with a superhuman effort, and, keeping an eye firmly fixed on his seat, made a bee-line for it He reached it, and gently mur mured : No quorum. Mr. Amhurst subsided. The bell was agitated, members trooped in; Amhurst on his feet again ; members trooped out again. Mr. Walsh again warbled: No quorum. Another triple bob-major, and the correct number of members came in, only to repeat the performance two or three times. At hut, overcome with political " beer and skittles/ most of the members pricked for the softest plank, and went cosily to sleep. Mr. Macrossan objected to the Colonial Secre tary snaffling the best camp on the Opposi tion benches, and Mr. Walsh insinuated that he had no right to assume a respect ability by sleeping in the enemy's camp, [Which he could not possibly hope to obtain*by any other means. The unwary Mr. Btewart cot up to speak to Mr. Macrossan s point of order, when the Utter gjentleman jumped the claim. Mr. Douglas questioned if the recumbent figure could really be the Colonial Secretary; ]fr. Walsh felt convinced it was a lay figure—a mere dummy. Meanwhile Mr. Groom had usurped the place of the Colonial Secretary on the Treasury benches, which suggested to Mr. Macrossan the idea that Groom should be gazetted next morning. Mr. Pechey now ap peared on the scene, propped on his umbrella, and, waving his hat wildly, proposed the adop tion of the "iron- hand" policy. All hands then went aft to splice the main brace. On resuming, everybody but Palmer was too drowsy to answer aye or no when the question was put, so the merry, little, red, fat man dipped into his twaddle again, and the rest of the crew either went to sleep or got picture-books out of the library. Amhurst, who was droning away, got his head clcse to the table, and Pechey called out, "Wake up, old boss, and keep your perpendicular," to which Amhurst cheerfully replied: " That's more than you can do; my buck, sometimes." The discussion then went on very good-humoredly, members refreshing themselves at the proper intervals, until the clock pointed a quarter to five a.m., when the Colonial Trea. surer snored ao loud that Mr. Palmer com plained be could not write, and a mes senger waa told off to keep the peccant financier awake. At last, members began to take off their boots, and go regularly to camp, lulled to sleep by the crooning dirge of the wake ful Amhurat. Mr. Palmer Bat grim and watch ful, paring his nails with perfect coolness. The messenger was constantly Bent round the House t > tickle the members' feet and wake them up wliuu there was a division. Mr. Amhurst's staying powers must bu a tretnendouß recommendation for him to the Opposition ; he kept the business going ;vll night, and talked against time like the clapper of a windmill. At five a.m. he was still talking, and then Mr. Stevenson laid hold of the ropes and "wired in." Q. Fabius looked very sleepy about this time, but the morning paper coming in, he became happy, until a watchful somebody called him to order for disobeying the Standing Orders by reading it. At 6.20 the Chairman, declaring he'd be hanged if he'd stand it any longer, went to " Bcent the morning air," and members took the opportunity to doze off again, and a snoring matinee musicate wag soon being performed in Z flat The Premier's head must be tolerably hard, as he snoozed away comfortably pil lowed on a law book. The Attorney-General was more soft-headed, he reclining luxuriously on a cushion which Amhurat filched from the sleeping Premier, and of which Griffith in his turn deprived Amhurst. A division was shortly afterwards called, and members who had ad journed to the lavatory came in with towels and hair brushes, completing their toilet. At 7.30 a.m. Mr. Dickaon moved the Chairman out of the chair. The vote had not been agreed to, and the House staggered away to Bleep off the effects of ito diosipation until Monday next. 