Childhood of the World. PART II. XXIV.—BELIEF IN MAGIC AND WITCHCRAFT. BY EDWARD CLODD, F.R.A.S. IN the desire to ward off these unwelcome ghosts, man has made use of charms and magic arts and tricks of different sorts. And there have always been those who, shrewder than the rest, have traded on the f ears of the weak and timid, and professed to have power over the spirits, or such influence with them as to drive them away by certain words or things. Medi cine-man, rain-makera, wizards, conjurors, and Borceren, these have abounded everywhere ; and even among us now there are found, under other names, people who think they have power with the unseen and know more about the unknown than has ever been or will be given to man to find out in this life. This belief in magical arts, which is so firmly rooted among the lowest tribes of mankind, has only within the last two hundred yeare died out among civilised people, and even lingers still in out-of-the-way places among the foolish and ignoiont, who are always ready to see a miracle in everything that they cannot understand. Out of it grew the horrid belief in witchcraft, through which it is reckoned nine millions of people have been burned ! Witchcraft Bpread with a belief in the devil, who, being looked upon as. the. enemy of God and man, was re garded as the eaute of all the evil in the world, which he worked either by himself or by the aid of agents. It was held that persons had Bold themselves to him, he in return promising that they should lack nothing and should, have power to torment man and woman and child and beast, it anyone, therefore, felt strange pains—if any sad loss came—it was the unholy work of witches. It wm they who caused the withering storm ; the ruin to the crops ; the sudden death of the cattle ; and when anyone pined away in sickness, it was because some old witch had cast her evil eye upon him, or made a waxen image of him and set it before the fire, that the sick man might waste away as it melted The creatures who were charged with thus being in league with the devil were sought for among helpless old women. To have a wrinkled lace, a hairy lip, a squint eye, a hobbling gait, a squeaking, voice, a scolding tongue; to live alone: these were thought proofs enough, and to such miserable victims torture was applied so cruelly that death was a welcome release. : 