' The Chinese Legend. under tins heading, Mr Dixon desonDca ,. ... ' low Chinese'immigrationon itTargo scale) is ' condncted: — ) . , The Chinefo legend enrrent in Snn Fran cisco is n littl?: wild : ranking the Chinese in. ii. . America n mere gang of bondsmeD,! owned \- by the Six C'nnipanies, and governed by an Asiatic Yekni Gericht, Grnud Lodge or Conn- Oil of Ten, who wield a secret and myste- rious power, which neither male nor female can ctcapc, j Feeling sumo doubt as to ' "the truth of (his Chinese legend,) taken i as a v. hole, ' we ' seek | for light among persons wlio are likely io bnve ferreted ont M'"-' facts— officers of police and ministers of religion ; but for sevcrals weeks- , \ro search in vnin. The Chinese legend is in J-'' ! , book and mai-.izines, aud no one onres to ask .' bis noighbot.r whether that current legend bo true or false. — Af. Innrrfh" hv linlrt r\f Prtncnl UnAlsrti « I' approach the oiily people who liave surc ond '' -perfect knnwletlgu of the facts— tho upper " : 'class of resid.-ui Chinese. .. . Among the saiall group of rich and cdn- cate.d Chinc- e living iu San , Frnnoiso, - Leo "Wong, a rncruliaat of high standing and : approved iulc-pi ity, seems to be is man more . likely . than any other to give true answers to re.: - plain questions. Lee Wong happens' to L'e under oligntion to our excellent Consul, for :r" certain go d .-flices in connection with his ..bnsinees. He is witling to pay.some portion " " "of his debt, hy riving us any information wo may seek. !!'- t hernfore ask him to a con- — fcr(jr,Cu-at ti1(. Consulate. He comes at tho appointed hour, and afterformal compliments We seat him in 11 chair, so that the majesty of Queen Victoria's face may beam Into his ' Asiatic eyes. I . , ' ' W.-" I yon I13 kiud enough to tell tts, Lee . "Wong, nb.-iul Hie Six Companies V I 'Six Compuniisl Your people make I mistakes ahont these Companies. We have, ia fact, Five Companies, not six. Tho body called by you the Six Company iB n com mittee of management and arbitration, a local body,, living in America, and ) charged with looking after business on the Pacific coast. The Five Companies have their seats in China, and aro known by the localities in which their members live. Thsso five' Com. panics are— 1. NingYung ; 2 KivorigOhnw; 3\. Hop Wo ; 4. Sam Yep; 6.. Yung Wo. These five companies collect the .emigrants carry them to Canton and Hong-Kong, mako all arrangements for their transport,1 and see them put on board the mails. The Sixth Company (or committee) sits in Snh Fran cisco, where its functions aro to rcceivo the emigrants 011 their arrival, and to see that all their contrscts and obligations aretsnrricd out, » " Will-you explain tons these contracts and obligations 7" " Y'es ; but will you put yourselves in our place, nnd see the truth iu a good light 7 The Mclicnns callus heathen, but wo have our rr»15r»lrkn » nvirl nil w r nl 1 rr(rtn 10' Ttrtf_ flip I Melican religion, only for those who like and only when, they like. Our religion' is for while we live aud after we die. So, when the Companies agree to bring a man over to California, that isone thing ; when they agree to take his ashes back to China, that is another thing. You see 7 The agreement to bring him over is contract ; the agreement to carry his ashes back is an obligation." " Are all your passengers placed Under the same kind of bond 7' ' Not all. We have two classes on our lists: first — such ns come over in our debt, and under bond to us ; second, such as pay tlicir own faros in'Hong Kong nnd land in San Frnncisco free. We have. 'a contract with the first class only ; but we have our obliga tions towards the second class also, since we nic bound to cniry them back in case' of death." " Tell us how you begin'your labor. Where do you fmd the people to come over 7" " The Five Companies Bind their agentsitp and down tho provinces, both near the tea and far in land, to tell poor people, who are pinched; for rico , and tea, of the great msrkot8 which are opening for their labor 'in California, Oregon, and Nevadn. Of course they talk big. Melican talk big ; Chinaman talk bigger than Melican. These agents says the hills are mado of silver, and the rivers run with gold. Tboy ' oiler help giving passes to suoli persons as care to move. They find all means of transport ; here by road, there by river I doing things so' well — having plenty of rich men to help- that they bring a man to the coast in carts and bonis for Iesi money than lie could get along on foot. For five dollars they pick him up in his village, nnd carry him down to Hong-Kong. If he ia poor thoy take his bond for thoso five dollars, "supplying his nccdB in meat and drink, for which they take a second bond. When lie nrrives in Hong Kong they get his license and' secure his berth. The fare is forty-five dollars, which money thoy pay; also a landing fee of five Hnllnrn. which is rennld bv the Steam Com- I pany to our Committee in San Francisco. These five dollars pnid by tho Committeee go into the Dead Fund." " Then, as a rule, enohman who sails from Hong Kong to San Ernncineo is not merely a pauper, but a pledged debtor and bonds man 7" " Hiim 1 Chinaman-is used to all that — lie no care ; ho work hard and save much money. Then he go free." " How much, on an average, ia the amount of his debt when he lands 7" "From first to last a common passenger pay his Company ninety or a hundred dollars. All this money he will have to workout." "Before ho bpcomes his own master— before he can do ns)he likes 7" ' Of coarse, before he does as he likse, he must redeem his bonds." "Do the Five Companies in China take his personal bond, trusting to the Sixth Com- pany in San Francisco to', get their money back f" " They take a family bond bb tyell. In China, every man has some one — father uncle, brother — who is ready to give) pledges. We nre not like Melicans. Our, family system makes it easy to obtain such bonds, for every member of n family has his pi nee in a sacred line, ascending and descending in a series from the first man to the last. If there be house and land, we take a lien on house and land, the family giving us a mortgage and allowing us interest at the rate of twenty-four or thirty-Bix per qeBt," "Good interest?" "Yes; it is a trade and as a trade wo mako it pay. If an emigrant has neither house nor land, we ask the personal security of his father, and grandfather; Uisnnaestors being the most- sacred things a Chinese man can pledge, We charge more interest when the security is only pcrsonnl 7 Yes, we charge ten |dollnrs a month in place of two. Yet these securi ties seldom fall, 1 Of course, we run some risk. Our man may die ; worse sti'l. he may fall Bick ; worst of all, K6 may commit a crime. If sent to gaol, hiB work is lost.; Agnin, his bond may turn out had, But every business has a lucky and unlucky turn.", . " A man with such a debt as you describe is virtuallg a slave?" .. " Iu Canton, yes; in San Francisco, Jno. Wo never use such words. We nre his masters and parents. Wo rcceivo him on landing in to our two great societies in San Francisco — the Wing Yung ond the Fook Ting ToBg — whertf ho ia watched over in ,life and death." " What arc these great toc'etics of Wing Yung and Fook Ting Tong 7" Wing Yung is our living office, near the county jail. When the ships arrive we bring our people to Wing Yung, where we lodge tbcm, feed them, nnd hire them out. Fcok Ting Tong is ' our Dead Office, in Laurel Hill Cemetery, where .we lay tho ashes of our people till they can be sent home to China.' 1 Do mnny of your bondmen run awny 7 1 They cannot run away. They have no food, no money. They spoak no English words; thoy know no Melican magistrates. Nearly all the people in San Franciice think them bad men— paupers, convicts, and rebels. No family will engage n Chinaman unless we give him a character and guarantee his conduct.- So they have to stay with us, or die in tho streets. We let them out on hire, receiving their wages, and giving them so much a month to Jive on— till our debts are paid.' 'About the escond class— the men who pay their own fares, nnd come on their own account— are they on landing free from your contiol ?' ' Fres from the Sixth Company V 1 Yes : are they free from all control, save that of the American-courts?' ' They pay the Company five dollars each nq a landing-fee. This fee they nre com pelled to pny, beoauso thoy cannot land without our leave.' ' Then, your company linvo some authority over eveiy man who comes from Hong Kong nnd lands in this port 7' ' We have the moral obligation to restore liis bones to China ; so we tax him five dol lars on his landing — to be safe. Unless wo give liira our certificate, the Pacific Mail Company will not let him come on shore. That contrnctis made by the Five Compnnies with the Mail Company. When a passenger has paid his fee, he is at liberty to leave his ship— but not till he enn show that ho has paid this fee, in either gold or bonds.' ' You keep an eyo on hira afterwards, much as you keep nn eve ou your bond-servant V ' The same. We keep an eye on every one. Who else would care about his bones V ' You havo your own police and magis- irateo 7' , i' . 'We have our spies and head-men eveiy- where. In San Francisco; wo. have many 1 spies. It is thought a good thing to he a spy; a bad thing to be a ghost. A spy serves the Chinese, a ghost serves tho Melicans, By means of those : spies and boad-men we hear of what is going on in' every house: We know every man's name, and where ho is," ond and what, he is about. It is our duty : to.- fish, out things. Even when a man is dead, we have' to find his bones and send them homo. It not, he would be bulled aud forgotten like a dog.' .. ' Your Company is said to wield such secret powers that you can reach offenders In any place, and strike them down at auy moment, even under the eyes of. locol magistrates. For instance, I have heard that two of your people lived near Reno, in the Nevada Moun tains; that one of them broke some rule of tho Six Compnnies ; that his fellow received a hint to kill him ; and that he was put away so craftily that the crime has never yet been traced. Can such a tale be ti uc ?' ' Who knows 7 Some Chinnmcn good, some had. Melicai law make bad. men worse. In Hong Kong if you kill a man, you will l- 3. bung, whether you have plenty money or not. Money makes no difference.- In San Frnncisco, you kill a man ; if you- have plenty money, yon get off. That is not good law. Hoi a, tc-3, all soits cf secret moieties are allowed. In China, only bad men enter iuto Masonic lodges ; rogues and rebels who want to change tho dynasty, and destroy tile faith. These secret societies are. all put down by mandarins. Here the bad Chinamen start a lodge. Wo ask the Molicans to put them down. They answer that tlie law allows Masonic lodges. That bad law. Tho Sixth Company has to put them down,' ' You seem to exercise the power of a Vigi lant Committee ?' 'No ; we have no secret powers. We only have our bonds nnd mortgages, the sway which those who lend money have on their debtor. All beyond is moral force — and the two great socictka of Wing Yung and Fook Ting Tong. Chinese ourselves, we under stand enr brethren jhavine tho D«m. „ pious rites, the same famify scntwV the poorest followers of Tao and Buddha'' authority lies in our control of H, J Dead Fund. A man who might not atnn ® murder, would shrink;from vexing.a tribunal Iwnes'to HongKong J ' U Sendin8' Ws 1 v suk delay frequent?' » «orii;'.r.Lr5, ?» » ' Nn? v?!e n VC89ela of you own 7' EngliBh ships, nnd English Jni"'!, " carry bones. It is no part of their refill 0 was- buricd.on tb «»' Your people all go back ?' Yea, all good people. Here nnfi u some Tartar rasenls, having no vcgnJ /' ' Still you aro pouring in 7' - ' Yes ; more and more ; each seKon mo than ever. Last year five thousand 1? ? year thirteen thousand ; next vcar tweni five thousand— perhaps. In JMica, rricnt land, not much peoplo , in -China) n? '! peoplo, not much laud ;bo Chinamen lik?/5 they'diej g ,0 0hi Tie ntw fashions.— Tho style- for M; wm.er dresses are be-.utiful, -j „rr0 'j'" that hoops are again coinie,. in but n0 cred t k. To dress in good tssto one should « vide amolo protec ion against (uddon c.narmli the weather, if, howevo.-, jou contract a 2d make to delay m securing a g o t , ' Should our friends ask' our advico, we say, unhesitatingly, that the best specific for „ . momc disordoiB lis that standad old m£, modiciu Halls Balsam, it is plea suP <Z, snd dore Us work faithfull . 1 " lo ltk 