Humour. THE GREAT COOLEY INQUEST. My neighbour William Cooley had a bro ther named Thomas, who lived at a place called Vandyke, in New Castle county. Thomas Cooley was, in some respects, a very remarkable man. He was gifted with genius, but it was genius of an impracti cable kind. He was an inventor, and during the later years of his life he de voted all his time to the work of construct ing surprising machines which would never do anything when they were con structed.- Down at the patent office they got so at last that when a hew model and specifica tions would come along from Cooley, the commissioner and clerks would grant him a patent on the spot, for they knew, from a rich and generous experience, that when Cooley invented anything it was perfectly certain to be unlike any other contrivance ever conceived by the mind of fallen man; and they were aware, at any rate, that nobody who was sane enough to be at large would ever want to interfere with Cooley’s exclusive right, to pin together such a bewildering and useless lot of cranks and anxles and wheels. I think Cooley had about two hundred patents of various kinds ; and besides the machines and dodges thus protected by law, he owned scores of others which were never heard of in Washington or anywhere else but at Cooley’s home. Cooley luul a kind of “ den” of Ids own in the garret. He used to shut himself up in this for hours together while he per fected his inventions or conducted his chemical investigations. His last idea was that he could put together a compound which would rule gunpowder out of the market, and make the destruction of armies and navies comparatively easy. And so, for a time, Mrs. Cooley, while bustling about in the vicinity of the den, instead of hearing the buzz and hum of wheels and the click of the hammer, would sniff terrific smells, evolved by the irre pressible Cooley from the contents of his laboratory. And one day there came a fearful explosion. The roof was tom off and reduced to splinters, and Thomas Cooley had disappeared. Vandyke, as 1 have said, is in New Castle county, Delaware, but it is also close to the boundary line between Dela ware and the counties of Cecil and Kent, in Maryland. And so it was not surprising when, a few minutes after the explosion, persons in all three of the counties perceived fragments of a demoralised and disinte grated human being tumbling from the air. Thu pieces of the unhappy victim of the disaster were unevenly distributed be tween New Castle, Cecil, and Kent. The first named got twelve of the fragments. There were persons who thought Cooley might have showed even greater partiality for his own county, but I do not blame him ; he was in a measure controlled by circumstances. I think the friends of the coroner com plained with greatest bitterness. He was an enthusiastic coroner. He had been known, when one of Dr. Tobias Jones’s relatives returned from Egypt with a mummy embalmed fifteen hundred years before the Christian era, to seize that ancient subject of Pharaoh and summon a jury and sit upon it, and brood over it and think. And it is rumoured that he put that jury up to bringing in a verdict, “ The death of the deceased ensued from cause or causes unknown, at the hands of persons also unknown.” His enemies at the next election openly asserted that he charged the county with the usual fee, with compound interest from the time of Moses. So of course when Thomas Cooley went up, he wasn't sorry ; and the more Cooley was scattered over New Castle county, the more serene and affable the coroner felt. When he selected las jury and looked around him a little in order to command the situation, he perceived that Cooley had put into his hands a tolerably good thing. The coroner spent the next three days holding an inquest upon each of the twelve fragments of the deceased. He empanelled a new jury every time, and then proceeded cautiously and deliberately in each case. There was by no means complete una nimity of opinion. The first jury decided that “ the deceased met his death by being struck by something sudden.” The se cond one advanced the theory that “ Tho mas Cooley was surreptitiously and insi diously blowed apart.” The others threw out suggestions respecting the probability that the trouble came from Cooley’s well known weakness for Hying machines, or from his being lifted out and cut up by some kind of a hurricane. Once the jury decided not to bring in a verdict, but merely to pass resolutions of regret. And the coroner would sit there over the particular piece of Cooley in question, and smile and permit these manifestations of generous feeling to have full play. It didn’t perplex him that all the verdicts, differed. “ Truth,” he remarked to a friend, is well enough. But as Cooley is certainly dead, what’s the odds if we can’t agree as to what killed him? Let us collect our fees and yield with Christian resignation to destiny.” It was always interesting to me to hear that coroner converse upon the subject of resignation. He would rather have died than to have resigned while any of the Cooleys were in town inventing explosive compounds. The Cecil county coroner discovered six pieces of the deceased ■within his jurisdic tion, but his pride would not permit him to yield the supremacy in such a matter to his rival over the line.' The New Castle man had twelve inquest, and so would.he, with more besides. And his juries used to go out and consult and oome in after a vwhile with a majority, report, declaring, .perhaps, that deceased/was killed by fool ing with some sort ofay giuq| and a mino rity report insisting that lie ohad been' murdered and dissected by Amedical stu-' dent or students unknown. And then the coroner would disband the inquest and drum up a fresh jury, which would also 'disagree, until out of those six fractions of poor old Cooley the coroner got thirty-seven deliberations, with the attendant fees. And every time the doctors would testify ' that post-mortem examinations revealed the fact that the inside of the deceased was crammed with fragments of the Latin language, and in variably the jurors would sit there and try to look as if they understood those terms, although a dim. impression pre vailed most of the time that the physi cians were indulging recklessly in profa nity. And when a relative of Cooley’s testified before the thirty-seventh jury that “Tho mas Cooley was a man of marked idiosyn crasies, and his brain was always excited by his irresistible fondness for chimeras of various kinds,” the jury: looked solemn and immediately brought in a verdict that “ death was caused by idiosyncrasies form ing on his brain in consequence of exces sive indulgence in chimeras, thus supplying an awful warning to the young to refrain from the use of that and other intoxicat ing beverages.” Only two pieces fell'in Kent county, but the coroner was animated by even greater professional enthusiasm than his neighbours across the border. He spent the entire season over as much of Cooley as he could reach. All his juries but one disagreed, and.he. had eighty-four. The sixth would have been unanimous, but for an obstinate man named Selfridge. All the others were for a verdict of myste rious butcheryq but Selfridge insisted upon attributing the disaster to nitro-glycerine. So earnest was he that he fought over the subject with a fellow-juryman named Smith ; and he held Smith down and re monstrated with him, and showed him the matter in different lights, and bit his nose to convince Smith that the nitro- glycerine hypothesis was correct. And when the jury was discharged, Selfridge, true to his solemn convictions, carried the war into the papers, and published an obituary poem entitled “ A Monody on the Death of Thomas Cooley," in which he presented his views in this fashion : “ When Cooley got his glycerine all pro perly' adjusted, He knocked it unexpectedly', and suddenly it busted ; And when it reached old’ Thomas C. he got up quick and dusted, • And loft his wife and family disheartened • and disgusted.” It was discovered that one of the bones of the deceased had fallen directly across the boundary line between Cecil and Kent. As soon as the fact was reported, the coroner of Kent rallied a jury upon his end; and just as the proceedings were about to begin, the Cecil coroner arrived with a jury for the purpose of abending to his share of the work. While the au thorities of Kent mused at one end of the bone, the jurymen of Cecil reflected at the other end, and the result was that each brought in an entirely different ver dict. But they were unanimous on the question of the collection of fees. In all there were thirteen or fourteen conflicting verdicts tendered, and so some uncertainty prevailed as to the precise cause of Cooley’s death. Men’s minds were unsettled, and their conclusions were de moralised, in the presence of so much official authority of an indecisive kind. But nobody mourned these differences. They were a a blessing for the people of the counties. Almost every man in the neighbourhood had had a turn at Cooley’s remains, and some of them had served on the juries six or seven times. The farmers all bought new mowing-machines that spring until their fees. The doctors col lected more money'for post-mortem exa minations than they would have done in a time of an epidemic of small-pox and sudden death. People fixed up their houses and paid off mortgages and laid in their pork and started groceiy stores and gave hops out of tire profits of Cooley'’s explo sion. And there were men who cherished a wish that Cooley could be put together again and exploded once a month for the next decade. But thafof course was im possible. One day when the tide of prosperity was at its height, the widow Cooley' per ceived a wagon driving up to her door. The man within the vehicle dismounted, and unloaded four pieces of iron pipe sixty’ feet long. Presently another wagon arrived, and this driver also unloaded the same quantity of pipe. Then a third driver arrived and did the same thing. Then a fourth came, and Sirs. Cooley' saw a man in it with a queer-looking object by T him. It proved to be Thomas Cooley himself. Thomas had been up to the city at a machine-shop getting up a working model of a new kind of a patent duplex elliptic artesian pump ; and now he was liome again. The remains scattered over the counties were—so Cooley said—merely a lot of beef with which he had been try ing to make a new kind of portable soup and an improved imperishable army saus age ; and the explosion, he thought, must have been caused by spontaneous combus tion. ■ Thomas Cooley' would have been happy after all, but for one thing—everybody outside of his own family refused to recognise him as a living man. If he was I willing to move about in the community' in the character of an unburied corpse, the people would agree not to interfere and not to insist upon his burial ; but that was as far as they could go conscien tiously'. Their duty to society', their obli gations to the law, compelled them to reject the idea that he was anything more than inanimate remains. He was officially dead. The fact had been declared under oath by hundreds of jurymen, and it was registered in the records of two States and three counties. The testimony was over whelmingly against him. To admit that j he was still alive would be dangerous, it would be revolutionary'. The foundations I of society would be shaken, the majesty of the law would suffer insult, the fabric of republican government would be under mined. If a being who was legally only a mere cadaver was to be permitted to strut out inlo daylight, and to urge inccn diary theories about the condition of his vital spark, nothing would be safe ; there would be no guarantee that the cemeteries would not unload, and that all of the de parted would not bo crowding out and wanting to vote. Besides, if it was ad mitted that Cooley was y'et alive, all the money that had been earned by' the jury men, all the fees that had been charged by coroners would have to be returned to the j county treasuries. The people were aghast j at the thought. The coroners entered into a solemn compact to persist in ignoring Cooley, or to regard him merely as an absurd and very indelicate goblin who had behaved in a manner wholly unworthy' of a ghost with gentlemanly instincts. They declared publicly that' they could not admit that Cooley was alive, unless there.' should be a'gcneral resurrection in the States of Delaware and Maryland, and until 'that time arrived, they considered that the best thing Cooley could do would be to select a sepulchre somewhere and creep into it and behave. v 