The Argus PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am In tho placo whoro I am domondod of consclenco to apeak the truth, and, therefore, tho truth I speak, Impugn It whoso list," TO CORRESPONDENTS. i Letters anti other communications intended for in« I eertton In the news columna should bo addroeaod to I TUB EDITO... No notice can bo taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must bo accompanied by the name and ad du MI of the writer, not ii oc casar Uy for publication, but »a a guarantee of good faith, Rejected communications cannot be return od under any circumstances whatever. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persona In toroa tod we have to request that all busin ra g communion. tiens, including advertisements, orders for the ; paper, and remittances, bo addroeseà to WILSON and MACKINKON, and not to TOB EDITOR. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY V2,im. The issue between the Government and the Opposition has now boon clearly expressed, and no time should be lost in bringing matters to a crisis. It ia evident that nothing can be gained by delay, whilo on the other hand every day wasted in useless discussion must necessarily add to the public loss and inconvenience. Directly the Govern- ment business was called on last night in the Assembly, Mr. BERRY rose and expressed his regret that the Premier had not thought fit to favour the House with a statement of his in- tentions. The hon. gentleman con- sidered it necessary to recapitulate the whole of his arguments in favour of a dissolution. Be neither added to nor lessened the force of what he has ad- vanced on previous occasions. He asserted, with an assurance which is simply absurd, that the tone and temper of the country are such that the Ministry must recognise the impossi- bility of carrying on business without a dissolution. He stated that not one, nor half a dozen, of the constituencies had disapproved of the financial scheme of the Government, but that the entire country was opposed to it. We are at a loss to know where the bon. member for Geelong West got his information. He tells us that the various public meetings that have been got up by his supporters represent the voice of the country. Of course, if it amuses him to continuo making this statement, no one would be cruel enough to deny him the harmless recreation ¡ but we ob- ject to his acting on such a fallacious belief. The country will show him soon enough how little sympathy it has with his attempts at self-aggrandise- ment, and he would do well to await its verdict with patience instead of seeking to force it He is good enough to say that the intention of the Government to frus- trate the attempt of an insolent minority to obstruct the business of the country, unless matters be managed in accord- ance with its views, can only lead to a waste of time. It appears to us, how- ever, that time could not be better spent than in showing once and for all that while a minority has a perfect right to dis- cuss any question that may arise, it is not justified in opposing the will of the majority when legitimately expressed. We ourselves, and thoBe who think with us, have suffered various things atsundry times at the hands of tyrannical majori- ties, but we have never questioned their right to give effect to their polioy so long as they have confined themselves within the limits of the Constitution. Our charge against the Opposition at pre- sent is, that it is endeavouring to upset the institutions of the country. Self government is only possible so long as those who carry it on are content to act'with the necessary forbearance, and to abstain from pushing their legal rights to extremes. Mr. BERRY and his friends are doing their utmost to render it impossible. The people would do well to consider Mr. WRIXON'S remarks on this point with that attention which their weight and importance deserve, | If, said the bon. member for Belfast, the Opposition should succeed in its design of obstructing all business until its demands have been complied with, and tho country should aftorwards endorse its action, there will be an end to our form of government, for not only will a precedent be thuB furnished which will justify such obstruction in the future, but a rule will be laid down to the effect that any half-dozen mem- bers who may object to any proposals submitted to the House, aro bound to place every obstacle in the way of their acceptance! They will simply have to imagine thatthe opinion of the country ia in favour of their crotchets, in order to secure a complete justification for their conduct. We do not need to point out that, whenever this view of a member's duty becomes general, Parliamentary government must become a thing of the past. I We may congratulate Sir JAMES M'CULLOCU on the firm stand he haa taken. Without any beating about the bush, ho told Mr. BERRY that he had not made any statement, simply because he had no intention of making any alteration in his programme. His desire waa to go on with the busi- ness of the country ; and so long as he commanded a majority in tho House, he had not the slightest intention of allowing the Opposition to dictate his course. He stated what is evident to everyone who is not desirous of rushing into office, that tho House must, for all practical purposes, be taken as representing the country. It ia not yet two years old, and there is no reason to suppose that it is not in accord with the constituencies. If Parliament were to be dissolved every time it suitod the convenience of a number of office hunters to declare that it has lost the confidence of the people, what possi- bility would there be of its doing useful work, or exerciaing aD independent judg- ment 1 All these reasons for strenuously opposing the attempt now being made by the faction of which Mr. BERRY is the head, to impose ita will upon the country, aro BO obvious that we almost owe an apology to our readers for bringing thom again under their notice. The imminence of tho danger, however, to which our insti- tutions are exposed at present must be our excuse. The Premier, in alluding to Mr. BEERY'S threat of withholding supplies, very significantly said that this was a Bubject on which tho majority would have something to say. Now, it ap- pears to us that the Government could not do better than ask for a Supply Bill at once. Money has only been granted to cover the expenditure up to the end of December, and there can be no doubt as to the urgency of the need for additional funds. Such a course would have the offect of bringing matters to a climax at once. If the Opposition should bo successful in virtually closing tho Treasury, the country would speedily be induced to scrutinise its tactics with the severity they deserve. On the other hand, if the Government should be able to demonstrate its ability to mako the revenue legally available in spito of all obstruction, the attitude of the Oppo- sition would be shown to bo as con- temptible in fact as it i« ?"» theory. Once morn *v° would pro- test ogalnst aDy further delay in bringing matters to a definite issue. Ihe Government has shown great for- bearance, and given every opportunity to the misguided men, who are now about to throw the affairs of the country into confusion, to " consider thoir ways " and be wise." If we must have a constitutional struggle, the sooner it ia begun the sooner it will bo over. Wa have no fear as to the result. At the Messrs. EOBERTSON'S sale on Fri- day last, "Boan Duchess" fetched 2,200 guineas, which must have been highly gratifying to her personal vanity if sha has any, and if the transaction was made clear to her understanding. The price was a magnificent one. Taking the heifer at 4501b. live weight, she brought £5 per lb. avoirdupois, hide, horns, and hoofs included. The gross amount realised at the sale-an annual sale, bo it observed-was above thirty thousand pounds, and it was the means of gather- ing together from the various Austra- lian colonies and Kew Zealand no fewer than 700 people. Irrespective of the high price which Boan Duchess realised, the Colac Bale was an important public event which deserves prominent notice in our columns. And all the more that it can be made a hook on which to hang a useful political reflection. But before coming to that wo have something to say in regard to the economic effects of the very high prices now ruling for pedigree stock. There are many people who argue that it is all nonsense-that your several thousand pounds bulls and heifers are not worth a tenth of the money paid for them. Others again hold that the purchase of very high-priced stock is a more fad, a caprice, which doeB no harm so long as it is practised by dukes and earls, or by retired bankers or cotton spinners of fabulous wealth, but whioh graziers and farmers who must live by their calling should studiously avoid. Some of the English agricultural papera take this view, and chronicle every suc- cessive rise in the price of pedigree Btock in so melancholy a strain that the public, were it to accept their dicta, would incontinently conclude that tho prevailing desire to possess high class cattle was nothing less than a dangerous national mania. Let us sea how the matter really Btands. For one thing, speculation in pedigree stock usually pays the Bpeou lator j otherwise it would not be per Bevered in as it is by men who cannot afford to indulge in expensive whims, but conduct the» operations in stook wholly on business principles. Those speculators get together a stud stook, and derive from it for many years a revenue probably greatly in excess of what the money invested would have realised in any other reasonably safe business. Next come the buyers of young bulls and heifers of aristocratic lineage. These know quite well what they are about when they give one oi two thousand guineas for a bull They know that the effect will be to raise the character of their entire stock within a few years by tho money value of £3 a bead, which is a very tangible aug- mentation of the income of the man who has three or four thousand bullocks for sale every year. And an infusion of new and better blood does even more than this. Improved etook becomes mature one or two years earlier than unimproved, and the grazier who is en- terprising enough to introduce it into his herd sells his cattle to the butcher at three or four years old, whereas his lesa spéculative neighbour must keep his till they aro five or six. Crediting buyers of pedigree stud-stock with a fair measure of business sagacity, the fact that they go on buying is a sufficient proof thal the oporation pays, even if it were not sufficiently plain to see how and why it pays, as we have just shown it to do. High as are the prices obtained for Boan Duchesses and Beyal Butterflies and Montebellos, there is not the slightest reason to sup- pose that the brisk trade now going on in animals of this class is otherwise than perfectly safe and legitimate. Another aspect of the case has yet to be glanced at. Some people are in- duced to think that when a breeder sells a beast at the rate of £5 per lb. .weight, while beef just about as good for table purposes, and which it took ?quite its much grass to produce, is worth no moro than 3d. a pound, ho ob- tains somehow an unfair ftilvautuga that ho enjoys in aome way that " un " earned increment" which it frightens some people oven to think about. But we submit that he gets no more than his foresight and enterprise have fully entitled him to. If he makes large profits, so also do thoae who deal with him ; and nobody is any the poorer. If one acre of ground can be made to rear a thousand-guinea bull-calf, while another acre only keeps a £3 bullock or cow, the colony is so much the richer, and no one is injured to tho «extent of a farthing. Unquestionably our trade in pedigree stock is a very advantageous one. The skill and enterprise of our breeders have combined to make Victoria the head quarters of Australasian cattle- breeding—the nursery from which young bulls and heifers are sent out to im- prove the herds of the whole of Aus- tralia and New Zealand. And it would not be so easy for Victoria to maintain the proud position she has ac- quired in this respect if there were no big estates. The Messrs. ROBERTSON'S thirty thousand pounds' sale we hold to be of much more national importance than the establishment of a dozen of Collingwood boot factories, which could not keep going except for the state aid they enjoy, and which do little but foster larrikinism while they last. This sale would not have been possible if there had been no large estates. No doubt it will be said in reply, by Loyal Liberals, that it is extremely criminal in the Messrs. ROBERTSON to have reared "Roan Duchess" on land that would have maintained human beings; but there is abundance of land in the colony for the occupation of human beings without grudging her the acre or so that brought her up. And she earned more for the colony during the brief term of her existence than would have been earned by several families—she added more to the capital stock of the colony and its wages fund than they could possibly have done. In every aspect in which it can be viewed, Messrs. ROBERTSON'S sale is matter for felicitation on national grounds, and we congratulate them and the public accordingly. The American boot and shoe manufac- turer is protected by a duty of from 30 to 35 por cent. ; in tho interests, of course, of native industry. Not that the capitalist is very anxious about tho matter on his own account, but only on that of tho working man. Ho is the atalking-horse, behind which the mono- polist everywhere makos ruo stealthy ap- proaches to the public Treasury. " What " Bhall wo do with our boys ¡" is a ques- tion which disturbs the mind of the Amorioan just as it does that of the Aus- tralian patriot ; and tho only solution of it is to próvido employment for theao boya in factories subsidised by the state. Therefore, the boot and shoo manufacturers of the United States enjoy a protection, as we have said, of from 30 to 35 per cont. against what thoy superciliously stigmatise as "thepaupor " labour" of Great Britain. The Govern- ment fulfils ita part of the contract, but do the cordwainers fulfil theirs? Wo grieve to be obliged to answer the ques- tion in the negative. They purchase their labour In the cheapest market they can find, and displace tho nativo artisan by the Heathen Chinee. Out of 200 liands omployod in a shoe factory at North Adams, 93 aro young Chinamen. Thoy aro engaged for three yoara at twenty-six dollars a month. They manage to livo on nine, and tho overplus thoy send home. In throo years 75 of thom had remittod to China an avo rago of 800 dollars each, and whon thoir timo Is up tlieso Asiatio work- men return home, and relays o£ their countrymen are imported by a Chinese firm in San Francisco, the influx of those plodding frugal foreigners being annually on tho inoreaso. The wages of an Ame- rican shoemaker average 50 dollars a month, and his earnings are "kopt in ?" tho country." How tho protected manufacturers of tho United States manage to reconcile this sort of conduct with thoir professions of zeal for tho ?cause of "native industry" we cannot iindortako to explain. Wo merely re- late the facts, and loavo our readors to draw their own conclusions. His Excellency Sir Geo. Bowen will land at Sandridge from the s s. Wentworth about «alf-poot 9 o'clock on Friday morning. The nielson will ure a salute and man yards, and E.M.S. Dido will aleo man yards. His Ei icelloncy will be received by a guard of iouour, and the Acting-Governor and some »embers of the Ministry will also meet him on his arrival. The members of the Legislative Assembly «net yesterdoy for the first time since the .ChriBtinas receBs, and in apparently precisely the Bame temper as before the adjournment aor the holidays. As far as the business of tthe country is concerned, the sitting was a perfectly barren one. Mr. Tucker gavonotice of his intention to move, on Thursday, his «esolution affirming the desirability of a dis- solution ; and the House having gone into committee on the proposed new taxes, Mr. 33erry submitted that it was useless to pro ^ed rurtller until th« motion for a dissolu- I ?won had been dealt with. Sir Jas, M'Culloch 1 ïomted out the absurdity ol disonssing * proposition of this kind, when the Oppo. «ition would not consent to be bound by ?»he result of the division upon it. It woe 4he determination of the Government to pro -«sed with tho bnsineBS, and if hon. mern, wrs oppoBito desired to waste time in .^iBcuseion, they would have to do all the ?talking themselves. Mr. Wrixon considered *"* ft« question raised wai one as to «nether *re were .to abandon self-govern ment altogether. If the polier announce by the Opposition succeeded in the Honst ttnd was afterwards endorsed hy the country it would be a conclusive proof that the colon Was not adequately ready for self-govern inent, Mr. Htglnbotbam submitted the tbo question of a dissolution was on which was entitled to be formal! discussed, though he refrained fron expressing any opinion on the cours token by hon. members on the front Oppoai tion bench. After some remarks from Hi Gillies and Mr. Campbell, Major Smith, Mi Woods, and Mr. GaunBon spoke agains time until balf.past 11 o'clock. The motloi to report progress waa then negatived, on i division, by a majority of 32 votes to 16, bu the Government consented to the adjourn ment of the House. Every effort will ni doubt be made by the Opposition members t< protract the debate on Mr. Tucker's motioi to the utmost extent. An irregular discussion on the rcsidencf clause of the Land Act of 1869 arose in th< Legislative Assembly yeaterday afternoon, upon a question asked by Mr. MacBaiu. Mr, Gillies said he had followed the rules laid down by the hon. member for Manduranf when in office, that in coses where a person resided on an adjoining allotment and culti- vated his selection, it would be a hardship te compel him to remove his homestead to the other side of the fence or road, as the case might be. In bona fide cases he had con. sidered residence within Ave miles of the selection as compliance with the act. As a rule, residence was strictly complied with. Several hon. members asserted that the boa. member for Mandurang, when in office, had ignored the residence provision, and Mr. Cosey gave notivo of his intention to move for the production of the papers relating to the cases referred to. The Premier and the leader of the Op. position both referred in the Legislative AeBombly yeaterday in terms of deep ro gret to the death of the Hon. Michael O'Grady. As his death did not occur, how evor, during the sittings of the House, and as the funeral had already taken place, it was not conaidered necessary to move the adjournment customary on the decease of a member. Mr. Higinbotham directed attention in the Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon to the delay in carrying into effect the resolu- tions of the House passed in December, 1874, on the subject of the salaries and the statua of teachers in State schools, and aaked when the regulations by which the amount of com- pensation to be paid to each teacher was to be ascertained would be presented. Mr. Ramsay replied that the present Government waa only responsible for two months of the delay referred to. The proper time to have the matter disposed of would be when the education vote came under consideration in committee. He would take caro that the regulations were placed in the hands of hon members before the vote came before the House. The report of the Education depart- ment would be preaented in a few days. Mr. Casey yesterday gave notice of his intention to move in the Legialative Assem- bly on Thuraday for leave to introduce a bill to amend the Electoral Act. It was elicited, in anawor to qucations by bon. members in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, that there was no necessity to issue fresh regulations for the distribution of the vote for parka and gardens ; that as soon aa the survey had been made some im- provements would be effected in the road from Donnelly's-creck to Mount Look-out, Aberfeldy ; that tho question whether the Government waa sufficiently protected under the policies of the Fidelity Guarantee Com- panies, whose guarantee waa accepted by the Government, would be again referred to the law officers for their opinion; that no aurvey was at present being made of a new road between Traralgon and Walhalla ; that the Mining department saw no reason to re- consider ita decision, refusing the applica- tion of Frederick Burge for 99 acree of land in the pariah of Yarck, on the ground of it auriferous nature ; and that it was the inten- tion of the Minister of Justice and the Miniater of Railways to seek re-election at _iO _io(, Vfpvibunat^. It now appears that the Victorian Govern- ment also received a telegram from Lord Carnarvon respecting the rescinding of the facilities granted by the American railway companies for the carriage of colonial ex- hibits for the Philadelphia Exhibition sent via San Franciaco. The matter will not, however, materially affect Victorian exhibits as the greater portion have been shipped direct to New York by the barque Skerry vore. The expense of forwarding the few goods that are going by way of San Francisco will not be very great. The Hon. Mr. Boucaut, Premier of Sonth Australia, and the Hon. Mr. Griffiths, At torney.General of New South Wales, visited the Legislative Assembly yesterday after- noon, and were accommodated with chairs on the right of the Speaker. The Hon. S. W. Griffiths, Miniater of Edu cation for Queensland, had a long interview yesterday with the Minister for Education, who fully explained to him the working of the Victorian Education Act. Mr. Ramaay alao presented him with a set of photographs of the principal state schools in the colony, and a Bimilar set has been prepared for the Minister for Education in South Aus- tralia. We ore informed that Sir John O'shanassy baa accepted an invitation to stand for Vil- liers and Heytesbury, and will be in Warr- nambool on Thursday for the purpose of commencing his canvass. The meeting called by the mayor for yes- terday afternoon to consider the Yan Yean bye-laws, waa not so largely attended as might bave been expected, considering the widespread indignation expreased by all classes of citizens at the lato action of the department, The hour was, how- ever, ill-chosen, and the fact that yes- terday was mail . day prevented hun- dreds of persons from attending who would otherwise have done so. A reso- lution, moved by Mr. Butters, that ac- tion should be at once taken for the pur- chase of the works, and placing them under tho, management of a metropolitan board of woika, was agreed to. It waa subsequently resolved to appoint a deputation to wait upon the Minister, to request that the opera- tion of the bye-laws should be in the mean- time suspended. The schooner Albert, which was despatched from Port Albert by the Victorian Govern- ment on Saturday last to Kent's Group, in search of the crew of the wrecked barque Easie Black, returned to Port Albert yester- day, without having been able to discover any traces of the missing men. The schooner cruised all about Bass's Straits, and on Deal Island portions of the wreck were found which had been washed ashore, but no fires or other signs of a shipwrecked crew being encamped on the island could be seen. The master of the s.S. Blackbird, Captain C. W. Chatfield, baa written from Sydney to the Victorian Harbour department, reporting the discovery by him, while on the passage from Sydney to Cooktown, of an.islandin the Sir James Smith group which ia not laid down on the Admiralty chart. The new eland ia the south-westernmoät of the group, and is wooded. South-east of It Captain Chatfield also discovered two rocka not laid down on the chart The island is formed of two hummocks, with a deep hollow between, the south-west hummock being the highest. There is a wide and apparently deep passage between the newly-discovered island and the long island whioh is already laid down on the chart Telegraphic communication with Lorne (Loutit Bay) waa opened yeaterday, and several messages passed to and fro along the line. Yeaterday a petition emanating from a pub- lic meeting recently held at Natte Yallock waa presented to the Legislative Assembly, pray« in« Parliament to carry on the government of the country on constitutional principles, and not submit itself to the. dlctation.of any faction. Duty. Mr. Colin CamDbeU. who presented the petition, said the meeting h at Natte Yallock was the moat import) which had yet taken place regarding the i sent crisis, as 'it is the first meeting on t Bubject which was spontaneous, and i " got np." A return was yesterday presented to t Legislative Assembly by Mr. Gillies showi the applications which had been made assignments under section 20 of the La Act of 1869 since January L 1875. The nu ber of applications for transfers was 82, a for mortgages ii, all of which were allom Mr. Gillies also presented a rotura of applications under seotion 20 of the La. Act 1869 in the parishes of Alexandra a Molesworth, showing tho result of such i plications and the manner in which the t was complied with in each case. Both turns were furnished on the motion of S Gaunson. In consequence of the tender of Mr. Price for the construction of the Ararat a Hamilton Railway having been cancelled the Board of Land and Works, through t tenderer not paying the preliminary depos the Board yesterday, after consideration, c ' cided to accept the noxt lowest tender, th of Messrs, Overend and Robb, at £177,3! or £1,595 above the amount of Mr. Prie tender. Messrs. Overend and Bobbyesti day signed the contract.land the coustructi> of tho lino will now be proceeded with once. In our London correspondent's letter, pn lished on Monday, it was mentioned that was probable the suggestion made by t secretary of the Australian and New Zoalai Underwriters' Association, that shipowne should be forbidden to carry gunpowd except in vessels in which a proper magazii was erected, made of Baie materials, ai arranged in such a way that the powd could be easily destroyed in the event of a iii would be adopted. Captain F. W. Harve master of the ship Altear, hos informed i that the suggestion was first made by him ; a letter, which he forwarded on Septemb 17,1876, to the secretary of tho Underwritoi Association at Dunedin. He thon eta ti that his object in writing waa " to persuac the insurance offices to refuse to underwri a single package in vessels carrying gui powder, unless in a proper magazine, whic fora few pounds could he erected." A portion of Mr. Hayter's Notes on ii Colony of Victoria, which wore prepared ft the Philadelphia Exhibition, has bee turned to a very useful purpose. The hi torical and geographical notes have bee separately published, in a convenient fore " for use in state schools." It is notified in the Journal Oßckl of tt French Republic that Marshal MacMaho has, by a decree dated 11th November, 187 conferred on Mr. Edward Adet, of the fin of Curcier and Adet, the distinction i Knight of the Legion of Honour, for servi« rendered in the Australian colonies and i New Caledonia to French commerce an navigation. By the present mail the Consul-General < France has received from His Excellency tb Minister of Foreign Affairs a despatch a knowledging the receipt of the first tw drafts, amounting together to £50013s, Cd which had been forwarded on the fith So] tomber last by the committee of the Frene Flood Relief Fund. The Due Decazes sa; in his despatch that he is " deeply touche hy the great sympathy expressed towards hi unfortunate countrymen by the dignitaries c both the Catholic and Protestant clergies, b public authorities of Victoria, by members c the consular body, and by the public i general, to all of whom His Excellenc has the honour to express the sentiment of gratitude of the French , Government MeBSrs. Benia Brothers have received th following letter from Madame le Maréchal de MacMahon, acknowledging receipt of tw drafts sent by them for the relief of th sufferers by the inundations, viz, £8 and £28 15s. 6d.:-"Inondes 1875. Comit Central de Secours, Versailles, le 23 9br« 1875.-Monsieur,-Vous m'avez adresse à titre de troisième versement, nn traite de £28 15g. Cd., et une de £8( provenant do Bonscriptions recueillies Molbonrne en favour da Inondas da Midi d la France. Je m'empresse de vous en accuse réception en vous priant de vouloir bien être auprès des souscripteurs, l'interprète do ton mes remerciements et de ma reconnaissano I pour la Bympathie qu'ils viennent, en cetb circonstance de témoigner à la France Recevez, Monsieur, l'assurance de ma con sidérntion la plus distinguió.- Malo, m MAOMAIION. Monsieur Denis, 90 rue La foyette, Paris. Mr. Linden, Router's agent, has received by the mail a copy of the International Tele graph Convention agreed to at St. Petersburi in July, 1875. As the convention contain! some provisions of tho greatest importan« to the mercantile community and other larg« senders of telegrams, we aro desired to au nounco that the volume can be consulted al Mr. Linden's office, Collins- street east, wher required. Mr. .Steavenson, the assistant-commis Bioner' of Railways, in the absence of Mr Jones, yesterday received a deputation from the shire of Yackandandah, who asked thal no action should be taken in regard to t petition which had been forwarded in favoui of the severance of a portion of the shire near Wodonga, until an opportunity had been afforded those opposed to the application ol BtatingtheirviowsontheBubject. Itwasurged that although the residents of Wodonga, neat which the severance is proposed to be made, are in favonr of the separation, still there arc a large number of residents within the aroa proposed to be excised who are strongly opposed to the proposal Mr. Steavenson promised that no action would be taken in the matter for three weeks, and in the mean- time he would send an ongineer to the shire to consult with the ehiro engineer, for the purpose of seeing whether an adjustment ol boundaries could not bo arranged which would include those in favour of the pro. posed separation, and exclude those opposed to it. An application was made to Mr. Justice Fellows yesterday by Mr. MacDermott to sot aside tho writ of summons and subsequent proceedings in the action of Michaelis v. Cooney. The defendant was sued as an ad- ministrator of a deceased person on a bill of exchange given by the intestate. The objeo' of the application was to ascertain whether administrators sued as such were liable to be proceeded against under the summary remedy given by the Instruments and Securi- ties Statute on billa of exchange, The pro- visions of that statute were that where a bill was sued on within six months after it be- came due, the plaintiff was entitled to judg- ment, unless the defendant obtained from a judge leave to defend the action. It was contended for the defendant that this pro- vision was not applicable to persons who were not directly parties to the bill. Dr. Mackay, for the plaintiff, cited a case of Beuat v. Davenport, 6 Irish Common Law Reports, where it was held that a similar act ? in Ireland did apply to executors and ad ministratore, Mr. Justice Fellows held that be was hound by that decision, and therefore refused the application. A bazaar in aid of St. Vinaont de Paul's Orphanage was opened yesterday at St. James's Hall by the Archbishop of Melbourne. The children, numbering nearly 300, who were present, are a chubby and most healthy looking lot of youngsters. The boys having ung a hymn, received the archbishop's bloss ing, and wore dismissed. Lady O'shanassy, Mesdames Archer, Bourko, Fausset, Keogh, Walsh, and Williams, assisted by several young ladies, presided at stalls, at which will be found all those varied articles usually to be met with on similar occasions. The sale will be continued during the week. A requisition signed by nearly 400 rate- payers of Gipps Word, requesting Mr. John Curtain, M.L.A., to represent them in the City Council, appears in our advertising columns. A meeting of burgesses of Gipps Ward .favourable to the candidature of Mr. Wa Stutt for tho vacant seat in the City Council !for that ward, caused by the resignation Mr. Henry Clarke, waa held last night Stutt'a Hotel, Bourke-atreet east, Mr. Jose] Levy in the chair. There was a large atten ance. It was resolved, on the motion of 31 Harris, seconded by Mr. Hazel, that ti meeting pledge itself to use every legitima means to secure the return of Mr. Stutt for ti vacancy announced that day. Mr. Stutt ga an outline of the views which he intended place before the citizens at a public meetii to-be held to-morrow evening, in the Ter perance-hall, at 8 o'clock, one of his stroi points being that he waa the resident cane dato. The persons preaent at the meetii were entrolled on Mr. Stutt's committe and the meeting adjourned. The discussion on the "Birthplace < Poverty " was continued at the Temperanc hall last night. Mr. Wm. Robertson pr aided. Several speakers addressed ti meeting on both sides. Mr. Fickeragil speaking in favour of the moderate use i alcoholic liquor, said that the spirit < freedom waa too strong in thia country I permit it becoming a "Stato of Maine, Teetotallers conld not expect to abolish trad in drink all at once, and should nnite with tt licensed victuallers and secure an alteratio in the licensing laws, and the abolition < two-thirda of the public-houses, comprisin the shantiea and low houses in tho bac slums. Though drunkenness had dono great deal of evil, there were other causea ( poverty. On the other Bide, Couucillc Wilson said that if it was necessary to n strain the traffic, it ranat be a dangeron thing, and that the human stomach wo made for wholesome food, and not foralcoho Mr. Dalo stated that there were 5,900 pei sons engaged in the liquor traffic in Victorii and in 1871 the sum of £5,000,000 waa ci pended in drink, which would give curren wages to 29,000 people at public worka, a that 24,000 were as it were kept out of err ployment by the liquor traffic The dil cu8sion was, at the usual hour, adjonrne for a week. A muff match will take place on Frida; between eleven non-playing members of th South Melbourne and Richmond clubs, oi the ground of the latter. Both captains ar busily engaged in mustering their respectiv forces, BO that a close game may be anti cipated. Parliament will be represented oi both aides. Wickets aie to be pitched at 1 o'clock, A cricket match will be played to-day oi the Melbourne ground, between the M.C.C and eleven squatters, play to commence a 11 o'clock. The following are the M C.C team :-G. Alexandor, C. Ballard, A. Black wood, G. Gibson, R. Foote, R. Johnson, T J. D. Kelly, P. M'Donnell, A. Miller, J Phillips, T. Riddell. Mr. Cornish, the patentee of the new lil buoyaand other apparatus, will giveaepecia exhibition of the capabilities of the varioui appliances, in tbo presence of the director, of the Victorian Humane Society, thia after noon at the Sandridge railway pier, at i quarter.paat _ A friendly game of cricket between til working hands of the Theatre Royal ant those of the Opera-house waa played yester day afternoon on the Civil Service cricket ground. Tho players did not display a grea amount of skill, but the afternoon's fun wai greatly enjoyed alike by the players and thi spectators. The advantage was all on thi Bide of the Theatre Royal team, who bea their adversaries in one innings by % runs. Mr. S. A. Case obtained a good take of fish in the Saltwater River yeaterday, and they will be on view at his shop to-day. The lo consisted of 35 fih weighing 31 ilb. There were several other good baskets obtained The fish appear now to be in good number! in the river. They bite best in the early morning. A caso of poiaoning formed the subject o: on inqueat held by Dr. Youl yesterday ai Fitzroy on the body of Julia Cliff, aged tw( years and six mouths, daughter of Johi Cliff, gold-miner, Eaglehawk, Sandhurst The child was left in charge of her aunt Alawitha Phillips, at Fitzroy, and on Frida: afternoon went into a sitting-room and ahu herself in. In a cupboard in tho room was i bottle of iodine paint, but the child's ann did not know the iodine was there. The ann1 went into the room and found the chile holding the bottle out of which she had evi dently been drinking, as the fluid was al over her dress. The child waa at once taken to a chemist, and thence to a doctor, whe attended her, but she died on Monday. The icdino bad been used by the aunt's sister, who had brokon her collar-bone. Mr, Crooke, Burgeon, who attended the child, de- posed that the cause of death was poisoning by iodine, and a verdict of death from acci- dental poisoning was returned. Mischievous boys are in the habit of pur- loining fruit from the gardens at the Mel- bourne University justnow, although they can gain nothing by devouring it in its present state but a severe stomach ache ; and they not only take the fruit, which would not be missed, but they also seriously damage the trees by tearing off the branches. On Monday night damage was done to the amount of about 30s. by the tearing down of branches, and at 5 o'clock in the morning an incautious offender waa caught in the act of spoliation, and waa locked up. At the City Police Court yesterday the boy, whose name was James Horrigan, waa given a good character, and as it waa hia first appearance, he was let off with a fine of 10s. Mr. M'Kean applied to Mr. Call, P.M., in the District Police Court yesterday to grant a [summons calling on Captain Phillips, of the vessel M. E. Evans, lying in the Yarra, to show cause why he should not discharge and pay their wages to William Croaker and Joseph Pomeroy, sailors on board the vessel, on the ground that their lives were in danger from bia (the captain's) cruelty. Mr. Call, P.M., Baid he would grant the summons. Two childron named Munro, aged about three and four years, were brought before the Collingwood magistrates yeaterday. It appeared that on Friday their mother took them to St. Vincent's Gardens, Emerald-hill, and telling them to wait till she carno backt left them and never returned. The police ascertained where the woman lived, and in court abo stated that her husband waa in gaol for stealing ducks. He had sold off what little furniture they had to got drink, and Bhe had no home to go to, and no means of supporting the childron. As she waa apparently able-bodied, the Bench repri- manded her for not ondeavouring to main, tain her family, and, giving her assistance from the poor-box, dismissed her with o caution. Some months ogo a burglary waa com- mitted at the Saltwater river, in which a considerable amount of property was taken. A man named Bennett, alias " the Whifller,' was convicted and sentenced to 10 years' hard labour. Shortly after he waa sont to Pent- ridge, a prisoner named Roderick made a statement that he committed the robbery, and that Bennett was innocont. A short timo ago Dr. Madden, Minister of Justice, accom- panied by a detective and the gentle- man who was robbed, called at the stockade when several priaonera were brought before them, as it was stated that there might have boen somo mistake as to tho identification of the man who committed the offence. Nothing, however, was elicited to warrant the Government in liberating Ben- nett from prison on the unsupported state- ment of Roderick, who it ia thought ia a con- federate of Bennett in crime. Bennett is well known to the detectives as one of the most expert pickpockets and housebreakers in Melbourne, and is supposed to bave been the discharged prisoner who scaled the walls of the Pentridge Stockade in the night, and robbed the superintendent's office, about l8 months ago. Three young men wore each fined 40s., with 2g. Cd. costs, at the Williamstown Court yeaterday for carrying firearms on a Sunday. The defendant- had gone round from Sand- ridge in a boat, and landed on the beach near the. Chirnaide estate, in- the shire- of Wyndham. A constable took their name» and they were summoned under the Polit ' Offences Statute for carrying firearms < Sunday, December 26. They were each fini in the minimum penalty under the sectio 40s. with costs. The carcase of an animal, which if not ti real and long-looked-for "bunyip," at lea must, if the description given of it be correr, prove to be as rare a specimen of the anim kingdom, is reported to bave been found i WilBon's Promontory by Mr. Musgrave, ti lighthouse-keepor. Mr. Musgrave was wal ing on the beach some distance from ti lighthouse a few days ago, when 1 saw lying on the sand the dead boc of a most curious monster. The carcas according to the account given by M Musgrave to a friend, roaemblos that < a horse, being nearly as large, but ti covering of the body consists of feathe: instead of hair. The creature is also said I be furnished with a "fluffy tail." Whendi covered, the carcase was fouad to be in state of partial decomposition. Portions < the flesh and feathers have been forwarded i tbo harbour department by Mr. Musgravi and thoy will be sent to Professor M'Coy fe examination. Mr. Musgravo also intend forwarding the skeleton to Melbourne as soo as it is wholly denuded of the ilosh. A Bale of Crown lands in fee simple wa held at Geelong yesterday. The land consiste principally of town lots at South Geelonj near the woollen factories. There were 4 lots offered, but only five disposed of, thee being sold at the upset price of 10s. per foe to Robert nambling. Selina Hassett, Joh Scenary, Catherine Giffiu, and George Ker Bboll Eleven acres in the parish of Cook burghurk, county of Grant, offered at £3 pe acre, was purchased by Mr. John Mathicssr, at £410s. per acre. A 49th section block c 20 acres, in the parish of Dorog, county o Grenville, held by Mr. J. Challis, was pui chased by the holder at the upset price of £ per acre. The Hon. Nicholas Fitzgerald will leav for Europe by the first out-going mail steame on a pleasure trip which will probabl occupy about 11 months. " During his at sence," writes the Mount Alexander Mail "his salary as a member of Parliament wil he distributed among the charities." The Moonlight Concert given in Johnstone park, Geelong, last evening, was a grea success. It was a clear moonlight night and the manner in which the park was illu ruinated surpassed all previous entertain meuts given there. What with fireworks Bengal lights, music by the Volunteer Band einging by members of the Philharmonii Society, three children being rescued from i burning house, firemen jumping into sheets &c;, there was a continual flow of amuse ment. One of Sullivan's patent respiraton was successfully used during the burning o the house. Between 3,000 and 4,000 persom were present. The amount taken at thi gate was £97, and £50 worth of tickets wen sold outside. The Fiji Times of December 25 mentioni that nothing has transpired to corroborât! the rumour that the French intended t( annex the New Hebrides. It ¡8, however stated upon reliable authority that the Go vernmenr, of New Caledonia sent down te Sandwich some time back, and avowed theil intention to annex that salubrious spot. A the Borne time they gave notice that all whit< persons who claimed land there should sene particulars of their titles by a cortaiu dat< to the authorities at Noumea, otherwise the] would not be acknowledged. The Landi Commission is sitting at Wairiki. The Chie Tui Cakau, from whom most of the land it thia district was purchased, has generally ad roittcd the correctness of the claims without hesitation. It is said that the commission has refused to issue a certificate or Crowe grant to a planter named M'Connell, until the wages owing to his imported foreign labourer! are poid. "A meeting of the Sydney committee o the Intercolonial Handball Match was hele at Punch's Hotel on Monday evening January 3," the Sydney Morning Berak reports, "Mr. James Madden presiding Correspondence in reply to some sent b¡ Sydney committee was received from Victo rinn committee, and read by the secretary It contained suggestions that the matchei should on this occasion be played as on for mer occasions, viz., a two-handed match o fivo out of nine games on first day ; a single event of three games out of five on second day ; and a three-handed match ol five out of nine games on the third day, and each game to consist of 21 aces. The lettei aleo suggested that in all future matches each colony should pay the expenses of its own team, as is done in all intercolonial matches, by cricket, rifle, and boating teams ; also that the dato of playing the present matches be fixed by the Sydney committee. Considerable discussion ensued on the foregoing proposi- tions, and ultimately the Becietary was directed to communicate to the Melbourne committee that the Sydney committee desire that the Bingle hand match shonld be played the first day, the double hand match the second day, and the treble band match on the third day. The secretary was also directed to ascertain definitely what the conditions are upon which other intercolonial matches are played. A communication was also re- ceived from Lieutenant-Colonel Richardson having reference to the Victoria Barracks ball-court, and action having been taken respecting it, the meeting terminated." The Sydney Morning Herald Btates that " M. Simon, consul of France in Sydney, haB been made a Knight of the Legion of Honour. This honour has been conferred, not merely in view of his past services os a representa- tive of France, but specially as an acknow- ledgement of the effortB ho has made since he has been amongst us to open a direct trade between this colony and France." A man named Thomas Greer, employed at tbo meat-presorving works at Haslem Creek, Parramatta, was committed for trial, on January 7, for causing the death of a lad named John M'Cosker, aged 10 years. Greer was considered rather "soft," and was made a hutt of by tho boys employed at the works, The evidonce elicited at tho inquest showed, says the Sydney Morning Herald, "thaton January 6 the deceased took a piece of wood, and made as if he would strikes Greer with it. The lattor picked up a botcher's knife with a blade Oin. long, which M'Cosker had dropped, and ran away witb.it. He slipped and fell over a drain, and while he was rising, the deceased Btruck bim three or four times with a whip. Directly Greer regained his feet, he thiew the knifo at M'Cosker, who was then about Oft from him. The knife inflicted a punctured wound beneath the lower angle of the left shouldor-blado bono, and penetrated the lungs, causing death in a very short time." The ovidonce also Bhotved that Greer had asked the deceased to "stop larkin?," and that, immediately after he saw the injury be had done by throwing the knife, he exclaimed, " I did not mean to do it" A verdict of manslaughter, committed under circumstance» of great provocation, was returned. The Moniteur de la Nouvelle Caledonie of the 8th December, gives au interesting ao countof the laying of the first submarine cable in New Caledonia. This cable extends from the peninsula of Ducos to the island of Nou. The immersion took place on the 25th of October last, and was attended with much Buccees. The distance which the cable was intended to cover amounts to 1,730 motrefl (about 5,022ft.,, while the length of the cabio itsolf, to allow for necessary deflection, and any irregu- larities whioh might exist in the bed in which it ropoBOB, is 1,800 metres in length. On the first trial of the electric condition of the cable immediately after it had been laid, the results do not appear to have been very satisfactory ; hut, on the 24th of Novomber. when it was definitely installed in ita perma- nent position at l'Ilo Nou, communications were exchanged after a fashion whioh left nothing to be desired. It will thus bo seen that one of the leading evidences of modern civilisation ia being still further spread over . the islands of the Southern ocean." , Mr. J, Rutherford,. of the well-known coaching finn, Cobb and Co., New South Wales, returned from America on January T, bringing with hifit an interesting collection in the shape of four grand trotting horses from the leading breeding farm in Kentucky, and BÍI well-bred Spanish asses from the same state. After their land trip, of about 3,000 miles by rail and the voyage, these animals, Bays the Sydney Morning Herald, looked in very fair condition. The horses, three colts and one filly, were universally and deservedly admired. They are excellent specimens of the breed for which America is ao famous-the true-bred trotter. Mossrs. Cobb and Co. want good roadatera,. and these seem the horses to produce thom from. The asses, two Spanish jacks and four jennets, are to be kept by the company for the purpose of breeding with well-bred mores hardy mules, animals which are in great demand in Queensland at the present time. The half-dozen looked aa ugly and as hardy as donkeys should look. One of the jacks, a three-year-old, measured by the standard 15-3. There was a Rood attendance at the Theatre Royal last night. The audience waa much pleased with the performance, The pantomime of " Fortunatas," at the Opera-house, continues to attract crowded houses. Yestorday evening, despite the heat of the weather, the house waa crowded in every part. The entertainment by the "Fakir of Oolu," at St George's Hall, was well patronised last night. The ghost scenes woro vary well managed, and the fairy fountain excited much applause. The members of the Molbourno Jewish Literary and Debating Society gave a concert last _ight at HocViuo Aooouiuiy-iuouiü, ¡u aid of their library fund. The place was very well attended, the concert being under the patronage of presidents and wardens of the principal Hebrew congregations and a number of the leading Jewish citizens. The names of the following performers will abow that Jewish national talent waa mostly represented. These were Mrs. Myers, Mrs. J. Solomon, Mrs. S. Hart, Miss Kate Moses, Miss H. Hart, Miss R. Nathan, Mr. M. Cohen, Mr. W. B. Isaacs, Mr. J. Benjamin, Mr. A. Hart, Mr. M. Marks, Mr. L. Solomon, Mr. Weiabaden, and Mr. Rosenberg, Mr. Ashur Hart was the con- ductor, and Mr. C, B. Foster the accom panyist. It waa an amateur affair, but the result displayed the aggregation of a very respectable amount of musical talent The vocal performances of Mrs. J. Solomon and Miss Kate Moses, the duet " Sainted Mother " of Miss Kate Moses and Mrs. J. Benjamin, the duet "La C1 Darem " of Miss K. Moses, two solos "Parlote d'Amor" (from Faust) and "Fare- well Calm Flowing River " (from L'Africaine) -together with the aongs contributed by Mr. W. B. Isaacs, were greatly admired. McBsrs. M. Cohen, L. Solomon, and Miss R. Nathan played creditably as pianoforte soloists. Messrs. Weiabaden and Rosenberg played a duet on two zithers. The accom panimenta played by Mr. C. B. Foater wero in the highest degree praiseworthy. The detectives require an owner for a pair of white blankets found in the possession of a prisoner. The half-yearly meeting of the Australian Natives' Association takes place this evening, ot 8 o'clock, at Hockin's Rooms, Elizabeth Btreet. The ordinary monthly meeting of the shareholders in the Sixth Union Termi- nating Building Society waa held at the office, 82 Collins-street, yeaterday ; the Hon. Henry Miller occupied the chair. The re- ceipts of the evening were announced to be £2,412 7s. 3d. ; 8i sharea were sold at £8 promium. A special meeting of the share- holders was then held, when a resolu- tion for o new rule was adopted, which pro- vided that when any business required by the rules to be done fell on a public or bank holiday it should be postponed until the fol- lowing day. 