GENERAL EXTRACTS. An extraordinary scene, says the Southport News was recently enacted in the stalls lately at thoFrooTradeHall.Maiichcster.duriijgoiieofthe performances of Mr. Charles Du Val. A gentleman soaked in the front row between two young ladies appeared to be enjoying their society with" much apparent satisfaction, when suddenly a lady, wearing a lace fall which but slightly con-' cealed her features, debouched from the back of the stalls and made her presence felt by a palpable attack-first upon the gentleman-who proved in the sequel to be her husband and then upon one of his fair companions. The gentleman managed to partially assuage her wrath until the close of the performance, when, however, his two former companions whom the advent of his legal partner had for the time estranged-in making their exit from the hall unfortunately were compelled to pass so immediately near the enraged and offended wife that she seized both the opportunity afforded and the hat and chignon of one of her fair rivals,, and a pretty little scene was enacted, in which the faithless Benedict conspicuously played a crestfallen part. A cab having been obtained, and the elements of discord having been parted with little damage beyond the loss of a few ribbons and hair-pads, the avenged Penelope bore off her faithless Ulysses, leaving Calypso to gather up her hirsute fragments, and to generally pull herself together. When the Allan steamer Moravian was about to leave the Mersey lately, a river gig was seen approaching, in the bow of which was an old man, who gesticulated frantically. The boat got alongside the steamer, and in a short time two of its occupants a man about 60 years of age, and a young man of 22 clambered on board the Moravian. The old man stated that his wife a lady of 48, and the mother of grown-up children had eloped with a young man of 22 that they were on board the Moravian, en route for America and he, with his companion, the son of both, demanded the captain to send their runaways on shore. While the captain was explaining that the law gave him no such power, the runaway wife happened to pass along the deck near where the group were discussing the point. She recognised her husband, and, ex- claiming, "Oh, John, are you here?" embraced and kissed him. Her son, too, she saluted in a most affectionate way. While these preliminaries to a reconciliation were going on, the wife's companion made his appearance on the scene, and wished to know what " it was all about." Tile deserted husband implored his fickle spouse to return to her home in Wednesbury. This she consented to do, but made it a condition that the companion of her flight should be allowed to return with her, and the husband accepted the terms. The master of the Moravian seeing that an arrangement had been come to, facilitated the return to the shore of the troublesome party who had for a time disturbed the decorum observed on board his steamer. When the party arrived at the stage they were jeered by a crowd who had heard of the occurrence. The wife and husband, however, walked arm and arm along the Stage, and the "lover" walked behind carrying the luggage. One of the most pleasing novelties of what are termed " female fashions " that has been introduced for many years has lately, it is stated, been brought into made by some of our first dress makers and adopted I by Parisian eleyantes." It consists of a deer-skin bodies clinging closely to the body, and made in the same way as an ordinary bodice. It is dyed the. same shade as the cross, and the sleeves are made of "faille with door-skin paramours." The more costly bodices of this description are embroidered with silver. It is not surprising that ladies who must have suffered intensely from cold, owing to the deficiency of their garments should have taken to clothing themselves in the skins of animals of the chase, after the fashion of their ancestresses and if these deer-skin bodices are made ample enough to cover fh ir throats, the cost of embroidering them with silver will no doubt be saved in doctor's bills. It will, however, be a graceful act of condescen- sion on their part, if, while utilising the boasts of the field for ornamental purposes, they will take the opportunity of sparing the birds of the air. A lady with a door-skin thrown over her shoulders may dispense with a cock robin in her Int. The body of the deer may be cooked and eaten, and the appropriation of its skin is, under these circumstances, excusable ; but nobody eats. cock robins, whose harmlessness, moreover, renders their destruction uncalled for. Woman should direct her attention to blasts and four footed animals rather than to birds. By using rats or mice, for instance, as a head-dress she will assist in extirpating disagreeable vermin, and confer a great boon on society. Pall Matt Gazette. A correspondent has communicated the following to the Daily Telegraph A little boy, 11 years old, of a small village in Bohemia, called Greiflendorf, wrote, without the knowledge of his parents, to the Emperor of Austria the following letter, of which I give the literal translation c-Mr. Emperor at Vienna, I should like to become a priest or a teacher. My father is a poor weaver, and has no money. Have the kindness, Mr. Emperor, and send me some; money that I may roam to be a price of a' rancher, just as you wish. I salute you, the) Mrs. Emperor, and the children, (Signed)) Josui'ir Bkn nese." The above! letter duly reached the Private Secretary, and was forwarded to the Emperor at Hungary. The innocent style seems to have found favour, as shortly afterwards the burgomaster of the village received an official telegram to report' about the circumstances of the case, and, these having turned out satisfactory, the school inspector of Zwittau was instructed to take the boy in board and give him every facility for his education. Samuel Erb, of East Pennsboro' township, had been to church one night, says , the Meelumiesburg Journal (Cumberland Co., Penn.), and as he approached his house was startled by a commotion in his chicken coop. On investigating the cause he discovered three men wringing the necks of his poultry. When the thieves saw him they fled with their plunder, seeking shelter among some bushes. Mr. Erb, with his dog, pursued them, but a couple of shots from the thieves caused the dog to retreat. A pistol was then presented to his breast by the robbers, who robbed him of his money and watch, and then compelled him to take off his clothes, stripping him to his shirt and a drawers. They then gagged him, and tied his hands behind his back, and he was allowed to go home, the thieves taking their departure also. A correspondent of the JournAL.' tells the rest of the story as follow ;8Ï4 .'' The feelings of Mr. Erb can be easier imagined than described as he walked home through the keen air. But his troubles were not yet over, for at his gate he was met by his dog, which had deserted him'. Failing to recognise his master, he kept barking and snapping through the palings at his legs. Mrs. Erb being aroused by the noise, looked out of the window, and seeing his white figure dancing in the moon- light, thought it was a ghost, called her father, who was staying with her at the time, who came armed with the shot-gun, and opening the door he called off the dog. He then desired to know the mission of one in so strange an attire. Never was also more willing to speak, or more unable than Mr. Samuel Erb. So the only reply was a few rods of the head, accompanied by as many jumps with the foot. Mr. Boozer then brought his weapon to his shoulder, and taking aim at the 8upposodghost,demandod it to speak immediately or leave the premises. With this he coupled the promise that a failure to comply would cause him to fire. Mr. Erb was now in a great dilemma. Speak he could not. If he stayed he would be shot, and if he went away he would freeze. In fact, he was nearly a dozen already. He turned to go, and as he did so his wife saw his arms were tied behind his back. Tolling ; her father this, that gentleman called to him to come back ; but kept the gun pointed, saying as long as there was no evidence of hostility there need be no fear, Mr. Erb tremblingly obeyed, and on drawing near was recognized, and taken in and cured for." Maravilla Cocoa. The state says " Tatlob BitoTiiKlts' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concen tuition of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For consumers of Cocoa, especially Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not reeoiuinouil a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favourable opinion vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, etc., etc. Maravilla Cocoa.- Tailok Uiiotiiebs, London, having the exclusive supply of this man varied Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity fine Aroma Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power. One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after a Uta evening. HoMiKOPATtllo Cocoa. This original preparation, which had attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured h.AYl.en llitOTUHis. under the ablest homeopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eiiHueutilegieo, thorougly, due atoms, and nutritious property of the from out. Saturday. Chocolate, made in one minute, without boiling;. The above articles are prepared exclusively by Taylor Dkotiibks, the largest manufacturers in Europe, must sold tin-lined packets by Storekeepers and then all over the world ' 