TALES AND SKETCHES. A GHOST STORY. BT MASK TWAIN. I took a large room, far up Broadway, in a huge old building.whose upper stories had been wholly unoccupied for years until I came. The place had long been given up to dust and cobwebs, to solitude and silence. I seemed groping among tbe tombs and invading the privacy of the dead, that first night I climbed up to my quarters. For tbe first time in my life a superstitious dread came over me; and as I turned a dark angle of the stairway and an invisible cobweb swung its lazy woof in my face and clung there, I shuddered as one who had encountered a phantom. I was glad enough when I reached my room and locked out the mould and tbe darkness. A cheery fire was burning in the grate, and I sat down before it with a comforting ssnse of relief. For two hours I sat there, thinking of byegooe times; recalling old scenes, and summoning halfforgotten faces out of the mists of tbe past; listening, in fancy, to voices that long ago grew silent for all time, and to once familiar songs that nobody sings now. And as my reverie softened down to a sadder and sadder pathos, the shrieking of the winds outside softened to a wail, the angry beating of the rain against the panesdiminished to a tranquil patter, and one by one the noises in the street subsided, until the hurrying footsteps of the last belated straggler died away in the distance and left no sound behind. The fire had burned low. A sense of loneliness crept over me. 1 arose and undressed, moving on tip-toe about the room, doing stealthily what I had to do, as if I were environed with sleeping enemies whose slumbers it would be fatal to break- I covered up in bed, and lay listening tu the rain and wind and the faint creaking of distant shutters till they lulled me to sleep. I slept profoundly, but how long I do not know. All at once I found myself awake, and filled with a shuddering expectancy. All was still. All but my own heart—I could hear it beat. Presently tbe bed clothes commenced to slip away slowly toward the foot of the bed, as if some one were pulling them 1 I could not stir ; I could R-it speak. Still the blankets slipped deliberately away, till my breast was uncovered. Then with a great effort I seized them and drew them over my bead. I waited, listened, waited. Once more that steady pull began, and once more I lay torpid lor a century of dragging stconds, till my breast was naked again. At last I roused my energies and snatched the covers back to their place, and held them with a strong grip. I waited. Byand-bye I felt a faint tug, and took a fresh grip. The tug strengthened to a steady strain—it grew stronger and stronger. My hold parted, and for the third time th e blankets slid away. I groaned. An answer" ing groan camo from the foot of the bed • Beaded drops of sweat stood upon my forehead. I was more dead than alive. Presently I heard a heavy footstep in my room—the step of an elephant, it seemed to me—it was not like anything human. But it was moving from me—there was relief in that. I heard it approach the door—pass out without moving bolt or lock—and wander away among the dismal corridors, straining the floors and joints till they creaked again as it passed—and then silence reigned once more. When my excitement had calmed, I (lid to myself, " this is a dream—simply a hideous dream." And so I lay thinking it over until I convinced myself that it was a dream, and then a comforting laugh relaxed my lips and I was happy again. I got up and struck a light; and when I found that the locks and bolts were just as I had left them, another sootbiug laugh welled ia my heart,'and rippled from my lips. I took my pipe and lit it, and waB just sitting down before the fire, when down went the pipe out of my nervcltS'i fingers, the blood forsook my cheeks, and my piacid breathing was cut short with a gasp ! In tbe ashes on the hearth, side by side with my own 7 bare footprint, was another, so vast that in comparison mine was but an infant's! Then I bad hail a visitor, and tbe elephant tread was explained. I put out the light and returned to bed, palsied with fear. I lay a loog time, peering into the darkness, and listening. Then I heard a grating noise overhead, like the dragging of a heavy body across tbe flour ; then tbe throwing down of the body, and the shaking of my windows in response to the concussion. In distant parts of the building I heard tbe mulfied slamming of doors. I heard, at intervals, stealthy foot steps creeping io and out among the corridors, and up and down the stairs. Sometimes these noises approached my door, hesitated, and went away again. I heard the clanking of chains faintly, in remote passages, aud listened while the clanking grew nearer—while it wearily climbed the stairways, marking each move by tbe loose surplus of chain that fell with an accented rattle upon each succeeding step as the goblin that bore ; t advanced. I heard mut tered sentences ; half-uttered screams tnat seemed smothered violently ; and the swish of invisible garments, the rush of invisible wings. Then I becomc conscious that my chamber was invaded—that I was not alone. I heard sighs and breathings about my bed, and mysterious whisperings. Three little spheres of soft phosphorescent light appeared on the ceiiiug directly over my head, clung and glowed there a moment, and then dropped—two of chem upon my face and oue upon the pillow. The#|ptittered, liquidly, aud felt warm. I told me tney bad turned to gouts of as they fell—I needed no light to satisfy myself of that. Then I saw pallid faces dimly luminous, aod white uplifted hands, floating bodiless in the air,—lljating a moment and then disappearing. The wbisperiog ceased, and the voices and the souuds, and a solemn stillness followed, waited, and listened. I felt that I must have iight, or die. I w^s weak with fear. I slowly raised mysell toward a sitting posture, and my face came in contact with a clammy {hand! All strength went from me, apparently, aud I fell back like a stricken invalid, Then I heard the rustle of a garment—it seemed to pass to the door and go out. When everything was still once more, I crept out of bed sick and feeble, aud lit the gas with a hand that trembled as if it were aged with a hundred years. The light brought some little checr to my spirits. I sat down and fell into a dreamy contemplation of that great footprint in the ashes. By-and-bye its outlines began to waver and grow dim. I glanced up and the broad gas flame was slowly wilting away. In the same moment I heard that elephantine tread again. I noted its approach, nearer and nearer, along the musty halls, and dimmer and dimmer the light waned. The tread reached my very door and paused—the light had dwindled to a sickly blue, and all things about me lay in a spectral twilight. The door did not open, and yet I felt a faint gust of air fan my cheek, and presently was conscious of a huge, cloudy presence before me. I watched it with fascinated eyes. A pale glow stole over the thing ; gradually its cloudy folds took shape—an arm ap- "peared, then legs, then a body, and last a great sad face looked out of the vapour. Stripped of its filmy housings, naked, mus cular and comely, tbe majestic Cardiff Giant loomed above me! All my misery vanished—for a child might know that no harm could come with that benignant countenance. My cheerful spirits returned at ouce, and in sympathy with them the gas flamed up brightly again. Never a lonely outcast was so glad to welcome company as I was to greet the friendly giant. I said,— " Why, is it nobody but you ? DJ you know, I have been siared to death for the last two or three hours? I am most honestly glad to see you. I wish I had a chair . Here, here, don't try to sit down in that thing ! " But it was too late. He was in it before I could stop him, and down he went—I never saw a chair shivered so in my life. " Stop, stop, you'll ruin ev . Too late again. There was another crash, and another chair was resolved into its original elements. " Confound it, haven't you got any judgment at ail ? Do you want to ruin all the lurniture in the place ? Here, here, you petrified fool '' But it was no use. Before I could arrest him he had sat down on the bed, and it was a melancholy ruin. "Now what sort of a v?ay is that to do ? First you come lumbering about the place bringing a legion of vagabond goblias aloug with you to worry me to death, and then when I overlook an indelicacy of costume which would not be tolerated anywhere by cultivated people except in a respectable theatre, and not even there if the nudity were of your sex, you repay me by wrecking all the furniture you can find to sit down on. And why will you? You damage yourself as much as you do me. You have broken off the end of your spinal column, and littered up the floor with chips off your hams till the place looks like a iRarble-yard. You ought to be ashamed of yourself—you are big enough.to know better." " Well, I will not break any more furniture. But what am I to do ? I have not had a chance to sit down for a century." And the tears came into his eyes. " Poor devil," I said, I should not have been so harsh with you. And you are an orphan, too, no doubt. But sit down on the floor here—nothing else can stand your weight—and besides, we cannot be sociable with you away up there above me; I want you down where I can perch on this high counting-house stool and gossip with you face to face." So he sat down ou the ll jor, and lit a pipe which I gave bim, threw one of my red blankets over his sooulders, inverted my sitz-bath on his head, helmet fashion, and made bimself picturesque and comfortable. Then he crossed his ancles, while I renewed the fire, and exposed tbe flat, honey- combed bottoms of his prodigious feet to the grateful warmth. " What is the matter with tbe bottom of your feet and the back of your legs, that they are gouged up so ?" Infernal chilnlains—I caught them clear up to the back of my bead, roosting out there under Newell's larm. But I love the place; I love it as one loves his old home. Tnere is no peace for me like tbe peace I feel wheu I am there." We talked along lor half an hour, and then I noticed that he looked tired, aud spoke of ir. Tired?" he said. "Weil, I should think so. And now I will tell you all about it, since you have treated me so well. I am the spirit of the peirilicd ran" that lies across the street there i:i tbe Museum. I am the ghon of tbe Cardiff Giant. I can have no rest, no peace, titl they have given that poor body burial again. Now what wus tbe most natural thing for me to do, to make men sitisfy this wish ? Terrify them into it!—hauut the place where the body lay 1 So I haunted the museum night after ni;»li r . I even got other spirits to help me. But it did no good, for nobody ever came to the museum at midnight. Then it occurred to me to come over the way a til hauut this place a little. I felt triat if I ever got a hearing I must succeed, for I had the most efficient company that perdition could furnish. Night after nignt we have shivered around tnrou jh these mildewed halls, dragging chains, groaniug, whispering, tramping up aud down stairs, till to tell you tbe truth I am almost worn out. But when I saw a light in your room to-night I roused my energies agaiu and went at it with a deal of the old freshness. But I am tired out— entirely fagged out. Give me, I beseech you, give me some hope !" 1 lit off my perch in a burst of excitement, and exclaimed.— "This transcends everything! everything that ever did occur ! Wny you poor blundering old fusd 1 , you have had, all your trouble lor nothing—you have been haunting a [duster cast ot yourself—the reil CardiffGiant is iu Aloany 1 Confound it, don't you know your own remains?" * I never saw sach an eloquent look of shame, of pitiable humiliation, overspread a countenance before. The Petrified Man rose slowly to his feet, and said,— " Honestly, is that true ?" As true as I am sitting here." He took the pipe from his mouth and laid it on the mantel, then stood irresolute a moment, (unconsciously, from old habit, thrusting his nands where his pantaloon pockets should have been, aud inedita ively dropping bis chin on bis breast), and liually said,— " Well—I never felt s) absurd before. The Petrified Man has sold everyboJy else, and now the mean fraud ha-? ended by selling its owu ghost! My son, it there is auy caarity left iu your heart for a poor friend less phantom like me, don'tlet this get out. Tnink how you would leel if you bad made such an ass of yourself." I heard his stately tramp die away, step by step down the stairs aad out into tbe deserted street, and felt sorry that he was gone, poor fellow—and sarrier still that he had carried off my red blanket aud my bath-tub. 