'PICTURES AND PAINTERS{ IN 1876. (tfBOU A LOUDON OOBBHOTONDBHT.) The Boyal Academy hos had 5,000 pioturee 'tient in this year for approval, and I am told an unusually larg« and liberal selection has been reade from that number. Studio days bave been particularly hard on artists this season, because they have had to send in 'theil pictures a week earlier than usual, and the precionsness of the time in which they had to finish them waa proportionably increased The leading artists are, however, not to 'te disconcerted by such a trifle as this may seem to outsiders-but which I have seen ,produce some lamentable examples of over- work-and in some cases the pointings bave tieen ready for several weeks. From what I have heard from competent judges, and in a limited degree from what I have seen, I anti- cipate that the Academy will be very superior io the exhibition of lost year, and though -the absence of R. A.'s is conspicuous on this occasion also, it is compensated for by some very Uno achievements by artists who ore outside the magic circle. I will endeavour -to give your readers a notion of a few among the pictures which are most likely to be favourites with the crowds which will throng the Burlington Galleries during a season ?which is to be of unprecedented brilliancy .and duration. Mr. Herbert has painted three pictures, -which have bo absorbed his attention during the lost three months as to prevent his doing the very little that remains to be done in order to complete his " Moses." I believe finer work than these three paintings has never come out of the studio of this great maBter. The subject of one is Lear and Kent on the heath. The great parental and filial tragedy had always had a strong attraction for Mr. Herbert, and Borneo! his most famous work is in illustration of it. In the present picture the figures are life-size, and are most masterly in drawing and intense in expression. The (second picture represents Judith at the moment when, summoning courage and ¡strength by prayer, she is about to rstrike off the head of Holofernes. In this painting there is a depth and mastery of ex- pression which, so far as I am acquainted -with them, has never been surpassed in any of his works. The third painting represents Mary Magdalen standing at the door of the louee of Simon. She carries the box of spikenard, "exceeding precious," and in her exquisite face there ia the radiance of her love, her sorrow, and her zeal, as she seeks the presence of the Master, who shall shortly pronounce over her that greatest eulogium, i"Sbe hath done what she could." The artist's perfect knowledge of the East and the features of Oriental life gives this fine work realism, to which, however, its grandeur and sentiment are not subordi- nated. The progress of Mr, Leighton's great paint- ing, the " Daphnephoria," has been watched by lovers of art with great interest, and it is pronounced by critics much more competent than I—who know rather -what I like than what I ought to like— one of the most considerable works yet produced by the English school. In all Mr. Leighton's classical paintings there is a sunny serenity which irresistibly suggests the sensuous enjoyment and moral irresponsi- bility of the old Fagan world, and the beauty of form and attitude is increasingly remark- able in this artist's work ever since he first delighted the world with his strangely beauti- ful "Helen on the walls of Troy." The 'Daphnephoria" is superior in execution to the "Slingers" and the "Juggler" which were exhibited last year, and indeed I think there will hardly be anything in the Academy to surpass it I take the word of Mr. Comyns Carr for Mr. Leighton's faithful realisation of Proclus's minute description of the festival of Apollo, celebrated at Thebes to every ninth year. What we see in this beautiful composition, which is full of a joyous, almost superhuman life and nerve, is a procession of beautiful Greek maidens following the officiating priest of Apollo through a dark grove of exquisite trees ; the painting is in its detail of wood, and sky, a poem as well. The high priest is a youthful noble, in the full pride of health and vigour. "Beautiful" is the only word to apply to him, " handsome " would be too mean and cold an epithet He carries the olive-wand crowned with garlands of laurel and flowers, surmounted by the brass globe, with smaller pendant globes which sym bolised the solar system. Under the cork, pine, and olive trees, the joyous band winds its way, in all the intoxicating worship of song ; the fair throats seem to thrill on the canvas, with the melody which swells them. The flesh tints of each figure composing this beautiful group are exquisite, and the work. manship of the whole leaves nothing, at least to the eye of an amateur, to be desired. The offaltus is in every figure there, and the contrast between the supreme joy and enthusiasm of the processional group, and the simple curiosity and attention of the bystanders, which are very finely depicted, is admirably conveyed. The other academy picture by Mr. Leighton is of a very different order ; it is a portrait of Captain Burton, and is an admirably faithful likeness of the re nowned and disputatious traveller. -Mr. Millais sends several works, of which some are portraits, and the chief is a large landscape. His last year's landscapes were so -disappointing that this picture oomes on one, not only as a pleasure, but with the additional charm of surprise; for it is zouch better than anything Mr. Millais los done in landscape, better even than ¡" Chill October," which was far superior to 3iis last year's work. The painting has nothing in common with the characteristics .»f his "Deserted Garden,"or "Fringe of a Moor." It represents a bold view of out- stretched country seen from the summit of a lill. The foreground is very distinct, per laps a little too much so, as it tempts one to -dwell upon it too closely in the first instance instead of getting a broad view of the picture, and coming gradually to gaze cn the «details. The sense of Bpace and distance is .very finely given ; the rich gently undu- lating country Btretches away, adorned in the ?jvarm vague tints which the painter has only lately mastered the nee of, to a range of dark lilla under a softly glowing silvery sky. One Seta so tired of Mr. Millais' fashionable fine ladies, attired in the very last outré manner of the mode, that one is especially grateful to lim for such a piece of work as this. It is Hike pure air in a moadow after a patchouli poisoned boudoir. Just us I suppose no ono ever tires of read- ing the history of the French Revolution of 1789, and the memoirs which serve as side- lights to its terrible scenes; so a painting {which illustrates any portion of the horrid Btory cannot fail to attract the observer's eyes at once in any motley crowd of pictures. How muoh more interesting and ¡absorbing is such a picture when studied in the artiBt's own studio. Mr. Marcus Stone, Svho is îapidly getting over a cortain stilted rigidity which deprived bia earlier works of the power of exciting enthusiasm by depriv- ing them of realism and emotion, gives us a treat in one of bia academy pictures. It re »presents an episode of the Reign of Terror ¿here must havo been a terrible number of Such scenes-in which a beautiful aristocrate Ss pleading to one of the sanguinary monsters ¡of the convention for the life of her lover. 3 think I can trace the results of deep study of that beautiful and dreadful painting in the Luxembourg, which nobody who has seen it can ever forget-Le dernier appel des con '?damnés-inMr. Marcus Stone's work. Theman Vhoso awful power the wretched girl is de- precating, turns his back on her while he leads her petition, and he is an ordinary per Bon enough. Any one of the villains and -madmen of the period, in an official costume of that date, might have served the artist aa a model -, but there is something in the face and the attitude of the semi-brutal man in a ^carmagnole (who looks, with eyes full of the basest kind of cruelty, at the unhappy I «.oman, who has fallen down across a chair ia the helpless anguish of supplication, in. \- rnoie, far more than the bitterness of the death from which she hopes, or does not hope,'which ia it? to save a beloved one). (which reminds one of the hideous greffier in the French picture, who is smoking his pipe, and leering as one great name after another is read from the appel The details of this work are admirable, quite correct, and beautifully carried out, yet they do not annoy one by over-elaborateness, as Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Word's details of coatume and accessories in their historical pictures annoy one, making one feel that, like Mark Tapley's ideal of a United States general in the army, tbey are "all coat and waistcoat, with nothing but a stick insido." The first thing we see in Mr. Marcus Stone's picture is the terrible human tragedy of it, the deep and agonising meaning of the design. Then comes perception of the manipulation, and study of the details in furniture, coBtume, and accessories. One of the art critics compares the expression of the ruffian's face-the unofficial mulan, I mean, not the governing potentate-to that of "abalf-awakened dog ;" butin this he is unjust to even an ignoble dog, if there ¡exist such a phenomenon. In comparison with this fine, touching, and terrible picture, Mr MarcuB Stone's "Rejected" is tame, though the execution is admirable. But the second ought to be looked at first With one's mind and one's eyes lull of that Bcene of the Terror, a young girl and her lover in the remarkably uninteresting coBtume of the second decade of the present century are not very attractive. The young lady has said "Mo;" but though that does not mean "yes" at the moment which is caught upon the canvas, it will mean "yeB" the day after to-morrow. It seems almost a pity that the artist should have expended so much ad- mirable work on a subject so little attractive to the imagination. It might serve to illus- trate nine out of ten of the fifth-rate novels which are turned out in Buch surprising numbers. A similar reflection is inspired by a very pretty and well-done "Study," for bo it is called-I don't in the least know why by Mrs. Gosse, who is better known as Miss Nellie Epps, tbe talented Bister of Mrs. Alma Tadema. It must have taken a good deal of time, care, thought, and work to produce so beautifully finished a picture of a little girl, prettily arrayed in a white frock, with a yellow sash, who is standing on tiptoe to look into an enormous jar of Indian porcelain, after her shuttlecock, which has fallen into that, to her, unfathomable gulf. It is very pretty, very simple, very refined, and beauti- fully done, but who could care to look per- petually, or even frequently, at a child standing on tiptoe and peering into a big jar? Mrs. GoBse has so much ability, and is so true and cultivated an artist, that one regrets to see her indulge in puerilities of design, and mere millinery and upholstery effects. I hear a great deal about two portrait "studies" by Mr. E. J. Gregory, the young painter who gained the Watta prize at the Manchester Exhibition. The artist has departed from the horrid conventionalities of modern por. trait painting ; his "studies" are not in tail- coats, or shooting costumea, or "pink and leathers," they are in picturesque attire of the past, one being in complete armour, with a crimson Boah across the steel cuirass, and a helmet held in the left hand. Whether a portrait in a fancy dress be a pleasant pos- session for the original and bia friends is a matter which does not concern the public ; there can be no doubt that as a picture the result is much to be admired. Mr. Gregory is held to be a very rising artist indeed, and certain to take a high place among the colonrists, for we subdivide the art of painting now to a somewhat distracting extent Some of your readers may perhaps remem- ber a painting by Mr, Boughton, which I described last year, and which illustrated a phase of English social life not pleasant to think of. It waa one of the favourites of the last year's Academy, and represented a brutal follow trudging along with his dog and his pipe, while his heavily-laden wife, dull, spiritless, weary, and bullied, toiled feebly after him, This year Mr. Boughton sends a counterpoise to his former unpleasantly real picture of rural life. It is called "A Surrey Idyll." It presents a beautiful English land- scape at twilight, the soft sweet serenity of evening being finoly presented. A bank of trees crosses the canvas, and a meadow tra- versed by a sparkling stream forms the fore, ground. By the side of the brook, on the grass, some gleaners are resting ; the women are not much idealised, and their attitudes are natural in their reposeful grace. A young shepherd, whose flock is now wandering in the meadow, ia helping one of the gleaners across the narrow Btream ; the young moon is rising over the beautiful scene. It is all as pretty and as " civilised " as the former was suggestive of coarseness and misery. Mr. Alma Tadema, a few of whose choice works have been exhibited in a little collec- tion which has attracted very great attention, Bends a fine picture in his best; style of antique manners, called "An Audience at Agrippa's." The indefatigable artist has woiked very hard upon this painting, which I had the pleasure of seeing in its very early BtogeB, and I expect it to be reckoned among the very best of his works. The Minister is coming down the grand stair- case, below which the daily group of suitors is gathered together. The chief effect of colonr in the picture is produced by the sun- light on the rich costumes of the throng of followers ; and the marble of the steps and the wall of the palace is exquisitely cool, pure, and translucent by contrast The de. tails of this painting are most beautifully finished, and the architectural beauties of the palace are worked out more finely than in almost any other of the artist's works. It is ungrateful to express weariness of unfailing and continuous excellence ; but it is impos- sible not to experience tho sentiment when one finds oneself opposite to a picture by Mr, Goodall, with sheep being washed very much against their inclination in the fore- ground, and the Pyramids in their eternal sentinelship in the background. "Sheep washing" is a very fine paintim; in its way, but that way ia much worn, and we are aimost as tired of it as of the inevitable "Ophelia," and the ever-recurrent "Scene from the Vicar of Wakefield," without which no exhibition of the Royal Academy can be complete. Very bright, very smooth, very shiny, and, doubtlesB, perfectly correct in every particular, " Sheep-washing" would be a delightful picture if we had not seen it very often before. Mr. Goodall is like the Frenoh artist Fromentin-he has Egypt on the brain Mr. Herkomer'a Academy picture is very unlike his " Chelsea Pensioners," and not, to my mind, so interesting or bo striking. In the " Chelsea Pensioners" the artist had and availed himself of an opportunity of studying the various phases and expressions of old age such as hardly any othor subject could have presented. There they wore, in extraordinary variety, and presonted with extraordinary forco and truth. In the breasts of the group which toll the story of "At Death's Door," there ia but one feeling, and in their faces but one expression-that of anxiety. A cottage, of the red pine wood of which the cottages in the Bavarian Alps are built, ia the acenoof the action of the picture. Its lurid red rafters stand out harshly from the sky, the mountain, and the valley. The members of a peasant family are kneoling outside the doorway, awaiting the coming of the priest, who ia bringing the last conso- lations of religion to the mother, who is dying within the cottage. The priest is on his way ; we see him through a gap, but they cannot see him yet ; and there is an agony of expectation in every face. The pathoB of this picture is undeniable, and its execution is quite up to last year's malle, but I do not think it will diaplace the " Pensioners" as a first favourite. The usual contingent of young ladies taking afternoon tea, and of kindred inani- ties will of course be sent to the Academy, and I apprehend the "rink" pictures will be numerous. Nor is the plague of portraits likely to be abated. But I hear rumours of some charming landscapes, and of Mr. J fojntcr, Mr. Marks, and Mr, Calderon,'] sending pictures above the average merit of their respective prodnctim. Mr. Alfred Hunt sends a beautiful Welsh landscape, full of his invariable tenderness and com- prehension, and his true and delicate colour- ing. Close by the Burlington galleries is the Bur- lington Club, which for the treat it has been affording us of late deserves much public gratitude. It is very seldom that some at- tractive collection is not to be found gathered together within its walls, and it does not re- strict the boneDt of these good deeds to its own members, but is liberal in its invitations to those who care to prout by them. At one time it is a priceless collection of glass which is to be seen, at another most of the known masterpieces of Japanese lacquer work, or a series of rare engravings or pictures, which could not easily have been got together in any other way. Now the lot has fallen on William Blake, the half-insane genius of the latter part of last century and the earlier part of this. The collection forms a complete history of his working life. There are the designs for the history of Joseph, which are amongst his earliest exhibited drawings, and are smooth, polished, conventional, and entirely after the manner of their day, without one touch to show Blake's originality of thought or method. They are almost as in.ipid as the works of Angelica Kauffmann, and much in the same style. Blake, however, soon Bhook off the bond- age of conventionality and became himself, that is, utterly unlike any other artist who ever either lived or is likely to live How could be have been otherwise when for him the whole world was peopled by spirits whose presence was even more vividly real than that of the beings of actual flesh and blood amongst whom he lived and moved. Hear what he says himself on this subject : "I assert for myself that I do not behold the outward creation, and that to me it is hind- rance and not action. 'What,' it will be questioned, ' when the sun rises, do you not see a disc of ure somewhat like a guinea V 'Oh no, no no 1 I see an innumerable com- pany of the heavenly host, crying Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty.' I question not my corporal eye any more than I would question a window concerning sight, I look through it and not with it." This being the temper of his mind, it is but natural that moBt of his inspiration should be drawn from the spiritual world, and that provided he bad but a crnst of bread and a roof to cover him, he should be utterly careless of any other. He writes My banda are laboured day and night, And rest cornea never in my eight ; My wlfo haano indulgence given Except what cornea to her from Heaven. We oat little, we drink loas. The earth heed» not our happiness. Her happiness, as is well known, was found in obeying every wuh of her husband's heart -years of her life were spent in patiently copying his poems in the painfully Blow and minute way which he had invented for him- self os a method of reproducing them. Most of the subjects of his more important draw- ings are taken from the Bible, or from Milton or Dante. The Bedes from the Book ot Job are perhaps the beBt known and the finest. It rangeB between the most powerfully ren- dered Bcenes of despair and the most graceful representations of returning joy and gladness Some aresimplygrotesque.mostofthemdaring in their realism-God and his angels being in all Blake's works represented with the fearlessness and intimacy of treatment of the earliest masters. Job's despair at the last ¡b very finely given. Blake is indeed almost unrivalled in depicting phases of human suffering. In the series I am describing, nearly every shade of it finds expression. There is the crushing grief and pain when Job learns from the breathless messenger the laBt of his great losses, that all his sons and daughters are killed - nevertheless, strongly affected as he is, it ¡b manifest that he ¡B Btill able to Bubmit to the will of God. After this, in each drawing we are led on until Job is more and more over- masted hy overwhelming sorrow, until at last he riseB np and curses the day when he was horn. This is one of the very finest drawings of the series. In it the workings of Job's face are seen ; but one of the strongest signB of Blake's power is the way in which he can show, by the huddling together of limbs and the bow ing of the head, how the iron has entered into the soul, though the face of the sufferer remains bidden. Perhaps the sketch of Ugolino in the Tower of Famine is the most terrible picture of enraged despair ever painted. It ia almost too terrible to look |at He is Bitting on the floor of his dungeon, crouched down into the very smallest compass poBBible. His head rests on his knees. His face looks right out of the picture with eyes burning with anger and frantic agony. Two of his children are Bitting by him, and his arms gather them to hie side. Before bim sit in rigid attitudes of hopeless misery his two other ohildren. This is a small drawing ; very few strokeB are used to place the scene before one ; nor ¡s there any help from colour, for a mere waBh of neutral tint is all that the artist has cared to use, and yet the feeling is so truly given that I am sure every beholder will be haunted by this picture for years. Before I leave the Job series, I must notice the Behemoth and Leviathan drawing. The former is most splendidly drawn, and the expression of cruel strength most admirably given. Blake, indeed, had a special faculty for giving force and individuality to representa- tions of animal life. His "Ghost of a Mea" is nothing more than a pencil sketch in out- line, yet it not only keeps np a certain re- semblance to the insect depicted, but has a strange flavour besides of human cunning and cruelty. "Nebuchadnezzar" is another picture which-represents the nnion of the human and brutal nature. It is very repul- sive but wonderfully powerful, and I was about to say life-like. The face is that of a man who has yielded to the brutish part of his nature. With Buch a face as that, indeed, it is natural that the great King before us should appear on all fours ; and little more than his own degraded face is needed to cause us to rank him with the beasts of the field. His hair and beard hang about him like a shaggy mane, and his nails have become claws, and so he stands as a warning to thoBe who prefer "growing downwardB." BeBides the collection of drawings from the Book of Job, thore is a very interesting set of illustrations to "ComuB," and a large number of sketches illustrating the history of our Lord. All of these are fanciful, though many are very beautiful and grace- ful ; others are Bimply grotesque, and some of them even ridiculous in their gro tesqueness. Then, thero are four heads of Dante, Milton, Shakspeare, and. Homer oxo cuted in bronze-like brown, and of oblong shape, as if intended for spaces above doors That of Dante is very fino and imaginative, but Blake does not seem to have grasped so well tho characteristics of the threo other poets, for he fails to add dignity to his por- traits of them. Thon come two long draw- ings of the various characters in the " Fairy Queen" and in the "Canterbury Pilgrims." The latter design is the hotter of the two, and Blake seems to have caught the feeling of the time very truly. The landscape back- ground is very true to fact and some of the figures remarkably lifoliko, but the Wife of Bath is exaggerated and somewhat of a blot on the whole. Thoro is a drawing of " Jacob's Ladder." Jacob, of course, is lying fast asleep in the foreground, and the ladder he Baw in his dream is winding np to the heights oj heaven, while up and down its spiral length move bright figures, happy and bloBt In " The Birth of Eve," Adam is lying asleep, and God standing majestic by his side, with hand extended over him. Beneath God's hand Eve rises from Adam's aide, looking meek and beautiful as she gazes reverently in her Maker's face. " The Breach in the City Wall " is one of the few secular aubjeots. The breach has been mads in the night> after a hard resistance, and at dawn an old man on crutcheB and a dis- tracted woman are standing by it The pop is filled with dead bodies. A woman Sob found her huBband among them, and is frantically kissing his dead face. Others are searching amongst the bodies of those lying on the plain without, in anxious dread of finding those dear to them. Birds and beasts of prey are prowling near, and the early dawn is just breaking. Another pic- ture of this kind is a husband parting from wife and child while murderers are hiding close by, waiting only till he is left alone to fall on him and kill him. The unconscious- ness of this in the husband and wife's happy and innocent faces is very touching. There are three drawings hanging side by aide, one of the "Redemption" and two of the "Last Judgment," which are very striking, and in which Blake's art is more methodised and less fantastically grotesque than usual God Bits on his judgment seat at the top, with the fonr-and-twenty elders ranged round his throne, and Adam and Eve kneeling full of penitence before Him. From the graves at the bottom of the drawing (which is a long upright) rise the dead and mount upwards on the left side to judgment. Many a meeting takes place aa they go, of lover and mistress, or loDg-parted dear ones, but all soar up- wards, and very beautiful most of these float- ing figures are ; norie there any limit to the grace and skill of the whole composi- tion. Judgment follows, and then they either float away into the realms of bliss, or are thrust down into the power of Satan. All down the right side of the drawing hideous, struggling, contorted bodies are falling into the flames which spring up ready to receive them at the bottom- There is an immense deal to study in these three compositions. Many of the drawings exhibited appear very Blight, but it is surprising with how few touches Blake could make a picture which no elaboration could improve, in the sense of making it convey a more vivid idea of what the artist intended to represent. One very perfect pic- ture ia " Angels Conveying the Souls of the Blest to Heaven ;" this ia as Blight aa it is pos- sible for a drawing to be, but so well com- posed and graceful in drawing that it is singularly attractive. "David Confronting Goliath" is an ugly and grotesque drawing Goliath is gigantic in stature and frightfully hideous ; David, the merest stripling, in green, stands boldly before him, unarmed save with his sling. He is not much taller than the giant's shield, which, embossed and emblazoned with strange devices, is carried before him. Amongst the most beautiful things in the collection are the "Songs of Inno- cence"-the artist's own poems, repro- duced in a tedious but inexpensive manner invented by himself, and carried out with loving patience by his wife. The poems seem to be printed in reddish brown, and in Borne cases the illustrations are in the same colour, but others are coloured after nature, and in those, which are most delicately done, are to be found the sole indication that Blake bad any true sense of colour. In his draw- ings the colonr, when it is more than a slight wash, is harsh and offensive; but some of the illustrations to these poems are perfectly sweet and true The poems themselves are very charming, and, if Blake had bnt given a little more care to them, would frequently have been absolutely perfect As it is, the whole beauty of a poem which has delighted us for a verse or two is often marred by a line full of childish awkwardness. Blake was fond of illustrating books upon the margin of the page which held the letter-press. Here are two large volumes of rouni7'« Night Thoughts in folio, on every page of which he baa drawn figures which cover all that re- mains of the page after the thin rivulet of verse bos found place. These booka are, like the others, in glass cases, and cannot be examined in detail, but the page which lies open before us contains very striking illus- trations, and there are nearly 500 of them. Amongst all these devils, witches, spirits of good and evil, monBters, and hideous imagi- nations of mental and bodily tortures, it is strange to see the portrait of Blake himself, and to find him a good-tempered, easy . going, bright . eyed, round . cheeked, comfortable old gentleman, with a face bubbling over with benevolence. The adina of William Blake, whom the Saturday Review, with its usual uncompro- mising curtnoss, calls " the mad artist," has been carried to an unreasonable extent by the Roesettis and their disciples in art, poetry, and literature. The Eossotti-Swin bumian clique have so overlaid the popular notion of the strangely-gifted artist with ver- bose praise, in which they have exhausted all the fantastic terms of their comprehensive phraseology, that be is as vague to the minds of most people as one of his own spirit haunted visions. The real truth about him is touching and interesting. All the literary journals have had something' to say about Blake since the exhibition of his works at the Burlington Club has been open ; and of them all I think the Examiner has most fairly defined the man. I subjoin an extract from the Examiner, which ia ontirely borne out by the impression which a Btudy of the works in the exhibition leaves upon one's mind : "The extreme naïveté, and childishness of Blake's mind kept him always outside the limitB of an actual world. He had no gift to realise the gradations of emotion or the changes of passion tbat spring from the com- bination of character and circumstance, and when he has to deal with themes which imply this combination, and need for their expression a true understanding of all the complex problems of actual life, the invention fails, and leaves the artist only a naked image, which wants all the human cloth- ing to make it more than the image atiuck from the inspired brain of a child. That Blake himself felt this limitation of power we may know from bia own often expressed repugnance for the living model. He was wont to declare that the presence of the model killed tho imagination of the artist, and left him at the mercy of mere reality, and this feeling was so Btronginhim that even the beauties of the outward world hindered rather than helped the processes of his art. His own life and character, too, reflect in the complètent manner the quali- ties to be found in his design. Through a long career he successfully repelled both tho rich result of human experience and tho Btuin of common life. He kept to the end a peculiar isolation and a singular purity of soul with an imagination that penetrated further and furthor into tho world of vision in proportion na it retreated powerless at the touch of actual fact. " This failure to comprehend or to inter- pret the complexities of human passion is, nevertheless, consistent with the utmost sublimity in the rendering of human mytho- logy. Between the opposites of good and evil and of beauty and terror liea the wholo tract of the real world in which Blake ia nearly powerless, but in all the flights that the spirit may maka boyond those limits Blake is a euro guide and companion. He can travel Bofely and Bwiftly either to hell or heaven, and can people all the distant and Bliadowy places of a super-sensual world with forms and faces of certain portraiture. Satan summoning the rebel angela, or Christ with outstretched arms wolconnng the host of little children winging towards him through the golden light of heaven, are themes equally under the command of his genius. And where a human legend, such as that of the patriarch Job, risea to epic height and throws off all the minute proprieties of the human drama, Blake's imagination ia stil> powerful, and he can link together in his art the abstract passions of the human actors and the circumstances of superhuman agency in the samo intimate association and with the perfect harmony that they hold in the written history." Amongst new picture galleries is one which calls iteelf tho Fine Art Company (Limited). Its rooms are in Bond-street, but the moat novel port of its composition is that it is an attempt at trading on the highest principles of honour and honesty. A gentleman is at the head who buys drawings directly from the painters, and sells them again at a fixed per- centage. At present this gallery is full of copieB of Turner's vignettes for Rogers's Italy,' and some unpublished drawings for the Rivers of France. ' These copies bave been made by Mr. Ward, whom Mr. Ruskin has trained for 10 years, until he is thus able to produce an exact fac simile of the great maBter's work. Line for line, and touch for toncb, the drawings follow those of Turnor. Even de feots are faithfull} copied, and tua conse- quence is that it ia now In the power of everyone to buy a drawing which looks exactly like an original for £15, instead of paying four or five hundred. On the margin of each copy is a tiny inscription, "Examined and approved by me, John Ruskin," in tho approved University fashion, with the date when seen. This act of Mr. Ruskin seems to na moat doubtfully right and wise. For us living in England-at least for those amongst us who know that the ori- ginals of all theso drawings aro in the National Gallery-it in very easy to go there, Bhould a copy be hereafter offered to us for sale as an original, and Bee for our selves where the original is, but there is a danger for the future, when the drawings shall have left the honest hands they are in at pteBent. It is so easy to cut off Mr. Ruekin's signature, which is low down on the paper, and far away from the drawing ; and then these copies would sell in America or on the Continent for the genuine Turners which they appear to be. They are simply admirable as reproductions, and many of them splendid as drawings (here we are criticising copies as originalB, and indeed they are identical), but as they were designed with special reference to black and white, no one need be surprised or amazed to find that in most caseB the vignette in black and white in Rogers's Italy is finer than the coloured drawing from which it was taken. Some of the copies have the honour of carrying about with them a few touches from Mr. Buskin's own hand. A story is going that a lady who has devoted much time to the endeavour to imitate Turner's work, roansbip, and who has copied many of his drawings in the National Gallery, was work- ing there one day with some fellow-students, when Mr. Ruskin passed through the Gallery. She was bo anxious for his approbation and criticism that, in spite of some advice to the contrary, she insisted on showing him her woik, and asking him how he thought she bad succeeded. " Madam," said Mr. Ruskin, "if you would only spend half the time in matching Turner's colours that you would in matching your ribbons and laces, you would produce something much moro like the original than this." Another picture gallery recently esta- blished is one which is looked on as some- what of a rival to the Royal Academy. It is in the bands of a private company, and Sir Coutts Lindsey is at the head of it Report edjb that a sum of £70,000 has been put into the undertaking. The gallery is to be be- tween Sond-Btreet and Grosvenor-street. No one can send works to this gallery for exhibi- tion without a special invitation to do so, but then sn invitation amounts to a pledge that whatever is sent will be well hung. There is this attraction also, that a certain amount of space will be assigned to each attiBt, and that all his works, if he sends more than one, will be hung together. No one who is not himself an artist can appre- ciate the advantage of having no other pic- tures near bis own. Mr. Boehm has, I hear, contributed an un. usually fine piece of sculpture to the Royal Academy Exhibition. The subject is " St George and the Dragon," and much amuse- ment was excited by Mr. Boehm sending down to measure the doors of Burlington house to see if his gigantio contribution could be got in. It would have been too bad if the national saint had been refused ad- mission. Mr, Henry Moore has painted a very large picture for the exhibition of the launching of a lifeboat Thèîigures are very large, and the picture likely to increase Mr. Moore's reputation. Mr. Millais' landscape was bought by a new adventurer in the picture trade. The story goes that one morning a young Jewish-looking stranger called on Mr. Millais to ask if he bad any picture unsold Mr. Millais said he had a landscape. The price was £3,500. The visitor said, " Will you give me five minutes to think of it? I will spend the time outside your house in walking up and down, and then come back and tell you my decision." In five minutes he returned, and not only said he would take the picture, hut drew from his pocket-book notes to the amount of the price. TIiíb new picture-dealer is said to belong to the celebrated firm of Moses and Sons, but he has veiled that fact by changing his name. Report says that he has given Mr. Millais a commission of £15,000 for a large landscape, on condition that it is not sent to the Royal Academy. He bopeB to recoup himself by exhibiting it alone in London and elsewhere. Miss Thompson also bas been similarly tempted. She ia not going to send her picture to any public exhibition, bat exhibit it alone in town and country. In this way Bhe will probably realise a very large sum of money. The old Water-colour Society has been doing its best to repair its losses by the elec- tion of five new associates-Mr. Henry Moore, Mr. Otto Weber, Mr. T. Waite, Mr. Barnes, and Mr. Parker. At the same meeting Mr. Powell and Mr. E. E. Johnson were elected full members. 