CRICKETING IN THE METROPOLIS. (from; qui: Melbourne correspondent.) Saturday, February 12th. The most important event to-day, m cricketing circles, was tlie game—for it coulu not be called a match—between the eleven chosen to proceed to Sydney, and represent this colony at the approaching Intercolonial Hatch, and eighteen members of the Mel bourne and South Melbourne Clubs. The game was arranged so as to give the eleven an opportunity of fielding together, and right well they had it, for at the time of leaving the ground only a few of their oppo nents'"vickets had fallen, and the score was considerable. Allan and Ballard, represent in,, the eighteen, were hrst sent to the wickets, ferry, the newly- arrived profes sional, and Sam Cosstick, took up the bowl in". The field was placed in a cluster, somewhat similar to the stylo adopted by the New South Welshmen. I shall say nothing about the batting, beyond that it was exceedingly good and far superior to the bowling, showing that if the latter qualifica tion is to win the match, an improvement is necessary. A great deal was expected from Terry, and hut little was received. He at last got at Allan's wicket, who had succeeded in winning 24. 1—24—34. Allee then re lieved Cosstick, who had not been bowling in liis usual form, and Cormack took tbc vacant wicket. Terry then improved in his bowling, and bowled three maidens in suc cession? Terry then changed ends, with 110 better results, for 6 were made off his first over. At this rate the board soon displayed 50\. Horan then relieved Allee, and with his third ball sent Ballard to the pavilion. o 07 54. Kelly nexc went to the wicket, and at the time of my leaving the ground the score stood as follows :— Allan, b Terry " 23 Ballard, b Horan ... 27 Cormack, not out ••• 23 Kelly, not out — 36 The excellent wicket-keeping of Elliott was the only noticeable piece of play on the part of the eleven. Thenextcontestwasthat for tlielongsought for Challenge Cup. This was played on the ground of the East Melbourne Club (holders), between a,ratlicr weak representation of that club, owing to the absence of some of their best men, and fifteen of St. Kilda. ^ There was a poor attendance of spectators, in fact, there were not. fifty persons outside the pavilion. The St. Kilda team was sent to the wicket, and at a late hour the score stood as follows :— T. Shew, b Searcey ••• ° T. Watson, b Seareey ... In Kyte, b Searcey ••• 2 Kinder, c Eorester, b Boyle — 3 Straclian, c Howston, b Boyle ... 7 T. lUddell, b Searcey ... !l Knox,b Boyle ••• <> H. Boss, b Boyle ••• Hcdley, b Boyle ••• '7 M'Doimell, cBiggall, b Carr ... 4_ COltIO V KARDINIA l'AKK C.C. On Saturday fourteen of the Kardinia Park C.C. tried conclusions with the'- first eleven of tlie Corio, on one of the finest wickets ever seen on our only real cricket ground. This looked as green as a leek, and as smooth as a bowling-green, but the couch grass caused the ball to "kick" sometimes, and rise very slowly at others. This, how- 1 ever, was 110 fault of the curator, Butt, and if the ground is sown with English grass | during the winter, and proper soil provided, there is very little doubt he will be able to produce as good wickets as any in Mel bourne, or even 011 tlie far-famed Ballarat oval. Tlie game was cliiefly noticeable for the very brilliant display of batting by Thomas, who made 101 -without giving the ghost of a chance ; this, considering the manner in which the ball bumped now and again, made the performance equal to the display the same player made on the Yarra Bend ground, when 1S5 runs were credited to him. Cutlibertson also batted iu great form, but having hit a " fiver" and then a " sixer," it was bellows to mend with liiui; and not being able to raise bis bat quickly enough, he was clean bowled. None of tlie others particularly distinguished themselves, but Chater appeared iu for a long score, when lie was given out in error. The total was 184. The fielding of the twelve—tivo of the team being absent—was very fair; Smart showing great activity in the field, and being most effective with the ball. Roche's wicket-keeping was also good —with practice there is probably not a man in Gcelong to equal liim in that position— certainly not surpass him. The cap tains, Messrs Bippon and G. Heal, had agreed it should be a two days match ; but when the stumps were drawn, Mr Heal, very judiciously, threw up the sponge, all his men having succumbed for tlie very small total of 35. This was chiefly owin" to Kippon's slows, which the batsmen remarked were " nothing when you get used to them but it was the getting used to tlicm that bothered them. Veitoh also bowled remarkably well, but with remarkably bad luck. The umpires, Messrs Dickenson and Wheatland, and subsequently Messrs J. J. Bucklaud and Koche, gave every satisfac tion. The following were the scores :— C'OKIO C.C.—FIRST INNINGS. Thomas, c Sharp, bG. Heal ...101 Cutlibertson, b 0. Heal ... 29 Veitcli, 1 b w, b Smart ... 1 Francis, b Heal ... 1 Bippon, b Smart ... 0 Clay ton, c and b Smart ... 7 Chater, 0 Sharp, b Smart ... 9, Birdsey, c and b Smart ... 2 Hanson, b Smart ••• 0 Vance, not out :,r 0 Hall, b Smart ••• 7 Sundries ... 27 Total ...184 KARDINIA PARK.—FIRST INNINGS. Roche, c Clayton, b Rippon ... 1 Sharp, c Vance, b Bippon ... 0 Smart, c Vance, b Rippon ... 4 Wilshire, lbw, b Veitch ... 3 Heal, stpd Hall, b Rippon ... 0 Lee, b Rippon ... 14 Smurton, c and b Rippon ... 3 Dickens, c Hall, b Veitch ... 2 Cakebread, b Veitch ... 1 Merchant, b Bippon ... 1 Tucker, c and b Rippon ... 1 Hobbs, b Rippon ... 1 Robinson, c Hanson, b Rippon ... 0 Roche (sub), not out ... 1 Byes 2, leg-byes 1 ... 3 Total —.35 Bowling Analysis.—For the Corio— Smart bowled 10S balls," 77 runs, 7 wickets ; G. Heal, 117 balls, 50 runs, 4 maidens, 3 wickets ; Sharp, 12 halls, 16 runs; Smurton, 12 balls, 14 runs. For tlie Kardinia Park— Bippon (slow) bowled 56 balls, 15 runs, 10 wickets; Veitck, 49 balls, 17 runs, 2 maidens, 3 wickets. BANKS V LAW. This match was played on Saturday on the Corio cricket ground, and, contrary to general expectation, resulted 111 a victory for the men of parchment. The financiers went first to the wickets and put together 57 runs—E Wills hitting out for 15, -Leunon doing some tall "pulling'.'to the time of 13, Williams making 10, and Sparrow 8. For the Law," Eden and M'Laughlin made the stand, con tiibuting GO anil 10 respectively. Armour totted up 11 and Q'Halloran C, tlie total, with 7 byes, being 68, or 11 runs in advance of their opponents. The bowling of Edenj M'Laughliii, Cullen, and Wills -was very fair, the lirst-named showing the best form. There not being sufficient time to play outthc second innings it ivas decided by the first, Eden obtaining the ball for the highest scorer. The game was much enjoyed by the two elevens, and no doubt the contest will be made an nual. SARDINIA V. ARGYLE. The first eleven' of the Argyle and a team chosen from the Kardinia Club met on Satur day afternoon on the ground of the latter. The game resulted in a draw in favor of the Argyle, who retained possession of the wickets nearly the whole of the afternoon, thanks to the bowling put on against them. The ICardinia were without their usual trundlers, which, as might be supposed, was largely taken advantage of by the Argyleites, who, having been strengthened by the addition of tlfc " stars " of the .Alliance Club, made things very warm for their opponents. The chief scorers on their side were, Best 32, Berry 31, Som mers 35, and Sparrow 12. The two former showed the best form, although they would have been relegated to the cool shades of the gaol fence long before they were, if the chances given had been taken. The fielding of the Kardinia eleven ■with one or two exceptions was execrable, for instance Summers gave three chances to one fieldsman an emergency which he de clined each time. Besides these three chances he had three other lives. The Kar dinia wicket-keeper showed very bad taste by walking off the ground because the um pire refuse to give two men out stumped. Although the men were fairly out, he was decidedly wrong in acting as he did. The total of the Argyle was 146, a score obtained by tbe looseness of the bowling and bad genoialship and fielding of the kardinians, rather than by auy particular merit in their batting, as the majority of them stuck their bat where they thought the ball was coming, shut their eyes, and trusted to luck for the rest. ' Tlio Kardinians had twenty-five minutes left to have a hat after the termination of their opponent's innings, and succeded in making 31 rnns for the loss of six wickets when time was called. It was with difficulty the Kardinia could find six men to go in, the number being made up -with emergencies. The bowl ing of Hall was very puzzling from his pecu liar delivery. Crohan was top scorer with 17 (not out). Bowling Analysis :—For Ar gyle—Marchant, IS balls, 12 rnns; C. ' Hanna, 66 balls, 24 runs, 4 maidens, 2 wickets, 1 wide ; - Blair, 54 balls, 34 runs, 3 wickets ; Woollard, 20 balls, 0 runs, 1 mai den, 2 wickets ; France, 36 balls, 20 runs, 1 wide; J. Hanna, 78 balls, 32 runs, 3 mai dens, 3 -wickets; M'Swccney, 21 balls, 1 maiden, 4 runs, 1 wide. For the Kardinia— Berry, 24 balls, 20 runs, 3 wickets; Hall, IS balls, 11 runs, 3 wickets. VACTORIES V. IIREAKWATER—THE. JUXIOR CUP. Contrary to expectations the termination of this contest was closer than anticipated, the holders just managing to win'the game with two wickets to spare. When the stumps were drawn on the previous occasion the Breakwater in tlieir second innings had lost five wickets for 20 runs, requiring five more to catch the Factories first innings. However, the remaining batsmen were not disposed of until they bad brought tbe score up to 51. This left the holders 23 to get to win. C. and S. Brearlcy were the top scorers, with 14 and 12 respectively. It was thought the Factories eleven would easily pull off 23 runs, but owing to tbe bowling of l'ettigrew and Brearley 4 wickets fell for 7 runs, and then 7 for 19, when Wihnicott got two threes, which won the match. Some little unpleasantness occurred at the termina tion of the game, whieli was subsequently amicably settled. 