tlflHG ot fieiul The Forthcoming Demons-tp,""" —The committee met last evenino 1 ' final arrangements for the public gd"d.,nfd« tion which is to beheld on MooilIT """ba the occasion of the opening of the »o.n school, 4c. The doings for the j already been published. By an advert?. ' it will be observed the members of Friendly nocie.iea are to meet in Lrm.7, street at 10.30 ft.ni., below the Com. Hotel. In tbe evening there will hT. banquet at the Town-hall, tickets foJIb"? can be obtained from an; memL. ,ok suttee. er of con- A blLVBBSMITH's WoBK OH Aet A new public buildings. It is decided fwSt ofart; thehandleiaofivory, withtwiS work, nicely carved ; the trowel itself wT »f "riM >£«. with nchly domed border" bearing the following inscription oeaSv and artistically engraved " PnaenbJl, foe Honorable J. A. Macphereon by tfa Hamilton Borongh Council, on the ooarim of hia laying the foundation-stone Government offices, Hamilton. SenuT ber 25th 1876." Tbe trowel, which U. credit to M eeara. Farroll and Son, ia enclosed in a morocco case, lined with bine velvet A Deputy-Sheriff and Soeebdj under! foe Hamilton.— We think we us correct in stating that the request recn.fi! made by the Borongh CouncU reepSf? deputy-sheriff and superintendent oi pofin being stationed at Hamilton, will be grenfrj Indeed, now that the Supreme Court is hda here, and oar's ia to be the central gaol fo, this bailiwick, we can hardly eee how it oonld be otherwise. In Re G. T. Maddison. — The meetum in tbe estate of Mr. G. T. Maddison7iin& tioneeit held last Thursday, was attended bv boat fifty creditors, and Mr. D. LaidUw u voted into the chair. According to the afotementnhmftted. the Nafa'py.) ngj iSSSSgr Mrionemente £2336 I6s ; asaeta, £500 I5s 3dde&cieacv; £1836 0s 9d. Mr-MaddiaonaUtri tS; necessity for calling the meeting arew ran the stoppage of Messrs. M'lntoeh and Monnt Gambler, who were indebted to him in tbe snm of £1266. but if time were allowed him, he might be able to offer a compoohon of five shilling. „ jj, ponnd-hrif-a-orown p»yable in one month, ftod halfMrown in four months. The ere- ditore appeared to think teat, if any aaoority oonld be greeny rt would be better to accept tbia proposal than to place the estate in the insolvent court Mr. Maddison said he should require to see some friends in Mel bourne before being in a position to give a satisfactory guarantee; and, in tbe meantime it was resolved that Messrs. Younger, Rn.il grave, Lord, and Banlch should form a com mittee to investigate the acoonots, and report npon them to a future meeting, to be convened aa soon aa tbe committee had com pleted their tank; Clerical Changes.— We are informed that the Rev. Father Fennelly, who has for some time past been in charge of this portion of the Roman Catholic diocese of Ballarat, ie to be transferred to Creawick, and will be succeeded by tbe Rev. Father Hoyne. Father Fennelly ia so well known by bis co-religion ists in this district, that u new information can be supplied abont him. Many, however, will regret his removal. Father Hoyne was many years ago stationed at Geeloog. where one of his colleagues was that eminent com poser and enthusiastic son of Erin, the Rev. Father Power. On removing from Geelong, Father Hoyne proceeded to take charge of, we believe, the Keilor district, and since that again has been engaged on pastoral duties at Warrnambool. He is in the prime of life, energetic, genial, and well qnaliiied to take the management of eo large and important a section of the diocese aa this is. In oar advertising columns it will be aeen that the Rev. Mr. Fennelly's furniture ia to be sub mitted to public competition. Hamilton Annual Race Meeting.— A general meeting of members of the Hamil ton Racing Clnb was held yesterday at the Victoria Hotel, when the list of Dominations for the annual meeting in December, aa pub lished in another column, was road over, and gave unqualified satisfaction. Twenty- five have nominated for tbe Western District Cup, one more than this for the Handicap, and thirteen for tbe St. Leger. It was decided hi appoint local handicappere, and much will depend npou these gentlemen as to whether what promise to be aplendid fields will be reduced. If they only do thrir duty any thing like as well as the handioappers for the recent Winter Steeplechase Meeting, we may fairly expect that toe annual meeting ol 1876 will be the beat ever witnessed in this dis trict. At the meeting yesterday, Mr. C. A. Wiggins was presented with a small recog nition, in the shape of a parse of sovereigns, of the valuable services rendered by him at the winter meeting, Mr. Hamilton making some very flattering remarks respecting the manner in which he had performed his duties. After the meeting had terminated, a meeting of the stewards of the winter meeting was held, when a letter was read from Ilr. M'Kellar, stating that he was the owner of the racehorse Micawber when it ran at the winter meeting, that the horse had not been ridden according to his instructions, and therefore he begged that tbe disqualification might be removed. A letter was also read from Mr. R. Cbiroside, jun., stating he had since purchased Mioawber, and wished to ran him at Canlfield. He also asked that the disqualification might be removed. The stewards declined to accede to the request. Declared a Defaulter. — The dis pute between Mr. T. C. Haydon, secretary of the Victoria Coorniog Clnb, and Mr. Fagan, respecting the unpaid bet on tbe late Water loo Cop meeting, was again taken into con sideration at a meeting of the Coursing Clnb held yesterday. A report of the proceedings appears in another column, and by this it will be seen that Mr. Fagan has been deplored a defaulter, bat still remains a member of tbe dub. The Davenport Brothers are an nounced to appear in Ararat with their wonderful cabinet next Tuesday. We are not aware what direction tfo-y are taking after leaving Ararat, bat feel sure they would draw good honeee at Hamilton shonld they come this way. New Insolvent. — Schedule filed at Belfast Patrick Carrol, of Koroit, farmer. Debts, £390 6s ; sasets, £230 13s ; deficiency, £159 13s. Causes of insolvency, loesea sus tained through illness and pressure of cre ditors. A meeting will be held at tbe chief clerk's office on Monday, toe 2nd October, at II o'clock. The Dandenong Fund. — The offer tory collections in the Church of England to morrow are to be in aid of the DandenoDg Relief Fond. We have to acknowledge re ceipt of a cheque for £2 2s from tin. DesLree aa tbe contribution of ber children towards the fond. Primitive Methodist Church, — It is announced, in our adraituiog colomns that the Tfcav, Z, Stuart WayUnd, of Adelaide, will preach io the above-mentioned church to-morrow, and on Monday will deliver a lecture. Stock akd Stations.— A flock of sheep, numbering between 29U0 and 3000, has. we learn, been miseiog from Mr. G4k Wonbadah paddock, below Gunedah, for nearly a month, the Tamvxrrth Examine? stating that no cine con be foaod as to tbeir whereabouts. — Messrs. little and Comans have taken delivery of Hortray station, ia theLochlaa district, with 9500 mixed Bbeep. The New Fever Ward. — We would remind contractors that tbia is tbe last day on which tenders for the erection of tbe oew fever ward and fenciog at the hospital will b received. , , Insolvency Meeting. — Theaajournea meetiogof creditors in tbe estate ol Mesera Mcintosh and Macgogan was held on Monday afternoon, states the Border IVateh, there waa a full attendance of creditors. Abe report on tbe books and transactions of toe firm, prepared as agreed to at last meeting f Mr. W. H. Harrald, was read. It was to tbe effect that the books bad apparently posted np -at long intervals, and ther«dr® showed many irregularities, bat that tpe transactions of the firm were pretty folly cllB' closed by them. Mr. H-rrald was dance, and drew attention to aeveral thing. Which required explanation, „ were made by Messrs. Mcintosh and Mac£a gan. After some discussion Mr. Burton pro- .poaed, and Mr. Umphetsten seconded, a p position that the estate be assigned to Meesra fiord, Turnbull, and Wefaon, for the beneDt of tho creditors. There was no opposition to this, but Only a few hands were held nn in its favour. The chairman (Mr. J. Watson) thought it most desirable that a mire decided expression of opinion should be given. After s good deal of discussion nil the creditors except three expressed themselves in favour o( an assignment, and the three gentlemen named above, with Mr. W. Lindsay, of Glen- coe, were elected trastees. The meeting then closed. ... cboss Purposes. — a at tempt to get tbe site of the railway terminnB at Portland altered, has been signally foiled. Some half-dozen persons living in the vicinity of the proposed new site, very quietly got up memorial to the Minieter, which was signed ! by sixty others, and forwarded the document to Melbonrne, to a yonng blade who was awaiting its receipt, for presentation. a nice old gentleman was "got at" to do the amiable— leaving ont in tbe cold the member for the borough. The memorial was dnly presented as representing the wishes of the inhabitants generally, bat Mr. Jones wanted to know how it was the borough coancU had not Bent it, and a telegram was dnly sent to know, yon know. Meantime another me morial was got np and signed by 160 of the townspeople, requesting the Minuter not to alter the site, and the bnsybodies have bad to beat an inglorious retreat. Verily, Mr. Jones must think the Portlandere are a queer lot to deal with. Tendebs Accepted. — State school at Casterton, W. H. Boyle, £15100 ; State school and quarters at Carapook, W. H. Boyle, £600; State school at Hochkirch, W. H. Boyle, £310. Hamilton Petty Sessions. — On Thursday two children, named respectively George and William Mahon, otherwise Law- son, were brought before Mr. Hamilton, P.M., and charged as being neglected chil dren." Tbey were ordered to be sent to the Industrial School for a period of seven years. Thibd Prize fob Ewes. — Mr. Charles Gray, of Nareeb Nareeb, calls onr attention to an error in onr report of the prize-list at the Hamilton show. He says " The third prize for ewes, which is credited to Messrs. Wm. and D. SkenWtvaa, I understand. the newchubcs' engiakb. -l&r.; Fairburo, the contractor for building the new church, arrived in Hamilton yesterday, and signed the contract. He expeota to begin ; work in about a fortnight, and wilt then posh j on as vigorously as possible. _ . Govebxment Land Sale. — On Wed nesday, Mr. A H. Constable conducted a Government land Bale, when Mr. George Tremble'e 19th section block of 30 acres in the perish of Ballawin, was bought by Mr. Tremble at tbe upset prioe, £1 per ante, with a valuation of £64 5s. The 19th section block of Mr, D. M'Donald, in the parish of Woohl- poor, upset prioe £1 per acre, valuation £330 3s 4d. 30 acres, was bought by him, also at the upset. « Words of Grace," is the title of a new qnarto religions monthly magazine which has been issued by Messrs. J. and A. M'Kin- ley. The new work is printed on tinted paper, and contains s quantity of literary matter admirably adapted for home reading. It is edited by Mr. W. Corrie JohnBton, and published at sixpence per copy. Harrow Back Meeting. — On Mon day, a public meeting is to be held at Harrow for the purpose of appointing trastees of the crarse and electing stewards for the next race meeting, which, onr correspondent in forms as, it is expected, will be a great euc- cricket. — Onr local wielders of the willow will be pleased to observe by reference to oar advertising columns tbat a meeting of members of the Hamilton Cricket Club has been called for Thursday evening next at the Victoria Hotel. As office-bearers will then be elected, and arrangements made for the forthcoming campaign, there ahonld be a full attendance, more especially as the season is close at hand and there ia mnch to be done. Acknowledgment. — The hon. Trea surer of the Hamilton Hospital aod Benevo lent Asylum desires to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of a cheque for £5 5s from Sergeant Sutherland (recently of Har row) ; also an order for throe dozen Bibles, for the nse of the patients, and an invoice of useful clothing for the same purpose. This gentleman, it will be remembered, while in this district gave a donation of £20 to the above institution, together with a large and valuable collection of enitable books of an entertaining and instructive character, ft quantity of excellent clothing, and an ample snpply of bedding material for one bed. By bis donation of £20 he has become a life governor of onr hospital, and although now stationed in New Zealand, he still continues to give substantial proof of the tender interest he feels for the sick and poor. " May his shadow never grow lees 1" In tbe concluding part of his letter Mr. Sutherland says : — " 1 love sod long to hear of Hamilton and yon all. Give tbe whole ot the committee my best respects and best wishes, and all in quiring friendB together. I never was among people that I could do so well with as in Hamilton and the Western district. I was very eorry to part with you all." Prize Sheep silled. — We are in formed that a valuable prize loug woolled ram, belonging to Mr. R. Hood, was acci dentally killed at Caramot on Saturday last. The animal was returning from the Hamilton Show, where he had been exhibited, and was, we believe, penned with several others in a sheep-van. On reaching Caramut the ram was found to be dead, hia neck having been broken — it is supposed through one of bie companions butting him. The value of . tbe ram is stated to bave been about 100 guineas. The AtheN-EUM. — The question as to whether the reading-room in the Athenssum at Melbourne should be thrown open to members oo a Sunday bas been decided by ballot in tbe negative. The Sabbatarians are said to have worked most energetically, bnt they were only able to secure a majority of 42, the numbers befog : — For closing the room, 534 ; for opening it, 492. The test is not generally considered conclusive, as be tween 400 and 500 members did not vote. The ogxrags at the waken fonds. —A full account of this tragedy will be found in our Supplement. It appeals to bave been one of tbe most frightful occur rences of the kind that bas yet been re ported in Victoria, and not at all calculated to increase tbe popularity of the Valley, through which the Waurn chain of Foods runs, as a pi ape of rpsidenpe, Indeed, it had previously gained an unenviable notoriety among some of the old colonists, who can remember a yonng mas named Smith being nearly killed there abont a quarter of a century ago by a band of ruffians; also a frightful murder which occurred at about the same time. For some months the place was Supposed to be hannted by a ghost. Whether this qneapthiy customer has gone to rest ogr correspondent does' not state, but it has not bfieo heard of lately. It wae also j there that tbe late Mr. Brovro, n welLkaoira brewer in Gedoeg, was shot at; ao tbat tbe recent outrage is calculated ,£o amUia tbe sensational character of tbe iUce. Npr QuAWym). — The Bendwo Ixide- Miii -et repwrted abhottis returh 'tortbe nortii- wl.tei n fro- ' vines will be petitioheiTiTHBtTijrMr. Fraser, oo tbe ground that Mr. Abbott ia not pos sessed of tbe necessary property qualification, and also oo tbe gronnd of alleged irregulari ties in the manner of taking the poll. Diseases p> Sfocg. — ilr. graham Mitchell has written ft pamphlet op thia sub ject, in which be urges the uepeasity of the immediate removal of the prohibition of the importation of stock from Wnglsnd, and the substitution of a proper system of quaran tine. " Only two cases," he states, " of dis ease bave been introduced into Victoria— Mr. Boadle'a cow, that iotrodoccd pleuro-pneu- moDia. aod Mr, M'Cuiloch's boll, foot and- l&ogth; disease All tbe foreign stock tbat A bave ezazmo&l;, the above exceptions, Were free from contagions disease. Tbe prts of New Zealand were kept opeo end. £56,000 worth of British stock boa bees imported 10 ( two years ; tbis is exclusive of those imported in 1875 6; oo disease bis been introduced, but an excellent -system of inspection hss . been adopted, hitherto With perfect success, and tln-y bave secured well-bred etoch, .tbe greater portion of which would probably. hve been brought to Victoria ; and although , temporary prohibition w no doubt sdns . able, there is no longer soy reeeon tor Jib- j ttroetiDg trade sad r«U;ui tbe improve t meat of cur herds and flocks is the intra- , doctioo of fresh blood from an znU-hopicd j climate will slwaye be necessary, it being -. quite as euy preventing the vtnfctod action of .. aistsase in at tuck, «£ with small u mau." Mr. Mitchell hleo ots witU mncn miuutenesa into tbe snbj ect of the sheep dis ease that Meson. Vincent and M'Gouc harc , ieea ia&o; in the Vfaafcfn district 