A GHOST'S REVELATION A man named Alexander Rixson lies in; our lock-up, committed for trial for the ■wilful murder of bis wife. The particulars of the case are peculiar. Rixson and a -woman named Lydia Quipps came to this colony by the ship Star Queen, and have lived iu Maryborough as man and wife till within the last three weeks. Then there was a quarrel; Lydia was driven from the house, and next day Rixson legally married another woman. A week after Rixson's legal wife died suddenly. Dr. Little held a post-mortem examination, and Dr. Power in his capacity as a justice of the peace held a magisterial inquiry, into the cause of the death. Dr. Little gave it as his opinion that the woman died from apoplexy. The inquiry, as an ordinary precaution, was ad journed for three days, the body was buried, and there we supposed the matter would rest. The night after the inquiry a man named Adamson, going home across the reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this | a laughing matter I assure yon the man does not. He becomes fightable if you smile when he narrates his experience. This is what he saw, or, if you like, fancies he saw : First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage he walked towards the object. As he drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat ro.se from his head. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs. Rixson! Then came a voice, " I am the murdered wife of Rixson!" The apparition then placed one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and —disappeared. Adamson does not know liow long he remained on the reserre, or how he found his way home. Next morn ing he took his wife's advice, and told his extraordinary experience to the police, and they, growing suspicious, arrested Rixson and Lydia Quipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a statement, which she has since repeated in the police court. She is not in custody. In consequence of this additional evidence, the body was exhumed, a second post-mortem examination held, and Dr. Little, on being recalled, gave it as his opinion, gathered from the re- examination, and from the evi dence, that the woman had come to her death by straugulation. That is the case. Rixson seemed utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gathered, and it is believed that remorse—if he be capable of it—which visited Eugene Aram, will in duce him to make a full confession of his guilt. -Brisbane Telegraph. A Most Useful Thee.—Consul Morgan, in his supplementary report on the trade and commerce of Brazil for the year 1874, just issued, makes special mention of a most use ful tree, which would be a most useful ac quisition to any country wheie it would condescend to grow. The tree in question Jis the earnouba (capernicia cerifera), a palm tree, which without any culture developes itself in Ceara, Rio Grande de Norte, Bahia, &c.; Perhaps in no country, says Consul Morgan, is a plant applied to so many and varied purposes. It resists the most pro longed drought and preserves itself con stantly luxuriant and green. Its roots possess the same medicinal effects, as the sarsaparilla. From the trunk are obtained strong fibres, which acquire a beautiful 1 us tie, as well as corner pieces of timber and excellent pallisades for enclosures. The palmetto top when young serves as an appre ciable nutritious .food 5 and therefrom also wine, vinegar, and a saccharine matter is extracted, as well as a kind of gum similar in its taste aud properties to sago. This plant has often served during the period of excessive droughts as a means of support to the populations of Ceara and Rio Grande de Norte. From the wood and trunk of the tree musical instruments are made, as also tubes and pumps for water. The delicate fibrous substances of the pith of the stalk and its leaves make a good substitute for cork. The pulp of the fruit is of a pleasant taste, and the nut, oily and emulsive, is, after being roasted and rubbed to a powder, often used a? coffee. From the irunk of the tree a species of flonr similar to mnizena is extracted, as well as a liquid resembling that of the Bahia cocoanut From it dried stra-v, mats, hats, baskets, and brooms are made, and of tlir* straw large quantities are ex ported to Europe, where it is employed in the manufacture of fine hats, the whole value of which exportation and of such as is utilised by national industry amounting now to about £117,500 per annum. Finally, from its leaves is produced the war used in the manufacture of candles, the annual ex portation of which exceeds in value £162,600. 