? (Compiled from late English papers.) The Athenœum says, that a translation ofi the "Pilgrim's Progress" has been issued by a native Japanese publisher.. It is the intention of the Poet Laureate to commemorate in verse the visit of the Prince of Wales to India. Mr W. H» Gladstone, M.P. for Whitby, and eldest, son of the ex-Premier, was married on the 30th September, at St. George's, Hanover-square, to the hon. Gertrude Staart, youngest daughter of LordBlantyre. Mr Gladstone and Earl Granville •were among those present. The Bombay Gazette of the 17th Sept. states that very heavy !rain had fallen at Delhi jtwenty-three inches in twenty-four hours on - the preceding Tuesday night. Htóuaands of houses have been destroyed, and forty persons killed. (rdUgtwni states that à lich and eccentric Be'gipn residing at Vermond, Aisne, lately wrote to liis relatives to come and see a coat he had ordered. They, imagining that the invitation meant a breakfast went, and were astonished to see a series of coffins, which- the original was trying one, after another.. He had paused them to bp madę by ,a number of different joineas. ' At last he found one which suited hina, laid down in it, took some poison, and exjiired sudâenly. Moodey and Sankey are not., meeting with their *expac$ed success in the Brooklyn geviyal in America. Moody rebuked Ms audience the other day for want pf earnestness, and said hie . " had grown tired ; of .the half-heartedneBS that was exhibited." This revivait firm had also procured an injunptionon some eń&usi;ąstic partie» who wished to print and distribute their hymns, because the operation did not ensure to.Moody and Sankey pecimiaty .projit. The press comments on this jn.unfavorable terms.. John Brown, farmer, of Wester Micras, father of John. Brown, the Queen's attendant,. was buried, on Thursday, ' in the churchyard, of Orathie. The funeral (says an English paper) was attended by her Maj esty and the Princess Beatrice, who followed the coffin on foot from the house of the deceased to the hearse, which, iroitf the nature of the roads, hadÇto daaw up some distance off. When thè hearse proceeded towards the churchyard the .Queen returned to the house of mourning, tod * stayed' for some time with the bereaved widow. The Marchioness of Ely,. Mr Sahl, ilr.Marshall, and all the upper, servants at Balmoral were present. It is announced that the long lost "'Madonna with the Child," of "Vandyck^of which countless ;.copi4s iexist iń various parts {of TSutópę, has'.â$lààt bèén discovered in the; (original. Tie picture has formed the' altar-piece to the chapel of an ob'sc'ure German cloister, and was found there by ' the Flemish painter, Georg van Haanen. ' After slight restoration, it is now to be seen entirely uninjured, and in its pris- "tine condition. Captain Gundersen, who has just returned to Norway from an Arctic voyage, has brought home à highly interesting relic from a small bay ;on the north coast of Noya Zembla..l It'ig.'tooimjfcat the; Dutch Captain Barent passed the winter ! of 1596-7 in this port, and here Captain! Gundersen has picked up in excellent' preservation 'a journal of this navigator, from June'1 to August 29, 1580, being that of an earlier voyage. ' The Russian Munster of Justice has, given instructions that henpeforthcor-! -poral punishment shall be discontinuèdin its application to females, sentenced to! deportation* Hitherto women have,been punished the same as men with knouts' and- rods. Henceforth ten days of isolated confinement are to count as the eqUivalënt ol a lash' with'the knout, and two days a lash wiài a rod; Mrs Maria Denman, who hold a cabdriver's license,, and drive's ib'ef own cab, at Snçbiton,.. in, Surrey, . has caused anptlier ! cab-driver named JŁemp to beifined,£i 7s:6d, with the alternative of fourteen.days' imprisonment for iPre-j ventfng her from taking up afare.. Mrs Denman appeared before the magistrates at Kingston-on-Thames wearing her badge: . A Genoese jsçhool teacher .prppoBep an uigęmóńs lùèttp'd 'for ifchô pràctiôai l tteh4 »ng,pf geógtaphj. v ,1Hb''i&iiH;» 1 ' his pùriils -a ihodel bfIt&y;'.ońtóf'éli^s nppn &b.;,'Jjy vmtfvt . colored worstisâ " or f^é^ilié townships and villages are indicted'by • beada.... . ,. Highness the Ćroyii (KfWcfess ï$yàl tof England) still.- continties thb, m^pe of tbe^art ;of aaniłirig, in wŁloh' ^êuâw^red suck taarked. talent- before, she Ifeft this ^ntiy yeaW ago. In fact she is a most enthusiastic follower of art, and has 4 studio arranged in theNè wPalace, Pots- lam, where she and the Ctown Prince -eside. Her Imperial Highness has produced several very good portraits of : uembers of her own family. These are not only good portraits, but are most i ireditable works of art. Advices from India tend to confirm the )elief that Lord Napier of Magdala will >e succeeded as Commander-in-Chief by Jjieut-General Sir Frederick Haines. The dairymen of Ohio are stated to be preparing to manufacture a cheese to reigh 29,0001b (nearly 13 tons), the cost 6f which is expected to be about 18,000 dollars. This is to be shown at the Centennial Exhibition at Philadelphia in The New York Times announces the marriage at Toronto, of Professor jGoldwin Smith to Mrs Bolton, the widow of Judge Bolton, ' of the English Bench. ' Miss Charlotte Cushman, the great American actress, is seriously, ill from cànèér, and it .is 'léàted that she w ill not recover. The Rev.Ieaac Hanks; for many years minister of the independent Chapel; Silver-street, Malmesbury, felldôwn dëad in his ^Ulpit on Sunday night, Oct.; 34, just as he had given out his text, which was, "But man dièth,andwasteth away ; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and Where is he ? It h£s beep decided that London Bridge should be wideneded:as to .give room for an additional line of vehicles on the bridge, the width of 'the pavements fat foot passengers being also iniréâsèd from 8 feet to 11 feet on each side. The estimated cost of this improvement is £55,000. Mr Alderman Cotton has ,been elected Lord Mayor of London.' for ,187.5-70, in place of the present occupant :of the xivifc chair, Mr D. H.Stone, whose iterm of office expires in the beginning of November. Atrial of some new patent hydraulic machinery from Śir Willom Armstrong's' factory has been made upon the tunret ship Thunderer, at Spithead. The mar chineiy causes to revolve a gun-turret weighing about 330 tons, elevates, depresses, loads, and moveB the guns in and out. The experiment is reported to have been eminently satisfactory in its results. M. Jean i Engelmann, the inventor of chromo-lithography, has died at Paris at an advanced age. It is stated that a son of Mr Sims Reaves will Bhortly Wake his first appear» anse as a tenor vocalist. Mr Sims Beeves has another son, who is .reported to have an excellent baritonevoipe, Commodorè Hoskins, newly appointed to the Australian command,;hks, received instructions to report oń a-ńew-system-of packing ^biscuit -in - Him, :by. which • means it is anticipated it will be preserved jfrom deterioration, and be more palatable. A' taMUrnéittt has just bèeherectedover the grave of the ïtev. Thomas Biniiey, in Abnèy-park Cemetery.. It^'is a small obelisk on three graduated plinths, in red granite, with the inscription—" In loving memory of, Thoa., Binnęy, born at JJew- «astie,! April 19, 3798,; died in London, February 24,1874. ( I shall be satisfied when j awake in.Thy^eness.' " A Njevypastle bamaji. jiłąmęd, E]ox, has been sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment for h^ving bribed a telegraph messenger, and: J thereby obtained from him information" which the, ïaçl had no right to disclose as to the results of certain rades.' 