Topics. IT is commonly believed that iu South Australia three-fourths of the jetties which have been constructed are built upon wrong sites. Nor is this fact so complimentary to the functionaries who have had the management of these matters as might a tirst sight appear. It must rather be regarded in the light of a testimony to the ingenuity and sagacity of persons whose interests were particularly affected, and whose interpretation of jiatrwtism was simply this—'•' Always do the best you can for yourself !" Looked at in this light it is not difficult to understand why certain jetties exist in strange out-of- the-wayplaces, sometimes inland, sometimes in a position inaccessible from the shore, and sometimes where there is no earthly use for them. Apart from this means of interpellation, the whole thing is utterly incomprehensible. But so interpreted, this fact seems to be a shame and disgrace to our past Administrations, and indicates that there are more traitors to the public interest than have yet been published. WE clip the following excellent remarks from a paper on " Holidays and Education," from the Spectator, the Wesleyan paper in Victoria. Referring to the pupils who are about to leave school, the writer says : — " Years ago they learned the art of reading, and well hitherto have they employed if ; but have they risen to the just conception of what power for good or ill is thus entrusted to them ? Do they know and value the master-key which has been put into their hands, and perceive what treasures it can open ? Are their minds to be likened to a lute or harp, which give forth sweet sounds when played upon by the hands and minds of others; or are they to be compared to ocean chimes which give grand and measured music of their own? Is their acquaintance with books to be mainly through a stimulus from without, or through the appetite from within ? Or will reading, which was at first the passive reception of other men's thoughts, become at length the alert and active exercise of their own 1 Answers in the nobler strain will be given to these questions if the education begun in school be carried on in the practical life that follows. I wonder whether as youths they learned to read for the childish reason because they did and because others did, without much thought and inquiry concerning it ? and whether in adolescence and manhood their mental ailment will be gathered by wandering in the dream lands of fiction, or roaming discursively over the fields of a newspaper literature, or by reaping the golden grain which the best books of this and former times contain ? For my part, I could wish that they would treat books as we treat people. We meet troops of passersby in the street, and let them go on with just a look, but we have a few friends that we invite to our home, and one of these— the choicest and best—we make our bosom friend and partner for life. And I could wish also that, in companionship with these nobler books, they sought the highest intellectual stature and moral training of which their minds are capable' and to which reading, in its nobler exercises, can so largely contribute. . . Many learn to cipher to suit a paltry convenience, and because they would ! not be cheated in the transactions of trade, but comparatively few conceive and cherish the conception to what heights of nobility | and fields of utility the science of figures will j lead. By it, Justice employs just weights and i holds the even balance; the man of com- • merce determines the exact equivalents which are a fair barter in his bargains and j trade; actuaries adjust to the several con- > tiugencies of human life, and the varying experiences of the million families of mankind, the proportions of revenue required or payments to be made which make the head of the household justly provident, keep j tarvation and ruin from otherwise im- overiahed as well as bereaved families, and uit so timely and exactly the largess of upply to the exigency of want. The political economist and statesman employ largely the statistics of peoples and trades for solring the problems of demand and supply, adjustments of labor and capital, and righteousness or expediency of any line of policy in relation to the nation's prosperity. By the same science of figures and art of computation the mathematician and astronomer make the highway of discovery and means of intricate calculations by which new worlds are laid open to our view, and we become learned in their appointed movements, distances, and times. Arithmetic is the exact science ; at once the simplest and the most far-reaching in its lessons, its laws are co-extensive with all nature, and its rules are* applied to the commonest things of daily life. Very simple in its elements, very reliable in its proportions, very abstruse in some of its problems, and very certain in its results. Wi! are always very indignant un-as the willing victims of deceit, but with paradoxical weakness yield ourselves very amiably a prey to a host of conventional and social deceptions. With the latter we all know that our social Intercourse abounds; nay more, we are early taught in polite society (and the education goes on down i thence through all the gTades even to the Miss Stubbses, Miss Higgses, and the Miss I'ugginses of the social scale) to conceal our real feelings and mask our genuine motives. We meet the man Gobble iu the street, and interrogate him with apparent anxiety as to his health, and the health of Mrs. G., Miss G., and young Master G.; at the same time feeling the utmost indifference on the whole subject, indeed ashamed of his acquaintance; a hatred of his wife as a tatler, contempt for his daughter as a pert forward miss who laughs at our spectacles and grey hairs, and positive execration of that infant prodigy, the young Gobble, the most greedy, ill-bred child we ever met 1 We invite a number of people to our social party; work ourselves into a fume of preparation, welcome our friends with a smile which covers the agony of annoyance at some failure in our preparations; are "so glad to see them," though vexed that we felt obliged to invite them ; talk unceasing congratulatory nonsense whilst we mentally criticise the dress, appearance, and means of our guests ; persuade with the most pressing entreaty Miss Aramintha Ann Higgs to play, well knowing she is a tasteless, timeless, torturer of every musical composition in her folio ; urge Miss Belinda Buggins to sing, and praise her beautiful soprano voice, though mentally pronouncing it a broken down squeak ; get young Mr. Victor Emanuel Stubbs to accompany himself on the pianoforte in " that charming comic song," but are all the while terrified lest he breaks a wire w r ith his thumps on the key-board, or the music-stool with his illustrative twists and contortions of body I Then at the end of each performance, do we not thank them with fervor (glad that is over), for are not we also models of morality and devotees in respect of these amiable deceptions. But then !—do not the Higgses, the Stubbses, and the Bugginses all know our true feeling, for have they not " felt the same" in their turn ? Bah 1 We carry on the deception in every part of our public lives, and sometimes revenge ourselves for our humbuggery by extra and rancorous honesty in the home circle. But for the most perfect developments of the 60cial deceits commend us to meetings for charitable purposes, testimonial-giving, subscription-lists for benevolent objects, and yaledictory meetings generally. RIVERTON and Saddieworth correspondence received too late for the present issue. MESSRS. Rossiter and Davies have purchased the Charles and Arthur, a brigantine of 150 tons burden. THE Rev. Mr. Davidson, of Wallaroo, has had a handsome baton presented to him by the members of his Tonic Sol-fa Class. AT the meeting of the Green's Plains District Council on December 18th, the Chairman (Mr. John Reid) and Cr. Scoble were the only members present; no business was done. A BOLT.—Yesterday (Thursday) about one o'clock p.m. as Mr. Burges's cab-driver was placing something in his cab near the Union Store, Moonta. the horses took fright at something, and bolted at a rapid pace. They went around the corner into Ellen-street and turning down George- street at Adams and Pleass's comer, made for the beach. We believe they kept on until they reached their stables, when they quietly pulled up. We have not heard that any injury was done to either horses or trap. NOTWITHSTANDING the invidious remarks that have been sometimes made concerning the Government tanks at Moonta, people are beginning to realise the benefit of having them, as during four days of the present week — up to last (Thursday) evening no less than 757 hogsheads have been sold from them. One of the tanks is quite empty now, and we think it would be a good time for the Government to have it newly cemented, as a large amount of water has hitherto been lost through soakage, which evil a new coat of cement would speedily obviate. People may imagine the plight that teamsters and others would have been in this season had it not been for the water conserved in the Moonta tanks. MOONTA GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—The following places were obtained by pupils attending this school :—Matriculation Examination, Adelaide University: passed, Mr. C. E. Herbert. South Australian Institute Examination : passed, Mr. C. E. Herbert. Upper school Spelling, Dictation, and Composition—Levido, and Herbert. English Grammar and Analysis—Herbert, and Evers. Geography and Mapping—Herbert, and Evers. History—Herbert, and Levido. Arithmetic—Turner, and Bennett I. Algebra — Evers, and Bennett I. Euclid—Herbert, and Levido. Latin, Csesar—Evers ; Principia Latina, and Grammar—Evers, Levido, and Cornelius ; Nepos—Herbert. Bookeeping —Turner. Drawing—Herbert. Painting— Levido. (Absent—Warren, Rice and Moore.) First Remove. — Spelling and Dictation— Moody II. English Grammar—Moody II. Geography—Brown I. History—Moody II. Arithmetic—Brown I. Mental Arithmetic —Moody II. Dictation—Bennett II. Drawing—Major. Lower School.—Dictation— Hancock I, Hancock II. Spelling—Parson t Euglish Grammar—Parsons. Geography— Hancock L Arithmetic—Hancock 1. Mental Arithmetic—Parsons. Drawing—Hancock I ' VISITORS to Moonta jetty during the past week have been favored with a treat that they have not at all appreciated. Several of the sheep that we referred to in our last Friday's issue as perishing for want of water, quietly gave up the ghost on the beach near to the jetty, and the result was not healthy nor pleasant to bathers, visitors, or those whose work called them in that direction. We believe Mr. Styles had to vacate his office because of the abonimable stench. He (Mr. Styles) communicated with Sergeant O'Callaghan, who put himself into communication with the owner of the sheep, and, after some trouble, got a man sent to remove the nuisance. People say the action which the Sergeant took is praiseworthy, and we are of that opinion. WE have been requested to call attention to the Cricket Match to be played between eleven of the Yorke's Peninsula Cricketing Association and eighteen of the Moonta United Club, on Christmas day. We hope the game will be a success, and that the best side will win. DR. HAMILTON has been appointed medical superintendent of the Wallaroo Hospital, in the place of the late Dr. Sholl. RECEIVED.— The Christmas number of the Australian Sketcher, which is an exceptionally good number. SCHOOL FOR WALLAROO.— The Council of Education have accepted the tender of T. R, Heath for building a school and teacher's residence at Wallaroo for £3,849. ON Thursday, December 14th. a fire occurred at Dry Creek, which destroyed a haystack and other property. The damage done amounted to about £100. THE Directors of the Moonta Mine have declared a dividend of 10s. per share, payable on the 29 th December inst. This is the ooth dividend paid by this mine. THE Surveyor General has called tenders for the construction of a tank near the Kadina and Barunga road, about eighteen miles from Kadina. THE quantity of land sold by the Government during the month of November was, for cash, 860 acres, realising £2.758 8s. 8d.; for credit 37,51G, worth £55,882'14s. Besides this the Government have received £21.957 5s. od., for land previously sold under the credit system. CAPTAIN SMITH, of the S.S. Kangaroo, has been promoted to the command of the Royal Shepherd. On Saturday last an address was presented to him by Captain Hay, on behalf of a number of the inhabitants of Wallaroo, who expressed their regret that the promotion would necessitate his removal from the Wallaroo trade. THE examination for teacher's certificatas under the Council of Education, commenced at the Model Schools in Adelaide, on the 18th inst. Nineteen male and twentv-one female candidates presented themselves for examination, of which number 17 are students in the Training School. Inspectors Hosking and Burgan are the examiners. A MAN named Adolph Siegmund lost his life at Brownhill Creek on Tuesday afternoon. the 19th inst. He was going home with a load of manure, when it is supposed the dray capsized in the creek while he was asleep on top of the load. When found he was to all appearance suffocated, his body being covered with manure. A DONATION of £500 has been given by Mr. and Mrs. John Angas to the funds of the proposed Children's Hospitals. Mr. R. B. Smith, J.P.. His Honor the Chief Justice, and Mr. Magary have also promised handsome contributions to the object, the two former giving £500 each, and the latter £100. SCARCITY OF WATER.—The settlers on the Broughton Extension are badly off for water, many of them having to cart it from ten to fourteen miles. Every day a number of farmers, with their teams, may be seen at the Broughton Crossing from early morning till late at night, filling tanks with water for their home supply. On inquiry we were informed that as a rule each farmer was occupied two days in every week in procuring water for his homestead.—Northern Argus. PROGRESS OF EDITHBURGH.— Several good buildings are being erected in the township. Mr. Geater has just completed the erection of his general store in Blanche-street, and a fine dwelling-house for him and one for Mr. Gellert, of Diamond Lake, are being rapidly put up in Cross-street, near the Institute. Mr. Hart has also made extensive additions to his premises in Edith-street, and is now having his ironmongery store in Blanche-street increased to twice its original size. Other buildings are talked about — such as a few neat cottages for summer residences for families from Adelaide during the outing season, and I believe our hotel is to be very considerably enlarged during the next few months. One thing is pretty certain, that should this last-mentioned increase be made, it will tend greatly to make this Port become what it deserves to be — the most favorite country resort for persons from the metropolis during the hot weather. — The local cricket association are endeavoring to bring about a match with the All-England Eleven, on our Oval, upon their return home. Should matters be arranged with Mr. Lillywhite, it is proposed to invite the eleven members of the South Australian Cricketing Association over to play with eleven men of the local clubs against the famous eleven.— Advertiser Correspondent. FIRE AT GEORGETOWN.—The Register's Georgetown correspondent, writing on December 12\. says:— Our township was thrown into a state of great excitement by an alarm of fire at about 2 o'clock on Monday, December 18, when it was discovered that a large haystack, the property of Mr. Canavan, was in flames, and as it was in close proximity to a valuable block of buildings, great anxiety was felt as to their welfare, more especially as there were wooden sheds between the stack and buildings. A large crowd soon congregated, and many willing hands were at work carrying water from the neighboring wells and tanks, several of the latter of which were soon more or less nearly emptied of the precious contents; carts were also at work carrying water from the neighboring creek, reminding one forcibly of Adelaide fires before the days of the waterworks. It was soon seen that all attempts at saving any portion of the stacks were utterly futile, so all efforts were concentrated upon saving the stable, storeroom, and sheds adjoining, and it was only by great exertion that the buildings adjoining were saved, the heat being so great at times as to cause the woodwork of tho roof to ignite under the iron. Beyond some slight damage to the guttering and roof, the timbering of the stable, and the destruction of a quantity of good paling fencing, no other damage was done. But had the fire once got fair hold of the adjoining wooden shed a vast amount of very valuable property must have been destroyed. Fortunately too the wind was light. Had the fire broken out on such a day as Friday last the whole town would have been jeopardized. It is rumored that the fire was caused by boys smoking. It is pretty certain that the fire was alight some time before it reached the stack, which was .closely fenced with 6-feet palings some distance. An inquest will be held to-morrow. THERE is a movement on foot at Gawler for closing all shops at 6 p.m. on Saturdays. Between 700 and 800 residents of Gawler and suburbs have signed that tbey will not shop after 6 o'clock on Saturday evening. We can scarcely expect the inhabitants of Moonta to follow suit, but the storekeepers' assistants would consider it a boon if they could manage to close at nine o'clock on Saturdays. OUR local contemporary has the following concerning the bush fire which has been burning near the Hummocks for the last fortnight. The following particulars have been courteously placed at our disposal, by Mr. George Oliphant, of this town, a railway contractor. It appears that on Thursday last, Mr. Oliphant who had been down at bis camp, a little to the S.E. of the Mail Station, was returning to Wallaroo, and had got as far as Brown's when he found that the fire was raging furiously and began to be afraid that the camp wonld be burned out, so he returned as far as Messrs. Cobb & Co's paddocks, and drove round the back of the whole plain where the fire was raging most. About twenty men had mustered on the east side of Green's Plains and were trying to stay the progress of the fire, and prevent it from reaching the standing crops, with whom he remained until he thought the fire had been got within bounds, and everything there was safe. He then returned to the camps where he remained for the night, the fire raging tremendously all the time in the scrub right round the camp. On the following morning (Friday) he started to go to the Hummocks, and on the road the smoke was almost suffocating, making it almost as dark as night. Between ten and eleven o'clock the wind began to blow strong from the north, which freshened up the fire all round, and nothing could be seen but volumes of fire and pillars of smoke. About half way between the Hummocks and the Green's Plains the settlers had begun to get anxious and excited by this time, and where making preparations for leaving their home to seek a more secure shelter, and some were carting away their furniture. He started a team with water from the Hummocks to the camp, but after it had proceeded about a mile, he rode after it, and brought the team back, as the fire was too strong to allow it to pass. Before long the wind shifted to N.W., and then W., which blew the fire back again. He then proceeded to the railway camp, and found that all the men working there had gone out with Mr. Fowler to assist him in trying to save his property which was in great danger. He then went back to the Hummocks Hotel, where he saw a most pitiable sight. A man in his flannel and trousers, was carrying a child in his arms rolled up in a shawl, and a woman walking behind him. who was completely blackened by the smoke. It appeared this unfortunate trio had just fled from the eighteen mile camp, where the ground was one burning mass, and they had to fly for their lives. He was informed that a man was lying drunk at the camp in the chaff tent, and went to the spot, when he discovered the man sitting on a heap of stones, the tent, with the fodder, having been completely destroyed, as also a lot of tools. The man had enough sense left in him to go out of tbe tent to save himself. Mr. Oliphant then returned to the mail-station. The fire was still raging on Saturday, but not so much harm was apprehended as on the previous day on account of many patches having been already burnt both by the fire and by team- sters attempting to stay its progress. The fire extended from the N.E., to the S.W., for about 40 miles in length, and in breadth was between two and three miles, the Mail Station at Green's Plains being about the centre. We hear that one farmer, named Stephens, was entirely burnt out. LAST week a lad named Went, employed in the Hon. T. Elder's stables at Morphettville, had a quarrel with one of the workmen In the stable. A scuffle ensued, when the lad fell on a stone, and has since died from the injuries received. At the inquest held on Saturday, the 16th inst., the jury, after twice retiring was unable to agree to a verdict. Hocking (the man with whom deceased was quarrelling) has been apprehended by the police as having been concerned in his death. He was brought before Mr. Beddome on Monday the 18th inst., and committed for trial. ENGLISH NEWS— We clip the following telegrams on the Eastern question from the Adelaide dailies; The St. Petersburg Herald states that the neutral occupation of Bulgaria is the extreme limit of the concession required by Russia. General IgnatiefT has informed the Marquis of Salisbury 1 hat Russia would expect either Swiss or Belgian occupation of Bulgaria. England has not yet made any reply to the suggestion. The Porte, however rejects the proposal for a foreign occupation of Bulgaria, and the Turkish armaments are being pushed forward with great energy. The prefatory conference has ended without any formal resolution being drawn up. The R. M. S. Bangalore left Galle for Australia on the 16th December. A NEW Zealand papsr states that a. Mr. Bathgate made the following remarks at the opening of the Ocean Beach Railway, near Dunedin—" In other places railway companies have given free passes extending from three to seven years to those who have within the limits of the railway traffic, built houses costing £300, £400, and £500. The result of this plan has been that houses sprang up like magic. The companies lost nothing by reason of the free ticket, and they gained the whole of tbe traffic incident.-.l to a large population. We wonder how far those people were influenced in building their houses by the free pass system, and how much of the money that would accrue from paid passenger traffic, was made up by extra charge on the conveyance of goods. A YOUNG man named Fitzgerald was drowned while bathing in the Port Adelaide Creek on Sunday morning, December 17th inst. Deceased was a good swimmer, but appears to have been attacked with cramp while in the middle of the stream. A MEMORIAL on behalf of Mr. W. Villen- euve Smith, who is in prison for libelling Mr. Downer, was presented to His Excellency the Governor on Saturday, the 16th inst. The petition was signed by more than 7,200 persons. 