NEWS OF THE DAY. The magistrates who ndjudicated in tho Tecent case of the Crown v Stevenson, met at the City Polico Court, at three o'clock this afternoon, -to settle tho appeal case for. warded by the Crown Law Officers. The meeting had. not concluded when hie HeIuld wont to press. Intelligence was received in the city, to day, confirming the sad news of tho death of the Bev. A. M. Henderson which took plaee nt Toronto on 24th June, from dysentery. Cabinet and Executive meetings wero being held this afternoon. At the former the steps to be taken with respect to the Main Roads Maintenance Bill, and other farther matters will bo considered. In another column wo give a condensed account of the terrific encounter .with the In dians, in which General Custer's company was cut to pieces, not a single man escaping to tell tho tale of how the battle was fought. It will be seen that Custer and his small company marched to their fate with the Bamo cool contempt for death which marked the celebrated charge of tho Six Hun dred. The bull-dog courage of the Anglo-Saxon race appears to have been transmitted undoteriorated to their Amori- ' oan descendants. By tho latest cable adviceB, it Will be seen that to-day Triokett has to fight for his laurels as the champion of the world, Lomsdeu is the challenger, and the match is for £200 aside, ancTa betof £200, It is understood that if the . Australian is again victorious, other boating meu are ready to challenge him, and that every effort will be made to prevent tho rowing Championship of the World leaving the ThamoB. On the subject of the race, tho Pall Mall Budget writeB "With the humiliation which we may feel at onr defeat, there must be some consolation in tbe feeling that we have proved worthy of tbe trust reposed in us, and that the race passed off withont contretemps, We have, aftor all, been beaten only by one of onr own nationality; and it is a consolation that the Championship of the World is still held by a subject of our Sovereign, though no longer by an English man. Ever since Friday last some grave rumors havo been afloat in the city and a suburb aontb of the Yarra, relative to a gentleman holding a very high position in the Civil Service. The rumors assumed such a definite Shape that the police authorities in the suburb where the gentleman resided made tho most thorough inquiries yesterday, with out being able to elicit any definite inferma tion in the matter. The condemned criminal Jim Ashe, sen tenced to death for a criminal assault on Mrs Beece, at Burrumbeet, was hanged at Ballarat this morning. We have been shown a telegram from Gippsland, stating that as all the returns are not yet to hand, tho writ cannot possibly reach Melbourne before Wednesday, It ap. pears that the document cannot be dispatohed nntil all the returns are in, and that the member elcoted cannot take hiB seat until tha writ is returned to the Speaker, Sir C, G, Duffy will therefore be nnable to '.take up bis position in Parliament till Wednesday, A few days since tho Government of New Sonth Wales communicated with the Govern ment of this oolony, intimating the fact that it was the intention of the French authorities to liberate COO Communist prisoners from New Caledonia, and asking our Government to co-operate with that of Sydney in for warding a protest against such a course of action being taken to the Imperial Government, with a view to their interference in the matter, " Mr MacPherson, the OHief Secretary, has since replied to tho effect that, as there is no law in this oolony bearing upon the matter, the Government cannot interfere in any shape whatever. The li.M.S. Assam went into the Alfred Graving Dock this morning! ' for tho pur poses of a general cleaning and overhauling, Tho ship Lincolnshire will not leave her anchorage in the Bay till lato to-night, when she will proceed on her homeward vojago without further stoppage, Among the saloon passengers booked to accompany her nro noticeable the names of Mr John SteavcnBon, Secretory for Roads and Rail ways, and Mrs Steavcnson, Miss Emelie Melville, the popular nctresa, left by the s.s. City of Adelaide this after noon, on n professional tour to New South Wales. A large number of theatricals were present to bid her farewell, A return recently prepared in the depart ment of the Chief Inspector of Stock, gives another illustration of how sheep grazing pays. It shows that during tho last fivo yoars the number of sheepowners in tho colony havo increased to tho extent of over three thousand. In 1871 tho number was about two thousand. The returns for this month show a total number of 55,000. Tho inorease is principally composed of freo selectors, who have joined sheop grazing to their agricultural pursuits, and in the majority of instances tho selectors own from 100 to 160 sheep each. Messrs Robinson and Tilly's s,s. Julia Poroy, well known in the Warruambool, Belfast, and Portland trade, which grounded near the Back Beach, Williamstown, yes terday morning, on her way up the rivor, is now lying , alongside tho wharf, below Spencer streot, discharging cargo. In her endeavors to forco hersolf off the sand bank, slio loat one of the blades of tho propeller, nnd received other slight injuries, which will necessitate her imme diate removal to dock. Her owners, therefore, intend placing her in Wright's dock during this afternoon, when Bhe will bo completely overhauled, In all probability tho Pilot Board will hold an official inquiry into tho circumstances of tho mfBhap early to-morrow morning, At tho Sandridgo Polico Court this morn ing, a well known character, named Annie AlliBon, was fined 20s for using obscono lnnguage in a publio plaee, At tho sumo court William Stephenson and Andrew Jacobson, for being drunk and disorderly, were fined Bs each, in default, having 24 hours' imprisonment, John Ganthorn and John £ Davis | were each fined 20s for removing sun'1 contrary to tho borough bye- law. Another veiy old Identity has handed in bis checks, and has joined tho great majority; nnd although ho never ocoupiod a very exalted position in Ooloninl Bociety, ho has, from his occupation, been brought into im mediate contact with ovory phase of it, from almost tho highest-to the lowest. The decea-sod person referred to is " Old Jimmy," tho lato messenger ot tho Oity look-up, who Vcsterday succumbed to an internal disease at tho Melbourne General Hospital at tho ripe age of sixty- five, Jimmy's surname was Jackson, and ho was a native of London, which plaoo ho loft for Australia when quito a young man. About twonty years ago Jackson was in tho Bcrvico of Mr Fairehild, sen., nnd wai fond of relating how ho used to nurso Mr Fairehild-, J.P„ when he was an infant. Poor Jimmy had, up to tho timo of his death, been the lock-up mossenger for tho last four teen years, and at ono timo probnbly earned a very good living. Hnrd times, however, havo affected Jimmy as well as -every ono else, and latterly, but for the kindness of tho sergeant In chargo, tho poor old fellow wauld not havo had a very plcnsant time of it. In noticing tho first presentation of Jan at tho Opera House, we said tho scenery re flected credit on Mr Lystor. Of course tho painter is Mr Alexander Habbe, one of tho best known of all coloniil artists. Mr Habbe has been peculiarly happy in bis Alpine views Introduced, and the pictures, for such thoy are, will bear inspection as works of art. Throe well- known characters of tho class described in America as hoodlums, were brought before tho Oity Polico Oourt to day, charged with insulting behaviour. Tboir names ate Augustus Murphy, John Kennedy, and Jeremiah Hayes. They were engaged early on Sunday morning last in fighting each other in Stephen streot with glass bott'es. Tho only pity is that the police did not permit thorn to batter' each other's heads about. If they had placed each other bora de combat, sooiely would un doubtedly bo tho gainer. Murphy and Hayes were fined 20s, or a month. Kennedy, who is not ac great a blackguard by ono degree as his associates, was fined 10s, or fourteen days' incarceration. A man named Frederick Stubbs was charged at the Fitzroy Police Court, this morning, with burglary from tho premises of Mr Raphael, Turret house, Fitzroy. At tho in stigation of tho police, tho case was remanded until Thursday, Messrs M'Meokan, Blackwood 'and Co.'s steamship Arawata arrived nt tho Bluff, New Zealand, from Melbourne, on Saturday morn ing las t. Two very dreadful eases of juvenile de pravity came under tho attention of the Oity Police Court this morning, when a young gill, named Maria Mneannish, aged four teen years, was brought up as a vagrant. The polico found the child in Bourko street, at midnight on Thursday night last, in company with a young man, with whom she was behaving in a disorderly manner. Tho constable having noticed her behaving in an «nnn11w hnrl mnnriAP nn tViA nPAVinilfl nlffhfc. very properly looked her up. On tho way to tho watchhouso, tho girl informed tho policeman that on tho night before that she had visited an assignation house for immoral purposes, Sergeant Moouey stated that the girl had been in his service for eleven doyp, but he had been compelled to discbarge ber inlcousequcnco of her immcral conversation in his children's presence. Mr Inspector Mountford informed the bench that Mr Byall had stated that ho had seen tho girl stopping mon in the Parliament reserve. The mother of tha wretched child, a respec table woman apparently, Baid she'wasundertho impression that her daughter was iu a resDeo- table situation at the time bKo was arrested. The girl was ordered to be imprisoned for two hours, and to be sent to tbe Reformatory for two years, Another sad nnd parallel ease was next oalled or, when a dirty, bedraggled and, incredible as (it may appear, dissipated looking child, whose swollen and inflamed countenance betokened an indulgence in ar dent drinks, was charged with being a va grant. Tbe girl's namo wns Margaret Bootb, and her age was alBO stated by ber mother to be fourteen years. 8bo was found in a horrible den in Juliet Terrace, where for some time past she has been living a life too horrible to imagine when her yonth is taken into consideration. She was sontjto tho Re formatory for three yoars. At tha Fitzroy Police Oonrt this morning, a night habituo of tho Victoria parade, named Sophia Dane, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for vagrancy. At the same conrt, a yonng man, named Jeremiah Daly, was fined 10s for being drank and distrderly, A number of tbe ratepayers of tho North Ward of the town of Richmond have deter mined on giving a complimentary dinner to Councillor Davidson, in recognition of his services to the ward and town generally, The dinner will take place on Wednesday evening at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Church street, The yield of g'old for tho past week is, writes tho Bondigo Ad vertisor small, amount ing to only about 2,500 ozs; there has been a gradual dooline, wo are sorry to say, in the returns daring tho last fow weekB. In divi dends, £4,313 16s fid lias been declared, against £2,400 calls made, leaving a balance of £1,913 15s fid of dividends over calls, The visiting magistrates 'at tbe Emerald Hill wntcbhonse this morning, disposed of a batch of ten drunkards with the usaal 5b fine each, At St, George's Hall, to-night, tho Fakir of Oolu'a performances will be given in the presence of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen, who havo signified their intention of attending. Dr. Silvester has sow a splendid entertainment, and one varied enongh to suit all tastes. There is the ever poetic and mysterious aerial suspension; the bewildering and beautiful fountain, and a series of magical deceptions. Mr Garnet Walch has written for the ghost effects ono of his wittiest and most excruciatingly fuany Brochures, which convulses the dullest, and lins really the merit of novelty and interest. Interspersed throughout tho evening's pro gramme are songs, humorous and sentimontal. Di- Silvester has engaged tha services of Miss Milly Beaumont, a young lady, a native pf Tasmania. Miss Beaumont has a very rich mezzo soprano voice, capable of much modu lation, and all undor control. She is not an- known to the Victorian publio, having sang with Miss Christian and Mr Farley at dif ferent times, and from what we have seen at rehearsal, she ought to bo a great acquisition to the troupe. Miss Emelie Melville made her last appearance in Melbourne on Saturday night, at tho Town Hall, to a very large audience, Tho ooneert was cxtrcmoly successful. Very general regret was expressed at Miss Melville's departure, " Jan, the New Gertnan," was produced at tho Opera Houbo on Saturday evening for tiio second timo, and wont very Bmoothly, There was a full attendance, Mr Emmet's J an is another evidence of hiB strange power of winning and keeping his hold on an andience. Mr W. G. Carey, as Bruno, elicited warm applause. Tho scenery of tho piece reflects credit upon' the enterprise of the management, tho Avalanoho soene being portieularly well managed, 