Back to My Plough To-Day. I CAN'T say I like the business. I feel very much like a stray j I've been to Court as a witness a whole of a week to-dny. The judfee was good; an' the jury-a better set of men Never trotted a case to justice than them fellas,thar an' chen. The case waa one of ejeo ment in which a scalawag swore He'd have revenge on a widowand turn her out of her door: But, somehow or other, he didn't-for justice would have her way. 1 Thank the Lord ; the trial's ended. I go back to my plough to-day. The weather was hot an' windy, an' some of the lawyers swore The mercury never run so high in the shade of tho trees before ; I tell you 'twas hot as blazes. The wind blew over the hill, Like a young simoon, remindin' some of a place that's hotter stil'. An' I thought of my little cottage, an' wife an' chil- dren three, An'wondered if they was happy in sometimes thinkin' of me ; An' somehow or other, it helped me along en nay weary way, But, thanks to the judge an' jury, I go baek to my plough to-day. I never was up as a witness in a ca«e in court before, An' I'm free to say my stock is slim-tay stock in legal lore ; But I've got a dose that'll last me down to the day I die, An' if ever they git me thar agin I'll know the reason why. This standin' np as a witness, like a pale ghost in a pew, For a gang of lynx-eyed lawyers^to look you through an' through, May be royal fun for others ; but, if I can have my way, They'll never git me thar agin. I go back to m y plough to-day. Back to the plough that's waitin' in the fallow field for me ! Back to my home an' the open arms of a wife an''chil- dren three ; O how I long to see 'em ! It seems like half a year Since I kissed 'em thar by the open door to eome iw a witness here ; An' if ever a man was lonesome, or if ever a man was blue, Bein' detained as a witness, till a case was wholly through, 'Tis I, for I know they miss me and wonder at my delay But, thanks *o the judge an' jury, I go back to my plough to-day. My Jana, aa a wife an' motlier, ia a model in her way ;' j She's always a dom' something an' never; has much to say. She tends to her knittin' strio'ly, ccokin', washin', an' | sich, { An' ever since we was married she's never dropp'd a stitch, I don't want to'pear like braggin', but if «aver a gal was true To a man that truly loved her an' was willin' to help him through, ' ' Tis Jane, my young wife-mother, who'll meet me on I the way, I An1 kiss me over a thousand times when I git home to- day. Then thar's Janie, the, younger, so tender, kind, and true, With her wavin' golden tresses, an' her eyes» of skyey blue; We named her af ter mamma-for mamma's V'wow had she, The next that come, a little boy, that so resembled me That mamma called him James. Kow we call/! him rosy Jim ; The little black-eyed rascal, how I long to look at him ! Then last, not least, the baby ! What a bloom i'or a bouquet ! These three will laugh themselves to sleep when I gît homo to-day. So back to my plough that's waitin' iu the fallow field for me ! Back to my home an' the open arms of a wife and chil- dren three ! For what bas the world's wide measure to tempt a man to roam Away from the heart's true, treasure-the treasure of love an' heme ? If I had my way about it-an' hereafter I shall see That none of 'em blasted lawyers gita any the best of me If I had my way about it, I'd never, never stray A single foot beyond my dooti God speed the plough to-day. HOOD ALSTON. A gentleman who has' been some time in Torres Serai te, and is intimately acquainted with the present condition of the fisheries;, writes to the Brisbane Courier that to make Thursday 'Island a pnrt of entry, as pro- ps «ed by our Government!, would kill tho pearl fisheries at auoe. Shell has fallen to £100 per ton (it was fetch- ing £240 lash year), »and, in consequence, most of tho shelters are working at a loss. If no improvement takes place, the Straits wj ll be deserted. Upwards of sixty vessels have passed, through the Straits this year, ex- clusive of. Bteamers. In reference to Signor D'Albertis' expedition he HOT, s : - *. The natives of the party com- plain of being half starved, and say if they had nob robbed the plantations wholesale they would have been wholly starved.. I know he took scarcely any supplies with bim. ifuture explorers will be looked upon as marauders, »nd there is little chance of establishing friendly inferaeurse if theBe tactics prevail." 