Few Poem by Swinburne. A FORSAKEN GARDEN. IK a coign of the cliff between lowland and highland, At the sea-down's edge between windward and lee, Walled round with rooke as an inland island, The ghost of a gardea fronts the sea. A girdle of brushwood and thorn encloses The steep square slope of the blossomless bed "Where the weeds that grew green from the graves of its roses Now lie dead. The fields fall southward, abrupt and broken, To the low last edge of the long lone land. . t If a step should sound or a word be spoken, Would a ghost not rise at the strange guest's hand ? So long have the grey bare walks lain guestless, , Through branches and briers if a man make way, He shall find no life but tho sea-wiud'e, restless , . Night and day. .'. i The dense hard pasiage is blind and stifled That crawls by a track none turn to climb To the strait waste place that the years have rifled ;. Of all but the thorns that are touohed not of time. The thorns he spares when the rose is taken ; The rosks are left when he wastes the plain. The wind that wanders, the weeds wind-shaken, These remain. Not a flower to be prest of the foot that falls not ; ' As the hoare of a deadman the seed-plots are dry ; From the thicket of thorns whence the nightingale calls not, . ' ; Could she call, there were never a rose to reply. Over the meadows that blossom and wither Rings but thenote of a sea-bird song; Only the sun and the rain come hither All year long. The sun burns sere and the rain dishevels One gaunt bleak blossom of scentless brea th. Only the wind here hovers and revels < Ia a round where life seems barren as death. Here there was laughing of old, there was weeping, Haply, of lovers none ever will know, Whose eyes went seaward a hundred sleeping Years ago. Hearthandfast in heart as they stood, "Look thither," Did he whisper? "Look forth .from the flowers to the sea; For the foam flowers endure when the rose-blossoms wither, And mea that love lightly may die-but we ?" < And the Bame wind sang and the same waves whitened, And or ever the garden's last petals were shed, . In the lips that had whispered, the eyes that > had lightened, Love was dead. Or they loved their life through, and then went whither ? And were one to the end-but what end who knows ? Love deep as the sea as a rose must wither, As the rose-red seaweed that mocks the rose. " Shall the dead take thought for the dead to love them ? What love was ever as deep as a grave ? They ate loveless now as the grass above them Or the wave. All are at one now, roses ano lovers, Not known of the cliffs and the fields and the sea. Not a breath of the time that has been hovers In the air now soft with a summer to be. Not a breath shall there sweeten the seasons hereafter Of the flowers or the lovers that laugh now or weep, When as they that are free now of weeping, and laughter We shall sleep. - Here death may deal not again for ever ; Here change may come not till all change end. i From the graves they have nude they shall rise up ( never, Whe have left nought living to ravage and rend.' Earth, stones, and thorns of the wild ground growing, While the sun and the r«in live, these shall bb ; Till a last wind's breath upon all these blowing Boll the sea. Till the slow sea rise and the sbeer cliff crumble, Till terrace and meadow the deep gulfs drink, Till the strength of the waves of the high tides humble The fields that lessen, the rooks that shrink, Here now in his triumph where all things falter, Stretched out on the spoils that his own hand spread, i As a god self-slain on his own straDge altar, Death lies dead. A O. SWINUÜSWB. I - . . . ,1 What is the difference between a good penman and a sailor ? One crosses the T's and tho other the O's. It is said that figures won't lie ; but the Detr ott New i thinks the figures of some women are very deceptive to say the least. There is in the heart of woman such a deep well of love that no age can freeze it.-Bulwer. A Tnxnvr PBUDBNT MOTHER.-A dwelling-house on Clifford-street took fire in one of the chambers the other night from an exploding kerosene lamp. The flamen were extinguished after a sharp struggle by the woman of the house, who had her. hands pretty badly burned. She was relating her adventures to a neigh- bour next morning, and the woman asked : " Why didn't you raise an alarm-whers was Bessie ?" " Bessie and her beau were courting in the parlour " was tho calm reply. " And you never called to them ?" " Not a word. I have known of oases where a sndden alarm has upset a young man just as he was about to propose, and changed tho whole future of two lives." Too STRONG A TEMPTATION.-The following aneo dote is told of Sir Philip Francis, who was a great gourmand. Once at a city feast he enviously watched his next neighbour, who was busy eating a bowl of tur- tle soup, and keening apiece of green fat for the bonne touche. Sir Philip, unable at last im resist it, seized the delicate morsel with his fork, and transferred it to his mouth, and then, giving the stranger his card, said, " Öir, I am ready to make you the most ample apology, or give you the satisfaction of a gentleman, but I must say you had no right to throw snob a temptation in my way." THE LlTBBABT " LION" AND THE HIPPPOFOTAMÜ8 - Perhaps the proudest event of Macaulay's life happened when ho went to the Zoological Gardens to sse toe hip- popotamus. Two damsels were juBt about to pass the crowded doorway when Macaulay was pointed out to them. " Mr. Macaulay !" oried the lovely pair. " Is that Mr. Macaulay ? Never mind the hippopotamus !' And, in spite of tho fact that they had paid ls each to see Behemoth, they left him to look at the historian. This tale was told him by Thaokeray, who swore that he waB an ear and eye witness of the incident. " I can wish for nothing more on earth," writes Macaulay, ' now that Madame Tossaud, in whose pantheon I onco hoped for a place, is dead." 