NEW ZEALAND AS A FIELD OF EMPLOYMENT. The following is an extract from an amusing letter written by a gentleman well-known on the Geelong Press to a resident of this town, dated New Zealand 22nd May :--" I promised when I left Geelong that when I had an opportunity i should write to you, and that promise it is now my intention keep. Since my arrival at Port Chalmers my career has been a somewhat chequered one ; dull, dismal clouds lowering, but I suppose the brilliant sunshine lurks behind. Dunedin, the commercial metropolis of New Zealand, proved a disappointment ; its press belonged to a charmed circle ; it was the exclu- sive property of a Press Club, and there was no opening, not the ghost of a loop-hole, for a Victorian interloper like me. I sought other employment --behind the counter and the bar-- but was doomed to disappointment. One of the reliable (!) organs of public opinion trumpeted forth the praises of a labour agent, and declared there was lots of work for those who would adapt themselves to circumstances. I paid my fee, and hung about the steps of the agent's office until my toes were cramped and my patience exhausted. A few days before Xmas, with half-a-crowne-tho remains of my ample fortune--I started on the wal- laby track. I deposited my memorable black bell-topper under a manuka tree, abandoned my paper collar, and dressed myself as a new chum. For about a week I encountered the most delightful privations imaginable ! Travelling on scant fare, and roosting at night where I could find shelter. At the end of that period one of the happiest in my life--I found myself over a hundred miles on my way, at a place called Papakau, with a skinned nose and blistered toes, and my elastic-sides worn to the verge of desperation. The Provincial Govern- ment of Otago were at this place engaged rectify- ing the absurdities of a tramway made some months previously by a pet contractor, and passed as perfect by the obsequious officers of the depart- ment. I applied for employment and two days afterwards commenced a brief career with pick and shovel on the Awamoka railway. To tell you all my experiences in my new capacity would be a long, even if interesting, tale. You will probably conceive some of my pleasures, how I manufactured ' palm ' oil and patent blisters. I boarded at an hotel and slept in the ' dead-house,' a place fitted up with bunks, just as on board of a steamer. * * For some time I have been engaged with a survey party, and I am just boginning to get on my legs, and save a little money. I never was in better health or condition ; but, as usual, I am not at all contented. I have lots of exercise, travelling on the average twenty miles daily over rough ground and hilly country. There are three of us and a cook. We live well, and have lots of fresh air ! By-and-bye I suppose I shall be a Jack-of-all-trades. Some of these odd days I will write you more fully, and will give you a better account of this highly taxed and much indebted country."--Geelong Advertiser. ADVICK TO MoTllElisl--Aro you broken in your rest hy a sick child aulferhig with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to u chontUt und get a bottlo of MRS. WINSLOW'» SOOTHING* SYIIUP. It will relieve the pom sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produce« natural, quiet sloop, by relieving tho child from pulu, and tile littlu cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes tho child, it, soft eos the gums, allays all pain, relievos wind, regulates tho bowel«, anil is tho best known remedy foi dysentery and dlurrlicen, whotlior m ¡sing from teething or othnr niiusna. Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by medicine dealers ovnivwliere at Is. lid. per bottle. Muuufuotuiod at 403, Oxford-street, London. M-C-77 