WORRY AND ITS PHYSICAL * EFFECTS. . (From the Scientific American.) To so erery-day and commoo a state of tinnd as ?worry, ranging, as it may, from a passing " fit of the blues1' up to the' most poignant mental anxiety regarding. life itself, little importance is popularly attached; and especially, among so exceptionally nervous and'rapid a people as the Americans, tbe fact of 9 persoii succumbing under mental strain is of too ordinary occurrence to "give rise to extended comment. To the list of the insane immured in asylums and brought tbitber through heredity or by their own excesses, thousands are added suffering with broken minds induced by anxiety ; but the great ma jority of people thus affected continue in their places in society, by no means lunatics, nor maniacs, nor idiots;-"bot nevertheless of brain nnsound in parts." The world some times dubs tbem eccentricand, if they be so distinguished, their odd habits, absence of mind, and like traits furnish rich material for the biographer ; in other cases the eccentri cities .become crimes, and mdiscriminating 'justice may declare the life forfeited because of the'workings of hidden faculties, uncon trollable, because disorganised. Worry, then, is dangerous, more so than' tbe alcohol which kills the drunkard ; for the latter involves a taste and a habit wh'ch may be put aside; the former is the creature of necessity, and creeps insidiously into every man's life. Its physiological effects^ there fore, should be clearly and adequately real- , ised. And the kuowledge of the ills may 19 ' some instance, prevent the existence of ti)e cause. t.. Quring the early 6tegefl ojf dgme^a^ by mental anxsetv, DrTTBichardson tellsus in bis " Diseases of Modern Lifej'' there is nothing'more than, an; increased * tentioh of the minute vessels which supply the brain. Jn later stages, t ie substances of the nervous 1 tissue itself undergoes "a modification by which its activity is permanent!}'lost. These , are the . physiological consequences, most briefly summoned up. The first symptom is a want of full bodily rigour; then follows craving for more work, disturbed sleep, acute sensitiveness to external impressions and, Sii&lly;, strange figures and sound", aye seen ajitl beard. This canditipri niayi.toii-.. tlnue for "years and the sufferer may h-ijin to accept abnormal creat ions as uatural- Or. Richardson cites a case of a merchant, flio for a week retained in his vision th*1 sprj;ra of thre6 lights, oval in shape, of the sizt of an egg, and so cloarly defined to the observer that he would watch thom half-coiiscioy;-Jy as theyfloated before him on the wall, he ceiling, or in space. In this stage of t^e dis ease lies tbe foundation of all hypotheses of; ghost-seeing, of ccstatie visions, and ^veii of poetic frenzy. A curious instance, dirocily in point, which came to our notice very re cently, is that of a wt!l*known writer on tlyr press, who, forTSom© "time pasth&adevhteld; , attention to the subject of morbid nrcntAl5' conditions. This gentleman, in a letter io a 1 daily journal, states himself to, be the victim of the horrible spectacle of two men hanging from a .gallows-a sight which he once bo ! held while acting as a city reporter. The i suspended corpses ere clearly brought before j him by the sound of rain (the execution oc curred during a rainstorm), and also by the ' sound of laughter, since through some un controllable impulse, during the hanging, he was induced to utter an untimely peai of merriment. That the writer's brain is in jured, possibly by the excessive mental strain peculiar to his profession, seems probable : and the lesion is manifested as already des cribed, by the constaut recurrence of the; apparition. It is a well-known fact that we have two na tures-one purely organic and emotional, the | other subject to the reasoning powers. The | organic nervous chain exists in the body as a ; link between emotional mental acts .and vas cular supply. An impression from without, made through the organs of the senses upon the emotional centres, ia reflected direct{y from them to the vascular expanse. The p^t flushes or blanches, and the heart hesitates, palpitates, rebounds, or intermits; so that these centres, excited by anxiety, or grief, or joy, or sorrow influence the waves of blood passing through tbe system, and the brain promptly feels the imperfect regulation of ilia supply. Under varying tensions of tho vessels there are flashes, chills, coldness of the extremities, and other oppressive symp toms. while in addition appear the distress ing ringing or hammering sounds ia the heao,,; These sounds are arterial murmurs, vibration. of the blood which press with each impulse of the hoarton the bony surroundings of the re laxed carotid canal, situated at tbe base.of the skull. The canal 19 in direct counexion, by solid conducting substance, with the orgaiis of bearing, and thus the faintest vibration is detected. The sound producey.'ifrhervie is. 'sudden andnnexpected; *ts i h moment s :of fea r, Is occasionally mistaken for a sound proceed ing from without with no obvious cause. . Thu9, the sufferer is likely to see .visions and hear strange noises, impalpable so tc: speak* but as purely physical as the most com mon things in life. In some instances they -j are actual perceptions of real fact9 or objects. , caught by an extremely susceptible and deli- ; cate nervous surface. In others they are an ! intensified recognition of movements within j the body ; but in the vast majority of instan ces they are actual impressions made at son e time on the organism, and now recalled and rendered more definite by constant recurrence. At this point*.if tbe mental powers be al lowed rest, and the fountains of care bo closed, recovery may take place ; but if the over-strain continue, tbe disease assumes still graver forms. .There is a maddening desire for work, more worfy coupled with the sad'sen nation <bat the physical powers are failing ; . and then there atje - lapses -of memory. The map of business fWetftimpprtant det^ljyjfe* 'most, makes mistaK?s7~and yetpersists in ac cumulating more ^ork on himself. The poet and novelist became over-sentlroental and morbid; the maL troubled with remorse for guilt confesses bis crime, or commits suicide. The downward course is rapid ; in one cast epilepsy occurs, in another paralysis, a third developes some hereditary malady like cancer, a fourth dies from nervous failure and local disease of gome vital organ. The majority, escaping these special end?, become prema turely old, and sink helplessly into death The brain becomes disorganised, the balance is broken, and anarchy succeeds to what once, was order. .. . In every brain, til fact, there is set up pri mitively a kingly force, to which all other forces bend. The king may be good or bad, be may be an hereditary king or a usurper] |>n^jtebolds the balance; kill the king, and,' mifinaty-nine cases out of a hundred, the* kingdom is made chaos and dark night.. 