MRS. FENWICK'S NEW YEAR'S EVE. BY W. SENIOR. THE word "home," pleasant sounding, warmly suggestive, universally loved though it be, is much too frequently used by persons who have no right to take it upon their lips. A. house is not always a home, in the sacred sense which should characterise its use. We are, I fear, every one of us, be our sphere small or great, familiar with men and women who have never been able to master the secret how to make home homely. They live in fine houses, fitted with all the luxuries a luxurious age can offer for human enjoyment; and, judged by all the outward requirements of human happiness, there is nothing wanting. Yet the essence of home is not there. The costly furniture, suggests none of the soft warmth which attaches to the idea of a nest. On the other hand, we, most of us, I hope, number amongst our acquaintances at least some whose habitations have the sweet home-flavour pervading them. It is difficult at the moment to say how or why this is, just as it would have been difficult to say why the other houses, were unhomely: but the atmosphere is one of peace and warmth, and you instinctively nestle there— not lodge. Mrs. Fenwick's cottage is regarded by all the country around as a model of what home should be. Kind glances are cast by passers by across the pleasant lawn towards the snug dwelling whose front is covered all the year through with picturesque foliage. The Fenwicks are spoken of everywhere as a united family. Highly privileged, indeed, do those feel who are invited to the home festivals which the Fenwicks give regularly as the seasons arrive. Mrs. Fenwick is in length of years beyond the meridian of life; and there is a something in her appearance that would lead you to fancy she could never have been girlish, as she would never be grey and wrinkled as others are. She has the calm and sweetness of a saint, but more sympathy with the flesh and blood around her than can be observed in the various types of sainthood the Old Masters have left for our study. The influence she exercises wherever she goes resembles the influence of the sun upon a water-meadow lying dim under the morning mists. A gradual, silent, potent brightness steals into the glad surroundings, and the air is cleared. What further need be said to explain why it is the home of the Fenwicks is the abode of peace, unity, and love? The snow which last New Year's Eve at first fell in large soft flakes, hardened when turned upon fiercely by the north-east wind. The room was warm and light, and the curtains were cosily drawn, yet we could hear the storm- sent pellets rattling in volleys upon the window panes. The sound told of darkness, wildness, and winter without; and we moved a trifle nearer the fire, shuddering as if we each and every one felt the cold which the echoes of the tempest brought vividly to our imaginations. Under such circumstances, such a home as Mrs. Fenwick's could he seen at its best. "Quite on old-fashioned winter, dear," observed Mr. Fenwick: a fresh-faced man, whose whole bearing proclaimed that he had set his steps towards the downward journey with complete content. "Yes: on such a night as this we can appreciate without effort the comforts of a home," responded our hostess. And we all gazed into the fire, musing; and watched the flames crackling under the oaken log which the Fenwicks never failed to produce on New Year's Eve. An ashen faggot on Chritmas Eve, and a block of oak on the last night of the old year were institutions with our friends, as were the spiced wines and cider which were warmed on the hob. When new fashions come in, old fashions are not discarded at this house merely because they are old. What Mr. Fenwick saw amongst the fantastic smoke wreaths, sparks, and flame, I know not; but they seemed to suggest the uttered soliloquy. "Just twenty-five years ago, mamma, was it not?" Husband and wife addressed each other in the terms used by their children: as "Mamma" and "Papa." "Those were my very thoughts, too, Henry," she answered, with a look of unspeakable fondness towards her husband. "What would you say, children," she added, "if I told you that once our home was unhappy, and threatened with wreck?" "I should say it was impossible," we replied, in unison. "And what would you say if you knew it was all my fault?" Mrs. Fenwick proceeded "Also impossible,'' said the chorus. Mr. Fenwick, laughing quietly, and with apparently much internal relish, remarked— "I think the time has arrived, mamma, when you had better tell them the story. Some of our nestlings will be flying out of the old nest soon, and a good lesson cannot be learned too early. Come, mamma—the story." "Story!" exclaimed we, in unison. "Yes; and a singular story, too," Mrs. Fenwick said. More wood was heaped on, and the seven true children of these true parents, sitting in a semicircle, with the fitful flashes of the firelight illumining each in turn, constituted a picture which filled my heart to look upon. The New Year's blessing seemed to have been already bestowed. "Mine will strike you as a very romantic story, I dare say," Mrs. Fenwick commenced; "but the events which it describes were half realities to papa and me at the time. You will be a little surprised at first, I expect; then I give you leave to smile; but at the end you will be thankful,I am sure. "Twenty-five years ago, papa and I were what is called young housekeepers—that is to say, we had been married about four years. Somehow, we were not as happy as we thought at the beginning we should be. I will not give you my own theories as to the cause. The effect was that a dreadful gulf began to form between us, and by the time my story opens it had perceptibly widened. I grew crosser and crosser every day. After papa had left home in the morning, I used to cry and form good resolutions; but at night the unpleasantness would be sure to return again in some shape or other. Papa used to say I was ill- tempered; and I would retort that he was harsh, cruel, and unjust. He complained that I was sour and pendant; I accused him of habitual morosity. In this way, without positively quarrelling, we lived unhappily. Our little home, which should have been sunny and cheery, was cloudy, and increasingly gloomy. Papa lost his energy; and his companions used to shake their heads, and say, "Poor Fenwick, who used to be the gayest of fellows, is going wrong, depend upon it." "Though not rich, we had sufficient where- with to live in comfort; but in the midst of our wrangles papa would sometimes say, bitterly, he would rather live on a crust and have peace, than on dainties without it. "On the last day of the old year, just five, and twenty years ago, a difference of opinion arose at the breakfast table. As usual, it sprung from a mere nothing; but never forget, children, that harse words gather like snow. Retort followed retort; until papa, hastily leaving his chair, said he wished he was a thousand miles away. I, in my wicked anger, told him I wished so too! and that when there, he would never return again. I was fright- ened at papa's stern expression, as he walked out of the house, without our kissing and saying 'good-bye' to each other. We had never since our wedding day neglected this; for of course, silly couple that we were, at heart, appearance notwithstanding, we loved each other well. I watched papa, ankle deep in snow, go down the garden path, out of the gate, and along the lane, stern and miserable. Never before had he turned into the high road without waving his hand as a final adieu. "Finding that he was indeed gone, I sat down and cried until I thought my heart would break. As the day wore on, I endeavoured to seek relief in a Christmas tale, which papa had brought home for me. Christmas tales were coming into fashion just then, and this was concerning ghosts and ghostly fancies. Papa will tell you by and bye, no doubt, that I read it more intently than was good for me. My own impression is that I did not read it; but that I sat on my low chair close to the fender, with the book lying on my lap, and a page of goblin sketches before me. I suppose I had better admit at once, to prevent any unnecessary mystery, that it is not impossible I went to sleep and dreamed. I do not say it was so, or that it was not. What seemed to me to take place, I will tell you. "The snow fell thicker and faster, the wind increasing all the while. It was dark very early in the afternoon; but I still kept my seat, thinking what a rough journey home papa would have. The wind shrieked round the house wildly, and I was irresistibly compelled to listen to it. Then I became possessed of the conviction that the air was peopled with invisible spirits who were clamouring with a direct purpose, and respecting myself, outside the window. Very soon my attention was drawn to startling scenes in the fire. I was pointed at derisively by a haggish crew. They extended their skinny fingers towards me; and as they circled, wheeled, and darted hither and thither, directed my eyes towards a limitless sea, and sung the following libretto to the music of the howling winter blasts:— 1ST VOICE:—Ah, gone! CHORUS:—Yes, gone—gone! 2ND VOICE:—A thousand miles away. CHORUS:—Away! away! away! 3RD VOICE:—She drove her love away. 4TH VOICE:—Alack, alack, the day! 5TH VOICE:—From her he now will stay. CHORUS:—Gone, gone! Away, away— Her love's a thousand miles away! "I warned you, you would smile; but in the gloom of that twilight, ludicrous as I felt one aspect of the scene to be, my heavy heart beat fast,and my swollen eyes brimmed over. The chief performers in that singular opera I often get a glimpse of now between the barn, especially when a wood fire is burning; and it was because papa fancied my weired acquaintances had danced out of the oaken log that he started the subject. We have talked about them so often, that I think papa himself gets a nod from them sometimes." "Not a doubt of it," said Mr. Fenwick, with a chuckle. "One of your fire witches has been winking at me ever so long." "Ah, dear children," continued Mrs. Fenwick, "we will all laugh when the story is done; but let me proceed. The operatic chorus was repeated in a variety of grotesque ways, and I was just determining to ring for candles, when a shriek more frightful than all the rest scattered the spectres right and left, and simultaneously a shower of snow-flakes fluttered down the chimney. '' 'Then I'm not asleep after all,' I thought. 'When the wind is in this blustering quarter, snow or rain will be driven down occasionally.' Besides, the flakes were hissing. 'A very commonplace occurrence, that,' I thought. "Still, it was a peculiar kind of hissing. It seemed quite pointed and personal, like the howling of the wind. So I kept my eye on a great flake that had settled upon a corner of the log which the flame was just on the point of reaching. Wonder of wonders! it began to assume fantastic shapes. It shaped itself into papa's fur cap; then into a ship in the trough of a heavy sea; then into a weeping woman paraded by an angry crowd; and the chorus- singing died away as if at vast distance. "Bearing this sport no longer I raised the poker, and thrust it at the bit of snow. The sudden movement brought it within reach of the flame; and with a sharp, concentrated hiss of hisses, the snow turned to blue vapour, and the vapour clearing off, revealed the oddest little mannikin, elf or fairy land could ever produce. His feet were dangling in the flame, much as a boy sitting on the river-bank paddles in the water. The queer creature—he was about an inch and a half tall—was beating time to the chorus, which now approached nearer and nearer. My unbidden visitor waxed impatient, and quickened the measure, violently swinging his right arm to and fro. The musical hags coursed around him shrieking— "From her he's glad to stay— She drove her love away!" "Now, then, all together,' the elfin conductor cried, shrill and clear; and they obeyed with fresh vehemence— ''Behold, behold, he's glad to stay A thousand, thousand miles away." "At a given sign from the mannikin, the figures in a wink changed to sparks, and trooped up the chimney. The mannikin leaned on the bar of the fender, and bowed to me very courteously, cap in hand. " 'Oh, this is too absurd.' I said. "Yes, Mrs. Fenwick," he answered with great gravity. 'There is a comical side to it, I confess. I hope my angelic choir have behaved themselves in a ladylike manner.' " " 'Am I awake, or asleep, and dreaming? I said, overcome with deadly fear. " 'You're not dreaming, I can assure you. Dreaming! Hem, that's not very complementary, you know.' " 'Then, what does this mean?' I asked. " 'Pray don't wring your hands,' he begged me, turning a series of rapid somersaults into my lap. 'They do these goblins very badly,' he jauntily remarked, pointing to the goblin drawings in the Christmas number. 'It is a low style of art. We had a meeting yonder about it the other night.' " 'I must have lost my senses,' I murmured. " 'Pooh! Not at all. However, it is getting late, Mrs. Fenwick, and l have forgotten to tell you that you needn't wait up for Henry to-night. You both have your wish. As my musical friends hinted just now, so delicatley as they could, Henry has gone a thousand miles away, and means to stop there.' " 'You little wretch, how dare you?' I shouted. There you go again,' he said; it's that unfortunate temper that has done all the mis- chief.' " 'Begone, begone,' I exclaimed, feeling quite angry. " 'Don t mention it,' he said, humming the refrain I now knew so well. " 'Who are you? What are you?' I asked and their being no immediate answer I added, impatiently, 'tell me, directly, you little monster.' " 'The fact is, madam,' he politely went on, 'I paused, because I thought your sentence would have been more complete if you had in- troduced, as a third clause, "Where are you?" But that is mere detail. As to who I am, I am one of his Majesty's inspectors, Farramond, by name; and you will observe that the same answer will meet your curiosity as to what I am.' "I pinched myself, and leaped to my feet, not intending, however, as I immediately did, to roll the little gentleman like a crumb into the grate. He kicked up a furious dust amongst the cinders, and got into rage. " 'Aha! aha!' " he shouted, 'this must cease. You called me monster, did you, Madam Fenwick. Is this your notion of a mobster?' "And as he spoke, I was paralyzed with horror to see him draw himself out perpendicularly, like a telescope, until he attained gigantic proportions. "Mercy, mercy!' I cried. "Then he shut himself up again into mannikin dimensions, creaking as he dwindled downwards, and, in his former piping voice casually remarking, 'This damp climate rusts your joints most ridiculously.' "Laughing one moment, crying the next; shivering now with fear, and then affecting to treat the whole thing as a good joke, I at last said, 'Yes, I am dreaming—mad, per- haps.' " 'Bah!' he answered, 'Why do you not take my word? But let me arrive at what disputants in this sphere term a mutual understanding. Did you ever hare of one Hymen?' " 'Yes, I boldly rejoined. 'A mere Lemprière divinity.' " 'That is just the answer I expected from you,' said the mannikin, looking very much shocked at my contempt. 'I assure you he is a realty, and I am one of his inspectors. The salary is not large, but the work is noble, madam. The fact is, I have been specially sent from Hymen Empire to report upon your case. King Hymen, for several centuries, has maintained a sort of international exhibition of faulty husbands and wives. A staff of com- petent inspectors, of whom I am—at your service, madam—are charged with the prepara- tion of preliminary reports. If his Majesty considers the person reported upon a proper subject, a sharp look- out is kept; and we have made a bargain with the Styx ferryman, based on a kind of gradation of payments, to hand those subjects over to us.' " 'Dear Mr.—Mr.—' I was saying. " 'Never mind the name,' he said. " 'Then dear Mr. Farramond, please do not report me this time; I'll never do it again,' I implored. " 'Very sorry, I'm sure,' he continued; 'but yours is a specially bad case, and I am warran- ted in consequence in putting a special power in operation to deal with it. We can, in in- stances of particularly faulty wives or husbands, spirit them away, without waiting for the little ceremony at the ferry. You called me a monster; for that I forgive you. My august liege you derided as a Lemprière divinity: presumption could no further go. Nothing remains for me, madam, but to request the pleasure of your company to Hymen Empire at once. This way, please. Thank you.' "Upwards, upwards I was born through the snow-laden air, a prey to two sets of feelings— as, indeed, I had been throughout—the one compelling me to look upon the matter with awe, seriousness, and sorrow; the other inducing me to view the proceedings with a whimsical practicality. For example, my wonderful inspector would shade his eyes with his hand as we soared, and observe, 'Ah, we must edge off before the gale a little. Headway is the great thing in an expedition of this kind.' Then we would dip somewhat, and skim along obliquely, like swallows. " 'You will answer for this,' I remember say- ing. " 'If you object,' he urged, 'remind me anon and I will make a note of your objection. At our Court we are not above borrowing hints, even from such a world as this; and one of our folks, in course of his wanderings, having been made aware of your habit of taking a note of an objection, reported upon it, and the King passed a bye-law legalizing the custom in his dominions.' " 'Is that the ocean?' I inquired, having caught sight of a blue haze far away into space. "It is,' my guide informed me. 'And here is a glass, through which you shall look at it. It is priceless; so, whatever you do, please do not drop it.' "He held the glass to my eyes, and I saw distinctly upon the sea a vessel with papa on the deck, looking dismally over the taffrail into the sea. " 'Alas! alas!' I cried, in anguish—''then it is all true. My husband has gone!' " 'He has, the inspector said; 'and you had the particulars, not said, but sung, by my fire-proof choristers. But no more levity. We have now done with earth; and in two minutes you will see with different eyes from any you have had before.' "Swift as an arrow we plunged into sudden darkness, and came out on the other side into a subdued light. There were trees and flowers, but they were withered; there were wreaths, but they were faded. In a courtyard, paved with tarnished wedding rings, a multitude of woebegone women were waiting, bewailing their lost opportunities, and sighing for the homes they had lost.A sickening sorrow and remorse entered into my soul, and I shrank from this band of wretched sisters. I asked my guide what they had done? " 'Simply what you have,' he explained— 'given way to their tempers—nothing more, but they have the advantage of you, for they have all passed the ferry, and been transferred to us; fair and square, by Master Charon. We have always a large number of cases on hand at this time of the year. This is the women's side; the men's side is quite as well occupied, I assure you.' " 'Really,' I argued, 'you must have very extensive premises here if you accommodate all the faulty wives, and husbands that have crossed the ferry during the centuries you mentioned.' " 'Ha! ha!' he laughed. 'Yes, we have ample room now! but at the outset we were obliged to invent a system of compression—individual compression. I am considerably over the middle size. A two-inch subject is gigantic in these regions.' "We were admitted at length into an inner hall, which I presumed was a Hall of Judgment. Sighs and moans filled the air, and were wafted about high and low. It was a vast semicircular space, with a strange structure in the centre of the arc. It resembled a portion of an arm-chair built of toy houses, representing the habitations of people of various climes. The mannikin Farramond informed me that this was one of the curiosities of the court; but I being too sad to trouble him with a question, he volunteered the addi- tional information that it was the King's throne. It had been, in course of erection for ages; and the original proposal was to carry it upwards to a considerable height, the King's' architect, had made a calculation that it would never be finished. "It was part of King Hymens's great pro- ject that his throne should be made of nothing but models of really happy homes. The consequence was, that for years he had no seat at all; and for half a century it could not be reared higher than an ordinary footstool. Even now its proportions were mean and contemptible. " 'Only think', my guide observed, confiden- tially, how gloriously that little cottage of yours would have fitted into that gaping angle!" " 'It is too late,' I answered, despondingly. " 'Yes—too late now; but of all the multi- tudes that come under my notice, few ever had a better chance than you,' was the next reflection uttered by the mannikin; and you may be sure it probed my very heart. "A [?ness] now gradually settled upon everything, upon rendering the surrounding objects indistinct. Then amid a blare of trum- pets and trample of hosts, the mist lifted, and I beheld King Hymen and his Court. He was a majestic-looking personage, hoary with age, and clad in Grecian garb. The flowers with which he was crowned were withered like those I had observed in the courtyard, only the roses were black-edged, as if they had been sub- jected to the influence of poison, while the marjoram was nearly hidden in sprigs of cypress, and bunches of rue, and rosemary. The torch, which mythological story teaches us the God Hymen held in one hand, lay on the small table near the throne; but the fire had long ceased to burn. The vest of purple was rolled into a wisp, and stuck into the King's girdle. The area was peopled with myriads of Lilliputian men and women, divided into sections. These, I understood, had once, like myself, inhabited the earth; but had all been compressed to dwarf size. "A herald blew a shrill blast, and demanded silence. The King, I noticed, wore an expression of ineffable sadness, and surveyed the audience with a dreamy gaze of sorrow. Sighing, he motioned a prominent official to proceed, and then sank back wearily. "The herald read a proclamation, which my companion whispered had been prepared by the King's chief adviser, in the ancient days of the Court's infancy, and, which was always read at the opening of every State ceremony. It set forth that after the Athenians went the way of other nations, and decayed, the God, Hymen suffered from neglect. He was no longer invoked on nuptial occasions, and humanity failed to render the homage it once lavished upon him. But the greatest suffering he endured was in perceiving the unhappy marriages which became the rule, where once they had been the exception. At length he was convinced that his occupation as a god was gone. A general meeting of the other gods was convened on Olympus, and a sub-committee was appointed. They met frequently in the sacred wood of Jupiter; and at the close of a long debate, passed a resolution granting Hymen's dispensation as King of an Empire, with power over the spirits of faulty wives and husbands for all time, that he might institute experiments, and collect evidence with a view to render all unhappy marriages impossible. "Although in this proclamation there was a ludicrous admixture of the old and the new, the grave and the laughable, my mood was sad and believing. Grief lay upon me like a weight pressing me to the earth. No notice had so far been taken of me, and shame mingled with and gave poignancy to my grief as I awaited the time when my misdeeds would be published before this wretched assembly. Yet I acknowleged the justice of my position, and felt that there was not one of them all so culpable as I was. "The official who had read the proclamation again stepped forward. " 'Your high and mighty Majesty,' he said, 'the inspectors wait without.' "The King waved his permission for them to enter. "A procession of mannikin inspectors, of the order of Farramond, walked up to the throne, and prostrated themselves. Then one ad- vanced, unrolled a scroll, and presented a report. At a signal, a woman young, and of earthly stature appeared. She fell on her knees, and wrung her hands. My inspector intimated to me that the poor creature had crossed the dread ferry. Her inspector began to read his report, which attributed her shortcomings to drink. "A clerkly looking person, sitting under the throne, at once interposed. The Court of King Hymen, he stated, could not deal with cases of positive crime. The myriads who were now compressed before his gracious Majesty had not been criminals, as the world accounted crime. On the contrary they had all been by their kind esteemed highly moral and virtuous. The qualification for their admission and compression was any fault short of actual crime by which a home was rendered unhappy. So far as the mass of evidence in their hands would afford them time for classification, they had already ascertained that there were three thousand and nine distinct faults of this character. At first intoxicating drink was a very debateable subject; and, as it was difficult to decide where drunkenness really began, the law officers of the Crown were appealed to, and ever since excessive drinking had been reckoned a crime, and therefore beyond the jurisdiction of the Court of Hymen. "The inspector who had charge of the case implored forgiveness, being, as he alleged, now to the work; and explained that there was such a rush at the ferry when he passed over that the usual certificate was not demanded of him. He was then ordered to conduct his charge back, to be dealt with in the ordinary way. "The next case—the same form of proceed- ings being observed throughout—was that of a woman whose fault had been love of dress. Her vanity had led her to be selfish; her husband's temper had become soured by her waste of time and money in personal adornment; her children copying her example, thought only of outer display; mean unsisterly rivalries led to family bickerings; and the extravagance indulged in by the mother, and the children whose vanity she had fostered, robbed them of comforts. "She, too, was ordered off for compression and experiment; and, according to custom, she was escorted to the section to which others of the same class had been drafted. They constituted at least one-half of the great assembly; and I blushed to observe how they crowded round the new comer, examined her various articles of costume, and indulged in all kinds of vanities. " 'This is a most incorrigible set,' my inspector informed me. 'We do reclaim a few, but the per centage is not a twentieth of some of the other classes.' "The second case was that of a novel-read- ing wife. It was heard with much attention, being comparatively a new class. Married life could not have been entered upon under happier auspices than hers; but her thoughts were distracted and her imagination vitiated by incessant novel-reading. She despised her husband because he was not a prince, or a soldier, or an Adonis; and at length turned his honest affection into indifference and coldness. "She, also, was ordered off for compression and experiment; and, as in the former instance, amidst the sighs and groans of the multitude. "The third culprit was a gossip- monger. She was reported to have made not only her own home permanently unhappy, but the homes of thirty-two friends more or less miserable. At the announcement of her failing, groans arose from every quarter of the area, as if all had suffered in their time from the class she represented: and I could not but notice what a large section hers was. " 'It is contemplated,' my friend said, 'to make this offence a crime, in consequence of the hopeless results of all the experiments hitherto tried.' "As the gossip-monger marched across the hall with the escort, her sister gossip-mongers clamoured for the latest scandal so loudly, that it was some time before order was restored. "The fourth case was that of a sullen temper; the fifth that of a hasty temper; the sixth that of a frivolous mind; the seventh that of a slattern; the eighth that of a person who had gradually neglected religious observance until a household of worldy sceptics turned the family life into ingratitude, discon- tent, and worldliness. There were several cases of greediness, and several of envy; while the cases of jealousy were so numerous that I gave up numbering them. But this time I was overwhelmed with remorse, and reproached myself with being an embodiment of all these failings. The incidental sketches given of other husbands in the report had brought out the good qualities of mine, until every one of the ghostly assembly seemed my accuser. " 'They all say that when it is of no avail,' Farramond said. 'But look yonder,' he hastily added. "It was your papa, dear children, whom I saw being marshalled through to the throne —pale as when I saw him last, but the sternness gone, and in its stead a tender look of regret. " 'He has no right here,' I said, indignantly. ' He was not faulty.' " 'He might as well be here as anywhere else,' my friend observed. 'He has come over the ferry in the regular way.' " 'Dead?' I gasped. " 'Yes,' was the answer. 'Can you not see a piece of seaweed entangled around his arms?' Under his nails there are small deep-sea shells and sand. He must have grappled the bed of the ocean pretty tightly, but not tight enough to lose your locket, which you may notice he still holds in his death-grasp.' "I made the place resound with shrieks of 'Henry!' Henry! and a great commotion ensued. I fought and struggled my way to him, took his damp, cold fingers, wiped the sea-foam from his lips, and took his tangled, briny hair in my hands. It was a harrowing piece of realty. " 'It was all my harshness, Margaret,' he said; 'but the Past is beyond recall now. There are no husbands and wives here. I could see how easily we might have been happy, as I sank for the third time into the cruel waves.' " 'Farramond, step forth,' the King commanded. And my late guide obeyed. " 'What of this woman, Farramond?' " 'My lord the King,' the mannikin said, 'it is a case of temper of the third degree, whereof it is written that it is as the dropping of water which weareth away a stone.' " 'Compression and experiment,' was the immediate fiat. " 'My husband! my husband!' I said, ap- pealing with uplifted hands to him. " 'His stony eyes were fixed upon vacancy, and there was no response. Only a dirge-like melody resounded— "Dead, dead, from her he now is free; His happy home is in the sea. Repentance ne'er his life can save, He peaceful lies beneath the wave. "And as the invisible choir wailed thus, and everything around became black and funereal, a weired procession of spirits floated away with my husband on a pall covered bier. * * * * * " 'Why, Margaret,' papa said, grasping me in his strong hands, 'another moment, and you would have been in the fire! And crying, too?' " 'Is it you really, darling?' I hysterically asked, feeling him to see if he were indeed alive. " 'Me? Yes. Who else?' " 'And you are not drowned?' " 'Not much. A little frozen, that is all.' " 'And you are not dead?' " 'No; but shall be if you do not soon replenish the fire, he said, laughingly. " 'God be thanked, then!' I fervently exclaimed. And forthwith I told papa the whole story; and for the lessons we learnt on that New Year's Eve we have always been grateful." Mr. Fenwick added his brief contribution to the story. He came home on the afternoon in question, light of heart, he said, for he had good news to convey as to has prospects; and had resolved, on his homeward walk, to ask his young wife to try with him to bear with each other's infirmities better for the future. "I found mamma asleep in her chair," he went on. "The fire had been allowed to go out, and it was dark, In procuring a light, I suppose I made a noise, for she sprang upon me like one demented; and then I heard the wonderful tale which has kept you all so entranced." "Yes, darling," added Mrs. Fenwick; "you laughed at me at first, but when you saw how I trembled and wept, you agreed with me that it was special New Year's message for us both." "Now I know why I am named Farramond," said the oldest boy of this happy family. "Yes; it was a pledge of our gratitude," he was told.—From the Victoria Magazine. 