Loss ot tho Steamer Georgette- THE MISSING BO'AT'S COMPANY SAVED. It will be remembered when the last mail from Kiri£ George's Sjund arrived, news came of the loss of the branch mail stenmer Georgette. The acviuntof theofcurrenc • was scarcely complete before the own mail left, butit was reported all hands belonging to one boat were missin/. Ii is now ptea^ins to record that the castaw ys in the crazy b>at were not lost, but succeeded in reaching the shore at another part of the coast, and on boarding the brig Edith Haviland on Thursday morninp, there were found to be five of the survivors passengers by thit vessel. Of the accident one of them. Mr. Dempster, eives .1 full account, by which it appears the Georgette 1 ft Fiemantle on Tuesday, November 28. and having called at Banbury and the Vassa. proceeded on towards King George's Sound, taking the passage inside the reef at Cape Natnr liste. ami (he weather being fin°, the steamer was making fair progress towards her port. The passengers turned in, and no apprehension of danger was felt until next morninc, when Mr. Dempster was aroused by a noise of dipping water out of the lazarette. He at once dresse.l. and troing on deck it was pretty evident the steamer had sprung a serious leak, for the engine fires were extinguished. the main pumps broken down, and all hands dipping water from below. The position of affairs was mo^t critir-a!, and it was at once deemed advisable to get out the boils, and one was immediate:/ lowered. Tliere was some sea on, but as tJe vessel headed slowly under canvas towards the shore, then- computed to be 25 mi : es distant, the passengers snt into the bout without a rush. She had lo i.n buard before it was found, she was in s6 leaky a state as to be full tu the thwarts. The people •were then returned to the steamer, and that boa', dropped astern and was nearly adrift ; when one of the pa-sentrcrs in a most courageous manner slipped down the fall and seemed her. Meanwhile tt'e lifeboat wa r - ^r.s out, and several of the women and childien were placed in her, but through some mischance -he got under the counter of the steamer and was staved, drowning several of the children and women. The scene was at this time a most distressing one. Mr. Dempster and his b.other jumped ovc r the stern into the smaller l.uat and picked up several of the women and childern. After this '.he frail craft was hauled up alongside, the chief mate got in, and the boat was casi adrift with the idea that fihe could pick up tho-e struy^lin^ in the water. .Some of the party had to con- Ht.ir.'ly bale the water out, while so badly wore the ho.its equipped that others bad to make tnole pins. TUe boat then went towards the others, and succeeded in picking ofl two men who were on the other boat's hot 11.111. This made a complement of six men. four women, and four children in the leaky boat, md on trying to overtake the Georgette the wind freshened, and there was not, 1 he least chance of overhauling her. At 1 his juncture it was resolved to pull for the shore, and it required every exertion to keep i he boat from capsizing; but at four o'clock they succeeded in getting a blanket set for a tail, and the wind being favorable the b^at made better headway, and at. length t). > lini tv landed abuut 15 miies to the sotituward of Cape Naturaliste. Some of tl: • men found their way to the nearest ftp L''enrnt. along the coastline, and mean- \vhi!" ot imi-s foupd a station some aist nee in'.uid. It belonged to a lady named A b v I10 at. once sent piovisions ar-d supp:;'*-, .•! ad .the oiler of shelter until some r.jijt •! unit y offr-p'-d of getting on to the Soi.i; on los; i iue number of women and chiMren 7 t lie capsizing of the life-boat was 1111- '•?( it \\\\\ii suppose! one worn m an I ire:-, and another no.ir mother and n '.vent. down. To have remained bv • •inner would hive been the best • 'ing stie sailed in for the land, and .-iting along for n time the master d a break in the iron bound coast, the vessel on to a sandy beach, 1 on board were safely landed. : A V ELLIIKS BETWEEN Kn'kabiirv and "V .11 "0 Thursd.iy last inform us that they w.v Lumbers of parrots beneath the trees • : I' 1 ( '.il'eri dead from he effects of the , -I i.e.L'i. Hundreds uf birds perished : , . •. i'-inity of covered waterholes and : mid the smaller kinds with a strong in-ti ,..}. of self-pi'e-crvai ion, crept, into ho'es i 1 ;iic ground, attempting ti hi-ie th'.m-elves 1" ra the intense heat of the sun. In and nicund Moonta also the feathered tribe snif••»red severely, scores of domestic fowls b . v.:".••: yielded up the ghost, during the hot weather that we bad on Thursday and Friday last. AND ISOEPEN'DKVT LABIRKHS." —e, nt'.eman, 011 Uie correctness of vv use .jtater.iciits we can rely, informs us lhat a man who hnd been six months in the colony, was recently fined in the north £2. or in default one month's imp' i-on -nent. for neg- Iectiu-- to 3stingui«h a fue lie had lit on the ioa '-i fe. The fine was 'iu'ht owing, doubt less. ;o I he man's ignorance „f the law, ;jnd tli' -•.now he cxpre-sed at the damage n l,,. n iii been caused by iy's carelessness v. iii! 1 a: eworth 011 his wav to the i" I -.:..!• provided by the Stat", his case enl:-n ! he sympathy of a farmer who cami. ii. 1 '. i' ntact with him, and whose symna'hv W.I :: anifestr-d in jiractical form 113- O£F.Ting ! , eiigape the man at lGs. per week an boaui mid lodging, ami to advance the 40-. ii. i which li.nl 1 .eon impo-ed on him. On ., :'iM have thought the man who was a .Dti-one- able-bodied fellow would have jumped .V such a chance of escaping the in ignirv of ciura-.icc vi e, but to the astonishment of the farmer hiiri-elf and the by- Rt anders, he replied. " I won't c.oint for less 1 "11 n £1 ])er week." Surely," said the farmer, "you won't go to gaol for the sake of is. a week." " Yes." gaid the new arrival " 1 will, I won't, take less ihan £1 per week." And though at the same time he expressed his 1 egret, for the position in which he was placed, he adhered to his resolution and, lai.hei 'ban take less than tfie wages he Jiii j nam fid, continued his journey under the e- r i t of the trooper, and is now serving Her .sty at nothing per week Kopunda Herald. COPPER MONEY.—A royal proclamation which is published in the Government Oazcttc as having effect in this colony, states " that in whatsoever of our colonies, plantations, possessions, and dominions there be current coprer moneys of this realm, commonly called a penny, a halfpenny. a farthing, and a half-farthing. Other than and except bronze moneys, such copper moneys be no longer allowed to pass or be current in any payment whatever. AT the meeting of the Marine Board, held on Wednc-day last a letter was re^d from the Harbor Master of Moonta, calling atten- • lio.'I to the dangerous practice of constantly! discharging large quantites of gunpowder R 1 .0 _ ^ __ • from vessels in harbor. The Board decided t 1 make a by-law to meet the case. M FMOiUAL on behalf of Mr. W. Villen- <• :. ,• - h. who is in prison for libellin ' Mr. J iiuvi.'iT, wa« pie-ci,jed to His Excellency ttie Governor on SatHrday. the lGth inst. The petition was signed by more thau 7,200 j psr»ous. Mr. O'HALLORAN succeeds Mr. McCullagh 1 Stipendiary Magistrate at Port Pii ie, ( the latter leaving for his appointment to fi'1 the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Laurie, of Port Elliot. ( SUNSTROKE—A. man named Taylor, a ' butcher, was sun truck at Munoora on the i 14th inst. He fell from his cart and broke his collar b jne, besides getting very much bruised. ELIZABETH HAMMATT wife of John Hammalt -jf Sunbury, was killed on the 13th by a 400 gallon tank full of water falling on her from out of a dray. AT Yarraville, Melbourne, a "child named Hugh Peaoiek was found dead in its parent's bi-d on the morning of November 22. Tht mother of the child, with two other women, was iu a state of intoxication ou Tuesi.iy, and obtained a quantity <>f beer during the afternoon, and if is believe-i that iu a state of intoxication the child's mother overlaid and suffocated it. A FATAL ACCIDENT of a somewhat curious rmtur- is reported by the Ararat Advertiser. A miner tiameii Jackson, whilst working alone hy the side of a w iterhole, was suddenly seized with a fir, and fell into the water. The circumstance was nut di?c>iverrd till too late to save the unfortunate man's life. NORTHERN TERRITORY.—A telegram from Brisbane savs the South Australian Government have authorised the Rev. Wilton Hack to arrange -or immigration to the Northern Territory, and that it is intended to give the settlers grants of land. THE Gov rnment have g-azetted the following as th- Christmas holidays this year :— Monday the 25th, Christmas Dav ; Tuesday, the 26 r h; and Wednesday, the 27th. in lieu of the 28th, the anniversary of the colony. THE Advertiser say-—As to the prospects of the Port Pirie and Gladstone railway paying, we are inf.rm-d that iast year, while the line was only available between the Port and Crystal b'-nok, the monthly earnings were from £1.000 to £1,200. and the actual working expense- under £100. DDRINO the past, m 'nth (writes the Brisbane J'clngraph of November 9) two divers engaged 111 pearl fishing in Northern Queensland h^ve been drowned while at work in their diving dresses, and two swimming divers have been devouied by -harks I h>- dis usting brute* are so nunr-inus as to produce ' preceptibl<\- falling off in thpquintity of pe:irl fish obtained. One of the divers is described as 'osmg his life in a singular way. He was walking a ong I he bottom, which was very level and free froin coral, when bis life-line became entangle I around a large piece of cupshaped coral, the only obstruction for a considerable distanc.;. The boat to which he was attached was drifting with the tide as he w-'lk-. d on :md the life-line getting foul, the boat was anchored as it were. The strain thus hr night on the life-line would appear to have drawn the diver down to the coral, there' 1 y creating such alar 1 an to cause him to lose bis presence of .nind, nnd cut the line. He ini^ht just, as well have cut his throat, as by his thoughtless act he tran-ferred the boat's strain from the rope to the air-nipe, which was soon pulled out of its socket in the helmet. It was some ti ne before the body was recovered 't was on its hack, and a knife was flt miy clutched in the right hand. Our Adelaide Correspondent writes: — A s -ciety has recently been formed in Melbourne, and named the " Australian Health Society. 1 ' the 'bje:t of which is by mea.ni of s ib-agents, or sub-soci' ties acting in co- cert with anJ under the direction of the Head Society in Melbourne, to bring the question of sanitation before the Australian public, so as lo get uniformity of action in all sanitary measures Branches are contemplated in Adelaide. Sydney, Brisbane, and in the other capi'als of the several colonies. The question of sanitation is every year (as far as our • vvn citv is concerned) becoming increasingly grave and important, yet I don't know what right Victoria has to constitute herself the centre nf all sanitary aclion. The proverb Cure thyself " applies , j I to nearly all the densely crowded centres of onr eastern neighbour ; anil though some portions of Adelaide would be improved by regular weekly vis tsfr.>m the Health Officer, and the scattering of '•' Sullivan's disinfectant" ad libitum, yet ev n these choice spot, s are a vei v eiys'um to the crowded suburbs in the eastern and no th-eastern parts of Melbourne. The Austral an Health Society is certainly moderate in its assumptions, thr, self-constituted centre, and the pity is that the colonies are rejecting all interference with their ptivate matters. The question of sanitation is n grand one for Victoria, with her almost 900.000 souls, and a large percentage of th'-m squeezed into the large centres too. We slial watch the efforts of tb" Health Society, and shall not be above 'earning a less in, but, in the meantime we disclaim all right of Victoria to take part in I ii renting the mod,us operandi of sanitary meaauies in Adelaide. ) Our Adelaide Co-respondent wrPes : — I had no thought when I clipped the para- j graph from the Register, in r" the results atained in our public schools, in any way tore- 'iect upon the schools of your neighbourhood nr-r in fact any in the colony. First, I inn not in any wny acquainted with the character of your schools ; and second^ I nm convinced (lhat is in the opinion of a newspaper writer) that result examinations ate nor always a true test of a school's efficiency. .First-class men may be in charge of your schools, for anv- 'hing I know, and yet their result examinations may he under those whose education and aptitude in teaching are considerably lower ; yet this affords no proof that your schools a>e not well conducted. r o obtain good results several thfngs are n,.e led: pre-eminen' !y. constant and regular attenduncr. cmnd classification, and discipline; and even when tii^r.e conditions are found the wliole thing may be a failure, through the want of the co-operation of the parents, the state of the atmosphere, or it may be the caprice and whim of the examiner though the latter is of rare occurrence. Examination for resu'ts will prove here, as well as elsewhere, whde salary is made 'argelv dependent on it. and a te icber's reputation rises or falls with the examination of his school, disas rous. It raav produce keen rivalry (competition does not express the idea) between the various schools; but vet, is this a healthy state of things? A system of cram" will be resorted to. The legitimate development of the mental and moral faculties will to some extent be regarded as of secondary consideration. Every energy will he directed to obtain good results, and the effect will be seen upon the teacher sadly, and those too upon whom he operates. No teacher's salary should be made cont ingent on the results largely of his examination. , THE ' HE fol'owi'g toi'ow.-g encouraging encouragmg statistics staustics have nave b een published at New \ ork :_In 1776 there wr- UM.- . in the .1— United TT .; ^ 1 States 1900 1 NOO Kvangelical T.- —.. I: I «. hurch -s. In 1876 there are 92.000 of such chu -che*. The increase duri-ig the century has been f"r*y-«igb' fold, while the increase of population has been but fourteen fold. The-e ure now eighteen members of Evangelical Churches to every 100 of population, or fourtimei the proportion as it stood in 1790. 1 [ THE Ballarat Courier reports that a Chinaman named H00 < bin, residing ar Morrisons, was working on 1st inst. with a party j of , countrymen in a claim m that locality, when i a little after midday a quanti'y of earth Ml j upon and killed him. A mate of deceased'8 stated that they were working in a tunnel leading from the shaft when the earth near the face of the tunnel, where deceased was working, fel in, at the same time that six set? of limber broke ^ovrn overhead. Deceased was covered wiih debris. The remainder of toe party got him out in about half-an-hour, but he was quite dead. RABBITS.—During the past five months 130,0 0 dozen mbbits have been trapped 011 two estates in Tasmania, but notwi'hstanding j this enormous number—over a million and a j tialf—the rabbits are almost, as t'uck as ever. \ —Express. PALEY A PLAGIARIST.—His famous work was cribbed from Cliamberlyne who published in 1718 a volume entitled the True Philosopher. It was a translation from a French version of the Dutch author Nienwenlyt. His work a3 the original was placed in parallel columns with that of Paley in Chamber's Booh of Days, and the plagiarism was manifestly and satisfactorily proved. GOLD 1 GOLD 1—We were shown yesterday two very nice little specimens of the precious metal, which were brought to our office by Mr. Uayman, from Echunga. Mr. Hayman informs us that they were found at Sailor's Gully, about 4 miles from Echunga, at a depth of about 15 feet. The claim is b ing worked by three enterprising diggers, who are making the place pay well, their average washings resulting in about three to fourdivts. to the tuh. The specimens brought here show gold that seems to be pure, needing no refining ; and if much like it is to be found at Sailor's Gully, we j have no doubt but that a large number of gold- seekers will soon tind their way there. —Southern Argus, December 14th. Loss OF THE SCUOOISER POSTBOY.—The shii ping reporter of the Advertiser writes under date of December 16th. I have just had an interview with the survivor of the wreck of the Postboy, Mr. John Newman Cave, who has supplied me with the following particulars as to the sad occurrence :— The Postboy was a fore-and- aft schoon r of 60 tons burthen, and was bound from MacDonnell Bay to Port Adelaide, via Rivo i Bay and Lacepede Bay. She had 011 board —fames Thomas, master: J. Newman Cave, mate ; John Casey, Harry Harrison, and Jas. Sweerny, crew; together with two passengers. The voyage, which commenced on December 12. proceeded satisfactorily until Frhiay at noon, when a sudden squall from the north-west laid her over on her beam ends. All hands scrambled on to the weather side and attempted to cl ^ar the boat. In this they partly succeeded, but shr: filled ; and in about, twelve minutes the i-hooner also filled and foundered. She went down stein first, ami lifted her bowsprit and jibs high out of the water before goin^ down. The master and some of the people possessed themselves of some spare spars, while Cave, Sweeney, and Casey struck to the noat, which they attempted to right, but she turned over and over, until Sweeney was exhausted, and sunk. The other two got into the boat, but were powerless at freeing her from water, while at times as the saa itjf.'M-ased, the voice of t : 1 master could be heard awav to vvinward for a considerable time. Hour after hour passea, and at length Casey lost his senses and drowned himself in the boaL's bows. The survivor then saw the yacht Ilygeia. and taking from the body of Casey the red flannel shirt which he wore, made a signal, which soon attracted the attention of the yacht, from which a boat was lowered, and Cave was rescue I. Cave was quite exhausted when he was picked up. He had stripped himself of his clothing ; and to this circumstancc may be attributed his surviving after being about seven hours in the water. THE Bendif/o Advertiser reports that a very melancholy and fatal accident occurred near Ironnark Gully. A girl named Bella Monison, aged nine; years, who was emphiyed as a nu' s'girl by a neighbour of lu-r parents, w^nt with her charge—i baby in arms—to a waterhole and commenced cray-fishing. A boy ^ent along with her. Whilst ea erly watching the lines to see if they were pulling " she slipped and fell with the baby in her arms into the water. The boy jumped in and rescued the baby, gave the alarm, and plunged into the hole again to endeavour to save the girl. He succeeded in finding the boly, wliicli had sunk, ami brought it to the edge of the hole, where it was eagerly grasped by a number of women who bad rushed to the pcene ; but, unfortunately, all MM late, as when the girl was landed she gave one convul-ive grasp and expired. The poor | bereaved mother <jf the deceased irave vent to her angush in m 1st heart-rendering screams, and the scene was painful in the exlre me. ANOTHEE frightful accident occurred at near Ararat, on Monday evening, December llt.h. Thelocom tive of Messrs. Oveiend & Ilolib, the contractors, with some ballast and empty trucks, was proceeding at the rate of about 20 miles an hour, when the engine caine into contact, with a horse. The animal was not knocked clear off the line, the engine went over it. got off the rails, and was capsized. The bailast trucks, in which weie a number of navvies returning from their day's work were forced over the engine and two men were killed on the spot, others being more or less mutilated. LAUNCH OF THE s. ,s. VICTORIAN.—The Rdinburgh Courant of October 2 says :—" A fine iron screw-steamer, named the Victorian was launched on Saturday September 30, from the shipbuilding yard of Messrs. P. & M. Henderson, Meadowside, Partick, Glasgow. This is a sister ship to the South Australian. which was launched by the same firm about a month ago, and sailed for Australia on Saturday, and is of sirniiar dimensions. Both vessels were built to the order of Captain AV'xander McCoy, for the Adelaide Steamship Comp iny, and are designed expres-ly for the colonial trade between the ports of Adelaide and Melbourne. A DREADFUL ACCIDENT happened at the Royal China Threat re, San Francisco, on October 30th. There were about 2,000 Chinese present. Some one raised the alarm of fire, and there was a general rush for the door. The staircase gave way and the swinging doors opening to the vestibule were wreuched off and fell forward on th se who were ahead crushing several to the floor. Twenty-eight, bodies were taken up from the 1 doorway, nineteen of which were "dead, and the others sei iotisly - bruised. „ _ . . . - . ' AT Carramorc recently, a young farm laborer left his master's house in the evening, apparently for the purpose of procuring tobacco in a neighboring village. He was not again lieard of till the following morning, when iiis employer's daughter, on entering one of the outbonses. found the deceased lying: on his back, and three large pi^s eating his face and bead. A quart whiskybr,ttle wa' found on him almost empty, and it was proved at the inquest that he had it filled the previous evening. The jur}*, at the inquest, returned a verdict of " alcoholic poisoning. SCHOCL FOE WALLAROO The Council of Education have accepted the tender of T. R. Heath for building a school and teacher's residence at Wallaroo for £3,849. „,, , „ , ON Thursday, December 14th. a fire occur red at Dry Creek, which destroyed a hay" stack and other property. The damage done amounted to about £100. THE Directors of the Moonta Mine have declared a dividend of 10s. per share, payable on the 29th December inst. This is the 65th dividend paid by this mine. THE quantity of land sold by the Government during the month of November was, for cash, 8G0 acres, realising £2,758 8s. 8d.; for credit 37.516, worth £55,882 14s. Besides this the Government have received £21,957 5s. 5d., for lund previously sold under the credit system, THE examination for teacher's certificates under the Council of Education, commenced at the Model Schools in Adelaide, on the 18th inst. Nineteen male and twentv-one female candidates presented themselves for examination, of which number 17 are students in the Training School. Inspectors Hosking and Burgan are the examiners. A MAN named Adolph Siegmund lost his life at Brownhill Creek on Tuesday afternoon, the 19th inst. He was going home with a load of manure, when it is supposed the dray capsized in the creek while he was j asleep on top of the load. When found he ! was to all appearance suffocated, his body being covered with manure. A DONATION of £500 has been given by Mr. and Mrs. John Angas to the funds of the proposed Children's Hospitals. Mr. R. 13. Smith, J.P.. His Honor the Chief Justice, and Mr. Magary have also promised handsome contributions to the object, the two former giving £500 each, and the latter £100. SCARCITY OF WATER.—The settlers on the Broughtun PLxtension are badly off for water, many of them havirg to cart it from ten to fourteen miles. Every day a number of fa mers. with their teams, may be seen at the Brocghton Crossing from early morning till late at night, filling tanks with water for their home supply. On inquiry we were informed that as a rule each farmer was occupied two days in every week in procuring water for h is homestead.— Northern Arqns. PROGRESS OF EDITJIBOEGH.—Several good buildings are being erected in the township. Mr. Geater has just completed the erection of his general store in Blanchestreet, and a fine dwelling-house for him and one for Mr. Gellert, of Diamond Lake, are being rapidly put up in Cross-st reet, near the Institute. Mr. Hart has also made extensive additions to his premises in Edithstreet, and is no W having his ironmongery store in Blanche-street increased to twice its original size. Other buildings are talked about—such as a few neat cottages for summer residences for families from Adelaide during the outing season, and I believe our hotel is to be very considerably enlarged during the next few months. One thing is pretty certain, that should this lastmentioned increase be made, it will tend greatly to make this Port bee 'Die what it deserves to be—the most favorite country resort for persons from the metropolis during the hot weather. —The local cricket association are endeavoring to bring about a match with the All-England Eleven, 0.1 our Oval, upon their return home. Should matters be arranged with Mr. Lillyvvhite, it is proposed to invite the eleven members of the South Australian Cricketing Association over to play with eleven men of the local clubsagainst the famous eleven.—Advertiser Correspondent. ? ? FIRE AT GEORGETOWN.—The Registers Georgetown correspondent, writing 011 December 12\. says:—''Our township was thrown into a state of great excitement by an alarm of fire at about 2 o'clock on Monday, December 18, when it was discovered that a large haystack, the property of Mr. Canavan, was in flames, and as it was in close proximity to a valuable block of buildings, great anxiety was felt as to their welfare, more especially as there were wooden sheds between the stack and buildings. A large crowd soen congregated, and many willing hands were at work carrying water from the neighboring wells and tanks, several of the latter of which were soon mote or less nearly emptied of the precious contents; carts were also at work carrying water from the neighboring creek, reminding one forcibly of Adelaide fires before the days of the waterworks. It was soon seen tint all attempts at saving any portion of the stacks were utterly futile, so all efforts were concent-ated upon saving the stable, storeroom, and sheds adjoining, and it was only by great exertion 1 hat the buildings adjoining were saved, the heat being so great at times as to cause the woodwork of the roof to ignite under the iron. Beyond some slight damage to the guttering and roof, the timbering of the stable, and the destruction of a quantity of good paling fencing, no other damage was done. But had the fire once got fair hold of the adjoining wooden shed a vast amount of very valuable property must have been destroyed. Fortunately too the wind was light. Had the fire broken out on such a dav as Friday last the whole town would have been jeopardized. It is rumored that the fire was caused by boys smoking. It is pretty certain that the fire was alight some time before it reached the stack, which was closely fenced with 6-feet palings some distance. THE steamer Omeo left Port Port Darwin on Saturday last. Adelaide for BUGGY ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday morning, as Messrs. P. Roach and WillianiH were returning from Clare to Moonta with a buggy and pair, they met with a serious mishap at Harinaford's Hill. As they were descending they found that the skid would not act, and the horses dashed off at a furious rate, and became unmanageable. They had not proceeded far when Mr. Williams was thrown out, and the vehicle afterwards capsized with Mr. Roach. The horses freed themselves from the trap, and galloped off with the harness. Fortunately the men were not much hurt, but the horses were considerably injured, and the trap was damaged.— Northern Argus. Mr. J. ROBERTS, the champion billiard player, is on a visit to Adelaide, and plaved his first game on Saturday evening last. His opponent was Mr. White, to whom Roberts gave 700 points. A PICNIC in connection with the Bushmen's Home took place on Friday, December 22, and a public meeting in the evening, at which speeches were made by various gentle- I J " , oc = u P led chair. A report and balance-sheet were read and adopted, butperhapsthe mast interesting portion of the proceedings was the unmasking the anonymity of " William,"' which I was done by the chairman at his request. ( In the report of the proceedings will be I found' a short account of the history of the family of William Marks Hugo, hitherto known as " William."— Advertiser. As Charles Lamb was returning to London in a stagecoach after dinner, a person th rust his head in at the coach door and asked, " Hre you full inside?" Lamb, pretending to take the query to himself, replied " I am for one; that last slice of plum-pudding did my business." 