PUPIL TEACHERS' CLASSES AT THE MODEL SCHOOLS. Shortly after the last examination of pupil teachers, held during the [?] holidays, the Council of Education intimated by adver- <*> tisement that Messrs. Madley and Clark had kindly volunteered to giv«,instrnctiO? in the principles ox teaching and singinx, .aiao that anangeptents bad ttpan made tohtoidthe rlansns at the Traming Schoota every Satardayinorn tng,the special objeot of which was to prepare candidates for the xttaA vnmhim.tiait, to be held at Easter. As an inducement to all intend ing candidates residing in Hie country or Vufcurbs, the Conncil to pay travelling expenses to those who attended regularly; permission wi attend- mk dso given to prin cipals of school* npon certain eonditians. JThe President of tte OoatteO (Mr. J. A. Hartiey. §jl^BJ9e.), «mO«*oi^^*tdttatedaseriesof practical lessons in an interesting and instruc tive address to about 120 teachers and candi dates. Bum *c above date Mr. Madley has treated mch of -tie CoUowisc aubjei?te at different times >-The necetsary qoaiificatioas of a schoolmaster, how to teach reading, gram mar, arithmetic, metatal arithmetic, geography, and how to maaage an infant school The attendance of pupil teachers and assistants has been exneedin^yxqgnJarsndpuaetual, although many of them have to travel a considerable distance by eoach«r rail. The average atten dance baa been 11*. the smallest attendance 109. The method adopted by Mr. Madley, in intro ducing to the teachers the course pursued at the Model Schools in teaching any portiegdar sub ject, has been to form the whole attendance into one large class, or to select the occupants of a suite of desks, and treat the clasa exactly as one belonging to the school. After having given a lesson in one particular branch, two or three teachers would be called upon to give a similar lesson the following Baturday, when the defects or excellencies of treating the lesson would be referred to by Mr. Madley. A different subject. having been ■elected for the following week would be gone through by Mr. Madley, and others appemtod to give a lesson to the class upon the subject the following week, when pro bably a little mild criticism would follow. Mr. Clark, head master of ftne Model Schools, has followed Mr. Madley with an hour'a lesson each week upon tbe beauties of the tonic sol-fa system. A taste for cultivatuag the art of music has been created, many of the teachers having acquired sufficient knowledge of the system to be able to present themselves as candidates for examination for the elementary certificate; whilst others, although not so far advanced, have sufficient knowledge of it to introduce it into their schools, and thereby improve themselves. Drill has formed the concluding lesson in each week. A tolerable class has been formed, and the progres? made lias been considered very fair. Before t&e; classes arete dismissed Cor the. holidays on Saturday, December 18, Mr.C. J. Webb stated that he had beea requested, en behalf of the teachers and candidates present, to propose a hearty vote of thanks to Messrs. Madley and Clark forttie^ractical lessons they had kindly given in teaching and winging. He (Mr. Webb) trusted that each of the teachers present would embrace every opportunity of putting into practice the valuable lessons and bints upon teaching imparted by the abave named gentlemen, as if euch were done we should soon have one uniform system of t-gmr^i'ng tijTO?ghost our public schools. He would like to say, without appearing ego tistical, that although he had been a public teacher for a considerable number of years, and had also obtained a fair share of marks for results under the old system of text books (such as they were), he could plainly ?c« that Bince he had had the privilege of teach ing at the Model Schools under Mr. Clark, the same results, or better, might have been ob tained by him by a shorter road, and school life Tendered more pleasant. After referring to the inward satisfaction a teacher bad ia feeling that under tbe new system he had done bis duty to his class, he expressed regret that so few of the principals of schools rending within easy limits had not etrained a point to be pre eent during the course. Mr. Madley, in reply, thought he had not made any sacrifice at all in following op that in which w&sjiia; delight. Indeed, it bad been a matter of pleasure to have to meet such a very regular and punctual dam. BJe concurred with Mr. Webb in endeavoring to obtain the highest results in the shortest possible way. He (Mr. Madley) felt that the thanks accorded to him were ample for the little be had done; he only hoped that the recipient? would en deavor to make practical use of the lessons given. He would now beg to state that after the holidays the classes would be resumed, when the special object of the next quarter would be to prepare and be ready for the. examination at Baster. Mr. A. Clark thanked the pupils and all present for their expression of good-will to -him. He confessed he never cared about re turning rtmnlra of that kind, and thought Mr. Madley would have replied for both; however, it had, so far, been to nan a labor of lave to come there on Saturday mornings and teach singing to all those who were willing to learn. The first series of lessons were then concluded. 