I THE PRIMITIVE METHODIST OHTTR.fl FT \- Tlie Primitive Methodist. District Meeting is j now being/held at CampbelTa Greek. The sta-' i tions throughout Victoria and Tasmania are re presented by ministers arid laymen in tho firb- . portion ot two laymen to one irilnister.- Tho chapel comiiiittoe kasieihbled at twb O'clock yes- , terday afternoon, and found th property of tlio connexion iff a satisfatttii-y tioriditipri; The members of the Miriistei-s' Friendly ' Society also assembled to transact, their riilniial busi ness. In the evening tlid ohiiffch wa well filled . to hear a sermon from tho Rev. Dr Antliff, who , rettifn&d; to this colony yektefday, aflrif iiisiiifig t tlid cllufehes in Soiith . Australia. $Iia text seldfited tvaS from 1st Corinthians, ix., iq.gp; T!i5 presclier commenced by saj'ing" that ttiri words Selected were those of a very successful preacher,, and that lie belieVed that any preacher wlio could truthfully utter such words would be largely successful ; and therefore he Submitted the text for consideration timt the ministers present might derive from it the instruction, oncouragemeni and stimulus which the text cbn: tainod. The words expressed the apbstle'S com viotion, desire arid purpose.- The apostle was convinced that he might i&te;' Srimri. Hd did "3 'PF-P®' !d all wh6' carite i#itliia -th6 /laiiiiatry ; beoaiiso he was &g-; h freedom which is essential to nigral agency,, and -.knew that meh might reject the counsel of God; resist the Ho jy Ghost, and neglect .the great salvation.; but he nevertheless believed that he might save some. This con viction -he expressed in his letter to Timothy, where; he urged hiiri to take heed t6 himself arid to the doctrine that he riiight save himself and those that heard liini- This conviction fe- rinlted partly from his knowledge of human nature, partly froiri the comniissioii lid had re- 'oeiySdj find partly from the promised aid of .tlie, Diyin0 Spirit. It was also confirmed (jy his ex perience.. -The preacher -dwelt on each of these ; particulars, remarked ritsomelength on the misuse of the words "Ihaveplanted, and Apolios watered, biit God gave the increase," showing that when Paul planted and Apolios watered, God gave the increase. Ho mentioned the success realised at Corinth, Thes3alonica,- Ephosns ' and else where; ' and affirmed that the conditions were mnch more unfavourable to success in thoso places thnn in Victoria.. He said Paul's con- viction was ' apcorripaiiied with intense desifbl; This desire might spring partly from compas- siori for those to whom he preached, and partly from his sympathy with the saviour. Passages were quoted, arid explanation and applications given. , The Apostle's conviction -and desire re sulted in strong purpose. The apostle was mi raculously converted, and for this special pnr- poso,— "I have appeared unto thee for this purpose," &e.; This purpose was fixed,— " None of these tilings move me," &c.; Fixedness of purpose appeared in the/mediatonal work of the Redeemer. ''But fqr this purpose came I unto this, hour," &o.; This steadfastness of purpose also characterised tho great apostle. His trials are stated by himself in his second letter to the Corinthians, but nothing could turn him aside. No -other employment could allure him ; no danger or suffering could deter him. His pur pose was practically expressed. Tlie several parts of the text were noticed. In coriclrisiori; the preacher referred to Paul's corivictibri that btherGhri8tiaris besides riiinistefariiightsavbsqme " For what knowest tliori, O wife, whether thoii shalt save thy husband " &c; He also appealed to tho, unsaved, sayirig that if . ministera rind others should try to save them they should each be cbricerried about -their personal salva tion. ' 5-,:- ' V--;.,.. ' . To-morrow the district Camp meeting will bef held on the Camp reserve ; the procession .will forrii in tlie Market Squire at at quarter tb 10 o'clock, -from whericb thoyr will prbc'e'ed; siriging in .the. usual Methodist fashion, tb the Camp ground! ; '.. There ' semceri .will . be cdnducted morning arid 'aftorri'qon, .arid , sermons' preftch'ed by, the Rev. Dr;-Antliff arid several other. .rioted ministers of the connexion.; One special.feature worthy of - attention is that in the afternoon i collection will be made in aid of the Castlemaine Hospital. v A; YouricSter beirig requested to/write a'cbmp'O- si tion upon some portion of the human lib'djr, se lected that which unites the head to the body, und expounded as follows : — "A throat is conve nient to have, especially to roosters rind ministers. The formor.eats corn, nnd crows with it ; . tlio lat ter preaches through his'11, and then ties it up. This is pretty much all I can think about nocks." 