TO-DAY'S ELECTION'. (To Ou Editor ot the Bendiao Adcerlisci.) Sir,-The electors of Sandhurst shouid divest i themselves of all personal feeling, and SAY to j themselves," Which of the candidates is Lest ! fitted to advance the interests of this district?" i I unhesitatingly say, " Anuorr." Mr. Fraser is ! a very old member; ia fact, too old a member, for during the whole eighteen years he has rnii represented us, he cannot point to a single act of his which has redounded to iiis credit or benefited os. As to initialing any measure for the advancement of the colony, it was not in his "province," as he has not the ghost of an original idea about liim. How often has he con descended to visit us during his terras of office? Echo is silent. He has the strong support of the squatters and Melbourne merchants, acd are not these signiiicant and warning facts enough to convince any sensible man that, the interests he supports are hostile to our own llemember that the election to-day is a trial of strength between the liberals and obstructionists. Residents of the Bendigo district support with right goodwill your local man; he neither wants Melbourne resiutnts nor Melbourne interference (of the latter we have had too much). Swim Melbourne, sink the country, has hitherto been (he order of the day. Electors let us try to govern ourselves bv one of ourselves, an] un less Abbott defeats his opponent by an over whelming majority, you will not have done your duty. Honing the electors from A to Z will put Abbott at the head o£ the noil. -I ara, PRO BOKO PUBLICO. jours Two W.ivs or 'f CLUNG a SIORY.-JIuch scandal has been occasioncd by a paragraph re grardiug the Kcr. J. Bnrdsiey, rector of Stepney, which appeared in the Times on Easter Tuesday. It was stated that on the preceding day the reverend getitfetnaa was present at the laylns of the first .-tone of a .Tcwish Synagogue in his neighborhood, and that in order the more C& Manifest his sympathy he had caused the hells of-t-'v; parish church to be runs it honor of the occasion ! Well it turns out that Air. Bardsley ?Aid aciiiiliy witr.e** the laying' of the aforesaid ?Stone, for the iidi of the .si/naocgtie is ciosr (i it's tmuse; it i.-; also true that the parish bells rang merrily, cv they alicat/s do cn Easter Monday, .Houseming BY ELECTRICITY.-Mr. George ff.ayeack, i:iris.c-. of Ynrittington, near Sheffield, ?>rasconvieted is- ii*? penalty of 40s and costs by the Sheffield st^penciaifv, for cruelty to a mare ?which he was .tamins; l^-electricity at a public sporting ,<»iouud. .Ho^e-tatuiic i>r electricity fj'ias.'.icis <?aM, --been .freely practiced in Yorkshire \oi Jate, and *.£Ue -prosecutipn .therefore efciieg toasi<iera.We iatercit. 