Latest from Samoa. THE NATIVES PREPARING FOR A CIVIL WAR. (From the San Francisco Bulletin August lü.) TIIH CONDUCT OF CAPTAIN STKVJCNS APPROVED TUB FALLEN PJUÏMUSR, P/HTESTIÎD BY THE MISSIONARIES-«fcc, THU schooner Ado, May, Captain Petersen, from Apia, brings the latest news direct from the Samoa Islands. From private correspondence and con- versations with passengers we glean reliable in- telligence as to the condition of things in those rebellious isles. At the time of the departure of the schooner the native Parliament was m Bessiou. Tho principal object of the Tia-tnoa (House ot Lords) and the Tia-pule (House of Representativos) in their session was to learn something about the high art of taxation j the result hoped for was a sufficient revenue, extorted from the gallant whites, to purchase Hamburg gin and plug tobacco. Tho chiefs have just dabbled long enough in what is called " civilised government" to think that the whole end and aim of government consists in taxa- tion. Tho whites, by instruction ol their consuls, aro commanded to pay no other tuxes than those in vogue previous to the advent of the played-out Steinbergor. Thc Parliamout as it now exists ia a mere farce. The members, however, seem to enjoy tho fun of legislating, and since they are no longer compelled by law to wear clothing, they in- dulge in nativo costume, and evidently with a relish. It was a terrible blow to their ideas of comfort and dignity when Steiuberger tyrannically enactod that, as members of Parliament, they should wear something olso besides a plug hat and starched paper collar. Now they are happy and rejoice abundantly. A CIVIL, WAH ON rmi TA PIS. A civil war is brnwing. and the rival factions are only kept flow «liuightçriug each other, by a.wliofc). ' some dread of the appearance o£ an . English man of-war, something likely to heave in sight any day, The factions have held a grand pow-wow. the result of which was to stave off a war until such time as an American man-of-war arrives at Apia, If the news from Washington is to the effect that the Government has thrown Steinberger over- board and characterised him as an adventurer, his native followers will commence to give battle to thoir enemies immediately. The faction clinging to the dethroned " Premier" labour under the belief that the United States will send two or three men to Samoa for the jmrpose of reinstating Steinberger and driving the English from the island. They have been stuffed with this idea by some few white men who were favourites with the " Prince" at ¿he time of his lordly power in Apia. When the Ada May sailed there was no war vessel of any nationality in port, but an Eng- lish and American steamer were expected. The natives have a terrible dread of one of these mon- sters of the deep, which has been heightened by the positive action of Captain Stevens of the Bai* racouta. Were it not for this fear the natives would now be at war with each other. While in suspense as to what will be the action of tho United States in the' late troubles, the natives are busily preparing for and discussing the probable results of the coming strife. j THU CONDUCT OF CAPTAIN STEVENS SUSTAINED, j Commodore Hoskins of the English Navy has been to Apia, and investigated the facts in regard to the late iight at Mulinuu. The Commodore is reported to have expressed the opinion that Captain Stevens, commanding tho Barracouta, did not exceed his duty, and that Iiis conduct was energetic and gallant. The Steinberger faction of natives first attacked the sailors of the Barracouta, and to save his men from being slaughtered Captain Stevens promptly ordered a war of defence. Of the several killed and wounded on both sides, none were mutilated. One of the natives tried to behead a severely wounded English tar, but a brother sailor came to the rescue and shot the native dead. It is the custom of the Samoans to cut off the beads of the Samoans slain in battle, and they are not scrupulous about saving a wounded enemy, if they consider him the same as dead. The whites, with few exceptions, are loud in their praise of the Captain of the' Barracouta for the firm conduct he displayed, and say but for him the natives would not only have made havoc among themselves, but carried the massacre into the camp of the whites. Except the Consuls, all other foreigners kept aloof from the trouble as much as possible. IS THE PREMIER WANTED BACK? There seems to be no doubt that the majority ol the Samoans have had all they want of Steinberger The missionaries of sects are determined to have nothing more to do with him, for he betrayed all of them. The old white settlers are disgusted with him, for he formed his " government" with out even asking their opinions, and he told the natives that the United States would give then back the lands which they had sold to foreigners Every foreign Consul in Apia denounces Stoinber ger as a fraud and adventurer. The whites whon the "Premier" took into his Cabinet and confi- dence were adventurers like himself, who knew little or nothing of the native habits and customs, and were. blissfully ignorant of the Samoan lingo. Several old and respected settlers, Americans, Englishmen, and Ger- mans, assert that before the adVent of Stein- berger in the islands, the Samoans had the simplest and best government in the world. Tho natives sometimes indulged in war, as do civilised people, but the whites on the islands were sacredly respected in their person and property. Now the whole thing is changed, and the Samoans have the worst government in the world ; in other words, they have no government¡at all, and the whites are in the same boat as the natives. A great deal is expected from the new American Consul, now in San Francisco, but from all accounts this gentle- man is instructed to koep entirely aloof from all factions, and to scrupulously avoid acting as cham- pion for Stoinberger. TilJDICRO US 1NÍJ1DHNT8. Tho battle of Mulinuu was so unexpected thal it startled tho Apians from their dreamy existence Tho whites were as excited as tho natives. United States Consul Poster and tho English Consul Samuel F. Williams, in trying to escape from th? carnage, took refuge in a small boat, but, to theil dismay, they found it stranded. Not being able to get it into deep water, the warlike Consuls stretched themselves, brass buttons and all, in the bottom of the boat, with a lot of natives piled on I top of them. Under the buiming tropical sun they had a sweat-hath such as\thoy never enjoyed I before, but, alas, in indulging in it they sadly marred their official dignity. A witty genius, i named Dunlap, who saw the plight of the diplo- matists, yelled out, "England expects every man to 1 do his duty, and by-, the American Eagle never likes water. Up and at them, gentlemen." But the Consuls would not, unlike Bauquo's ghost, get up and show themselves. One native swam three miles and brought the nows around the island, in a terrible fright, that there was not a niau, woman, nor child, black or copper-coloured, left alive at Apia. Hundreds of natives lied to the woods as naked as the hour they were born. Dunlap, a Yankee trader, seemed to be the only unscared foreigner on the island. Ho is the big " chief " now among the whites and natives, and has prestige enough to step into the boots of the fallen Premier, were it not that Dunlap is a gentleman of immense modesty, as most Southern gentlemen are. TI rr« VAnuiTiR« AT AITA. Thu dethroned Jung Maliatoa is gone lo the island ol' Saviia, where he is gay and happy in his breech-cloth. He is content with his experience as king, and his only ambition at present is n full supply of cheap tobacco and an occasional decoction of gin. The hoalnges, throe chiefs, who were carried oft' to Fiji by Captain Slovens as a security that Mali- atoa would be secured his life and liberty, have been returned, by order ol' the Governor at Fiji, and came on board tho Sapphire. The ox-king is ütill guaranteed from all harm. Thoro wore various reports aa to tuc whereabouts i of Stein berger. Some purtles Asserted that ho was in Australia, try i nc to get back <o Apia, while I. others were jjositive that ho had gvuo to JSogliuid, to prosecute Ccptuin Stevens. I Wm. II. Frost,. a wealthy American of Samoa, is expected here by the next vessel, to purchaso a> whale-ship, as whales are very abundant about tho group. All the guns given by the Government to Stein- berger have been spiked, and the natives have carried off the small arms. The Peerless and the small steam yacht, also presents, are now doing duty in Australian waters. There is no American Consul at Apia, Mr. Poster' being on a distant island. A white man named J. A. V.Alvord, was playing Vice-Consul, and with a large array of brass buttons adorning hie equatorial region, was playing the role most won- derfully. Mr. Dean, an Englishman, had been fined heavily for refusing to do duty in helping to barricade and protect the English Consulate, during the fight at Mulinuu. For believing in the doctrine, Every man for himself and the devil take the hindmost," he is now mourning in financial sorrow. The saloon-keepers of Apia are again civilizing the natives by dealing out deadly poison to them. No taxes are collected, there being no proper authority to enforce the collection. They had to pay taxes for civilizing them before. . A Chinese commercial house has been established at Apia, a branch of a house in Sydney. The latter has also a branch at Fiji. The Celestials are gradually growing numerous at Apia. A Chinese restaurant is in full blast. Hungry sailors are fed on dog meat ; while the cook is slaughtering the dog, his native wife is energetically yanking a nico fat hog by the ear to give the impression that a pig is being killed. This is tnot a vain, but a paying trick. 