Gympie. [from our own correspondent. November 18. The redoubtable 7 and 8 south Monkland has again advanced to the fore by yielding a splendid lot of specimens, estimated to contain 200 ounces of the precious metal, from the 420 feet level being by far the deepest level that anything in the shape of payable stone has been seen in this district. The next crushing from this property should be a good one The reef in No. 6 south Lady Mary, upon which the tributers are working continues to yield excellent stone ; a quantity of very rich specimens were obtained in the early part of the week. The reef is easily wrought is a good width (4 feet), and another crushing will soon take place. Several good prospects have been washed from Bonney's old claim, Home ward Bound. They have succeeded in getting on the same run of stone in the adjoining claim known as the leased ground. The surprising return of 380 ounces from the 53 tons crushed from No. 1 north Rise and Shine Kilkivan, has caused a reaction to set in favorable to that locality, and should the other claims along the line improve in a similar manner and two or three more good crushings follow', the place will regain the confidence of our capitalists more money will be circulated, and the several other reefs known to exist in the vicinity will be thoroughly prospected. - No doubt the place received a severe check when the results of the trial crushings were made public ; more especially because such an inordinate amount of " blowing" had been indulged in. Crushings of fifteen, twenty, and even thirty ounces to the ton were talked of Gympie shareholders, in some instances, were planning a visit to the old country, and were to take in and "do" the Centennial Exhibition en route; but, instead of twenty ounces per ton, the news came that the crushings would barely cover expenses. So that which they had promised regarding the Centennial was suffered by themselves in fact it was a regular " do." ? .' In addition to the crushings I wired you, the following have since taken place 792 tons from No. 2 north California yielded 245 ozs.. 15 dwts. of gold. This claim is engrossing a good deal of public attention lately, and is likely to be one of the future Gympie celebrities. 16 tons from 3 and 4 North Lady Mary, gave 9 ozs. of gold. 34 tons from the Caledonian United yielded 18 ozs. 9 dwts. 12 grs. of gold. While stripping the reef in the Aurelia good stone is occasionally seen where the quartz is accidently broken by the shots. I was miss informed as to the height of the block to be stoped out. In a previous letter I said it was about 60 feet; I have since been informed by the manager that it is more like 80 or 90 feet. Another of our large companies, after a long season of misfortune and non- payment of calls, has totally collapsed. It, like the "sick man," gradually and quietly went to decay. After several years of unsuccessful labor, searching in vain for the hidden treasure," but without the ghost of a chance, it quietly gave in, was wound up, and paid the last "spike" on Saturday morning last I allude to the South Smithfield Company (6 and 7 South Smithfield). The engine was sold. by tender for £710 ; the purchasers were the West Monk- land Company. I was told of a circumstance in reference to the above defunct company that will be well to treasure up, and thought of upon some future occasion. At one place in the shaft a plumbago slate bed, about 3 feet thick, was met with, underneath which was another bed of block state, about 30 feet thick. A drive to cut the reef was put in in the upper bed of slate. The drive had not been extended far before the greenstone was met with. Another drive was then started in an opposite direction, the end of which was traversed by a cross-course. A drive was put in for a short distance alongside the cross-course, and nothing of any consequence being discovered, all further search at that level was abandoned. If the above is true, and I have no reason to doubt it, my informant being one of the miners who worked in the ground, it is very easily explained how the reef remained undiscovered, for the reef may have been within a few feet at the other side of the cross- course. Some of the late shareholders may reasonably enquire why 1 give the information now that the plant has been sold and the company wound up, and no likelihood of the ground being further tested. My answer is simply because I knew nothing; about it before. The following are the particulars relating to the remains that were found in the Hibernian shaft, Two-mile Two miners went to the shaft to draw some slabs when they saw the body floating in the water, and gave information to the police. The remains were got out and a magisterial enquiry hold. Several witnesses were examined, amongst whom was Mr. Buss, of Maryborough. He said his father was missing since May last ; had some reason to believe the body to be that of his father, but in consequence of decomposition was not certain. In may last the gentleman was seen in Gympie, then again at the Two-mile, but not since. It is supposed that, being a stranger to the place, he must have wandered in the dark, walked up the heap of mullock alongside the shaft, and fallen in. 1 have so often referred to the way abandoned shafts are allowed to remain unprotected, that I am fully persuaded that nothing short of a live Minister losing the number of his mess in one will force the Legislature to act in the matter. It was not before Governor Normanby was thrown from the buggy on Caledonian Hill and severely injured that the road in that locality was made fit for traffic, without danger to life. Lost Monday Nos. 2 and 3 South Monkland Company sued a defaulting shareholder for unpaid calls. The case was heard by the warden. Several similar cases have at different times been heard and disposed of by him, without once questioning his jurisdiction in the matter ; but upon the production of the company's articles of association the defendant's solicitor objected to the jurisdiction of the warden. The objection was that the warden could only hear suits that related to gold mining, and the con- privy articles of association ousted the warden a jurisdiction because the company was incorporated to mine for gold " and other minerals. The company's solicitor said the calls sued for were made for the purpose of gold mining, and he was prepared to prove it. He asked the warden to hear the evidence, and state a case for the District Court. There was not a company on the field that was not incorporated in the same way. The warden said it did not appear clear to him that the Court had jurisdiction. He thought it had not. He would not state his opinion formally, but would adjourn the case se- as to allow of consideration as to whether it would be better to have a special case stated, or to deliver his decision with a view to applying to the Supreme Court for a mandamus. Case adjourned sine die. 