TOWN TALK. Our usual summary of news for despatch by the mail will he published to- morrow. It would be well if the Geelong agent for the Melbourne papers would make some arrangement for their distribution on holi days. 2fot a Melbourne paper was to be ob tained in Geelong yesterday. There are rumors in Melbourne that the "Victoria Club, whose building is beginning to present so imposing an aspect in Collins street, is in troubled waters, of which we may hear something anon. It appears that Sir Jas. M'Cullock and Mr Ramsay are to represent the Government at the Conference, to be held in Sydney, on the subject of the laying of a secondscable. Among the Parliamentary candidates for the representation of the constituency of Grant, in the Legislative Assembly, will be Mr J. P. Howard, President of the Bunin yong Shire Council. Mr Howard is coming to the fore in the interests of the Liberal party, and is well-known inthedistrict, having for many years been the chosen representa tive of the ratepayers in the north riding of the shire named. His chances of success are considered to he encouraging. The traffic by railway on Saturday was enormous. Crowds of persons passed through the Geelong station, coming from and going to the metropolis. A large number of visitors stopped in Geelong. and over 1300 left this town by rail between the starting of the first and last trains on Saturday. The amount re ceived last year for the sale of excursion tickets, on the day named, was about £90, bnt this year £230 was received for tickets. On Sunday morning a man, named Kelly, lost his life whilst bathing in the River Bar won. From the details, which are given in another column, it will be seen that the an- j fortunate man was drowned through his own foolishness. The medical evidence went to show that being in the water so long, fully three quarters of an hour, might have brought on apoplexy, or perhaps cramps; but from the position of the body, when taken out, together with the fact that weeds were growing thickly at the spot where the accident occurred, the con clusion was suggested that the man met his death by being drawn under by them. The deceased is a well- known character about town, and appears to have been an adept at swimming. The many fatal accidents that occur in the Barwon ought to be sufficient to deter persons from bathing there. Great inconvenience -was occasioned on Saturday and yesterday at the Railway Station by people in search of friends arriv ing by train being debarred from traversing the platform. Only persons who possess tickets for travelling are allowed to wait about there for the trains, and ladies who have much luggage with them must carry it themselves, unless their companions buy tickets. Several persons who wished to see friends coming from a distance were com pelled to buy shilling tickets for the Moora bool Railway Station, and by these obtained the coveted footing on the platform. Al though the new system appears harsh it is highly necessary to keep the platform clear for bona fide travellers. Mr Lcvien, M.L.A., has informed the Bacchus Marsh Protection and Reform League, in answer to its request for infor mation upon the matter, that he wiR contest the Barwon electorate at the next general election, but wiR always be willing to ad ! vancc the interests of the constituency of Grant. Mr Hopkins, another of the mem bers for Grant, has decHned to say what he will do, as he considers the qnestion put to him prematnrc. He says he wiR reply in April next. A traveller by railway was seriously in convenienced on Saturday, owing to wliat appears to be a mistake made by a ticket collector. He states that on arriving at the Gcelong station by the midday train from Ballarat, the porter took the wrong half of his ticket. Of course, when the train was leaving for Melbourne ho was discovered with half of a ticket which was of no use to him, the consequence being that, although he protested that the porter would find the ticket in his pocket if he would ouly.look, he was obliged to leave ■ tlie^carriage, and was kept on the plaroyE jSSgte&l; of his fellow passengers (wfttyposmttSQ&tSi;<Aad had the ticket taUeiryrom him in nu^takj^ but, of course, raiRrl^ptficials < blunders. The nuisance causedM>/fbo^s^and youths' bathing in the bay, in brbadA^JfeKjiTifflj^ rampant on the Eastern Beacli alwuivth'e Western. On Sunday afternoon, about three o'clock, nearly a score of naked lads appeared to be enjoying themselves in the water. They were not very far from the bathing-houses, and in full view of persons sitting on the clifis. The mounted police man who patrols the Botanical Gardens of a Sunday should be sent round the beach oc casionally, in order to stop the offenders. An accident happened to Mr John Booth, yesterday, at Bream Creek. He was riding a horse in one of the races, when the animal stumbled in a rabbit warren and threw him. Mr Booth received a nasty cut on the left eye-lid, and considerably bruised his left cheek. We may remind the public that the season lias come round for the annual donations towards the expenses of the hellringers at St. Paul's Church. On various nights during the year merry peals have been; rung, and the ringers have done their best to please. AVe trust that the voluntary offerings of the residents 17111 bo liberal, thus showing that the efforts of the bellringers have been appre ciated. There is good sport in the way of fishing to bo obtained off Queenscliffe. Yesterday a number of persons got some splendid hauls of king fish, or yellow- tail, in a couple of hours. Some of the amateur fishermen brought in quite GOlb weight of fish. At the Police Court, on Saturday, one drunkard was discharged with a caution. Michael Bedding was charged with having threatened to take the life of Margaret Buckley. From the evidence it appeared that the prosecutrix had been annoying the prisoner, who resides in an adjoining house, by tapping against the wall at night. This led to a wordy warfare, and hence the charge. The prisoner's daughter proved that her father had not used the language complained of, and the case was dismissed. Mr Panton, P.M., and the Mayor attended at the Court house. The steamer Despatch was loaded with; between 250 and 300 passengers from Mel bourne on Saturday evening. The gentlemen who have interested them selves in obtaining subscriptions in this dis trict in aid of the proposed Celtic Chair in the Edinburgh University,havedecided upon giving a grand concert in furtherance of that object, and for that purpose they have engaged the services of the Carandini com pany of artistes. The concert will take X>lacc on Friday evening next, and will be under the patronage of the English cricketers, who play the local champions on that date. In addition to the vocal attractions offered, admirers of the "poetry of motion" are promised Highland dancing and other items of an amusing character. The Secretary of the Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum lias pleasure in acknowledg ing receipt of £1 10s from Mr George Gibson, being a surplus from the banquet igiven to Mr Emil Sander. , Nominations' for the vacant seat in the Winchelsea Board of Advice will be received up to Friday next. The election will take place onvthe Stk prox. The drawing in the Art Union for Mr E. D. Stock's collection of paintings has been postponed until alter the holidays. We have received the " Illustrated Hand book of the Bay" (Hobson's Bay), printed and ■ published by H. Cordell, Melbourne. It appears to have been carefully compiled. His Honor the Chief Justice has granted probate to the wilt of the late Mr G. P. Desailly, the value of whose property was sworn at £7500. The will of the late Dr. W. H. Hinchcliffe has been proved, hi3 pro perty being sworn at £996. | The Herald mentions that the writ has | been taken out in an action which is likely to afford a great sensation throughout the community. The plaintiff claims £5000 da mages from the defendant for seduction of plaintiff's wife. The defendant is a well known miller. A statement is made by the Baileral Post that Mr G. G. Morton, of Labona, one of the candidates for Kipon and Hampden at the next election, is coming into pretty strong favor with his constituency. In his own dis trict Mr Morton is an advocate of freetrade, non-payment of members, and the Education Act as at present administered. He is also in favor of a land tax, commencing at a cer tain point, and making every one contribute equitably towards" the Government of the country. The Herald mentions that the axe found in the hut of _ Hasting's has undergone an examination at the hands of Mr Johnson, the Government analytical chemist, rvho is of the opinion that the blood stains found upon it, and upon the flooring boards in the sitting room of the house are those of a human being. The shirt known to have been worn by Hastings on the day that Mrs Hastings was murdered has also been exa-' mined by Mr Johnson, who has succeeded in proving that the stains upon it were caused by human blood. The Pleasant Creek Hems says that a meet ing of the Stawell Branch of the National Reform League has been held, at which, after some conversational discussion, the follow ing resolution was arrived at:—"That in view of an early dissolution of parlia ment, and in furtherance of one of the principal objects of the National Reform League, an address from the Stawell Branch of that League bo issued to the electors of Stawell, Kara-kara, and Wimmera electo rates, earnestly requesting their co-operation in securing the return of Liberal candidates at the ensuing general election, and that a Committee, consisting of the President, two Vice-presidents, Treasurer, and Mr J. If. Hunter, be appointed to draw up such address." According to the Wimmcra Star, another letter has been received from Mr Stewart, in re the Katte Yallock railway line, and, our contemporary remarks, it is just on a par with the others from Messrs Gillies and Fraser. These very clever gentlemen evi dently think they have a parcel of idiots to deal with, if they suppose their trans parent dodge will impose upon anyone in" Maryborough. All three, at the time they were pretending to procure the pro mised survey for us, were actually assisting the Government to have the rival line per manently surveyed via Dunolly. To the. perseverance of Mr Service and the Opposi tion arc we indebted for another chance of the direct line. Had Messrs Gillies and Fraser admitted at the outset that they could not assist towards having a direct lino to St. Arnaud made, their conduct would have been honest aud straightforward; instead of which they encourage the waste of large sums of the ratepayers' money and of mucli valuable time. We find the following .ill the JScudigo Ad vertiser ;—A meeting, convened by circular, has been held, consisting of political friends and supporters of Mr W. G. Blackliam, atwhich it was decided, without dissent, that- he be requested to declare himself a candidate for the representation of Saudliurst in the next Parliament; and subscriptions to the amonnt of £35 were handed in for the purpose of contesting the election. All present formed themselves into a committee, with, power to add to their number, to secure his return. We are glad to observe from a paragraph in the Ingleicootl Advertiser that the harvest is not only progressing, but that prospects appear to be generally favorable. In the newly selected districts of Boort and Wychitella some excellent yields are re ported. In one instance the average of good sonnd wheat was 2S-bushels per acre, while other growers anticipate 30 bnshels. There are, however, exceptional cases in which the yields cannot he regarded as payable, and even in the best crops the unfavorable Vatnre of the season is exemplified by the erratic growth of the straw, some standing /up strong and healthy, while a few yards away patches are found only a few inches high. In this district many crops are being stripped, and the saving in labor and expense is said to be very great. Mr Jeremiah Dwycr, hamster, of Mel bourne, has informed the Bacchus Marsh Ex press that he will bo a candidate for West Bourke at the general election. As an instance of the intense heat during the past week, we (Wallaroo Times) notice that between Penang and Kadina nearly all the trees are .thoroughly burnt up by the sun, and nothing but dry branches remain. The Upper Murray correspondent of the Pastoral Times thus refers to the late , ex cessive heat:—" On Friday last we had the hottest day that I have experienced in this district for the last thirty years. The ther mometer reached as high as llldcg. in the shade at 10 a.m. and llodeg. at midday. The sun shone with unclouded heat, and the hot wind was like a blast from an oven. Fortunately it was for one day only. The effect of this one day's hot winds has been to wither the grass, and render bush fires to be anticipated. Two have occurred on Baruga run, but were fortunately stopped before any damage of moment was done. The last occurred on Monday afternoon, and was observed before mischief occurred. "With respect to the alleviation or possible cure of persons suffering from diseased lungs, the Sydney Herald learns from its Paris correspondent that Dr. Jonrdanet has been reading a paper before the Academy of Medicine that has awakened much interest,, as he seems to show that consumption is' rarely met with in high altitudes, and that about 6000 feet is' the altitude' most favorable to the cure of lung com plaints. In the lungs of consumptive patients, organic nitrogenised combustion'!* always increased, so that the consumptive* patient employs the oxygen he breathes to consume or " burn" himself more than a healthy state requires. A rarefied atmo sphere is therefore favorable to <such a patient, because it aftords him less oxygen than he would take in a more condensed atmosphere. " If," says Dr. Jourdanct, "you ever succeed in maintaining, in a large room, a current of air invariably deprived of one- third of its oxygen, you will cure one fourth of your consumptive patients, and greatly relieve the others." As we imagined (says the WangaraUa Dis patch) the report which" appeared in the Senatla Standard to the effect that the worthy member for the Murray Boroughs (Mr P. Hanna) would not solicit the suffrages of the electors" of Moira at the coming gene ral election, is utterly groundless. We have been shown a letter from the lion, member, in which he expresses his intention of fight ing for the representation of our electorate against all comers. It has up to the present time been a matter for speculation whether Mr Hauna will run hand-in-liand with any other candidate, Messrs Tone and Sharpe being considered the aspirants for co-opera tion with the hon.. member ; hut Mr Hanna sets the matter at rest by boldly announcing his intention of not running in the? traces "with either of the unbroken colts. # Tenders are invited by the Education De partment 'from persons willing to undertake the duty of collecting the statistics required by section 7 of the Amended Education Act in the school district of Bannockborn. Par ticulars will be found in our advertising columns. Travellers between Kalkabury and Moonta inform the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser that they .saw numbers of parrots beneath the trees fcliat had fallen dead from the effects of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of covered waterholes and tanks ; and the smaller kinds with a strong instinct of self-preservation crept into holes in the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense heat of the sun. In and around Moonta, also, the feathered tribe suffered severely, scores of domestic fowls having yielded up the ghost during the hot weather that we had on Thursday and Fri day last. 