FUNERAL SERMONS. CLATTCN CHUHCH. EKNHrNOTOV. The announcement that the Rev. F. W. Cox would on Sunday evening preach a funerV sermen In this church — which was once presided over by the deceased— caused a very larsre con greganon w aseemDie, every seat in the building being occupied. The rev. gentleman preached from the words (Romans xiv. and part of 8th verse), ' Whether we live therefore or die we are the_ Lord's.' He spoke of the twofold term ' living' and ' dead' as intended to intensify the thought of the divine lordship, that Christians must be so completely Christ's through both worlds as to leave no room for any other lord ship, whether of man over man, or of church over church. He next dwelt in eloquent term9 upon the real harmony subsisting between life and death— two apparently irreconcilable extremes, perfectly harmonized by the life and death of Uhrist. After speaking at longth on th.u point the preacher referred more especially to the death of Mr. Harcus, and said— And now, brethren, the call of death has come to us once more. One who has beon so near to you, as a Church and congregation, and who has stood so often in this place and spoken the word of eternal life, has now passed from amongst us. Yesterday we stood at his open grave, committing those lifeless remains to their kindred dust; but he who had stood here and spoken holy words to you, who has led your devotions heavenward, who has stood at your bedsides in sickness, who has knelt with you in prayer so often, has pas=ed away. Ah, my brethren, many of you can remember the in stances in which the consolations of the Gospel have been brought home to your hearts by nim by those wise and guiding counsels impressed up- n your minds by that voice so lately audible among us, but now silent for ever. Hi? voice shall be heard no more. Oh! I would say to those who have heard his voice so often in this place — Remember the words of one who had* the rule over you, and who spoke unto you the words of eternal life. Recall those utterances as if it were a voice from the grave which spoke to you. Some of you have loet one so near to you by the tenderest tie . that can bind hearts together. Some of you in his place have lost a wise and a loving father. Who has often led you to a throne of grace. At the family altar he has taught you to bow the knee and lift up your hearts to your Father in heaten; he has often striven to guide you with wise and loving counsels, and to train your youth in the path in which you should go — in the ways of wisdom and righteousness and truth. And he has now gone ; never more in thb life shall you listen to his words. But your Heavenly Father still lives. Jesus the Saviour stili is listening to your voice, and He is tho same yesterday, to-day, and for ever — the same iu His mighty power, the same in his loving care for you, now that you have lost your guide and protector and friend, as well as your father. Oh, make the Lord your care for life and for death. And society, too, has lost a prominent member and a valued citizen— cne whose post in his Fpecial department of labour will not be easily tilled. I say this without hesitation, remember ing as I do the varied capacity and the ready facility that he possessed for that work to which he was called. With respect to myself, I may say I have lost an old friend, known by mo long before the arrival of either of us in tbii land ; cut a friend with whom my intercourse has been interrupted of late yeais from the fact that our courses in professional life have not run together ? have not run in the s&me; line as they once did. And we have both in our respective walks been too busy to 890 much of each other, as we had done in days that were gone by. As to the cause for that divergence bear with me just for one word. I did not agree with my brother that our paths Ehould so diverge, and I faithfully told him of my disagreement. But at the &ame; time not a particle of my respect or esteem for him was then lost; for 1, brethren, have no idea of what is called in ecclesiastical circles ' the indelibility of orders.' I have not tho slightest idea of such a thing; and I have known many retain the position of ministers to whom I Ehould have said, ' It would be a happy release for yourself and the Church if you could find seme other way of getting an honest living; both you and eociety would be the better for the change.' Nor do I for one moment think that a man may not ae usefully and acceptably serve his Lord and Master in secular life as in the ministry of the Goepel, if satisfied in his own conscience upon the point or if forced by circumstances to take sv.ch a step. I admit also this— that the profession into which my brother was led Is among the very highest and the very noblest which a man can follow — when the profession and the carrying out of the duty in connection with it are governed by high principle — that high principle, by which I mean the continual r«cognit?.on of Christ's lordship over the editorial pen as well as the tongue of the preacher — to guide that pen into the upholding of whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whaUcever things are just, are pure, lawful, and of good report— in all those matters which come within the scope of current journalism. And if that calling had its special perils so have all callings, and 1 suppose each one in his own callirglnowsits perils better than those who are outside. Every calling, whether sacred or ?ecular, has its ppecial perils, and every heart that is subject to them feels them most intecsely. But if there be those special perils then 1 *ay there ia the more need that men of the strongest moral fibro should be found to fill in secular life the posts of special danger. I believe that ptfst was filled by our deceased brother with honour to himself and with advantage to tho whole community. I rejoice in the fact that in tLis land there has been no separation between the: exorcise of tho Christian ministry and thp secular Press around us ; that we stand in what I might call an enviable posi tion among the- colonfes of Australasia in thi« respect; that there hajs been perfect harmony between the secular Pniss and the highest forms of Christian life and activity around us; and I have no doubt that, our brother has con tributed his full Bhare iof powerful influence to maintain that beautiful harmony that wo now see existing, and which I pray God may never in the subsequent histoiy of this land bo broken. But his voice is now silent; his pen ia stilL We yesterday committed pia remains to kindred dust, to rest there in silence until the thunders uf the Judgment shall awaken tho sleeping nations, and the dead shall arise to immortality. The preacher concluded with an appropriate re ference to the uncertainty of life, tho folly of men ' who think all - men mortal but them selves,' and the truo happiness and future reward of those who live a faithful and useful Christian life. Stow Chtjbch. At the morning Eeryice the Rev. W. Roby Fletcher, M.A., made-, special roferenoe to the sad events of the week.'- He chose as his text the woids— ' Jesus Christ,' who hath abolished death and hath brought life and immortality to light through the Gospel'- -2 Timothy, i 10. In tho course of an earnest and impressive discourse Mr. Fletcher said ho; little thought when he committed bimsslf to »? course of Sunday evening sermons on the natufe and destiny of the human soul that events; would give such practical meaning to his wordfc. Reason and intellect might yield to a strange fascination for the themes that hung arouild the mystery of death, and might indulge in speculation, or in reverence might learn the great ltpeson that we could only go a very little way on -tho mystic pathway that Ud to the unknown jet brilliant future; but when real sorrow caine over us, or aotual events caused us tot confront the terrible fact of life's uncertainty, then reason gave way to eKotior), and the logic of the heart was felt to le more keen and n-ore comforting than the cold logic of intellect. ; Like the psalmist they were compelled to say, 'I was dumb, I opened not my mouth because :the Lord did it.' Since laot they met iu that Janctuary they had been called to commit to ithe grave the earthly remains of one of thrt oldest members of that church, and tho widofr of one of ita founders — the late Mr. Wm. Giles. In a ripe age she passed away, having fulfilled her course on earth, but so suddenly that I'one of her friends knew that her hour was so near. That day, too, in the city of Melbourne, '.he church under the pastoral care of the late Rev. A. M. Henderson was called to do the duty of commemorating his departure. Though belonging to another colony, be had bis place in the history of Stow Church, for when their! reverence for the name of the lato Mr. Stow liad caused them to erect that sanctuary to his memory, they asked him to come over from Victoria oa tho occasion of the opening services. Hej went away from his field of labour in poor healtb, in the hopes that a rest frcm toil and the ploasing incitements of travel might restore him to v)gour,but it was not to be. The telegraph had b-?rne aciO3s tho world the news that, far away from home and friends, in Toronto, in Canada, be passed to the other world. How he died:or who was with him was not yet known, for only tho bars hard fact had come to our knowledge. But this colony had been called upon to pass through what t'lty must call a public bereavement in the ; sudden and unexpected death of one of the leaders of its common life. No man was better known in Adelaide than him whom they must that day call ' the late' Mr. Harcus, and no man's departure from us could cause a gap more keenly felt or more difficult to fill. Though not favoured with a long acquain tance with him, yet What he did know of him led him to deem hisa a personal friend, and what he had seen and heard of his work had induced him to estaerr him huhly for the work's sake. In our day, apd especially in a young land like this, no man could over-estimate the ?mportance of the Prers in moulding opinion, in checking false sentiment, in unmasking social shams, and in guiding;the commonwealth of the nation. Mr. Harcus felt the truth of this, and obeying his cause, devoted himself to this modern mode of uttering the convictions that stirred within him. . He did his duty wisoly and well. He preached with his pen against all that he deemed hostile to tho political and social progress of the colony. He feared no foe in tbe_ discharge of Jiis duty, and in the high contciousneEs of what- he deemed right, felt, as he personally knew, the burden of his calling as a cucred thing. He wat: not there to defend or to call in question the coarse which he pursuod in politics, but he did wisli to utter his protest against the idea that because * man was called of Gad to the ministry. of the Gospel that therefore he was to cease to feel, to speak, and to act in the grand drama of the Ration's work. Because a man was a minister was he any less a man and a citizen ? He did not argue for a race of political clergymen, for unless under peculiar circum stances, one called of God to the holy duties of the pastorate, felt that that work was enough for any man's heart and brain and energy; but he did thick that in all questions of public morality, in all political struggles in which tho ethical purity uf the national cause was involved, that the preacher of the Gospel had no right to be silent. Because he was a studeut of the Bible, because he was a man of prayer, because he was fired with a holy ardour of Christian patriotism, he K-as called to exercise as wide an influence aa he could command. Like the prophets of olden times, he must take up the burdens that be to hand and bear them bravely. The most fervent piety was the parent of the purest patriotism, as ail history would prove. It was the love of God that inspired the political orations cf Isaiah and Jeremiah, and it was the same love in the days of his boyhood that banded together 700 ministers to work a repeal of the iniquitous corn laws of England. But it was rather the fact that he who was so recently among them, bearing the heat and burden of the day, Lad been suddenly called away, that impressed them all, than any other thought that enchained them mat day. He was gone, and that was enough — gone to his Maker, his Saviour, his Friend, and bis Judge. In the grave at Clayton they left his ashes; and of bis spirit they said 'Gad accept him, Christ receive him.' Death was a solemn thing, but the Bible enabled them to sae lifeht amid the darkness. Were they weepiag over the dead? Was sorrow in their hearts as they thought of son, or daughter, or hu&band;, or wife, or parent, as gone from them, leaving a vacant seat at their table, a vacant place in their memory ? He found no fault with their tears and their sorrow, for Jesus wept ; but with the book of Christ ia hi3 hand kr «ould aay, as Jesus did to the widow of Nain, 'Weep not.' Death was but the gateway to life. Blessed, not lost, were the dead which die in the Lord. Were they alarmed as the idea came over them that they too must die, and at the dread of sudden death ? He did not wonder at it, for there were times when one felt like a soldier under fire who saw his comrades on either hand falling victims to the iron hail of the musketry, Were they tempted to drown the ugly thought in oblivion, in business, in pleasure, or in stoical submission ? Was that wise 1 Waa it not better to see in the mystery a joy in the thought that their intelligence and being were i ot bound by the grave, but extended beyond. Would they not be happier and feel stronger against the world, the flesh, and the devil if they were certain of that ? He invited them in the midst of the fear that naturally hung around the community juBt now to give their whole hearts unto the blessed Christ. If any had backslidden He would take them to His arms agaiD. If they had never loved Him they should seek Hun without delay, for Christ was the only one who could give them any light upon the great mystery of eternity. Chalmees Chtjech, Kobth-terrace. Ihe Rev. Professor Davidson, on commenoing a very able discourse upon the 15th chapter ot the 1st Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians, at the evening service of the above place of worship, briefly alluded to the death of Mr. Harcus. He said bo had discovered that he had been expected to make special reference to a subject lying very tear to the hearts cf many of his congregation. He bad not intended to make any special allu tion to the sad event, and would not have done so but for the fact of a very strange coincidence — a coincidence well worth remembering. On that day, ten weeks back, the pulpit in which he then stood was occupied by him whose death they now mourned. At the morniDg service Mr. Harcus selected for his text the two opening verses of the chapter upon which he (Professor Davidson) was about to deliver a discourse, and at the evening aervice he selected for his text the 14th verse of the 14th chapter of Job. It was from no lack of affec tion or esteem that he had considered it advisable -to maintain silence upon the sad event of tne past week, for of all men occupying pulpits in Adelaide no man was under a greater obligation to Mr. Harcus than he (Professor Davidson). He had always found their deceased friend uni formly kind, courteous, and obliging, and he had special cause to remember the greeting which he bad accorded to him when he first came to Adelaide. On his first landing in Adelaide he had heard Mr. Earcus preach, and his text, as he remembered well, was, ' I have planted Apollos watered, but God gave the increase.' Mr. Barcus had occupied a position surrounded by difficulties and requiring infinite tact; but he was always found faithful and just in the discharge of his obligations, 'ihe character of his life, so far as he ( Professor Davidson) had been permitted to obsorve it, was such as had drawn forth the cordial admi ration of those who knew him baat It was strange indeed that just ten weeks ago Mr. Harcus should have preached in that pulpit upon the verses which they had heard read that evening — ' Moreover, brethren, I d9slare unto you the Gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand ; by which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.' The evening text on the Sunday to which he had alluded was still mere suggestive, and was taken from a chapterfull of pathos—' If a man die, shall he live agair. ? All the days of my appointed time will 1 wait till my chai ge come.' And now the change had come, and doubtless by this time the preacher was fully informed of all the difficulties which belonged to the strange mystwy which formed the subject-matter of the chapter before them. Pbesbttebian Chtjbch, Fuxdebs street. The Rev. J. Lyall delivered a most impressive discourse on Sunday morning, taking his text from the Epistle to the Roman3 xiv. 17—' For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the H-.ly Ghost.' The rev. gentleman urged that the various dogmas and doctrines were subordinate to the true spirit of religion. In his concluding remarks he alluded to the lamentable bereave ment which not only the community bur the newspaper press of the colony had lately sustained in the demise of the lato Mr. Harcus lie said:— ' Let us remember that the time is «horr, and that our opportunities for glorifying God in this world are Seiner rapidly abridged. How impres sively this consideration has been set before us of late in the sudden removal of several of our pro minent citizens. Yesterday some of us assisted in showing the last tokens of respect to one held in high estimation, and who wielded a powerful influence in this community, who has in the course of a few short days been laid prostrate by a fell disease. This is not tho place to speak of his character or the value of his work; yet this I will say, that for the highly creditable way in which the newspaper Press of the province is conducted, and the respectful manner in which it treats of moral and religious question?, this community is greatly indebted to him and his eempeers in that department of literature. It is something for which we cannot be too thankful to have a newspaper Press ever ready to expose abuseB and defend the right.' St. Peter's College Church. On Sunday morning Canon Farr, at the close of his sermon, referred to the Iobs the commu nity had sustained in the death of Mr. Harcus, and said it had teen a great pleasure to him and to his congregation to see Mr. Harcus at their church and at the communion-table with them. He looked upon his presence there as as indica- tion that the lines that separated different bodies of Christians were drawing nearer together, and that there was hope in time that they would be bridged over. He considered the work of a writer for the Press was one of special difficulty because it was anonymous, yet still every one knew or guessed in such a small community as this who was the author of articles, Mr. Harcus was ever foremost in denouncing corruption and in assisting to promote everything that was good, and even in his last hours there was still the one prevailing thought in his mind, viz., how to do good, and how to beat serve the interests of suffering humanity, when God called him to his rest. 