THE CANCER THAT DEVOURS CHURCHES. The Rev. Theo. L. Cuyler says :-" How so many churches have become so embarrassed we need not stop to inquire. The secret of the indebtedness of nine-tenths of them lies in the simple fact that they are determined to erect a finer and a costlier building than they were either willing or able to pay for. In doing this they committed a sin, and in these hard times their sift finds them out. It is a very shallow view of this great subject which simply regards a heavy church debt as an inconvenience or an unpleasant encumbrance upon its pew rental. Vital interests are vitally affected by it. In the first place, no church embarrased by debt can honestly give what it ought to outside objects of Chris tian benevolence. Another stupendous evil that grows out of big church debts is that the pulpit-which should only be estimated by its spiritual power-comes to be rated by a low and sordid commercial valuation. The question in choosing or retaining a pastor is not, is he a good man and full of the Holy Ghost ? but, will he draw ? We say nothing here of the weary anxieties that oppress the hearts of many of the best pastors when they feel that all their efforts to sustain their church are burdened, or, as the jockeys say, handicapped, by a crushing debt. MYrWAToH.-My beautiful new watch had run eighteen months without losing or gain ing, and without breaking any part of its machinery or stopping. I had come to be lieve it infallible in its judgments about the time of day, and to consider its constitution and its anatomy imperishable. But at last, one night, I let itrun down. I grieved about it as if it were a recognised messenger and forerunner of calamity. But by and by I cheered up, set the watch by guess, and com manded my bodings and superstitions to depart. Next day I stepped into the chief jeweller's to set it by the exact time, and the head of the establishment took it out of my hand and proceeded to set it for me. Then .he said " She is four minutes slow-regulator. wants pushing up." I tried to stop him--tried to make him understand that the watch kept perfect time. But no; all this human cabbage could see was that the watch was four minutes slow, and the regulator must be pushed up a little; and so, while I danced around him in anguish, and beseeched him to let the watch alone, he calmly and cruelly did the shamefiul deed. My watch began to gain. It gained faster and faster day by day. Within the week it sickened to a raging fever, and its pulse went up to a hundred and. fifty in the shade. At the end of two months it had left all the timepieces of the town far in the rear, and was a fraction over thirteen days ahead of the almanac. I took it to the watchmaker to be regulated. He asked me if I had ever had it repaired. I said no, it had never needed any repairing. He looked a look of vicious happiness and eagerly prised the watch open, then put a small dice-box into his eye and peered into its machinery. He said it wanted cleaning and oiling, besides regulating-come in a week. After being cleaned and oiled and regulated, my watch slowed down to that de gree that it ticked like a tolling bell. I be gan to be left by trains, I failed all appoint. ments, I got to missing my dinner; my watch strung out three day's grace to four and let me go to protest; I gradually drifted back into yesterday, then day before, then into last week, and by and by the comprehension came upon me that all solitary and alone I was lingering along in week before last, and the world was out of sight. I went to a watch maker again. He took the watch all to pieces-. while I waited, and then said the barrel was " swelled." He said he could reduce it in. three days. After this the watch averaged" well, but nothing more. For half a day it would go like the very mischief, but the rest. of the day it would keep on slowing down and fooling along until all the clocks it had left behind caught up again. So at last, at. the end of twenty-four hours, it would trot. up to the judges' stand all right and just in time. It would show a fair and square aver-, age, and no man could say:it had done more or less than its.duty. But a correct average is only a mild virtue in a watch, and I took this instrument to another watchmaker. He said the kingbolt was broken. I said I was glad it was nothing more. serious. To tell the plain truth, I had no idea what the kingbolt was, but I did not choose to appear ignorant to a stranger. He repaired the kingbolt, but what the watch gained in one way it lost in another. It would run a while and then stop a while, and then run a while again, and so on, using its own discretion about the intervals. And every time it went off it kicked back like a musket. I padded my breast for a few days, but finally took the watch to an6ther watch maker. He picked it all to pieces and turned. the ruin over and over under his glass ; and' then he said there appeared to be something the matter with the hair-trigger. He fixed' it, and gave it a fresh start. It did well now, except that always at ten minutes to ten the hands would shut together like a pair of' scissors, and from that time forth they would travel together. This person said that the crystal had got bent, and that the mainspring was not straight. He also remarked that part. of the works needed half-soling. He mad& these things all right, and then my timepiece. performed unexceptionably, save that now. and then, after working along quietly for nearly eight hours, everything inside would. let go all of a sudden and begin to buzz like a bee, and the hands would straightway begin, to spin round and round so fast that their-. individuality was lost completely.. I wentf with a heavy heart to one more watchmaker;:. and looked on while he took her to pieces;-. Then I prepared to cross-question him rigidly4.. for this thing was getting serious. While I: waited and looked on I presently recognised& in this watchmaker an old acquaintance-a, steamboat engineer of other days, and not:. at. good engineer either. He examined all the parts carefully, just as the other watchmakers had done, and then delivered his. verdict with,. the same confidence of manner. He said " She makes too much steam-you want to': hang the monkey-wrench on the safety-valve !" I brained him on the spot, and had him buried at my own expense.-Marlk Twain.: We hear of a Washington lady who appeared in company in a calico d-ress the other evening. She supposed everybody would shed tears over her goodness and economy; but instead every body looked grieved and said, " Good gracious! what'syour husband been doing ?"-Rochester Democrat. The American people are just now taking an account of moral stock, and have already learned so much of each other that they almost wish they hadn't opened the books.-Brooklyn Argus. How To GET EGGS IN WINTER.-We will not say that the farmer who leaves his poultry to roost in the apple tree at the corner ot the barn, and to pick up their living at the pig's. trough and in the barnyard, may not occasion ally get an egg in winter. But as a matter of fact there is on most farms a dearth of eggs- . from November to March. With a warm shelter, and suitable feed, pullets that begin to lay in the fill will continue to lay through the winter. It is mainly a question of feed. The staple feed is Indian corn, especially in the West, because it is the most convenient. It furnishes plenty of fat, and keeps up the heat of the fowls, but is poor in albumen and phos phates. They want a variety of grains and vegetables, and, to do their best, one feed daily of warm cooked meal and vegetables. Boiled-' potatoes or turnips, mashed or mixed with: Indian meal, make an excellent feed for laying hens. Fowls are particularly fond of cabbages and turnips at all stages of their growth, and.. eat them raw greedily every day if they can get them. We have found so good results from feeding cabbages to laying hens, that we always lay in a large supply for the winter. Refuse from the butchers, and offal from the fish market, also fiurnish good material for making eggs. These are accessible to m6st, villagers, and to be had at small cost. A hen is only a machine for producing eggs. If you want the finished product you must put the raw material into the hopper. It should not be forgotten that there is a liberal grinding going on in the gizzard, and the laying bird: should have free access'to gravel with sharp. grit, broken oyster andc'clam shells, which assist: in reducing the grains.-and forming egg-shells,. 'With a plentiful supply of egg-producing food'r hens will lay well in winter, when eggs bring the hio'hest urice.-American aricidulturist. To BoILr, PUDDINGS.-To prepare a pud ding bag, sew firmly a strong canvas in the shape of a sugar loaf, sew within four inches of the top a strong string. Before putting in the pudding dip the bag in boiling water, turn the bag on the wrong side, and dredge it well with flour. Have ready a pot of water boiling hard; put in the pudding, allow room for swelling, and tie firmly. Turn a plate in the bottom of the pot, and be sure there is enough boiling water to cover it. Then keep the teakettle boiling all the while the pudding is in the pot,- and fill up often, Fifteen minutes after the pudding is put in turn it over in the pot. The following from the Clunes -'zardian may be found useful :-" Croup can be cured in one minute, and the remedy-is simple alum and sugar. The way to accomplish the deed is to take a knife and grate or shave off, in small particles, about a teaspoonful of alum ;' then mix it with twice its quantity of sugar, to make it palatable, and administer it as quickly as possible. Almost instantaneous relief will follow." LE~ox PUDDING BAKED -Stir over a slow fire, until they boil, four and a half ounces of butter, with seven ounces of pounded sugar, then pour into a dish, and let them remain until cold, or nearly so. Mix very smoothly a large dessert spoonful of flour with six eggs that have been whisked and strained. Add these gradually to the sugar and butter,, with the grated rinds and the juice of two moder ate-sized lemons. Put a lining of puff=paste . to the pudding, and bake it for an hour in a. gentle oven. 