FROM SOUTH AUSTRALIA! TO THE UNITED STATES. [From our Special Correspondent.! Stage XI.—Philadelphia to Napanee, Ont., Canada. As I found that in Philadelphia living - was really expensive, and the Australian Courts were not fit for show, I made up my mind to accept an invitation tendered . •" me by His Worship the Mayor of Napanee, a town situated near Late Ontario, in Canada, to have a run tip to. his munici pality and see. a. little of Canadian life. I accordingly leftPhiladelpbiaon Wednesday, June 7, at 8 p.m., via the North Pennsyl vania, Lehigh Valley, and.Erie Railway, for Niagara, for I had determined that I would not leave America without having a look at the ', falls, which are admitted on all bands to he the finest in the world.. Luring . the night we. arrived at Bethlehem, . Waverly, and several other towns of more' or less" importance in Pennsylvania and New York, and on rising in the morning found ourselves in the Empire State. The •Country here looked very, different from that Iliad hitherto passed through. Down South the.trees were in_ full bloom, the birds were heard warbling their sweet music, on every side, and, in fact, everything wore a look of summer. In. the North, on the contrary, every thing was as distinctively spring-like. " The tre'es were' yet showing their buds, ;: and the weather was cool, sharp, and brae-: ' ing.'/Thia was noticeable all the more from 'fapt tbat- hitherto"had lieen.eatihg fhuts fresh from, the trees and plant!, -while here the fruits: were not nearly ripe. There were no strawberries or other speci mens of- summer fruits. The pies, &c.;, were all made out of dried or preserved fruits. r > We arrived at Buffalo—or rather near Buffalo, as we did not enter the town—about noon, and then. proceeded on to Niagara Falls, where we arrived about one o'clock, crossing the Suspension Bridge in the train, or I suppose I ought to say " on the cars," as_I was ill America/ After getting over "the Bridge'we were in "^the dominions of Ber Gracipus Majesty Queen Victoria ever more,- althhughnq.otte would have been able to tell the fact. Everything appeared to be as distinctively American as on the other side. From the Suspension Bridge wre had a good view of the American Falls, although the Horseshoe Fall< was not clearly visible, owing to a turn in the river. " Of course I was not satisfied with what I saw from the cars, but went on to the. scene of wonder, about two miles' away from the railway depot at Suspension Bridge, on the Cana dian side. These falls are situated on the Niagara River, 22£ miles from Lake Erie, and 13£ from Lake Ontario. The river is .the outlet of Lakes Winnipeg, Winne bago, Superior, Michigan, Huron, St. Clair, and. Erie, and drains .over 150,000 square miles of territory. Two miles and a half above the falls the river is three miles wide, while at the " Whirlpool," one mile below, it is narrowed to 400 feet. The falls are separated into two parts by Goat Island. The portion between the island and the United States shore is called the American Falls. These are 1,200 feet wide and 1G4 feet high. Between the island and the Canadian shore are the horse-shoe or Canadian Falls. These have a width 2,400 feet, and a height of 158 feet. It is gene rally believed that these falls are in the Dominion of Canada, hut such is not the fact. The international boundary line follows the main channel of the river, and, therefore, passes through the centre of the horse-shoe fall, leaving two- thirds of the great cataract in the United States. The amount of water passing over this cataract is incalculable. Professor Lyell estimates that 90,000,000,000 cubic feet pass over hourly. Occasionally a wind blowing continuously out of lake Erie causes the water to increase in volume, and when the rise is one foot above the falls, it is seventeen and a half feet in the rapids below. These rapids are wonders only second to the cataract itself. In the narrow rock-cut channel the waters of the great Lakes are compressed, and rush with such fury that their centre is ele vated many feet higher than the sides. It is thought that the depth of water here is about 180 feet, but soundings cannot be made with any accuracy. All around this great central wonder places of interest and curiosities abound. Nature lias left strik ing effects in rocks and chasms, and history has cast ber charmed halo over these, until every road leads to a novelty, and every spot is marked by something to pause at and remember. To describe the Falls them selves is simply impossible. Words fail to convey an idea of tlieir awe-inspiring gran deur. The pencil of the artist cannot re produce the wonderful lights and shadows of the tremendous watei'3, or the glories which God's sunlight casts over tliem. They grow upon the beholder. Days and weeks of study would serve only to unveil their greatness, and when once impressed upon the mind, they seem to live for ever as a present memory. Charles Dickens, when he first. visited America, felt himself unable to describe the scene, and only succeeded in eloquently sketching bis emotions. " When we were seated in the little ferryboat," be says, " and were crossing the swollen river im mediately before both cataracts, I began to feel what it was; but I was in a maimer stunned, and unable to comprehend the vastness of the scene. It was not until I came on Table Rock and looked—great heaven! on what a fall of bright green water—that it came upon me in its full might and majesty. . . Niagara was. at once, stamped upon my heart, an .image of beauty, to remain there change less and indelible until its pulses cease to beat forever. . . . I think in every quiet season now, still do those waters roll, and leap, and roar, and tumble all day long; still are the rainbows . spanning them a hundred feet .below." Still, when the sun is on them, do they shine and glow like molten gold, x Still, when the day is gloomy, do they fall like show, or seem to crumble away like the front of a great chalk cliff, or roll down the rock like dense white smoke. .But always does the mighty stream appear todieasit comes down, and always from the Unfathomable grave arises that 'tre mendous ghost of spray and mist which is never laid, which has" haunted this place with the same dread solemnity since dark ness brooded on the deep, and that first flood before the deluge—light—came rush ing on creation at the Word of God." Every traveller should see Niagara for himself, and to each it conveys "its own description. Useful as_ guides" and hand books may be, they are insignificant in their | teachings*beside "the voice of the Great Creator that dwells in its mighty tone," and it is impossible for me or any one else to convey to the mind of a single reader any idea at all of the grandeur of the scene. I was loth to turn myself away, but I had to do it, although I promised "myself that before leaving America I would certainly pay another visit to the Falls of Niagara. Coming hack to the I'ailway depot I took my ticket for Toronto by the' Great Wes tern and Grand Trunk railroads. I arrived at Toronto—a very [pretty town, on the shore of Lake Ontario, early in the evening, and put up at the Queen's hotel, from the. tower of which the old British flag was flying. This is the best botel in. Toronto, mid is conducted on the American plan. It will compare favorably with' many of the first-class hotels in the United States, all of which are superior to any hotels in the Australian colonies. Truly. America is 'the land of hotels. Hotel-living in .the Great llepublic has almost been reduced to a science, and it is Avonderful to see to Avliat a pitch of perfection the proprietors of the first-class hotels have carried out their profession. One feels almost as niiich at honie.iirone'of these' hotels as he would in his own house, and, lie has none oL the Annoyances to contend with which beset .the head of a household, in the shape of taxes, servants, and so forth. All he. has to do at the end. of the week is to put his hand in bis pocket and pull out his pprae. wbick whetf .returned' is—as a- i'uie tdhe lighter by ten or twelve dollars. If a man want to be quiet he can go into hia room, which is always handsomely furnished; here he can read) write, or do anything else he pleases; if he desires to re I ceive company, there is a handsome reception parlor at his disposal; if he has a wish to entertain his friends at dinner, or in any other way, all that is necessary is for him to mention the fact to the clerk before going out in the morning, and all responsibility is off his hands. At the time specified his guests are there, and he is prepared to do all he can to entertain them without harassing his mind as to whether the soup is cold or the viands im properly cooked. Hotel life is, indeed, one of the institutions of America. The visitor to the United States from England or the colonies, cannot fail to be struck with the small amount of drinking that goes on, at all eventsthatis visible. One seldom sees people standing at the bar of the hotel, or sitting in the parlor with their glasses in front of them, indulging in beverages which, how ever much they may cheer, certainly do inebriate, and at meal times the use of in toxicants is utterly unknown. Since I arrived in the country I have only seen one man drinking alcoholic liquors with his meals, and he was an Englishman. At dinner water or milk is used, and at breakfast, luncheon, and tea either milk, tea, or coffee. The tea, that one gets is at first rathar unpalatable to Australians, as it is made veiy weak, but in a short time one gets to like it very much; it has a peculiar flavor, which I shall not attempt to describe, but which is yery pleasing to the palate, and a very great deal of it is drunk. Then again, no dinner at a good hotel is complete without a dish of ice-cream. I know the young ladies of South Australia. would like America in this respect. Ice-cream, 5 and 10 cents, a "lass, occupies in America i the position of intoxicating very much the position __ liquor in Australia; The" shouting " done is nearly all for ice-cream, and I suppose that during the last six weeks I have eaten more ice-cream than in the whole of my previous existence. In one thing are the Americans inferior to the British people in the living line; they do not know how to cook a beefsteak. At only one hotel have I been able.to get a good juicy beefsteak, and that was at Louisville, Kentucky. Here in Canada they are worse than ' anywhere I have * been in this respect, and I have serious thoughts of starting a steak and chopliouse. I think it would be a grand success. To use an Americanism, " there's millions in it." - However, I have wandered a long way from Toronto and the Queen's Hotel there, and I must get back or this letter will never be finished. I stayed here only one night, and then took the Grand Trunk Railway, for Napanee. We started at G.37 a.m., and for about 00 miles our course was close to the shore of the lake. We passed quite a number of very pretty towns of various sizes. Amongst these were Whitbv, Coburg. Tort Hope, and Belleville, and arrived at Napanee, just ;in time for dinner. This town' is not so large as London, but is very quiet and orderly. - It is situated in County of Lennox and Addington, and contains about 5,000 inhabitants; it is laid out, like most American" and Canadian towns, in square blocks, and has good streets with wooden pavements. Good water is found at a short distance from the surface of the ground, and gas works are now being erected. There are three weekly papers^ besides a fourth which is devoted to the interests of the temperance cause through out the whole of Canada. There are only five liquor shops, and these do but a small business. The country has recently adopted the Dunkin Act, a Permissive Prohibitory Liquor Bill, which will come into.force on the expiration of the present licences on May 1,, 1877. The temper ance sentiment of the town is very strong, and it is kept up by lodges and branches of several temperance organizations, all of which are well supported. There are also branches of other secret and benevo lent societies, such as the Freemasons, Oddfellows, &c.;, all of which receive the support of the townspeople to a much larger extent than in Australia. An account of one of the" Canadian institiitions may not . be uninteresting, and that is, " a Sugar Social." I wonder how many of those who read these words know what a Sugar Social. is. I was just as ignorant as any of the reapers of the Advertiser, until a few days ago, when I received a polite invita tion to attend one, and which was to be held a few miles out of Napanee, for the benefit of a lodge of Good Templars. After driv ing for about an hour we arrived at the focus in quo. Here we joined a merry lot of people of.all ages and sizes, from the old grandfather and grandmother down to the boys and girls of the household, around the place. We all received a warm welcome, and in a very short time we were completelv lit home amongst the young people. Shortly after 8 o'clock the proceedings commenced, a saucer containing a quantity of stuff, looking remarkably like treacle, was handed to each of those'present, and I soon saw that we were expected to eat it. It was hot- long before I made a start at mine, determined to try and do my best to get rid of the mixture down my throat. On first essaying it I found it was nearly boiling hot," and the first thing I suc ceeded in doing was to burn my mouth. However, by judiciously waiting for awhile this disadvantage'was got rid of. I- employed the time during which the contents of my saucer were cooling in making enquiries as to their nature, and was informed that, the treacly looking" stuff was melted maple sugar, and that it: was considered a delicacy in Canada. On attempting it a second time I was agree ably surprised to find that my taste cor responded with that of _ the good people of Canada., Maple sugar is really very nice, and I enjoyed my first taste 'of it very mucin After getting rid of it I was asked to take some more, hut I had come to the conclusion that one saucerful was quite sufiicient, as too many sweets are cloying to the palate, aud I respectfully declined to liuinor my appetite any further. Half an hour was then devoted to social intercourse, and I found that aboupevery second individual I was introduced to was named Parkes—in fact the locality is a regular.colony- of Parkes's.- The meeting was then called to -order by a brother, who of course rejoiced in the cognomen dis tinguishing so many of those present. There were speeches fyorn Mr.-Allen,"the Chief Ihspecfof vof Police iii ''Nipauee, Mr.^W. S. Williams Roys, and Mayor of Napanee, Mr. Chisholm, Grand Lecturer of G.L. of Canada, and your humble ser vant, all of which were heartily ap plauded. . I gave an accoiuit of the pro gress of Good Templary in South Aus tralia, and expressed my appreciation of the merits of a "Sugar Social." When I stated that I had that evening taken my first taste of Maple Sugar. I noticed that quite a number of the youngsters present looked perfectly astonished. They could not 'un derstand it at all. Maple sugar to them is. as common as bread, and they evidently thought that I must have lived all my .life in some outlandish and barbarous counjtry, When I said however, that I enjoyed it very much, and that when they held another Sugar Social, _ I hoped they would let me know if I was: in the vicinity, the applause was loud and long. I suppose they thought that I was past learning the habits of civilization. Altogether the affair was a most enjoyable one, the speeches were' all short and to the point. They were separated from one another by some very good vocal music, and we parted from one another, with, I believe, mutual regrets. A sugar social was something new to me, and I have no doubt an account of it will be interesting to South Australians. ; 