A MUSING ON CHRISTMAS; OB, TWENTY YEARS SINCE. Inhale as large a stock of charity as man ever posesssed—be as forgiving as a due remembrance of the season should make us—have everything to receive and nothing to pay away : and yet Christmas on this side of the equator cannot resemble Christmns on the other. How can you relish a hot plum pudding, with the thermometer at 110 J Can snap dragon be enjoyed, when there's no place to put your fingers to cool ? and, as for hanging up a mistletoe—although the colony holds plenty of pretty girls—there's no fun iu chasing a lass in board day, nor having to pause in the chase to divest of coat and neckcloth. As for ghosts, or ghost stories, who can believe in a Christmas ghost story in Victoria ? Not all the fascination of the Countess D'Auois would make her goblin elves and demons palatable here. A ' Midsummer Night's Dream' might, perhaps, become an object of the imagination, but Oberon and his fairy crew are not Christmas fairies ; and, somehow, Christmas and the winter are so mixed up together that—that —it ought to be cold and snowy ou that day. And, really, as this is the age of wonders, it is a pity some enterprisiug firm cannot import an artificial atmorphere, to be used for that day only, at the public expense. What is the use of a pantomime in our holidays? The gas lamps, saw dust, aud blue lire, lose their charm when it is recollected that broad day reigns without, and thi-re is no dark fog, for which a link boy's services is required to await one. The only time the colony is thoroughly disagreeable i>> a few days before Christmas aud a few days aftir. No—I' ll contradict myself, the colony is not disagreeable, even theu. But I like a cold Christmas. Forty years of cold Christmases force one to like them. But, I cannot say I find Victoria disagreeable : for, just as I make up my mind it is, and I'll visit Europe at Christmas, something turns up, rendering the place dearer aud dearer ; aud twelve years have glided ou, like'a dream of enchantment. But, then, there are no ghost stories ; anil old as I am, I like a ghost story. I do not care if I get it after the form of the Arabian Nights. The Fisherman and the Genie is a line tale. It used to make oue frightened; •and, told in oittr the light was blown out ou a cold night, what can equal it ?—Or Grimm's Tales ?—The Dwarf Hind ? —Or fc'ortuuio ?—Or Monk Lewis' mystic productions ? all of which require a cold night, a waesail bowl, and a few auxiliary noises, to render them perfectly pleasaut, and horrid enough to make you fearful of being left iu the dark one single minnte, Alas !—Christmas must be got cold somehow. I don't whether Old John Delver thought all this, as he gathered a pretty bunch of bright flowers early last Christmas moruiug, but there was something on his mind, that was quite clear, and when he cast his eyes as usual round his little garden, aud took a sweeping glauce at Mouut Maccdon, where it reared its gigantic head in the background, it was easy to see that his thoughts were not on the flowers, nor on the garden, nor on Mount Macedon either, but farther, much farther, away. Perhaps John was thinking of his son, who was fighting in the Crimea, or who had been ; perhaps he was thinking of his wife, whose remains lay in the pretty churchyard of Thorncliffe ; perhaps he was thiuking of the pretty blue-eyed grand-daughter, that now came bounding from the little cottage to call him in to breakfast; or, it may be he was meditating on the quiet form that was then engaged in pouring out the tea her father-inlaw was called to partake of. If he was musing on the last, he might have found a worse subject for bis thoughts than Martha Delves : although she would not be called good-looking, and, so far as book-learning went, might be turned ignorant. John was a hale old man, although long past three-Bcore. His cheek was ruddy, aud and his eyes clear. A day's work could still be had from bim when needed, and, as he sat in the outer room of the little wooden cottage wherein he dwelt, he might, in truth, have passed for the husband of the woman who sat opposite him, and father of the blueeyed maiden that seated herself on his knee. I always took a bunch of flowers to the clergyman every Christmas morning at home," said John, "and, please God, I will here." The flowers are brighter here than at home at this time ? " Well—yes : Kent showed nothing like this at Christmas," replied John ; "and yet, to my mind, the winter berry is the prettiest sight one can see." He thought so, too," replied Martha. I wonder if he'll make us out," said John after a pause. Wonder ! gracious ! yes," screamed his daughter. " Oh ! father, how you frighten me by wondering that." " Soldiers may never get the letters sent them, and, somehow, Richard was a careless fellow about his home." Not he," hastily answered Martha; " besides, did I not tell him of little Martha here ; and what father could keep away from his child, aud such a child ? " The little girl looked first in her mother's face, now suffused with tears, aud then into her grandfather's, whose eyes were also moist, and inquired what they were crying for ? His will be done !" reverently observed the old man, and made an end of his meal. Can I do anything before I go ? " he asked. " No : all is clear—the cows are milked. You may take little Patty, if you will. Will you go to church with grandpipa to-day, love ? " And, the little girl answering in tlie affirmative, Bhe was got ready, and grandfather and grand-'iaughter started for a twomile walk, and a visit to the building which served as a church for the denizens of that district. While John Delver is at church, let us take a retrospective glance at himself and family. John Delver was a native of Kent—that garden of England—a market gardener by trade, and well to do, according to the Kentish notions of wealth. His wife and himself loved on and worked on, and, perhaps, their only care, apart from a night or two's anxiety about a bed of strawberries or a gathering of cherries, was the doings of their only child—a fine specimen of an English rustic—Richard Delver. This son was a good sample of the open- hearted Englishman : his provincialisms sat npon him not unpleasantly, an l the exuberance of spirits, into which youth will often be betrayed, and which Richard often displayed, was but a wild outpouring of innocent mind. With other parents Richard Delver would soon have sobered into a staid gardener, but John and his wife were of tha respectable elect class : so pare, so grim, and so exacting, that their very virtues forced their son into trifling excesses : the stiff rigidity of the e pa<-ent< appearing so repulsive to the ohild's openaew and candour. To add to othtr crimes, Richard fell in love with ;, girl—a poor parish child—sent out l' - mistress, hardly worked, hardly :• hardly clothed. It is a curious thing (but never:> true one) that people who take from parish walls consider them the South American is said to negro. Instead of bestowing on t:. kindness, to make amends for tor:r ships, it has been the fashion in K: treat the nnhappy children with gri-s: —perhaps not so as to render the —nothing more than unchristian. if the law has been broken, vestry have a horror of lawyer's bills: charge, for prosecuting an inhuLu; or mistress, would scarcely pass ti.- enlightened rate-payers in the r.i century. Martha Thome was the orphau of a gardener, who, with his wife, I nf a fever. The poor-house was : refuge of his child, to be left for ; home, where for the slightest fault. punishment was unsparingly ailn. From such chastisement young I day saved her, and, although Mari... plain to inspire him with love, her - was so bard that it inspired him 1 terest. Beyond this all familialr have ceased, but the knowledge o; actions coming to the ears of Jol.: he so worried the young man wi'li and so disgusted him with cli <-. wordly maxims, that Richard s • joined issue with liis father's, an-1 i:: the banns were put up at a 11• • i_ church, and Richard Delver an.l Thorue were man and wife, while acinus parents were congratui aelvea that the last homily h;ul > - turned the rebellious character <>l t: Had the Delvers been of the !>'• aud Martha Thorne of the Delver-. „ outcry could not have been ma le : made at the misalliance of the deuer ; harsh words arose on li ' Family disunions are always In 1 • contemplate. Richard w.13 driven : father's roof, and sent forth to fatried to get any work he cnul i, respectability of his parents swavr i' iugs of the neighbours, and no!m ;. employ him- Rustii'Rare notam ivi.- . where they are born there wouM ; While Richard was musing upon 1 : he took to drinkiug. There are a Into be fouud who, while unwilling ; shilling to purchase a loaf, or to I slice of meat, will 'stind' drink t- that will partake of it. RichaM drinking : began to neglect his wii-.. oue of these drinkiug bouts, was : with a shilling of Her Majesty's, an; off, ere quite sober, to the de]; regiment at Chatham, under sailinj Gibraltar. All the regret imaginable, wli*:. had assumed it sway, was of no »v; to add to the misery of the wedilcl; complement of women allowed h«l been made up : so that Martha mitted to leave the place wheie lived so long, but was, a secou. penniless in a bard country, ami « friend. But marriage bad effected: in the poor young woman : it hail firmness, and she sought employmeL pulling, or among the fruit trees, courage she never before possess longed to hear from her husbau'l. parting, had promised to write to h-. Write to him soon she could not; i- schools, especially in country place;, teaching more than the mode of " , to the great people of the oistrk: time wore away—old Delver reganl;: the author of what he now called - hi: and his wife preaching at her, whe had an opportunitj, aud people wer-. to be edified thereby. The year tu this a fever broke out in the distric'- and his wife were stricken with " sore wrestle with death Delver hi recovered, it is true, to tiud the i i his toils dead by his side; to hear ui that had destroyed his finest trees: behold, in the nurse who had so ^ succoured him and his decease'! sp good for nothing hus-sey " " who • audacity to marry his son." If 'i little learning in Martha's breast, implanted there the two great priii-• religion ; and wheD others kept al the tainted house, and all the undeclared the fever to be infectious, boldly crossed the threthold, and day, and night by night, attended i; suffering pair. John rose from poorer but a wiser man. None of ii uours had done one thing for him df his sickness ; not a helping hand b given to his garden. That was spn:.: he was ruined. Once, and once ouly. utter an expression of surprise aii-i shown him. It was to his clergyiu. the rebuke he met with for ever mlt: « Pray, John, who have you befr: your long life ?—' As you sow, so you reap.'" A ruined man, Delver gave up the be so long had rented, aud was c- - lean on his daughter's arm—a stai long rejected. It happened that. time, there came on a visit in the 11 hood an old resident of Austra little episode of John's misfortunecome a topic of conversation, and it to the Australian settler, while li" that men of Delver's practical expe a gardener would be a great adjm.^ Phillip. To act upon this thouuli; a work of time ; and old John fouu before long, upon a vessel bourni bourne ; his accompaniments, his > in-law and an infant grandchild, no» on sixteen months old. The old man was glad to quit he found the real estimation in » neighbours held him. His respecta'; vanished, not only in a monetary view, but in the importance v. imagined, attended all his actions, he regretted leaving the remains behind him ; and, yet, sometimes a it was a consoling one to him. perhaps, au nnjust one to th'.- thought flashed across his mind tha: his wife's admonitions, he might b differently to his son, aud so hav: mnch sorrow. On the whole, he « fore glad to quit England ; ai. written to his son of his destinati : his new master to make certain a; at the War Office, Delver quitted for a new world, looking forward to the future. . . . . Planted near Gisborne, on the c of an excellent master, Delver par got his sorrows. H very thing was bim. The manners and customs orossed him, excepting, indeed, ti of the soil, which rivalled bis o« gronnd, against which (he talked ar. • BO other soil oould compare, But tusand miles from his own land, there ed around hitn flowers of as brilliant Ind fruit as rich in taste, as even he | had reared at home. To the soil the took kindly, aad the digging rush, [unsettled so many, scarcely affected liilcss it was by adding to his already Eages what his master felt he could Tiiiu from the increased profit of his aud the value of his garden produce. John's master died, and John Delver, Jiug for other service ; haviug, too, '' a luuds," from his own and daughter's ty (for right well had Martha Delver [to the Australian oolony, and few I showed better butter and eggs than Igot, at a moderate rent, land Buffilor a garden, and pasturage for the ley now owned, and so we find them, Imorning of Christmas day, cheerful, I do, and contented, their only regret iiichard's absence : for the war with t had broken out. His regiment was lom Gibraltar to the Crimea before his i had been obtained; and the sanguinary ) that had taken place in that fertile 1 Europe had often blanched the cheek i father and daughter with doubt and tension. |tha had that to do which kept her church that morning: a pair of us and some peas, a strawberry tart, lust the smallest of plum puddings, to John of the Kentish Christmases, le dinner she designed for her father. I grapes to serve as his dessert: and, preparations for the meal had been I secret from him, she took more than Lr care with it. The dinner was in a ate of preparation when he returned, raiting its readiness, he sat himself in lrden, musing and dozing alternately, tild, who ever played about his knee, tort time directed his attention to a koming along at a smart pace; and, ltly, the two horses that drew it were up at the entrance leading into kfs garden, and a voice inquired if one |r lived there.' 1! surely," said old John, le a little news for him," said a burlycarter, blue-shirted and cabbage- [ according to custom, entering the lom my husband !"—"From my son I" h father and daughter simultaneously, fom one .Richard Delver," said the ' and I don't know a better day than I bring news, 'specially if they are good I for, cn such a day as this, good tidings brought to all around; at least, they |o siug so in our village ; so, I suppose I right." Ire tlie news good ?—Is my son alive— [' inquired the old man. hat's where it is, you see," answered krter, who seemed in no hurry to tell |e—if he had any to tell. " Well, it's morning, an uncommon fine morning. I the Mount, too, I've seen it a power bee, and never thought it looked so I afore—and, thankye marm, a little lif you please ?" |tka and John looked at the man, and an looked at them. He was evidently Ifficulty. The milk was got, and drank, lrter whistled, fd my eon," said John. )!" replied the carter, wiping his face [king a long breath, " that's where it is. | jogging along, thinking this warn't ' the Christmas I liked to pass, when bouid I see on the road but a man— Iman?" |mati, marm—'Wantin' a lift, mate?' Slid he, ' Which way •?' ' Through,' ' And take it kindly, too,' says he. [at all,' says I." Here the carter ed. "I hadn't got a Christmas dinner he to hurry me, so I didn't mind jog- Ju a little slower, to ease his wounds." |ounds /" cried both the Delvers 5 " has i Hichard ? Is it Richard ?—Where is bat's where it is," said the carter, "I [tell a tale properly. There's—there's J in the cart, who can "— In instant John and Martha were at the 1 In two minutes more they had a man tag from wounds aad efcill weak, but •line-made fellow, on their arms ; and, le minuteB more, Itichard Delver had seed his patient wife and was at peace [his now fond old father; had hugged |ttle maid that oalied him parent; and around the pretty cottage already •an owner's eye. Is of no UBO to detail what Richard told life. He had been severely wounded, pe kind Sisters of Mercy had brought Ihrough, as they had brought thousands phers, although their services, now 1 away, are being ignored by those who r accepted their aid. He had been in tat draft from the Crimea home ; had is discharge; had taken a passage in If the fastest of the White Ball Line, ended in Melbourne. Here he was at Jtwo days, but hearing where his father lat last, he started off that he might Them on merry Christmas, trusting to Jvhich he had got, a lift on the road for is it of any use for me say that there wn to that Christmas dinner as happy y as any in the colony. The soldier it his battles o'er again, while the father turn, detailed the changes that he had issed. As for the friendly carrier, he nade to stop to dinner, and did ; and id out, long before the grapes had been ten, a most astonishing character. He little wooden dolls for little Martha is clasp knife and a piece of old stick one c -uld whistle Jack Robinson ; new lid on the water butt; and led a milk pan that had been, like its iwner, in the wars. In short, I quesif Christmas day in the old country ihone upon more contented or happy than that Christmas did on the happy in the little cottage in the Australian for, what can people require more ;Ms little party had ?—a sufficiency for outward enjoyment, and stronger and principles within them: the principles th, Hope, and Charity. v . draw up the curtain, Mr. Manager : k lean look upohapantomime, although :sTiONS.—Should a foot-note be written the write toe ? If a man loses his !r arm. does his right arm become the "le' If a wife wants to loosen the nonial knot, should she become untie- Do the corncr men of the house perm * >oncs or banjos ? : lirides likes Horses?—Certainly not ; like the bridal and the alter, but what likes the bridal and the baiter ? EN to Drink.—Water, of course. : worst Sentence in the English Lan- —The sentence of death. IUSICAL.—The staves of a ensk, the " the weary, a bar of soap, the key of a chilly air. : I'astry of the Interior.—The stomach able schoolmaster— "Now then, stupid, the next word ? What comes after ?" Dul] boy—"A mouse, sir." :tical.—Hopeful—" Will breakfastsoon 'dy, mamma ? " Mamma—" Yes, my Hopeful—'• Well, papa, you might lee just now, to save time." laiden lady, being asked why she had married, replied that she had never he man for whom she was willing to three meals a day for forty years. nu»ical gentleman, while performing, rested by fc*o bailiffs, who requested join them in a trio. " I should rather e," said the unfortunate gentleman, wish for ft oatoh." 