"ETERNAL RETRIBUTION. -Toba tempted of the devil is not sodegruding to our .nature, that we should struggle ugaiost the dootrine, - It deepens rather the sympa thy of angels and men, and allows large 100m. for' charitv towards eaoh other, "l'or if a man be the instigator of till the damning orimes and atrocities which darken our world, if they are perpetrated by men unassisted by the devil, we must conclude our own nature to' be totally depraved and demoniacal j we do not rid ourselves of demons, but only claim kindred with them, and forse the conclusion, than which nothing is more terrible, that our race is the most wicked, degraded, and malig nant race of beings in the universe ! Ate yon content to make this accusation Y If so, Christianity is not responsible for it, it is not Christian doctrine. Between the two! belief and unbelief, the hardest' accusers of mankind are not believers. To be tempted of the devil is not to be subject to a power which is irresistible, which is another objection in the way "of : tbia doctrine. Satan is busy to cir cumvent and destroy, but he is not ignorant that to be utterly destroyed and miserable tbesinner mustbavethestihgof deep reproach, tho aching consciousness that liis, ruin has been his own act, and: not another's.. The' whole design of his temptations is, to make men guilty aud to cover their souls with the shame of remorse. But remorse and selt-ac- ousation were impossible if temptation is so strong as to be irresistible. There is no blame can attach to the sinner's conduct, for there is no power to enable him to do right. 7 Sat tin would not attempt, if bo could, to force the human will to the commission ot evil, for he is not ignorant that nothing will aggravate the sinner's doom like this reflection, that power was given him to resist the temptation, and tbs promise was given him of victory. Every man is tempted when he is drawn aside by his own lust and enticed. , It is the evil passions of men concurring with the tempta tion which invites its approach and makes it perpetual. Satan watches the natural hu mours and inclinations of those whom he seeks to bring under his power. Of Judas it is expressly written that he had already coun selled with the chief priests to betray Christ,. Before it is declared that Satan entered into' him, to Btimulate him to the execution of bis task. The same is affirmed of Ananias, that avarice had already prevailed with ' him to keep, back part of the price of the land, before Satan had access to him, to make him lie to the Holy Ghost. The world ' abounds' in re sources to tempt the weak and vicious ; it has pleasure for the voluptuous, riches for the covetous, honours. for the ambitious, instru- me'uts of revenge for the malicious. Satan makes it his study to bring them, together, and will never suffer an evil inclination to expire for want of opportunity to contest his strength; So we learn' from revelation to de fine ;the ; power of "that cruel and malioious spirit, whoBe personality involves tlie fate of The Bible, as well as of ' humanity. To dis pute this truth .is to endanger the whole gos pel; No auch cruel 'falsehood would have been imposed. upon: .the faith of Christians. Jesus waa always kind and sensitive to the errorB and wrongs imposed upon the Jewish people. The spiritual tyranny under which they groaned filled liim witb'in'dignation! ; His sharpest invectives were lavished upon the false teachers who sought to increase the ri gour of the Mosaic creed by. their traditions. With a gentle hand He lifted the yoke from the neck of the people, ' quieting their scru- ples.and releasing them from exactions, fast ings, and forms, which neither they nor their fathers, were able to bear. But the fas tidious clemency which could cover from their sight the terrors of hell aod the . infernal malice of Satan and his' legions, had no place in His teaching.— Churchman's Shilling Maga zine. V.v':; " ' \- "The Savings-bank of. Life.— Sunday is ;GbdV'spepial present to the working man; ahd one'of its chiejf. objhets is to .prolong his £li.fe„.and:to preserve' efficient his woiking tone. -Inithe vital- syetem it; acts ' like a compensa- \- tion pond ; it replenishes 'the spirits/ the elas- 'ticity ' and vigour, which the last' six days' \- ,have. drained away, and supplies tbs force; (.which, is to -fill the six days succeeding. , Iu the economy of life it answers the same pur- pole as, in the economy of income, is apswered by a'Aavihgs-bank. The' frugal man who, puts' aside' a pound to-day/ and another pound fnext mohth/ and who, in a quiet way, is ai rways puttiog by .his stated poiind from time : to time, .when he grows old and frail gets not -'only the satne pounds back:Sgain, but a good many pounds besides. And the conscien- .ltqua man who husbands one day of existence revery .week — who, instead of allowing the \- Sunday to be trampled and torn in the hurry ' ahd scramble of life/ treasures it devcutiy, up U1 find that the " Lord of the SAbbatli " r; keeps it for him, and iu length of days 'antl V.a' hale old age gives . it . back with usury. -'The . savings-bank of human exiBlence' is "the weekly Sunday.' — North British Re view. . . .. . ' It is not at /all advantageous to bo in a great hurry. " Multitudes, : in their . haste to' get rich, are. ruined every year. / The men who do' things maturely, slowly, deliberately, _are „.the' m"eu ; who. oftenest succeed in life. /'People, who are habitually in a hurry have to do things twice over. The tortoise heats the ''hare' ait last. 