A GHOST STORY. If we only learn to fearGod in the right way we should learn, at the same time never to fear anything else. Those who fear God properly are the bravest people in the world. The Bible tells us that ' the wicked flee when no man pursueth, but the righteous i? bold as a lion.' Let me tell how a little girl once got over a great I fright, just by fearing God and having right thoughts about Him. She went to pay a visit to her aunt in the country. While there, she had to sleep in a room by ; herself. Thi3 wjis uot pleasant to her, for at home she always slept with her sifter. One night, during this visit, she awoke suddenly, and saw something white at the foot of her bed. Its head, which she thought she saw as plainly as could be, was turned a little to one side, and was looking at her. Sho said to herself ' it is a ghost, I lira sure it is !' and she pulled the bedclothes over her head. Presently she said to herself, 'well, what if there is a ghost here, is Juot God here too ? nnd does not tbe Bible say that nothing can harm those who trust in Him ? Then she tried to put her trust in God. This gave her courage, and she resolved to take an other look at the white thing. It did look very much like a living thing of home kind. ' Well, if itis.' she thought to herself, I'll speak to it and she cried out, ' who's there ?' The figure did notstir nor answer. There it stood as still and white as ever. ' My fathersnys there are no ghosts,' she said to her self. ' And if there are, what harm is it likely they want to do to me? I'll just put ray trust in God, and He can take care of me.' This thought gave her courage, and made her feel more comfortable. Still there stood the figure, ' I'll know who or what you are,' said tho little girl. 'Mother says frights are worse iu people's fancies than anywhere else.' ! Then she jumped out of her bed and marched straight up to the figure. How many children would have done that? I am afraid some grown people would hardly have had the courage to do this. But this dear child walked straight up to it. And what do you suppose it proved to be ? Why, it was only the moonlight shining through tlie curtains on the wall. ^ How much it did look like ahead with eyes and nose and mouth,' she snld ; and then she jumped into bed a .rain. For a while she lay and looked at it. , But it only looked like moonshine, now, nnd no ghost; nnd she wondered how she could have been so deceived. And that, I dare say, is as much as ghosts ever are — only moonshine . She kept her eye oh the soft sil ver light till she fell into a sweet sleep again.— Dr. New ton. 