FACETLE. A Crystal Ghost-A glass shade. ! Pressed for time-Egyptian mummies. What time by the clock is best for a pun ? A joke takes best when it strikes one. The law does not require a warrant for you to seize an opportunity by whioh to do good. It is all well enough to say, " take things as they come j" but suppose they don't come ? What is the difference between a lady's riding dress and a rabbit in it's burrow ? The one is a riding habit, the other a hiding rabbit. A Philadelphia woman swore that her husband's conduct was enough to " irrigate an angel." "What did you hang that cat for, Isaac?" asked the school-matron. The boy looked up, and, with agrave look, answered, " For mewtiny, marm !" An Indiana girl wanted to see if her lover really loved her, and she got a boy to yell "Mad dög!" as they were walking out. The lover flew over a fence and left her to be chawed up. A woman in New York says that when her husband is a little drunk he kicks her, and that when he is very drunk she kicks him ; and she adds that she does most of the kicking. " Please accept a lock of my hair," said an old bachelor to a widow, handing her a large curl. "Sir, you had better give the whole wig." "Madam, you are very biting, indeed, considering that your teeth are porcelain." "The husband who behaves unkindly to his wife deserves to have his house burnt over his head," said a domestic tyraut to a lady who knew all about him. "Then you ought to keep yours fully insured," was the lady's retort. A new-made minister, having occasion to marry a couple as his first official act, and there being quite an assemblage. present, he determined to strike them dumb with awe, and so, in winding up, he said, " I pronounce you man and wife, and the Lord have mercy on your sinful souls !" The Misery of Short Sight.-" There ! don't you see him ? He's waving his handkerchief now," said a near sighted but sentimental young lady to her companion, as they sat on the hotel balcony. "Monseuse, stupid!" replied the other, "it's the waiter boy shaking out the tablecloth after dinner." She fainted on the spot. A Hartford gentleman who had tarried late at a wine supper, found his wife awaiting his return in a high state of nervousness. Said she, " Here I've been waiting and rock- ing in a chair till my head spins round like a top !" " Jess so where I've been," responded he ; " it's in the atmosphere. '' A Wriukle for WiveB.-It is said to be satisfactorily demonstrated that every time a wife scolds her husband she adds a wrinkle to her face. It is thought that the announce- ment of this fact will have a most salutary effect, especially as it is understood that every time a wife smiles on her husband it will remove one of the old wrinkles. Lady-Killers-Tight stays. A doctor of music -a fiddle D. D. A spirited youth- one dead drunk. If a young man cheats at croquet, the young ladies caress the flange of his ear with a mallet. A man with a nose long enough to pull is never very long a doubt how much fooling around other women his wife will put up with. ' Thomas Towser, are you guilty or innocent of the charge?' said the Judge. 'May it please your honour,' replied Thomas, '1 don't want to commit myself.' * Ah'. said the Judge, blandly, 4 then I'll save you the trouble and do it myself. Sixty days.' Sensible Man.-It is said that a Missouri clergyman has left the pulpit and become a clown in the circus. He gives as a reason that ' three square meals a day and 50 dol. a week are better than 400 dol. per annum, payable in dried apples, hay and old clothes. ' Perhaps there is a lesson for some churches in this little paragraph. 4 Childreu,'asked a Fayette county minister, addressing a Sunday-school, ' why are wo like flowers ? What do we have that flowers bavé V And a small boy in the infant class, whose breath smelled of vermifuge, rose up and made the reply, 'Worms.' And the minister crept under the pulpit chair to hide his emotion. The Western wits now call bigamy Utah-lising the female sex. A gentleman who has recently lost an eye, begs to inti- mate that he has now a vacancy for a pupil. Why should a chimney-sweeper be a good whist-player ? Because he is always following soo). It is exceedingly bad husbandry to harrow up the feelings of your wife, to rako up old quarrels, to hoe a grudge, and to sow discord. Good-nature is a glow-worm that sheds light even in the darkest places. Wisdom is better than physical power. Better to have, Uko Argus, a hundred eyes to see with and only one pair of hands to work with, than like Briareus, a hundred hands to work: with aud only two eyes to see with. How shocking to humanity, to see a picture of religion besmeared with superstition, justice blemished with cruelty and love stained with lust. A COMPLIMKNT.-" Y"ou look aa fine as a hired girl, is now about tho greatest compliment that can be paid a young lady in the rural districts in America. 