The Advertiser FRIDAY, DECEMBER 22. SPAIN is evidentl y not to enjoy a long interval of quiet When, a short time ago, the ex-Queen Isabella was permitted to re- <*> turn to the country of her [?] mis- rale, the enat m, in spite of beraaaeaaa protertatkw not to interfere in political afians, thought to bode bo good. It was wsEflflndted flft tbo ?bbbo cf ft cobbbbbc iM?Cfcwft against the Ufaon^m which, long the Republic and the t*§ef re%s of Am^ had given pranim of • brighter f«tan for that mJiafyj vumMrj. Thorn bus ate endeuuv being ndtwod. B^ as •rticie in the leoestfy GantstatMay it is stated that the "Catholic and Bomb religion is the tetigiaa of the State, ami AallbeeidiuaTdjaai?tained bjit Th? nation undflrtakec to ■—H*" bawonlrip and its miaiaten." «S? one, howvnst, shaU bemoleet<?d orpeneeatedooSaaauli ■oil, ao leog f " Oh article pnxseds to a?y, «a? be feefe within the booada olC*rietiaa morality ffwt no other ffiw nai war pdhfie uaoifeetatioo? than tiboas of the taU^OJi«C the State «bb? be puiUfi" It ■ib ghrinp effect to tUa iaaocaat look-nag article CBK IM pVMBHfr ttQDMICII MHW 4UIMK. Bat let os look at It agmis. Wh?tap«f«ct piece of lejaUanl It ia as elastic m woros am Badse -tt. It a*j meaa Btao ticatty nothiag or aajrthiag^ according to ■-l^i JirwwM^>s ~?.,. AM J J -_J — M jp *YaW? * — ■*- - - preter. Thattha artide end othWa eaaaDj •mh%aoas nigfat be TBnously interfretol was, it appean, pointed oat bjaaou meat bera of die Cortes at the time when the newConatitatio? was being- iliwanji.lwt the Governmeat fpve sack aueazuoee that the law wdbU Moam a rrHftw aad wen aaenced, and the code waayaaaed. It eppeara, howercr, thai this 13ta artiei* is being need as a cover f or every Tariety of official interference and actagcatiom. The aak of Bihiee and I'rotojlant teaeti kac been prohibited as cantauy to lav; aft bills and placard, and nofiaas intimating: the ban* of Divine mantkm m Protestant places of wondiip afiiwtd on doors or walls of each places; and al admtiaaawati in new?papetefoirtiieaaaie'pmpoae are regarded art incompatiMo with tag iatwwsfof la* tt* sarntaaro* of the mUk OutiWf *mm fa™ t*? obliterated, Pwtoataul iMjtiaa have horn ffttwtfjga gmar heaei f*ea edwoi^ia ftinapa, —1 ■f.wg, ia PluHHiwl (%mui ud sehects wwt sot he haasA oataide the ba?dhg. Aayttfay aeate wiwrheaiy" pwly aaa co?fH?fffniv OMHwfc with the aurtaoa of, the Gomaaeaot of * wattnw aianwf a? «ator agaia the tsaaly <t greetStatta. As the flMl jMojrfHHC|l% *-tbe*e mrtd aeto of petty in I JitW excite the ataalu aad despair Ir Ai beat frtwh of flpaht. It ii 4sfioalt to read tee wmiUt *e*tes «Me oat feelo* pH, for a State whh* i owe m itiml, era ia ita iakiimm. CwUhw l^otiy in, indeed, 4^0.4 «Im H em w^?c w oa the flaauis 4 • BU* Bocirtj, ai Im ■ FmMM mhmA be oo?waiad. Kb 41* Spsia «v«b «t * of %fwutwj «^e «och feMb«f te> taMcum nt^Kt km smb Ibvmmjm !■ wJUboot a*f fafiii; bat tkm taOMkriui i IHi ill iiii g i i Tii if i is the neMtHDM Int m>A# •■cli AMip •t kut impolitic,era aS|«a. Xh?«n^ «f fifth" fa that fIMMt eeaatay hai bean aoriowly mat, aad the tMpar of - lane asaane d peo/tM Majhai it impoaathle far the aai dnkel?a^.fowctfallhiMajfa thejhe,to asfif the aodee «f a bygone age foe the con of the eriL Almtdj the eoaswe adopted is (LiiaeaTij ceaeanpd, aad <fl^ qp? popuhritjrf tin Miairtiy itiatt«tM«, «af it is BBdeanrtoed that an attack i?J? I>m| made <m the Oorwimi?at for tbaa iafear- I«4?g with ittifiam fihetty. That the aahjaots of ji^f aannalSaai wiQreoem the aya?pa*hy «T ether coaa tries is certain. Tknmgkoat Euepe the feefiag that afl wtgiou. hafiafc araat he respected has obtained too deep a matter each afolesaaee and faujottf to he passed war qmtAj. U m ■atanl to ceediags haw awakaaed rrnailnihli inaajwtm ia Eaglaad, aar%, oe dcaht, £r? the fact that xoanj cf Ay aahjocta «f pesneatkn are rwaertag wfth Ok^jtik Sooeties. Efetithe m*w wWltliy JSk*^ mentof EartenaJhon hat ant weweulal •ction being tekao on Una aahjasL l^rga and inflamtial dapghaiuM fata waitad upon the Foreign Beeratarjr to taa«e ,ihM to inteafen on behalf of the p^'wrWil fto testants of Una, tiaoa|hlhe already done, bat from later InajaUhia it appears that so ahwtwmwpt of the <nr3a complained of has taken plaoe, the notghla 13th Artide etffl heiag JnHiaiiUjl to the prejudice of Proteatents. Her are the repeated tenuaMbtanees of the Foreign Office likely to he ma* heeded by the present Ifiahtfrj. ««aea? is," as the aafwrfajr JUmern says, "fee pro text for supporting Iheae vesAoaat?aao?S by fo?file jajaaaaj?a, and Coast Tnmiu ■■< UsoaOeagnnwcil kwnr Astthe Esa^ash GoTCro?eat wifl not retaliate hjr parae eafiag Cwlioal MiiaiTia,.* It Is ale? rumored tiat theaflair has o-watiowel aa FateHjaOflboe «ad Bam?f bat what thaee diplonattaeaHaasnsan Gtadyto taaalt hi n h mpoanae to aay« v aoM?sa mbm saeat wffisooa work teevt naaedy by leadoaj etthar to a davaje of IGalitrf or aoaaethxapj mom aerioaa. sQae -ajMbw for which Saaia haa saoo?W MHRMH^ lie prafaafaaigr of this, hewvnr, aleae «as seen to eater iato the headaef the «ay | WHIIMUH CMDEB BBIH^ wSO aBB d|> ; iesseaa of opaasa asawoani fcaajaty^aaa smk ahaieof %aJrtiJ?tary y battfa?aiqt Eag laaaaal sfibaau?ataaa. Viakslaa- «a^aal C a^ft>BMll al -^& m Z m^+ ■aWBUy «tl«bWm^ mm^Ky^ ■awam ■■■■■■ *JK dsVasWHaw every o*ner nHmry ta xsamjMM^iMK pnweet oh a« was va|iaany> Deo AMoaae XOL^he it i ifliiillj,— «fl the ackasiof that aafertoMee bavae baeva liaiidiift JMtotdi?h nil tofaKeseethathiswayi will |a niaHj bii m I maah J aad alwa I aaafcal of hisaa?ae;warthy|iiliiii?i?i that hie nmarchy isoo the h^hraadtoraiathara can he has otne waaaty aad the asaaa ha lesda his twri^T to tbSt fTlbaaaaalaaa policy the aaoaer wut thedajraavw wbmk '^m^J ?jt m i^m^^Jl «^Ba. IB^^^k MH^MW MCVH <■* 4k BM cB^HL SOTw VIVpH V*^ to geoCTi^fa gjttng Mi?Mlmi «i& •dwobaad coOq^a, Hw aMhiialMn?dP Mr. etnihy m^ «*h« A* fMfmi «T diwovciy f vf ■aeoaAa^ obe afllxM ■MMI frata EnwfWiiM, Ist «om|o w w* t? b? detored by <taag«r. B OMMMSrfar ORBHraBS CMnKMB W OBWBC*j W "fIT wticiprtif faeleve ray le^f « faMMM iwcwawMowcgaameiw with Africa. Bb kas given at ft |acta? to dl affHMMW f«tirf«lly d«w?, «Uek Im ■llu?*tfc^ «*u*«i lapMiaM aT ei^niiiii *■ nftai to the interior ef thut fiMt covntrf. AA VMoWMM BMMMM OH|^Mb WBMHqf resting addresses, was that gijren by Com mander Cameron upon the trade of Central Africa. It was natural enough that the magnates of commerce, meeting in St. George's Hall, should.. receive the explorer with loud cheers, and should be gratified by the statement of his belief that com merce and not philanthropy .was going to abolish slavery, and confer upon the people the blessings of civilization. Bat he and they might have fctkea.a less partial view, and one we *hink a'grteat deal nearer the truth, if the opinion had been delivered and endorsed that 'commerce and philan-. tbropy most' go hand in hand to achieve these objgete. : Nay, we have Jihe idea that If the philanthropist? allowed to precede the trader, the civilising process is likely to be men successful and more permanent. What has trade done as yet for the interior of Africa,, cave to intensify, if not actually to create, the accursed (slave traffic? livingstone bad a far greater knowledge of Africa than Cameron, and it makes an Englishman's blood, boil to hear him relate his own actual experiences of the result of trade carried on by Arabs and Portuguese. Of course, if the philan thropy is of the New York Herald type, and the apostles of humanity are armed with elephant rifles " with explosive shells" with which to carry conviction to the minds of the people by illustrating the effect of high-class civilization on the bodies of their "chiefs, it might be a grave question if tiie trader is to be preferred to the philanthropist. But happily there are very few who devote themselves to the difficult and thankless toils of philanthropy in ike particular method adopted by Mr. Stanley, Tfae_Jjade with Central Africa at the present moment consists almost entirely of ivory, beeswax, and blevbs. The only means of conveying the wax and ivory ap pears to be to carry it on men's shoulders, «nd consequently the Arab and Portuguese ■izaders ace compelled to buy slaves in order to. take their commodities' down to the : •coast. Shivery is, therefore, an absolute necessity to trade as atpreaent carried on, The animal man ie the only available beaW of burden. But the days are coming. If | Oamefonls tobe believed, ia which Africa is *? be one of the greatest producing countries. ■ With the introduction of the TCngiiwh trader ! smother era will. : O&er; means of transit will be found. The camel, tiie | mxde, and possibly the llama, will take the place of the slave caravan. No longer will ; the road in certain places be white with, "human bones, the bones of those who have perished on the journey. But the chief hope entertained by Gommander Cameron ! lies in the opening up of the noble rivets, ■ which axejiavigabie to the very centre o j the continent. The Congo on the wesi; and the Zambesi on the east, are almost joined. ! The Congo is said to be "by far tiie largest river of Africa," and to be immeasurably su perior to the Nile for getting into the country. Oommander Cameron goes so far as to say that " a journey of 60 miles by the 'Congo would take a European into the heart.of the continent, while after travelling three or four .thousand miles by the Nile the only result would be for the traveller to find the' Egyptian traders already in. contact with the natives." . An armed force would be necessary in order to proceed further. .The most interesting feature, of Com mander Cameron's address was a pro position with which our readers are no ■doubt familiar, since he., made it to the Boys! Geographical Society immediately after bis return from his perilous journey through Central Africa. He declares that It iB possible to obtain water communica tion from west to east through the middle of the eontment by constructing a canal of some 20 or 30 miles in length across a level country. By this canal the river Congo would be connected with, the head, waters of the Zambesi,... He says that the mouth of the Congo is not difficult of approach, and that though -thef~aav%ation would be somewhat difficult high up, on account of Tocksjafad rapids, yet by the construction of alight tramway of some 30 miles in length and the employment of steamers, con structed in sections, that might be taken to pieces below the rapids and put together above them, every difficulty might be sur mounted. The head waters "of the Congo, as he saw them, were 1,080 yard across, "with three fathoms depth in the dry season, «o that navigation need aot be interrupted; the whole year round..- He said it was pos-* *3>lfi to launch steamers on the great lake /aanganyika, ontLby &eir; means to obtain nearly tihe -whole of the interior trade, ■ '. The trade he considers capable of almost xmlimited .expansion..' The mineral pro* 4ucts axe -various, «ad. e^ensively devel loped. Coal, iron, copper, gold, salver, tinj and duoabar o9- 'farms ~«&te3sl; right into -&& interior %. coffee: grows wUd, and noti -megs are abundant. He had talked, be said, under groves of nutmeg trees 2Qflt?r 900 yaT&infenglii;,%nttio one knew &eir; ■ Tak?. Tradeira;«ared for ivory, a hundred abHsss'^irbrth of which iiiey could purcbise.fo* apwifa4 of Reacts; but since it &c; profit was iiot as great as at fu&t; a^ht appeared. JBft-spolr* -in giowing itarms tit tire future efrCe?twl Africa. Capital aid enterprise .alone -are wanting to make.it a hive of tnrman indufltry,tSkd the abode of a * people -wdald yead% -receive Ibd imf |Jul?e^-4li%Brsckss «VBMl?sais^MaiS?fJi?Sssai?a?S^^^^^^^ Thei-^. t*fae, wi^ c«B Goyerni inentimmto^onboardjarrivedonTaiuradasL DecemberZl. -. -'. . ./■ .. .. . v *J •;. W« hare leceived a ?am?hlefc«othael "The Adelaids «ecularfets, •^fteEeligious Beviewers of their Beplyio the Eev. S. Knight*' The atpamer. Solath Australian started on Xhnrsdayonher frtst trip ion wanplwinwit «f pWstmganV including the «f?vor djA&Mde; (Mr. C. Peacock, J J.). : We are wquesfedto sta> taa* Messrs. John Hill & Cto.^ coaches will cpnunenee to leave thek booking-office on SsJturo.*y? **Bceol- -ber2S,*t noon, e\ch Tins starting loaded. . . .-■ . ■ . Mr. Benjamin Wiltshire "Riplin, *: tto some years since was well known as tfae mastet* of boate trading on T*Vw AlejEandrina an]d Albert, haft "died* suddenly in Victoria. The deceasetLgesitlemanwas a brother of fee Bey. £xeurgQ'a3apl3n 9 *of foilit maclesv; Castn&s; 2W ifesfe-a?fe* for December feas reached üb. This periodical, tdiich is>ub lished in Sydney, is exceedingly well got up, and contains a large quantity of carefully-ar ranged' information, especially valuable to the fanner and gardener. It was recently reported to the police at Blinman that a man, known as Dutch Harry or Harry Bolton, bad been lost on the Teatree Run. It is now about a fortnight since he was last seen, and he has not yet been found. The police are searching for him. He leaves a wife and a young family. A laborer named James Cagney was brought to the Adelaide Hospital on Wednesday night, December 20, with his rightankle pat oat It appears that while walking along the rail way fine from the Burra on Tuesday, he fell down an embankment, about 1§ miles from Farrell's Flat, when a stone fell upon his ankle and caused the injury. We bear encouraging news from the diggings at Sawmill Gully, near Hahndorf. A race 14 feet deep and 500 feet long has been cut from the lower part of the gully up to where Hunt obtained his fine specimens. Hunt's reef has been cat dose to tfie 'Victoria Mine, and not far from the Kangaroo. The prospects ace considered favorable. The Ministry have expressed their wil lingness to fall in with the suggestion of the Government of New South Wales that the conference, as to a duplicate telegraph cable to connect Australia wjth the rest of the world, shall be held in Sydney. It has not yet been decided who is to represent South Australia at this gathering. So dense 8 doefstoran prevailed on Saturday last in the North, that in many places, we are informed, candles had to be used throughout' the afternoon. The mail which leaves Port Augusta for Kanyaka, after leaving TTillochraj while leaving Ragless Plains, en countered the full force of the storm, and the driver, being unable to see, after travelling for about three hours, to hie astonishment found himself near the WiUochra Hotel, the place from whence he had started. When the Commissioner of Public Works was at .Port Pirie lately he looked into a matter which had been pressed on his attention by the residents. We. refer to the question of running the trains along the whole length of Ellen-etreet. The result was that Mr. Cotton saw the wisdom of doing what the Port Pirie people wanted, and on his return to * once gave instructions that the trains should so ran. To this end arrangements ace now being made as expeditaoasly *a possible. By die brig Edith Haviland, which arrived from Western Australia on Thorsday, December 21,. five of the survivors of the wrecked steamer Georgette readied this colony. Six men, four women, and four children, who left the vessel in a leaky boat, and were supposed to have been drowned, landed some 15 miles from Cape Naturaliste the Bame day that they left the Georgette. The narrative of tile escape, as supplied to our shipping reporter by one of the survivors, will be read with interest. "The crops around Stratfcalbyii/' says the Southern Argot of December 21, "art mostly being reaped in now, and we are pleased to learn that in many places the yield has ex ceeded expectations. We have heard of 16 to 20-bushel crops, and some very much lower; but on the whole most farmers are agreed that the season Itasaot beensobadafterall. like most of their kind, many farmers have been making bay, and fears are rife that instead of bay being scarce, there will be a lot to spare, and poor Wapstraw will suffer." A trial of reaping-madunes and winnowers took place in connection with the Gawkr Agri cultural «nd Horticultural Society, on Xhurs* day, December 2L, at Mr. John Riggs'sfaim, near the Gawler Railway Station. There was not much competition, but a good deal of interest . was displayed in the trial by those present. The prizes for reapers were taken by Hr.J.W. Stott, of Alma Plains, and Mr. Alex. McLean, of Gawler Plains, «ad for winuowu?,by Ifosag James Martin & Co, of Gawler, and Mr. W. Slqman, of Nailsworth. We are indebted lo the Superintendent of Telegraphs (Jb-.C.Todd, tj5.G.) for the following:—Captain Crocker, of the steamer Flinders, reports, from Port Augusta— " Passed a vessel ashore f onr miles west of Point Lowly; should think « time-masted vessel, with foremast gone, and stern under water. Was nearly up to the Point when I first saw her, and stood in as close as I could with safety, t)rifc I saw no one moving; nor any signs of any one being about her; It was blowing very hard from the south." The right t>f occupancy of the refresh ment booths on the Racecourse at the forth coming New Year's races, was cold at the Globe Hotel, on Thursday evening. December 21. Mr. Simeon Barnard officiated as auctioneer. The bidding was not 'at all spirited, and the Grand Stand booth was withdrawn from sale, and will be disposed of by private contract. The following are the names of the purchasers and the prices re alised:—Kb. l booth. Mr. Sorrell, £8; No 2 booth, Mr. Sorrell, £7 55.; No. 3 booth, Mr, Ccombs,£7. The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, fine, warm; Strangways Springs, fresh, few clouds; Peaks, overcast, few d^>ps -rain this morning; Char lotte Waters, cloudy, cool; Alice Springs.cloudy> dull; Barrow Creek,elondy, threatening thun der; Teonant Creek, overcast, threatening thun der ; Powell Creek, cloudy, threatening thunder; Daly Waters, clear, fine, thunder yesterday afternoon; clear, fine; Pine Greek, cloudy, dose; Yam Creek, overcast, warm; Southport, cloudy, fine; Port Darwin, fine, hot. The sale of Christmas Gifts was con tinued in the Lecture Hall of the Hinders* street Baptist " Church on Thursday after noon and; evening, December 2L -The attendance during the afternoon -was only ' moderate, bat improved gwafly in the. evening, when sales were pre% briskly effected. As a considerable' quantHy of goods yet remain unsold, it has been determined to continue the sale this afternoon and evening, when it-is hoped the friends of the congregation will attend, and1 tray up thesnrplu? goods, which will be offered at a reduced xate oider to effect a clearance. : ' ■'-'■'■■.' '. Some time back He Border Wete& ex pressed-a hope that when the police had com pleted theirnraesn in regard to the Geltwood wreckage robberies, a Special1 Circuit Court should be arnnged, so that the prisoners should not have a long detention in gaoL It is now believed that though no special Circuit Court will laeaxraaged for, an attempt will be made to change the venue from Mount Gambiar to j Adelaide, If this be done the trials will take ' place a menth earlier than they would if the/ were heard in the South-East, A leading mem ber of Hbe Adelaide bar and a Queen's Counsel has 'been retained to defend the prisoner Ellis. A large number of persons, probably not less ihan 600, went down to the Port ?* Thursday, fey the 2 pjn. train, in expectation of a pleasant trip to Glenelg on board the new steamer South Australian. The decks and saloon of the vessel were so crowded that it wai difficultiomove about, but* notice posted at the head of the companion caused great dh> -appoihUnent te many a would-be excursionist. It was to the effect that the Fairy having gofce off to the wreck of the Postboy there would fee no chance of landing atGlenelg. Gonsequeatfy 'the visitors had to clear out, and the none vessel cast off from the wharf, and steamed f down the river about half-past 3 o'clock, with a jaucn smaller complement of passengers man ha^been expected. She was loudly Peered as she ta.~? k her departure. The fiX. 1* «nnual meeting of the membeps of Hie Nwwbt^dinetitnte washeldinthelnstitufce Building, Norwood, on Thonday evening, De cember 21. Tseng was a good attendance, aad Mr. E. T. Smith, M.F. (president) occupied the chair. The following officen and members Of committee were elected for the ensuing year :— President. Mr. E. T. Smith, BLF.j vice- pre- : siderit, Mr. S. D. Glyde, J.P.; treasurer, Mr. W. Gooch; hon. secretary, Mr. K. St. Barbe- Miller j committee, Messrs. John Jewell, 2hd?. Pitman, L. H. Sholl, Jno. Coekburn, T. C. Pearson, W. H. B. Keaxn, W. EL Abbott, Job. Jackman, and Jas. Coombs. A vote of thanks was given to tiie officers for their past feerVuaa, and rules for the purpose of affiliating the institution with the patent institute in Ade laide were adapted. The Hon. 3. Cfttr, Commi?ssioner of Crown lands, accompanied by (lie Surveyor- General, returned to Adelaide on Thursday, December SI. They left town on Tuesday morning, and going by way of Eudnnda, reached Point Pass, where the Commissioser saw several selectors and inspected a number of crops, which are vary light, and almost an entire failure. On Wednesday the Commissioner and Mr. Goyder went by the Murray Flats to Troro, and then on to ;Sedan by way of the Dust holes. The crops at Sedan, which have been sown on thin soil on top of limestone, are very poor, and are described as failing. The rainfall in this district has been very light. From Sedan they returned to Adelaide by Cook's Hill, Tungkillo, and Mount Pleasant. What crops j have been sown aboutGumeracha are very good. In the Hundred of Neales the crops, although light, are better than those at Point Pass and Sedan. Not long ago the Local Board of Main Boads, Central District, adopted, at the earnest request of the inhabitants of Glenelg and its neighborhood, a direct line of road from Tapley's Hill to Port Adelaide. At a meeting of the board held on Thursday, December 21, a letter was read from the occupier of two sections through which the road will pass, asking the board to fence it with a eheepproof fence, other . wise he would object to its being opened. The writer stated that he understood when he took the property that the West Torrens District ~ Council would thoroughly fence the road before ' opening it. Mr. A. HaUefct, J-P-, the chairman of the board, said when the board wereaskedtb adopt that line of mad they distinctly under stood that the road was open, and'that they had Dotting to but erect a few bridges. These remarks were endorsed by the other members. Mr. W. H. Gray, J.P, chairman of the West Torrens District Council, «aM the deputation never wished to convey thatimprassion* Whs* he had said was that the road would ba passable if bridges wen made. Nothing wasaaMabodb fencing. The board strongly objected to have anything to do with fencing; and if tine council will not take the matter in band there seem 4 probability of the sew route being disoarded for the old one. little could be done with regard to raking Owe Postboy on Thursday. The signs of Hie previous evening indicated that a strong breeze was approaching, which the early morn ing fully verified. Outside, the sea had risen to a heavy roll, ami although the experiment was tried of Bending the diver (Mr. A.Otham) down a few tunes, he found it impossible to atay there; the crafts afloat were surging aft heavily tint he could hardly keep below. The foretopmastof the craft has bea? carried away (probably by the Bimbeta Annie), and the gear of course is adrift, but from a casual observation the diver reports that the hull is sound, and the schooner almost on an even keel, not working* but lying easily, without any strain. Until the weatner somewhat moderates, and allows opera tions to commence in earnest, little can be looked for in the way of news. The sails and gear wen distinctly visible through the dear water, and although the wind had risen, aad brought up a corresponding sea, the hull of the vessel remained almost motionless, with her ballast acting as a counterpoise to the set of the sea. As soon as the vessel was reported as lost, the supposed posi tion was on the fishing grounds abreast of Glenelg, and the next day the fishermen en deavored, by hanging anchors or grapnels over their stem three fathoms deep, to find bat whereabouts as they were fishing; but she lies from seven to eight mfltes off shore, aad as they were considerably inside that distance, they were disappointed in their search. Wind ana sea are the only opponents to raising the craft early above water, and these will probably soon give way to calmer weather,when there will be no'difficulty in towing her into shallow water or taking bar to dock. That there are some smart fellows amongst sailors is proved by an incident which occurred during the passage of the Clyde from Plymouth. On October 17 the ship was in 9? Btf north, 18? west, with aU sail act to a bree?e,and goingat seven knot? per hour, when one of the immigrants, Michael Moleneuz, who had scrambled, against orders, over the bows, and was fishing, suddenly lost his hold and fell overboard, but being observed by a seaman named James Kelly, who saw at a glance that the poor fellow could not swim and was in imminent danger, he without hesitation taok a header after him, and in lass time than it takes to write had collared his man. The alarm had set the people on deck on the qua tive, and a youngster, who was engaged at work on the poop, seeing the state of affairs, seized a lifebuoy, which he pitched overboard, and taking with him another j Sprang to the rescue. By this means he not only supported himself, but was enabled to take i the first thrown buoy to the men in the water* j Simultaneously the helm of the ship was j jammed bard down, and the qnarter-boatfe crew were immediately at stations. - Fortunately the boat was fitted withClinVx^spatenthrwering ap paratus, and the fall being cut, the boat drooped away clear of the ship, was pulled rapidly to wards the men, and toe rescue was oomnjptedt It was -computed that in twelve minutes tba party were back on board the ship. So m«eh admiration was tfeown for the gallant conduct of Ac men tiiat a *nbsarjpBon the people soon realised £8, whiqh -was placed in the master's hands to purchase for the men « memento of 6? darmg conduct which, so promptly taken* resnMeoVte saving the life of the man. Probably the Marine Beard wi? see & to racommeiwj fbe gallant fellows to the notice of the Soyal Humane Society. TheyoangsterMcFieisanAdelKdeaa, being the eon of Captain McFie, who many years back commanded the steamer Havilah, when that vessel was & regular trader between; this colony and Melbourne. ' A public meeting in connection with the South Australian Baptist Missionary' Society was held in the Baptist Church, Norwood, on Thursday evening, December 21. There was a small attendance, and the Bey. EL J. Lambert (pastor of the-thnrch) occupied the chair. ■ The Rev. ILlioyd, of Alberton, OomspondingSfltte tary'for the Society, read some interettinf extracts from letters from uwdmro in the mis sion-field at Furreedpore. The Bey. Silas Mead, LLB, then gave a description of Vtoreedpore, which he said was a district situated about 100 miles from Calcutta. He visited the spot Borne time ago, and accomplished the journey from Calcutta to Farreedpore m a day, nearly the whole of the travelling being done by raiL The District of Farreedpore contained about one million of inhabitants. The chief town was also called Farreedpore. The inhabi tants bad their own courts, judges, and also tiieir own way of collecting the revenue. Tba country was sat, teeming with rivers, and most of the trade was carried on by means of boats. The district was exceedingly poor. The society had now five men eagagedprtaching the gospeC but these could not be expected to do a great deal in such a huge field for SBiaMOHary enter prise. It was an understood thing in India when one society or denomination took to a dis trict it was not interfered with by other societies, and with* wry small exception there were no agents at Farreedpore beyond those «v™? «h_ cu^*i. —t—i;^: feij-^^ laj^iTwi-j Society. Thisorfonywasthei^orer?Spooaible fortheconveraion of this miUionofpMpklM denommatio?. had undertaken to wad £909 eveixyeartoFurreedpore. Tbe Baptist aaem bttOap in Sooth Austatlia was about thewtme «?the Ciongregationalists, and about thasame or rather laonw than Ac Prssbyteriaiu, m* yet each of these denotninatiami i n'm\i\ doable tiw amount that the Baptists did. and aspana% with much more ease. Instead of tSSmA^ raismg£aooitwoghttoraMeatleaat£i*7tte thought that it would be a wise tfcuas & *• churches would recognise Otis great work, aad give a tenth of their inane to evangelistic efforts, as missionarj work had a elatm an tfaair resources. He eamesay exhorted all to assist in the matter. After a abac* address by the K«v.li.G. Carter, the proceedings closed with the usual devotional exercues. A meeting of the sabecribere to Oe funds of the Glenelg Institute was held at the Pier Hotel, Gienelg, on Thursday evening, December 21. The attendance wasonlymode^ rate. Mr. K. A. Wright occupied the chafe Mr. J. Lee, eeoretary, read a report, which after giving the names of the five trustees ap pomtexL to whom the property was transferred, I stated tint, on August 28, it was resolved, at a meeting of the general committee, v That if the Corporation of Gtenelg should offer «o the committee the prooeeds of the sale of the half acre block at Miller's Comer, in consideration of the trustees of the institute {conveying the institute land to them as trust***, and lie corporation bang provided with sufficient accommodation for corporation busmass, that the offer be accepted subject to terras to be made with gentleman to be appointed by this nw*?ng to make eirangements with the corporation." The gentlemen were appointed, and the accom modation tojbe made for the corporation was decided on. At a meeting of the committee held November 8, 1675, roles were adopted, and the 20th provided—"That the property of the institute shall be vested for tin use and benefit of its members, in the Cor poration of the town of Gtenrig." A transfer from the original trustees to the corporatkm, was prepared and signed by three of the trustees, the other two being in Inland. On applying to the Minister of Agriculture and Education for the £1,000 for the Government grant, a declaration was made that the property wa« vested in tte corporatica. The maaey was then paid. The other trustees when they retaiMdfrom?Dglandrefa?edtoeignthetrans ferrfthetrustdeed. Asthosetwogeatkaenbad nocaigacd, he ted neei««A * letter firmn Urn corporation demanding the repaymant of the fSeOpaidonaeeountrfthesaleof land. Under time ciroumstHMes the pmenft mwtiag bid beencaUed. Mr. W. Hair said he had been ap pointed a trustee, and Hue wad had baen ob tained irasnithe Qovttrnmfwt and TMtefl into* co-brwAeet and himseH. He left the «*ony, and on his retnraio?nd that the trostbad been tn?afnredtothe esrparation. Be abo heard that UflQO was to be nlred oa the boildinc the oldtrnsteas, not being eonsuMedabout it, he had fodged a aveat^ m thj* ao fresh certificate i oftitiecoukl be issued. The qaestion lor titem i to decide was whether the old trustee* ahnuid not «arry out the work they were appointed to do. He thought that thTYoUowing resolntion, which be piopesed. would ssMe the matter in a satisfactory manner;—" That the present five Trustees of the Glenelg Institute, vat. Sir Jcfa? ; Mbrphett, Bern. B. Field, MJL, C. Maotfaorpc I Mean. W.E. Wigley, Mf 4 tad W. Mair, jjr\ oontianetoact as trustee*, aad that in consider ation of the moneys received froai the Corpor ation of Gfanetg. if they should apply to to tnad^ trustees in co?Joactioa with the present tmstees, their request be complied with, aa* appiwed at the present neetisg of the sob- i strikers to the fund* of the iaaift?te." Mr | Wigley seeanded, and several stisiiws tap- \ ported the resota^an^rideb was csnisd. The' report presented by Mr. Las m adopted, and the meeting after a desultory dtamaWabiMt ! finance closed. , An entertainment wbs erven in the Bible 1 Christian Chapel, Mrfchani, on W«6Wday«T«r- | ing, December 30, in aid of the chapel faads. Mr. M^H. Madge oc«q^ the chafcT«dd*. i livmda abort address. The Ym?m% stiiil iboii ! rendered snttabtepwcM ia styi*. and recitatmis ann anuji wanaab/^irca by ladiat : andgentiemen. Hiss ffinhanls fi siilnl ■! tin : Km'WMMjofw in mft mmwii^^^^ BUUIUBf. i The I^DchFamiiyof BeUriuvei?iwtumed \ to Adelaide on Thatnday aftaasoon, after a wry uiKMMiful piwimiial tow. As we have pr«- i viously annoaanwl, the aempaaj open for a abort season of ■« nights at thelm Halloa BexngNight. Tbebelbia«en?av««i&thea; Mr. FimnkVcrten, a tenor vocalist aaddaaaw; who wfll en that oooasion make bis fint appaar anee in Adelaide. A number off ladies and centleinsn n?t at 1h« Destitute Asylmn December 21, and entertained the fauaates witti a Chri?tmas concert. A lengthy programme was gone throagfa, in which the followiiig ladies and gentlemen contributed songs. Ice. Mcs dames Bherring,Bparkman,Monran, and Nash, Messrs. Fawoett, Nash, Monjaa, sod flhsirhm The Bey. F. 8. Poole, MA, presided, and at the conclusion of tiw progaumne made a few remarks on "Batamat Amusement.'' The entertainment concluded with a hearty expres sion of thankfulness from the inmates for the great kindness displayed by those who had con tributed to their enjoyment. The Theatre Royal was moderately well attended on Thnrsday evening, December SL The programme of the previous evening was repeated to the gnat satisfaction of the audi ence, who were by no means sparing of their applause. The singing of Mr. and Mrs. Kmpsou, as usual, was well received, and the entranced lady excited great wonderment. The charm ing of Madame. Silvester evoked j unequivocal marks of approbation, whilst Miss j Daisy Silvester in her exceedingly clever bur lesque impenonations of "Men of the tame" caused considerable amusement. The ghost ' dramettarf^hri?toa? fieUs," wife fits start with the mipl'wiHHiiH'.wiMc name concluded the entertainment. 