THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL. THE FOREIGN POLICY OF ENGLAND. "Some of the Russian journals," says the Pall Mall Budget of March 31st, have lately been discussing the foreign policy of the English Government. The Russian Mir sees in the activity of Mr Disraeli's Government a feverish radicalism such as England has not witnessed for a long time on the part of her Ministers. A series of bold and in the highest degree practical measures, it says, restores to England the important political life which Englishmen had forgotten during the Minis y of Mr. Gladstone. At present, England alone of the European great powers deals clearly and con- sciously in conformity with her interests ; the other powers content themselves with putting forth innocent diplomatic notes, and timidly abstain from all positive action. Without risk of war or any in certain sacrifice, England has laid her powerful and upon the international road which connects Europe with Asia and in part with India. At the same time she fortifies Malta, the central station of the Mediterranean, increases her land and sea forces, and strengthens her influence at Constantinople and Cairo. In the meantime, the Russian Mir asks, what has Russia done towards approaching nearer to the Bosphorus, which naturally has greater importance for her than the Suez Canal has for England The bestowal of the title of Empress upon the Queen is cited by the same journal as a further proof of Mr. Disraeli's radical policy, but it asserts that there is no ground for regarding that title of constituting a strongerbondbetweenEnglandandlndia, The eleva- tion of India to the rank of a special empire can only tend to the weakening, not to the strengthening, of the English power in that country. The Golos publishes an article in which it says Russia and England are no rivals in Central Asia. They have common interests. No reasonable man in Calcutta thinks of the possibility of a Russian attack on the East Indies. It is to the interest of both states to cool fanaticism, and not to inflame it to disarm the Central Asiatics, and not to place arms in their hands. If Asiatic barbarism gains the preponderance over European civilisation, the English would be expelled from India as Russia would be from Central Asia, The Golos recommends, as it has done before, friendship between England and Russia. Now, as the East Indies have received a new Viceroy, the best occasion offers itself. On the day when a friendly embassy from Aide-de-Camp General Kaufmann to Lord Lytton, or vice versa, shall pass through the steppes between Tashkent and Peshawur, Asiatic Mahommedanism will understand that it has not to do with two nations hostile to one another, but with one European power composed only of two amicably related representatives, Russia and England." DREADFUL MURDER AT BELFAST. [From the Times, March 30.] One of the most barbarous murders ever committed in the North of Ireland was the subject of a prosecution which terminated on March 28, in a conviction and sentence of death. The advocates of temperance will find in this case an example of evils of drunkenness, the increase of which has given so much concern to the judges at the assizes. John Daly, the prisoner, was a coal-heaver, residing in Belfast -in one of the wretched houses occupied by the working classes with his wife and a daughter aged 11 or 12 years. On the 14th of September last he quarrelled with his wife and turned her out of doors. She went for shelter to the house of her aunt, Margaret Whitley, who lived in an adjoining court. On the following morning she returned with her aunt to her husband's house, and got in by inducing a boy to climb in through a window and open the door, which the prisoner had locked when going out to his work. On his return, about 12 o'clock he turned them out again, and taking some articles of clothing with him, pawned them for drink. He gave the key to his daughter, who let her mother and aunt in. The latter had taken drink and lay down on the bed, and refused to leave, though warned not to remain. In the afternoon Daly returned, and finding her there ordered her to get up. She obstinately refused to stir, and then, seizing a stool, he beat her with it in a savage manner until he broke it, inflicting indescribable wounds on her, which killed her on the spot, His daughter saw him through the door striking her, and ran away to give the alarm. A child of the murdered woman tried to get in, but found the door locked, and nothing further was done till the next morning, when a factory girl going to work found the naked body of Margaret Whitley lying in an adjoining court, and gave the alarm to the police Some articles of dress were found near her, on which were stains of blood, and a room in the prisoner's house, in which there was scarcely an article of furniture, was also stained, and a quilt was saturated with blood. A piece of stick, with a nail projecting at the end, which no doubt formed part of the broken stool, was also found, and had evidently been the weapon used by the murderer. Though there were several wounds on the unfortunate woman's head, they were not sufficient to cause death, but there was a horrible gash in the lower part of the abdomen which had evidently caused it. The only defence offered for the prisoner was that he was driven to madness by drink, and had received provocation. Some of the jury who convicted him recommended him to mercy on this account, but all did not join in the recommendation, and Baron Fitzgerald, in sentencing him to be executed on the 28th of April, held out no hope of any mitigation of the sentence. CRUELTY TO A CHILD. [From the Times, March 31.] At the Bristol Quarter Sessions on March 30th, Mrs. Sophia Batten, a widow, living at Clifton, was charged with cruelly ill treating her servant, Caroline Huddleston. The evidence for the prosecution showed that in May, 1890, the defendant, in company with Major-General Macpherson, who was said to be her and, took up her abode at Ramsgate and was there delivered of a female infant. It was registered as Caroline Sophie, child of Phillip Huddleston, a Lieutenant in the Indian Native Army, and Sophie Huddleston. About four years afterwards the child was sent to a boarding school at East down Park, Kent, where she remained until she was 12 years old. During that period was married to a Mr. Batten, by whom she had a son. Mr. Batten died in a lunatic asylum, and after his death the girl left the boarding school and took up her abode with Mrs. Batten at Derby. For the first six weeks she was under the prisoner's care she was treated with great kindness, and told to call the accused aunt, ; but after that period she was subjected to much ill- I usage, was treated as a servant, beaton, kept without food, and told she was no relation, and was only kept out of charity. Mrs. Batten subsequently removed to Clifton, where she continued her ii', treatment of the girl, who twice ran away from her to escape her cruelty. The child declared that she would have been starved had it not been for the kindness of the servants, who gave her part of their food. She stated that she had been forced to sleep in a passage all night, to dig in the garden at an early hour in the morning, to sweep chimneys, and to do household work beyond her strength. She also alleged that she was never allowed to sit down, and had to take her meals and do large quantities of plain sewing while standing upright. The girl's testimony was corroborated by servants who had been in the prisoner's service, and the medical evidence went to show that the child's health had been permanently injured. There was a curvature of the spine, and the chest protruded, those deformities being attributed to the girl's continually being kept in a forced erect posture. Though 15 years and 10 months old, she weighed only 681\. The defence was that the girl's story was grossly exaggerated, and witnesses were brought forward who stated that in their presence Mrs. Batten treated the girl kindly. The jury found the prisoner guilty upon three counts in the indict- ment. The Recorder, in passing sentence, said the child had been reduced from a state of perfect health and vigour to a premature old age, to a state of health which would be almost worse than death to her, by the prisoner's cruel and inhuman treatment. He sentenced the defendant to 15 months' hard labour. The sentence elicited loud cheers from a large crowd. MORMON EMIGRATION TO NEW MEXICO, [From the New York Times, 1st April.] The Times Salt Lake correspondent professes to disclose the details of an intrigue under which the Mormons are arranging to abandon Utah to take 1 possession of New Mexico, and thus get into the Union under the bill for its admission as a State. The correspondent says that initiatory steps have already been taken, and in a short time several thousand Mormons will start for New Mexico. In a general way this movement has been on foot for a considerable time, but nothing occurred to excite suspicion till July last, when S. B. Axtell, late Governor of Utah, and well-known as standing high in the favour and confidence of Brigham Young, was transferred to the Governorship of New Mexico, in which capacity he is enabled to pull the wires and manipulate the schemes of the Mormon Church among the Indians and Spanish people of that territory. Immediately on reaching his new field of operations, Axtell began his work, and soon after signs began to appear indicating that something suspicious was in the wind. Several Mormon elders were secretly despatched to New Mexico to reconnoitre the country and begin the work of proselytism among the superstitious natives. These went by the Colorado river, and, it is thought, interviewed the Indian tribes on the way. They went to the southern portion of New Mexico, where they are understood to have located and to be actively at work. About the same time the authorities of the church here became suddenly impressed with the manifold beauties and importance of the Spanish language, and orders were given to all the young priests to begin its study, and it became at once a leading branch of instruction in the schools. The Book of Mormon was translated into Spanish, and disciples went vigorously to work study- ing it. Preparations were next made to gain possession of large tracts of land in New Mexico by the purchase of some Spanish grants outright, and of interest in others. The Legislature of New Mexico, under dictation of this "ring" of speculators, recently passed a law by which District Court can order the whole of a grant to he sold at public auction upon such notice as it sees fit, upon demand of any one of the parties in interest, no matter how small that interest may be. By this means all these grants are to be forced to a sale for cash, and, as titles are in an unsettled state and most of the papers and records are in the hands of the " ring,' there can be little competition in bidding, and lands will be obtained at nominal figures. It is arranged that Brigham and his apostles are to furnish most of the money to pay for the lands. They will take possession immediately under colour of the Territorial law, until certain bills now pending, introduced by the delegate from New Mexico, S. B. Elkins, for confirmation by Congress a large number of these claims, can become laws of the United States. The bill for the admission of New Mexico as a state is also to be pushed to its passage under the pressure of a strong lobby interested in land speculations. This bill gives to the Governor, Chief Justice, and United States Attorney unlimited power in fixing the time of election, notice to be given, qualifica- tion of voters and manner of holding election for the selection of members of the Constitutional Conven- tion. In case of its passage several thousand Mormons will be at once hurried into New Mexico in time to vote at this election and to overcome the present vote, which is understood to be largely against the state project. The correspondent was also assured that influential personages in Washington are interested in the scheme on the basis of a " day " from the proceeds of sales of lands to the Mormons, who, by getting possession of land grants, will control nearly all the valuable land in the territory, and can exclude gentiles by refusing to sell them any, Furthermore, the bill for admission provides that the territory may come into the Union at once upon adopting the Constitution without further action by Congress, and therefore these people can make a Constitution which will render them almost an independent sovereignty. Under the plan of keeping out gentiles as mentioned, judges and juries will be entirely under the control of the Mormons, and we shall be confronted with the spectacle of despotism unequalled this side of Turkey. If the scheme succeeds it will turn New Mexico wholly over to the followers of Brigham Young, and the long-sought kingdom of Mormon will at last be established under the authority of the Government of the United States. Its success is considered certain by the faithful here, so much so, that if the State Bill for New Mexico passes the House, I am assured emigration will commence at once, and go on without cessation until the necessary number have occupied the territory. MISCELLANEOUS. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the North German Gazette writes that the Czar appears very happy to have his daughter, the Duchess of Edinburgh, once more with him. His pleased demeanourisgenerallynoticed. Fathoranddaughter are seen much together in public. They take daily drives together, and have, among other things, visited various girls' schools, in the conduct of which the Duchess takes a lively interest. In the Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice, an order was made on April 5th for the release of the Franconia, which had been arrested at the instance of the proprietors of the steamer Strathclyde and the owners of the cargo on board that ship. It was arranged that £3 per ton and a certain amount for costs should be paid into court as security in respect of the suits instituted on behalf of the owners of the Strathclyde against the owners of the Franconia in a sum of between £00,000 and £70,000. Divers are at work salving the cargo of the Strathclyde. A hostile encounter has occurred between M. I Feuillade and M. Ollivier. The former, aged 33, is the son of the late colonel of Engineers, aide-de-camp to Marshal Vaillant ; the latter, who is nine years younger, is also of good family, and served as a sub-lieutenant of lancers during the war, The cause of the quarrel (says Galignani) was a woman, the sister of a danseuse at the Gaiety Theatre, and the duel was fought at a short distance from Longwy, just across the frontier of Luxembourg. The combat was long and determined, and three times the seconds intervened to allow the adversaries to take rest at the fourth attack each adversary made a thrust without attempting to parry ; M. Feuilrhado received a wound in the side, while his sword point entered the breast of M. Ollivier, above the nipple, and reached the heart, killing him on the spot. The parties returned to Longwy by the carriage in which they had left in the morning, and where the body of the unfortunate gentleman was embalmed. His funeral has since been performed at Maisons Alford, near Paris. The Journal de Charleroi reports an extraordinary accident as having occurred at Ardennes, near Namur, to the express train from Cologne to Paris. After leaving Ardennes the engine ran into a cart laden with gunpowder that was crossing the line at the moment. The shock caused an immediate explosion, and the train is stated to have been lifted completely off the line and settled down again on the rails. All the carriages were more or less damaged, the glass windows being destroyed, and the curtains burnt. The smoke produced by the explosion was so great that the employes at first imagined that the engine itself had exploded. It appears that the cart, which was laden with three barrels of gunpowder, had incautiously been allowed to cross the rails at the moment the express was due. The driver of the cart and the horse were both seriously injured, the cart being smashed to fragments. The windows of the adjoining houses were also destroyed. Strange to say, the passengers in the train all escaped serious injury, whilst the carriages had the appearance of having been on fire. Thirty survivors from the Strathmore arrived at Rangoon by the Childers, which received them from the American whaler Young Phoenix. A telegram received late in March says that most of them are progressing favourably. Jackson, one of the sailors, however, is frost-bitten, and John Nickolls con- sumptive. Mr. Charles Wordsworth and Mrs. Wordsworth are well. The third officer, carpenter, and cook of the Strathmore have arrived at Southampton. Signor Rossi was to make his first appearance before an English audience in Italian, at Drury Lane Theatre, on April 10. His opening piece was to be Hamlet. Signor Salvin has appeared in Edinburgh in Othello, and has had a cordial reception. He comes to London early in the summer. It is said that efforts are again being made to secure the appearance of Madame. Ristori, Signor Salvin, and Signor Rossi in the same play. The plays [ spoken of are Macbeth, with Salvina as " Macbeth," I Mdme. Ristori as " Lady Macbeth, and Rossi as "Macduff"; and Hamlet, with Salvini as "Hamlet," Ristori as the "Queen," and Rossi as the Ghost." The steamship Octavia, which was captured by a Spanish man-of-war near St. Thomas's, has been released. She was suspected of having arms and ammunition for the Cuban insurgents, and before she was released her master furnished Sir William Grey, the Governor, with security against her acting in any way illegally. . 