Music and the Drama. The facts not otherwise lian here set down.-SHERIDAN KNOWLES. Tira Exhibition Concerts, if music discoursed amid so many other unmusical sounds can be fairly designated " concerts," were largely attended during the short timo of their existence. Mdlle. St. Clair was the only " lady" vocalist, and far her excellent singing received the usual signs of gratified pleasure. Mr. Andrew Fairfax is so well known as a popular balladist, that reference to his stylo or ability are here unnecessary, and his efforts were fully appreciated by the generous public. The bands, under tho couductorship of Mr. \V. G. Broadhurst, played a large variety of excollent music, with varied degrees of excellence however, throughout the evenings devoted to th« concerts. M. De Croix, by his wonderful tight-wire walking, fairly ' astonished all who watched his ascents and descents with breathless attention. Nothing could exceed tho coolness and steady step of this clover young colonist. His final triumph consisted in his performance on the single wire, not thicker than a piece of whipcord, and on which ho stands, advances and rotircs with the same ease and graco as upon the larger rope. Immense applause follows tho termination of this very extra ordinary feat, and Blondín must look well to his champion's laurels or they will bo his but for a short period longer. The company at the Victoria Theatre aro still attracting largo audiences to their performances, although from what I have heard and read, and I am very loth to believe all that I havo read, concern ing them, they have not been as successful with "Fra Diavolo," or Mr. Miers as was nnticipatpd. Circum stances will alter cases, and " Lo here the gentle lark " hops in. " Girofle and Girofla," " La fille de Madame Angot," with its grand quarrel duet be tween Miss Clara Thompson and Miss Jennie Winston, assisted in other scenes by Ange Pitou and tho merry-eyed Pomponnet on Thursday night, fol lowed by Miss Emilie Melville's charming represcn I tation of La Perichole, on Saturday, have eclipsed tho attractiveness of "Zerlina," or "Maritana," even with J. E. Kitts as the King of Spain. Spain bas, however, ' had many a worse king than Mr. Kitts as a business manager. On Wednesday the grand extravaganzaistic opening of the Melbourne Christmas Pantomime was presented in a style of great theatrical magnificence, and the combination of artists in its performance won for it undiminished success. Tho pieco must be bad indeed that could not succeed with Miss Emilie Mel ville, Miss Clara Thompson, Miss Jeannie Winston, Miss Alice Wooldridge, Mrs. J. H. Fox, Mr. Bracey, Mr. Tomoleton, and that Hercules of Fun Mr. George Leopold, to support the prin cipal characters. Probably I may be able to say " what I say I saw*' respecting this " Little King Pippin," and if Politeattentiono be among the " wishes" in the Cap of Fortunatas, Courtuoso will find him out. You could not " Habbe" or " Setright" more beautiful scenery than in " Fortunatus," while the music no man could ex "Zelman," please breathe easy, for appro priate selections, either major or minor, while each member of the augmented orchestra is fully able to "fulfil all the conditions" of tho score allotted him. Mersrs. Bown and Co. throw the most brilliant lime light rays upon the " elnborace and mechanical effects of Mr. F. Smith; 'tis "Smith" in tho b'-ll, and his staff. Mr. Henry Bracey said, brace he could, and did, the whole extravaganza together for public presentation, and it is now au fait accompli. At the Theatre Eoyal Signor Eduardo Majeroni ful filled his engagement as the " Old Corporal," and took his "benefit" and farewell of the Sydney public on Saturday last. The Signor's performances drew very good houses during the week, and his intense acting deserved tho praise awarded it by all. On Monday : night Mr. G. D. Chaplin again attracted a large and : very attentive audience to witness his masterly repre- : sentation of " Hamlet." In this he is undoubtedly at i his best, so far as I have seen him in Shaksperian ¡ characters, though I must confess to surprise to witness . his letting fall his sword as he follows the Ghost upon ] the platform, only to find himself without it 1 when calling upon Horatio and Bernardo to " swear i by my sword." This is so manifestly absurd that 1 taking it for an accidental dropping the first time, I '. refrained from mentioning it to this judicious actor, i Tho manner of holding tho sword by its braid is also 1 an innovation not an improvement. In other respects i Mr. Chaplin's performance is remarkably-good. On ] Tuesday night he appearpd in an antipodean character ' regarded artistically, that of " Lord Dundreary " in 1 " Our American Cousin." In this conception she realises ¡ Dundreary to a tolerable largo degree, and amuses : immensely by his assumption of the inane lord. His 1 " widdles" and his want of wit, being received with I i great laughter, while his "hoppy" gait and really ' I capital attempts to sneeze, were irresistably funny. His i exquisite lordship would not however have been contented ] ! to wear tho same dressing-gown in and out of doors, j and it must have fitted lum better too or Mr. Southern ' is no authority. I am glad to bestow a word of praise ] upon Miss Chambers for her well performed Georgina. -\ Mr. W. J. Holloway, as Asa Trenchard, gave a very fair 1 rendering of " Our American Cousin," but it wan from 1 an English point of view only Still, with the ex ception of that manneristic, putting of tho hands be hind him, it was a carefully well played part. Mr. J. G. Joyce was an excellent performer of Sir Edward 1 Trenchard, and Miss Tilly Andrews, as Florence i Trenchard, played with much grace and effect. Miss ¡ Maggie Oliver, exhibited much natural dica- 1 city hi the character of Mary, and wore her hair a la ; helmet plumo with becoming effect, especially for a < dairymaid. Miss Oliver was encored in tho ' pretty song in the farm yard scene. Mr. : West, as Murcott, gave much effect to this : disagreeable character by tho touches of nature he con trived to throw into it. In such characters, Mr. West is always at home. Mr. William Andrews as Binney, was a perfect specimen of the puffed-up flunkey suffer ing from a plethora of " aitche«." Thc cast was com plete in other respects, and the scenery was good, with the exception of tho familiar heavy-panelled doors which are not effective. Tonight, Saturday, an entire novelty is to be produced, introducing us at once to Shakespere's elegant comedy, " As you like it," and to Mrs. Scott-Siddons, of whom report speaks as being a most beautiful woman and accomplished actress. Mr. G. D. Chaplin is engaged to play with Mrs. Scott-Sid dons, who is, I am told, a lineal descendant of the great Mrs. Siddons herself, and inherits no small portion of that genius which has immortalised ¿he British Queen of Tragedy. Wilson's Mammoth Circus, after a most successful season, has been temporarily closed, with a view to its renovation after tho late heavy rains, and re- opening as a grand hippodrome. Mr. John Wilson is sparing no expense to make the hippodrome worthy the crowd of artistes in his company, and to afford room for even moro astounding performances than any whichbaveyet been witnessed in tho mammoth arena. FIGARO. 