THE AMERICAN CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION. [From our Special Correspondent.] Philadelphia, June 13. THE AGBICUXTUBAl HAIL. From a South Australian point of view the Agricultural Hall eclipses in interest every other department of the "World's Show. Here are illustrated the science, the art, and the products of agriculture in all their infinite variety—or if not in all their variety, at least to an extent hitherto unapproached in exhibition annals, Tou may judge of the facilities for display by the fact that the vaulted roofs of the building cover an area of 10J acres, and that the distance to be traversed in threading the mazy length of avenue is at least three miles. Let the visitor, however, eschew the avenues as I did, and circumnavigate every group of exhibits, and he will find the three miles expand into twenty-three, and will realize the hopelessness of attempting a minute description of one-tenth of the objects worth describing. And as yet in this vast assemblage of farm appliances and fruits of the soil Australia is totally unrepresented. By-and-by a Ridley's reaper from Adelaide will be planted amid that dense forest of machinery, where it must command attention as being the only exhibit of the land; but just at present it is unfit to be seen. Then, too, there is an improved oredresser, contributed by Captain Sanders, and a jigging-machine by Captain Hancock, both of which are unique in their way, but they are not yet in position. Victoria, too, is to be represented in the department by the material of an Abyssinian tube-well and some patent earth-closets; but this modest display is still a thing of the future. Some English exhibitor has included in the wools of all nations a score of specimens from Australasia; but it is hard to recognise in them the long-fibred, silky gronrfhs of New South Wales and Queens- land, of Tasmania and New Zealand, of Victoria and South Australia, which they purport to represent. Great Britain and .Ireland, too, occupy but a small corner in the edifice, although as a slight set-off their contributions are of pre-eminent merit. Men of world-wide reputation in the preserving branch have their stands here—Crosse . & Blackwell in pickles ; Lea & Pen-ins in sauces ; Goodall and Backhouse in relishes; Keen & Co. in mustard and food preparations; Fry and Sons in cocoa; Menier in chocolate; Smith and Co. in essences; Corey, Williams, and Co. in aerated waters; Ind Coope, Bass, and Bindley & Co. in ales; and so on through a list which if not long is at least noteworthy. Not much of agriculture in these things, you will say; but it is evident that the Commissioners have put a liberal construction on the term. Indeed the anxiety to be very explicit and discriminating has led them into difficulty. Many articles which properly belong to the agricultural building are to be found in the machinery hall or the main assembly room, and vice versa. Then, too, there are States, such as Liberia and Venezuela, which have been crowded out of the main room entirely, and have been forced to take refuge in the agricultural section. All the exhibits of Great Britain in the department under review, however, are not in the dietetic line. There are implements from Fison, of Cambridge; edge tools from Fussell & Co., of Frome; mill machinery from Corcoran, Wilt, & Co., of Mark Lane, and other well-known makers; charcoal and charcoal manure from Manchester, and farm engines from Aveling and Porter, outstripping everything in this branch that the Show can furnish. The novelties from the Empire-Kingdom are not numerous, but Saintry & Barnard, of Cambridge, claim credit for one machine, which, with the aid of two men, can sack, dry, and dress 100 bushels of grain per hour, and for a second which enables one man to separate 50 bushels of wheat or oats per hour from any other grain. Add to this that Captain William Belf, of Colchester, forwards as a speciality a new and distinct variety of wheat known as the Mainstay, and all that need be said of the English display has been said. Canada., in comparatively small compass, shows an assortment of ploughs, mowers, thrashing - machines, churns, chaffcutters, and other implements of such admirable quality that American makers may well look to their laurels. The local critics hardly know what to make of these spirited colonies. Some satirize them as mere copyists, but more generous writers see in their mechanical successes evidence of a rivalry which the United States cannot afford to despise. Thanks to a more liberal tariff which cheapens production, to a fair share of native invention, and to an 1 amount of industry and enterprise unexcelled elsewhere, the Canadians are able to hold their own even against their keen-witted neighbours. In products of the field and preparations of food, too, they are well represented. No country outside of Australia shows better wool or finer wheat, and its collections of prepared skins, ales, porter, and fruits modelled in wax or preserved in syrup are all of a high order of merit There is much that is interesting, but little that calls for extended remark, in other extra- American exhibits. Germany distinguishes herself in Rhine wines and Brobdignagian bottles; in bockbier—a terrible rival to the national lager—and fragrant hops; in liqueurs and preserves; in tobacco and cigars, arranged in the most enticing style; and, lastly, in picturesque pyramids of scythe blades and other farm tools. Austria takes up much the same ground. Japan rejoices in preserves and silks, in curiously-fashioned cane baskets and beautifully-preserved skins, in intensely stiff umbrellas, and fifty different varieties of seeds. Of course there is a collection of teas, and there are also some of the leaves of the Euokicha, which a notice written in choice English characters explains is " use for the place of tea, manufactured by experiment." Venezuela has filled its space with a striking ensemble of valuable products. Coffee berries and medicinal barks, timber samples and starch, soap and candles, cordials and the far-famed Angostina bitters, fruits representing the surprising vagaries of tropical growth, boots and shoes of rough-and-ready construction, and quartz specimens, powdered over or studded or seamed through with gold, attest the varied resources of this South American Republic. Near by [is as Brazil, which has taken infinite pains e. with the exterior of its court. Over the highly-ornamental enclosing walls hang countless flags of the most brilliant shades, while within there is but a prosaic display of seedB and grasses, and polished woods and tobacco, and liquid extracts. The only thing to justify so much ostentation is a really tasteful pavilion built wholly of cotton fibre and dedicated internally to the exhibition of cotton seeds and plants. The Netherlands, with the assistance of the Dutch colonies have succeeded in producing an impression of substantial prosperity unsurpassed even by the more pretentious displays around them. There is such a homely well-to-do look about the department, such an absence of tinsel, and such solid indications of well- directed industry, that it is with a relieved feeling one turns to it from the showy displays of countries which are striving to outshine one another. France is slowly unpacking her treasures and such Parisian knicknacks as can with propriety be included in an agricultural fair. Moreover, she will have a show of millstones unequalled by any competitor. Sweden and Norway vie with each other in the tasteful arrangement of the products congenial to their frigid clime. Neat little pyramids of bottled ale, graceful obelisks of polished wood, numberless exhibits of grain and coffee, and preserved fish ~ and biscuits and arrack punch, and that less seductive but more useful fluid, cod liver oil, are interspersed among trophies of furs and sealskins and such like spoils of the chase.- Nor is the innocent Northern passion for lay-figure making left without a witness, for in a tiny sled drawn at headlong pace by a panting reindeer sits a rosy Laplander, with his warm snow-hood over his head, and his cosy furs wrapped in voluminous folds around him, looking the very incarnation of luxurious ease and contentment. Spain appears to great advantage, the whole of her external space being devoted to the exhibition of grain, seeds, and nuts in unlimited variety, and the interior space to fruits, timbers, grasses, and other products of the soil. Portugal, too, is strikingly represented by a mixed multitude of articles, comprising wines and oils, wools and silks, cork and biscuits, stuffed animals and, of all things in the world, pork sausages of the full-bodied Germanic type. It was thoughtful of her to send them, and were it not that Bologna is to the fore with a bewildering variety of the same savoury dainty, she would inevitably gain an award for her enterprise. But 1 have lingered too long over these miscellaneous courts, and must forego the pleasure of expatiating upon the marvellous provision which Italy makes, not only in the festive sausage, but in the luscious wine, the transparent oil, and the pungent pickle. Even more reluctantly the Norwegian exhibits in pisciculture must be dismissed with a passing reference. The reluctance does not extend to the long rows of glass jars which emit an odour decidedly ancient as well as fish-like, but to the splendid col- lections of nets and seines, rods and tackle, which occupy one large compartment, and the huge crystal tanks, with their scaly denizens, which line the western wall, and form the centre of attraction for budding Waltons by the thousand. Here is to be seen in action an ingenious contrivance for keeping a stream of fresh water flowing constantly through the aquaria, which, however applicable to larger receivers, is not in this instance an unmixed success. Whether it is that the motion of the fluid is too much for the fish, or that the continuous supplies of their vital element promote an overmastering ecstacy, it is certain that scores of the younger ones, while the waters are being troubled, retire to the bottom, gather their fins and tail together, and gracefully yield up the ghost. Enough of this, however. The American exhibits, covering as they do about three-fourths of the floor-space of the Hall, demand attention. Concerning these it is to be noted, in the first place, that whilst few of the States of the Union have done themselves justice in individual contributions, the general impression produced as to the vastness of American resources and the far-reaching extent and indomitable character of American ingenuity is at least as striking here as in any other department of the Exhibition. The South, albeit it has not recovered from the stunning effect of the war, and is little disposed to put forth all the strength it has to glorify the Union, contributes shiploads of tobacco raw and manufactured, ton upon ton of sugar, hundredweight upon hundredweight of rice, bale upon bale of cotton, together with many another testimony to the fertility of its fields and the industry which yet animates its people. California is conspicuous for its wines, which are forcing their way into consumption, not only temporarily through the restaurant in the building, but universally through the growing craving of the people for some drink besides whisky that is really genuine. Their souls are beginning to loathe vile compounds which are retailed as foreign beverages. There is no trustworthy standard of drink quality in the States, but the evil results of indulgence in spurious foreign liquors are becoming but too evident in the destruction of mental power and the demoralization of the community. A great many fly danger by renouncing stimulants entirely, but the general passion for "perpendicular drinking" is too strong to admit of this mode of escape becoming universal, and so good native wines are taking the place of infamous brandy and poisonous rum— not rapidly, by any means, but yet surely. In every hotel carte you find a list of these wines, and comformably with the extravagant tariff of prices as much as from 8s. to 12s. a bottle is asked for choice samples. The Californian Golden wine is one of the favourites, and it is a very pleasant palatable beverage. There is also a Catawba champagne retailed here as low as four shillings a bottle, which is of excellent quality. Turning from the beautifully-ornamented cases wherein this product of the vine is tastefully displayed, the visitor becomes involved in a labyrinth of exhibits, each pf which has a pregnant history. Here is a magnificent collection of sugar-cured hams from Cincinnati, a city rivalled only by Chicago in the vastness of its trade in pork. In both places the business of slaying, curing, and packing swine has attained vast proportions, and risen pretty well to fine art rank. I am afraid to say how many myriads of this useful quadruped are slaughtered at Chicago, but there are establishments there which dress their thousands daily. The doomed animal is strung up, killed as he is being slowly elevated towards an inclined plane, along which his carcase passes to the scaldingvat. Thence he is removed to be dissected, salted, or sugared, as the case may be, and packed in barrels almost before he has had time to get cold. Hard by is a pile of tin canisters, surmounted by a stuffed cow of life-size and amiable aspect. The canisters are supposed to contain essence of milk and preserved meats; but the cute exhibitor, in the spirit of those who fill their wine bottles with coloured water, rests content with elaborately labelling the empty vessels. Among the contributors of corn and grain, seeds and preserved fruits, woods and soils, Oregon holds a proud pie-eminence. Small as the room allotted to her, it is large enough for a striking display of the leading products of the district. Every inch of space is eloquent with the story of the marvellous fertility of this garden of America. If there is a region in the United States which can rival Australia in the points in which Australia is strongest it is the region of which Oregon is the centre. Here are wools of admirably quality—the Merinos, delicately soft and fine; the Leicesters and Cotswolds and Oxfordshires, long in staple and preserving all the best characteristics of their European prototypes. True the samples are small, and may be the result of careful selection; but of their extraordinary excellence there can be no doubt. Here, too, are wheats remarkable for plumpness and productiveness, although unfortunately the weight per bushel is not given; barley, and oats and Indian corn, which present infallible proofs of being the outgrowth of a gracious soil; flax-straw four feet at least in length, flanked by exhibits of linseed and scutched flax and oilcake; dried fruits of limitless variety and admirable flavour; and canned fruits of snowy whiteness floating in syrups clear to the verge of transparency. Nor is there any lack of curiosities, for in one place are to be seen concentrated cider and apple butter, and in another sections of trees of fabulous size. It is recorded of one red cedar represented in the court that its diameter was 22 feet at the base, while at 198 feet from the ground it was still six feet. A yellow fir, of which a specimen is on view, could boast of a girth of nearly 25 feet at a height of 130 feet from the greund; and a fragment of spruce has been forwarded belonging to a tree which yielded 100,000 shingles and 48 cords of wood. Aroung this model display from Oregon are grouped the exhibits of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Wisconsin, Nevada ? Utah, Iowa, and fifty other districts, all of which diversify their exhibits of Indian corn and timber and seeds by some article peculiarly their own. Thus in the one place there is the effigy of an enormous boar reared in Chester, which on being killed was found to turn the scale at 1,307 lbs., its increase in weight being 120 lbs. monthly for eight consecutive months. Massa- chusetts furnishes diagrams illustrative of the climate and tables showing the average expectation of human life among persons engaged in different avocations, the advantage being greatly in favour of tillers of the soil. Delaware has laid itself out to represent the riches of the East in timbers, thirtyeight varieties of which are supplied. Indiana has undertaken the same service for the West, and forwards forty-three varieties, the great majority of which find no place in Australian forests. Missouri has disgraced itself by exhibiting a mere tangled heap of cereals and wood; while Minnesota luxuriates in a splendid assortment of grains. Here are some twenty varieties of spring and winter wheat, yielding on an average thirty bushels to the acre, and that on ground which has been under crop for a quarter of a century. Thirty million bushels a year is the product of this State, which is essentially one of the granaries of America. The spring wheats are of surprisingly rapid growth, being sown in April and reaped in August. The farms are not large, the most of them having been taken up under the homestead clauses, which ensure for a settler possession of 160 acres on condition of his remaining upon and cultivating it. A holding of 2,200 acres is spoken of as of abnormal size—the evil of monopoly having never yet penetrated into the State. Indeed, in no part of the Union has this crying vice of Australian settlement found a lodgment. Even Railway Companies, which have received immense grants of land, are hasting to dispose of it to small proprietors. In Minnesota the hardy Scotch-Fife variety of wheat finds great favour; and, in fact, most of the sorts raised in the State are of a flinty character. Australian samples are no rarity in America, thanks to the Agricultural Bureau and private enterprise; but it is altogether exceptional to see any approach to the beautiful white wheats of South Australia. Kentucky distinguishes herself in whiskies, and so does many another State. Old Crow and Bourbon rye, high wine and mush whiskeys, are to be seen at every turn, with the inviting surroundings of elegant cases and hogsheads, burnished to an extreme of brightness. St. Louis has its wines, Utah its woods, the Central Pacific Company a rich variety of timbers and natural objects from its vast possessions in the West, and Iowa a unique exhibit of soils, fifty in number, taken from as many districts in the State, and carefully displayed in lofty glass cylinders. Over and above what has thus been set down there are scores of objects of surpassing interest in the hall, the credit of which attaches to no State in particular. There are fairy palaces built of confectionary, and furnished with candies and bonbons of demoralizing attractiveness ; mountains of biscuits and crackers and fancy food, suited alike for unconscious infancy and epicurean old age; romantic caves and grottoes and snow-covered forests; birds and n^mals prepared in the best style of taxidermy; pyramids of Menier's chocolate—exhibited by an old Adelaidean, Mr. Bickford, the manufacturer's agent in New York; trophies of tinned fruits, piles of Duryea's starch, maizena, and preparations of that ilk; beakers of unfermented wine for the use of tenderconscienced teetotallers; glass-cases showing honey in the honeycomb, canned and dried fruits without limit; tobacco in five hundred forms, dispersing an aroma more fragrant than the adjoining fruit-table3 } loaded although they are daily with the choicest products of Pennsylvanian gardens. Add to these preserves unnumbered tea trophies and coffee trophies, fertilizers in all the approved forms of phosphates, nitrates, sulphates, and ammoniates, mountains of hickory-wood barrels, iudiarubber in all shades of crudeness from the liquid form in which it exudes from the tree up to the latest process required to convert it to its highest use as an article of commerce, and still the catalogue will be ridiculously imperfect. Still no note will have been taken of a hundred proofs of American versatility—still a score of interesting relics of the days of 1776 will have passed unrecorded, and still the great feature of the Agricultural Show, the acres upon acres of farm machinery, will have been left undescribed. To the last department I shall devote an early letter; for among the harvesters and fruit - driers and other labour - saving appliances which fill so much of the hall there are several articles admirably suited for ^introduction into South Australia. 