FREMANTLE-PORT TOPICS An Entertainment was given at the Odd Fellows Hall on the 11th instant, consisting of Vocal and Pianoforte music. Dr. Barnett presided. At the opening of the entertainment he said : We have met here to-night with the object of giving an evening's amusement and also to raise funds for the erection of a Literary Institute. I trust we shall be successful. He then expressed a hope the boys would not in- dulge in their customary habit of whistling to interrupt the singers and mar the pleasure ot the evening. The Misses Wellard and Francisco at once took their seats at the piano which was not, I think, quite up to that degree of elevation usually adopted at concerts: they however played the duet " Sans Souci" brilliantly and at the conclusion were rewarded deservedly with the approbation of the audience. Mr. O'Cal laghan followed with "Ring out, Wild Bells," accompanied on the piano by Mrs. Morris. This gentleman's strong chest voice gave great effect to the song which he rendered in his best style and brought down the house. The Vocal duet "Larboard Watch" by Messrs Johnson and Wood was given in excellent style and loudly encored. Miss Wellard presided at the piano. Mr. Compton who is always listened to with pleasure by a Fremantle audience gave " My Sweetheart when a Boy," but his rendering was below par. I think the pitch of the piano had something to do with the indifferent style of his singing, otherwise he must, have been suffering from indisposition. Miss Francisco presided at the piano. Dr Barnett gave a very interesting reading entitled the "Diver' a ballad tran- slated from the German by Sir Bulwer Lytton. The doctor is a very good reader and succeeded in securing the attention of the audience who rewarded his efforts with their usual expression of approbation. Mr Barwood jun., accom- panied by Mrs. D. Francisco, gave the " Fond Mem'ry's Dream" a very pretty song, in a very pleasing style and was loudly applauded at its conclusion. The Vocal trio, "Mr. Speaker" by Messrs. Henderson, Johnson, and. O'Callaghan very much pleased the general audience and was honoured by a recall, this brought the first part of the entertainment to a close. ' Mr. W, E. Marmion opened the second part with " Weeping Sad and Lonely" a very pretty song sang in excellent style and fully won the applause bestowed at its conclusion. Miss Francisco presided. Mrs. Morris followed with Apiano solo "The Battle," the execution of which fully sustained this lady's character as an accomplished pianist. Mr. W. G. Johnson, accompanied hy Mrs. Morris, sang " The Se* is England's Glory" which was listened to with., great interest and loudly encored. Mr. John- son has an excellent voice,'and does his work ia the best style. Mr. R. M. Sutherland gave a reading from Lovers Irish Stories entitled " Paddy the piper;" it was a capital selection : its wit and humour , afforded a great deal of amusement to those E resent and the reader was -awarded by the earty applause of the audience. Mr. O'Calla- ~ ghan accompanied by Mrs. Morris gave "The Standard Bearer'' a song well suited to his voice and was greatly applauded and encored. The Vocal duet " The Moon hath raised her lamp above," rendered by Messrs. Compton and Johnson met with its due reward, and the Bingera we e loudly recalled. Mr. Compton was more himself in this,' butnot quite as I have heard him previously. Mr. B. C. Wood brought the evenings programme to a close. He rendered in his usual happy and favourite style "The Bell-of the Ball," and being vociferously encored he gave "Have you seen the Ghost," which was also received in a similar manner. Votes of thankB were recorded to the ladies and gentle- men. Dr. Barnett stated prior to the company giving "God save the Queen," that the patron- age they had received that (Friday) evening had by the consent of those ladies and gentle- men who had been so successful in their efforts, to induce the committee to believe that a similar entertainment once a month might be indulged in. He wished therefore that the supporters would bear this in mind, and so terminated a very pleasurable evenings amuse- ment. Mrs. Marmion on the night of the concert lost a bracelet of considerable value, besides being highly prized by its owner. On Saturday morning the bellman in a voice loud enough to arouse the dead proclaimed the loss in the streets of Fremantle ; offering a reward to any one who had found and would restore it to the owner, but the lost bracelet did not tarn up. In the evening I am informed Mr. Marmion was recommended to offer a specified sum to the finder ; at first he hesitated, thinking the pen on who had found it might consider his honesty questioned, but ultimately asked the bellman to name any sum as a reward, he thought would induce the restoration of the bracelet, and accordingly the sum of one pound was promised to any one who would restore it. Shortly after this notice was given the bracelet, strange to relate, was handed to Mr. Marmion, who 1 think very properly refused for the present to pay the promised reward. The Robert Morrison with Immigrants is re- ported to have had a " fine passage. She finally sailed from England on 3rd, November inst., and arrived here on the 15th instant. The Im- migrant Agent, Mr. W. Dale, proceeded on board soon after the vessel anchored, and all hands having been mustered and passed inspec- tion the Immigrants expressed unqualified satis- faction with the treatment of the Doctor Captain and officers of the ship during the voyage whom they cheered in a most hearep manner. The vessel appears to have been well supplied with every requisite for the passage, and in consequence landed her human freight in good order and condition, one infant only having died at sea, beyond this there is no accident or casualty of any kiud to report. There are 27 married couples with families, the rest are single They are all strictly, of the laboring class, and appear in excellent health ; this argues favour- ably as to their fitness as settlers tor this colony. 1 am informed, on reliable authority, that up- wards of one hundred have been already engaged forty of whom left to-day (Wednesday) m the Georgette for Champion Bay. It does not there- fore appear that Immigration is a failure as people would lead us to suppose, and though some who are over sanguine, may express dis- appointment upon landing in a foreigu country, it does not prove that they have been deceived, but it may be reasonably supposed that such persons have over estimated, in their vivid im- agination, the benefits to be derived from settle- ment in this colony. To such I would say, work and wait, and then, like many who have arrived here before you, you will discover than is a far better chance in the chase of life in Western Australia to become independent than in the mother country where up to the present tims you have only succeeded in gaining a subsistance. We have no beggars here, out there are loajer» amongst us ; of these the new arrivals must be on their guard, or they will try to dishearten them where there is noreason to be discouraged ; but on the contrary experience will prove what I now state, that if they adhere strictly to sobriety, and adopt industrious habits they are on the track to success, and they will reach in * short time, what should be the ambition of every human being, the goal of independence. I 