ALLEGED MURDER AT MARY- BOROUGH. A MAN named Alexander Rixson lies in the Maryborough lock-up, committed for trial for the wilful murder of his wife. The particulars of the case are peculiar. Rixson and a woman named Lydia Quipps came to this colony by the ship star Queen, and have lived together as man and wife till within the last three weeks. Then there was a quarrel; Lydia was driven from the house; and next day Rixson legally married another woman. A week afterwards, Rixson's legal wife died suddenly. Dr. Little held a post mortem examination, and Dr. Power, in his capacity as a Justice of tbe Peace, held a magisterial inquiry into the cause of the death. Rixson was terribly cut up, and could hardly give his evidence through crying. He described how his wife had been ailing for two or three days, and how the night previous to her death he had been disturbed two or three times to supply her with brandy and a cup of coffee. Dr. Little gave it as his opinion that the woman died from apoplexy. The inquiry, as an ordinary precaution, was adjourned for three days, the body was buried, and there we supposed the matter would rest. The night after the inquiry, a man named Adamson, going home across tbe reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter I assure you the man does not. He becomes fight- able if you but smile when lie narrates his experience. This is what he saw, or, if you like, fancies he saw : First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage, he walked towards tbe object. As lie drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over bis body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from his head. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs. Rixson! Then came a voice, "I am the murdered wife of Rixson!' The appari- tion then placed one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and — disappeared. Adamson does not know how long he remained on the Reserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice, and told his extraordinary experience to the police, and they, growing suspicious, arrested Rixson and Lydia Quipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a statement, which she has since repeated in the Police Court. She is not in custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage Rixson took a "down" on his wretched wife. He cohabited with her but one night. The remainder of the week of his wedded life he slept at the woman Quipps' lodgings. He frequently swore that he would have the life of his wife. On Tuesday morning (March 14) be left Lydia at 6 o'clock, and went to his garden to dig her some sweet potatoes. In about half an hour he re- turned, and while delivering the potatoes said, "I have been and done for my wife." The woman answered, "Good God ; I will never speak to you again as long as my name is Lydia Quipps." Then he held her by the windpipe, saying, "This is the way I did it." Afterwards Rixson said to her, "So help my God I have not done it,'' and left her. A few minutes afterwards a little girl came running to tell her Mrs. Rixson was dead. The neighbors deposed that early that morning they had heard a quarrel between Rixson and his wife, which ended abruptly, and that when they were called to the house she was dead— stiff and cold. In conse- quence of this additional evidence, the body was exhumed, a second post mortem examination held, and Dr. Little, on being recalled, gave it as his opinion, gathered from the re examination, and from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death by strangulation. That is the case. Rixson seemed utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gathered, and it is believed that remorse— if he be capable of it— which visited Eugene Aram, will induce him to make a full con- fession of his guilt.— Correspondent Tele- graph. 