PVICSOW>: AT LIST. . A June night; such a J una nicht' warm. ! blue and breathless, and moonlizht. I am : sitting all alone in the dear oid Louden j garden, and ths canal which runs by the ; end of it, silvered by moonlight, and ura- j siunally darkened by the shadow of a pass- I iujj barge, looks quite soft, and Jtiliati. ! \- Papa has had a {«»T gentlemen i-j dinner, j and till they are s-itySvd with r>ine and j politics, 1. prefer the garden to the dravriug- | room-the trarden full of nioonlizlit aud the i searching scent of the thorn. I am not 1 ?_;, ; however. to cnioy my solitude. for here is ii j step close by me, and tiie. glimmer ot a > C12HV. j ih' Miss Paisehy-' says a low, musical j v. L- j. v.iiu which I am very familiar. Did you take me for a guest V I say, laughing. '? H:;rdly. I never yet heard of a ghost wearing Sowers. I left the dining room before the others because I wished to have a few minutes' serious talk with yon." Oil. do.Vt be serious " I cry, piteously, and makin;; a wry face. Oil. put by jesting," he rejoins, in rather ; a weary tone of voice ; " after this I shall . la^ke no further ejections upon your time or j mood." I My ranity is ..rounded, and I say, j sharpir, " 1 can be as grave as most people | when the occasion requires it; bnt there are j Dersons who mistake moroseness for gravity | ana good spirits for heart!e«sness." i '. Very iikeiy,:' het:o;s on, hardly heeding mv saltr; but I have not Come to defend my own conduct but rather to piead for another. I am goint'-I am going to speak about my youuz friend Hamiiton. Look here, PJioaa Pauley, you may Sirt with ninety-nine men, and though !'- m^y hurt your vanity to hear it, do then; no ;. itiu^ harm; 'nut ivitix the hundredth it may be different ; you may at last drive iiini to madness or perdition. Hamiiton is one of the finest voting feilows that lived." " in excellent young man, dcatileis," I put in '.cith ioa&ibiag; of a ineer. nosicisg the interruption: He is. I j know c^t getieriliv s;:nctive to women, j From s nt he his bes2 phTii-.ilIy wrr deli- ; csie ; his nsmre is high stranp sr.d ceTTOuS. 2foir t -u knctr is loves yotu" " In A-i, y duster me-;" I si~. I.vvrtTlg dcsn to hide s rl'-ifi, which I :v (though I ksssr really :l ii not rUibieiv. the darkness) ci3r.o; Escape his ;rij. c^s.e;ri;isg eves. '.£sr,~ he says quietly, *f yoa cm not evade ae; you kcow he does. - 2fow what I will have from you is this: ,How will you answer when he pats to yoa sit supreme question of his life ! Silent! But I demand an-answer." .? "Aid I command you to desist from your present- impertinence and to leave me," I cry. sponging;op ins -passion, sad flinging | fir Rom ma the ro«« with which I hid been toving;"and if yoa are a dele j^ir friendhe" hisindeed peeatinfc ~." So. tsoori iair fcegcr I am Sot! rejoins/eihsesiiy. aW^gd ila» ad bpirs gravely as Isweep past. to the drawing-room, and soon the gentlemen came ia. William Hamilton oomes over to where I am sitting. He is certainly bindsome, though not in a way attractive to us women : tall and slight, with sa aristocratic, mobile though somewhat feminine face, lit up by large, son, melan choly ey as; his hands} beanUfullf' fasjiieiied; axe thid almost to transparency. He leans with his arm on: the backot my-chair, and begins talking about some book he has' given me. To all his qnestious 1 reply with warmth a ad animation. Colonel Gordon is observing I us ; his face always brightens when he hears me talking less frivolanily than is my' woai. 1 cannot help contrasting the two friends$ the younger-and so much the younger, too -so fair and fragile; the. elder, certainly not at all handsome, but. strong of- limb .and broad cheat, with the dark resolute face, worn and beaten by the storm wind of the world: 1 think I make myself very agreeable to poor Mr. Hamilton. We sit by ourselves all the .vening apart in a earner of tHe rSomj apparently lest ill one another, until some tMng.&e; says patv me out of tune, and I leave him in a tiff, poor fellow. Only when he is going away, I am so sorry for him tha| I cannot resist saying, "I hope yoa don't think me too quarrelsome p Then I look up piteously in his fan and c&st; another look of proud defiance at his . friend.. Soon oar little party broke up, and Lsm glad that the. evening is at an end. - ~ Another superb day, just as hot and cloud less as yesterday ; but in spite of the beau tifal weather and all the roses in the garden, I get tip "cross and ont of spirits. Am j merely a - flirt? Something altogether too light and frivolous } A woman, X think, should be something better. After "all, Colonel Gordon Wis right, and when; I see Mr. Hamilton again I will show him- firmly but kindly-that he has no. reason to hope. I am somewhat comforted by this resolution but I have no irill to. read" books' or ia pay visits: " I hate ik> mother and I am an only child, so: my life is r*the? solitary. . Some-1 htfw' the day wears itself away aud at 6 o'clock punctual as the time itself comes, the quick, familiar ling, and T hasten to meet my dear old father after his official, duties. I overcome him by kisses arid complaints. . ' " Oh, I am so glad you have come back,r I say j SII have been horribly dull, and hasn't- it been -hot ?-no oool eorner in the house, and no shade in the garden." He re turns my kisses very affectionately, bnt he looks so grave that I say, anxiously^ " Is anything the nisttsr, dear P " Yes; [ have very sudden and bad news," he answers, taking me into the dining-room and stroking my hair with his dear kind hands. " " Young Hamilton is dead : was found dead this morning in his bed. It appears he was always subject to heartcom plaint. I met Gordon in the. street. who gave me the sad news. Poor fellow! he seemed quite broken by it." \- I am terribly shocked. Dead.'. I-say the word over and over et I cannot realise the full meaning of it. -."But when I go ta bed I turn my face -to the wall^on which one long ray of moonlight is playing, and sob as if my heart would break, and yet 1 know I did not love him. Oil, soft, melancholy eyes 1 Perhaps not melancholy now, but glad and radiant aad full of uew triumphant light. Oh, - poor troubled - heart . that has,. I.; hope, at - last found rest- But I think of the little kind things I might have said or done, and of all the things said or done so much better left undone. 1 ... Well, the tedious summer days go by. We never see Colonel Gordon now; he seems to have given U3 up ; even papa, seems to wonder at his siience. Tba hot August days we leave noisy, dusty Loudon behind and taken whig for the. continent. We have got over the first shock of poor Sir. HaniiltouVdeath, but I-anr not-quits what-1 was, and I think it Colonel Gordon could see me now he would think me less frivolons. I have a half hope that we may meet him in our wanderings*. I look auxiously into all the hotels, into the books of visitors, where his name is not registered, and after two months of mountain and sea air we come back to old London, the old house and the old life. We have been home a week. To day papa has go: to his ofiiea occupations again. and to-day 1 feel terribly sad and cheerless-a sadness which all things around me tend to deepen ; the rustle of dead leaver of the garden paths, the meanings of the wind in the Ieane== branches, the cold gray aspect of the sky. la there nothing 1 should like to do! 1 think, as I wander listlessly between the garden and the house. Ah ' yes, there is one thing I have always inten ded to do, and why not to-day ? 1 gather a nosegay of late autumn flowers out of our own garden, knowing that, if living, that would have pleased him most, and 1 set out on my sad pilgrimage. They have laid my lover to rest at Norwood, in the dim vaults away under the church. As 1 walk up the long rows of tombs a chilly rain begins fall ing, beating in my face ; but I do not feel frightened or lonely in this capital oi the dead, nor do I shrink as, lit by a faintly glimmering taper, I wander down tlie sad, populous region below, though I shiver at the dank air, in which death cctms to be come almost palpable. My guide, looking carefully at the names, taper in hand, stops before one. 1 signify to him that I would ba alone for a few minutes ana he retires. 1 bend down and read the inscription : " Win. H-iniltan, born May 17, 1851 died June 0, 1673. He giveth His beloved steep.'' Is it, indeed, sleep for him, and unmarried by an}- dreams I think of how he loved me-thai lov« which "1 held so lightly-and 1 the plenteous tears come. But here i= a I step. The custodian of the place cming ! back, 1 suppose. 1 raise lay «y«s hurriedly. | and Colonel Gordon enters : but his eyes have i in them a milder, sweeter look than 1 have ! ever seen there before, lie takes my hands ; in his and holds them, looking long and j lovingly at ihe inscription on the cotiin. ? Who d'j not speak a word, 'out we leave the | place together and come out into the gray : wintry light of the fading day. He draws my arm in his, still holding my hand, and we walk a little way 111 silence. At length he :ays, very kindly : .' Thank you for this. Khoda; I did not know that you loved him much." 1; Stop," I say; " 1 am very surry for him, and 1 feci so grateful that he should : have care-i for me : but in the way you i mean I never loved him. All yon said to | me that night was right and true, and I have j bseu the bstter for it. i " No harm has been done," he rejoins; "and if he died thinking you loved him, he died happy. But yon arc not looking well. Is anything troubling you 1" " No; I am not happy : ard now he ba3 gone, I have no one who I think really loves me." "You are mistaken there," he replies quietly. Don't you know that I love you ?" And then more t« himself than to me, " as my life, as my soul. 1 loved y .u Riioda. [rvn the first day 1 saw you : but then he loved you, too, and he was so unable :<> buffet the waves of the world, if you could have loved him and made hw life happy well, dear, you understand. 1 have said more than I meant to say ; consider some of it unsaid ; only remember if ever you want a friend, you will know where to come ; and he adds with rather a 3ad smile, 11 will not even in jest ask you to become my wife.' " " Because you consider me so worthless !'' " LSscatue I will no: give von the pain of saying no." .' Because you will not give me the joy of saying yes." " That c-iuld ijf-t hi," he r«plie?. wall al most childish incredulity in his voice: " why 1 am fifteen years older than you." " And if it were twice that it would ha nothing," 1 reply warmly. " But must you heat ail the pride out of me i" He iuKis round ncv; ?.ni lice; laying his hands upon JUT shoulders. while I C-'-<? iaio his eyes so rrauk and ferries-'. " Re member." he says, in a solemn vc-ice. " "Be pises frorn »rhich we have j;;s; e-v.r.e. re nic-mber si! Shst is st sw.se, and then :eU me if you cia say frc^n lie bottom of your heart-I lore you." My heart does not falter as I echo his is-?« words, and Iknow natv tha; he will nerer ask me that question again-at least for the trsat of eonSnnation: He tolas n« ia his anas, and, bending down., kisses my lips leog sad passionately. "I came in hers," he says, one of tie treariesiTmen ia all God's earth, and now 1 aai surely the most blessed." We g» back io. London., boih happy, boih su premely happy; and. as we drive home through the shrieking London sireets, I shudder t« think how ueariy I had missed the great pexue ana happmeis of ray life. He had kepi his s^^timsnmuy, bat thsuk <?<*?. it hHe keen kuotra at isat/and not t«v> late. " - 