LOCAL, The usualrHoly Week functions of tho Roman Catholic Church commenced ou Wednesday evening, wlion tlio offico of Toaebrro Wasvchantod in St. Mary's Catlio- drnlandSt. Josoph's Ohnroh. At tho core- monies of Mtnnuay Thursday, tho Bishop of Hobart Town consecrated tho Holy' Oils in tlio Uathcural, and was assisted by several iiricsts including Aroluloacou Marum, Vory Uov. W. J; Dunne, Rovs. J. Fechau, M, -Bccohinor,. J, Murphy, 1). F. X. Bocchinor. P, R. Honcbry, M. J. O'Rcgan, and W. R. Fitzgerald, Pontifical mass was sung by tho Bishop, with tho Archdeacon as assistaut priest, and Rovs. Hennobry and Feohan, deacons. Tbo ceremonies ended by a pro cession of tho Blessed Saoramont to a sido altar called tbo Sopnlcbro, tastofnlly adornod With lights andilowors. Moss was oha ited in St.V' Joseph's Ohnroh the- same day by Rev 0. P. Woods, and an exquisitely deco rated altar proparod there also tor tho Blessed Saoramout. On Thursday and Friday nights .the.Tenobric office was again . ohanted, .and the ltnontations of the prophot Jeremiah, so appropriate to tho occasion; woro sung with groat pathos. On Good Friday tho morning aorvico in the cathedral began at 8 o'olock, and iu St. Joseph's at 11 ; tho touching narrativo of the passion from tho Gospel of St, John boing sung by tbrco prieats, who took the parts of Our Lord, of tho Evancolist and the Jows, the latter part in St. Joseph's being greatly enhanced by tho effect producod by the thrilling responses rendered by tho choir. Tlio at tendanco at all the services was vory largo, and on Friday cveuing very touching dis courses on tho sufferings and death of tho Redeoiner woro dolivorcd in St. Joseph's Church by Father Dunne, and in tbo cathe dral by .Father. , Mioliacl. Beoehinbr.' ' Oh' Saturdny'tho baptismal' fonts wero blessed aocordiug to tho practice of the ' Catholic Churuh, and tho long prophecies from tho Old Tcstamont ohantea in both cliurohes concluded tho folomd fauotions'of the week. The Rev. Peter Gunpbcll, Protestant Christian Missionary, held his first worvico iu tho Tmvn Hall yesterday afternoon. There was a vory good attendance, tho hall notboiug exactly full, but much fuller than' wo Greeted to sco it oil a .first appearance" of a gentleman who has coiiio amongst us almost uiinniiounucd. Mr Oampbull'H mis sion is rather oul of tho commou Ho is : not connected with any of tlio oxistirig soots,' nor, according , to. his .own account,, sup ported from any missionary 'fund, but is outiroly dopendont upon voluntary dona tions. It is only about five and n half years siuoo ho took up lus present mission. From wlint ho stated at tho' eloso of his sorvice yesterday, it appears thnt about six years ago. ho mot with a serious acoidout and was taken to tho Adelaide Hospital, whero, on a bed of pain and sickness,. ho bocamo' con- vortod, On his recovery lio mhdo up Ids mind to dovoto liinisolf to tho missionary work, mid without a. shilling .in tho world, ho started as a In)' reader in tho South Aus tralian hush. After a timo ho beenrao con vinced thnt tho moro reading was not suffi- oiont, and ho gradually began to explain tho Scriptures, and from thnt to proaoh. Sinco thnt timo ho has, for tho Inst five yenrs, con stantly preached to bush nudicuccs, in gaols, hospitals (whoro tlioro were.no regular olor- gyinen), and oh tho goldficlds.' ' At various time's Mr Onmpholl Tins also .occupied tho pulpits of tlio 8yd noy clergymen. YcBtor-' clay's sorvico opened with Hanlcoy's hymn, 14 Hold tho Fort," which was joined iu with oxcollcnt offcct by tho' Whole congregation. This was -followed by a short earnest- prayer, 'and tho rev gentlomnn road several passages from, tho Holy Scriptures,. showing how.tho apostles and tho holy mou of old all ougaged iu scorot prayer. From theso passages, in torso and.foreiblo lnngiingo, Mr Onmpbell pointe'd out the necessity for continuous and private prayer. Thnt mnn wns not a truo Christian who did not constantly ami '-chronically" indulgo in scorot prayer, It wns ; not sufficient to merely attend tho churches on sot days, ho sntd, but ovory mau, womau, and child Should dovoto n'por-' tion of -their daily: time: .to scorot prayer.; :iXo |iirv »uVehil laiuuslra uf wliui liu muuiic;" as, for instance, a child asking in n rcoihhioh- plnce touo of his parent "for somctliing, how that rcqiiost was not probably'hcard or an swered; but if thnt chifci'coutiuuod, and wns portinncious in its demauds, ho obtained what ho wnutcd. Ho nlso instanced many woll known chnrooters in history, who had by thoir oxnmplo inculcated prnycr, -naming Stonowall Jackson. After nuotlicr liymn and a short prnyor, tho rev goiitloinnu rend a iVerso from ltovolntions, conimoncing, '-And tlio Spirit aud tlio Rrido siiy,' 'Come," etc. From this ho exhorted liis congregation to come to Christ, who was all sufficient for tho forgiveness 'of sins, Ho" having died for tho sins of mou ; and from tho same verse ho argued thnt those who heard wero to call others to come, and consequently ho bed felt called upon to coll others to Christ, as .we nil should help ono another.) Everyman, and woman had ench a little circle of their own j aud woman, ho: said, with her beauty; and winning ways, 'should: bo a means of winning souls. to Christ. 4 Mr. Campbell, in tho course of his nddrcss, also stated tliat ho was: a total abstainer for fivo and . a. half years, tnid -belonged also.to tho.Good Tem- plar nml othor abstinohco teoictiosV " Tlio sorvico, which Insted nbout ah hour and' n half, closed with - tlxo Benediction; aiul a collection for tho expenses of ;tho Missioncr was' taken nt tho 'door.! vThd rov gentleman- seems Uioroughly-in earnest, and though wo do not entiroly approve of .tlicse> extraneous services, yot wo think .'thai the present one may bo productive' of good. . Ono thing is certain, Mr Campbell preaches' tho-Goapcl as rocoived by tho Christian Protestant Church, and thoroforo cannot but be accept- ablo us an antidote to. tbo horesy which is 'allowed to . bo poured 'forth (Sunday after 8undny) 'nt tho Oddfellow's'' Hall; by' tho represohtnti vos of ' that false prophet,- Joo' Smith," tho author of tlic Book of Monnous.: Mr Omnpboll announced ,thnt , ho would pronuli noxt Wednosilay evonirig nt tho Mo- morial Church, Brisbane, street, at 7 o'clock, and oil Thursday night woidd ;locturo nt tho . Memorial Hall; on ,4 Odds nnd Eudsr" ' Next Sunday tlioro would -bo another 'sorvico nt tho Town Ilftll. Wo may montion that ovory person attending was supplied with a copy of Sfiukby's Hymns gratuitously. Showing that lUe.pcfty, feeling. ..which has been shown by .tlio Seciotaryof.-tho Cricket Ap-ooiation, is notabarod-in by other supporters of tho manly game; we 'may men tion that tho ?coro book of tlio play on Satur day was lost night kindly placed at our disposal by» Mr Cnthbert.' tbo scorer, and wo further had a kindly offer from onb of Oto Northern team tosupply us with the soores to-day after tbo match is over. Of course having mado our indopondeot arrangements wo aro not nooesaitatod to' avail oursolves of theso kindly offors, but fed equally obliged for them, tho moro cspcoinlly so as an oxprosaion of opiuion'oh tho action' of tho scorctary. Yesteiiday being Faster Day, tlio An glican Churoh'si woro as usual decorated with flowers and grcon leaves. Tho alton- ilanccs at oll tte cuurqlics woro largo) At tbo early morning service at the Cathedral there wero upwards of 200 communicants, ami there were also a' largo numbor at thu mid-day sorvico. -His Lordship, Bishop Bromby, proaohod at tbo morning service. Tiik usual Mormon service was held at tho Odd Follows Hall yesterday nftcrnocm hilt owing, porbap), to tho counter attrac tion at toe Town Hall tbo attendance was limited. Tbo Mormon delegates, Messrs Swan and Bntlor, retroatod somewhat yester day from tho bold ground thoy took up on tho provious two or thrco Sundays, and thu diecourso was of a vory nondescript character, and in most particulars -such as might ho -telivercd by any ohristisn clergyman. The subject treated was tho Kingdom of Heaven, its Jaws and its subjects, . and under tlm two latter heads tjio matter was dealt with in dotaiL It was emphatically stated that tho Biblo taught obedienoo to Gods . commands and a striot observance of his ordinances, and that dootrino it was contended was tho ohly ono taught by the Mormons in striot ncoordanoo with tho scriptures. - Tho sorvico was concluded as usual with the singing of a hymn, written copies of whioh woro dis tributed among tho audioooe, ' - ?MVk learn from a correspondent that on Good Friday afternoon a stack of bay be longing to Mr IV. Davis, Falls, ,Now Nor folk. estimated at about thirty tons, was totally destroyed , by firo jykqd another, stack close by wus in dauger, but owing to tho exertions of neighbours, was saved. The stack destroyed was only partia ly in sured, anJ we Inlieve the loss is estimated 'at about £50. It is believed lo h« the work of an iuccndiary.but there is noclttc at present. O Tus following entries were received up to ten o'clock on Suturday night f r the regatta to take place - at .Kangaroo Point to-dny 'Municipal Purse— Snowdrop) W, Martin. Skiff Race Eva, S. Tliorno Skimmer, W, Martin." Sailln'Racc-FIccti' wing, Thomna Turner; Corsair, Wright, Brothers. Pairoared Race —Snowdrop W. Martin.. Dingy llace—Entilla.H. Clark; Southern Star, J. Sims. It Is possible that nost entries .will lie received, in which case the Cliloris, J. Chandler, and the Iris, W. Whitehouse, will be entered tor the sailing race. Tub usuul election of tho trustees for the road district of Qucenboroiigh took niace on Saturday last at the Clareudou Hotel. Six landh ildcrs w(;re .propoted— Messrs Geo, Luckman, ' J/ D. Davidson, Edward Linscombe (the :ithree, retiring trutcua), W. Tnrlelon, Esq), Messrs. Thos- Willinms, and 0. O. .Abbott. After a spirited contest the. tbree firflt ifamed wero re-elctcd by nn immense majority. . Mr 0. O. Abbott wus not a consenting party to his nomination. ': v 1 At tho Police Court ou Saturday two pence disturbers, named August Nicholas nn l Sarah'BrftdshaWjwerc fined lOs Gd urid 5s respectively, in default of fiaynient to suffer the usual periods of inoarctration. A "man namedOeorgc Hooper was bIso fined 10a Gtl for ' using obsocuc language in Cimphril-sireur, aud Jnnus Moulcs, a New Town. mendicant, received n scTtencc of three . months' imprhmnnviit. Edward Sweeney, apprehended on wnfmnt fur >nnt appearing in answer to the charge of wife beating preferred against him, wns r> mind- t:i Tuesday, and three boys for pigeon stealing, -named respectively Charles Williams, Charles Saunders, and Gcoivc Stanley, wi re nlso remanded to Tuesday, biiil; for Stimley : being applied for and accepted. Mr Geo. Urisp . was the magistrate. At the hospital last night it was report- cd-tbata -young man was taken; to that institution wlth a bruise on one of his arms, received. at Riadon Ferry, A man nlso went to thehespitel with acut lip, received through having fallen on tbo . pavement. Neither of.tbc cases were serious. . It. wqs. repnrted at the police s'atio!1, yesterday, that a.boy. named Mark' Sulomori; a resident' of 'EUzibcth Lane, bad been misting from , home since tho 14th in<tnnt He is said to be fond of boating. A'biy. uamcd Mor.ds, whose parctils reside , in llarrington-atrcct/ 1 is' ' uUo reported Imviog lcft, home oh Faturday to bathe. He has) not. been Jieard of since. n The anniversary of the Ilobart Town | Wcsldyflii fciubbath Schools was celebrated yesterday at I ho Mclvillc- sfrect Chapel. Tho sermon was preached in the in'orn'n by the Rev McLaren Webster, who took for his text the 19th verse of the Gilt chap ter of Maru, In the evening the Itsv N, Bennett/chairman of the district, occup'cl the pulpi, the text being also taken from. :St" Mark's-'. Gospel. 'Tpcre -wefo large. :naiigrog'ntiou8'upnu enoh qcCRsiph,k,;f --V ; ;Tiis . celebrated) ,i)r. . Silvester, better known ds the Fakir, of Oolu, will give the first of bis plmising entertninments to-night at- the Tlieiit-.e Royals The Fakir has. stood the round of criticism of the Austra- ban Press,, nod one and all liavc been com pelled to' ailmit that his entertainments are the inort uuiquo uud surprising of the kind evtlr (xbihitcd in the ' colonics, Tlin Melbourne. Leader. says of Dr. Silvester's 'entertainment It is sufficii ntly vitiied to prevent weariness, and it litis n oertuin scientific interest which will huply provoke inquiry (bat may lead toad vantages bdvoti'i mere amusement. Tbo Fakir himself is one of those pleasant ra:n it decs one good to hear talk. He takes yon into his co i- fidcnce as if, you were part of bis company, so that you (an burdly.help feriiiig inte rested in what be does and, says." Am <ng, the cbiof novelties is tlie niagic founiain, " with its rising and; falling and. clmd spray, its feathery br'ahebing muvemcuts, ;and its suddcu graud. risings, as if a tower of fire bad'all at once leaped out of 'the earth towards tlie sky, you- seem as if you5 were falling into a delightful day dream, aud begin.tn forget gross' things of earth;- There U also a magie .cascade ; a ghost illusion, "in tho shape of.an episode repre senting a miser gloating, over his gains,, and seeing ihc gnosis of those whom .his, avarice haskillcd," Then there is the suspended lidy— a wonderful feat; a phantascopic .exhibition, ventriloquira by. the Fakir's son, a id miny- other wonderful, performances. As the Fakir's s'ay'ir/ : Hobart Tuwu is limited, uo opportunity' sliould bc missed of. Bccing him, and us be. has been cxptcted .borp for some time, and his performancM having, excited such in- t(r<siin the oihcr colonics, wc look to see a full house greet jbitn this cvening. Tnu Launccston - Examiner of the 13th instant has the following paragraph A TparnedVMiiiistry.r'.-A-o.irrc8pondent sug-, ge8:sthat i he present Ministry should be! known as the .'darned Miuistry' in rifer- cncc to Sir Jobn Cu ler's ' strckings,' 'and the objection the public have to the darn- iog1 ; process of keeping np a Cabinet from materials so' different from Tho original fubric. Our American causins might think the term appropriate for other reasons." Fbiday's Chronicle Biy 3 : — "An applica tion wns made to His lioootir, Mr Com missioner Wbitefrord, yesterday in-Cham bers, in the bankruptcy or Betjamin Wil liamson Campion, by Mr Alfred Green, o-i behalf of the Launceston Equitable Building and .Investment Society for nn order that tho Registrar of the Court, as- ex officio trustee of the property of B. W. Campion, should deliver up to the socioiv certain deeds and documents, representing for tho most part inortgag. s to tH© society, so no of wbiob wtre not fully, executed, some not .attested, and m arly nil of them, not lightered. The application, which was m writing in the form prescribed by tho Act, contained nn undertaking hy tbo treasurer to the sooiety to abide by any. present future order of the Court, as to. payment of costs due by the society to the. estate of the bankrupt, nnd was supported by affidavits of Mr Patrick Roland, late managing clerk to Mr Campion, in relation to. tbo several deeds embraced jo the npjili- cation,. After Inuring tlio arguments of counsel,, in support e f tho applioution, Ufa 1 Honour declined to accede to it, d'cmitg it would. be more fitly rcecrvo I an il after, the clccthp bv the creditors of a trustee t » represent their interests, the meeting for .which purpose will tako placn ivittiin a wctk. Applications for deeds and papers, tis might lo supposed have been numerous ainco the aojuuicatton ot tbis very peculiar case," The Grand Lodge of the I O.G.T. will resume business nt 9 o'clock, tbis morn ing, when representatives nro r quested to attcad. , . \ On the question of the vacant sent for. the Central Laimeeaton, the Examiner of Thursday says;— 44 Captain Gilmore has intimated bis intention of presenting him- self for. re-leotion, but we anderstand that ho wilt mect'With'oppopirJonMn the.pnrson of a enndidate in every rerpsct eligible to represent the distrist. of Central Launecs- ton. The 'lectors. would, therefore, do well to abstain from pledging themselves until after the nnm nations have been made. Moreover, wo have it on good authority that Captain Gilmore,. should b» bo returned for Central Launcesten,wUI seize the first opportunity to obtain n seat in Legislative Council. If this be true, lie is only, making a convenience of the elec tors, and putting the country' to "add!-' lional exn»nse to forward bis own porsons) intorcBts," A railway to the North Pole is one of the latest projects. . The following nhn is suggested by a 'correspondent of the Scientific American t--14 1 propose to reaoh the. North Pole by the construction of an overground tubular rqilroad, ( under tbe auspices of several governments, which should pay sufficient money to ' construct' suitable shops for the making of a wooden tube, 5ft to 6ft in diameter, to be made io light Beotinns for transportation. After some suitable leading place bas been chosen, the road could be commenced at the dock."'1 THe teeoHo.n'-'nf'the tube coul ! bo placed on a car which would' fun inshlc of tho tube and be propelled by baud, and furnished with a light, strong, convenient dummy engine and boiler, to: bo used when required. Theoretically, this Idea has many points of great benefit <o t' e explorers. A car can be madu aud furnished with nearly all the comforts of a home ; and the xube, getting covered with snoxr in the winter/ would be.quito warm. With properly constructed stoves.' plenty of provisions, ) and fuel, a scientific party could pass- uj wihtcr'in the tubes quite cWfortftbly; 'I havo iio doubt but that there arc plenty of civil nngiuccrs who would jump at the chance" of con-, tructing .a road of this nature if s did Government support; was; guaranteed. If this'idca proved feasible, ' jnnd the barrier of 120 miles that is supposed to exist could' bo overcome, and-thc unexplored surposed open sea found, cthis road- could bo mado the means of carrying ? material tnr the construction of 'fishing-vessels,. If the open sea docs exist, there is no doubt that : whales are jp ; bo found. r)there in immense numbers, so , as to. make the. rond prodtahlo, and furnish .oil for the- people when tbe products; oft be .oil-region com > raence to give out) Shelter in, nearly all emergencies vronld be, foundjn a.V road of thjs description., .Wrho can tell -of,, the behifits (but iuiglit. come to the . nations if tliemysterlV of tho vast unknown region , could be brought to light? , The outlay ; on a road , of this character would be a mere bagatelle to the : results, that would accrue from it." It is : satisfaotoiy rto learn (says tho. . Sydney ) Evening News) that; tbe = New. Zealand cable is a great success,: both in. a. financial way and in the 'way of -publio donyenienqe. Tho javeragc nunibor ; of messages tran?mi!ted»is between 60 and 70, a'business wbich,:<if it' will continue, will pay largely.) - r'. . ..l 