À STORY IN FOUR PARTS. " CHAPTER Vijf. ( Continued. J AT TSE HO ti'hi E 8 . í: If Mrs. Braid's spirits were depressed be fore,'; vere doubly so now. , She silently sat at tho table, while Bora and her husbanc resumed their old positions ; and to add tc themelancdjiply influences, the wind had risen and; was moaning jand dashing the rain against thei;wiudow6, with a violence which threatened almost to shatter them. At ten o'clock Geoffrey proposed they should jetire to rest. itfrsj Braid oáused a fire to be lit in bei chamber.' Her braiu was too troubled to admit , of sleep ; so, after partly preparing for bedy ;¿he put on a dressing-gown, aud eat Íowp beside the cheerful blaze, to ruminate. ,'te last words of Geoffrey Maitland's had raised .some dreadful thoughts in her mind ; £he more she pondered, the . more reason there seemed to be in the terrible idea he had suggested. There was no denying Dora'6 manner ,was aud had been most, inexplicable. And yet, a few months back, before she came .into that fatal inheritance, no girl could have ? been more cheerful and contented, and less "'given to moodiness. , The change had come upon her from the Hay Geoffrey Maitland's f-hadow crossed her life.' Tn the depths of her conscience there »4.hovered, sad reproaches against her inter vention to promote the marriage,, though it had turned out better than, she had antici pated. When it was an accomplished fact Dora seemed gradually to conquer her first aversion and submitted to her fate with passive resignation, But,' after all, it was only resignation hot happiness-not èvèn contentment. Was it these enforced, nuptials-for enforced they really were-that were. preying ripon', her mind,, and, perhaps, weakening her intellect ? The thought made Ker feel uneasy ; but repentance for her work Came too late. Death alone could undo what she had helped io do. . It was by her connivance Dora's fatè was linked to the inscrut'nWc man for whom she now entertauied a feeing little short of dread, ärid in whose h'ands;síÍB ,fcn0t| both to be as . helpless as infants.'*, ^.j,...- , . . In sucdi agitating aiid absorbing thoughts time passed on' unheeded., When she looked cjit her watch it was, past twelve.' She had heeivsitting inning two hours, and yet sleep was farther alway than ever.' ëhe rose," and pulling aside the blind, looked Out of the window; . j .., ., f The rain had ceased; the moon was ¿hiñirig, but fleecy clouds, driven by violent gusts of wind,1 scudded across ¿'nd dimmed its JigK.; I ., ... M,. M. X , V She turned again towards the fire, but dreaded to lapse into hór old train of thouglits.' A book might distract her mind, and soothe' heif to sleep. She remembered Dora had brought a novel with her, which she left Upon1 the dining room table., She did not care to; wander ; about the gloomy house aloné; but anything, was better than to longer endure her own thoughts. . Taking up brer camile, she opened the door and found the óbjeét o'f her search.' But as \ she was Quitting. the apartment, a gust of wiód extinguished lier caficHe; , For. a nioment thc darkness was intense ; but' grèping .Kef way, with nb little tremor, /to thé foot of the stairs, she found herself in ' the TJMÓníight, . which was shiniiig through a window upon the fi^t landing. She had just put one foot upon the bot tom stair,: when' she fancied she heard a faint rustle above.' ..,,,.» She glanced upwards, and saw a figure clothed in white, swiftly descending ; the moonlight, half dimmed by clouds, fell upon her garments ; but the features, over which hung, in wild confusion, a mass of long,, fair Lair* Were in shadow. Mire. Braid staggered back into the dark ness, and clutched at the viall for support. She sáw no inore, bul there came distinctly upon her ears a long Bobbing moah. How she reached' her room she could never Remember. When recollection returned, she ' - ^fter ^ little refleotion^ hbwôVOTj deavoured to laugh it off, y ' You admit/ that your mind was disturbed -in a morbid condition. The shadow of, a passing cloud in the moonlight might easily, under the circumstances, produce thc appear ance you describe.' * As surely as*I shall one day have to an swer for all .my .earthly acts, I 6aw what I have told you. It was no delusion j I assure you/ * But what do you believe it to be ? Surely you cannot be so weak-minded as to believe in ghosts V I 'I^canoffer no^explanation, bul simply 1 tell you what I saw. I would not pass an other night beneath this roof for worlds.' ' Very well, you can go ; still, I and. Dora will remain. I must look into this mystery myself.' Th» determination;on his part shook her resolution a little. What excuse could 6he .make to Dora ?-for she would not have told her the cause on any consideration.^ While she was alternately trying to nerve herself to remain, and to inveut ßome prob able excuse for her departure, Geoffrey came in to say the carriage was waiting to convey her back to the Hall. 4 But I do not think now I shall go,' she answered, rather surprised at Maitland's haste. ' The proposition first cinanatedjfiom your self, and it is now my desire that'yon should carry it out. If you romain, you will be in fecting Dora with your superstitious notions, and her brain is full enough of fancies al ready.' As well argue with Destiny as with this passionless, inexorable man. She was too accustomed to unquestioning submission to all his commands to even de mur beyond a faint, ' What will Dora think, or say V ' 1 will find an excuse to her. I have sent her across tho moor (or a walk. Maka haste, and begone before she returns.' With the strange contradiction of human nature, she would now have given the world to remain. A fee'i ny: had come npon her that she did not like lo leave Dora lhere. And yet what harm could happen to her trheii her husband was at her side ? Dora was greatly surprised to hear, on her return, that her aunt had gone back to Har rington. ' What -is the meaning of it ?' she asked Maitland. : '.Oh, she has got some silly fancies in her head,', ho answered, carelessly ; ' so I thought it better she should leave.' « What fancies V . ' You must excuse my answering the quos lion. . The reply would not edify you.' .But do not wc return to-day V 1 No ; not until to-morrow.' . She said no more. She also had learned the futility of argumeut with this- man. Yet she felt strangely uneasy at her aunt's de parture, and the dread she Ind experienced Upon first entering the house had by no means diminished. (.During the remamder of the day, before dfn'ner, Dora wandered listlessly about the garden and out npon the'uibor, with Geoffrey at her side, but both silent. The meal wai a'60 despatched in rulenco, then each took up a book to read, or to pretend to read, until bed-time ; but his eyes were constantly stray ing over the pages, watching his wife. By elov^i o'clock all had retired to rest, iand the house was tri darkness. An bout passed away. Brightly alione the moonlight through thc staircase window, not dimmed and flooded with clouds as on thc previous night, but clear and calm ; and down the stairs agaii glided the white-robed figure, with its fail dishevelled hair, upon which the moonbeams glittered as the figure passed ; and following close behind came this, time another form-i dark one. Both disappeared into the dimnesf below, and again rose that moaning sob upoi the silence. The minutes rolled on into half an hour and then out of the darkness issued tb white robe, still followed by its dusk; attendant, and passed up the stairs, and wa .lost to sight. Again all was still. Then the night ai bore upon its wings a smothered cry -rtt the trampling of feet. These sound" histec but a moment, then all wa¿ ^co mor' I li "shed. ?Éy^oon after day-break lhere was a ring H^^^Mk^ a running up and down stain Majori, and shortly a li alf ^^^^^n horseback, galloped ^^^^^^^rir^wced. ^^^^^^^^^^H^miigiiig ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^vith " Tbo doctorVá^ ' followed. : The vehicle door wie shut, and the horses driven rapidly towards Harring ton When, they arrived there, the form was taken ont, senseless, as before. In the hall! it ras mel by Mrs. Braid. ^ ' What has happened V she shrieked. 'Oh, Dora, my daflirig, is stye dead ?' - Geoffrey clutched her arm, and drew her aside. ' Hu6h 1' he whispered. ' She is under the influence oí an opiate. There was no other way of bringing her 6he was so viole^!' 1 What do yon mean V 1 My worst fears are realised ! She is mad !' . 