TOWN TALK. Our Home Letter will bo found on tbe fourth page. The Hunters' Gold Cup, to be run for at, the forthcoming Winter Steeplechase meet ing, the manufacture of which was entrusted to Air E. Fischer, of Great Eyrie-street, has just been finished, and will bo on view for a few days at Air Franks'. The committee, in selecting the design, were evidently actuated with a desire to give the winner of our Ama teur Steeplechase somethiug useful as well as ornamental, a golden goblet in which he could, without danger of injuring the vessel, quaff sparkling moselle, the ruby vintage of tho Aloorabool, or the more homely, but equally popular, amber-hued ale of Geelong. The upper portion of the bowl of the cup is surrounded by eight equine heads in solid gold, whilst underneath there are festoons of leaves suspended by golden ribbon knots, which add much to the beauty of the whole. Horseshoes and whips, encircled by wreaths, are to be seen on foot and stem, and it will be generally admitted that the trophy is of graceful design, useful, and valuable, its weight being 13oz of good IS-carat gold, and its height 14 inches. Very general was the sympathy expressed yesterday for Councillor Hodges when it became known that, after a short, though painful illness, his much respected wife had passed away. , A notice of the death appears in our obituary column. A rather sudden death occurred yesterday morning, near the Aloorabool Viaduct. Airs Williams, wife of a yigneron and farmer, took ill on Saturday afternoon. Her illness did not betray any alarming symptoms till seven o'clock yesterday morning, when doctor was sent for shortly afterwards. At ten o'clock, and before Dr Fincott, who had been summoned to attend, arrived, Airs Williams died. An inquest will j^pjiably be held to-day. {p. v. The youthful supporters of footb.-'all in larat were sorely discomfited by ay decision of the central umpire given in tljie match played there on Saturday afternoon ( betwc the Geelong and Ballarat Clubs. The deci sion was in favor of the Geelong players and the youngsters shouted at and pelted the visitors with mud. However, friends are generally to be got when least expected, and a dash amongst the juveniles was made by Sergeant A1'Sweeney, who happened to be on a visit to Ballarat, and he "wired" amongst the boys with a cane which quickly had the effect of stopping their sport, if not of teaching them manners. Those engaged in the manufacture of homccopathic medicines should, if they really, wish the treatment to bo successful, take care that every globule contains the proper proportion of the medicine it is sup posed to possess. Eitherto so-called globules of; Belladonna recently administered to a child at Cobden contained no Belladonna at all, or the quantity of the poison in them must have been even less than" is generally supposed. Air Johnson, the analytical chemist, stated he had submitted Aconite and Belladonna globules to. a chemical analysis, and found them to he composed solely of sugar. The train from Ballarat was unusually late on Saturday night. It started from the gold fields more than half-an-hour behind time owing to the delay on the part of the train from Ararat. ... , We have received from the librarian copy of the roles that are to be observed in the management of the Geelong Free Public Library. These, ..34. in... number,bear evi dence that they have been carefully framed, and should they be as rigidly observed as can be desired, the management; will be as nearly perfect as possible. It is hoped that Rule 30, more especially, will bo strictly carried out. This provides that" any per son mutilating or otherwise injuring any book or property of the institution, shall be fined a sum equal to the amount of. damage done." It would," indeed, be beneficial if this rule could be practically applied to readers who are so fond of writing comments, and, generally speaking, most , stupid com ments, too, in books taken away by them for perusal from another public library in town. The steamer Cheviot, lately arrived from Newcastle, and lying alongside of the Yarra-street Wharf, was decked out by a profuse display of signal flags and general bunting on Sunday. During the afternoon the vessel was thronged by spectators, who visited every part of the steamer, many of them going below to minutely examine her splendid looking machinery. A young man named Benjamin Halifax was arrested on Saturday night by Constable Caulfield on a charge of having used obscene language. The prisoner struggled and as- saulted the constable. The resistance was so great that Constable Clark had to lend aid, and it was found necessary to tie Hali- fax's legs together, and carry him to the lock-up. The prisoner was afterwards ad- mitted to bail, and two charges will be pre- ferred against him at the Police Court this morning. The silly fellow who has recently been personating a ghost at Harton Hills has been caught. He was seen by a farmer, named Harding, and a laborer, named Flower. Whilst the latter was on his knees, praying to be saved, Harding went in chase of the ghost, who turned out to be a woodsplitter, named Robert Downie, who said he was only larking, and would not do it again. Influenza is so prevalent that it was abso lutely annoying to hear the frequent cough ing and sneezing in many of the churches on Sunday. The free library connected with the Yarra street Wesleyan Sabbath Schoolhas received by the Northumberland another valuable addition to its shelves of about 150 vols., amongst which we notice the following :— Remains of-Xost Empires (Myers), Life of Bishop Patterson (Tonge), Livingstone's Last Journals (Waller), Health and Education (Kingsley), Laud of Moab (Tristram), His tory of Methodism (Stevens), Westminster Abbey (Stanley), St. Paul's Cathedral (Mil-' man), Ocean World (Figuier), Nature and the Bible (Dawson), Four Pillars of Temper ance (Kirton), Half-hours at the Seaside (Taylor), Half-hours in the Green Lanes (Taylor), Sketches of Irish Character (Mrs S. C. Hall), Wonders of the Deep (De Vere), Bible in the Holy Laud (Stanley), Memorials of Canterbury (Stanley), Hymn Writers and their Hymns (Christophers), Fate of Sir John Franklin (M'Clintock), Two Years in East Africa (Jouveanx), Out of Doors (Kev. J. G. Wood), Talmage's Sermons (vol. TV), The Three Marys (Stuart), Battle and Bur den of Life (Baldwin Brown), Praying and Working (Stevenson), The Moabito Stone (Walsh), Life in Jesus (Winslow), School boy Honor (Adams), Memories of Gennesaret (Macduff), The Gospel and- its Fruits (Wil son), and Scenes in the East (Tristram). The shipment also includes about 100 vols, of the latest missionary, temperance, and religious tales, from Nisbcts, Seeleys, Shaw, and other publishers. Wo understand that with this addition there are now 1S50 vols, in the library, besides nearly a hundred works of reference for teachers and senior scholars. In many of the churches yesterday re ference was made to the great progress of the work undertaken by the Bible Society. The society's usefulness was generally al luded to, and earnest prayers for the con tinuance of that usefulness wero made by the various clergymen. There was a very large congregation at the High Church on Sunday evening, when the Rev. T. M'Kenzie Fraser delivered one of his fortnightly lectures on " Scripture Cha I'acters. At the conclusion of the service the reverend gentleman mentioned that the next lecture would not be delivered till the beginning of August owing to his absence in Melbourne after next Sunday. Mr Fraser informed his congregation that he had made arrangements for his pulpit to be filled dur ing his absence by clergymen of well-known ability and popularity. Anniversary services in connection with the Church of Christ were held yesterday in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute. In the morning addresses were delivered by Messrs George Exley and Picton ; in the afternoon by MrHamill, who spoke upon the "Bible and Bible Societiesand in the evening by Mr Picton, whose subject was "Happiness :• where and how to possess it." There were fair attendances on each occasion, and the discourses were attentively listened to. This evening there is to be a tea and public meet ing in the Temperance Hall, when addresses are to be delivered by Messrs M. W. Green, of Hotham, George Exley, and others. Those who were fortunate enough to be in attendance at the Geeloug Quoit Club ground on Saturday, witnessed one of the most interesting four-handed matches that has been played there this season, the players being Messrs Kinjg and Cox v Messrs Hawkes and Rippon. Considering it was the first time he had played on the ground this season the champion was in good form. He led off in brilliant style, but by steady play his opponents managed to cut in, and after contesting point and point up to 15 all, they went in and won by 21 to '16. In the evening a meeting was held when- Mr James King, president, occupied the chair, and the secretary announced- he had re ceived a letter from the Birregurra Club fixing Monday next as the day on which a team of eight would be sent down to play a match at Geelong. Having learnt from' somo of our players that Monday would be a most inconvenient day, lie had written suggesting an alteration. If this was not agreed to, the match would have to bo played, as suggested by the Birregurra Club, on Monday, and it would therefore be neccs- I gary to choose a team. Tho following were | ,-ssrs King,- Rippon,. Hawkes, Cox, Tern- j pleton, Colledge, J. Brearley, and J. King, junr.; emergencies, Messrs M'Mulleh, Kelly, H. Brearley, and Fletcher. It having been decided that the above-mentioned players should attend at four o'clock on Wednesday, afternoon for practice, the proceedings ter minated in the usual manner.: It had been arranged amongst tho mem bers of the Corio Bay Rowing Club to have scratch four races on Saturday afternoon. Only a few members mustered at the boat shed, and two crews, stroked by Messrs Hall and Brown" respectively, faced the starter. A capital race was rowed by both, crews, and Hall's proved- victorious with a length to spare. The Chilwell Protection League will meet | this evening at the Sawyera' Arms at S o'clock. A general, meeting of the subscribers to the Free Pubiic Library will beheld this j evening at 8 o'clock. A meeting of the Moorabool Ploughing I Match Committee will be held this evening J at St. James's Vineyard. A special meeting of the shareholders of ' the North Stciglitz Quartz Mining Company will be held at the company's office this ifternoon at 4 o'clock. The price of the tree-guards supplied by Mr Robertson to the Newtown and Chilwell Borough Council was 6s 7d each, not 7s 6d, as reported-on Saturday. ' Something like making a penny and losing a pound is illustrated in the arrest of a man named John Adcroft, which took place last week. In August, 1875, a summons was issued against the man at Glenlyon, for ille gally cutting timber, but he did not appear to answer the charge. Accordingly, as' we learn from the M. A. Mail, a warrant was issued for his arrest, and after it had laid dormant for nearly a year he was found at Echuca, and taken into custody. On being brought before the local .bench, on Tuesday, \ he was remanded to Glenlyon, a township in . the Castlemaine district, about 100 miles away. The expense of capturing the pri soner, detaining him, and sending him on to ' 'Glenlyon amounts to about £10 or £12 a sum which the Government sacrifice in order to enforce the fine of 5s or 10s, with which the offence of cutting timber without a licence would be punished, were it proved. Of course the law has to be vindicated,- and the principle involved, that a summons of a' court cannot be ignored, must be carried out; and the case is merely put a3 ilius. trating the apparent anomaly stated in the opening of this paragraph. Unless prompt action is taken, it appears extremely likely that the dredge will not as promised, be sent down to clear the .bar cutting before the commencement of the wool season. The Williamxloion Advertiser says: .—"As we anticipated, a Bh'oal was dis covered in the West Channel at the very nick of time when an excuse was required to got the dredge down to Sorrento. The sand bank appears to have disappeared in a most miraculous manner. This shows to what length' the present Government will go to placate their friends. It is simply mon strous that Hobson's and Geciong Bays should be neglected while a petty place like Sorrento can'obtain anything they ask." The discouragements of an inventor are alluded to as follows by-tho Kyneton Guardian" An appeal was made at the committee meeting of the Kyneton Agricul tural Association ou Thursday last in a ' letter from Mr Thomas Harvoy, of Preston for aid in bringing bis • invention of a reaper and binder to a successful issue. He stated that he has expended some £600—all his means—in the construction of two machines and that without assistance he will not be ■ able to carry out the affair. He complained that the farmers, said to him, 'Harvey, go on! you are right, but we want more of you,' but they gave him no further aid, al though they would benefit , most by the suc cessful issue of his invention, and concluded . - ■with the hope 'that he should not have to do as ho had done—trust in God and go on.' Mr Harvey's letter was simply received, and no action taken upon it. If he snccecds in inventing a reaper and binder which will effectively work iu tho field, he must do so without the active support of the fanning community, but the moment his invention is perfected, if he has not a patent, it is certain to be pirated in a hundred directions." The following little bit of sharp practice was brought under the notice of the Albury Banner a few days since. It appears that a local storekeeper received, one day last week, a message from a customer requesting that certain samples of drapery goods should be sent down for the customer's approval. Tho sender being a person in a respectable posi tion, the goods were duly forwarded, only to be returned as unsuited to the requirements of the purchaser, who requested that another sample might be sent. This request was complied with, and again the parcel was re turned. On a third demand for a change being made, an assistant in the shop sug gested that as the customer was a stranger it might be as well to measure the piece of goods before sending it away. This hint was acted upon, and, singularly enough, a few hours later, when the piece was re turned as unsuitable, it was found that about four yards had been cut off. The store keeper, as may be imagined, was wroth at this attempt to impose upon him, and at once sallied forth to express in plain terms his opinion of the transaction. At first all knowledge was denied of the missing four yards, but the soft goods man persevering, and determined to have his own, managed at length to obtain possession of the cut length. It appears that the piece jumped out of tho bulk of its own accord, and hid itself away under the table, where it was found to the intense surprise of the customer. An American paper states :—" On the 20th February, Captain 'Williams, of Mont gomery, Ala., killed his three famous Poland China pigs, Bonanza 2nd, Boston and Lconi das, all bred by himself. The combined weight of the three, dressed, was 1653 lbs, as follows :—Bonanza 2nd, aged 18 months and 12 days, weighed 679 lbs ; Boston, aged 15 months and 13 days, 540 lbs; and Leoni das, aged 13 months and 9 days, 434 lbs. An American journal of 24th. March, 1876, states as follows " The amount'of cotton goods exported from New York last week was valued at 250,000 doL, or at the rate of over 13,000,000 doL a year. A portion of these goods went to England, but more than half to China—which were brown drills. If our cotton manufacturers can compete with Great Britain for the Asiatic trade, there will soon be a revival of business in New England cotton mills." 