VICTORIA COURSING CLUB. WATERLOO CUP. PmsT Day.— Monday, 17tu Jdly. Tho fourth annual competition for tho Waterloo Cap was commencod last Monday, under most favorablo circumstances. Tho weather was all that coursers could desire, and a largo number of sporting gentlemen availed thomaelvea of tho special traiD, which left Spencer-Btrcet at a quarter-past eight, and arrived opposito the well known Vinoyard paddock shortly after nine. ' ' Tho beating of Mr. Elliott Blake's juveniles through tho vines wag not productivo of any sport. Afterwards a move was made for tho Bido of tho ? bill, with much better results, oloven trials being obtained when tho order for lunch was given, provided by Mr. G. Maygor, caterer for tho V.C.C. After lunch a movo waa made for tho open plain, where fur was very abundant, though a trifle wild ; nevertheless twelve good trials were obtained. The field arrangements, under Mr. E. Blake's supervision, wero very good. Several well-known bookmakers wero present, and specu lated very freely on many of tho courses. Great surprise was manifested at the result of somo of tho trials, especially that between tho favorito Madcap and Lucy, the latter racing past him after tho first turn, and scarcely giving him an opening. Tho spectators appeared to havo lost all control over themselves, and forgotten, for tho time, that thoy wore in a coursing field, whilo tho above trial was going on. Mr. Gardner, with tho exception of two trialp, gavo satisfaction, tho remainder being very one-sided. 11. Banner handled the slips on this occasion fairly. The coursing was stoppod by five o'clock, twenty-threo courses and and an un decided having been obtained. The following aro the results : — Watehloo Cov, for sixty-four all-aged grey hounds al £25 each. Winner, £500 and a silver collar, presented by the club ; second dog, £200; two dogs, £50 each ; four dogs, £30 each ; eight dogs, £20 each ; .sixteen dogs, £10 each. L. Nolan na W. H. Fajan's r w d Tannliauaer. Nut lad — Animosiiv, bc.it Dr. Fetherston'a 1 d Filbert, Nutlad-Med.' T. H. Lcm;iricre'g bo w d Loyal, PcllMell— Saucy, beat E. tiatonby'a bit \v d Cacique 11 , Kcgukis — Resti- tution. J. Wuitlingliam'a w d Bigmere, Bcndiincre — Fair Helen, beat. J.' Wolstcnholme in G. Plant's i d Ilcrod tho King, Wizard — Fanny. J. B. Pennon ua E. Wall's w bo d Rambler, Little King— Countess, beat J. W. Fleming na G. Plant's bo w d Abiinelcch, Billy's Bargain— Bertha, H. Gore na J. Wolstonholtnc'd r w d Windcrmore, Cum'oden— Minnie, beat H. S. Barrett's bk d The Baron, Poll Moll— Fly (Uecd'a). A. H. Gardener's hd b Brindiai. Horniblow— Here- lord Lass, beat H. Fishcr'a na R. Chiruside's r d Royal Water, Cauld Kail— Kosowater. D. Jonca'a w bk U Cheviot, Countryman— Nora, beat C. B. Fisher's r d Rainbow, St. Valentine Simplicity. M. Buckley'a r d Euclid, Wizard— Lady of Lyons, beat J. Edwards, jun., ns Messrs. Scrrcll and llilla'a w r b Malvern, Invcrnivon— Gosling. M. Whelan's w bo d Wild Wood, Cumloden— Wattle beat W. H. Kockc'3 bd d Rilleman, Sedan— Pate. B. Hepburn 113. F. O. Robertsou'a bk w d Rapid II. (lato Rapid), Hamlet— Norma, be.it D. Richardson ua B. Lee's r w d Snowstorm, Bredal Dane— Lady Thrift less- F. D. M'Leod na J. Bonnctt'a w bk b Kew Girl, Nullad— Romp, beat S. Bright ns Dr. Robiuaon's be d Squib, Rocket — Wing. P. II. Fanning na W. Watson's bit w d One of tho Twolve, Claverhouse— Nellie, beat T. W. Bcckwith'a bk b Busy Bee, Westlake — M133 Lcnnie. J. L. Vi'ilson na J. Wagner's bk d Welshman, Son of David— Bit of Blue, beat D. M'Brydo'a bd b Miaty Mori;, I'refct — Patti. C. Lempricro's f b Lucy, Pell Moll— Fly (Reod'a), beat J. llundav'a r d Madcap, Nutlad — Mcd. E. M. James' r w d Cockatoo, Prefct— Jesaie, beat W. James na J. Wagner'a 1 d Treaaurer, Cashier— Marvel, A. Uopkins's f w d Sea Breeze, Sea Swell— Fly, beat J. do Paaa na G. Watson's rxl d Gander, Invcrnivcn— Gosling. S. Renwick'a t d Scotland, Blairgowrie— Robina, beat W. Watson's w be b Lady AuUlcy, Plato Dresser— Princess Mary. J. Wajrner'a bl: d Charon, Poll Mill- Nellie, beat S. Austin's w bo b Avaion, Rattier — Sea Silver. J. Klltott Bhkc na J. J. BuokiandVr wd Duke, Wellington— Fly, best J. If. Uichardaon ns W. B. ivouiiudviiiuH r u uuuier 11. \\-a\o uaiucr;, xoung Brows — Lady. W. Travors na.D. G. Clarlic's bk b Gipsy, Major Spruce, beat lit. nockett us M. Murphy's r d Rich mond, Wizard — Floea. K. L«e na A. H. Gardener's bk w d Ghinnl.Glimiii, Vancruard — Viclf, beat W. J. Clarke's bk w d JJoney/noop, Wutlad— Animosity (dr). A. K. Finlay's f d Terrapin Tower, Iora— Nil Des nerandum, beat J. H. Sievvvright ns W. Doulau'a I d Tom Cat, Ben— Beauty. T. K. Bennett ns D. Jones's bk w d Jucrurtha (late Cupid), Wellington— Venus, beat A. P. Kudd's I w d Rebel, Invcrnivcn— Hecate. J. Gricc ns J. Wagner's f n Mhs Walker, Pc'.l Mcll— Nellie, und A. 'A. Austin n9 S. Austin's w be b Brilliant, Rattler— Kitty, ran an undecided. The lirst pair of dogs handed over to Banner v/ere Filbert and Tannhau&er.; The former ap pcarod to have tho best of tho lead up to tho hare, when Tannhauser raced past him, lotting in tbo Nutlad pnppy, who wan not able to hold his own with his more ancient brother. Loyal raced away three lengths before Cacique II., and was always clevcrcat in a moderato trial. Bigmere led up Herod the King, turned and served him self, pjacing the King, who was never able to hold his awn. Rambler and Abimelech wero slipped to a good liaro, both getting unsighted momentarily, when the tormer raced up for first turn, and in tho shortest of trials killed and won. Windermero led up Tho Baron any number of lengths to tho hare, and held undisputed sway to tho vineyard. Hoyal Water went away with a great dash from slips for first turn, lotting in Brindisi, then raced past aud looked liko winninc huh tho Rvdnntr hitph to.iq nnfc tn hn denied, and when once placed she commenced to scoro rapidly, and wound up a n inner in a long pipo-opencr. Cheviot led up Rainbow four lengths, and in a moderato trial was always suporior to tho latter. Euclid never allowod Malvern a phanco on a stretch to cover. Rifle man led Wild Wood for first turn, sorving him self, when he placed the Cumlodon dog, who could not hold his own, Rifleman racing past him again, and after putting together a good score, appeared to die away, \Vild Wood follow ing his game but seldom scoring. Fiat for Wild Wood. Rapid II. led up Snowstorm, and in a trial of avorago length scarcely allowed him to score. Kew Girl led up Su,uib to a good hare, and after a well-contested trial, tho former won m.thcr easily. Ono of tho Twelvo raocd awpy from Busy Beo for first turn, letting in tho Oaks victress, but she could not com mand hor place, Ono of the Twelvo racing past her whenever ho liked, and winning a good trial. Welahman .showed most paco, and never allowod Miaty fllorn to Bcore in a long courso to the- vineyard. Great excitoment was shown during tho next courso, which was between tho Derby winner, Madcap, and Lucy. After somo time had olapsod, they wore slipnod very evenly to a grand hare. Madcap lequp about two lengths and turned, after which tho slut put in a lot of clover work, and was always faster in a trial of average length, which ended in both dogs stopping in full view of their game. Cockatoo showod more paco than Treasurer, and won- a long courso rather easily. Gander was lengths faster from slips than Sea Breeze, but after a very Bovoro gruelling course tho lattor stayed longest and won. Lady Audlcy seemed to havo tho foot of Scotland until they disappeared in a hollow. On coming in view again Lady Audley was still leading, and brought tho courao to a termination with a clover kill. Scotland rccoived tho judge's vordict, much to tho nurpriso of moat of tho spectators. After a no go, Avaion and Charon wore despatched to a good haroj tho latter showed moat paco and -won easily. BaiUer II. was equally as fast as Duke, but tho latter sliowud b3ttcr staying qualities and won. Gipsoy nevor allowed Richmond to Bcoro a singlo point in a very long gruelling coarse. Ghinni Ghinni ran a long bj« single-handed, Honoymoon having burst a blood vessel tho provions day and diod. Terrapin Towora showed moro paco than Tom Cat to tho haro, and after a good give and take courso won easily. Jagurtha (lato Cupid) mado a shocking exhibition of Rebel, leading him np and never allowing him a show in a long course. Misa Walker and Brilliant wero slipped to a good tare, which led them over a creek and up a steep bank on tho othor sido. Tho judge losing sight of tho dogs through being unable to rido fast up tho bank, gavo tho course as undecided, Secohd Day.— Toesday, 18m July; Tho unpromising aspect of tho weather on Tues day threatened, at ono time to retard sport, but as tho day woro on things began to look moro rosy, and the rain in tho early part of tho day only tended to make it better for tho dogs' feet. During tho first half of tho day expectation woro a very gloomy appearance, as only five trials wero the result np to lunch time, when a halt was made at tho far sido of Moonio's paddock. The beaters from this out wero favored with luck, as sixteen moro trials woro obtained, the hares being beaten up out of the creok, and afforded excellent trials, tho majority being in view of the spectators. Tho field management was good, and the officials worked well. Tho judging of Air. Gardner gave universal satisfaction on this occasion, whilo R. Banner bandied tho slips ia good stylo. Tho following aro tho results : — First Round (Continued). J. Gricc na J. Wagner's f b Miss Wulkcr, Pell Meil— Nellie, beat A. A. Austin na S. Austin's wbo b Brilliant, Rattler— Kitty. J. C'a-ku na F. A. Winch's bk w d Wlstfom, Nutlad — Animosity, best W. Lync'i na. ''. W. Btckwith's r d Demoniac, britieh Grenadier— Becky Sharp. W. P. Buctianaii ns W. II. Hocke's l)d d Right Bower, Springbok- Vcnio, beat T. lleuty ns A. K. Finlav'abd b Fiona, Bethel— Cataclysm. II. 'Grconc'a \v t b Faith, Blondin— Saddle, beat T. Bait's bk w (1 Merry Monarch, Seaman— Nellie. J. Elworthy'a i d Pirate, lied Rover— Kcho, beat H. B. Dc la Pocr Wall ns J. T. T. Bmilh's bd w d Uwordsman, Warfare -Milady. D. G. Clark'B f w d Loup Garou, Pilot— Fly, beat W. M'Culloch na J. Ritchie's bk w b Hiot, Cumluden— Vaniafc. G. Watson na J. Watpier'a r w d Sandy, Master M'Grath— Medal, beat C. II. T. Hart ns W. K. Thomson's bk w d Stranger, St. OonncH— Ruby. J. Shcrwiu na D. Jonce's bk wd Jupiter, Wellington — Vcnua, beat G. Whittingluim's w i d Mickic Frto, Cumloden — Lais. W. K. Thomson's bk b Rod noEO.Lancaatcr— Godiva, beit J. M'CulIoch'a r b Wild Flower, jGicnavou— Wee Flower First Ties. Loyal beat Tannhauser Bigmere „ Itimblcr Whulenuore „ Brincliei Kuclid „ Cheviot Rai.id II. „ Wildwood Kew Girl ,, One ol tho Twelve Welshman ,, Lucy Cockatoo „ Sea Brcczo Scotland „ Charoo Gipsey ,, Duke Ohiiini Ghinni „ Terrapin Towers lliaa Walker ran a bye. The following is a resume of tlie trials :— Miss Walker and Brilliant were handed over to Ban ner in tho Monnt Misery paddock. The former raced away with a strong lead, turning and wrenching, letting in Brilliant ascending the hill. Miss Walker again raced past, driving her game in good stylo, winding up with a kill and winning. Wisdom and Demoniac, after a no-go, were despatched to a good hare, tho former lead ing and winning easily. Kiglit Bower led and beat Fiona in a short spin to tho creek, which was crossed, and Faith and Merry Monarch placed in slip. Tho latter got best away, but was passed in the run up by Faith, who was always too bandy for this big son of Seaman— Ncllio in a good working trial, and killing. Swordainan led up Pirato, puss- circling to the latter, placed him well for a succession of points, which ho held throughout a merry spin. Riot ami Xioup ware u wem irora an uneven sup, DOtn getting unsighted ; tho latter, however, not on to tho bare again and put ia somo work before Riot got in, but she was not ahlo to hold her own with the fast aon of Pilot. Sandy and Stranger wont aa if locked together, tho former drawing out a length on reaching puss, and in making a terrific drive he tumbled a com plete somersault, hut was up and in again, both doga fencing grandly. After crossing the fence it was plainly to bo seen that the winner of the last Waterloo Cup was winning as bo liked, having lost none of his old firo. To a long slip JiVi'.cr led and beat Micky 1'reo in .1 beautiful wuiking trial, in full view of the spectators. Wild Flower led Red Rose, and gained first turn, but as the latter warmed to her v/ork it was evident tbat Mr. M'Culloch'a bitch was not ctever enough for Red Rose. First Ties. — Tannhauser led Loyal six lengths to a good hare, placing the lattor for a point, when Tann again came, but making a stumble, was never again in the course with tiiia fiue son of Pell Moll. Bigmcro aud Rambler wont a cracker from tlio slips, puss favoring the latter for tho turn, leaving an opening for Bigmere, who went on scoring rapidly, and winning a good trial. Tho next course, being betweon Winder mere and Brindisi, was lookocl to with great in terest, as both aro reputed flyers, tho latter boing backed to land a good round sum. Contrary to expectation, Windermero led her tbrco lengths, scoring threo before letting her in, but sho was unable to keep hor placo, and tho slashing son of Cumloden went on with tho game, winning as he liked i# ono of the best treats of the day. Euclid lod and beat Cheviot in a short spin to cover. Wildwood led Rapid II. for first blood, but going down tho creek the lattor passed him, and iu a short spin Wildwood was beaton. Kow Girl stretched out two longtbs before Ono of The Twelve, turning, and giving him an opening which ho could not keep. After a few moro ex changes tho apoHtlo appeared to warm to his work, and waa scoring rapidly when puas blinked hor pursuers in tho creek. In a racing stretch Lucy led Welshman, but when entering Iho creek throw up tho sponge, letting Wolshman go on alono aud win. Soa Breezo and Cockatoo were treated to a raro gruellcr along tho bank of the creek ; tho latter lo-l nud turned, giving way to Sea Breeze, who worked roll for a time till going out of sight, when Coo'' .:: too np pearcd in possession, ,11. l receive! t'.ie ju'lgo's fiat. Scotland ran a short bye ami ki! '.--. 1. Gipucy beat Duko in a abort trial, tbo ':-ttcr killing. Ghiuni (ibiuni led up Terrapin Vowcr, anil beat him haudsomely in a long pnu^cv. Alias Walker ran a bye. This finished up the day's proceedings, and all made hot haste to catch the Jive o'clock special. TuinD Daj.— Wednesday, 19th July, The special train on Wednesday conveyed a very largo numbor to tho trystiiig spot, Wal lace's paddock, Diggers' Rest. His Excellency Sir George Bowen was present; also a fair sprinkling of tho gentler sex. Tbo cloments during the foronoon wero oxtrcmcly favorable, a southerly broeze with a littlo sun; but towards throo o'clock arthreateniug shower camo at last, and kept on till proceedings woro stopped at fivo o'clock, Tho trials were of a good naturo, and game was plentiful, which may easily bo imagined from the number of courses run during theuay — twenty-eight ; a good day's work. Mr. Gard ner's decisions on all occasions wero received with satisfaction, whilo II. Banner's slipping was in his usual excellent stylo. Tlic following aro the reaultB : — The Waterloo Cop. First Ties.— (Continued). Right Bo\Y«r beat Wisdom KaitU „ Pirate Sandy „ Loup UaroU Red Roso u Jupiter ?Second Ties. loyal beii Bi(rmer« Windenrcro . „ Euclid Kew Girl „ Rapid II. Cockatoo „ Welshman Gipsey „ Scotland Misa Walker „ Ghinni Ghinni (Ur.) Right Bower „ Fuith (dr.) Red Roao , . ? 11 Sandy Tbc results of tbe trials are as follows :— Wis. ?lorn slightly led Right Bower, who shot past for first turn, sending puss to Wisdom, who handled it once or twice. Right Bower now got well placed, and drove puss to the creek, a clover winner. Pirate -went as if unsighted from tbe slips, Faith going on and winning. Sandy led and beat Loup- Qarou in a Bhort spin to tho railway line. To a so-bo Rod Roso placed tbreo lengths between hoiEelf aud Jupiter, Red Roso killing. Second Tics. — Loyal and Bigmero cannoned in the run up, tho hare favoring tho latter for first turn, when Loyal raced past him and novor allowed Bigmere another cbanco in a spin to tho covert. Wiudermcro raced clean away from Euclid, and rarely allowed Mm an opening in ono of tbe best trials of the day. Kew Girl always showed superiority over Rapid II., in a good pipe-opener. Cockatoo never allowed Wolshman a chanco to scoro whilo in sight. Gipsy .was unsighted from tbo slips, allowing Scotland to score, when sho sot sail after tho game, and, getting well placed, won a moderato trial easily. Faith and Right Bowor ran an undecided. Tho former was afterwards drawn. Miss Walker rau a byo single- handed. Rod Roso led Sandy, and turning, placed tho latter. Both dogs now drovo togotber at puss, who was so close to the fence that each struck heavily. Red Roso was first through, and in a good working trial completely outpaced tho son of Master M'Gratb. Tub Watem-oo Purse.— For thirty-two dogs beaten in tbe first round of tho Cup. Winner, £75 ; second dog, £30 ; two dogs, £15 each j four dogs, £10 each j eight dogs, £5 c.v;b. ' Cacique II, beat Filbert Abimelech ., IJerod the King (dr.) Tho Baron „ Royal Water (dr.) Uaivcrn ' „ Rainbow Rifleman ?. ? „ Snowstorm Busy Bco „ Squib Madcap „ Miaty Morn Treaaurer . „ Gander Lady Audley ? „ Avaion BalHcr II. „ Richmond Tom Cat . „ llonevmoon Brilliant ? . „ Rebel' riona . „ Demoniac Swordsman „ Merry Monarch Sttaneer „ Riot Wild Flowor ' ,; Mickic Frco The running of tho Waterloo Purso w.19 commenced with '. Caciquo II. defeating Fil bert in a long trial. Abimolccb and Baron, to save a course, ran their byes- to gether. Malvern nearly left an opening for Rainbow in a nic'o spin to the railway lino, when puss blinked lior pursuers. Rifleman never al lowed the great Snowstorm a ghost of a cbanco iu a neat trial to covert. Busy Beo won a neat working trial, in among tho spectators, from Squib. Madcap raced away at a great bat from Misty Morn, showing more determination than on tbe lirst day, arid winning. Treasurer led Gander until' reaching puss, when tho lattor forged ahead for tho first turn, allowing tho Stormont Plato winner an opening, which ho took, and was always cleverest in the trial. In a circular conrso Lady Audloy beat Avaion handsomoly. In a neat give-and-tako trial B.iltlurll. was much too good for Richmond, Tom Cat ran a gruelling bye with a kennel companion. Roliel led up Brilliant, but on ncaring tho hare Iho latter shot past tho son of Invcrniven— Hecate, and beat him well. After a 'no-go,' Demoniac led Fiona, and placing her, sho kept possession well, and won. Swdrdsman, in a long stretch, led Merry Monarch ton lengths, going out of sight, the former, gaining the judge's good opinion. Riot led up Stranger, and in ono of the neatest trials during the meeting tho latter won. ? ' , Fcurth Day. — Thursday, 20rn July. Proceedings were commenced this morn ing under very favorablo circumstances, but as tho day woro on a nasty drizzling rain set in, and continued nearly the whole of the. afternoon. The attendance was not up to any of the previous days. Game was not very plentiful, although several grounds were tried. Tho ' beating of Mr. 15\. Blake's juvenijes was very good at times. Up to lunch time only six trials were obtained, and four for the remainder of tho day. There has never been a meeting beforo this ono whore so many dogs have beon drawn ; yesterday there wcro niuc. Tho. judging, with ono exception (the course between Wild Wood and One of tho Twelve), gave satisfaction. The following are the bmmUs : — Waterloo Platp. Rambler beat Tannhauecr (dr. 1.) Crindiai ' „ Cheviot (dr.) Wild Wood , ,,. One of tho Twelve Lucy ,, ' Sea Breeze (dr.) Sukc ,, Charon Terrapin Towere and Jugurtha both drawn Wisdom beat Pirato (dr.) Loup-R&rou; ,, Jupiter (dr.) Waterloo Cop. Third Ties. Windcrracre ' . bent Leyal (dr. J.) Qockatoo ,1 Kow Girl Miss Walker „ Glpwy Red Rose . „ Right Bower. Waterloo Pprsb. First Ties. Cacique II. beat Abimelecb. First Round of Waterloo Plato.— Rarablor and Tannhauser ran an uudecidod. The latter was afterwards drawn. Brindisi ran a bye singlo haudod and killed. Wild Wood got beat from slips, but was passod by Ono of tho Twelve, wbo had possession up to tho hill, where puss bunked her pursuers in the thistles. Wild Wood getting sighted began to dust puss about, when tho ' Apostle ' racod up and took it away, driving magnificently down the bill and along theflat, Wild wood getting placed twice by favor. Ono of the Twelvo '.round up with a kill. When tho judge decided in favor of Wild Wood a general murmur ot dissent waB audiMe amrng tbo spectators. Lucy and Dnko ran their byes together, and so did Wisdom and Loup-garou, Terrapin Towers nud Jugurtha both being drawn, finishing up the first rouud of tho Plate. Third Tios of Waterloo Cup.— Windermero wont unsighted from slips, Loyal going well on tho lino of his game, and gotting into work, when the son of Cumloden raced up aud passed him, driving puss well along a nice stretch to the creek, where both lost tho hare. This courso was undecided. It was found when Loyal was Eicked up that he was severely injured, and is owner wisely drew him in favor of Winder mere. Contrary to expectation, Cockatoo was always faster than Kew Girl in a long working trial, and won. In tho undecided between Miss Walkor and Gipsey tho latter looked to havo tho best of it, Miss Walker gotting unsighted. In the run off it waa a near thing, Miss Walker just winning. Red Roso led and defeated Right Bower in a raro ' pumper' across tbc creek, moat of it being out of sight of tho spectators. First Ties of Waterloo Purse.— Caciquo II. led Abimelech, who, howovcr, got well placed, and looked liko boldiug his own till going out of sight over tho hill. Ou coming in view again Caciquo II. had tho trial well won. Tho Waterloo dinner in connection with tho Victoria Coursing Club was held at Scott's Hotel on Saturday evening, and abont fifty gentlemen woro preaont, Alter th toasts of tho Queen and His Excellency 81'r ftcorgo Bowen had been duly honored, Mr, W. K. Thomson proposed- the health of Mr. W. J. Clarke, tho president of xthe Victoria Coursing Club, and referred in eulogiatio terms to Mr. Clarke's liberality in placing his estates at the disposal of the coursing community, and in everyway furthering the sport in Victoria. The toast wa3 drunk with prcat onthusiasm, and Mr. Clarke, in respond-, nif/, expressed the pleasure it gave him to be proscnt that evening, nnd to have it in his power to advance the interests of the clab,. He concluded by expressing a wish that tho grumbling elemont would be absent from tho Waterloo meeting, and advise4 those who lacked the spirit to accept a defeat gracefully to form a club of grumblers among themselves. Nominations for the Ballarat Champion Stftkfis lopon} closo on tho 2Gth. The above stake in only tor doga who have been left in any four of a. btako. Nominators will elect their own slippor. In this branch there is sure to bo a littlo cotn« petition, as Banner, Bignell and Wilson intend sondiiig in testimonials. Honeymoon, by Nutlad— Animosity, who WAS running in Mr, W. J. Clarke's nomination for the Waterloo Cup, is dead. A post mortal exaraina.-' tion was mado when it was discovered that ho- died from inflammation of tho kidneys. A committee meeting in connection with Iho. Williamstown and Wyndhain Coursing Club was held on tho 20th iust., at the Court-houso Hotel, Williamstown; Mr. 11. Cherry presidingf Tho consideration of the complaint againpt Mr.' Finlay by the Kilmoro Coursing Club was po'dt ponodfor further information, Four raomberso'E committee having forfeited thoir seats by 'non-at- tendance, other membors woro nominated in their stead. It was decided' to advertise for judge arid slipper for the Australian Champion Stakes, to be run in connection with -the club on the 8th August nnd following days. Nominations for this meeting must bo made on or before the 1st of August. 