THE CLOSING SCENE. . The following is pronounced by the Westminster .eview to be unquestionably the finest American poem Sevr written : "*ithin the sober realm of leafles trees ' The'roBset year inhaled the dreamy air; ile'nuom tanned repeoi, in his hour of ease, .,When all the flelds are looking brown and bare. . The grey barns looking from their hazy bills, : O'er the don waters widening into voles, Bent down the air a greeting to the mills, SOn the dull thunder of alternate flails. All aights were mellowed and all sounds subdued, -'The bills seemed farther and the streams sang low, '. in a dream the distant woodman howed "',His winter log with many a muffled blow. ,Te embattled forests, erewhile armed with gold, The banner bright with every martial hue, Jaw stood like some sad beaten host of old, SWithdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. n' sombre wings the vulture tried his fight; S'The dore scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint; 'al like a star, slow drowning in the light, lThte vTillage church vane seemed to pale and faint. Uae 4entinl cook up in the hill side crew 3nOrew thrio-and all was stiller than before -int, till ome replying warden blew cE Mis lion horn, and then was heard no more. '? a the jay, within th elm' t ' tall crest, j1Ide ralbýuls trouble round her unfledged young; 40hW'a W the oriole swung her swaying nest, -'~oisey light wind like a conser swung. When sag At hnoisy martins in the eavee, -.shelbasy awllows aircling ever near ireboding, as the iustio mind believre, ..'A ealy harvest and a plenteous year. ih i trery bird that waked the vernal feast SShBok .the aweet slumber from its wings at morn, Ajlrsiehe. raper of the rosy East S.l nobw was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Anloe~lfron out the stubble, piped the quail, ~.eAnd aroaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; A-'n the pheasant drumming in the Tale, -;ni.ade eho in the distance to the cottage loom. ';.xre was no end, no bloom upon the bowers, "fleiaris moved their thin shrowds night by night, Stiit .downothe only ghost of flowers, a r owvy by-pased ~oiseless out of eight. sjl.tbis, in this most dreary air, :And where the woodbine sheds upon the porch ·gm oa eaves, as if the year stood there, ,.1ing the foor with its inverted torah i ' all thi, the oentre of the scene, '?Jli whiteshaired matron, with monotonous tread, .illd hei?b ift wheel, and with her joyous mein 5'fletiLsbite, and watched the flying thread. labdj known Sorrow. He had walked with er ,~Oft ampppd, end broken with her the ashen crust nd " inth dead leraes she still heard the stir 'o is thict mantle trailing in the dust. ,.hile yet her cheek was bright with surmer bloom, w'i ieuntry summoned, and she gve her all; Bai twite war bowed to her his sable plume legave the sword to hang upon the wall. s" te hiord, hbt 'ot the hand that drew Lnd trus for liberty the dying blow I \- ?dfr.foi who, to his sire and country true, i'I.als the ranks of the invading foe. a bu, t not lond, the droning wheel went on, Sake ths~bow murmur of a hire at noon; ong, but not loud, the memory of the gone Breathed through her lips a sad and tremulous tone. At last the thkead Wra snapped, her head was bowed; Sife droppedthe distaff through her hands serene; tad loiing eighhours smoothed her careful shroud, While deth ant winter looed the autumn scene. ?T?, T - . B. BrAD. 