" THE HEART" SALE. The sale of the Heart property took place on Thursday, in Melbourne, at the rooms of Messrs King and Cunningham, the auctioneers. The following are the results, which we take from our contem porary's telegram: Allots. I and 2, 911a Ir 17p, £15 5s per acre, Wm. Montgomery. Allots. 3 and 15, 957a 2r 1p, £9 15s., per acre, Wm. Montgomery. Allots. 4, 5, 6 and 7, 137a Or 33p, £14 to. £16 15s, Wm. Montgomery'. ,. Allot. 14, 191a Or 13p, £12 10s, Wm. Montgomery. Allots. 2a to 23, 1039a 3r , 12p, £5 10s to £6 12s 6d per acre, Wm. Pearson. Allots. 18, 636a 2r 23p, £5 17s, O'Brien, of Berwick. Allot. 8, 399a Or 33p, £9, Thos. Johnstone Allot. 13, 1,002a 2r Op, £8 5s, Jas. Lyon. Allot. 9, 33a ir 4p, £15, H. Luke. Allot. 10, 33a Ir Ip, £11, H. Luke. Allot. 19, 529a Ir 4p, Samuel Cobain. Messrs Essington King, J. Trood, Bird, and Walsh were also purchasers. The total average of the lots sold was £8 14s 2d per acre. Allot. 7, at £16.15s, was the highest price. The Bundalaguah farm and Glenfalloch pre-emptive sections; also Lots 24, 25, 26, and 27, containing 1447a Or 12p on the Heart Estate, were not sold: LECTURE ON SUPERSTITION. At the meeting of the Youug Mlen's Christian Association on Wednesday even ing last, Mr Ilowden in the chair, Mr T. Gutbridge delivered a lecture on Superstition, of which the following is a condensed report: The lecturer stated that under no ordi nary circumstances could the subject which he had taken in hand be treated exhaus tively, and that he only pretended to pre sent an outline for the discussion of the members. lie referred to the various re ligions which held sway among the inhabi tants of the early world, and said that of course the same term could not be applied to the elaborate and comparatively refined creeds of say Greece and Egypt, as would with propriety be used in speaking of the degrading rites of the Ashantees. Every where there were traces amid the darkest superstition of the shining of the true light, and one of the grandest ideas of the most refined and coherent creeds was the belief in the struggle between the good and evil principle, with the fnlual result of victory on the side of the right and the true. Although unnumbered ages might puss away before the conflict came to a termination, still right and justice would at last triumph, and all things would be I again restored to their pristine state of purity and innocence. Several instances of the purer and more ennobling features of the ancient were given and commented on, and the lower nod more modern aspect of superstition was taken up. WVhen me diaeval Christianity had endowed the author of Evil with attributes and power hardly second to those with which it had in vested the Creator, the most horrible atrocities under the sanction of the law and the gospel had taken place. In an cient times those who pretended to be the vehicles selected by the immortal gods for their communications with men had been held in a sort of reverence, but when ignorance hail decided that the devil played a more important part in the affairs of the human family than the Deity himself, the natural result followed that the snore helpless and unfortunate were considered as active agents of the evil one in assisting him in his designs upon the race. Hence arose the dreadfll scenes which were enacted through Europe for nearly a century and a half. The female sex was credited with supplying most of the infernal agency, because it was argued that it was only natural that the repre sentative of our first mother, over whom Satan had achieved his original victory, would be more likely to be easily pressed into his service as being the more open to his diabolical cajolery. Neither genius, education, nor religion itself appeared to be any safeguard against the incredible folly of this belief. Bacon, Luther, Wesley, and Johnson were adduced as examples of this. Even now every mail brought us news of the lingering traces ot this de basing superstition in the older countries of the world, and until every child was taught that nature was firmly bound by laws to which she must pay obedience, anti no hand but that of its Maker can interfere with its operations, this idea will never be dispelled, nor will it even then from those minds which perhaps are not wholly responsible for their natural ab jectuess. Whether that interference ever took place, the lecturer could not say. Personally he did not believe it did. The belief in ghosts seemed to be a rather harmless sort of superstition, and so long as children were not frightened out of their senses, it did not seem to matter much as to whether people believed in them or not. The narrations, when it was thought worth while to sift them, seemed generally to he met with a fairly natural solution, and the fact that as en lightenmuent advanced the supernatural visitors became scarcer, seemed to point to the conclusion that they were chiefly the result of ignorance and fear. The belief in the second sight of the IIigh. lauders was gradually disappearing from the same cause, and would no doubt soon dwindle away. As to presentiments, they were chiefly confined to persons who had good grounds, considering the chances against their safety, to fear the result of their undertakings. In reference to Spirit ualism, it seemed to the lecturer that it had not suceeeded in bofering any better or purer faith to the acceptance of man kind than that which they had been taught for nineteen hundred years, and as it was as easy to believe in miracles which had for their object the alleviation of human suffering and sorrow, as to attach importance to those which had been oftend surpassed by the use of mechanical means, it was better to wait till science turned its attention to the phenuomena of spiritual ism, and pressed its forces into their proper channel-the amelioration of the human race. The lecturer concltuded by a refer ence to those great teachers who had appeared in every age, and whose influ. ence was still felt in the world, proving that at all times some glinmnering of the true light shone through all the darkest night of ignorance, and in all ages and conditions of the human race. The usual vote of thanks was tendered and acknow ledged. 