f» . ., - - .. ROME AND THE RABBIS ON I TRADITION.. j The Church of Rome .and the Rabbis pre- V,' tend that 1 ' accepted along witli" the WoH as a test of our faith.' ahdKfe.'- '" 'Both profess ( that tradition must be j>ut 7iext but not above, the Word -and yet' ther followers of ,, Rome and of the Rabbis are better ac quainted with :the laws of tradition than with those :>of the Word of God. Very frequently it happens that the ordinances .. of tradition are" decidedly opposed to the Word of God, and still they are complied with by their votaries, The superiority which they accord to. tradition is manifest from the following facts (1) The Word of God must be explained in accordance with the expositions given by tradition; (2) Tradition must be obeyed where the Word of God is silent ; (3)..It must be complied with even when it is clearly opposed to God's declarations. It must, however, be allowed that, in the latter case, an attempt is made to. recon cile by Home artificial means traditibn and God's Word, as if. the warmest champions of Rabbinism and the Councils, felt it necessary to be strengthened : by the power of God's Word. ' Romanists and Rabbinical Jews have, therefore; very much neglected the study, and more especially the spreading, of the Bible — with this difference, however, that whilst the Romanists have actually for bidden the reading of the Scriptures in the vulgar tongue, the Rabbis have never gone so far, though they attached more value to the study of these writings than to that of God's Word. Rome declares that, ignorance is the mother of piety. Rabbinism, though fostering spiritual darkness, has. ever promoted learning, and attached great value to it. A Jewish child — a boy, at leaBt — is in early life made acquainted with the law. All the Psalms are repeated every week by orthodox Jews according to their division into six parts. . Law and Psalms are frequently read, though .very few understand what they read, or still less know their power. The prophetic Word, however, is generally neglected, so much so, that he who occupies himself earnestly with the study of prophecy is considered to be half an apostate', but even those parts of Scripture which are generally read, are only considered as containing a list of duties which ens must know or try to perform in order to' avoid punishment and secure reward. The whole law, Jew ish writers affirm, contains 248 commands and 365 prohibitions— the first corres ponding to the members, and the latter to the nerves of the human body (!) The reading of the Law and the Psalms is a task which must be got through, very fre quently hastily and irreverently ; but very few realize the preciousness of the Word, and find it a delight to meditate on God's testimonies. On the other hand, many spend a great deal of the day, and even of the night, in the reading of Rab binical books. A learned Rabbinical Jew would feel embarassed if he should fail to know what thi3 or that Rabbi teaches ; but he would not mind much being found deficient in the knowledge of the word, of the prophets. Proceeding from the principle that the oral law, or tradition, is equal to the Word, serves, as the Rabbis call it, as a. fence ; they have detracted from the glory of the Word, they have put it in the background, t Every one knows how much more this holds true in the Church of Rome, which, no doubt, has much reason to withhold the Bible, lest her adherents should discover the flagrant contradictions between her creed and the Word of God. Everything is done to propagate the laws of the Church and the biographies of self-made, so-called saiuts ; and even the priests know much better the brevarium and the canons of the' Council of Trent, than the writings of Moses, the prophets, and apostles. Rome fears nothing so much as the Bible, knowing perfectly well that this is. her greatest adversary, which alone can andwill overcome <her. Till lately Roman ists have been required in Austria to hold conversations ' with the priests, and to be specially instructed by them for six weeks before they were allowed to join a Pretest- ant church ; in thoee days even some of the cleverest Jesuits dreaded these conver sations with plain persons, because- they could not refute the arguments drawn from the Word of God. ; It thus becomes' our ' duty and our privilege to maintain, against Romanism and Rabbinism, the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible. 'Rationalism may compel us 1 to lay all stress on!thejpro'po- sition, the whole Bible; the other two demand of us to defend that other saying — nothing but the Bible. Rationalism; Romanism, and Rabbinism, all three, though vastly differing among themselves, have this in common— that they are dero gatory to the authority of God's Word; for it . is weakened, whether one takes from it, or odds to it. The Rabbinical declaration is : " Every one is bound to divide the time of his study into three parts : one- third is to be devoted to the written . law ; one-third to the Misrah; and one-third to theGemarah;" so that the law of God is to have only half as much attention as the traditions of men. : . Romanists burnt Bibles even in London, which Rabbinical Jows have never done ; nor have they, as the present Pope, con demned Bible Societies, or confiscated Bibles .which travellers, carried with them. That they are bitterly opposed to the read ing of the New Testament is generally known. Rome and the Rabbis hold frequently the same errors ; but then the greater darkness is to be found in Popery, because it was surrounded by the full light of the Gospel, and has shut its eyes against it. As to the spirit of persecution, the world has had awful opportunities of seeing what Rome is able and willing to do. ; but it has seen little of the effects of Rabbinical principles, a3 they had never the power to show themselves. Rome and the Rabbis equally demand that obedience to their enactments which is only due to God ; they have acted cruelly against all trans gressors, and wherever they were allowed to do according to their own desires, they have punished the offenders very severely. If the Rabbis and the Romish priests were the divinely appointed interpreters, of God's Word, and their laws were as much inspired by the Holy Ghost as those con tained in the Scriptures, then we should no doubt be required to submit to them as to God's will. But, hitherto neither Rabbi nor Priest has been able to prove the divine right of tradition ; and no wonder, for the proof cannot be given, un less you are willing to admit that God's Word is insufficient in itself, or laclcs that perspicuity which is required in order to make us wise unto salvation, and to be a lamp unto our paths, Till that proof is given, we shall rest satisfied with the declaration of David, "The law of the Lord is perfect, making wise the simple ;" and with that testimony of Paul: "Prom a child thou hast known the Holy Scrip tures, which are able : to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus." " All Scripture nothing is said of oral law or tradition is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for repreof, for correction, for in struction in righteousness which contains everything. . that is required That ; the man of God may be perfect what more is needrid ?, thoroughly furnished unto all good works" (2 Tim. iii. 15-17.) It sometimes happens that in the pas toral addresses of cardinals, or bishops; tor of the Pope himself, the Bible is, quoted, and the passages referred , to are specially mentioned. But, then, what do these quotations avail if the Romish Church never allows the reading of God's Word except when special permission is given, and even then condemns every interpreta tion as heretical which is : not in full accordance with that of 'the Church,? Why quote the Bible which you may hot read; or ;i£ allowed to read; you : may 'not explain ? ;i! J ' ' ' .. : ; -(| PROTESjTAiSAND POPISH OHABiTiEs7!.i(?) — We aito glad to. see ; that in the long list of subscribers to pay off the debt of the House of the Good -Shepherd the jiamest,of so-called Protestants „were remarkable for their fewness. We, .think the revival of Protestant feeling,1 ( andj the, opening of Protestant eyes; and the jtearmgpff.pf tbe Popish mask of-, late years, has shown i its fruit in this result. Archbishop Vaughan indeed boasts that the debt was paid by " all denominations : but jfchis1. is a com mon dodge almost played out, to nail a few stragglers outside' the pale, and talk of them' as "the representatives of all deabriii- nationB. In this case there were eighteen, the sole result of so much badgering, begging, bullying, and considerations ,of trade. We are sorry to see the namejof one Orangeman amongst them, and he,. we hope, may not miss the effect of Dr. Vaughan's prediction that ' the Heretic donors .will be rewarded: and. blessed, — which of course can only mean that they must first he converted to the "Popish Church, since he is bound by his Church to believe that otherwise they must; be cursed. There are a few othera inthat bad eminence amongst the eighteen whom we regret to Bee there. . For the thing-is not a charity first, but a Popish engine first and a charity only as' it subserves that purpose. We find something of the same thing again in the patronizing names of the St. Vincent's ball, in aid of an in stitution which has been .lately proved to imprison young women, so that, one of them desiring to be honourably married, had to break away or Bteal away to accomplish , her laudable purpose. When the "officers of the garrison," and the " managers of banks," and other wise men are asked to help such Romish engines, can they hot try a question in return, and ask whether Romish bishops would approve of helping Protestant . institutions ; or even what help they give to institutions which an neutral, such as the Infirmary, Ranpwick Asylum, «fcc. We have been just lately somewhat candidly informed on this point, on very high Romish authority. We give it here as it appears in the Liverpool Mercury , and it ought to prove an eye- opener to some of our purblind patronizers of Popery. Catholicism y. Pkotestaxtism. -7 Mon- SIGNOR CArEL ON, RECEIVING, AND GIVING. — On Wednesday,, the new Roman! Catholic Ghnrch of St. Mary was opened at Bradford by the Bishop of Beverley. The chnrch has been built at a cost of £10,000, principally raised by working men, and accommodates 900 wor shippers. At the opening ceremony, the sermon was preached by Monsignor Capel, who also spoke subsequently at a luncheon in connection with the opening. In referring to the fact that among the subscribers to the building fond were several Protestants, Monsignor Gapel said that it was quite right that they should accept subscriptions from Protestants towards their churches and schools, but it should be understood that Catholics could, not in return subscribe to Pro testant churches or schools. This was because of the very different principle, from which Catholics started. Protestants said it did not matter what sect a man belonged to if his fundamentals were right ; bat Catholics, though they did not say that all would go. to hell who were not CatholicB, said that there was only one true religion, one true path marked out by Christ ; and they do not believe that in the case of a Protestant the fundamentals. were right. Our Enlargement. — We find that the pro posed enlargement of the Protestant Standard to twelve pages, demy, gives general satisfaction. We begin with omen on the 22nd instant, when the full report .of the anniversaries of the Boyne will occupy the space afterwards to be. dedicated to general reading. We will, so soon as th'e pressure of these reports is over, begin an "o'er true story," illustrating the villainy that is wrought by that choice instrument of modem Popery — the Convent School, Some of our readers will perhaps be surprised when we tell them that a few subscribers, preferring a lower price to an improved paper, have absolutely withdrawn, daunted by the terrible phantom of one penny. They are penny wise, pound fool ish. They . would like the enlargement very well if the whole expense of it was borne by us. The Freemati's Journal, miserably edited, costs sixpence, — and the Protestants of Queensland do not grumble to give sixpence for their Evan gelical Standard, — but some few soul3 in New South Wales grudge four -pence for an enlarged Protestant Standard ! There is a wonderful charm in the three-penny piece, whether for Protestant advocacy, or for the Church plate. The Great Anniversary.— We bid our con stituents again the compliments of this glorious season, and we hope the glorious Twelfth will be enjoyed with the old enthusiasm this year. The religious service in the Exhibition Building on Sunday afternoon will be a fitting prelimi nary, and we hope the arrangement will enable the voices of the ministers to be heard better than on former occasions — the chief difficulty has always arisen from the noise of feet outside the 'sitters. If anything can be done to mend the matter, we are sure it will he done. The day itself, the Twelfth, will he everywhere kept, riot orily in these colonies, but over the whole world. The openly-avowed hostility of the Bopish rulers to the commonest toleration of liberty of worship, or even of existence, to Protestants, .has given ari'impetris to the Orange cause which cannot be resisted. It is felt that the principle which triumphed at the Battle of the Boy no is the same principle which is still assailed by the Papacy, and that it is necessary to revive that spirit of William by which the intolerance of Ultramontanism was beaten down in, 1690, if we are to check it in 1876. "Our Father. " — Dean Sheridan made a terrible row at the Randwick Asylum Board this' week, because in the hospital the Matron, being'a Protestant, has been in the habit of say ing "Our Father," the first two words of the Lord's Prayer, and allowing the Protestant and Roman Catholic children to go on by themselves with that common prayer of all Christians. Dean! Sheridan doubtless meant to teach Romish children that they and the heretic chil dren have not one Father — even God. Perhaps he thinks that the little Papist's father is "Our Lord God the Pope. "|| 