MAEYBOKOUG-H. March 20. Tho examination before tho Police Court of the man Rixon, who is charged with tho mur dor of his wife, has been again adjourned. The man declared that ho saw tho ghost of tho murdered woman, who described to him tho manner of her death. Ho says ho then told tho police, and honco ho -was pijroated. The evidence is said to bo very strongj against him. Held Over.— Owing to press of matter several correspondents' letters aro unavoidably held over. Our Southern Teleouams. — Wo aro again without our Southern telegrams, owing to an ?'-iterruptton in tho line. Eaiily Closing Association. — There will bo a meeting of those interested in this movemont on Thursday evoning, at 8 o'clock, at tho Tempe rance Hall. The Western Monarch. — Mr. Hamilton has telegraphed for more tents, and hands to erect them, on Peel Island, for the accommo dation of the immigrants by^tho Western Monarch. Consequently tho K4fc^. will proceed to the island to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock with extra tents and twelvo men. Insolvency. — A meeting of creditors in the insolvent estate of Geo. Darley Harrison, lately carrying on business, as bookseller, in Queen street, was held this morning in the Supremo Court library, J. Mackenzie Shaw, tho Regis trar, presiding. There were about nine credi tors present; soveral debts were proved, and, on on the motion of Mr. J. U. M'Naught, seconded by Mr. G. Slater, the following were appointed a committee to inspect the in&ohent;'s estate : — Messrs. John Warde, Otto Hagen, Geo. Slater, and J. U. M'Naught. Queensland Theatbb. — ' Life in the South' was well patronised on Saturday night, and the company having settled down to their parts, the piece went smoothly throughout. Tho drama, although its incidents are not too connected, is very amusing. The stump speech which Mr. Hydes delivers as Wool again proved very diverting. Tho piece will be given again this evening. Musical Union.— The first of the two con certs to be given by the Musical Union comes off to-night, at the School of Arts, when Mendelssohn's fine oratorio, ' St. Paul,' will bo performed. The practising members are well up in tho work, and a good result may be looked for. Wo understand that His Excel lency the Governor has expressed his intention of being present to-morrow evening, at the second concert. West Moeeton Agricultural Society. — We have been shown a very handsome silver medal awarded to Mr. Monahon, cooper, of this city, by tho Ipswich and West Moreton Agri cultural Society, for his exhibits of wine-butts and collection of coopering materials at the last show of the society. The medal is exceedingly well engraved; and around the inscription are fruit, flowers, and fig, tho Emu and Kangaroo. We understand that the die was cast in Ipswich. ' ? ? Pbesentation to an Oddfellow. — In pursu-' anco of a resolution passed at a meeting of the Prince of Wales Lodge of Oddfellows, some of the members of the lodge met. at Mr. Prentice's on Saturday evening for the purpose of pre-. senting Wm. M'Gregor Gordon, -who! has f«r some time past filled tho'offioe of N.G., -with a certificate of-merit from tho lodge in recogni tion of his sorvicos in connection with the Order. As Mr. Gordon is about to proceed to Scotland, thoso present -wished him a happy voyage and a saf« return. Mr. Gordon leaves to-morrow, by the City of Brisbane. Addition to the Museum.— The latest dona tion to the museum consists of a valuable col lection of .woods, comprising no less than fifty three different sorts of tho most useful colonial woods to be found in tho country, and will form a very advantageous addition- to the botanical department of the muBeum. The collection took a prize of £5 at tho exhibition at the School of Arts, and has now been presented to tho museum by Mr.Wm. McGregor Gordon, prior to his departure for the old country. ?? The Cooktown Herald and JCfiBifL.— Tho Editor of tho Cooktown Herald has his hands pretty full just now of other business besides that of bringing out his paper. On the morn ing' of tho 4th instant, tho editor, at a very early hour, received a visit from two legal gen tlemen, eaoh of whom politely handed him an invitation from His Honour Judge Sheppard, requesting an interview at Bowen within the month to, show good oause why he should not be ammerced in £2,000 'damages and £16 16s. costs, on account of two libels printed againBt two legal practitioners in the town. The editor of the Herald writes a leader on the subject, and so gets in both the alleged libels a second time, and so far 'bests'- the other, -side. For the alleged libels themselveB, wej refer our readers to the Cooktoum Herald, of 'Maroh 8th, premising .that there is not much in them. Shipment op Frozen Meat. — Notwith- ; standing tho delays which have, been rieces sarily caused in the preparation for tho Bhip- ' ment of meat undor tho freezing 'process, by tho late fire at the Dixon-stroet works, still the honorary secretaries are glad, to be able to record that every exertion is being made to put matters to rights. In consequence of the difficulty of obtaining labour, it may yet be a month boforo the real work of killing and freozing can bo commenced. The maohinery for use on board ship is being pushed forward, and promises aro mado, or at least hopes are held out, that this too will bo set up and ready for testing in two or three weeks. Tho hon. sees, aro glad to say that their hands are boing strengthened by tho aotion of the Molbourne committee, who publish regular lists in the Argus, and who are making every effort to supplement the Now South Wales and Quoens. land subscriptions. An addition of £3,000 or £4,000 is still wanted to complete the necessary ?uat. .???? New Plantain.— Wo havo received from tho Acclimatisation Society somo fruit of tho D' Almeida plantain, a varioty received by the socioty from Singapore Tho fruit, which was over ripo, is excollont, woll filled out, and of a very agreeable flavour, and will bo a valu able addition to our list of plantains. Australian Postaoi!.— According to a Lon- ; don telegram of tho 18th instant, tho proposed! increaso of postngo botweon England and Australia v ia Sim Francisco, has been postponed until next year. Queen and Empress. — A tolegram in tho Courier states that the Times, Mr. Gladstone, th0 Marquis of Hartington, M.P., and Mr. W. E. Forster, M.P., urge that tho Queen's title of Empross' should bo mado to extend to tho colonies. The Theatres is London. — At Christmas timo thoro wero over fifty theatres open in London and threo cirousos. In addition to 'these tho numerous music halls gave dramatic performances in ono shapo or another. Indu3 Immigrants. — Tho following immi grants by the Indus, who wore unable to obtain employment in Maryborough, arrived by the Lady Bowen, s., on Saturday night, and pro ceeded to tho depOt : — 2 single girls, 24 married couples and children, and 39 single men, making in all 102 statute adults. Their occupations aro as follow : — 2 nursemaids, 23 farm labourers, 1 gardener, 2 minors, 1 shepherd, 1 surveyor, 1 butcher, 1 ' French polisher, 1 tobacco-pipo maker, X telegraph erector, 3 engine drivers, 4 painters, 1 iron turner, 2 turners, 1 storeman, 3 fitters, 2 curpenters, 3 joiners, 1 groom, 1 grocer's assistant, 1 boiler-maker, 1 mason. ?Railway Management. — Tho authorities aro catching it in «onncction with alleged bungling ''V in carrying out tho railway arrangemonts for the Allora ploughing and critket matches, A speaker at tho dinner, which took place on tho occasion, said : — Ho endorsed fully the remarks that had been made that day respecting their treatment by the railway authorities. After publishing in the newspapers that the Govern ment would carry competitors free, the Brisbane ^' ploughmen had been turned away from the Oxlcy Railway Station. Who wero the rail way authorities? Had they forgotten com pletely that they wore tho servants of tho public P (Qhoers.) Tho matter should not be allowed to rest. If tho committee did not follow it up, ho (Mr. Green) would himself. (Cheers.) Against his Will. — It is stated that legal proceedings are being taken against tho A.S.N. Company in Sydney for conveying Mr. J. P. Hansen from Melbourne to Sydney against his will; The. following are the circumstances as detailed by the Australasian : — Shortly before the time fixed for the departure of the steamer, on February 22, Mr. J. P. Hansen, who had come down from Northern Queensland on busi ness, went on board the City of Adelaide to take leave of a friend. Not seeing him on deck, he went below. The boll had rung to warn visitors to leave the vessel, but Mr. Hansen, having been told that this was only the first bell, paid no further attention to the signal. When he returned to the deck, how ever, the City of Adelaide had left the pier. Mr. Hansen at once «sked Captain Walker to put him ashore, but the request, Mr. Hansen states, waB peremptorily declined, and Captain Walker also refused to land him at Queens cliff G, but took him, against his will, to Sydney. Acting on the advice of his friends on board, Mr. Hansen refuseda demand made upon him for payment' of his passago 'money in the saloon, whereupon he was ordered forward by the captain, and, the steerage b«ing occupied by Chinamen, he slept in a place which had been set apart for a racehorse. Before reaching Sydney he paid steerage passage money, Cap tain Walker having threatened to give him in ?charge if he did not do so. This ia Mr. Hansen's .version of tho affair, according to which he has certainly ground for serious com plaint. 