Serious Changes against an ex- Native Police Officer. [ BY OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] ARAMAC, September 6. MUCH interest was manifested by the not very numerous inhabitants of the little township of Aramac in certain cases which were heard in the local Police Court to-day, and which included charges of murder, aggravated assault, and com mon assault, the alleged offender in each case being John William Carroll, ex-second-class sub- inspector of native police, and the alleged victim being in every instance an abori ginal black. The magistrates were Messrs. Edkins and Elliott, JJ.P. The prosecuting officer was Inspector Armstrong and the prisoner was his own counsel, and, as usual in such cases, not a good one. Only two out of the three cases were gone into, and as the evidence was confined to that of one and the same witness in each case, I shall be able to set the matter more clearly before the reader by putting it in a narrative form. The first charge was that of murdering Echo, a black trooper. In August, 1875, a native police camp had been just established on Mount Cornish cattle station, which is about sixty miles from Aramare township, and from that time till February, 1876, the white people in the camp were Sub-inspector Carroll (the prisoner), con stable John Thomas, and Mrs. Maria Thomas, wife of the constable. The rest of the company consisted of black troopers and several gins. The officer had a tent pend ing the erection of a barracks, and Thomas and his wife occupied another, while the blacks had their own camp. Thomas acted as camp keeper. Among the dusky troopers was one named Echo. On October 24, at noon, Mrs. Thomas made some tea, put in about a pint of milk, and drank the tea. At first she said she drank about a pint of milk, but afterwards ex plained that all the milk she drank was in the tea. The tea tasted rather bitter. She after wards felt cramps in the stomach. At four o'clock she made some more tea, and was putting the milk in when Carroll came into her tent threw out the tea and milk as she was about to drink the mixture, and told her to make some tea without milk, but made no explanation. The woman, still feeling sick, went to bed early, and soon afterwards Carroll entered her tent, saying he came to search the carbines, and adding that he threw out the tea because there was strychnine in it. On the next morn ing, before daybreak, she got up and went to Carroll's tent and found him at the kitchen watching to see that trooper Echo did not get away. It may be stated here, as furnishing an explanation, that subsequently Carroll told the woman that trooper Echo made the gin Louey put the poison in the milk to kill all in the camp. While she was at his tent in the morn ing, Carroll told her not to be frightened if she heard a noise, and that he intended to go to the troopers' camp at daybreak. He then went away, and returning in about half-an-hour said that Echo had escaped during the night. Half-an-hour afterwards she saw Carroll and the gin Louey go towards the creek, and some troopers also go towards the creek in another direction. She did not notice whether they had firearms with them or not. She lost sight of them in the creek scrub, and immediately after wards heard a scream from the direction in which the two parties had gone. They would meet at the creek. The cry the woman described aa a scream or shriek from a human being, and not from a bird. She was very firm about this. There was only one scream, and afterwards Carroll and the others returned to camp, and he aaid he was going out to track Echo some time during the day. On the night following that morn ing, she saw a fire in the direction in which Carroll and his troopers had gone. It was not a bush or grass fire, but burned up fiercely ; but she did not go to see ; no smell came from the fire, she was told by a black boy. (The Court interrupted the witness, telling her that what she was told was not evidence.) [Evidently the object of enquiring into the fire on the part of the prose- cution was to ascertain whether it was used to burn a body.] The woman went on to say that she never heard a scream like that at the trooper's camp at any other time, and that she heard no shot. Her husband was away getting rations on the 24th, 25th, and she thought 26th October. Two or three days after the occurrences above related, Mrs. Thomas told Carroll that she was frightened to remain at the place, as she thought it probable that the trooper Echo was about. In reply to this, Carroll said that she ought to have known better—he had as good as told her seve ral times that he had shot him, and now he told her plain that he had shot him; on the morning following the night he had stopped up all night in the kitchen watching. He then asked her if she was frightened of his ghost ? She replied "No, now I know for certain he is dead." She did not report the matter, as she thought it ought only to be reported to Inspector Armstrong, and when she saw him in Aramac she did not know him. She saw in the camp diary an entry to the effect that trooper Echo had deserted or absconded. In January, in consequence of her husband ill-using her, she absconded from him, and went to Aramac. There, about the end of March, Messrs. Allen and Hopkins, in a conversation, urged her to report the matter, and she reported it, through the senior-constable, to Mr. Armstrong, who took action which led to a private investigation and the suspension, and, at last, the dismissal of Carroll from the force. Subsequently Carroll was arrested on the three charges, and has been remanded from time to time for a considerable period. Constable Thomas had been meanwhile discharged from the force, and left the district, and he and his wife were subpoenaed to give evidence against Carroll, but did not attend. Warrants were issued, and the woman, who was in Clermont, was brought to the Aramac in custody, but her husband could not be found, and she said she did not know where he was. Senior-constable Whycliff, after the woman had given evidence, said he was not prepared to go on with the case, but had no good reason to believe the further evidence required could be produced. The Bench determined to hear the other charges before giving a decision. It will be seen that all the evidence against Carroll consists of the admissions which the woman swore he made. The troopers being heathens could not give any evidence. The woman was told Echo had absconded, and though she heard a scream and saw a fire at the same spot, she really knew nothing except what the troopers and Carroll told her. What the troopers said was not evidence, and could not affect Carroll; but what he had said to her (accord ing to her evidence) was good evidence, snd could be turned against him whenever the woman pleased. Carroll officially reported the poisoning, and that Echo escaped and was chased. In the next case Carroll was charged with aggravated assault on another trooper named Echo, who was taken into the troop in place of Echo No. 1. The woman Thomas deposed that on the 26th December Echo No. 2, who had often shown her bad marks of floggings, was taken from where he was handcuffed to a tree near her camp to a tree near Carroll's camp, to which he was handcuffed. Carroll then flogged him with a whip or heavy stick till the trooper's head drooped. Constable Thomas got some water for the black, and then Carroll gave him three more blows and left him there. Cartoll flogged him for a quarter of an hour. Thomas told her he had also given three blows, but she did not see him. Within a quarter of an hour after the flogging Echo's body was made away with from the tree, and he was never seen again. On a previous occasion when she did not see the flogging, Carroll told the witness he had flogged Echo because he had been down to the gin Louey, and he must keep the boys away from her. The second flogging was for running away after the first She had seen several troopers flogged four or five times at the camp, but did not remember so severe a flogging. The witness believed Carroll always disliked her for a certain thing, but she bore no malice against him. He thought he could do what he liked with her, and after he found she would not accede to his wishes, he always made hot water between her and Jack (her husband). She would not believe every thing her husband told her. A remand of seven days was applied for and granted. The hearing of the third charge, of assaulting a gin by putting handcuffs on her legs for a month continuously, was adjourned for the same period. In giving their decision on the charge of mur der the Bench said, that, taking into considera tion the credibility of the only witness examined, and in the absence of her husband's testimony, they did not consider the evidence sufficient to justify a committal. They, therefore, discharged the prisoner on the charge of murder. Carroll asked leave to call witnesses to enable him to show the character of the witness Mrs. Thomas, and that she was actuated by malice. The Bench said, however, that they considered such a course unnecessary. Carroll was admitted to bail on the other charges in two sureties of £40 each, and himself in £80. How the Monet Goes.—The gold exported by the Singapore, s., amounted to 2402 ozs., divided among 140 Chinese passengers, some of whom hod as much as 155, 104, 84, and 75 ozs. each. These are very respectable amounts for China men, and will no doubt spread the fame of the " Golden Hills " still more widely in the Flowery Land. Indeed, from the secretive habits of the Chinese, we may reasonably presume that the actual amount is larger than that contained in the returns. China, Cooktown, and the Goldfields.—The steamship Mecca, of the Hop Kee line, which arrived on Monday last from Hongkong, brought to this port the largest cargo ever previously con veyed in a single bottom from China to Cook town, being no less than 650 tons, of the value of £30,000, on which a duty of £5000 is payable to the revenue. The arrival at Townsville of th* Bight Rev. Dr. Quinn on the 20th instant, on his way to Cooktown, is announced in The TownmlU 