CRICKET NOTES. The'meeting for , the formation of the Cricket Association was well attended, and the various resolutions passed without a hitch. There was' very little speech-making, simply because—so it struck me—none of. the speakers knew clearly what the functions of the new body would bo. Mr. Bartley, who was the main spring of the meeting, will, no doubt, with his proverbial enthusiasm and persistence, keep the association afloat until the main body of our players see the necessity of such an institution,' and support it. The Sydney body have tho control of the Domain and other good grounds, arrange challenge cup matches, and are res ponsible for the success of the now celebrated intercolonial matches -with Victoria. It will bo the object of our young institution to obtain suitable grounds before controlling them, , and when the delegates get to work I commend this to their notice for a something to start with. With a good ground, close fenced, cricket will be self-supporting, and funds will be forthcoming for country and intercolonial matches, without draining the pockets of the chosen players. I am sony to hear the Alberts have a rumpus among themselves, and that W. Geddes and Sheehan do not, in consequence, do battle for their club against tho Stanleys this week. Geddes, as a howler, can ill ho spared, and I hope. Sheehan will re-consider-his oxprcssed intention of at once retiring from the cricketfleld. He is the only one of tho old heroes left, and dates his connection with Brisbane cricket farther back than any of us. After sticking to tho game and being its most attentive nurse all these years, his defection would cause general regret, especially as he is this season in better hatting form than any of his colleagues. The Albert Club has held its ground remark ably well since it was formed by tho two Egans, D. and W. Geddes, Carter, Taylor, Down, and a few others, in a dark little room in Edward-street, about the year 1866. The two principal matches on Saturday were, respectively, specimens of small andlarge scoring. The: Alberts made a poor stand against the Kangaroo Point Club, hut their opponents did no : better. Miller (of the Stanleys) was in great form with the ball, getting some of the best Albert bats for no runs. E. Banbury kept himself on too long, and got pasted. Bowling captains frequently make that error; witness Tommy Wills, in the recent intercolonial. The Stanleys, in tho Queen's Park, made the biggest score—off the bowling of thoMiltons— that has been made in a single innings—183— for a very long time. Eight out of the eleven got into double figures. The ground was very bumpy, but tho bowling, which was fair at first, was completely killed by three batsmen. G. Armstrong showed his powers of endurance by howling right through the innings—218 halls, 67 runs, 5 wickets. W. Hobbs gave a relief to the monotony of the game by thieving runs with a barefacedness that would have dene credit to a professional pick-pocket. Both games will be continued this afternoon. Eriday—St. Patrick's Day—the return match, Gympie v. Maryborough, was to bo played at Gympie; and the third match of the season between the Albert and Stanley first elevens. The latter wall not be a very interesting game, neither club bringing their strongest teams into the field. Cricket is so thoroughly the Englishman's game, that it is worthy of remark when you find a thorough-bred foreigner at it, like the. secretary of one of the Gympie clubs—Mr. Durictz. This gentleman is a noble enthusiast in the game, and is not only tho moving spirit in Gympie cricket, but a very excellent bowler, with a peculiar break from leg. One of the English cricketers comiug to tho colonies next season—A. Shaw—recently per formed a rare feat in a first-class match at home—Gentlemen v. Players—clean howling six batsmen, including W. G. Grace, G. F. Grace, Lord, Harris, and Kidlcy— the best in England, for six runs. If lie bowls in the same form when in Brisbane, we shall require to have a team of at least 44, to have a ghost of a chance of winning. 