AN ISLAND PEARL. Bv B. L. FARJEON, AT-THOR OF " BLADE-O'-GRASS," "BREAD- AXB-CHEESE AND KISSES," "JESSIE TRIM," " THE KING OF NO-LAND," "GRIF," "LONDON'S HEABT," &C.; IV. SIAEEL AGREES TO BECOME A SAILOR'S "WIFE. It wants but six weeks to Christmas, and the weather is cold and cheerless. I expect to have a long spell at home this time—to spend Christmas there, in fact. To-morrow I am to take tea with Mabel and her mother. Mabel's mother is a widow, as mine is. Strange to say, I have never seen her, and have never entered her house. * * * * * * The day has come and gone, and I am sitting by a winter's fire, talking by fit and starts to my old mother about one fbing and another. It all comes back to me as clear as the noonday sun. The years that have passed since then and now melt away, as though they have never been. Not an hour ago I left Mabel's house, and I am gazing now at her blue eyes and fair face, which appear before me in the fire's glow. I have been talking a great deal during the night to Mabel and her mother, relating what stories of the sea within my own experience I deemed would be most interesting to them. Mabel's mother and I have shaken hands for the first time. She is fair, like her daughter, and her eyes are blue; but not that beautiful blue which makes Mabel's so charming. Her behaviour to me has set me thinking. "When I entered her house her cold hand greeted me in a fairly cordial manner; but I noticed even then that although her lips smiled, her eyes did no t. When Mabel smiles her eyes light up; there is no soul in a smile when the eye plays no part in it. Upon my leaving Mabel's house, her mother's hand lay dead in my palm, and did not return the pressure of mine. ^I^^JJ^JSUSI How I hate those dead, limp, cold hands! Beware of those who have them, and use them according to their nature! They are devoid of nobleness, of generosity. I have felt one or two such hands in my lifetime, but never one so cold and dead as that of Mabel's mother. Her husband had been a small builder, and when he died had left barely enough for the support of herself and Mabel. So much I learnt before I went to her house. Now what has set my thoughts wandering as I look into the fire ? Her cold hand which lay dead in my palm ? No, not that alone. What else, then, in connection with that? A simple thing—a passing expression on her face, that was there but a moment and then was gone. In this way—We have had tea, and tlie tea-things are cleared. I am talking and talking, and Mabel and her mother are listening. I, full of my theme, am maun dering away on some startling experience —startling to them I mean—and Mabel's eyes are fixed on my face, and my eyes are fixed on hers, when an unusual still ness arouses me from my dream. _ f or I am dreaming. The magnetic influence of a presence that I love has cast a spell over me, and has made me unconscious of everything else about me. For the matter of that, Mabel and I might be alone in the world. An unusual stillness, I say, and it is what I mean ; for although before I receive this new impression the sound of my own voice is the only sound to be heard in the room, and although no person but myself has spoken for many minutes, the new silence is different from the old. There are thoughts that move like living things within you, and here are some working their spell upon me. And under their influence, my eyes wander from Mabel's face to meet her mother's, Well, I see a frown there; that is all; but a frown that tells a story I cannot read as yet. I am striving to spell out that story now. It was not a shadow from the fire falling on her face, and distorting the lines there, or playing on it to its disadvantage; it was a frown like a black cloud. And when I bid her good-night, her hand lies cold and dead in mine. And Mabel's good night ? It is as kind and warm as ever it was ; and she does not see that my mind is troubled, being, mayhap, unconscious if the cause. I come home where I am surrounded by the shells that a dead man gathered when life was strong within him. I gaze into the fire, and I see Mabel's face ; I gaze upon the shells, and I see the tokens of a dead man's love. Ay, in these dull, in animate shapes I see the star that illumi nates the world, and beautifies it—the Star of Love. Love! All nature sings it, and the pulse of every living creature, at one time or another of its existence, beats in harmony with tlie music of the world's sweetest song. What is it that I have written above ? Called I the shells inanimate shapes I— the shells that, being associated with dear ties of memory, thrill my soul with heart-tones which make the past live again! I lift one from the war.n Pacific shore; I place it to my ear. The confused murmur of sea voices soon becomes measured and harmonious; and I hear but one|word whispered in soft lullaby tones—but one word, Love ! Ay, tliat is the spell that is upon me now ; I feel it in every fibre of my being. And is no name associated with it ? Ah, yes !—the name of Mabel, which to me signifies Heaven, Happiness, Salvation, all that is most precious and pure in this world and the world to come ' I turn towards my mother, with the shell at my ear. In reality she is a small shrivelled woman, in whom one would imagine but little sentiment could abide. I have noticed lately that as she grows older her form shrinks, and becomes more spare. But as I gaze at her now she becomes transformed. The lines and wrinkles disappear; the flesh' becomes firmer; the eye regains its lustre, the cheek its colour; the shrunken form fills out, and in my fancy I see her as I saw her in my childhood, before my father went to his death—a comely pretty woman. Now what causes me to throw my voice in the direction of^the door, and to call out suddenly and unexpectedly, " Yo^heave/ho,!" _ A ANUARY 19, 1876. My mother starts up with a scream, and runs to the door with a frightened look. There she stands, trembling and white, with eyes that see nothing that is really there, and with outstretched hands that seem to have tongues in them, so eloquent are they. " Why, mother," I say, " what are you looking for ? A ghost!" She gives me a scared look, and lets me lead her back to her chair, into which she sinks, still all of a tremble. It was I who gave out that 'Yo, heave, ho!' mother." " Really you, Amos ?" " Really me, mother." " Your voice was so like your father's, my son," says she, almost in a whisper, " and at that moment I was looking into the fire, and thinking of him " Presently she adds, " I didn't know but that he might be calling to me to come to him." I pass my arm around her neck, and she takes my hand and holds it in hers, so that she has a necklet of her own loving flesh and blood about her. " Then my voice is like my father's?" " Yes, my son." " How well I remember his' Yo, heave, ho !' It used to make me jump for joy." " It was the first thing you ever herrd from him Amos. He was in the Indies when you wpre born. He came home in the early morning when we were a-bed, not expecting him. All, deary me! deary me! When I heard his voice I gave a scream as I did just now " Then comes along silence, during which we both looked into the fire again—I seeing Mabel, and my mother the dead, with his " Yo, heave, ho !" " Father was a fine man, mother." " Yes, my son ; you axe like him." It is the first time my attention has ever been called to my personal appearance. Well, yes. I wasn't a cripple, nor w_yfaced. I had a fine brown beard ii those days, and I was tall and straight limbed. " So I am like father. I am glad of that. It was a love- match, mother ?" She knows that I refer,to her courting days, and she draws a deep breath : " Yes, my son. We loved each other true." " No happiness without love, mother ?" " None, my son." Her voice is broken by the tears which are running down her old face. There is no happiness without love, and she had tasted it, this little pale old mother of mine, and she lived now on the memory, suckiiig honey out of the past. Such flowers—when no sting of faithlessness, no poison of suspicion is in them—are flowers that never fade. Once having bloomed, they bloom for ever, sweet and fair and beautiful. And in the midst of these thoughts comes the remembrance of a frown on woman's face, and the cold touch of a dead hand. Vainly do I try to shake it off'. " How old were you, mother, when you first saw father ?" " I was a little girl in pinafores, my son." " Seven or eight years, maybe ?" " About that, my son." "Like Mabel?" I say. I intend only to think this, my ques tions being put so as to lead up to the point; but the words come out without my having anything to do with it as it seems. From this moment I am conscious that my mother is watching me in a secret way. Well, what have I to conceal ? " Who was at Mabel's house to- night V' she presently asks. " No one but Mabel and her mother," I answer. " Wasn't any one else expected ?" " Not that I know of." It occurs to me that my mother has a purpose in turning my thoughts in this new direction, and I question her concerning it. She answers me in a roundabout way. " He is often at Mabel's house, and I thought he would be sure to be there tonight." " He ! Who ?" " Have you not heard," she says, with a quaver in her voice, " that a gentleman is keeping company with Mabel ?" She keeps her face purposely turned from me, and she therefore does not see the hot blood that rises to mine, almost blinding me. But this much having been said more must follow. I control myself as well as I am able, and say, " No, I have not heard. Is it true V " It is the common talk. The neighbours say they will soon be married." So, herd is an end to my wandering thoughts, an answer to my uneasy musings, cutting into me ,like a surgeon's knife. This is the meaning of that woman's coldness to me when I left the house. I can read the story now, as she read the sto±y of my love for Mabel when she frowned upon me. She has no mind that I sh?U step in the way of the richer man. " A gentleman, you say, mother V' " One with plenty of money, anyways." " Who is this gentleman, may I ask "You must know him, Amos. Mr. Druce." " What! the money-lender 2" " Yes, Amos." The ugly thin inquisitive face that I have seen but once, many years ago, appears again before me ; the bony fingers again make themselves felt within my palm. It seems but yesterday that they laid there. I spit upon say palm to rub off the fancied contact. He offered to lend me money, this man, and doubtless has made more by " turning it over" as he said. Therefore my mother calls him a gentleman. "Mr. Druce," I ask, "keeps his loanoffice still ?" " Yes, and is quite a rich man. A 1 ', the neighbours borrow of him. They pay him back a little at a time every week." " You owe him nothing, I hope ?" " No, my son; 1 manage without, though 'tis a hard pinch." " I make it as easy for you as I can, mother," I say sternly. " It would be harder the other way. All that I have is yours. You'll promise me never to lay yourself under an obligation to that man ?" " I promise you, my son," she replies in a tone made piteous by my sternness. " Do you think," I say, following out the direction of my thoughts, " that Mabel's mother owes him money ?" " It is likely, my son." "And has Mabel herself spoken to you about it ?" " No, my son." " Has she not spoken to you about Mr. Druce ?" She lias never mcniioned his name to me, Amos." This comforts me somewhat. If a girl is about to be married, and her heart is in the match, she would surely speak of it to such a friend as my mother was to Mabel. How do I work out the sum, then 1 In this way. Mabel's mother favours the match ; Mabel herself wishes to .avoid it. I follow out the current of my musings. Do you like Mabel's mother ?" I've seen her but a few times altogether, Amos. I doubt there's no love lost between us. She is a cold woman." ' Mabel is the same to you as ever, mother." "My son," says my mother, with a touch of rough wisdom which no polishing can improve, " an old woman and a child go together; they fit with one another naturally. But when the child grows into a woman herself it is different: other notions come into her head—notions of courting and marriage. Then there's room for nought else." "Mabel is the soul of truth," I say. " Mabel's heart is as good as gold." " Ay," repeats my mother in a peculiar tone, " as good as gold." "Do you not believe," I ask slowly, " that Mabel would many a poor man for love ?" "Not when gold is flung before her eyes. Like mother, like daughter." My mother and I have never exchanged a harsh word, and I resolved that one shall not be uttered now. Age has its privileges as well as its infirmities, and with increasing years the judgment becomes warped. So I say no more; but I resolve that I will test Mabel soon. The opportunity arrives a day or two afterwards in the early morning, and I speak to Mabel direct. Does any one ever remember the exact words that pass when he is following out a purpose such as was in my mind? I do not, and I cannot set down what was said. I know that I was deeply agitated, and that my first reference was to Mr. Druce. " He is nothing to me," Mabel says. My way then is clear, and I tell her that if she had not so assured me I should not have had the courage to speak further. And so by degrees I open my heart to her, and I show her that the happiness of my life is in her hands. Well, well, what more can I say of this interview 1 What more than that, to my ineffable delight, Mabel accepts me as her lover, telling me that she had loved me from childhood, and that, although she has never thought of me in the relation of a husband, she is blessed and contented in the prospect of becoming a sailor's wife. We vow to be ever faithful and true to each other, and I break a sixpence, each taking half. " I devote my life to you, my darling," I say, as I kiss her and hold her in my arms. " My heart beats for ever and only for you." Many minutes pass in such-like lover's talk. I think that a mother, when she presses her first-born to her breast, cannot experience a greater joy than animates me at this time. " When I command a ship," I say, as we walk arm-in-arm towards her house, " I will take care that my wife shall come out with me—if she cares to come." She says that would be a true delight to her, and says other sweet things which, as she speaks them, are to my heart like the murmuring music of birds. We go towards her house with the intention of acquainting her mother with what has occurred, and I fancy I see her watching us at the window. as we walk up the street; but on our arrival she is not to be found. It is settled between us that Mabel shall break tlie news io her, and I walk home. " So, mother," I say, going to her in the kitchen, where she is making a meat pudding for dinner, "Mabel wouldn't marry a poor man for love! Of course not, when gold is flung before her eyes! Well, how much gold have I u> buy her •with?" I draw the old woman on my knee, where, if my voice has not already betrayed me—but I am sure it has—she can read tlie joyful tidings in my bright face and kindling eyes. " Ah, manuny! You didn't know Mabel. She is, as I said she was, the soul of truth, and her heart is better than gold. She'll be a sailor's wife, as you were, mammy." Does my old mother's face reflect the joy that shines on mine, or is there a cloud of doubt on it? Doubt of what? As to whether I have done right? Away with it! I will have no doubts or shadows. There is no room for them in_ the sunshine of my life. " Why, mother!" I exclaim. " I cannot tell whether you are pleased or not at the news." " I hope you have acted wisely, my son," she replies, her lips trembling slightly. I snap my fingers at the word. Wisely! What lover ever thought of that when he was opening his heart to the girl of Iiis choice? And after all, is not love the Lest kind of wisdom? But I can scarcely understand my old mother speaking in this way, and it does not satisfy me. "You married for love, mother; why should not Mabel do the same? Come, come; it would hurt me much to think you begrudged me my happiness." "OAinos!" she cries. "With all my heart and soul I wish you to be happy." " Well, then," I reply, repeating words that have been used before, " there is no happiness without love, and Mabel and I love each other true, as you and my father did. Don't tell me you doubt Mabel any longer. You may hare had reason for it before because of people's foolish tongues; but now that she hat> proved herself better than gold you have no right to suspect her. She'll be a loving daughter to you, and you must be to her as good a mother as you have been to me. There! there!" For tlie good old soul has thrown her arms around my neck, and begs my forgiveness if she has hurt me in any way. She believes, she says, that Mabel is exactly as I have painted her, and she sobs out blessings upon both of us. So the little cloud blows over. But shadows come from Mabel's mother. With a full-blooded face she says, " You can never mean it, Mr. Beecroft." "I can and do," I answer readily; "and so does Mabel." " Mabel is eighteen years of age," she says; "andyou?" "And I?—well, I am over forty." I hang my head ruefully. She peers at me with malicious inquisitiveness. " Have you wild her that?" "No; it didn't come into my head to do so." ' Of course it didn't. And that is the way you take advantage of a child—you, a full-grown man, with a beard as '11 soon be white; knowing, too, that she was as good as married to a man as '11 be able to support her, and make a lady of her." ' No man can do that; she is one already." " Thank me for that," she says, with a toss of her head. ' I do, heartily. As for the man, name him." " I shall do nothing of the sort." " I will, then. Mr. Druce." " A better man than you any day." " That may be. But I know he's not the man to make Mabel happy." "He'll make her both happy and rich," she retorts. "And you step in with your smooth tongue, and spoil her life." " God forbid!" I say, with twinges of compunction and rue and jealousy. " I'll not stand in the way of her happiness. Call her in, and if die says now she prefers another, I'll bid her good-bye, as is a man's duty." She darts from the room and brings in Mabel, and then there is a scene. The mother wants to have all the talk to herself, and I am too much cast down to stop her; but Mabel does. " Amos," she says, " is it true that you do not love me?" I know by that question that her mother has been working against me secretly. But out of regard for Mabel's peace of mind at home I repress the hot words that are rushing to my tongue. I answer simply that I love her devotedly, and that I would pour out my heart's blood in her service. I make no reference to the wicked tongue that has maligned me when my back was turned. Then Mabel tells her mother—before my face, bless her! she tells her—that there's no man in the world she loves like me, and that she has given her word, and means to abide by it. Her mother's face grows white and sly, and she does not reply to Mabel's outburst. So her breath not being employed to fan the fire, it cools down, and ihat storm is over. • Well, I am a little disturbed at the difference of our ages, which I never thought of before Mabel's mother spoke of it. Truly I am old enough to be her father, though as for my hair getting white, that's a fable—there isn't a grey hair in my head. Still, the twenty and odd years between me and her are like twenty and odd little imps mocking and pricking me. How I should like to poison some of them, and bury them out of all knowledge! Meeting Mr. Druce at this point of my musings he looks at me as though he would be glad of the opportunity of filling not only my twenty and odd years, but all my other years as welL I am too happy to return his scowl, and he makes an angry motion and passes on. I resume the current of my thoughts, which the appearance of Mr. Druce interrupted, and I resolve to fling from me with a resolute will all disturbing fancies as to the difference of our ages. It does not appear to disturb Mabel in any way. She laughed at me when I referred to it. Why, then, should I torment myself about it? The weeks roll along happily. Mabel's mother has changed her manner towards me, asks me numberless questions, draws out of me nearly all that I know of the dangers and perils of the sea—of the sea that I love next to Mabel. If it were possible for Mabel to accompany me on my voyages I would ask for nothing more in this world. That, of course, as things are, is impossible ; but I can look forward to the time when it can be done. Mabel's mother is especially anxious to know when I am going away. "The sooner you are gone," she says with a smile, " the sooner you will be back, you know." Directly I sign articles, I tell her. A mark of satisfaction comes on her thin fair face, and there is a gleam even in her colourless eyes. I am to sail the first week in January. 