"THE ALLEGED INTRIGUE WITH ' '' . ROME." Dr. Pusey has addressed the following letter to the editor of 27in, Times :- , . , ' Sirs-I am very sorry to be obliged to trouble you again so soon with theological controversy, but, as you have inserted Mr. Orby Shipley's statement as to what I ought to think, I am compelled un- willingly to ask you to let me say in your columns what I do think. I ,, Mr Orby Shipley's argument is, that because I thought reunion with. Rome possible after the definition of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary," therefore no additional difficulty has been created by the Council of 1870, because the definition of 1851 practically assumed infallibility. That definition was a source of deep sorrow to all my friends as being a fresh hindrance to the reunion of Christendom ; as proclaiming a dogma for which no authority could be alleged from Holy Scripture ; contrary also to the uniform tradition of the church ; bearing alsoperplexingly on the doctrine of the transmission of original sin (as a large extent of authorities explained it), and removing all difference, so far, between the birth of the Blessed Virgin, who was conceived after the way of nature, and that of our Lord, who was conceived of the Holy Ghost. That decree doubtless paved the way for the subsequent declaration of Papal Infallibility. The Bishops in the Roman Communion were consulted, one by one, by the head of their Church, and it surprised me to find that so many had spoken earnestly and courageously against the definition that so many more had declined, even when pressed, to express any opinion favourable to it. Many in their answers, expressed their own belief in the in- fallibility of the Pope. Still, in matter of form, the Pope, in publishing his Constitution (ignor- ing those who had dissuaded from it affirmed that "the bishops had asked, as it were with a common vote, that the Immaculate conception of the Blessed Virgin should be defined by our supreme judgment and authority." The Pope then seemed to act as their mouthpiece, acting as he set forth, in compliance with their wishes. It was a perilous precedent, yet it is notorious that it did not commit the Roman Communion to the acceptance of the Papal Infallibility, since an eminent and learned French bishop and other Theologians wrote against it, and it was disputed energetically by so important a minority in the Vatican Council. With that Council my own attempts at Eirenka in regard to the Roman Church ceased. The late lamented Bishop Forbes and myself had framed statements on the points hitherto in controversy between the Roman and the English Church. Our | statements represented the theology which the Anglo-Catholic school had learnt from the Fathers. Could they have been approved by Roman authorities, they would have excluded, as anyhow not belonging to the faith, that large popular system which has been the case of pious minds of our Communion. They would have presented to Englishmen a different aspect of the Roman Church from what is common in this country, and might have prepared a way for a restoration of Communion, while we yet remained under our own Bishops, holding the faith of the undivided Church. The presentation of these statements, which two French Bishops kindly undertook to take to Rome and to urge their acceptance, was postponed, first in consequence of an outburst of feeling (occasioned I know not how in England, and then by the prospect of the Council and of Papal Infallibility being defined in it. The Vatican Council crushed our hopes. It seemed to us that the half-open door was purposely closed. Anyhow, the language was used that " if we joined we should be only a source of weakness," Bishop Forbes and myself felt that it was closed, by the decree, of Papal Infallibility, and I gave up the thought of Eirenka which had been a dream and interest of my life. Your obedient servant. E. B. PusEY. I 