PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY. L rabor Omnia Vincit.. SATURDAY, JULY, 22, 1876. M~s .MIass, one- of the' members for Collingwood, has given notice of his ntentio, tto move the insertion of the following clause in, the ".'Education Amendment Bill" now before the House: "That no person shall be employed in teaching in any school other.than a state school or Sunday school who has not given. natisfactoiy proof of his or herqualification for the work to be, undertaken.,. That for the purpose of giving effect to this provision the private schools, colleges, &o.;, in, the colony shall be divided into four.oclasse?- est, infant schools; 2nd, preparatory schools; 3rd,. grammar schools ; 4th, colleges; and that the necessary degreg of qualifioation for the several classes of teachers to be em ployed in these several institutions shall be fixed and certified to by a board of examiners `consisting of the professors of the Melbourne University and the Inspector-general of the state schools. :And any person found guilty 'of infringing this provision shall be liable for a first offence to a fine not exceeding .£5; for a second offence to a fine of not less than £20. Provided all teachers now employed in these institutions shall be exempt from the operation'of this claUse *for a period of twelve months from the date of its enactment." There is much that may be regarded as commendable in this notice of motion, and no doubt the hon. member has brought it-forward in' all good 'falth, and with the best intentions; but; we fear' that, although much' has been done to make the State the guardiani of the education of the youth of the land, the. country and the various classes of society are scarcely prepared to submit absolutely to such a surveil lance on the pi~t of the Goirernment over private schools, as the amendment of. the hon. member proposes. There will. be many. secular and religious difficudlties in the way, and the sternest hostility to the measure will undoubt edly be manifested by at least one semi religious semi-political body.', The amendment certainly aims at a. noble object-the certified proficiency of those who have charge of the education of our children. But good as this may be, we think there is another step which should be taken, and that is, not only the literary ability of teachers secured, but also the requirement of moral excellence of character insisted upon in teachers. Oun members in Parliament have been making moves during;.the past week. Mr. TUOKER, M.L.A., gave the following notice of motion: "'l'hat i-, the opinion of the House it is desirable, for the future welfare of the country; that the further alienation of Crown lands should be suspended, until the House has had an opportunity of reviewing and considering the past land legislation, and ascertaining whether the avowed object of such legislation, viz., the settlement of a bona fde agricultural population upon the lands, has been achieved or otherwise." We quite agree with the action taken by the hon. member, but we'fear that he is rather late in his proposed course. We have not had much sympathy with what we cannot but characterize as a spurious attempt to put the working classes on the lands of the colony. We are quite willing to admit that the efforts of many of our legislators to creato a yeomanry are truly pratseo worthy. But we cannot lose sight of the fact that the great bulk of thosoe who settle on the lands of the colony are only too ready to part with their properties if they can Induce their wealthier nolghbors to purchase at a good round figure. We confidently assert that very many of those who seek propurty in landu do so from simplo mercenary motives, nul not fi'nm any laudable desire to build"' up a 'fitnmiL home. We repeat, it is almost too late for the hon. member's notice of motion. The Government of the colony in years gone by should not have parted with the fee simple of an acre of land, but should have become a, generous and just landlord, to all who'might have had a desire to settle on the lands. TaiE recent "assault :at arms,"' as: it' was designated, at the Princess theatre has given rise to a deal of correspoind ence pro and con in reference to it. At the outset we would remark that one element of a nation's greatness is to be. found' in the bodily health and strength of her sons. Patrioteism and bodily vigor usually go hand in hand, as history teaches us. What we haive to; carefully guard against is the.ten denoy to go to extremes. With regard to the art of boxing. we are told by medical authorities that, as an.exercise, it stands, second to no other. Indeed, we 'find it patronized- in the Q ,srN's househoid; ,and we remember some years ago one of our judges, not. now in the colony, had' his sensu in structed in the " manly art,"-byea duly engaged teacher. . ' :But' we repeat again, it is the ten dency, to go to extremes,.which, we have to deplore, as evidenced by :the 'recent demoralizing exhibition-for de-' moralizing it unquestioniably was, pan 'dering as it did to the, brutal passions' of the scum of.Melbiurtne " Hell let loose," .would be a morer appropriate designation of this display than the term, "assault at arms." But what shall we say of the conduct of the so·called "respectable'" "spec tators? We'trust'that they willcalmly reflect on t?ik liam which their preseice is inflicting on society ,in general, and refrain in future from patronizing such exhibitions,.if indeed they:are permitted by the' authorities, which seems 'most extraordinary. ' WE trust tliat the important, subject of confectioner adulteration will meet with that attention which " it .undoubt edly 'demandsij for the! special'' reason that it involves the health of the'irising generation. It is a well-known' fact that Young Victoria has a weakhess for, "'sweeties," 'which mamas must gratify at all risks or else '!ldok out for squalls" in a,double sense;. but we ,nevertheless submit with all'deference to maternal wisdom' whether: the latter is not preferable to the former under the existing state,of things. According to' the report issued, from the Technological Museum Laboratory, 100 samples have been analyzed, .70 of which were found to contain 'Chromate of lead, and many of the' others pig ments from arsenic. , 'These unpleasant facts speak for themselves and ,certainly, call for a rigorous and searching investigation on the part of the 'local Boards of Health, whose efforts should be 'supplemented by those of the rgeneral' public. Of courseif the'rubbish has been imported. into ther colony, that dutywould devolve on the Customs-authorities, who, in the interest of the commudity, should 'use every endeavor to get at'the bottom of the iniquitous transaction. "Fair Play," a letter in re Colingrwood City Band, deals too much in pe.reonaltios, andmust therefore be rejected. ""'Hamlet, as rendered by Nontgomery, Talbot, Dampier, and others," orowded opt. Will appear next week. Mr. Smith has held meetings at soveral places during the week, and. judging from the sueccess attending them, his friends are sanguine of his return, We were happy to see that Or. Hackett had so far recovered his indispeosition as to be enabled to take his place at the oounoil table last night. Mr. H. Keele's nomination was lodged yesterday with the Deputy Returning OffiBer. We also notice by advertlsement. elsewhere that he holds committee meetings on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday even. Ings next week. Mr. T. Smith's committees are hard at work, five meetings being advertised.for next week. Our readers will observe this candidate's address in'our adrvertising columns. Discharging fireworks may be hermless amusement enough when carried on where there is no property to destroy or heads to injure, but in a thickly-populated placo like Fitaroy the sooner it is put a stop to the better,. Numerous complaintq have been made of late' about this practice, and on last Baturday even we wore shown a dis charged rocketob that had smashed an iron waterspout and then piereood a sheeoot of corrugated iron covering a verandah. It is also stated that the roof of St. Mark's church hns reeored some damago from the IUIWO) value,1 , The Collingwood branch of the National Reform League had a meeting at their offices, in Smith street, on Tuesday evening. After arranging for a public meeting on Tuesday next and appointing speakers, a progress balance sheet was presented which showed that, although every liability had been discharged, the treasurer had still a balance in hand. It will thus be seen that the local League is working steadily and gaining public favors, new members are bing enrolled every week, and the com. mittee's hands are thus held up. "Boys will be boys," but when their exuberance takes the shape of demolishing church windows it is time that some means were devised to restrain their obnoxious propensities. The Baptist church, George street, Fitzroy, has lately been the scene of wreakage, and it is estimated that £10 will scarcely cover the damage done by these modern Vandals. "Where are the policeP' ask the congregation, who loudly complain of the constant draught that comes through some fifty panes of broken glass. " The Rev. C. P. Thomas, from Carnarvon in North Wales, but recently of Millchester in Queensland, has been licensed to officiate at St. Andrew's Church of England, Gold street, and as curate to the Rev. John Caton, incumbent of St. Philip's, Collingwood. At ameeting of St. Andrew's Church commit tee on Wednesday last, the Rev. J. Caton presided, and announced the appointment, introducing the Rev. Mr. Thomas to those present, who was cordially received by them, and a resolution passed expressive of their satisfaction at the same from which they hoped much good would result; and, al though they were all working men-me ohanics or laborers, they trusted Mr. Thomas would find them helpers, as far as lay in their power. The Rev. Mr. Thomas, in a brief address, said, "The first followers of Christ were working- men; by working-men the Christian church had been planted, and by working-men it had been upheld and 48sisted ever since, and he hoped as he be came settled amongst them, and was acquainted with them after visiting their families, he should be able with them to be a working-man among working-men, all engaged in the Master's work." Messrs. W. H. Dight, Chas. Colhoun, and W. H. 'Tucker all spoke approvingly and hopefully of much future good resulting. The Sunday school will now have the benefit of a minis ter's presence, the parents will see his face at their own homes, and no doubt by his exhortations, many who have not at tended public worship may be induced to do so. Mr. Baker said, since the church had been erected he had held over 300 services, and had always received the greatest kind. ness and courtesy from his brother church. men, and asked the same to be extended to Mr. Thomas, whom he hoped he would be able to assist as the work was purely a " labor of love" to him, and that his services to the church were voluntarily and freely given, and glad was he that he was able to thus give his poor but earnest help in so good a cause. It was notified that the Rev. Mr. Thomas would preach hisfirst sermon on Sunday evening next at St. Andrew's, and at St. Philip's m the morning, Some other business was then transacted, and Mr. G, Teveloire was elected a member of th'i Church Committee, when the chairman, after expressing his pleasure'at presiding at such a pleasant meeting, pronounced, the benediction. The monthly meeting of the C. and F,U.S. Dispensary was held on Thursday evening last. The balance-sheet and audi tor's report was received, and adopted, which show that the institution is in a prosperous condition, the total receipts for the quarter being £567 6s. 6d., and the ex penditure £227 16s. 9d., 'leaving a cash balance of £39 9s. 9d., thus making the total worth of the institution £215 15s. 4d.. after paying all liabilities; which was con sidered highly satisfactory, when consider ing the costly nature of the various drugs dispensed. The number of societies belong ing to the institution is thirty- three, having 2030 members on the dispensary lists, and at a total cost to each society of Is. 9d. per quarter for each member. The United Methodist Free Church, Col lingwood, held its eighteenth anniversary last Sunday, 16th July, wheu impressive sermons were preached-in the morning by the Rev. John Barton, from I Corinthians, xvi., 18, who preached an eloquent sermon on Christian manliness; in the afternoon by the Rev. T. Masterman, from Psalm oxvi, 16, who delivered a most solemn charge to Christian workers, pointing out their individual duty as servants of the Lord Jesus Christ. The sermon was preached in the evening by the Rev. J. Ross, from Acts xix, 2, who pointed out the absolute necessity of every worker in Christ's vineyard being filled with the Holy Ghost, Much power was felt, and at the close of the service the cry for mercy was heard, and pardon bestowed through the blood of the Lamb. On the Monday even ing following the annual tea meeting was held. After tea the public meeting was presided over by Mr. J. W. M'Comas, and addresses delivered by the Rev. J. W. Simmons, from Hobart Town, Tasmania, who spoke in high torms of the friendship that existed between himself and their pastor, the Rev. J. Rose, and he believed that there was not a minister in the City of Hobart Town that would not feel glad to oblige Mr. Ross at any time if it were in their power to do so. He (Mr. p?lhmons) urged the friends to look into the coming year, and prepare themselves to work and live so that they may have a good account to render if the master should call them to account... The Rev. T. A. Bayloy, in his ad. dress, gave a graphic description of the valley of dry bones. Addresses were also delivered by the Rove. H. Clark, J. Barton,. .J. Ross, and Mr. Beatty, each of them eloquently appealing to the human sympa thies of the people to go down to the lost ones, andtry to raise them from their state and condition, and bring them to the Saviour. Too much cannot be said in praise of the church choir, who rendered the various anthems with groat credit to thomsolvos, and profit to others, The Chief BoSeoretary was called upon in a jetdlelal capacity to decide a dispute r,. speoting the amount of payment due to the munn'cipai auditors of the City of Coiling. wood for auditing the aocounts. MIsers. Holland fnd Trot-, the munilcipal auditors, clainied an amount of (20 5s, each, being r5 as. forthe first day ?.applred in exmin-. ine' the inwguts, and .2 LU (9; vlseh suoe ceeding day when , so einployed. The auditors claimed for, eleven working days. The council refused to pay the amount, on: the ground that the work' had been done. under the old contract, and that the new regulations were not issued until after the work had been commenced. They agreed to give .11 11s. Application was made to the Supreme Court for a mendamus to com pel the council to pay the amount, but 'the' court declined to interfere in the matter; as' there was another remedy provided by the law, viz., an appeal to the Chief Secretary. Witnesses were examined as to the facts of 'the case. Mr, Macpherson reserved his de cision, as he desired to consult with the Crown law officers on certain legal aspects of the case. His decision has been given, which we here append,-In my opinion the City Council of Collingwood should have moved in this matter, when aware :of the order fixing the fees to auditors, and not allowed the auditors to pro coed evening after evening in their work without a definite understanding as-to the terms:of their remuneration. As the audi tors base their claim' on the, estimate of seven hours' work for a day, which is ad mitted by the Government Auditor, (who is with the Council in this matter) to be reasonable, I must admit their claim,, and without expressing an opinion on the value of work so done, which the Council might have insisted on being done be day in usual hours, I decide that the City Council shall pay to each of these auditors, A. H. Trott and F. A. Holland, the sum of (£26 5s.) twenty-six pounds five shillings sterling. Signed, John A.: aoPherson; Secretary, Chief Secretary'B office, Melbourne, July 14th, 1876. . The boy born with a silver spoon in his mouth frequently has to taste pewter before his pilgrimage is over; and he may have 'the pleasure of being splashed with mud' from the carriage-wheels of the man who was once his father's porter. On the 2nd of March last the Bank of :France held. a metallic reserve of over £72,000,000 sterling. It is the greatest sum dver held at one timeoby a single institution, and is, indeed, more than three times the amount possessed by the Bank of England. This vast sum has been gradualy acoumulat ing since the late war. OMNInus" PvDDING.-Half a pound of flour, 'half a pound of beef suet, half a pound of currants, half a pound of raisind stoned, half a pound of sugar; half a pound of scraped raw potatoes, and a quarter of a of scraped:carrots, mixed together, and with spice to taste. Boil four hours. AnoRTI Dsoovsar.-Captain Souter, of the Intrepid, from Davis Straitse'.whale fishing, reports that while anchored' in Isabella Bay he found it necessary, in 'con= sequence of the great body of' ice coming down, to proceed in eshore. After. sailing some distance he came into a fine, com modious, natural harbor, not marked in charts. There was nothing to show it had ever been entered before. Captain'Souter and other oficers.left in a cairn 'a writing nIdicating the discovery. : Splendid 'water was found, and there was less of the Arctic ppearanoeabout the locality. I OATxEAL ORACKNELS, AND SCOTCH BAN NocKs.--Take the finest' quality of oatmeal and stir in enough barley water to wet it through; add a pinch of 'salt; let'it stand for ten minutes to swell; then roll it out a quarter of an inch in thickness, first flouring the board and rolling-pin with wheaten flour; cut it with a biscuit- cutter, and bake in a moderate oven, as these cakes will burn quickly, and only require to be of the highest brown. If put in, a close jar, they will keep for,several months. In the Highlands they preserve their bannooks in the barrels of oatmeal, and keep them a year or so. MARRIED .POLITENESS.--" Will :you P" asked ap'leasant voice. And the husband answered, " Yes,' my dear, with pleasure." It was quietly but heartily said; ,the tone, the" manner, the. look, were perfectly natural, and very affectionate. We'thought, How pleasant was the courteous roplyl How gratifying must it have been to the wife I Many husbands of ten years experience are ready enough with the courtesie's of polite ness to the young ladies of their acquaint ance, while they speak with abruptness to the wife, and do many rude little things without considering them worth an apology. The stranger, whom they may have seen but yesterday, is listened to with deference, and although the subject may not be of the pleasantest nature, with a ready smile; while the poor wife, if she relates a domestic grievance, is snubbed or listened to with ill.concealed impationce. 