HARD TIMES IN NEW ZEALAJD, The following is an extract from c amusing letter written by a genilerat; well "known on the Geclong Press t« a resident of this town, dated New Zealari May 22nd :—" I promised when I kr. Geelong that when I had an opporiućr I should write to you, and tliat proms s is now my intention to keep. Since ut arrival at Port Chalmers my career isi been a somewhat chequered one; dul dismal clouds lowering, but I supposethe brilliant sunshine lurks behind. Datędin, the commercial metropolis oi % Zealand, proved a disappointment; ś press belonged to a charmed circle;: was the exclusive property of the Pis Club, and there was no opening, not tie ghost of a loop-hole, for a Victran interloper like me. I sought other ompkment—-behind the counter and the tarbut -was doomed to disappointment OE £>f the -reliable <?) organs 4>f public opinio trumpeted forth the praises of a liia agent, and declared there was lotsc'wii for those who would adapt themselves :t circumstances. I paid my fee, and fcc; about* the' steps of the agent's office iriytoes were cramped and my pifem exhausted. A few days before Sun, with half-a-crown—the remains si i? ample fortune—I started on the roHai track. . I -deposited my memorable bki bell- jtopper under a manuka tiĄ abandoned my paper collar, and myself as a rew chum. For abtflii 1 \reek I entertained the most deligl®privations imaginable! Travelling« scant fare and roosting at night where e could find shelter. At the end oi ® period—one of the happiest in my I found myself over a hundred miles ® jmy way, *at a place called Papakau, a skinned nose and blistered toes, ana ® ielastic-sides worn to the verge of <^1®; Btion.- The Provincial Government * Otago were at this place enffiged recti® the. absurdities of a tramway maie months previously bv a pet contractor asl passed as perfect by the obsequious cers of the department. I affW ® •eJaployment and two days afterwarda c® menced a brief career with pick and on the Awamoka railway. To teU » jail my experiences in my new capwf would be B) long, even if interesting, tab \-- — - - - • — ot n; You will probably conceive Bimie ipleasures, how I manufactured p"" toil and patent blisters. I boarded at^ hotel and slept in the "dead-hoiiss, • [place fiitted up with bunks, just « ® Lard of a steamer. * * For I havelieen engaged with a surrey p^ Und I am just banning to get on myi^ land save ajittletapher., I never was better W t h ^ c o T ^ jl am nofS a^-contented. I « exercise, travelling on the aveW; miles daily over rough ground »nfl • •country. ; -'There are, three of m ^ . Iraot. We live Veil, and liave bo« fresh air,! By-and-bye I suppose 'be a Jack-of-aU-trades. Some of iodd days I will write you more fnuv^ .'give you a better account of tins mi i taxed and much indebted country. A pretty faithful index of the state» stomach anLliver is the condition of tne a ^ The' most prominent causes of ^."fjs. indigestion and bUliousness. hianq^^ eases, close confinement and poverQ, ' blood'also send to rob the ^^"jjr, ruddy glow 4Bf health. Tor e^air^ and what is much more important, t ^ ^ the causes "of discoloration tit •niiM to the Spec- TbeB 61 ';^ łhe^ttliat Sullivan, the 1 ..„pAmithe rep mrt m al '^^tog held. at Inglewood. He quite true in the [ "The rep° rt tl'-^ B W3 left the ^is.* seemed so thoroiigbly remaine",, j-termiui the church sigmnea tneir the ^'flndeVt.on of the act. I was -^Ited toXm certam persons who »!»o "t^npnosed tohaveoffered a meab>i "J ^ S e n t that, while we could do anything to prevent »' t!0 * 1 Undine public worehip, we were S ^ ^ S s t s of the church, and to public opinion, to pro- •b? fnStofiW part in our church ^ Mses involving rather nice points ^ ^ o f the Vines, Beer and "^^^rnnderae notice of S^ fd the police court, Rochester, 'H^Uv when three men were smnthe law by selling ®® - itSii o without a licence. According c ^ rf Ł ' Mr Strickland, ^^Ifforffi^enaants, did not but held that by the act his quite at liberie *o sell the I ifeeTAo^grapes^thout^mg 1 Ćto^aotodo. The case turned on °° Jnt and the cases were dismissed; 'f Cnfflstate,!'™' 11 ' stating that I ^r^bSne ónthe bench he would | fTentconviction in all the cases. i thesoUcitoron theotherside TtConan, . s0 that there is' 2 "tohilJo^epointWngdecided tie Supreme Court. n,e ir^"' h^ndmt gives the fol- Ś S baSk robbery at Blayney that Mr Burt, the manager, _L Sabont dusk, and seated himself m Immediately afterwards he lookup and «w. I -fading in front of hun presenting a man had on a long coat al- I Jtobisfeet, and had lus face covered The would-be murdęrer MfrBurt to stand there, (pointing f S place), but thatgentleimm, •wooing ao rushed .to the bedroom S S ^ Ł : The fellow thefffired, I1 Ml missing ^ biB)kcr ^ u ^i Mr Burt got hold of his revolver S twice. With that the man made ' f f w , Mr; Burt Rowing 1ni giving him a parting shoŁlsum- Wof persons hearing the shots rushed to i tTe Pto (« nstallle Heru 7 b&ng; One of tie 6vst> ani seeing the'state of affinrs r„ ^'the fellow, but night coming on all traces of him were lost. A few yards rfthm rope and'a P<=ce of crape were M up by the pursuers, evidently • WtTtleman. The police are now i the track, and as Mr Burt says that- ^ fot shot hit the fellow, he vM _be . ! ensile recognised by the wound, if Mr ! Burt had not so pluckily given his man I sad a warm reception, the bank would, - 0 doubt have sustained a serious loss. | gach conduct as his, in defending, at peat personal risk, property entrusted I tihis care deserves substantial recogmle Bay there is political apathy. I There is no apathy about administering justice though. The zeal of the Js. P.is to be cimmended. Several Js. P. abandon their bisimss day by day fcr the sole purpose of Banding to public matters. Isn't it refoshmg! One though he was fined a few I dire ago at the Custom House sits like a 1 j Sputm rigidly and impartially to enforce I tie law he bis suffered. under. How noble I Here is a French proverb I might quote for I the benefit of myfriends, "Sortout, point de ] ale!" When Stevenson's case first came e the public, ten magistrates eat to I Tindicate justice. Next day the . Chinese lottery prosecutions came oh, and .Mr Call. TO left «olns. I l'T.-" consistency and admire industiy in business, but, for heaven's I nie, let ns have perseverance on the part of [ ach J. P. in the arduous duties he is now I determined to perform. Herald. A man, named Lachlan M*Guiness'a pro-, cess server in the sheriff's office of the Supreme Court met with a shocking death on Saturday afternoon. His body was found \near the North Melbourne Railway, station ; at the foot of an embankment thirty igh, and from the fact of his hat being I at the top, it is presumed 'that while ' in a state of intoxication he climbed over a S three-rail fence that surrounds the station and -tendering on, missed his footing'and felldown the embankment. Death must hare resulted almost instantaneously. The Emerald-hill police succeeded in mestmg a gang of thieves, named James Larara Peny, Thomas Jones, Bose Perry and Maty Jones, all offenders, at St sarly on. Friday morning, with Constables M'Cornuck and Stewart, watched the house through Thursday nighi, and tvere re- | by seeing the " enow-droppers" t™ up occasionally with stolen linen, Srgeant EUis procured a search 1 Ivarraiit, and, with his men, entered the house as tiefflght-birds were regaling themselves ro a kg of mutton. A quantity of line 1 Tis ionnd there, but there was not furniture in the place. ' The pamerE were lodged in the lock-up; and ® Wednesday .they will be brought bcfTOftenagisteites.' Several of the stolen artufeiave been identified. Br lonl held an inquest on .Saturday «pm tie body of a man named James aged tMrtv-six yeais, who died raaenly on the 8th instant. The deceas «» *as a newsvendor, was staying at *BseB 6 hoarding-house, Boorke stree ^ , f e "^rank a great deal, and .about o clock on Thursday morning last h into the Greyhound Hotel, Bourke •wet met, aud sat down on a seat in 'the He was then quite sober, and after still for about fire minutes he ®pped on to the floor. He never spoke, MuponeMtnination lie was found to he r™- 1)1 George league made a past nottemeiamination of the body, and dewi that death resulted from the rupture ™ M Mieoriau of the aorta. Ayerdict to ™ effect was returned by the juiy. stóSf-^- ^ ^ M a household 2 r "'digestion, biHousnese, nausea, S*™, siMeriache, . «,mthe many ailmente-which affect -lischarging organs, as 'an ^Weaąefazer, a promoterflf deep, » ^^wetant, anda e,nial tóomaohicand "o alcoholic cordialhas erer S^JfMvered which rari tSit£pa«:in 'fhm^lf 06^ the yarfsmen and otS^^nay^fl, ea^ńoyed e» ma severe cut aboVe the AsituT^fl Mood;to'fiow'^' J M judicous for parents ana'tf ' 'advice. ' A 'coiiiitalble J n in plain ' \ TheSeiuUm AdwrK?** m-n&j; Biance ofsharp practice ion the pait of a broker Under the Veranda. On Thursday the Market value of 'Victory at a certain period of the day was 37s6d: hroU stock "to" sell at "beat - he went to • another broker, opened up, negotiations, was offered 37s Cd, for the stuck, did not sell it, went to a convenient, third party sold him the shares at 36s 6d, and then returned "his client a sale note, lessSd, for commission. Altogether the unfortunate seller was slated to the tune of 1b 9d per share. Rather a questionable fulfilment of instructions to " sell at best" The Ararat correspondent of the Uamil toh Spectator tells the following story about the Wimmera:—"In olden tunes the junior partner, of'a run-holding firm had talked a tremendous lot about the sterility of .the Wimmera country, and finally, to ,j)rove conclusively that wheat could not grow planted a crop, selecting, as can well be imagined, . the .worst piece of land hs could find Sonn after he had occasion to leave .the station, and proceed.to -Melbourne, where he was detained a Considerable, time. - On,his return, he .was accompanied by his senior and the two, the day after their -arrival, proceeded to have a look around.: , In the course of their peregrinations, they, came .in sight of the wheat, which had thriven amazingly, and was as fine a crop as -could be seen under the Southern Cross. * What the sangninary residence of - the Evil One—he was a pious old cock, this ancient pastoralist—' does .this mean ? Good God! if anyone was to see this, the 1 run won't l>e worth/ a travelling tinsmith's imprecation in six months ; we'll have it all selected in no time. 9 And the junior partner altehiately turned pale a:;d blushed from ' nose to boots. That crop of wheat was immediately burned, and all traces of it ever having existed obliterated from the face of the Wimmera;" The Indian papers ore very generally "disgusted with the exceedingly economical gifts made by the Prince of Wales in return for the magnificent presents made to him by the native princes. Costly gifts of gold and jewels, and fine products of the loom, "were met by fifty shilling swords,' pocket 'dictionaries, photographs and ioya.1 autographs. In fact this eldest scion of the -.royal house is a worthy elder brother to theDuke of Edinburgh, whose royal libe- rality we know in these isolonies. —3f. and D. jidoerttser. A telegram was received by the mail on Tuesday from Bishop'Peny, dated 13th] :May, and communicating to the registrar of the dioceso that his lordship had resigned the see /of - Melboume, and that Prebendary Moorhoose had accepted the bishopric. Steps will be taken to communicate the resignation to the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, and obtain his approval, together with that of the Australian bishops to the appointment, so that the bishop-elect - may be able to take charge of his diocese before the end of the present •year. ' Indolent and luxurious habits, exhausting disease, inactive occupations, old age, and .other causes deprive the lining of the intestines of its vitality. When this is the case, the bowels become torpid. Slow digestion then ensues, accompanied .by low spims, loss of appetite and rest fetid'breath and dingy complexion. No such effects follow, however, when the debilitated stomach and bowels are vitalized with UDOLPHO WOFE'S SCHIEDAM ABOMATIC ScmfAPIS. TAYLOR BROTHERS' MARAVTLLA COCOA—Taylor Brothers, • London, having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa for Purity—fine Aroma—Sanative, "Nutritive and Sustaining Power. One tiial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon,' I and a soothing'Refreshment, after a late ev mng. For favourable opinion ~vide Standard, Evcmvg 'Post, Biitish Medica Journal, <tc, ic. 