THKOLOGICAI. matters 3re, 'with jmirnalists, we .should thir.K, most unpleasant T.N write upon, judgiug from tbe fact that few newspapers touch these subjects. Church matters, as a rule, seem, to a, certain extent, to be I exempt from public criticism. However, thp feelings of a number of persons in Deuiliquin d district have been severely wounded by a -circular, which we publish, issued by the miuister of St. Paul's (Anglican) Church, Deuiliquin, in which lie classes Wesleyans as sdiismatists. Not withstanding that the author UF this circular H:is offended against the toleration of the day, tbe rev. gentleman is, in this respect, nothing when compared with other ministers of the Anglican Church in Enirland, where that Establishment is part of the State. Here WE betr to observe, in Australia, we --Ltave no national or dominant Church. The Legislatures of the vaiious colonies long ago sotiled this point. IS'O minister O? the siospel has a right, even by law, to call Lis Establishment the Church, since all ecclesiastical establishments here, as stared, are 011 an equality. Recently there was published iu "England a little book entitled, " Some questions of the Church Cate- ; " ehism and doctrines involved briefly ex- " plained, for the use of families and parochial "schools." The author is the Rev. F. A. Gace, Vicar of Great Barling, Essex. The work is a kind of catechism, from which we cxtract:— " We have amongst us various sects and " denominations who go by the general " name of Dissenters. In what light are we " to consider them 1—As heretics ; and in .t" our Litany we expressly pray to be deli- " vered from the sins of' false doctrine, heresy, -.. " ' and schism.' " This is pretty stiff to begin with ; we hope that the millions of .Noncon- in the old country are not uneasy -formists by Mr. Gace's classification of them, for, in his eyes, they are terrible sinners because they dissent from his Church. Then he says, " Is then their worship N laudable service I— "NO; because the}' worship God accord- " ing to their own evil and corrupt imagina- " tions, and not according to His revealed " will, and therefore their worship is idola- " trous. Is Dissent a great sin}—Yes ; " it is in direct opposition to our duty to- " wards God." Dissenters are, therefore, corrupt in heart because they worship God in the manner which they deem most suitable. 'Hero come reasons :—" How is it, then, in the present day that it is thought so lightly , of 'I—Partly from ignorance of its great ' sinfulness, and paitly from .men being more l " zealous for the things of tbis perishing " world than for the Lord of Hosts." But the liev. Gace gives some Nonconformists hope :—" But, then, are ali those who dissent " equally guilty ? IS'o, we trust not; for " doubtless many sin from ignorance, and ilthough they are all equally sinners, their " guiit is relative, according to the measure of everyone's opportunities of knowing " rightly aud acting consistently." Among the Nonconformists are some of the brightest and most learned men in Christendom ; they must, therefore, as teachers, be sinning from ignorance. English church people are to look leniently at disssenting sinners from ignorance—thus :—" But do " we not find among them mauy good men I Many doubtless are unexceptionable " characters in a moral point of view, but they " are not holy men ; and herein, indeed, we " may learn a lesson from them, for if they " apparently attain such perfection, what ought " we to be in all manner of godly conversation " who possess all the means of grace J Where- " in consist.-, the difference between a moral " man and a holy man !—A moral man is one " who acts from the impulses uf education, " position in society, and oilier worldly priu- " ciples ; a holy man is one who does good " works by the divine aid of the Holy Ghost, " duly using the means of grace." Mr. Gace has thus drawn a lineot thorough demarcation between a moral man (a dissenter), aud A holy man (a churchman). Churchmen are advised to warn dissenters :—" Are we liien to refuse " to do them any kind service when they are in " distress and stand in need of our assistance ? " —No ; we are to do them all tbe good in " our power, provided we do not defraud God's " chosen people, they who are of the liouse- " hold of faith. Are we to pray for them 1— " Yes, and to love them; and our treatment " of them should instance our love, warning " them of the danger their souls are in, and "putting them on ibeirguard lest they fail to " obtain eternal salvation." Mr. Gace regrets that he cannot excommunicate dissenters, and perhaps send them to be burnt alive. In the good old times »vhen excommunication was iu vogue in some countries, those thus dealt by were exposed to be shot down or robbed, and the aggressor could not be punished. He asks—"But why havenotdissenters been excom- " liiunicated ?—Because the law of the laud " does not allow the wholesome law of the " Church to be acted upon ; but dissenters " have virtually excommunicated themselves " by setting up a religion of their OWU and " leaving the ark of God's Church." Thus M r. Gace warns us against going to A dissenting church :—" IS it wicked, then, to enter a i "meeting-house at all?—Most assuredly ; ' " because as was said above, it is a house where | " God is worshipped otherwise than He has ! " commanded, therefore it is not dedicated to ' " His honour and glory ; and besides this we " run the risk of being led away by wicked en- " ticing words ; AT the same time by our " presence we are witnessing our approval of " their heresy, wounding consciences of our " weaker brethren, aud by our example, teacli- " ing others to go astray." People of Deniliqnin town and district who belong to the Anglican Church here, can thus see that their Incumbent gives little more than the skim milk of uncharitableness, while Mr. Gace serves up the cream. If a clergyman believes in MR. Gace's views as to the charily of the English Church, he is very unfit to be a teacher of religion. He might make a good, starched Mahommcdan, but his Christianity is, thank God, not the Christianity of enlightened Christendom. This intolerance comes particularly inopportune, just at the moment when homage has so recently been done to the illustrious founders of Wesleyan Methodism—the Revs. JOHU and Charles Wesley—whose marble busts were lately unveiled bv Dean Stanley, in Westminster Abbey, to the satisfaction of millions of the best men in every part of the world. A home paper, the Rock, devoted to religion, and a great authority, recently stated that the Church of Englpjid has within it the seeds of its own decay ; if this be true, it must be chiefly ascribed to the intolerance of some of its ministers. The disestablishment of this church for the present is averted bv Nonconformists, but principally by Wesleyans. Wore it not for the Ijfe, vigour, and earnestness of Nonconformists, we should, as a Christian nation, be receding. When the Church of England at home is disestablished, it will beooine purified of much of the dross that now besets it, and the Anglican Church in Australia will pass through the same process. WE ragard all Christian churches as one, and' tbe ministers thereof as experts in religion. They • have no claim to our reverence or respect, save on account of their faithfulness to their duties as clergymen. Measured L\V this standard we regret, to say that some of them are not entitled to much consideration, a sentiment, which WE think, will be endorsed by a majority of the most worthy, intelligent, and most independent of our readers. That antiqu" specimen (.Air. Gace) of English Churchi-si'I, is born a century or so too late. IT is sorrowful to see Mr. Ware try to habilitate himself in tbo cast-off garments of this lioht of other days, Mr. Gace. With great energy and respectable talents, Mr. Ware, iu this now country of ours, might make a name for himself as A pastor ; but if he persists in the cast-off suit of Mr. Gace, we enn only say that he is not to be envied, and that he must effectually contract his usefulness. THIS Sketchar of the current month oomes out os strong and as fresh as ever in engravings In typography it is excellent. We strongly reeninmcr.d those who havo relatives or friends ill the old conntry, to s,.N.; each of them A copy of the Skilcl tr or Avsirnlinn I/ius'iated N"vm, for they co:;-VEJ to distant readers the sort of knowledge on Australian matters that is most desirable to HE disseminated. WE hope IH.it there aro net many Ecloolors around I)cmli<]I;IN, cr iu Riverina. or in any part of Now South Wales, who thus fulfil the residenco clause. A selector, not U day's march from Deniliqnin, has two sections taken np. On the line dividing these, is his hilt, in ivhich are the bunks of HIMSELF and daughter, tiio latter aged about sixteen. A thin plank divides the two bunks, which ate about four fec-t high, in one of which the father sleeps, and in the other sleeps the daughter. Jlovi sett <ini ma I y pense. THE Secretary fpr Lauds, Mr. Garrett, told tho Legislative Assembly on the 1st of June, tliat Clerks of Petty Sessions, as Government Land Agents, were a failure. The Land Commissioners had, he said, disposed of five hundred cases ; but FEWER Commissioners would be required next year. By thirty-two to twelve, the House passed the Commissioners' salaried for the next year. THE Parliament of Victoria is expected to meet on'11th July. GREAT progress during the week has been made oi: Deuiliquin and Moaraa Railway, works. The goods shed and platform have been worked upon, the shed is about 200 feet by 45 feet, and is to be a goodsubstauti.il structure on heavy piles, capable of housing A very large quantity of goods and merchandize. Opposite to tho goods shed is to be the platform for passengers. A good block road will be laid up to the goods platform ; the Directors seem determined to have the approaches to the goods depOt made firm under foot, so as to enable it to sustain the weight of heavily laden drays with wool and merchandize. In order to permit drays and other vehicles, as well as sheep, cattle, and horses, to be brought with ease to the several departments set aside for them, the Directors have leased about sixty acres of ground from Government at Deuiliquin terminus, at 20S an acre per annum. In this rented area are two or three streets, which never having been legally "dedicated" and gazetted, the Company have a right to close, and they wiil bo fenced in. There will be A crossing place set apart close to the lagoon, which will meet all public requirements for some time to come. When population settle down around the terminus, and to the south and south west thereof, the Directors will be prepared to meet the public neec.rsitios ill re-gard to other crossings, bat the claims, caprices, or selfishness of isolated Individuals cannot be submitted to in making thoroughly useful a great national work, such as this line is expected fo BN eventually. The lino is intended to return fair interest to the investors, and no effort to effect this will be omitted, we believe, by those at the head of the enterprise. Great pressure has been brought to bear upon the Directors, in order IO hasten the day of opening the line fcr traffic, R, vast amount of goods and merchandize are iu readiness to be despatched from Echuca thereon. We believe that on the loth June the line will be ready for this purpose, and soon afterwards passengers can travel by it. For the present the firstclass faro to or from Echuca and Deniliquin will bo 153, sccond class 9s. THU amateur concert, st Peniliquin, on Tuesday night WEEK last was a verv successful affair. We copy an article froiu the Wagga Wagrja Advertiser on the tuhject of local amateur musical talent, of which there appears to be ail ample supply at WAJZGA and Deniliquin. Many of the long wi.iter evenings at both towns could be pleasantly passed if ladies and gentlemen of these towns, with good musical talents, would only assist in giving A concert, say, once every three weeks. Some highlyqualified ladies are too nervous, they say, to »Upear in public, but the feeling is soon got over— others of the fair tex are perhaps a little sensitive in regard to amour propre, which is, we think, a mistake on their part. Ladies, however accomplished or otherwise charming,, never look so well as when they are contributing to charitable objects in public or private, or in acts of kindness such as these coneeris pourtray. Sonie.of the ladies of Deuiliquin might, we think, follow Mrs. Corden IN this respect. When a iady of her position and accomplishments thus performs in public, WE think oilier iadies will soon do likewise. DENILIQCIM MECHANICS' INSTITUTE AND SCHOOL OP AKTS.—A special meeting of committee was held in the Court-house, on Thursday, Sth instant, Mr. D. G. Jones in the chair. Present: -Messrs. H. J. Corden (Vice-President). J. H. Jones, Paton, N. Mackenzie, Roper, Kyn.istin, Price, Loivden, R6V. J. E. Carruthers, and Hon. Secretary. Tenders were received for tho building—Mr. Anderson, 4:769 ; Messrs. Hunter and Son, £750—neither accepted. Tenders for bricks—Messrs. Gill aud Lacey, £37 10S; . Mr. T. Johnston. £31 10S ; 5fr- J. Sullivan, IVLO. Neither accepted, the Committee thinking ic inadvisable to sell the bricks at the price offered. An offer was made to the Committee by Mr. G. C. Giliott, solicitor, to lease a portion of the front land, and erect offices thereon at his own cost, to form part of the front elevation, as designed by the honorary architect. The Secretary was instructed to place hiniaelf in communication with Mr. Giliott, stating the willingness of tho Committee to entertain his offer. The meeting tlieu adjourned. — Communicated. As may be seen in our advertising columns a good deal of land is to be offered for sale at Deniliquin by public auction, among which is Mr. Creswick's property, by Mr. Neil M'Kenzie; Mr. Thos. Robertson's and other fine propertiesby MESSRS J. C. Walker and Co., aud a lot of allotments by Mr. James Mann and Messrs. Wooldridge and Wrtn. The sites are not to be excelled in North or Scath Deuiliquin for business premises, villas, &c.;, &c.; IN consequence of the great increaso in number of persons seeking to be conveyed free until the 15th June, to an.l from Moama, ou Deniliquin Railway, the Directors have em powered their officer, Mr. Tidy, to EXICT AS from each passenger, which sum will be given to Deniliquin Hospital, which will realise thus something ha.I.is-IM", perhaps £50 or more. The Directors, being continually in want of labour, allowed persons appearing to be in search of work to go up and down free on the line, which privilege has bee:: loo liberally used. The sums »O received will be published iu these columns. MR. FORRESTER, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, Deniliquin, offers a reward (see advertisement), for the recovery of his two splendid kangaroo dogs, recently stolen from Deniliquin, A NUMBBR of Fenian prisoners escaped from Freemantlc (Western Australia)—they got off to a Yankee vessel waiting for them, and arc off to America. OUR supplement contains latest European, American, and other news. TUB weather at Deuiliquin during the week has been cold, threatening rain, with frosty nights. .SKVEN prisoners were sent from Deuiliquin to Dariinyhurst, leaving thirty more in Deniliquin gaol, where at night they are packed so close as to threaten to affect their health. DKNIUQUIS HOSPITAL.—Remaining last week, 17 ; admitted, 1; discharged, 1 ; died, 0; remaining, 17. LAND SELECTIONS AT DENII.IQCIV.—The following selectiouB were taken np on the Sth inst. :— Reginald Crawford Boyd, 231 acres, county Townsend, parish Waiulook ; David Aitkon, 183 acres, ditto ; Charles Howe, 320 acres, county Townsend, parish Buugouka; Magnus Fink, 60 acres, county Townsend, parish IHliwilly; Benjamin La-.vrcncc, 00 acres, parish Wandook. Br our Sydney telojjram it can be seen that by 20 to 17, or about one-half of the number of members in the Assembly, tbe House voted for throwing open the Yanko reserve, a piece of thoughtlessness or political profligacy on the part of the Opposition. If the Yanko reserve is thrown open all the other reserves in New South Wales must share the same fate, Fortunately the " Yanko " has vast and numerous improvements on it, so that most of the reserve will have to be sold by auction. ONU colonial bishop", who go home to Great Britain to beg for money in order to erect cathedrals and other churches in Australia, are rather roughly handled in a letter to tha Anjus, signed '• Clericus," which WE print on our fourth page. We, in our leading columns, some time since, took the same view of the case. AT Wilcar.ma the people are very HOR^PY. With oati at. from GOS to 80s per bap, and very indifferent hay at 6d per lb., they are training horses for their forthcoming races. BRICK9 are still scarce »t Deniliquin. WE hear that the Rev. Mr. Souter, Presbyterian minister, hits received A call for Deniliquin district. WE also hear that the rev. gentleman ie in request elsewhere. IT is reported that the Union Bank Corporation ie about, for their use, to build offices at Deniliquin. The site is reported to be about opposite to the London Chartered Bank. HHCUT OF THE RIVERS—June 9.—Rilrnnnld, 2ft Sin, faliinu slowly; Hay, lft 9in. falling-c^LM and foggy; Brewarrina, low, failing—fine; \ algert, do, do; Bourke, rising slowly—fine; Swan llili, 5ft. fiin—fine ; Wa'igunyab, 5ft—fine. BUROKA STATION.—This property will be snV: on the 21st June, at Melbourne, by Messrs J. C. Walker and Co. Euroka is A splendid run, and we hoar from the best authority that the country is now lookiug splendid. There is abundance of feed —the plains aro covered with aline growth of grass and herbage, and tha cattle are in fine order. As an investmcuc, Euroka should command the attention of capitalists.—Duhbo DUpcdch. TUN distinction of having been the very first to send wool down to Melbourne on Deniliquin AR.d Moima railway fell to the lot of Mort and Wat ion, of Deniliquin and Melbourne, who despatched fourteen bales of wool got up by Mr. Oddy, woolscourer, North Peniliquin. The wool was at Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co.'S store on Thursday morning, aud peihaps sold by tliat eminent firm on that day. GOVERNMENT LAND SAI.I-.S wen? held at Deniliquin, on Tuesday 6.H inst., and Wednesday, 7th inst. On Tuesday M.:s.-.r:-'. Mack Hros., OF Mur:."., BOUGHT S8G7 acres 3 roods, at the I:ps»t price of £1 |ver acre. Tha land is situated in the parishes of Cootnite, Nullum, and Murga, Aiurga mil. Twenty-three lots containing in the oggr-gite 2718 acres, on Dcniliiptiu run were not solj, tbe sale of thc-ne lieir.V; R.djoumod to the 20th instant. On Wednoadav Mr. H. RINK.:T?on of liarratta, bought 122 acres 3 roo.is, pmish Barratta, al upset price. Mr. W. OLLH-.er, of Zara. 1240 acres 2 roods, parish Hebden, at upset prk-.\ Mr. H. RickeUon SU2 acres 3 rends 13 porches, parishes Ricketson. Hebden, and Stanaforth. also at UP^T. Mr. F. H. Parker, of Quiamon.,;, 40 acres, pariah Q-.IIN::I":I'_ R , at ups.'t. Mr. W. Officer 279 acres 1 R-..I I. pirisli South Zara, at upset. Mr. ii. Kirki-TM 2:7 R.C.es 3 roods 39 perches, same parish, at upset price. Total area sold 1S.S00 acres 3 roods 12 porches. A TELEGRAM was received at Deniliquiu on Monday requiring such of Mr. George Peppin's family as were at home to hurry - down to Melbourne, as he was lying there, dangerously ill. Ou Tuesday they passed through Deniliqnin, en rcuti for Melbourne. Great sympathy was felt for the sick man and his family, all of whom arc highly regarded here. DEN-IUOT'TN IIOSMTAL.—The usual momthly P'eeting ol tlu: coinroittoe was held on Wrdnesdav, 7th June. Present—Messrs. D. G. Jones (chairman), D. Cameron, J. Waring, A. W. Xoycs, rtnd ilie lion. Secretary, Mr. G. A. .Tiffery. The monthly accounts were passed. An assistant iu the kitchen of the Institution was appointed pro. tim. al 10s per week. Tendere for repairing, paintiiiL', &c..; the rooms were received—Johnston, ~6U 10s : Hsyes, £F 6 7s ; Weekes, £F.S 4s 6d ; St. Veils, .£47 i6s fid. The latter was accepted, which concluded tho business of the meeting. The Chairman informed the neetmg that the Railway Directors vera coll ating moneis from persons travelling gratuitously pro tern by the nil to and from Echuca, that it is cxpectcd that thus I'oi) will be raised for Daniliaui'I Hospital, and that the sums SO received would be advertised iu the Paalorai Times. 