HOW MONEYGRUB WAS REFORMED. IT was the morning of Christmas Eve, and a bright, beautiful morning it was. and even old Mcneygrub, of South Yarra. felt its influence and enjoyed it amazingly, and his breakfast too—for, not satisfied with being the stingiest old miser in the colony, he was a perfect glutton to boot. On the morning in question, then, he sat in the breakfast parlour of bis elegant mansion at South Yarra, and there is no doubt that he did full justice to the good things before him. His beautiful young wife eat opposite to him, lier fair face lit up and radiant with smiles, while ever and anon lier laughter would ring forth in merry musical peals which would have charmed the heart of a wheelbarrow, and made a fireshovel dance. The cause of her mirth was that which has been the cause of mirth to every man, woman, and child in the colonies (except our members, who ean find fun in nothing except in paying their debts of honour)—and that cause was Punch Almanac for the year. Moneygrub's little daughter, Minnie, sat beside her mother, and as the old fellow's eye rested upon both he felt happy, if not thankful, in and for the possession of two such priceless gifts. He loved them ; yes, very much, as much almost as he loved his money, and that's saying a great deal for his natural affection. No one could gay more. He adored the little child after his own fashion, and idolised her golden hair, simply, I believe, because it was golden, for if it had been of any other colour I really think he wouldn't have cared a fig about her or it. " It looks BO handsome," he used to say to his wife, " and rich, that it always puts me in mind of a twentyounce-to-the-ton quartz reef. By the way," he continued, addressing his wife, " that was a good stroke I did last week in the New North Punch's. By ihe b3'e, I fI umM have a letter this morning from Pincliit and Filch ; the postniuii ought to be here by this." And just at that moment the postman knocked at the door, and immediately after the servant maid brought in a letter to old Moneygrub. Having opened the epistle, he glanced his eye over the contents, and giving a very pleased and happy smile, he said to his wife, " Yes, my love, it's all right. All right—very satisfactory indeed—a good stroke, no doubt." " Please, sir," said the maid," the postman desired me to say that this is Christmas Eve, and that he wishes you and the family many happy returns of the season." " Tell the postman," said old Moneygrub, " that I am very much obliged to him for his kindness, and say that I wish him the samemany happy returns of the season. That'll do." " But my love," said Mrs. Moneygrub, " you know it is usual to give the postman a Christmas box, and—" " Itnever was usual with me, my love" replied old Moneygrub—" and it never will be usual with me. I object to giving Christmas boxes or charity in any shape. It tends to demoralise, and when you de- moralise either man or woman, you commit a great sin ; therefore I say Christmas boxes are sins—charity's a sin; and I certainly never shall commit it. I shall go and remonstrate with this postman, and point out to him the absuidity and very great wrong of this Christmas boxing arrangement." He then arose, and proceeding to the hall door, coo-eed to the postman, who was half- way down the avenue, but who, on hearing the voice of old Moneygrub, returned brimful of hope and expectation. " My friend," said the old miser to the letter carrier, who was a delicate-looking little man with a pale face, and one which was full of an anxious and a sorrowful expression, " I am told that it is the custom to give the postman a present at this season of the year, that is to say. a Christmas box, and I am going to give you one—to give you one," said old Moneygrub, frowning. " I'm greatly obliged to you, sir," answered the little man, fidgetting about in a nervous manner, " very much so I assure you, 6ir," continued the man; " I have got a small wife, sir, and a very large family, and "— " And what right have you to have a small wife and a large family? What right have poor people like you to have such un necessary things knocking about them 1 A small wife and a large family, indeed I Ecod, I'm surprised that you did not commit the inexcusable and extravagant folly of marrying two small wives or one big one, and having a bigger family. Ecod, the impudence of some people is astonishing. Had you no feeling, to go and get married to your small wife, and to have a large family or any family at all ? Do you think that because your wife was 6mall you were justified in committing such an indiscretion 1 No, sir, if she wasn't the size of my finger it wouldn't excuse you in my mind. However, I said I would give you a Christmas box, and I will do so now, but it shall be in the shape of sound and serviceable advice, which is this: ' Never take charity from any man, because it is demoralizing.' You may go now," and old Moneygrub was about to enter the house when the man, addressing him, said, "I am obliged to you for your kind advice, sir, and so far as you are concerned I will be forced to follow it, but I shall not long stand in need of your charity, sir, or the charity of any man, for I know that before this day twelve months I shall be in my grave, for I feel that I am dying. But," he continued, " living or dead, my knock shall resound upon your hall door next Christmas Eve, and you shall hear it, and shall answer it; and each successive Christmas Eve the same thing shall occur, for I shall call and call until you do give me a Christmas box, and one too that it will break your heart to part with." As he spoke, the little child, Minnie of the golden hair, passed out between them, and proceeding down the avenue, was soon lost to their view among the shrubs and foliage of the lawn. " I'll report you to Turner," said Moneygrub to the postman, "and if he takes a down on you, your billet will be a tolerably hot one, you bet. Ecod. the impudence of some people is astonishing." And Moneygrub retired to console himself for the annoyance caused by his interview with the postman, by taking a second edition of his breakfast. When ihe letter-carrier had proceeded some distance down the avenue, he came upon Minnie, who was standing beneath the shade f a tree, and as he was about to pass her, she said, " Postman, postman, tell me, did papa give you a Christmas-box ?" No, missy," answered the man, " he only gave me advice." " Ay," said the child, raising her deep blue eyes and laughing as he spoke, " that's what mamma says is so very cheap that we can et it for nothing, and that a great deal of it is dear even at that price. he told me to give you that, it's a pound, as a Christmas-box from er and me, and a happy Christmas, and—have you any little hildren, like me ?" " I have indeed, missy," answered the man, looking kindly and ffectionately at her. " Weir then," she answered, " a happy Christmas to them too, and hat's all, so good-bye," and she ran up the avenue, while the sunhine streamed upon her golden hair, making it bright and beautiful o behold. Old Moneygrub flourished on vigorously through the year and ade money, as they say, " hand over fist;" but the little postman as no more, for he had been promoted and sent up stairs to the ead-letter office, where it is to be hoped he gave every satisfaction. hristmas Eve came round again and was bright and beautiful as he last, and Moneygrub, his wife and child were sitting at reakfast precisely as they sat that day twelvemonths. " Axe all the servants out," asked old Moneygrub, " that they do ot attend to the hall door ? That's twice the postman has knocked." " Why, papa," said Minnie, " I think you must be dreaming; there asn't been a knock at the hall door at alL" " Well," said old Moneygrub, rising, " I shall soon ascertain that, or I shall go and see myself;" and proceeding to the hall door, he pened it, and to his intense dismay Mid horror he beheld the little ostman standing upon the steps exactly as he appeared when living, nly that his face was something thinner and whiter, and there was (Continued m page 7.) a mouldy damp smell from him that was not at all calculated to increase Moneygrub's appetite for his breakfast, " God bless me." said the miser io the little postman's apparition, " I thought that you had been dead for Hie last three months or more." " You thought correctly," replied the shade, " so I have, but I got out for an airing to-day, "and as I once told you I. -would visit you after my death. 0 ! have kept my word, and have called to know if you will give me a Christinas-box." "Well," said Moneygrub, " I don't know what would be suitable to you in your present condition. Perhaps a second-hand coffin would be the most appropriate Christmas-fira* to offer j T ou, but, unfortunately I haven't such a thing knocking about the house. However, if you call on John Daly and say I'll be responsible for a new one. he will, I have no doubt, make things comfortable for you. Good day." " Oh, good day, good day." said the apparition, in a grave tone of voice, '" good day for the present; but I shall call again this day twelve mouths, and I shall continue to call until you do give me a Christmas-box. and one that it will break your heart to part with." And he disappeared. Another Chilsmas Eve came, and so also did the shade of the little postman, and year after year passed by, and the spectre made his visit to old Moneygrub as punctually as the Christmas Eve arrived. Minnie, tlie "child of the golden hair." grew up and became even more beautiful than she had been in her childhood. But a Christmas time arrived and the head with the golden hair was laid on a bed of sickness. for scarlet fever, which was stalking through the land and plucking the brightest and most beautiful of the human flowers, had laid its biu-ning band upon Minnie. All the medical skill available in the city had been secured for her, but her case had been pronounced hopeless, and she was dying. It was Christmas Eve. and old Moneygrub sat as usual at his breakfast table, but the meal was untouched, for the father was weeping and wailing for his golden-haired darling, who was not expected to live through the day. While thus employed, he was startled by the familiar postman's knock of the postman's apparition, and rising from his seat he went to the ball door, and, opening it. saw his yearly visitor. " Good morrow, old man," said the spectre; " I hope I see yon very well—very ill, I mean—because mc and my present mates look upon well as ill. and ill as well—that is as regards you and yourmates; therefore I say I hope I see you ill, and I hope all the family are very ill, especially my little favourite Minnie of the golden hair." "Alas !" replied tlic father, " my child is dying." " How jolly." exclaimed the ghost, giving a hollow but an exceedingly hearly laugh. how infernally folly, the jolliest thing I have heard during my whole life—death. 1 mean. And when do you expect her to croak ?"' "Icannot tell the moment she may die," said the father with a great sob—" 1 cannot tell the moment." " But I can," paid the i-pecire, -'or at least my friend here can ;" and as he spoke he motioned to some one down the verandah, and immediately a form draped in black, and with its face concealed, glided noiselessly up and stood silent beside the spectre. " Gracious mercy protect me," said old Moneygrub. " who or what is that shadowy nut terrible being beside you, and why does he wear those black and heavy robes such a day as this ?" "The robe he wears." replied the "spectre. " is a shroud, and the form it conceal;; is Death. Hulloo. old fellow," he continued, giving his shadowy companion a poke in the side which made his bones rattle like gigantic cabinets, " Wake up and tell us when am I to have my Christmas box ; when will you take the fair young girl with the golden hair ?" Ihe form replied by giving twelve nods of its concealed head, and then remained motionless. " Ay," said the postman's ghost," twelve to-night, she will die then, and I shall have received my Christmas box. Won't that be jolly—my word." "Twelve to-night." groaned the wretched father. Oh God ! and must I then lose my child, my blessed, my beautiful child. Oh Death 1 Death! destroyer of all our race, spare mc my treasure, if only for another year', that I may learn to prepare for our separation. How can I live without her—what will the world be to me when she's gone ? Nothiug but a night of sorrow, heart-agony, and despair. Go, go," he shrieked, grasping at the shrouded form, which eluded him like a mist, " go, pass my dwelling, for you shall not enter here." "Ho, ho, ho," laughed the spectre postman, "that's about the coolest piece of cheek that I have ever met with in Australia. What.! would you go to rob this poor man of his bier ? Dash me, but that's cool. Ho, ho, ho. Listen to me," he continued, wagging his white face from side to side, "listen to me and tell me this :—-Haven't you all that wealth can purchase in this world? Yes, you have. Well you can't be allowed the luxury of a child, for you don't deserve it. Children should be given only to the poor and the oppressed, for the little ones are the only blessings they enjoy in life. You were rich, and had all that man could desire: and not satisfied with that, you should commit the folly and cruelty of marrying and having a child, hich you know might at any moment be taken from you. Was not hat an act of cruelty to yourself in perspective, and to her also 1 You will soon find it so, "for I must have my Christmas box, and therefore our child must die. " Marry continued the spectre indignantly, Marry, indeed; what right had you to marry when you possessed every other luxury that life, or at all events, money could give 1 Ton my word, that was cool assurance. Ecod, the impudence of some people in your world is absolutely astonishing, and completely overwhelms my weak nerves. Ho, ho, ho," The shrouded form remained' motionless and silent all this time, but when the spectre postman ceased, it moved slowly, and with a mournful, oh very mournful, sighing sound towards old Monieygrub. as if it intended to pass into the house. And then the old man, in a tempest of agony, dashed himself at the terrible object—and knocked the coffee pot off the breakfast table, and scalded himself most deliciously with its contents. " Why, Moneygrub. my love," said his wife. " what in the name of goodness could have come over you ? You laid down your cup about five minutes ago, and lying back in your chair, fell fast asleep and commenced muttering and moaning in a most amusing manner, as if you were dreaming. , Dreaming 1" he exclaimed, and regardless of his scalds he clasped Minnie to his breast and kissed her a hundred times. " Oh, Minnie, Minnie, dear and darling child." said the old fellow, looking down into her deep blue eyes, " I have had such a dream, a dream most terrible, but one that will make me a better and a wiser man henceforth and forever, and A letter, sir, said the pretty housemaid. " and the postman deiat (his — is Christmas Eve, and that he wishes sired me to say that you and the family many happy returns of die season. " Happy returns of the S2a«on," said old Moucygrub. *les, a liappv return of the season to every man, woman aud child on the face of the earth, and manv of them, especially to the little postman. I nhall go and see him;" and Moneygrub went to the haU door, divine his hand into his pocket as he did so. " Well, my friend, said Mr. Moneygrub to the postman. " I hope I see you well, very well indeed. There is no One with you, eh: no one in a shroud 1 Ah no, I forgot, it was only a dream." •• Shroud, w'r." said the man, looking in the other's face, which was beg-nning to assume an expression of benevolence, which gave it a peculiar and unwonted charm. " No. sir." continued the man no one in a shroud, thank goodness, but your namesake. Mr. Tiglitfist Moneygrub. of Clieat'em Villa. Gardiner's Creek Road, requires one at present. He was found dead in his bad this morning." God bless mc," exclaimed Mr. Moneygrub, " do you tell me so? Is there any foul play suspected ?" ^ '•I can't say. sir." replied the man, " but it i 5 reported that one of the servants observed a tall person,^wrapped in a long black cloak, walking about the grounds last night." " There, there, that'll do," cried Mr. Moneygrub, " I know what if was- say no more about it. You asked me for a Christmas bfcx, I think, and you shall have one. I like giving Christmas boxes-I always did'like giving them (he never had given one in his life) and I always shaft like giving them. You told me you had a small wife and a very large family, I think .'" " No. sir." replied the man. " it is quite the reverse ; I have got a very large wife and a very small family—a family of one, my little daughter Minnie." , „ , . , „ T "Just; like me." said Mr. Moneygrub. "All, well, what shall 1 give j'ou—half-a-crown ? No, half-a- sovereign-a sovereign—two, and he balanced the coins on his finger and said, with a sigh, Its a great deal of money, no doubt." . And. sir." said the postman, " the person who was seen in the black cloak" , " There, there, that will do." exclaimed Mr. Moneygrub, " here s a five-pound note for you. and I am truly happy to be in a position to give it to you." , " I'm extremely obliged to you, sir," said the man, pocketing the money, "and grateful for your kindness. The person who was seen in the black cloak is supposed to have been Mr. Graham -Berry or Mr. Ma<on." - , . , . .. " And what, in the name of goodness, could either of them wa,nt prowling round Mr. Moneygrub's place?" asked the astonished gentleman ; what could either be looking for there ?" "I don't know, sir," replied the man. "excepting it might be looking out for squalls.' Good day, sir, and thank you." ' Mr Moneygnib has become quite another man; he has, in fact^ been transformed from a Daniel Dancer into a Man of Ross (not of New Boss), and all the family of Moneygrubs, and they a?* numerous, assert that be is labouring under softening of the brain. Nothing of the sort, however, is the matter with him. for he is in the enjoyment of excellent health, and says that he never was more perfectly happy than since he underwent a softening of the heart; and he sincerely holies that all of his class may receive a severe and lasting attack of the same complaint. To which let us all say, " Amen. • 