THE ENGLISH MAIL. To-day the mail due in Hobart Town on the 10th inst. will bo delivered. This is eleven days behind contract time, the P. and 0. Company's mail steamer China that brought the mails to Melbourne having had to pat back to Ceylon. in consequence of the breaking of a shaft. The China that was signalled aa off Glenelg, Adelaide, on Thursday morning, reached Melbourne as expected on Saturday morn- ing at nine o'clock, and hy ten o'clock the Derwent had left Sandridge with the Tasmanian mails on hoard, an example of promptitude and despatch for whioh the Toamnnian Steam Navigation deserve credit. To them tile people of Hobart Town were also indebted for the information on Saturday, that tho China had reached Mel- bourne. When the Postmaster-General left his office at 1 p.m. on Saturday, no information had reached him that the mail liad been even sighted off Cape Otway, nine hours' sail from Melbourne ; nor liad the Government, till an advanced hour, spiiit enough to telegraph for information, having trusted to some old arrange- ment under which the Postmaster of Melbourne undertook to telegraph the arrival ef every mail, an undertaking that has been so often not f»Hilled that only tlie greatest credulity could trust to it. Some curtain means should bo determined on under which the Postmaster-General could rely in receiv- ing tho latest newB. When the mail arrivos, or ia signalled, in the evening, we, of course, have the fact telegraphed by our Melbourne correspondent, hut foronoon and raid-day telegrama aro of no business value to us, and, therefore wo do not get tbem. It is useless to trust to the liberality or discretion of the manager or operators of the Submarine Cable between Victoria and this. On Saturday morning there was communicated, with- out charge, the arrival at Adelaide of the 1'. and 0\. Company's steamer Avoca, coming to relieve the Ellora on the passage between Melbourne and Sydney. This waB probably because the informa- tion was of littlo importance, as probably only supplementary China or India mails need be expected. These will roach Melbourne on Monday, and any mails for this be forwarded by first Tasmanian steamer, which will leave on Tuesday. But probably beonuse the information aa to the arrival of the regular but ovcr- dtio steamer was important, and the liberal Manager of the Sub- marine Telegraph Company t'lproforo calculated on receiving from some one a fee of four shillings, ho did not wire to Hobart Town information whioh he j lind, or could have gat for the asking. The conse- quence was that a flag intimating tho arrival of the Avoca at Adelaide floatod from the soveral i flagstaff's all day, but it was not till 5 p.m. that the ling was displayed in Hobart Town, intimating that the China was at Molbourne, where she had been from 9 a.m. Surely some reform is necessary. The telegram recoived by the manager here of the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company from their agent in Melbourne, intimated that the return of the B.s. China, advertised to loavo Melbourne on Thursday, had been put off to daylight on Friday. On ascertaining this the post office authorities noted with wonderful alacrity and decision, rendering all the moro inexplicable their previous apathy. It was resolved to defer the closing of the mail from to-dny till to-morrow at 4 p.m., so as to catch tho Derwent, whoso departure from Launceston has been put oil' till Wednesday morning. This will provo a great boon to business ponple. The delivery of the mail from London will commence at!) a.m. to-day, and thus, instead of only a few hours, there will he nearly two days allowed for correspondouce. OUR SUMMARY. Notwithstanding the postponement of the sailing of the mail, Our Summary for England is published, as advertised, to-day. Had, as was at one time oxpectod on Saturday, it been possible to reçoive our English files last evening, wo »liouUl havo given [ our usual English extracts to-day, and havo post I poned the publication of our Summary till to-morrow ; but as the English files cannot reach this till to-day, and our ordinary sheet will to-morrow be chiefly devoted to English extracts, we publish our Summary to-day rather than send back to England, with the Summary of Tasmanian news, our ordinary sheet filled with English news, which would be worse than Bending coals to Newcastle. Vick-Rboal.-Wo understand that HisExcollenoy the Govornor, accompaniod by the Minister of Lands, purposes proceeding to Launceston, whore he will remain till after the racca. Thoiico ho will go by Scottsdale and Pattersonia, to the Ringarooma districts, visiting the Cascades, Thomas's Plains, Gould's Country, and other mining localities, and going right across the country to George's Bay. Crrv Polick Court.-Tho only caso at tho Polico Court on Saturday was against Afargarot Smith, for abandoning her child, a male infant, aged !| montliB, on tho night of the 10th hist., by leaving it on tho donrstop of a Mrs. Brady, of Argyle-stroot. The defenoo of tho defendant was that she bad left tho child in charge of an old woman for tho night. J Tho Bench administered a severe caution to tho defendant, who was discharged. The magistrates were Messrs. W. Tarleton and H. Cook, | Delivery op EuoLisn Mail.-The Derwent! reaohed Low Heads yesterday morning at 7 o'clook I and Launceston shortly before midday. The coach with the Hobart Town portion of the mails left Launcestou at 4-39 p.m., or an hour and a half before the usual time. In consequouce, the delivery will take place hore this morning by 9 o'clock instead of shortly after 10 as on ordinary mail arrival 'days. ArisiTORS of Norn-Among the passongers by the s.a. Derwent, whioh arrived at Launceston yesterday, wero the Hon. T. E. Elder (of explora- tion fame), Messrs. G. C. Hawker, John Elder, and other gentlemen from South Australia. Dr. Beaney, of Mellion ruc, was also a passenger. City Council.--The following business will be transacted at the meeting this forenoon :-Reports from the various committes as follows, viz.: Markeis -On representation of the Master Warden of Marine Board, as to condition of wharf east of th'o Old Market, and a drain on the S. E. thereof, Vublio Works-On application of Mr. Charles Davis, to erect a gun-powder magazine on his pre- mises, Elizabeth-Rtreo/. Ways and Means-On opplication of Inspector of Stock, Assistant ditto, and City Inspector, for an increase to their salaries; also, or. applications of G. Chapel for increase of wages; on ditto of the following 5 laborers for ditto, viz., John Dillon, Peter Larkins, Henry Hutchins, M. C. Neal, and P. Boland. St. David's Cathedral.-The Rev. T. Curwen Campbell, who officiated at St. David's Cathedral ' during the late mission services, and who has been acting in the capacity of missionary in'several parishes in the colony since the conclusion of the Hobart Town mission, preached both in the morn- ing and evening at St. David's yesterday, to crowded congregations. In the morning the rev. gentleman took his text from the 15th verse of the 2nd chapter of St. John's Epistle, "Love not the world, neither the things that are in the world." In the evening, Mr. Campbell preached from the 22nd chapter of Job, 21st verse, "Acquaint now thyself with Him and be at peace : thereby good Bhall come to theo." The Rov. Mr. Campbell, in tho course of his remarks, alluded to the hospitality which had been extended to him during his visit to Tasmania, and stated that ho would leavo for Sydney on Tuesday next. St. Joseph's Church.-At High Mass yesterday, celebrated by the Rev. C. P. Woods, a Bormon was preached by the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, the recent Rector of St. i John's College, Sydney. From the gospel of the day, the Very Reverend and talented gentleman delivered an impressive address, which was listened to by a largo congregation. The Mormon Missionaries. -Messrs. Swan and Burton held another service at the Oddfellows' Hall yesterday afternoon, but the attendance was only moderately, good. The subjects of the discourse was the Holy Ghost, the reception of which by the laying on of hands is next to faith, repentance, and baptism, held to be essential to salvation. The audience did not seom to be particularly edified with the dissertation. Miss Chistian's Farewell.-In another column will be found the programme of the extra entertain- ment to be given in the Town Hall to-morrow evening by the Rev. Charles Clark and Miss Christian ; and it will be noticed that for her lost appearance the accomplished vocalist will bo favoured with the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Mrs. Weld, who have signified their intention of being present. The programme of this farewell entertainment is a very excellent one. It includes two or three of the pieces, which, were received with most favour last week, but the majority of the recitals, songs, and other pieces will be given for the first time. In addition to two new songs, " Will he come ?" and "You and I," Miss Christian will, repeat "Kathleen Mavourneen," and (by command) "Auld Robin Gray." Mr. Clark's recitals will include "Tho Death of Colonel Newcome" (the finest death-scene ever portrayed by a novelist) ; and Mr. Farley has chosen two of his best songs. This will be the positively last entertainment in Hobart Town, the intention to give another on Wednesday having been abandoned in consequence of tho company having to appear at Launceston. The Bale of the tickets for to- morrow's eutertainmeut will commence this morning. Art Union of London.-It is notified that in consequence of the departure of the Enßlish mail having being postponed until to-moirow (Tuesday), au) scribers names will be received until noon to- morrow. A specimen copy of the splendid engraving, "The doath of Nelson," may be seen at the store of Messrs. Walch, Macqiiarie-street. . HoRsns and Asse?.-Tho silly season ia at its zenith in the North. That specially favoured portion of tho colony can now boast of its rabies as well as its rubies. Our telegraphic news this morn- ing intimates that a largo crowd, accompanied by a band of music, waited at the railway station, Launceston, for two hours on Saturday evening, for the purpose of welcoming the raoo horse Strop on the arrival of tim tiain from Hobart Town after having carried oil'the Cup. Tho unfortunate horse was escorted and serenaded to Mr. Field's tow n Rtable, after which it may bo presumed that a lucid inter- val _occnried, and the silly multitude returned to their homes, leaving the horse to cat his oata in quiet. Melton Mowbray Agricultural Association. \- The fit st annual mooting of tho association will bo held at Melton Mowbray, at 11 a.m., on Thursday next, tlio 24th inst. Meinhera aro particularly requested to attend, as it will be the only meeting during the year at which oxisting rules, etc., can be altered. Hop / Picking.-It is announced in another column that hop-picking will commence at Bushy Park and Valleyfield, on Saturday next, tho 20th inBt. Pickers who intend proceeding to the above mentioned grounds, aro requested to forward their names to Captain Wise, on board the Bteamer Monarch, before Friday next. Freo passago is guaranteed. The Tennis Club, Davey-street.-The second ties for the prize racket are now played off, with the following results :-John Macfarlane won three sets running from A. Dobson, the latter receiving 15 and bisque, but from want of experience did not make the best use of the latter. Had he done so, the event might have been different. A. J. Stourton, giving half 15, also won three sets love from Mr. C. H. Bromby rather too easily, for Mr. Bromby did not play as he usually does, having been ill for three or four days. Charles Butler again won three sets love from the Rev. J. Mace, the odds received by Mr. Mace were half 30 for a bisque. This was better contested, and though beaten, Mr. Mace showed a very good fight. The fourth tie was between Mr. Justice Dobson and L. Travers; the Judge gave 30, and was barred underhand services. In spite of the heavy odds he gave, it was a matter of surprise to us that the Judge lost. But we must say a good word for the youngster's play, which speaks volumes for Mr. Stone's teaching. We cannot but praise his and his brother's style. The concluding tie was played on Saturday between Canon Bromby and Mr. T. M. Evans, the Canon giving half fifteen. Canon Bromby won three sets to one, a very close and well-contested match ; Evans lost the first set, three to six, but won the next, six to three ; he lost the third and fourth sets, each five all ; the best match of that series. The third ties consisted of the following : Mr. Weld-Blundell to give half forty to Master L. Travers ; Mr. Charles Butler at even with Mr. John Macfarlane ; Mr. Stourton, half thirty and bisque to Canon Bromby. We fully expect the final match will take place on Tuesday afternoon, the 22nd instant. Sanitary Matters.-It is to bo hoped that the City Council will, at its meeting to-day, adopt somo resolution under whioh the public will receive periodical information uf what the Health Officer and Inspector of Nuisances do, Everything con- nected with the discharge of their duties is now a sealed book to the public It will also he necessary to define their duties ; and if the Inspector of Nuisances is too independent of, or co-equal with, the Health Officer, tho Council will be placing a rod in pickle for themselves, and neutralising the efficiency of both officers. Town Hall Pooitatii.-The experiments of tho City Council's ennoreto' manufacturera havo con- verted tho newly laid down footpaths in front of tho Town Hall into n perfcet nuisance to thoao passing along tlic-m. Is tboro no moans but raising the queer,mixturo and laying down pavement hy which the tar could ho placed below, and tho gravel above, instead of as now the gravel forming a sub- stratum fur a bed of tar. " What's tub Timk ? "-To this universal query there can bo a piompt reply, at least by thoso in tho i vicinity of the well-known jnwcllory establishment of Mr. William Golding, Murray-street, near St, David's Cathedral. Tho clock placed abovo tho shop door by his prodecossor had its usefulness impaired hy being only visiblo whon the shop waa open, Mr, Golding so arranged to have it exposed at all times; but still thcro waa a drawback, in ennacnuonco of tho clock not being prominent enough. In order to remedy this, Mr. Golding caused to bo affixed above his sign-hoard a neat receptacle, whorein the dock baa been placed. The present l ariangoment will, however, bo improved by Mr. Golding, who contemplates procuring a larger dock, j to bo illuminatod at night. That the removal of | the long existing town clock, connected with old St. David's Cathedral, was no loss than a public loss, I is generally admitted, so that if other jowollors in ! Hobart Town follow tho laudablo examplo now sot, I a favour will bo conferred upon visitors as well as ! citizens. In another, and moro contrai part of tho town, MoBBrs. Walch and Sons'now building, corner of Elizabeth anil Liverpool-streets, willbeBurmounted i hy a cloak with ¡Hiiminatad (liai.* Mr. Golding > purposes rogulating Iiíb clock by a first- class astro nomical time-piece. Aquatics.-Tho sohoonor Lillian, which sailed yesterday morning for Launceston, took two four oared gigs, and fuurskiffs for the uso of oompetitorsat the Tamar Regatta, whioh comos off on tho 2i)tu inst. Tho crew which won tho Ladies' Purso race at tho Hobart Town Rogatta-Messrs. Q, Chapman, C. Gaylor, T. E. Creswell, and G. J. Lloyd-intend proceeding to Launceston to compote for tho Ladies' Purse at the Tamar Rogatta. Accident.-A woman named Mary Oilbort, agod (10 years, whilst walking in Molhourno-strcet, on [ Friday night between 7 and 8 o'clock, fell on the curb through her hool slipping and fractured hor thigh. The unfortunate woman was taken to the | Hosplt«! on Saturday, where her limb won set, 