Perfidious Albion ! ———— UPON one occasion, after Sir Robert Walpole's retirement from office, Horace, thinking to beguile his father's tedium, offered to read some historical work to him. " Anything but that," was the states- man's reply, " for history must be false." One has only to read some of the news- papers published on the Continent of Europe in order to feel assured that the Prime Minister of George the First and Second was speaking by the card. The daily journal should be the daily diary of the time ; the record of everything worth recording that happened during the pre- vious four-and-twenty hours ; but if the future Schlosser, who should attempt to write the history of the nineteenth century, should happen to get hold of a file of the Roman Il Diritto, and should imagine that he had discovered in it a secret and authentic history of the events which occurred in Constantinople a few weeks ago, he will be apt to mislead posterity very considerably. The paper referred to is the acknow- ledged organ of the Depretis Ministry. The head of the Government in Italy is understood to be part proprietor of it ; and this gives it an importance which it would not otherwise possess. Its conduc- tors are suffering from Anglophobia in its most acute form. Just as, in the time of the first Napoleon, the French newspapers declared that Pitt and " Coburg" were at the bottom of all the calamities of Europe, and that British gold was omnipresent and omnipotent, so the Diritto declares that England is the factor of evils innumerable all over the Continent, and must be held responsible for the suicide or assassination of poor Abdul Azis, who, as Vanity Fair says, is now Abdul As-was. The Ministerial journal in Rome honors with its largest type a letter from Berlin, written by a correspondent who evidently knows all about it. Not only were the scissors which were employed by the late Sultan in opening his veins manufactured in Sheffield, but the hands which punc- tured the veins of that worn-out debauchee were manipulated from Down- ing-street ! Perfidious Albion was the author of the mischief. The Berlin letter writer, without ex- plicitly saying so, leads his Italian readers to infer that he is the bosom friend of the Crown Princess of Prussia, and that as soon as that distinguished lady has received a batch of letters from Balmoral or from Buckingham Palace, he is sent for to Pots- dam, or elsewhere, and is made the re- cipient of the contents of the whole of the correspondence. He says :—" I have heard, and I relate the thing faithfully to you, that Queen Victoria was at first opposed to the policy which her Ministers intended to pursue at Constantinople, and which they had long before prepared with- out her knowledge, but at last consented that the mine so long prepared should be sprung. Her repugnance, dictated by the upright sentiments of the woman, had yielded before the necessities of State. The revolution was decided on, and the necessary orders were given. But at the first announcement of the Turkish revolution in England the bloody memories of the seraglio were evoked ; and in the uncertainty that reigned respecting the fate of the de- throned sovereign, it was supposed that the traditions of Ottoman history would be preserved, and the ex-Sultan slain. The Queen, whose disposition is mild, re- ligious, and somewhat mystical, saw the spectre of Abdul-Aziz rise before her !" What a sensational incident for the future historian to dilate upon ! What a fine subject for the Schiller of the year 2000 to embody in a romantic drama, and for the Kaulbach of the next century to depict upon a fresco ! Let us hope the artist will drape the spectre of the Turkish potentate, and not present him to the terrified eyes of the British queen just as he appeared when he died. The Berlin letter-writer goes on to de- scribe the agony of apprehension which her Majesty underwent in consequence of having been brought face to face with this ghost of a " demnition body," and how she sought for consolation from the Pre- mier and the Foreign Secretary, and how both those important functionaries assured her that, although the Sultan was a pri- soner, yet his life was in perfect safety. Nevertheless, the prophetic words of General Choke had been verified. Queen Victoria was actually " shaking in her royal shoes in her luxurious lo-cation in the Tower of London," not, it is true, on account of anything that may have ap- peared in the columns of The Watertoast Gazette, but because she dreaded that something was about to happen to the sovereign whose hostess she was nine years ago, and whose death would be for her " a cause of eternal remorse." Then it was, we are told, that " the woman got the upper hand of the Queen," which was the reverse of what happened in the memorable instance of the Governor of Tilbury Fort, when " the father softened, but the Governor was fixed." And this is what followed :— By a spontaneous and individual act of her own, without pawing through the trammels of State administrations, without even consulting the head of the Ministry, she caused a telegram to be sent to Sir Elliot (sic) containing those few words which reveal a profound and piercing emotion, " Abdul Aziz has been my guest ! Watch over his life !" (According to a Parisian paper, the telegram was in French, and the operator mistook the words Soignez le for Saignez-le !) We all know that the Queen's wish was not attended to, and that, whether suicide or assassination, the death of Abdul Aziz followed his deposition with an interval of only a few days, without Sir Elliot (tic) having been able to do anything to save him. But what all do not know is that the ancient walls of Windsor shut in another immense sorrow ; and that, in the extreme delicacy of her mind, Queen Victoria blames herself, and weeps for having, by yield- ing to her counsellors, provoked a revolution, which probably could not have taken place without the part played by England, the upshot of which was the death of Abdul Aziz. That is a fine touch of sentiment about the ancient walls of Windsor shutting in an immense sorrow. English journalists can never approach their foreign rivals in this respect. Insular pathos lacks the expansiveness and profundity of continen- tal bathos ; and none but a French or German artist could have succeeded in portraying the delicate-minded Queen a prey to self-reproach, and weeping, like Niobe, over the fate of the fat sensualist who committed suicide, or " was suicided" at Constantinople the other day. And yet the picture is incomplete. The Berlin correspondent of the Diritto should have finished it off by representing her Majesty as having been utterly distracted by grief and remorse, and as wandering through the echoing corridors of Windsor Castle, mournfully ejaculating in the pathetic words of Tilburina— Now, too, the feathered warblers tune their notes Around, and charm the listening grove. The lark ! The linnet ! chaffinch ! bullfinch ! goldfinch ! greenfinch ! But O ! to me no joy can they afford ! Nor rose, nor wallflower, nor smart gillyflower, Nor polyanthus mean, nor dapper daisy, Nor William sweet, nor marjoram—nor lark, Linnet, nor all the finches of the grove ! ====================== EVERYONE now talks complacently of Wag- ner and his works (says " Atlas" in The World) ; and even those who do not admire admit his genius and the dramatic spirit of his works. We must not forget, however, that some twenty years ago the maestro was driven from London amid the revilings of musical critics—that his masterly "Tannhäuser" over- ture was hardly listened to when he led it at the Philharmonic concerts. It is pleasing to think that her Majesty was in advance of public opinion, and sent for him to offer her congratu- lations. At Paris this great opera was hooted from the stage. In a week or two Wagner will be the most talked-of person in Europe ; and as I write correspondents from every journal of position in the civilised world are at Bayreuth or on their way thither. EX-COLONEL VALENTINE BAKER, of the 10th Hussars, who has completed his term of impri- sonment of twelve months for his assault on Miss Dickenson in a railway carriage, has accepted a commission in the Turkish army. " IT doesn't take me long to make up my mind, I can tell you !" said a conceited fop. " It's always so where the stock of material to make up is small," quietly remarked a young lady. 