JUNGLES ON THE JORDAN. Okb of the remarkable things connected with the Jordan is its jungles, which are confined to the bank of the river. Thistles, briars, canes, vines, willows, tamarisks, and many other trees and shrubs grow eo thick and rank that it is often impossible to penetrate to the water's edge. After having once seen these |*IU§bs, one ceases to wonder why the boirs and other ' waibnimals which frequent sucn places have never been exterminated. Here their retreat is secure. One day recently,, in a canebrake or jungle where I had succeeded in penetrating a short distance, I started a wild boar not ten feet frv-m me, and I may safely say mat ne starred me, or eiaruea me, at least, xiutoeae ran it did not become necessary for me to do so, even if I had been able. He made a tremendous crashing as he dashed through the dry canes and bubhes, but the jungle was so thick that I could not point myiiflo at him at all. Besides boars, hyenas, jackals, ichneumons, and other wild animals frequent these jungles ; and birds also are found here in great numbers and variety. We have already nearly 100 specimens in our natural history collections, some of which are rare, while many of them are exceedingly beautiful. We have Smyrna kingfishers, quails, kestrels, griffon vulture?, ducfes, storks, herons, Pharaoh's chickens, ravens, nightin gales, besides a great many others, of some of which we do not even know the names. The heron is a very difficult bird to obtain, and m less so are the beautiful frankolins. The frmkulin resembles in sbape the Guinea hen, and is twice the size of the largest of the two kinds of partridges found here. They have a small head and short neck and lesrs, and the colours are exquisite. The flesh is white and delicious, but inclines to be dry. They have a peculiar call of five or six notes, and hide in the grass and run under it in such a stealthy way that it is only by rare good luck that one gets a shot at them. Tho eagle-gull which we have spreads five feet eleven inches. The immense griffon vul- - turcs, of which we have a pair, male and female, measure the same, that is three feet six inches from tip of beak to tip of tail, and spread respectively eight feat three inches ? ' * __» -_Ci *-?*. /».. _.?_„!.__ nrt.:i_ n.— turn ciguL luei iuur iukuvb. it uuo uwy measure the same in length, the female makes the biggest spread by exactly one inch. Among four footod animals in Syria, the leopard is destined soon to become extinct. They are found now only in the wildest and most inaccessible gorges, and even there but seldom. Large amounts have been offered for * their skins, and native hunters are con stantly on the look-out for them. A few years ago one could obtain a reasonable number of leopard skins without diffi culty, while now it is impossible to get one at any price. — Letter to Boston Advertiser. The Religion of the Kafirs. — The religion of the Kafirs, like that of all other varieties of ' the noble savage,' is nothing more than a vile superstition, accompanied by customs of a most de basing character. By this religion woman is degraded to the lowest level, and classed among beasts of burden ana the goods and chattels of her masters. Polygamy, of course* is universally allowed, and under the system of pur chase which prevails, the number of wives bears proportion to the wealth of - the husband. Concubinage is permitted, and no idea of purity or virtue is per mitted to exist. Witchcraft ia the great leading feature of the Kafir religion, and 'witch doctjrs' are its priests. In those places where British, influence docs ni t exist a system is regularly carried out, by means of which men with property arj sacrificed to the rapacity of the chiefs. A witch doctor 'smells out' somo person who has caused, or is c i using, sickness or som9 evil. Cruel tortures, followed by death, are imme diately applied to the unfortunate victim, and his wives and cattle taken from him. This is an everyday occurrence among the Kafirs, and urgent repre sentations are very frequently made to British colonial authorities upon the sub ject. The Kafirs believe. in a Supreme Being, but most of their rites are con nected with the worship of their deceased ancestws, whose ghosts they endeavour to propitiate. A spiritualist of the nine teenth century holds a belief something similar, ana no aouot couia irawrnize witn there savages on the same *' religious platform.' Christianity has made no real impression upon them, although the great intelligence and aptitude for learning of the pejplehas been proved at one or two well-conducted industrial institutions. £o use the words of an officer of the Government who spent many years among them, ' The Gospel has been preached to them for the last fifty years, and some attempts have been made towards civilizing them; but the Kafirs, nationally considered, remain just as they ever: were ; no visible difference cm be discerned. They are &e; perfectly heathen now as they were ia the days of Vender Kemp (one of the first missionaries, 1798), and so they ever will continue 63 long as their political Government continues to exist in its present pagan form.' This extract points to the fact which Sir George Grey thoroughly recognized, and of which the Governments of the colonies and the states of South Africa must be well aware, that, unless the power of the witch doctors be destroyed, neither can civilization progress, security be secured, nor Christianity prosper. The one great means of ttirrinj; up etrife, fomenting war, and binding the people to their cruel and jnfamous religion, ie the superstitious beliof in the powers and influence of their priests, commonly known as witch-doctors. Physically, the Kafir races aie particua ly fine — stalwatt, well-formed, manly, and brave. They are also intelligent, and there are now in and on the borders of the colony a number of Christians among them. — The Month. The comparatively recent journey of Pundit Nain Sing from Ladak to Lhasa, tte capital of Great Tibet, and thence aoross the Brahmaputra and the lofty ranges of the Himalayas into British territory by the Tawang route, forms, says the At/tenceum, one of the most important of the contributions to our geographical knowledge of Asia that have been made during the present century. The devils are not as yet ace ssible to the public, but a very brief notice of the journey atd map of the route have appeared in this month's Geographical Magazine. The results include a route survey of 1200 miles (accompanied by 276 latitude and 497 height observations) of entirely new country lying across the heart of the lacustrine plateau of Tibet. The journey has disclosed the existence of & vast chain of lakes and rivtrs, all previously quite unknown ; it has confirmed the position of the great northern Himalayan chain, and has given us exact knowledge of a more easterly route from Tibet to British India than any other hitherto known. It appears that this same energetic and intelligent native explorer, who did good service while employed by the Messrs. Schlagintweit, and has since earned greater fame by his journey to Lhasa, in 1865-57, and other minor feats of travel and scientific exploration, is about to retire from the service. We heatily endorse the suggestion that he should be presented with some special reward for his many brilliant contributions to scientific and political geography. . . A man too strictly economical becomes an econo-miser. 