? POLICE COURTS. THIS DAY ADELAIDE: MONDAY, AUGUST 28. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., C. Smedley, J.P., T. O. Jones, J.P., and J. M. Stacy, J.P.J ITickolas Tuhey, for drunkenness, was fined 10s. Patrick Lenant, labourer, was fined £2 for insulting behaviour in Hindley-street on August 26. Charlet Holland, for using indecent language in O'Conneil-street, North Adelaide, on the 26th, was fined 20a. John Howard and Henry Nash, labourers, were charged with wilfully breaking two squares of glass, value 3s., in a street lamp. Fined £6 each, or in default three calendar months' imprisonment. Ellen, Storr, widow, was charged with having no visible lawful means of support. Evidence was given that defendant was found asleep on a seat in Hindmarsh-square. It was also stated that the defendant was in the habit of dressing herself in white garments and impersonating a ghost to intimidate little children. Cautioned and discharged. Thomas Balety, blacksmith, was charged, on the information of Eliza McDonald, licensed victualler, of the Theatre Royal Hotel, with disturbing the peace. Fined 10s., and 24s. costs. John Bennett, labourer, was charged with using insulting behaviour in Rundle-street on the preceding day. Fined £2. For using indecent language at the same time and place he was further fined 10s. Thomas Powell, labourer, was charged with insulting behaviour on the 27th instant. Fined £2. Edward McKenzie alias James Carrie, shoemaker, was charged, on remand, on the information of WQUam Bruggeman, saddler, of Adelaide, with forgery, and uttering a cheque on the Bank of South Australia for £5 17s. on August 18. Joseph Currie, bookmaker, of Tankalilla, deposed that the prisoner, whose real name was McKenzie, was in his employ in June last, remaining there ten weeks. The signature to the cheque produced was not witness's. Detective Jennings said he arrested prisoner on Friday last in a house in Rundle-street. Searched his clothes and found several pawn tickets on his person for boots pledged; also two invoices, one for £80 10s., for goods purchased from the Commercial Boot Company, and the other for £5 Ids. for goods supplied. On being charged with the offence, prisoner made no reply. McKenzie, who reserved his defence, was committed for trial. He was further charged, on the information of John Pretty, the Manager of the Commercial Boot Company, with forging .an acceptance for £80 10s. on the Bank of South Australia, on August 18, at Adelaide. Informant stated that the prisoner, who gbvei the name of John Currie, came to the establishment on the day in question, and ordered a quantity of goods, part of which he took away. By the prisoner—Could not say exactly what was the value of the goods taken away, but should fancy it would be about £4 or £5. The bill would become due a month hence. John H. Rosser, pawnbroker, Freeman-street, said the prisoner came to t his shop on the 18th inst. and pledged three pair of boots and three pur of shoes'(produced) for 16s. He gave the name of JewelL Lewis Irwin, .pawnbroker, of Freeman street, said the prisoner came to his shop on the 23rdinst. and pledged two pair boots (produced) for 8a. in the name of Jones, and he said he lived in Grotestreet. Charles Chester, pawnbroker, of Freeman-street, deposed that the prisoner came to his place on the 23rd and pledged two pairs of slippers (produced) for 3s. in the name of Jewell, of Start-street. Frederick William Draper, ledger-keeper at the Bank of South Australia, said the Bank had no transactions with any person of the name of James Currie. Joseph Currie, of Yankalilla, said the signature on the acceptance marked B (produced) was not his. Committed for trial. [Mr. Jones here left the Bench.) Prisoner was also charged with forging and uttering a cheque for £5 10s. on the Gawler Branch of the Bank of South Australia, on the 20th instant, at Two Wells. Thomas Oliver Jonef, boot and shoe manufacturer, of Gawler, said the prisoner came to his premises on the 19th instant, and ordered six dozen purs of boots and shoes, giving the name of James Currie, bootmaker, of Yankalilla. On being told that the terms were cash he gave witness instructions where to send the goods. The signature to the cheque marked A (produced) was not witness's. Edward John Glyde, said he was a clerfc in the Bank of South Australia, at Gawler. There were no transaction between any person named J. O. Jones and the Bank at Gawler. In order to allow the production of additional evidence the case was remanded till Thursday.! John Callaghan, licensed victualler of the Star and Garter, was charged on the information of Inspector Bee with unlawfully supplying spirituous liquor on Sunday, August 20, before the hour of 1 o'clock in the afternoon to certain persons who were neither lodgers in the hotel nor travellers. Defendant, who pleaded guilty to the offence, was fined £2 and costs 10s. Arthur Mnham, landlord of the Joiners' Arms, was charged, on the information of Inspector Bee, with a similar offence on Sunday, August 13\. Frederick Otway, John Parsons, and Bernard Simmons, currier, were charged with aiding and abetting. Mr. Smith, who appeared for defendant Ninham, contended to the charges against the defendants, who were alleged to have aided and abetted in the commission of the offence. This objection was overruled, but His Worship discharged the defendants Otway, Parsons, as he did not see that drinking the beer supplied by the landlord of the hotel could be said to be " aiding and abetting." Mr. Smith submitted that there 3 no eoidence that the alleged offence had been committed within the meaning of the Act, it not having been shown that the liquor was supplied to persons not being "travellers." If the Inspector had shown that Otway, Parsons, and Simmonds, who lived in the neighbourhood of the hotel, had returned to their homes immediately after being supplied with the drink there would have been a case against the defendant Ninham, but as this had not been proved he contended that the case ought to be dismissed. The licensed Victualler's Act, under which the information was laid, he considered was for the purpose of previously a due sense of piety on the Sabbath and prevent tippling. His Worship—The Bench is of opinion that there has been an infringement of the Act, but considering that there was no drunkenness or disorder in connection with the case, the Inspector will be allowed to withdraw the information on Mr. Ninham paying the Court fees. Withdrawn accordingly. James Boran, tinsmith, was charged on the information Elizabeth Anne Koehncke, wife of Frederick hoabneke, picture frames, of Gawlerplace, with indecently assaulting her on August 26, at Adelaide. Informant stated that she was staying with her father on North-terrace last Saturday evening. About 9 o'clock that evening she went out to buy some articles, and on returning home she met the prisoner near the garden-gate. Shortly afterwards he committed the offenoe complained of, whereupon she screamed, and her sister came to her assistance. By the prisoner—Am a married woman, and reside with my husband. Annie Stephens, sister of the previous witness, said she heard loud shrieks at the back of her father's premises on North-terrace on the evening in question, and on returning te the spot found her struggling with the prisoner. Police-constable W. Hamilton Fairlie deposed that he arrested the prisoner last Saturday evening at hishouse, about 10 o'olock. Prisoner, who made no statement, was committed for trial. He was also charged with indecently assaulting Annie Stephens, at the same time and place, and committed for trial. Doran pleaded not guilty to the further charge of damaging afjacket and dress, value £3. the property of Annie Stephens, on August 2o, Fined £2, damage £3, and costs 3s. Bishop Meade, of Virginia, once 6aid, "Our girls are poorly educated, but our boys will never find it out." A coffin maker, having apartments to let. pasted his bills upon the coffinBmthewindQftNUWUWUi "Lodgingslot single geBtieneni" 