NEWS BY THE MAIL BY Ibe lflst Miiil iptolligenco bai couio.lo j bund . of auotbnr secession from tlie ranks of so-Oftiled. ".Orthodoxy," in tho per 8 »u of tho Uey. V Robert .Asboroft, of. Hock Fe'rry, near Liverpool, England, who has for mauy yonra bueu Paslor of ibe Iadepeudeut Church iu that placo, at a enlary of £400 per. annum. ""Tlie following . aro copies of tho placard distributed by , him subsequent to bis 'resignation, and tho address to which- atton jion .was iberoby called ; - Jmp -bt xt I—?" Lst God ba true, but every man a liar."— Uoni tns ill ,4 ) ,:.Tho "Itev " R. Asbcroft (who; )n future, will drop (he use of . the tlt'o " reve rend,", ns n title not warranted by 'tho Scriptures to bo u<»d by. or applied to, any man) requests all who are interested In the supremo question,!': What Is the Truth?" to moot him on Sunday next, June 11th. iu; the morning at llo'closk. In tho Drill IU1I, Holt IliU, Tranmere ; and in the evening, at lirif'past six/ io tho. Albert Room, Rock Ferrr, to hear from kin an KxplAnation of tho roaons which have led him to relinquish his recent pastorate, and lo take up a. (to. him) wholly new pos ilon, founded exclusive y upon the .orlptures of truth, and involving his renuncia1 tion of tno Robed nnlSalarioil "Ecchrihstlcism" of the day, as things pertaining to an ahomlnablo uposUcy from the primitive ordor. Mr Ashcroft will, on tho eame occasion, lay boforo his hoareri tho lead i g features of the now position, in the hope that every listener will at least examine the matter lo an unprejudiced spir t aud with tho Oiruust desire tit it many h -nest minds— searching tho Keriptures— will he induced to unite thomsslws with him lo the pro fes&ion; aod obedience of tho gospel of Christ In the way lie hxs ioqulrod— i way which Mr Aahcroft is now convinc d has boen much corruptvil in tlmoourse of the centuries tiiat have elapsed since the depmure of Christ from the earth. At the close of his dls courso Mr Ashcroft will prosent liis hearers with a printed stitemont of tho ancle 4 apostolic faith, with numerous quotations from the Scriptures in troof of It Mr a shcrMt hapes thatou future oosasUns tho whole buhject will be presented in a complet) form,' in aao'les of lectures, to ho delivered by otiie:s us well as himself. If auy innn rpeak, .let lilis apeak as the oracles of God." -(I Peter Iv. 11.) On the day ' appointed, a larg and respectahto congregation as seuibled in tho Drill Hall, Holt: Hill. Tranoicre, and llstenod to the following , b ; ' ADDRESS. i My dcar frlcntla.— The poiltlon I have A<sumed it ono in no respcot analogous to the one I have aban doned. It would be Impossible to mention q fciugio t>oint of resemblanco between tho two— excqt Indeed that It 1b the »dio voice which now addresses you that was wont to speak in tho hotring o the congre gation osiembllng at Ilighfleld Cnurch For such remarkabl i changes of thought nnd sympatiiy thero must i'0 reasons, which will more or less ommend themselves to tho judgment of pious and discerning minds. " I am not mad, most noblo Festus, but apeak forth tho words of trutli and soborne3i," A few sentences will suffice to convey to you my reasons for re!l< qulshtog the 'AStorate of the Congre gitional Qliurch In this neighbourhood. At the time this step tats la Von, my perception of the truth was not so dellnlto and clear as U now is ; and therefore I yielded «ith cousidcrab'o reluctance to (he pressure that was brought to hour. Now, I regard tho gentle men who wore co«oporntlvo la br nglng about my r«?i ftitrnation. ns havinc. In the nrovldenca of God «lonn mo tho highest form of sorvico liu.l nil been willing that I should remain, I might at this time have been speaking from a position which I am purouuded it is inr osslblo to identify with tho profession nnd service of tho apostolic faith. Therefore I nm thtukful to tho Deity that I was not entirely surrounded by friends In thAt distressing experience— although 1 fully upprecUto, and shall never forget the sympathy thatwtfl nmnl/ostod by many who wished things to abldo as thoy were. My present position Is oae of direct and uncom promising hostility to tho Pnpnl and Protestant Chris tondom of the period. Tt is based— not upon confes aions of faith or human formularios of any sort, but— upon thoso Scriptures which alone "nro able to make men wise unto salvation, by lalth which is in Christ Jesus." In abandoning one form of church org wia> tion, ono naturally looks'aronud to seo if there is not soino othor which ho can conscientiously and profit ably join. During tho past fourmon hs I have hid abundant opportunities for test ng tho merits of tho various eccloslastlcal systems vxtant Rolug outside tho whole of thora, I have beou in a likely way for arriving at an Impartial decision. Having had no deacons to fear. And no soat-boldors to favour, I could look at things without prejudice.— And the question of so!Mnioro8t was not allowed to iutofere. And will you bouevo itr tuore is not ono or thewbolo legion of names ami denominations who support thoir re spective ministers at salaries varying from £15,000 to £<J0 per annum— that I could possibly Identify myielf with. I did think that I would roUtn my counection with tho Congregational Union of England and Wales ; but I Uio sinco asccrtuinod that the rales of that association rondor this impossiblo. Members of tlmt body must lie favourable to pmdorhautlsm or Infant sprinkling— a form of clerical foolishness, which, I thank God, I have uttorly and for ever renounce ). But why not join tho Baptists? Well, partly bcc.iuso they would not have me, aud partly because 1 would not bo Identified with them if they wero willing 1 should require all Baptists to bo re tmmorscd that woro ignorant of tho kingdom of God and tho thiugs concerning the nam», <bo., At tho timo of thoir Immorslon. Rut of tills more will be said presently. It is not a common form of objection to tho posi tion 1 have taken, that it by implication at leant, condemns us as unscriptural tbc beliefs of multitudes of intelligent aud devout porsous, both in tho present day. and conturlos preceding. It is considered in credible that so many oarnost and pi ms souls should hnvo been tulstakon with regard to iho Oral principles of tho oracles oi God. I am by no means indifferent to tho force of this objection. Atflrstsightlt appears most formidable. Rut there aro a fo things to bo takon Into account. Thoro can bo no doubt that unanimity was a characteristic of tho ewly Christian boliovors. Our Lord prayed lor it. "That they all may bo ono, as Thou Father, art iu mo, and I in Theo, tlmt thoy also may be one in us ; that tho world may boliove that Thou bast sent mo " Was tb&t; prayor ovor answered t Lot us turn to tlie Acts of tho ApostleB and see. There is In tho 6th chapter wo road, " And tho multlludo that boliovcd wore ono of heart, and ono of soul" Was it cousldorod desirable or necessary that this state of unanimity should con tinue? it certainly doos not oxlst In our day —but did Its perpetuity form any part of Apastollo desire ? Thero can be no doubt that suoh was tho case, io writing to tho Romans Paul said, "Now tho God of patienco and oonsolatlon grant you to bo Hto-mmrfeci ono toward anothor, according to Christ Jesus, that ye may with ono mind and one mouth glorify God, ovou tho Fathor of the Lord Jesus Christ." To tho Corinthians ho wrlios as follows, "Now I beeseocb you, brothron, by tho name of our Lord Jesus Christ that yo all spoak tho same ihlog, and that thoro bo no divisions among you ; but that yo bo perfectly joined togothor la the samo mind and In tue samo judgments." Clearly enough Paul novor oontemplaUd as a thing to be tolerated the oxlstonco of a multitude of wrangling denominations, all claiming to belong to tho body of Christ, ile had but little patience with thoso that cause divisions contrary loiho doctrine wh'ch was apostollorily rioliveveri. But tho spirit nf prophecy wasinhlin, and under Its guidance h« foretold tho oxuc>. condition of religious nff-iirs which wo seo among us to- day. Delusion and confu lon wero to ari80 and tho mystery of iniquity was to work until iho re-appcnrauco of Jesus Christ. Even in Paul's own day, believers had coiscd to keep tho unity of tho spirit in tho bond of peace. And thin s wiro not likely to Itnprovo wlion tho npostlos wero removed from tho sccn» : nor did thoy. Schism onc« imro duccd into tho body, spread with an appalling rapidity, and thero arose ono aftor another, the various conflicting religious ordes which exist at thn present time, and which can only bo c died "Chris tians" nn irony, or by a mistaken charity. Sundry anomalies of tho most glaring t.-po aro every now and thou oxhihitcd by thoso polom'c! antagonists Their accoptod ni"Uo is " in tilings nountlnl unity— in tilings doubtful liberty— in all things charity " Hut who h to decide what thing me essential, and what things aro not? Tho stao inent Is a vory looso ono. Sotno pcopla may ho poiver'o onough toboiovo in tho essentiality of all that God has revealed for human faith. Wo find Baptist, hmvovcr. coquetting with other religionists wh t laugh at their immersion, aud arranging to present them with tho congratulations which aro dceuicd upproprlato to cuitain spocial occasions. Her nro two parties scpaiated in opinion and in prnctlco, concerning ono of the first and plainest of all I ho Christian requirements, yet meeting each other a fallow believers and dls iplcs of tho one filth ami tho one Lord. And that h presumably their vorrion of Augustine's motto. In things otscniial unity. Or, huL somo ono will say baptism in not essential, nnd theroforo iho question need bo no barrier to fol'owship, whichever way it Is rogardod Rut, my friond, Whore did you get this information? Btpilsm Is a nonessential, doubtful, unnecessary ordinance 1 Then uro we to boliove that Chiiri commanded anything that ho might just as well havo said ito ldiig about 1 Iti3 gunertlly admttod that repentance is essential to salvation. " Hardness of heart and contempt of God's word and command- munis" aro by common cousont tilings to bo avoided and prayed against. Rut ns for baptism, well you may " follow tue devices and iloriros of your own heart." and yot when tho multitudo at Pontecost said to Petor and ths rest of tho apostles, M n nnd bretheren, what must wo do? tho answer was. " He- pent and bo bnptlsod every ono of you for tho remission of sin." Modern theology sajs, You are bontul to repent, but you may pleae yourself about being baptised And so In a set, so you may. You are not compelled to ob y a slnglo commandment of (.'hrist, or t.i havo any part in whatovor you do not exactly rtdMi. At tho same timo it wcu'd hardly I)" fair for you tooxpect the remits. of compliance and olrdience to follow upon your non-compliance and disobe rieucu. I might turn round upon such a party and say. Now It Is verv necoisary ilmt you should be baptised, but as for repentance, that'lsnn open question vhout.whicti "divinoa" u«o notarreod an i in thinus doub ful wo must uxero'so uharity Yot the 44 Chris. ian" world would be shocked by such a delivmttiice; lor what reason logicallv 1 fad to see. If it was ucoivotry 'or lite people at .lorusilem to b biptisud as wotl as to lopent in order that they might, obtain Hits ronilsbm of sins, surety it ca>unt be unticos ry- for people in tills rt'ginn, who nro c uitlid itei for tho same blessdneis lo do tin same. Relieved of all the po'omtcal rubhUh Hint In accuniul »ted up»n t'»e suhjos, it sttnds lit this fashion— Immeisbm is necessary to biptism a- various scriptures aud alt Gr ,0k lexicons will toslify ; Imptl m Is mceriary to obedicnce, (i>r wlion Clirl-t ordained it ho said, " loach them to.obse vu all things wh-tmuver 1 liavo coinmimlod you." . Gbotlimice is Hccou'ary to lal ation. "SVhy c til ye mo ljorit, Lonl, ami o not the tlrngs which t sty?' Ho i "tlio author. «>f Ktenml >nlvt'on to all them that obey him" if,' therefore, men w:io consider that ri.ey hve obeyed Christ in this m tlt-r cui give the right hand of tellowahip t;» those who hive not, h-y m ty do so, but " my suul.: oomonot thou into th Ir scc-et : uti'.o, their usscwb y, mino. honour, be not' thou united " . . It will t.ot be news io most of you th«i my seve ance from my iec ntp»st')r.il charge was o»lnj p-irtlv 1 1 my having fol owed the fxaiuple aud ' pr.'c.'pt id Christ In the- nutter of baptism, and partly to my having be icved and tnu;ht thv thererisuo Innnor- tallty f"r mort-l nan iip irtfr. ni resmrect on nt (ho reappoarin,' of 'Chrbt, who Is the soune of it I renpuned the 1 lea that imui wm two or throe person ill lot rue into ono. or tint he h'.mielf wa,an immortal essoute or o tlty, loh -hiring a body of fl '-sh and blooil. Useomed to mo ahsurt to 8iipp >so tint whi e a blow mi the hen renders a' man as uncoil scious as though he lint never been, a yet mme terriblo blow »cit>vriug his brains about, gmerates btbker and more vigorous thought .than . ho. ever cxjferiuncod before. Tho Pcriptnres informed ms that M the lirst man was of the eaith, earthy and I cm'il not i>or undo inr&elf; tbat he had grown by tlu liptu of ge«, iut» anything more magnificent and 'duriihlu. .Milton's dollniUon of human nature Jtesmed tohio to he dmsonant aliko with tho IMble and' with tin (Vc'ate- of common senso : " Man is a Uvl' g hefn/.' intrinsically, one and Individual j :not com- pxind or separable; not (according to the commn opinion) .made up or framed of two distinct, and differ nt natures, as of soul and tho soul man— that ix a' iiody or suhst ince, Individual, animated, sensi- tive and tationnl." Thii I consider a most complete nn i satisfactory answer to tho queition, " What is sun?'1 it follows that that when this "iiidivdual'Mle., he Upsei Intoostateof ncrfcctunconiclous, In which lie remain until tlie resurrection. Nothlngbutthe aul"a- ;tlcg piinciple which glvos life to all creatures that live by. breathing, and which Is cal od in Sc lpturo " spirit" or " breath of life," departs froin him at death. M Ills brouh goeth forth ; he returnetn to his earth; In that very day his thoughts') rlsh."- 0 spake one of the Holy men. of old, as lie wis moved by tlie Holy. Spirit.. Heme tho abs dute nece-sity that exists for resurrection,'!! a dead mm is ever to llVi again. This trulh was pro.achcd by ilie apostles whorevcr ihoy went How h it thnt wo hear so little of it from pulpl;s olaltning to; set forth apostolic 'truth ? The answor is not far to seek Tho heathen dorma of the immortality of the soul has been allowed to supplant the Christian truth for which we contend. What do mea already immortal want with resurrection ? To such persons tt seems a together an awkward and'unnecejsary arrangement. Good peop'e, when they die, aro supposed to have immediate con vey nco upon the downy wings (f rainisttfriug spirits to. tho he»ven of lieav n. Their "sou's" do iui raediateiy pMV loto - lory, and enter Into the presence of the Re- leenier. In n funoral ser.uon delivoro ! n it liongdgu, there wore some extraordinary things s.itd about the deceased. " David Thomas," declared tho preachor, 'Ms not dead! He is risen! risen to tho heaven of etornnl Uht." Now either the preacher. in mis case, muu iravu ueo ju nitj wrung, or i uiera words on the day of Pentecost are not possessed of nil the authority which we have been accustomed to attributo ti them For of auothcr man. whoso n ono wa« David, he unambiguously affirmed tint he" isuot ascended Into the heaven." Ilear, too. tho words ;Glirlst to his disciples : " As I said unto the Jews, so say I now to' you : whither I go ye cannot come . . But if I go away, I will corao a.ain and receive you unto tuyself, that where ! anr there yo may bo aim." For lack of dls erningthe nocesslty of Christ's return to, this earth, prs .chers, as a rulo, sar little or nothing .about It, and the majority of pious people do not c «re to have the subject mentioned. Thus the bllnl are leading the blind, and the ditch is the probablo dediny of bub. ; . It is Impossible for any ray of saving light to gain access to a man's mind so long as ho cherishes the fable of his own natural luaraor.ality. It nullities Christ's gospel so'co iipletely, and substitutes for it a gospel so entirely different from that which ho com- mauried Ids disciples to preach, that we confess our inability to mm any lnpo of faivation . for him who Ubours under Hie mighty delusion, it 1 possl de for even goud and pious people to be "alienated from the llfo of God through tho ignorance tint is In them, ami bKoiuso "( the blindness of ill lr hearts." Our moral sentiments, liowevor excellent, operate to no savin ( result, unless thoy are In hannony with the truth that God has revealed. '"Sanctify them through Thy Truth ; Thy Word is Truth.'' " Of ills .own will , begat ile us with tlio .word of. truth." " Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises : that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped tho corruption that Is in the world through lust," 'Now it is In vaiu for us to expoct to becoroo part tkers of tho divine nature by anything that God has not promised. And liis promises must surely bo understood before thoy they can do us any good. II as. IIo, therefore, pro mised to abstract from me an immortal ghost nt death, aud translate it to astronomical regious? ilo has promised nothing of the kind. Rut He has promUcd that tho meek shall inherit the earth : that ho who overcomes shall have power over tho nations ; that ft crowu of righteousiioss shall bo given tn that day to nit who lovo Christ's appearing : that thoy that they who sleep In Jc.ms ho will lead forth together with him. Such promises nro exceeding great and precious, and well qualified to make all who believe them pnrtakors of the tllvino nature, and to servo as inducements to mako good their escape from the corruption that Is In the world through lust Thou my teaching concerning tho kingdom of God proved very distasteful to many composing my for mer charge. 1 maintain that this kingdom is not Already In existonce ; tho Lord God lias not yet given unto Christ tue throno of his father David, nor set up the monarchy which shall break In pieces and destroy all existing forms of government and stand forever. Relievers, 1 havo spoken of, ns heirs only of that kingdom, nnd Christ I have represented as being about to judgo tho quick and the dead at hit appearing nnd his kingdom. Thoso views are an tagonistic quite to popular conceptions upon tho subject, according to which tho kingdom of God means tho Christian church. Ono of our hymns begins thus I lovo Thy kingdom, Lord, The house of Thine abode ; Tho church our bl03t Redeemer bought With his own precious blood." So that according to this, wherever you find tho phrase " Kingdom of God" in tho Scriptures it will bo perfectly proper for you to substitute tho word "church," sluco thoy aro regarded as convertible torms— just two different modes of expressing one and tho simo thing. Vory woll, let us read a few texts in tho light of this information. " Fear not, littlo flock ; It is your Father's good plcasuro to give you tho church." "Hath not God chosou tho poor of this world, rich In faith, and heirs of tho church which Ho belli promised to thorn that lovo Ulm." " Ttiy churclb come, " Tby will bo dono on earth as U Is in Hcavon." " It Is oasior for a camel to pass through tho oyo of a needle than for a rich man to ontor tho church ." (A statomont this which facts abundantly dis prove.) " Flesh nnd blood cannot inhorlt tho church.' " Graut that these my two sons may sit, tho ono on Thy right hand, and tho othor on Thy loft in Thy church." "What say you, friends, to this stylo of reading tho Scriptures? It is porfoctly proper If what inon aro taught Is truo. You aro at liberty (on this theory) to turn the words and expression up and down, and revorso thorn in any way you please. For further oxample, what Is thoro to prevent you reading tho following texts In this fashion Paul sent into Epliosus and oalled the elders of tho Kingdom of God." "John to tho seven kingdoms of God in Asia." " It is a shamo for woraon to spoak in the kingdom of God?" And so on, Had wo not bettor take things as we find them in tho Scripturos, and pay less attontton to the false interpretations of men ? Moreover, I havo ralsod a storm about my head In consoquonco of having vonturod to suggost and toach that Paul moans what ho says whon ho declares that " The wages of aln la death." My dootrino (which, howovor, la not mino), is that mon are born "chil dren of wrath"— liable to tho ponalty which fol lowed upon the aln of Adam. "By one man'a dlsobedlenco the many were constituted sinners." And out of Christ they can establish no claim to an interest in God's covenant of eternal life, nor expect exemption from the operation of tho law of sin nn l death, which consigns all who oome bonoath it to tho dust of the ground. ".So death passed up n all mon." No unjustiiWd sinnor sustains any rotation to tlie gospel of salvation thnt Is of any value to him. Uo la simply related to Adam and In Adam all dlo. Rosurrcctional responsibility arises only from contact with tho truth. " This is tho (ground of) condemnation that light camo into the world, and mon lovod darkness rather than light, bo- cause thoir deeds woro evil." " >Vhoro no law ii there is no transgression," and tluroforo no responsibility. " Man that Is in honour and understandeth not isliko tlie beasts that perish." "As many as havo sinned without law shall also perish without law." Consequently thoro Is no room in tlie dlvlno economy for tho endless tormontation of the lost. They aro to bo punished (if they know not God and obey not tho gospol of our > ord Jesus Chrhtj with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord and from t ho glory of his power. Yet how tenaciously mon cling to the delusion that well-nigh everyone but themselves and their friends is doomed to the endur ance of endless, motlvoless, vlndlctlvo suffering ! Tho affection with which tills tro nendous error Is regarded is most extraonlimry. It, and tiro notion of an omnipotent devil, kept in chains of tlArknos. nnd yet roving about at perfect liborty, schoming and plotting against God, and trylug, In all sorts of ways to com p if s man's damnation, arc forms of superstition which oven otherwise intelligent Bible-loving men are most reluctant to abandon. My friends, it is written, " The wicked shall perish, and thn enemies of tho Lord shall bo as the fat of lambs ; they shall consume, into smoke shall they consume away." "What is it to perish ? Oh 1 said one in this neighbourhood, not long ago, " What it is to pcrisli Is not for mo to say. But It is something awful !'' Ono is disposod to assort thit ' It it some thing awful" for a profossod guide of the ignorant to say tlut ho knows tint the meaning of a simplo word liko " perish " Some kinds of bread perish ; but thero is another kind which cncZuretfc unto overlasHng lifo Tlie pollticd heavens are to perish, but thou remafn- est. To perish, then, according to Scripture, is, not to endure— not to remain. God pave His only be gotten Son, that whosoever beUovoth on hlin should not perish, but live. Rut tho exigencies of somo me'i's theology, together with the temporal interests of themselves and thoir fainllios. interfere with their candour, and dispose thorn to "darken counsel with words without knowledge." ... , I am eoriroly convinced that the only truo and safe method for a man to adopt in theso days, is to ro- model his faith and practice, after the ancient apos- .toilc design lie will of necessity And this courso most inconvenient, and may mako up his mlml to lose many friend in the process It requires some resolution' to "come. out from among thorn nnd ho Bep irate;" No saint can fellowship ft.lio, and remain a fnlnt— or one separated from all that is not of tho (ruth- Tho npnatlrs were mn»t xpllolt on thlj point " ilo tlmt Mbldoth In the doctrine of Christ, hath both the Fat' or and Son ; if tbero come any unto you and bring not th«s doc'rlnc. ro- elve lilm not l-'to your homes neither hid him God sp -ed, for h t that M.ldoth h'm Gol «peel Is partaker of hm evil deed." So that you seo tlie truth is on nn account to ho compromised tor the ?nke of a supposed charity. Charity, It should lie icnmmberod. rejolcoth no-, in iniquity, but re- jn colli In tho truth. That man I uncharitable, therefore, who knows what the truth Is. and y- t ha 4 urnimmlmi with error.4. 1'aol his left us -without choice iR th s matter, for the following aro his words, "Now I be each yott, brethren,- mark nein wh'cli eiu-e divlvons and offences contrary to tlu tloctrinci wlpch yo have ioarno i and jvoid thorn " That inay s iem a wretchodty narrow and' exclusive polio— hut it bears the sanctimof ao Inspired aoo-tle. I have » em asked 'to heco -e a party to th » formation of a churoh which should embrace all sha les of rel'gous, op'nl-m— to cultivate wh it is cal'o.l targe- heartedoess,. a'«( to eschew all well defined a-d eoatrauted unwise- mants > his. dear friends, is . simply impossible. Pluck ! blao't, nnd white is white— and not "either the on «>r lh» other according tn circuu-staHces.". straight Is the gite and narrow I tho way tlmt endetli (into li'e. and few- there bo that find I Toe rule that Is to guide us is not what we or any one elm may thin?:, but what the Scripturos say. I'ur I imlhow is simply to aecopt what God has been pleased to revoil to uj in simple words lo refuse to do this, out of a spurioui and mistaken char ty, is to make »rim :a llar. and to ren ter ourselves liable to condemnation for contempt of His word. . I have ctlled you together f r this >peclar purpose to-day that you all may perfe-lly understand -my no ition, and then take such action as you may resolve upon. Better it Is that this shou d b j done b' Idly and nt once than later on. I saw thero was a danger of my drifting into a position from which I should sub eauently have felt It ray duty to extricate imssir. And painful though It Is to me to m.ike this statement 'I would have been much mora painful l iter on. Therefore, I havo summoned courage, and don tho neorssnry but disagreeable thing at onco. I am not sanguine enough to bo-leve thnt you all will seo things as I see them, or folluw mo In what I hold to b» the only safe and scriptural way. For let me assure ou th t it means reproach, and thero Is no mo- ey to be mado out of it. nor any friendships on a very large aud Influential scale. Now let mo indlcato to you the loading features of my position. What constitutes a church, S'Cai'od. on New Testam-n r. prlnclph s ? A nd who are qualified to worship God acceptably "in Spirit and in truth?" Is there not a danger lest s imeone should Imtgiae themselves Christians when thoy ate not? And if heir right to this designation can be disproved from Scripture, is it not an act of true charity and un feigned kindness on tho part of any who will venture to direct thoir attention to the ctrcumUances? Tho way in which o>en aro made Christ aos (?) now- a dtyi differs in all essential respects from tho apo'- tollc plan. What Is the position of a man who list-n for the first time to the gospel of the Kingdom of God, and the thines conceroir-g tho name of Jesus Christ? Paul shall answor us. Writing to tho Epho- slnnt, ho reminds them that at that time they were without (or out of) Christ, bring aliens from the commonwealth ot Israel, aud from tho covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in tho world." Now, how is a roan who Is thus circmn- ataecd to get info Christ, and be included in the covenants of promise? This is the question cf ques tions, and it requires an apostle to answer It aright. It is presumed that the person has become acquainted with God's covenants of promise, and is aware o the nature of tho declaration that God made to Abraham, and renewed to nis iiuscenunnis, wnen no preaoncu th < gospel to them The promise was that a certain tract of couotry should bo given to Abraham for an cverlastlog poise'slon, and tlmt in hlsood all nations of the earth should be bloso<t. It therefore amounted to a guarantee of Immortality, for certainly no mo tal man sue i as was Abraham at the time, could retain o« esslon of anything for ever. For tho promise to have its fulfilment, it will bo uecessary for Abraham to bo raised from the dead. He died In the faith not having recelvod the promises, but having seen them ufor off. Now God has arranged tlmt the blosslng of Abraharamlght coino on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ, that wo might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith. The law was a hiudrance to this, and stood In tho way of our attaining tho desired immortality. But Chriit hath rendered Infirm the curse of the law being made a curse for us. The object of his obodicncc, his death, and his resurrection, was thus to do away witli tho evil con sequences resulting from Adam's sin, and to give us a legal right to oternal life. In him we are blessed witli faithful Abraham. But how are wo to get Into Christ. By what arrangement or process are wo induoted Into tho covenants of promise Paul shows \w how all this transpires " As many of you ns have b4on bap Ised iuto Christ havo put on Christ nd if yo be Christ's, then nre yo Abraham's seed andholrs according to the prom so." ' Yo are com plete in him which is the head of all principality and power; In whom also yo aro circumcised with the oirouraoision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ; burled wiih lilm in baptism, wherein also yo aro arisen with him through Um faith ot tho opera tion of God, who hath raised him from the dead " All persons thus brought 1 «to r'ation io Jesus Christ nro qudifiedto worship God. They aro "a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people (particularly in theso day) ; that they should thow forth tho prrisos of Him who hath called thorn out of dirknc3i into ills marvellous light." As living stones, thoy uro "built up a' spiritual house, a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable tu God by Jesus Christ." In apostolic tlmos those people "mot together on the first day of tho woek to brcax bread " In ob-dtouce to their Lord's commands ; and thus ahowod forth his death tn anticipation of his coming again. This D a duty binding upon nil who havo boon bnptlsod Into Christ They are required not to loruke the as- simbllog of thomselvos together as the manner of somo is. No chnogo -of circumst inces or country can furnish a legltlm&to; oxcuse tor tho neglect or this ordinance. If only two or three can meet thut in C-irist's nam?, thoro ho will bo in the midst of them. Tho oiriy disciples continued steadfastly in tho apos W dootrino and fellowship, and la breaking of l, rs/iil nnd nravors. Tui tea iminy thoy delivered tn tho ontitde mul titude was another affn-r altogether. It la quite a mistake for a roan to suppose that bocauso ho goes to hoar somo othor ninn pro icli he I. th«roforo, religious. Christians, in apostolic tlmos, did not moot togothor to hoar oratory, but to exhort ono anothor, to pro voker one anothor to lovo and good works, to publish, byword aud deed, the death or thoir Messiah until he come. And whatever others may do, I Intend hencoforth to follow thoir example. Herein I shall bo in union anl sympathy, with a considerable numbor < f tho Lord's brothron In tho British Empire aud America and elsewhere, who havo cast aside tho traditions of men and botakon themselves to tho law and tho testi mony Instead At tho timo of tho American war, these brethren wero llablo to be drafted into tlie army, and as Christ forbids his disciples tho mo of tho sword, thoy petitioned tho govornmentand claimed oxomption from military sorvlc-. This necessitated thoir adoption of a naino whoroby to distinguish themselves. Thoir choice fril upon two Greek words Christou mlelphoi, or brethren of Chrl-t, which Ang- llc'sed is " Christadetphian." If thoro is any special reproach connected with such a name, I for ono am quite w.lllng to boar it. " Christ Is not ashamod to 0-tll his followers brothorn.' Therefore I am not ashamod to have tho designation applied to mo in its original form. Thoso brethren hive mon amongst them whom it is no light for othors to meet in open disputation concerning tho truths thoy maintain. Thoir beliefs aro sot s»rth in the painphlot which I have provided for gratuitous distribution at the close of this sorvico, and which I h -po all of you will Accept, suspending your Judgment till you liavo road, markod, learnod and inwardly digested what it oontains. Aftor the delivery of (headdress, viz., In the after noon of tho same day, in his own bath-room, and in tho prosonco of devout wltnossos, Rodeut AsnouoFr (34), formerly Congregatlonnlist mlnistor, was im mersed into the saving name of Christ in the ap pointed way; and at the same time and place, William Rbubkn Yxahhlbv (29), i-lerk, formerly a momber of the same congregation, was also baptised, after glviog ovidonoo of his understanding of tho things concoming tho kingdom of God and tho n&mo; of Jesus Christ. 