THERESE BOITEAU. By MARA. [The exclusive ripht of publieatioji of this tale has been purchased by the proprietors 01 the Sydney ifail.] Chapter VII.— Tex Yeaus Later. — Cucx Austraxis. Ukiieu the starry Southern Cross, heavenly emblem of heavenly hope, yet suggestive of earthly cares to be borne by earth's'inhabitants so long as that earth shall itself endure ; shining so brightly over that new world which is steadily, but surely, growing and ex panding from out the 'deep silence and desert wastes of the past into the life-teeming and man-supporting land pf the present and of the future— the land of promise and of fulfilment to hundreds 01 tnousanas of the teeming swarms of human beings who have sought and found therein ampler space wherein to fight the battle for life than that afforded by the crowded countries of the -world— a land whose history arid tradition nre yet to be developed out of the future, and whose glory and greatness will be, perhaps, but commencing when those of the great nation from which its sons have descended are on the decline, if not even in the midnight of oblivion. Newest of the new fields provided by the Grea Creator for the labour-cursed creature, man, to toil and delve4n, and least blest with attractions such as have 'made other -'lands the -.rallying points for myriad troops of human beings, whether their quests be sport, . amusement, fashion, freak, or sober, earnest work, 'Australia's vast silent forests have yet held hidden within their depths a potent influence, to tempt mankind to penetrate even to their farthest limits— the all powerful magi, gold, gold, the great lever where with all obstacles to human happiness, save death and disease, may be overcome ; and by whose aid the vast island continent shone upon by the lustrous Crux has purchased for itself a name and a place amongst the nations of the earth ; and though as yet the fair land is but coldly received' by her older and better known and accredited territorial relatives, Australia, nouveau riche, and parvenu though she be, shall be an honoured and worthy member of the great world's tribes and peoples in the time to come. But, like all great results attainable in this sphere, long and weary, and attended by much toil and tribulation, are the paths to be trodden by those whose mission it was, and is, to labour for the production of this brilliant future for their c 'mntry, which is to be the reward of their work'; and, albeit that rich have been the guerdons vouclisafed to thousands even of King Gold's devoted, infatuated, followers, still it must be writ that his auriferous majesty proves him self a most autocratic ruler, and by no means given to meting out equal-handed justice to his subjects. To day the great king of the golden realm will suffer to die in misery and starvation some steadfast hench man or follower who has patiently and devotedly, but unsuccessfully, attached himself to his royal master's service for years past ; and, anon, maybe, within the self-same hour, some new adherent, a recruit to the golden army of martyrs of but a day old, is ie warded by a right royal proof of favour, and receives a for tune for his new- born fealty to the mighty monarch — Gold. Ten years subsequent to that night which witnessed Henry Eldon's and his companion's flight from the old schoolhouse in Fiance, here in this southern land of Australia occurred one of those exciting in cidents of gold-fields life termed Rush- oh! The name of this latest El Dorado is 'Frenchman's Rush.' A few short weeks ago, and the now dis reputable-looking ground-upturned diggings was as pretty a nook of sheltered wooded scenery as could well have been found in Victoria ; but the fatal cry has gone forth of ' Rush oh !' and lo ! the Destroy ing Angel himself could not have more effectu ally obliterated all trace of beauty and grace in the erstwhile pretty sylvan rock-bound creek and vale than have the unsparing crowds of gold seekers 'who have rallied hither from far and near ; and just now the excitement is at its height, for every claim bottoms on gold in greater or less quantity ; the valley is both long and. broad, and shallow sink ing the rule. So all is going right merrily for the dig gers, however ill for the grace and beauty of the once pretty forest glen. Some thousands of men are on the ground, for the fame of Frenchman's Rush has travelled quickly and far, and great things are pro phesied for the surrounding country as a most pro mising and extensive new gold-field. Far as the eye can scan, the banks of the creek are lined with tents and huts of the miners, and the air is full of the sound of the rocking of many cradles on either side along the entire length of the now dis coloured stream of water which flows through the valley. . Pull awuy, cheerily— not slow or wearily. Rocking your cradles, boys, fiist to and fro ; Working the hand about, shifting the sand about, Peeking for treasures which lie hid below,' trolls out a musical and manly voice, as its owneT stands at the edge of the peasoup-looking fluid pour ing down the gold- smitten valley ; and, as he sings, the cradler puts into practice, as nearly as may be, the advice contained in the words of the once famous song-writer which have reached our ears, by ' rock ing a cradle fast to and fro,' whilst his mate, no less a personage than the great hero of the rush, ' Frenchie,' the prospector and discoverer, is busily engaged in bringing fresh supplies of wash-dirt from the stacked heap close by. ' Look here, 'Frenchie,' my boy, as thos§ discern ing buffers of the moleskins delight to call you, there are bigger fools than the fellow who wrote that song ; why it's as natural as the thing itself — Rocking the cradle, boys, fast to and fro, Working the hands about, shifting the sands about. That's a flaw, though ; but then, remember, the bard was a blessed new chum who never set eyes upon a diggings, and admit that he struck a patch when he wrote that song.' . ' Not bad for a new chum, as you say ; but after tramping for something like a lifetime, as you and I have been doing, over this monotonously new ana great country, in a vain search after a pile claim, the poetry of the rocking operation is slightly destroyed, perhaps, by the prose of familiarity, especially when, in spite of the most patient and; persistent, almost parental, intentions with which we have rocktd, and rocked, the ? treasures' declined to --show up for us, but ob stinately remained hid below ; but we've struck it rightly this time, lad, I believe; and if cur claim holds on as it's doing, we'll soon bid a long farewell to cradles, diggings, and all ; but stick to it, old fellow, and for God's sake let's clear out quickly for ? ' ' Frenchie, my man, don't be impatient ; why, bless my soul, we're scarcely fairly at work at this, the verj' first good thing we've dropped on, before you are crying out to be off. Zounds, mate, this bit of ground of ours ought to be put clean through— every shovelful of it right down to the bed— and will pay ; gloriously; at the rate it's going now we'll have it Trorked out in three months, and by that time ten' thousand wouldn't buy my share of the spoil, or I'm. a Dutchman.' , .','.. ♦'Three months! Nonsense, Charlie; another month will see it worked out if we stick to it ;' and, ' at any rate, worked out or hot — now that at. last our luck has turned, and I have the means to do it — in a. month's time I must off to Melbourne. I wouldn't miss the chance which fate seems to throw in my way of finding — you know whom — for a dozen claims as good as this even ; but you can hang on here if you will.' ^'Xot a bit of it, old man; '?whither thou goest there will I go,' but never had any earthly Naomi such a perverse Ruth for a leader as have I ; and now, whilst I light up for a smoke, tell me what voii heard last night at our storekeeping friend's in Canvastown up vonder. What said the poor pale-faced Madame Rent'?' ' I'll not tell you a word until knocking-off time, if you don't keep that infernal cradle going all the while; so look out now, old Charlie; well, that's right. So this is what Annette tola me during the few moments of our interview which M. Rene's absence from the store permitted. She is certain that Rene and mv life's enemy have met lately ; that they ate not only still in Australia, but that she is to meet Reni- in Melbourne in a month's time— knowledge that the poor frightened creature trembled at whilst she com municated it to me, declaring that Rene would surely kill her if he knew that she had wormed out his secrets and betrayed them to me ; and she earnestly entreated me not to expose myself to the danger of seeking out these old and villainous plotters against my life arid happiness, but to quit Australia with the fruits r.f our good fortune here, and leave them to be dealt with by a higher power than an earthly one.' *? Good advice, too ; for God's sake, Harry, take it. Why let your whole life's happiness be sacrificed to that base, heartless jade, who has already so blighted and marred it : Why trust yourself in the syren's presence even again, knowing what you know, or seek to force the truth from those who' would take your life rather than that you should have the power to imperil theirs r Think of the years which have passed since that time, and howunlikely it is that the truth will even now be brought to light.' ' Say no more, dear old fellow, for it is useless ; I am determined never to rest until I have at least looked upon her face once more, and charged her with the crimes which, by other lips, she is accused of, and which her own actions towards me have but given a colouring of truth and reality to. So rock away, lad, like an old steam gold-washer, and let Frenchie and Co.'s backs be turned to the scene of their long fought and sought for victory as speedily as may be ; my word, old man, as our sweet-spoken mates of these parts «-ould say, who would ever have guessed that the pale-faced wizen little chick of a boy whose toes used to freeze in his dear old sabots, those charming and cheap substitutes for shoe leather : which our dear oldBoiteau took so much -pleasure in providing us with when the quarter's ' dust' didn't turn up quite to time — who would believe that the little nervous girl-like Charlie, the dreamer of dreams ? But, stop, that subject isn't a pleasant one for us, eh, lad r But who the deuce, the dickens, or an other supernatural being, would suppose that the aforesaid Charlie, and his fides Achates of more than doubtful character, would ever turn up in the bril liant annals of great Australia's diggings as the real genuine prospectoi's and discoverers of this most pro mising-looking ' Frenchman's Rush ?' But, come ; we must stow this jabberation, as our friend Tiny would call it, and stick into the washdirt.' In truth one might well be excused for not recog nizing in the two well-grown, muscular men whose talk we have overheard, the youngsters whose flight from the old French school, some ten years since, la belle Therese was so anxious to expedite, and so suc cessful in effecting. For nearly the whole of this long term have the two friends been following hither and thither throughout the length and bi eadth of Vic toria's gold-fields the cry of 'Rush, oh!' and up to a few weeks since with tut most scant reward. At length, however, and at a most critical moment in their fortunes, their trial9 are at an end, so far as suc cess in digging is concerned ; a few weeks ago they became the fortunate discoverers of the gold-field wherein they are working as we re new their acquaintance ; and we have heard from their own lips that this time their claim is no duffer, but a very golden hole indeed. Eldon is now a tall, strong man, six feet two in his stockings, muscular, and in splendid condition, so far as bodily health is concerned ; arms, neck, and face burnt dark as a gipsy's ; and a heavy, dark, curly beard and moustache almost masking the face — hand- some Eldon still, but with a haggard, careworn look around the eyes, and a dreamy, sorrowful expression in the dark, deep, yet kindly-looking eyes them selves—a look which accords well with the deep wrinkles already so deeply cut on his brow, but yet ill suited to his few years. Charles Leslie is scarcely less changed in appear ance than is his friend and erstwhile school chum and champion, the stalwart Eldon ; he, too, is tall, bronzed, and active, but with a fresh young look about him still, desjnte his years of roughing in Australia's wilds. Scarcely more than a boy when he and Eldon reached the sunny southern land, Charlie has been shepherded with more than brothtrly love and care by his com rade ; and in many a tussle and skirmish, such as turned up during those early years of Victorian dig ging excitement, Etdon's strong arms, and by no means unskilful hands in the soft science of boxing, had all been Charlie's to rely upon, even as in the old bullying days at the pension. And soon it became known that though ' Frenchie and Co.,' as the friends have long been called upon the diggings, might patter parlez-vous like regular 'Mossoos,' their hands were all there in a most unmistakable English fashion ; and soon none were better known or respected than our two diggings adventurers as they roamed from one rush to another. This time, as we have seen, they have successfully enacted the role of prospectors, and the scene of their newly-discovered gold-field is christened by the appellation by which they them selves hav# for years past been known on the various diggings — ' Frenclde's.' Night is quickly succeeding the daylight. Looking forth from the opened entrance of the prospectors' tent, a long line of brightly-lighted canvas dwellings reaches far down the creek on both of its banks ; the air is hot and still, but hot though it be, diggers, and lucky diggers of all men, must be fed ; scores of big back-log fires are shooting up' their flames, sparks, and smoke into the warm air, and the flesh-pots are send ing forth strong and hunger-provoking savoury smells to the nostrils of the tired men who have been sulking, driving, hauling, cradling, or what-not, the whole hot livelong dav in their never- wearying pur suit after the great terrestrial motive power — Gold ! Frenchie's Rush is proving so good that scarce a claim is out in the cold ; all are on gold more or less, and mostly on what is called good gold, plenty of it ; so the lucky claimholders can eat well and drink deeply too, if so minded. ; but Frenchie's is no excep tion to the rule in this respect, and so long as they are at their claims the diggers might be supposed by any cursory observer to be teetotallers to a man ; and it is only when the last paddock of dirt has been washed ?up, and our -friends of the typical yellow moleskins, are at the township close by, or away amidst the .syrens and tempters in Melbourne, that Bacchus re ceives many worshippers from their number. If there are any bacchanalian exceptions to this rule on the present rush, certainly they are not to be found at our friends' the prospectors' tent. The evening meal is over, and now lazily stretched round about the entrance to their tent are Eldon and Leslie and three or four of their nearest and more intimate diggings friends ; indeed, the assemblage forms to ' night quite an evening party, in the full dress of washed hands and faces, and* of other clothes than those in which the wearers have done their day's work ; and although clean canvas or moleskin, shirt sleeves turned up for coolness, and with neither vest nor coat, is not evening dress de rigeur, the majority of those now assembled round the prospectors' tent are men to whom the orthodox swallow-tail and mar vellous ties are not unknown luxuries. The prospectors have gained for themselves a quiet kind of recognition of being ' swells,' and the rough, pure and simple, of the diggings seeks them not ; still it is difficult-to lock, bolt, and bar the strip of canvas which forms the door of one's tent against all such comers as it might be desired to exclude ; and thus, as is the case to-night at Frenchie's tent, the company is sometimes decidedly mixed. A bunch of strange human faggots gathered here to gether; 'each utterlv unlike his fellow in character, antecedents, or tastes, still each pursuing the same masonic-like guild of gold-seeking; and, at this mo ment, still more closely knit in the great social bondage of our times, smoking— all save Eldon, whose pipe has ceased to add its fragrance to that of the pipes of his companion smokers for the past few minutes, and during which he has been favouring the ! company, after considerable entreaty, with a French -song; and as none of the company, saving Leslie, un derstood a word of it, it was, of course, rapturously applauded and aicored ; the chorus of ' Zoup, zoup, zoup, ta, la, la, la.' ' being joined in with great effect and heartiness by all —by all, that is to say, saving Tiny Tim, Esquire, ? of the adjoining claim, whose education included, in earliest years even, a profound contempt for all 'furreners' and their lingo, son of the Green Isle though he be. ' Arrah, stop that devilish clatter, wid yer ta, la, la, and gibberish, and don't be such hathens as to be singing a lot of rubbish that 3'e know divil a man else of us understands a word of, nor want to— bad luck to it. Sure don't be poisoning the air wid such trash, but sing us a da- ent song, one of yez, or 111 have to be after giving you a raal old Irish touch myself.' And to stop the fulfilment of so dire an infliction ? for Tiny Tim's vocal talent is known and not ap preciated — one of the visitors seated near Eldon, Frank Hutton, a native of AustraUa, volunteers a song ? 'only colonial manufacture boys, but here it is : — Tjie Girls or Australia. The land of our forefathers far o'er the sea, Justly famed thouph it be for its maidens so fair ; In that grand respect is destined to be Fairly matched by the darlings we grow over here. For sweet are Australia's dear girls , Bright are their sunshiny curls: Whil-t for eyes that can kill and lips that can curl No girls iri the world can excel them. Though wonting in blue-blooded pride, CariaR little for decorum's inoaii ; Yet, as sifters, as sweethearts, and brides, Sure they equal Belgravia's own. For sweet are Australia's dear girls, &c.; So -whatever Old England may boast, Which our envy or pride would possess ; Of those bl ssings, sweet Eve?, we have hosts Young England would envy no less. For sweet are Australia's dear girls, Sec. At its conclusion the young Australian is loudly applauded, and Tiny Tim even admits 'that there's a touch of the right thing about it, and that only an Irishman could have written about the darlints that way.' ' Nay, Tim, ray boy, that song was written by an aboriginal — a native of Australia.' ' Arrah git along wid yer blarney now ; does yez think I'm such an omadhawn as to belave that any ? cussed old blackfellow could write poethray and all that sugar about the darlintsr' ' Tim, old man, you're sold ; I said by a native— and l0 1 — behold the native bard ; ' alone I did it,' said Frank Hutton, majestically stretching himself until his head raised the ridge pole of the tent nearly out of its forked supporters.' ' Did yez, now ? Well, bedad, then it's either yer ? father or yer mother, God bless her, was an Irishman, for divil a better song could be writ, barrin none ; but, by the hoky, it's a pity yez can't work and cradle a little less like a new chum ; but I expect it's the thoughts of the girls ye've been singing of that gits in yer head and starts yez dhraming about another sort of cradle ye'd rather be rocking.' And at Tiny's sly poke at the green young bush man's maiden experiences and operations as a digger, the older knights of the moleskins could but laugh, and though a little raw perhaps — so did the object of 'Tim's satire. ' Well, now, boys, some one tip us a yarn ; that last tune is too good, as Tim says, to be spoilt by having another on tap of it yet awhile ; 60 who's the noble hero who will tell us either some one of his own or somebody else's wonderful deeds of fact or \ fiction ; it doesn't matter which,' says Eldon. ' Indade thin, I'd be sorry not to be good company, ; and so I'll tell yez a quare piece of fun that happened meself the last time I was down in Canvastown yon der, and that only two blessid days since ; sure, though, maybe j'e'd rather hear me sing about me Lord Donoughmore r' 'No, no,' from all ; ' the story, Tim, by all means, and let ? me Lord Donoughmore ' go hang with his own 'blood relavshuns,' says Eldon; 'we know all about his Lordship now, and he's like lots of other swells, the more you know of him the less you like 'Aim, Tim, my boy.' ' Sure don' t disparage the quality man, for it's a quare eilly bird yez know that soils its own, nest, and sure it's aisy to percave ye're one of the quality yerself, my noble Frenchie !' says Tim, with a sly twinkle in his ?deep-set sharp little eyes. ' But whisht now. this is what happened me— yez all know right well it's not meself that troubles the potheen much.' ' Ah, ah ! that's a good beginning from the biggest old swiper on the diggings,' laughs one of his listeners. ' Arrah, hold your pace now, and don't be mahng ? ering me, or I'll tell yez no tale at all, at all. Weffittan, as I sed, me and some of the boys was downiat Can vastown two days ago, selling a bit of gold aiufrpay ing off one of old. Rainy's, the frog-eatin' storeKeepeY,,. ^uare scoies for the bit and the sup whiclt 'tfie. ?old French divil knows how to tot up into#\ich mignty ? respectable sums in arithmetic, when hf thinks y^^j ;in luk. Ov course, it took just a drop Wttfro of jh&, -craythur to wipe out the chalk- ma.rksp?Operjy 'Jgp^ maybe I tuk a nip or two more_|JifiO'm ii^ed^»^« .arrah don't laugh now. Atiyfcow, one of the bMys 'from hereabouts, Mickey Doyle, dropped in' with ?some of his mates, -and Mickey must needs ,-bev blatherskiting around arid bragging of the number of -scalps he'd taken, and | the ' heads he'd broken, and was ready to break. 4 Will yez kindly try yer hand on mine,' says I, ?Mickey?'1 ' Sure 1 will J,* . sej^heif and he hit me one on .th'e sconce like winkiii', arid' -thin, be jabez, we went at it beautifully, and,. be. gorrah, Mick was down and me on nim ; and bedad, ? after a while, and whin I found Mick wasn't hittin' \- any more, I axed him perlitely — ? Mick, avick, does ~yer feel aiqual to eating me this time,' but he_ ' couldn't answer, and the boys dragged me off, jist as' I'd a beautiful hold of his nose wid me grinders; . anyhow, boys, ye sees I didn't lose my scalp that ? time ; and sure it's sorry I was that the bhoys stopped the fun, for I'd have chawed Mick's beauty clane off his face but for thim. Anyhow, after the row was done I fell asleep, and whin I woke up agin, -sure wasn't I in a bed, and as I stretched out in the dark to see where I was at all, my hand hit against a calico partition, ; and thin I heard some one spakin' low and cautious like close by, and stop spakin' whin mj' hand made a noise against the partition. I kept quiet then, and -«unel heard a voice — old Rainy's voice, I thought ? then — say, ' It's all right, he's foolish wid ze drink, ? and is asleep agen.' '? Right ye are, my bold furrener, I'll sham sleep for yez, thought I ; and I snored a beautiful snore, but kept my ears open; and presently old Rainy sez, in his brok'en way, yez know, ' They're on the creek, I ? tell yez ; I have seen him often lately without his knowing it, and '10111 tunners,* whatever blessed ? lingo . that may be, ' mill tunners,' ses Rainy, ? now's the time to have him for Arnold's murdaire.' ' Charles Leslie's pipe had gone out some time \- since., Soon after, indeed, Tiny Tim began to narrate ? the overheard, conference at the French storekeeper's, ? and his eyes have sought and met those of Eldon fre ? quentiy since. r 'Be jabez,' sez I to meself, 'this is a nice little i 'tale -to listen to in the dark ; but let's hear it all any how. 'Whish,* ses Rainy's companion; 'spake low ; and look ye, Rainy, ' mammy.' Damn his French lingo, thought L 'Look you, ?mammy,' sez the other, 'Teraise will be in Melbourne in a fortnight now, and when she comes we'll have our birds tight in the net quick enough ; and meantime our friend who killed poor Arnold— ha 2 ha ! — is getting plenty of gold, you say, which must all be ours — then — eh :' ' « My God ! But yes ; they have ze best claim here ;' but jist at this blessid minute some one gave a cough in another room, and the talking ceased, and divil a wurd more I heard.' 'And is this all the story ye have for us, Tim r' says Eldon, yawning ; ' if so, good night to you, and let's tumble in -why, gad, Tiny, I thought you were going to make our blood curdle, or our hair turn into tent-poles, with fright at some awful deed of blood you had gone mates in— and here its nothing but a drunken dream you have for us after all.' ' Indade tkin, my noble Frenchie, its neither drunk nor draining I was when I heard what I've told yez ; and, be gorrah, if ye'd seen the white face of the poor Madame Rainy next morning whin I told her she had quare kind of ghosts talking and whispering about murders and -what not. Oh ! be jabez, it's a dead faint the poor soul went into, and its sorry I was that I'd startled the poor cratur'.' ' And so you should be, old swiper. and dreamer of dreams ; and now, boys, good night all, for turn in is the word for me. Tim s yarn was as good as a Chinaman's pipe for making us sleepy ; good night, Tim, and may the devil fly away with you the next time you try your hand at yarning.' And thus the evening party at Frenchie's tent broke up, Tiny muttering to himself as he dodged past the shafts on his way to his claim, and with a smile of »o amiable kind on his low-browed face, 'Be gorrah! me noble Frenchie, maybe the ould divil will take a fancy to pay yourself a friendly visit before long ; and, be jabfcre ! 'I'd rather dale with the ould gintleman himself' than with Munseer Rainy and Misthress Teraise.' CiiArTEii VIII. — Roix-wr. When at last the two friends had gained each his rough resting-place, and were puffing atew whiffs of the mind-becalming and fragrant weed before resigning themselves to sleep, the silence which had followed the departure of their guests was broken by Leslie : ' Well, Harry, old fellow, what are you going to do, now that you have heard Tiny Tim's version of his eavesdropping at the Frenchman's ? ' ' Do ? why, boy, stick here of course until we've finjslied.-the old' claim clean 'out, and then go as I fbefofig tpld you to Melbourne, and get on trail of— we 'know -who'. Now, Charlie, spare me any preaching to-rilghi,. I can't stand it ; and if that blathering Irishman conies here with any more of his nonsensical yarns again, I'll put him down the shaft head fore most, and see if that will cure him.' ' Do it quickly then, old man, or his tongue will bring mischief about us.' ' Bah ! you believe that he heard what he said he did— lean see you do. Well, I don't; the prying rascal has been spying about our shanty here after hours too often, and is up to some mischief, sure enough, and old Rene is in it most like. But, by heaven, I'll be even with the French scoundrel soon, and something to spare ; and now, old man, good night, and pleasant dreams, please.' Work went on very briskly for the next week or so in all the claims, for the stuff was good enough to be worth getting out as quickly as possible ; the only murmur of discontent to be heard was that the lead was proving narrower than such a rich one ought to in consideration for the feelings and natural desires of the diggers, which lay all in the direction of having plenty of so good a thins. But especially in the prospectors' claim, eituatedas it is near the head of the golden gully now paying so handsomely, does the lead show signs of being soon worn out ; and, from present appearances, a week or two more will see the gutter clean worked out. The gold has, however, been very plentiful and heavy, and some very satisfactory quan tities of the much esteemed metal have been disposed of by Frenchie and his mate during the past week or so, and the amount which they will be entitled to draw upon when they leave the rush, even though they should get no more plums out of their claim, will be as satisfactory to themselves as it would doubtless be to any moderately money-loving mamma having charming daughters to dispose of to eligible suitors. To-day both men are at their shaft raising wash dirt ; Eldon below filling and sending up the bullock hide bucket, and Leslie at the windlass winding up the dirt and paddocking it. The time is near to mid day, and Charlie Leslie has been taking a smoke and looking after the billy of tea and n-sh-pot which are on the fire close by, in his double capacity of digger and cook, whilst Eldon is engaged in breaking down a bit of a mull -ck bank in the drive across the gutter '?His voice is now calling to Leslie, and the rope is shaken. J ' Well, old man, what's up — ready to Bend up the *? Migush, petite,'r ar.d then, in French, Eldon in quireiSi&ie; coast is clear above ground, and hearing that there is no one about-^-that all are working busily at their own claims — he bids Charlie slide down the' rope. After a few moments' stay below, he returns to the surface, hand over hand up the five or six fathoms of rope ; and as Leslie's eyes glance round to notice if -any one is near, there is an excited look in them, and a by no means dissatisfied smile parts his lips as he returns to the tent to prepare for dinner — a meal which, albeit he seems in so pleased a mood, he has suddenly lost all interest in and appetite for, since his short visit to the shaft. But ' Spell, oh !' is the word, and Eldon appears up' the shaft, and although he moves leisurely enough towards the tent, yet on so much of his face as is to be seen through his full dark beard, which so well becomes it, there is the same sort of look which some thing had called into Leslie's. Whatever the some thing is, it is evident that it is not intended that eavesdroppers shall learn much about it, for the two men converse now entirely in French. The literal translation — a translation which Tiny Tim would give a handsome sum to be possessed of — of their lonfi dential talk would be not much unlike the follow ing:— ' It weighs a hundred pounds if it weighs an ounce, my boy ; and how the deuce we're going to haul it up, stow it away, and get rid of it, before we're spotted by the sharp eyes of our friends over there, puzzles me, old Charlie.' ' Right ; but what's all that compared to cur luck m dropping on to such a glorious lump, and almost at the bottom, too, of our * lucky bag.' Why, dash it, it's a fortune in itself, and yet, by jingo, who knows but what we are in for a nest of them? There's room yet in,that corner for some more.' ' Why, you're a glutton, Charlie, and just like all the reBt of the world, the more you get the more you look fon Let's be satisfied if we can get off safely with what we have, mv boy; and 'now for my plan I for keeping the thing snug; but whit a pity, we couldn't have dropped upon a nice portable diamond ! of the same value, or a kind of natural fivethousand pound note, in lieu, of this ugly lump of heaviness ; but see here !' ' Morning, boys ; morning ! And shure ye're a rum pair of Engushers to be jabbering away in that French lingo, and only your own two blessed selves to spake to ; shure, it's like a pair of lovers ye are, not wishing any one to know all the soft nonsense ye'd be saying.' .^ ' Never mind the lingo, Tiny. What's up f What can we do for you ? ' says Eldon, none too civilly. 'Well, see now, then, the boys, my mates, ye know, are getting bothered down below, for sure the gutter's clean gone, all of a suddent like, and the divil a find can they find it; and so, ses they, ' Sure Frenchie must be close up now to his pegs, and, Tim, just be axing them aisy to let ye down, and git a squint which way the wash runs with them ;' and sure I knew well ye's would, and that's what I am here for.' ' Oh ! that's all, is it ? Right you are, mate, and soon as we turn to again you can go down with me,' said Eldon. Tiny's small, bright, and closely set eyes looked sharply from one face to the other of the two friends ; but no telltale look, or shade of annoyance, can he detect there ; but over his own countenance there steals an appearance of puzzled surprise and disap pointment combined at the readiness with which his proposal has been acceded to. 'And how is she looking:— is the gold getting coarser or more of it ? though, sure enough, its lash ings of that same ye've been the lucky boys to drop on ; and ould Frenchie there in town won' t have money enough to buy it all, from all accounts.' ' TinjT, my 'man, ' ask no questions and you'll hear no lies' is a sweet little motto for a digger ; don't you think so? But of course you do — an old hand like you wouldn't be after fossicking out other men's business just like a raw new chum such as Frank Hutton.' ' Oh, it's axin' yer pardon I am, then ; divil a bit of Paul Pry is there in Tiny Tim, and it's only aword of friendly advice I was after seeking from ye's.' ' Ceme down, Tiny, and look for ypureelf.' ? And down accordingly went the Irishman, accom panied by Eldon ; a short stay below sufficed to afford Tiny the'information which he had stated to be the object of his inspection; and he soon reappeared at the surface. 'You'll be worked out in a week, my noble Frenchie and Co. ; but still there's a purty-looking bit of mullock down there yet that might hould gould enough to make us all gintlemen ; and thank ye's for the look round. And whisht now, Misther Charlie dear, take an old digger'6 advice, and don't be after trying to look too innercent like, for shure diggers are like the ladies— God bless them !— the more devilry they've got in them, the more they twist their purty facesinto regular pictures of babby-like meekness, as no doubt you have often discovered for yourself in yer frolics amongst the ensnarers ; but old hands like you and me, Charlie,know better than to think that there's no kissing done by the darlints but what we see ; and so, me boy, drop your tricks, and if ye's are on the right stuff heavy down there, take my advice and let the boys know it, or shure some of them might cut up rough* on ye's if they think ye's are afraid to trust them.'' ' Tiny, you're a perfect Solomon, and what a stun ning parson you'd make to be sure ! I'll not forget your advice, and depend upon it the minute we drop across any nuggets too big for us to manage we'll send to you to come and help haul up, and the sooner the better, eh ? Ha ! ha ! Why, Tiny, you wouldn't give a five-pound note, you know, for the chance of all the nuggets we're likely to get; but there's my mate at the rope ; so here goes for work.' ' Ye're no fools, I'll allow,' muttered Tiny, as he returned towards bis own claim ; ' but by the holy I'll know yet what ye went down the shaft for this morning, Misther Charlie, or white is the black of my nail .'' If Tiny could have watched the last bucket of dirt drawn up by Leslie that evening ere he and Eldon knocked off work, and closely enough to have noticed the tension on the rope and the decidedly wellput out muscles of Leslie's arms as the perspiration streamed down his face during the few deeply exciting moments that it took him to bring; this last bag to the shaft's mouth, nothing less than ah inspec tion of that bag's contents would have contented Tiny, even though he had been forced to fight to obtain it. Thanks to the entirely usual appearance of all Leslie's movement?, no notice was attracted to them, and the great trial of the day was successfully tided over, and the monster nugget of this great rush, weighing more than a hundred pounds of almost pure gold, was at this moment quietly lying amongst the rest of the washdirt, and undistinguishable by any casual observer from the other big lumps of mullocky wash which formed a large portion of the heap ; and as Eldon presently comes 'up, and walks leisurely away from the shaft in company with Charlie, not even Tiny himself would have guessed that they were turning their backs on a very neat little fortune, snugly and unassumingly lying concealed by an inch or two of clay surrounding 3t TJntil darkness set in, the paddock of dirt at the bha'ft's mouth could be seen plainly enough by thfe; |Wo friends as they sat and discussed their damper, Tea, anu mutton. But, as .night closed, neither; of them felts quite as unconcerned about the safety of. their golden incubus as theycquldhave desired j for. robberies of washdirt at nighttime— and where the wash was known to be good-^-were not unknown in- ' cideuts at the rush; whilst, to still further try their patience, the pertinacious Tiny put in an appearance, together with one 6r two other visitors. *? Well, Tim, we did'nt want any help to haul up nuggets to-day ; but who can say how soon we shall ? Look, boys, there's some rough bits to be got by those who have the luck, and I hope you'll all have it ; show them the bag, Harry,' says Leslie. And from a well-used and good-sized chamois bag, ' Eldon produced several pieces of rough gold weighing from three to ten or twelve ounces each — about forty or fifty ounces in all. And especially does Tiny Tim closely scan and affectionately handle the ill-shapen pieces of yellowish heavy metal which carries with it the ' open sesame ' to all that this fair earth can supply for man's enjoyment, including the bright smiles and encouragement of those ' darhnts ' about whose sincerity and morals Tiny holds such damaging opinions. '? Not bad that, Tiny, for a day's work by two such raw new chums as my mate and I are, eh ?' says Eldon. ' That bit o! mulloek you fancied so when you were down the shaft to-day, Tim, was just the very patch that I picked these out of with my knife ; and, what's more and better worth your knowing, Tim, I can tell you we're worked out, and you've got the rest of the mullocky ledge right clean in your claim, or I'm not a digger.' I^TT.' '— m»»»»ii». ' Och! but it's the raal gentleman yes are, Frenchie, and a rattling fine prospector ye make, sure enough ; but it's'more than these little bite, nice though they are, that I was thinking ye'd be getting out of the quare old comer in the gutter down there ; but ye've a big hape of dirt out there yet to put through.and if it's as good as this you'll do.' I Leslie has been out of the tent during the last few minutes, and at this moment a shot from a revolver is heard quite close to the tent, and a second and a third discharge follow quickly, and all turn out and tuny to where the sound proceeds, and to the vicinity of the prospector's shaft and paddock of dirt. . Arrived there, and by the light of some matches which are struck, they find Leslie, revolver in hand, and he laughingly explains .that he fancied he saw a figure as of some one prowling about the shaft, and so peppered away just as a hint that no followers were allowed in the polite society of diggers after dark, especially in the neighbourhood of the washdirt ; ' and, by George, I potted some poor devil, I believe, for I heard a squeal.' ' Och, the mean villains, to be after sneaking round about honest men's claims in that 6tyle ; but sure what can you expect though, when a bank leaves its doors wide open, but that some poor devil will be ?-, tempted to borrow a few pounds, and what is your paddock of dirt there full of these purty pieces of 6tuff but an open bank, inviting any one to become its customers, and to draw as big as they can on it. Blood and ounds, wash it up and be off wid ye, boys, before ye be bringing all the rifl'-raff of Canvastown down on yes, and good night.' Excellent advice, and coming from one whom of all others— the riff-raff included — on the diggings, our two friends most suspected of evil intentions, or at least of no good-will towards themselves, doubly valuable, though the adviser knoweth it not. Silence reigns over the populous rush at last, un broken save by the mope-hawk or 'more-pork's' shrill and absurdlv sounding cry for flesh of swine ; or the still more shrilly piercing whistle of the curlew. Two hours have passed since the light in the prospec tors' tent was extinguished, and their canvas closed for the night. And now once more is the paddock of coveted dirt at the shaft invaded by human prowlers; and no vigilant protector to warn away the visitors this time; for, see, these two are successful in their object surely, and are already slowly retreating, and with some heavy burden top, for they crouch low as they can, and as noiselessly, and the snuffing of a. dog as he runs hither and thither is more of noise than any made by these quiet visitors ; but, 6trange enough, these are creeping along in the direction of the prospectors' tent, and arrived there, with equal caution and quiet ness, have quietly crawled beneath the scarcely raised canvas, and dragged with them something taken from, the washdirt. No others are these than our old acquaintances, the rightful owners of the tent, the claim, and all that therein is or was, and now they silently deposit the result of the big draft which they have made on the bank with the open doors, as Tim had called it, into a hole which during the previous hour or so of darkness they had managed to scrape rather than dig out of the soft ground beneath one of the bunks — Eldon1 s — and which is now being noiselessly filled up by the somewhat nervous hands of the two men. All is done, and their old pack-saddle is once more re placed over the now precious spot ; and then Eldon and Leslie turn in in good earnest to seek their well earned repose, and trusting with minds quite at ease to their faithful Nip, a strongly-built and invincible bull-terrier, to give timely warning of any intruders upon their territory. The night passes, however, without Nip's sharp ; ears being troubled by any prowlers or enemies worse than the few additional parasites which, day by day, gather together in his hospitably dense and wiry coat ; and for the next few days the only noticeable thing about the prospectors' claim is that they do not leave it to go down to the Canvastown, intending, as they say, to work out and clean up now without delay. A week has passed away since the big lump of gold ?was placed in its hiding place under the pack-saddle, the claim is considered done, and washing up is the hard but profitable occupation now remaining to the prospectors, and so freely is heavy gold showing itself as the puddling goes on that our two friends have on hand a most uncomfortably large amount of the pre cious metal over and above the troublesome nugget. So it is determined that to-morrow Eldon shall re main at the claim, whilst Leslie and Frank Hutton, for company, run into Canvastown and sell some of the gold. Tired with the long hours during which both men have been working, now that the end of their labours is in view, they turn in early to-night, and soon all in the tent is quiet, and Frenchie and Co. are sleeping as soundly as though no thought or care troubled their waking moments, and made them almost hate their good fortune in finding so dangerous a quantity of the all-envied metal. But though thus lost in slumber, the sleepers are well prepared should terrier Nip sound the alarm ; for under each man's pillow is , a loaded revolver, whilst their double- barrelled guns are close to their hands, ready for instant use ; and as Leslie truly declares, dog Nip is as good as a battery of field-pieces when fighting is going about. Much, of th b smaller gold is carried by the two sleepers in leatti jrn belts, strapped about their bodies, beneath, theiriclothing, and of the heavier gold there are well filled bags concealed under their pillows and bedding. Th i hours of night steal on, and the smaller ones of .the coming day are passing to the same eternal , fajtipVMch awaits each morrow and each man — th,e 'grfiat 'past. Nip's rest is not as untroubled as that of' ?bo', well-fed and much be-petted a dog should be.; and - vast -;ihough toe throng of fleas may be which'fw so, remorselessly bileted upon ^thie*' much-la^^S^ fcedbafeground of poor Nip's well filled, imtnrascular b'ody^ yet Nip is far too ac 1 cuiptomed to entertaining similarly numerous banquet ing parties to $-e~ much disturbed, or easily provoked,, by his sharp persecutors ; something more than flea bites is it thatis irritating the temper of wiry Nip ; more and more restless he becomes, and though he is ' far too well bred to bark before he is ready to bite,. .* presently he steals softly away from his bed by the pack-saddle, and up on to the bunk where his master* Eldon, lies so soundly sleeping, as though to be nearer to his help should the object of Nip's annoyance pre sume to come to closer quarters. No human ear could have caught a sound on this still night near to the tent save of the night-bird's cries, or the noise of the poor purity -lost creek as it rippled its deeply-stained waters over the shingly bed; at last, though, Nip's anger extends so far that a growl, short and very low, escapes him — a growl scarcely loud enough to be heard a yard away — and Nip nestles closer up towards Eldon's shoulders. All at once a batch of busy noisy devils from below seem to have been let loose in the tent ; with a sharp cry of pain Eldon starts up, but is instantly engaged in a battle for dear life with some powerful and un seen antagonist ; Nip is no less importantly occupied, for, at the instant when Eldon's cry escaped him, the terrier sprang at and fastened upon some human throat which he found all too close to 'his beloved master's form; but, alas! not before the knifeof the assailant had been plunged into Eldon's body. But at this moment the life of that rash. Cain is fast giving out beneath the tearing and unrpiaving worrying of .the bull-terrier's unyielding and now savagely cruel teeth.. Revolver shots are ringing out In the cool morning six, and 'roll-up !' is being shouted as the noise of the pistol shots startles the occupants of the neighbouring tents, whose tenants, each armed in some fesbiotf, and. . mostly with, firearms, are hurrying up la Fienshte » tent. ?? ? ? ? . . ???.?,.'.. In the darkness 'which prevails all is confusion con- ; lounded, and it is no small danger that the would-be j relief guard, now muBtering to the rescue, ifi exposed ! to, with the bullets firing about the scene of the \ deadly fight -which is* evidently on hand. Eldon, ? stabbed though he be, has succeeded in getting at his ) revolver, and has managed to fire one at his second ; assailant ; but in closing with him has fallen under- , most, and at the same instant received a crashing blow ' upon the head which rendered him lifeless. Leslie j lias fared badly too, but still better than his comrade, ; since, though 'nearly garrotted before he could fairly ; gain a chance of defending himself, he has succeeded . in firing three chambers of his revolver, and lodged the j 'rery persuasive contents thereof in the body of his particular aggressor; but no weak party was the attacking one, and Leslie was scarce, free of this struggle ere he too received what the French so neatlv and becomingly term the coup- de qrace from t?e same gracious hand which had 'donated a similar favour to his friend and partner ; and but for w^tfm^ap^atance.1low ^Pon the scene of Frank ±tatton, who brings with him a small dark lantern which he has in his possession, and bv the light of Trtuch matters are made a little apparent to those who have hurried I to the rescue, the robW of the gold for irtuch this attack has been made would still perhaps have proved successful, for at the moment of Frartk Hutton's arrival, a rush from the prospectors' terit'n made by two or three men, who lire indiscruriuurttfly at the advancing party of diggers, and disappear in j the darkness ; and; aided by its friendly cloak, sue- j ceeded in escaping. One ruffian, bolder than his fel- J lows, or more determined not to go awav empty handed— he who had given Leslie that hist rtard argu- j ment in favour of peace— is still in the tent, and rum- I maging for the gold under Leslie's head, as the flash of the dark lantern falls upon him ; and in an instant Frank Hut ton has saved the hangman a job, and sent j the villain to his doom with a bullet through his chest. | Outside the tent, and near the end of it where j Eldon's sleeping head had been lying when the attack commenced, commenced bj- means of cutting out with a razor sufficient of the canvas to enable his antagonist FIG. 1.— THE 'WALTER' PERFECTING MACHINE. FIG 2.-THE -VICTORY' PERFECTING AND FOLDING MACHINE FIG. 3.-H0E'S ' WEB-PERFECTING MACHINE.' FIG. 4.— PAPER DAMPING MACHINE. FIG. 6.— MAKING-UP SLAB AND FORME. to lean within it and make that first stab into Eidon's j bodv, there, lying still and harmless enough now, is . Nip's bag of game ; not yet even have the cruel l teeth left tiieir hold, and though the life has ; quitted tie poor wretch's body minutes ago now, i etill the farious bull-terrier worries on, and will j not ^nit hfe hold for any bidding ; only at last when ; Hutton, whom Nip fcnowB well and takes kindly to, j coaxes him will he leave the prostrate enemy ; and . then with tail cttrled down, and growling angrily, ' Nip «eals to -his niester's bunk, and jumps up on to j his senseless 4brm, and receiving no word or caress j -whines, and shows himself a very dog indeed in faith ' and love. . 'I And now that the battle is won, the relief party j look round for «*hsre»ttt»; *nd thus stands the hat of ' killed and wounded of the besieged :— Elden and Leslie both senseless, and, to all appearances, Eldon at least, killed ; Xip injured in feelings and excited, but scathless— saving from soreness, perhaps, where his victims hands had clasped his muscular body. And of the attacking party there remain on the scene :— Kuffian No. 1 disposed of permanently by dog Nip ; ditto No. 2 by Leslie's three weighty-as-lead arguments ; ditto No. 3, mortally wounded bv Irank Hutton's bullet, and who lies new gasping out his few last breaths of life upon the ground outside the tent, with the flickering light of the camp fire started blazing by one of the diggers— playinu fitfully over his dying face, as he raises his fast-glazing eves to the countenances of the now quietly-observant group of men who surround him ; and he gasps out as he beckons to Frank Hutton to approach him : ' I am going where they're gone already, I sup pose,' pointing to the prospe'etors' tent; 'you're their Mend. I'll tell you before I die ; Tiny Tim and Rene, the French storekeeper, you know, laid the plant, both to get the gold and settle old scores. Oh! Lord.' And then the dread gurgle which to all human ears, however accustomed to death-bed scenes, is still 6O awful a sound to hear, crept to the dying man's throat and closed the confession which might have borne rich harvest could it but have been completed ; and the unconfessed lay calm and still 'neath the I 8tarry;heaTens£and with the ruddy flaring of the fire playing o'er his dead tace ; and|even disconsolate and restless Nip, who has been running about— now on to his master's bed, and then outside, to growl anerilv and fiercely at the dying robber— leaves the lifeless form, as though satisfied that no more harm can :»me from that quarter ; and no time is lost by the good natured and deeply affected Frank Hutton in tendine to his two friends lying so still and lifeless in their tent. Amongst the group of diggers attracted to the tent fortunately enough, is one of those human willo'the wisps, or 'ne'er-do-wells,' who are « to be found on every diggings perhaps under the sun; men of many minds; to-day^of a '?mind. for the church; to-morrow for theTarmy; the next day for one, or all, of the learned professions, and, hey presto, ,ere another sun is set, their restless and undisciplined brains have started off woolgather ing, and this time the free and profitable life of a lord of the soil is the goal to be won. The individual whose presence at the prospectors' tent is now so welcomed has, during the previous few years, gone through just such a cycle of changes of occupation ; and just when the young and very interesting clergyman, the Rev. Arthur Secundus Fitzsmithers, had gained the confidence of, all the elderly ladies, and the deepest and most bountifully slippered admiration of all the young ones, in the cure to which he had been elected m one of old England's most pleasant couBty tovms — alas ! he suddenly discovered thatjsll his in— FIG. 6.— THE CASTING BOX. ?clination and energies really lay in the direction of curing bodily human ail ments, and not in administering spiritual enlightenment; and he suddenly retired from the pulpit, followed by the grievout groaning of the old ladies for their loss pet parson, and ef the young ones for their misapplied slippers. Ab a surgeon, Fitzsmithers would surely hare risen to eminence quickly, for his talents ?with the knife were really of a high order, and he seemed for a -while to revel in cutting up his fellow creatures for their own good ; but in the midst of his success, and whilst ably discoursing one night before a select few of his fellow professionals upon the ad vantages of a certain new kind of incision ?which he had that day practised upon a patient, and whereby he had effected a saving to that grateful person of fully half an inch of true skin whilst taking off one of his legs, the versatile s lrgeon ?was struck by his own powers of oratory, and' of the evident effect of them upon his auditory ; and that night he seriously debated the point in his mind whether, after all, his forte was the Bar, and not the operating table. And before a month was out the exReverendcum Doctor Fitzsmithers was hard at work reading for forensic honours ; whether lie would have succeeded in that more cold-blooded profession whose operating knives are bills ef costs, and whose' blis ters are called briefs, remains undeter mined, for before many weeks had run the new chambers man was afflicted by the gold fever which broke out in England when Victoria's fields were opened. Amongst the smitten was the law student and ex-divine ; and at this moment the quasi Doctor Arthur Se cundus Fitzsmithers's presence in the prospectors' tent is opportune and use ful, and our wounded friends have cause to bless the waywardness which has jilaced him there. Eldon's wounds are evidently the most serious, and with an expert 'hand FIG. 9.— THE FINISHING SADDLE. FIG 7.-CUTTING MACHINE. [FIG 8.— FUENACE, MOULDING AND DRYING PLATEN, AND^PRESS. the doctor has Boon acquainted him self with their extent. ' Our friend here may thank his stars that his skull is as thick as a blackfellow's, or that crack must have settled him. Brain i» all right— no pressure on that ; but he's bleeding inwardly from this' — putting his hand on the wound in Eldon's chest ; 'but he's a grand subject, and I don't think he'll die yet. Now for the other one. Ah ! skull cracked, by George ! Splendid knock that, but bad for the skull. Throat swollen; but no harm there ; see, he'B moving ; get cold water and splash on his face. I'll be back in a twinkling ; I'll go and fetch some ? tools *nd plaster. ' ' And away the active Fitzsmithers runs to his tent, and is back again in. a few minutes. Late in the morning come the mounted i troopers, and tkey receive an account of the night's proceedings, and the three bodies of the dead victims of cupidity I and violence are interviewed and turned ! over to the custodv of the lawand peace preservers. One of the dead men ivas recognized as having been a mate of Tiny Tim's, and the other two as Canvastown loafers, well known to the | police, who are heartily glad to find ! them so well disposed of. I Tiny Tim is, of course, absent from his claim ; having, indeed, been one of the identical three gentlemen who had so doggedly persevered in the attempted robbery, even to the moment of Hut ton's appearance at the tent, and whose trail lias now to be picked up by the active troopers, who are already well down in their saddles and ready to commence the chase. In deference to the partly spoken confession of the robber dropped by Frank Hutton's bu.let ; M. llene's place at Canvastown is, of course, visited; but the pale faced woman who answers their ques tions, in the deepest distress and tremb ling, can only tell the troopers that Monsieur has been away for three days, i having left then for Melbourne. FIG. 10.-PLANEING MACHINE. 