CHINA TOWN. (Fiem Hipworth Dixon's" IKhite Conquest.") A SEVENTH paît of the population-a -seventieth part of the buifnce-of San Francisco is Asiatic. All Orientals pack, closer than Europeans. A man intiy gee big crowds in many cities : Russ and Tartars at Nishni-Novgorod, Copts and Armenians in Jerusalem, Aiabs and Algorines in Cairo ; but in neither llusùa, Syria, nor Egypt can ho see such crowds as we find picked in the Asiatic quat ter of San Francisco. The term, Asiatic quarter may suggest a separate ponton, of the city, walled off from the remaining pin ti like China Town in Moscow;''but the Asiatic quaiter in San Francisco is nn open colony, like- May Fair in London, like-the Second D.ibtriet, in New York. The Chinese have squatted in the very heart of San Franc isco. Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson-street may be re gaided as the heart of this new Asiatic empire in America : for in Jackson-street, grouped around Lock Sin's balcony, -lie the Chinese banks and stores, the Chinese stalls and markets, the Chinese theatres and gaming-hells ; while off this thoroughfare, to the right and left, extend, the blind alleys and nameless passages in -viliich lObide the Chinese rogues and thieves, with, their unfailing complement of female slates. - '' ' Here, bright with paper lanterns, glare the two great tea-houses, kept by Lock Sin and Hing Kee, in which you sip fresh tea and -watch the dancing girls perform their rites. Here, rich 'in red and black flags, and musical with gongs and cymbals, stands Yu He Un Choy, the royal theatre; in which a grand historical play, a chronicle of the Ming Dynasty, has boen going on for three weeks past, and is to run on briskly for about nine weeks yet to come. In front of us, hardly less rich in red and yellow.paipt, hardly le=s noisy with shawm and tom-tom, rises Sing Pin; Yuen, the new theatre, in which lighter pieces are performed, not lasting more than tnitty or forty nights. Hereabouts lie the tan cellars and thieves' gaming cribs, in which sallow wretches and their hideous partners of the other sex indulge in the lawless pleasure of staking their bottom dollar on a domino About these e ellar» lie tho opium dens, to which thr> [camestéis come in their frenzy, and bnittch the still more fe.iriul joy of staging their health and manhood on a fume ot poppy-juice. Round that corner stands the great joss-house, a large rojm, hung yvith (¡creen» anil banner», dazzling m red and gold, in w-hich an idol squat» ; not a Mongo- lian god, with flat and shaven face, a:.d turned-up Tai tar eyebrows, hut a Teutonic master, with straight nose, fair moustache, and pointed beaul. Before this foreign idol, tea-cups hiss and fuzecs burn by night and clay. China Town is running over Sun Francisco, spread- ing to c-a-t and west, to north and south. The Aiiatics have seized a good part of Dupont-street and Kcarny-street, swurnied into Pine-street, invaded Stockton and Pacific streets, nnd got their feet in California-street, ¡some houses in these streets are owned by Mongols. "When Asiatic, get their feet inside a door they drive the European* out. A European cannot stand the fume and stench, the dirt and din. Thus, sho;) by shop, and street by street, they crawl along, a s warm oí clean and unclean things, so oddly mixed that white men shrink from them, in fear and wrath, us from a company of lepers. No white man likes to sleep under the same roof with a yellow man : no white woman likes to pass through Jackson- street. A rookery and a cesspool drive off decent folk. Let us drop into s vme of these houses, no fear of lepers in our hearts, and see these Asiatics in their homes. Not far from Lock Sin's tea-house stands a big I edifice, first used as the Globe Hotel; a house four stories high above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms rnough for fifty guests. Inciuding vaults and attics the. e may be sixty rooms in aU. Surrounded by the Chinese rookery, this Globe Hotel, no longer fit for decent v'sitors, is let to Lee Si Tut, a rich Chinese, who re-lets his apart- ments to Chinese residents of the better class-to shopmen, waiters, clerks, and agents. Lee Si Tut takes care to have no tenant ol' bad repute. A thief, ¡ a raj-picker, a night- piowler cannot hire a bed in his hotel. No painted women pass his' door. Tan anel other lawless games are forbidden. No wrangling or fighting is allowed within the house. So ia-- as order can be made by rules, order is said to reign among Lee Si Tut's tenants ; and the Hlobe Hotel in Jackson-streot may be regarded as the ?royal khan and summer-palace of the Chinese empire in America. Pass in. Oh, Lee Si Tut ! A sickening odour greets your nostrils on his steps. A reek comes out of every door, and dirt lies heaped on every landing stage. The dust of years encrusts his window-panes. Compnred with this Globe Hotel, under Lee Si Tut, a Turkish or a Spanish prison is a desert place. The banisters drip ; the passages sweat. A black and fetid slime runs down the walls. And then what press and multitude of tenants on the stairs and in the roams ! Men syvaim at every door, and crotvel down every stage ; each pale and melancholy wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in your face. A name- less horror seems to brood in every corner of the house, f .r out of every corner glare the spectral eyes of beings fevered by tan and stupefied with drugs. Each room, arranged tor the accommodation of a single guest, is either parted into six or seven sections by a string of mats, or shelved in tiers all round the walls. Shelves are preferred, since no one cares to pay for privacy ; and a room that will only sleep six or seven in sections may be got to sleep a dozen on .shelyei. From vault to attic, each room is foul with, smoke, and black with dirt, und choked with men, No less than fifteen hundred ghastly creatures find a lodging clay and night in this Chinese paradise ! léonins croyyded and unwholesome I have seen before-at a feast at Einsiedeln, a mad-house in Naples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool, a barrack on the Nile- but nowhere have I seen human creatures, packed and crushed as these tenants of the Globe Hotel are packed and crushed. Lee Si Tut let* his house, he .says, to eight hundred tenants; which, would give him, in a house of sixty rooms, including cellars and loits, thirteen tenants to each chamber ; but the rascals cheat him, he alleges, out of half hu rent, by sub-letting their shelves to men who occupy, them o'niy half the day. Inquiry shows me that" this story of subletting and dividing the room Í3 strictly true. Ki Wgok lets his shelf to Li Ho ; Ki Wgok using hi« shelf for twelve hours, and giving it up to Li Ho for the other twelve hours. In some! roo/r, s throe seta of lodgers occupy the shelves each twenty-four hours-tight hours apiece. Yet those who ledge in this hotel live m a light and roomy palace by the side of those who live in the, labyrinth of couru and styes, yards and entries, lying" round Bardett-«lley. Here some of the white set- . tiers in San Francisco threw up their hives. The ground is undra'med. The log shanties were run up hastily and cheaply ; and in these fever-haunted hovels, rotten with age, putrid with fi'.th, overrun with vermin, the masses of Mongolians make their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into eaves, they burroyv in the earth. In holes unfit for dogs, you may discover ten or twelve wasted creatures, spiawlingon shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke themselves into the opium-dreamer's paradise. , "Worse still, if in the " lowest depth " there can be 'a "deeper still," is the thieves' quarter; a district running in and out ot more respectable quarters with a r¿re indifference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your, ramble in his rmiTieus should be made at night. All round Bartlett-alley lie the thieves' yards and cribs; foul attics, falling balconies, underground kennels; with a few spikes of joss-wood burning at every door. Hags rot on the ground and garbage poisons the air. Slush squirts ut you from und«r everv plHiik, nnd where th° pi inks fail y ou, the r atth appeats to h- nothing but H running sore. Rsg-t shops and nceiving- houses hide in old pits and hollows under the plank floors. In all these d-imp and loathsome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in th- filth, their mile and ghastly fací s rendered visible by th« fiicker of a reeking 1 imp. Pah ! Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, and despeiation glowers from every Mongol face. In pissing from, yard to yard you catch th of bolts, und feél by instinct that ev-ry luman stand- ing behind these planks, alarmed by strange foot- steps and loud voices in the dead ot night, is listening ut his door, with hatchet raised to strike or lifie poised to fire. " Open the door!' cries your guide, in a peremptory tone, stepping in front of a log cabin. " Open the door!" " You foolee me ? You foolee me :" " No. no. Open the door !" The voice is recognised within ; the door is slowly opened, and you peep into the crib ; a cupboard as to size, but occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods are on th- floor ; but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we are re- - pulsed. To the inquiry, "How? you foolee mei" ' we answer, as before, "No, no;" but, instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of yvhispers inside. "Go; you not foolee me!" cries a voice, accom- panied by the click of a rifle. ' "Dip andblide," whispers our companion, and we instantly dip and slide. Ih Stout'e-alley, and in the yards around this sink of squalor and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers-the female slaves. Let us get out into the open streets ! " You have now seen a little i-f our Chinesa quarter," says my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea-house about tyvo o'clock, and order a refreshing cup ° " What you have seen in San Francisco you may see in Sacramento. Stockton, San Jose, and other toyvns. Whe ever John plants his foot, he builds a China Town, and, p oplts it .with ha.lots, criminals, ali'd slaves. "We get so.ne very cheap labour, and our financiéis sav they need cheap labour ' to develop the country.' What think you of the price we have to pay for our development:'5 .While we ate sipping tea on Lock Sin's balcony, a yell com» s uu from the stieet below A Chinese, fight is on. Ah King, a Chinese scamp, employed by the city offiee.-s, and, in th; slang of his Asiatic countrymen, such a spy is call, da ghost. Of late this ghost has been too busy, his celesti ii country- men think, Hve-n for a paid spy ; and two Asiatics, who hhv just come out of jail, are s tting on him, one moon-f.ee with a hatchet, the second moon-face with a knife'. 'From t-very door in the street swatms out a crowd, mid in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and diop along the flags. " Excuse mo !" says my escort, and before I can reply, he is gone from my side, King vanishes-like a ghost. Moon-face with the knife escapes, just as my escort swoops into the murderous circle ; but the fellow- ivith the hatchet is arrested on the spot and carried to the city ward, llis weap-.n, when ex- amined, proves to lie a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that, in case of a fatal plunge, the blood might have been at once removed, and the stainless knife replaced under the white smock, as clean and innocent in appearance as the soft-eyed Asiatic who had phrased it into his neighbour's heart ! 