LAW REPORT. BUPREME COURT. OTVir, BTTTINOB BHFOBB HABTEB TERM. Nsw CooM-Housa-MONDAY, MAROH 20. -(Before his Honour Mr. Justice Stephen and Special Juries of Four.) .BBO0KD V. THJS MKI-BOUHHE WOOLLEN MILL COMPANT. Mr MaoDonnell for the plaintiff Mr. Higinbotham and Mr Box for the defon danta Tbia waa an action brought by Joseph Brooke, a 'ecribbling overseer,' for wrong ?fal dismissal from the servico of the com- pany The defendants pleaded that the plaintiff waa not competent for his work, and waa therefore discharged The evidence was that in January, 1875, the plaintiff, who was then living at Leeds in England, waa engaged by Mr Wade, tho agent for the company to come to Melbourne and work aa ' scribbling overseer ' Tho employment waa to be for three years at a salary of £7 per fortnight One tenth of the wages was to be retained by the défendante -during the currency of the agreement, aa security that the plaintiff fulfilled bia contract It waa provided as a con- dition of the contract, that the plaintiff waa competent to diacharpo the duties that would devolve upon him There was alao a condition that if Brooke waa not able to satisfy the company as to the quality or the quantity of the work he did, or if, in the opinion of the manager, he proved himself unfit for his duty through being under the influence of drink during working hours, the company should have power to cancel the agreement, without notice or any compan Bation whatever , at the same time the com- pany should be bound to baten to all com- plaints and gnevancea which were likely to affect the quality or quantity of the work m order to give every opportunity to enable Brooke to carry out ana do the work of the company satisfactorily Plaintiff arrived here in Maroh, 1875, and remained in the employment of the company till the middle of May, when he was dismissed The dismissal ?waa in accordance with a resolution passed by the directors to the following effect - ' That Mr. Ward (the manager) having reported that the work produced by the principal scribbling overlooker (Mr. Brooke), waa very unsatisfactory, and that the manager of the Ballarat Company and another person, having examined the card in g machinery, and both being of opinion that the machinery was capable of producing good work if properly managed by the over looker, it waa resolved that Mr Brooke be dismissed ' The plaintiff alleged that there was no reason whatever for this decision, and the committee had never asked him anything about bia work He bad been about 26 years in employment in England .before ho came bore, he was ii yeara of age, be produced to Mr Wade testimonials from all ¿ia previous employers , and he waa chosen out of some 30 other applicants for this position He attributed any deficiency ia the workmanship to the bad "carda, and to a defect in one of the machines Some of the carda to which the plain tiff objected were produced m court On the other hand the defendants alleged that there was nothing wrong about the machinery, other people had since worked it, and with the ' cards " to which the plaintiff had taken objection His HONOUR in Bum ming up, said that if the manager had dismissed the plaintiff for being incompetent through drink, he, no doubt, had the power to do so whether there waa an agreement to that effect or not But there was no pretence of any incompetence arising from that cause The company could dismiss only if the quality or quantity of the work was unsatisfactory In his opinion, under the contract, the company were not justified in dismissing merely on the report of the manager They ought to have given the plaintiff an opportunity of meeting the charges against him Ever sioco King JameB a time, at all éventa, it was a recognised princi- ple thatnomanwosto be condemned unheard. He was not, however, "to be understood as saying that if the plaintiff was really incom- petent the company could not dismiss htm , it was for the jury to aay whether he was in competent It wa3 conceded on all hands that the work waa not satisfactory Plaintiff attributed it to the machinery. The de fendants attributed it to Brooke It was for the jury to Bay which aide they believed The procedure of the defendants might be harsh in dismiesing a man whom tbey had brought out here, at such short notice, it might also be harsh in their retaining the miserable detention money as they had done, still that ought not to affect the jury in any way They had simply to decide the narrow îsane, waa the plaintiff competent for his work, or was he not ? As to the damage (if the jury found for the plaintiff) he was not entitled to bia salary for the whole period of three years for which he was engaged, it waa supposed that a man if competent for a situation from which he was discharged, could get another one In estimating the da mages, the jury might take into consideration the fact of this man being brought from his home in England, and loft high and dry among étrangers in a strange country and that bia business was one in which it was not very easy to obtain employment here The jury, after ashort deliberation returned * verdict for the plaintiff. Damages £120 C0BNILL0N V DE I1BEO. Dr Mackay and Mr Casey for the plaintiff, Mr Higinbotham and Mr. M Farlaud for the defendant This waa an action brought by Edward Cormllon against Samuel De Beer, to recover an amount due for commission on the char- tering of Bhips, Bale of ahips, &c; The I plaintiff had been only partially examined when the Court adjourned till next day. srrriNos IN EQUITY. (Before his Honour Mr Justice Molesworth ) MONDAY, MARCH 20 IN THE WILL OP JAMES IIEADEB HIS HONOUR intimated that he would wish the question of costa in this case to be again discussed on Thursday next IN THE WILL OP ÏRANZ TALM0\T This case waa resumed from Wednesday lost It was an application by a Mr Fetling for probate to the will of Tranz Talmont, a tailor, who died in the Melbourne Hospital on the 19th November last The motion waa opposed by Mr Mau, of Maus Hotel, La trobe-atreet on the ground that at the time tho will was made ïolmont was not aware of what he waa doing It appeared that on 1st November Talmont bad made a will in Mau s favour , after that ho waa taken to the hospital and on the 10th of Noveru ber, he made a will, giving £»0 to the hospital and leaving the rest of his property to two illegitimate children residing in Lon- don His property consisted principally of a sum of £170, deposited in the Victoria Life and General Insurance Company Mau alleged that he had nothing to do with the will made in his favour-that he had known the defendant for some time and several witnesses alleged that the testator Buffered from delusions-that ho thought ghosts were waiting for him and sometimes that tho devil or a policeman were waiting for him outside the house On the other hand, it was Baid that though he was in a weak state of health when taken to the hospital and almost dying, yet he knew well what he waa doing when he signed the will His HONOUR reserved hia decision The Court adjourned till Thursday INSOLVENT COURT, MONDAY, MARCH 20. (Before his Honour Judge Noel ) BE H1NRY CIARE.E The Court Bat to hear a motion by Mr. J. M'Donald to disallow two motions carried at a general meeting of creditors in the estate of Henry Clarke, of Melbourne auctioneer, which granted the furniture of the insolvent to him and directed it to be delivered over to his wife, or that it Bhould be so disposed of subject to payment of the claim of M Donald, the landlord of Clark for£22 10a torrent Mr Walduck appeared in support of the motion , Mr Lawes for Mr T E Healj, a creditor to oppose , and Mr Kelleher, for ¡Messrs P Donahoo, J Donahoo and IT ' ovic Marie, creditors who voted for the JVutioii granting the furniture Afieraomo preliminary objections raised Jgamst the motion by Mr Lawes had been heard and overruled by his Honour Mr Walduck argued that the insolvent being out of the colony, waa in contempt of the Court and therefore the furniture could not be granted to him. He also contended that tho act only contemplated the granting of the furniture to an inaolvent'for bia benefit, and not aa the resolutions stated, for the benefit of bia wife, and that BB the insolvent was jut of the colony he could not receive the furniture Mr LAWES m reply, submitted that the creditors had the power under the act to pass the resolutions, which were the aubject of «he motion His HoNoun then Btated that he would «onsider the case, and give his décision on a future day, (Before Mr. R. H. MacDonnell, Chief Clerk.) In the estates of the following insolvents general meetings were held and closed: - John Melville, of Melbourne, hotelkeeper, James Shortis, of Brunswick, carter ; Joseph Woollatt, of Carlton, butcher, Timothy Shaw, of Sandridge, greengrocer, James Denton of Melbourne, coachbuilder, Martin Hogan, of Carlton, bricklayer ; George Bond, of Blackwood, miner, Michael O Leary, of Richmond, hotelkeeper. A general meeting was held in the estate of Bernard M'Cartney, of Kew, ironmonger, at which debts amounting to £1 003 14s. 1d. were admitted, and Mr. W. J. Ecroyd was appointed trustee. The meeting closed. 