INCIDENTS OF THE SERVIAN WAR. Tho Dispatch, July 80, in an articlo entitled " Tho Story of tho War," has tho followiug It must bo oxpeotod, that so long as tho Turks are able to hold their ground in Bosnia we shall often bear of suddou aurpriaos on oithcr side, and battles, largo.or small with varying issues. Ono such battle, of .considerable importance, was fought on Friday Inst, 2l6t, almost on tho same spot or long roadway as was covorcd by tho first battle of Bclinn. All tho Moslem troops that could be brought togctlior, inoludiug Tur kish regulars and rcservos, and a great number of Basbi-Bazouks, amounting to ten battalions in all, wore marched out very early iu the morn- iug with the intontion of brooking up tho Ser vian forco8 encampod about half-way bctwoon Bclina and the Driua, and of driving them into the river and across the frontier. They wore bravely met, liowovor, and tho battle lastod for six hours, from 9 in the morning till 8 in tho after noon. By that time the Mahometans hod been forced back to thoir starting point, and compelled to take refuge behind their ontronchmonts, whither, according to tho report of the Olympics, the Servians wore prevented from followiug thorn by ail overwhelming rain-storm. :: — Ono of tho latest items of news that has reacliod ns may help to show how the war is being carried on in theso quarters. ' A Montene grin priost of tho Greek Churoh, named Duchitz, having crossed the south-western frontier of Servia on the 7th of July, had foe somo timo past been prowling about on Turkish territory at tho head of 8,000 refngoo volunteers, and on Wcdncsdny, tho 19th, boldly marched up to tlio Turkish fortified town of Nova-Varosch, hoping to surpriso it. The garrison of 4,000 Turks came out to moet bim, but after seven hours' sovoro fighting wero routed and driven back with heavy loss to thoir entrenchments. If a priest-led body of voluntoors can maintain a sevoti hours' battlo with a much larger body of Turkish sol diers, and in tlio end defeat thorn, thoro is evidently moro and better fighting stuff in thoso peasants and swineherds, whom an honest aesire to shako off their yoke of tyranny lias converted into warriors, than could havo been ezpccted. CniNEse Ceremonies. — Our Chinoso fellow- citizens were in a stato of great excitement during tho wholo of Sunday (says tho Dallarat Star), and up to about 8 a.m. this (Monday) morning. Tlioy believe that tbo souls of tlioso Chipcso who havo not died a natural doath waudor restlessly about, cold ahd' hungry, "seeking rest and finding, none,!' so, ouoo a year a grand foast is made, and immonso fires lit for their benefit, and that thoso spirits may bo pro perly clad, ciothos — soinothing after tho Biylo of millliners' patterns — aro out out of gilt panor, aud aro burnt, dissolving very appropriately into thin air. O11 Sunday, notification of what was to be done for their benofit was given by tho boating of gongs, drums, &c.;, to tlioso rostloss spirits, and' at about midnight, when thoy woro supposed to bo all present, a priest, namod Clio AU King, who livos at Haddon, commenced tho religious -carfimouy_.by blessing tho- offcrinus of. tho . charitable. Thoso consisted of dishes of rico, -porkj &c.;, cooked, and laid in. two rows.near the tiros previously lit. Spiritual bovorage, in tlio shape of gin, was emptied on the ground, and aftor tlio burning of tlio iiaper clothes, tho rico and pork, of which tho ghosts woro supposed to have eaten, was dirstributod among tlio Chinoso ragpickers, aud beggars, none who could afford to stand upon ceremony deigniug to touch it. Tlio lonors from tho ranges woro present, but made tlioir offerings at a respoctful distauco from tlio otlior Oliiuamon, and consumort ftHlibclosQ of tlio coromouy what thoy. had brought thom solvos. Stuno to Death by Bees.— Tho Maryborough Chronicle relates that an aboriginal boy litul climbed a trooon thoBurrum, and was employed outting out a " sugar- bag," when the boos, which were of tho acclimatized European species, resented tho intrusion by attacking him in a body, clustering about his head nnd nock;,;and stiuging liim sovoroly. Tho boy, drivon mad by tbo torture, dropped from tho tree and died u fow hours afterwards. The ox-Qnoon of Spain has at liwl roturaod to hor own country, and will rosido, it is oxpQotoa, at-Soviilo, -.whoro sho will bo an important ally of tho ronotionnry party. It is stntod that sho wislios to nrrango a mnrrmgo botwoon lung AlphonBO and his oousin, tho daughter of tlio Duko do MontpoiiBior, thus linking togotlior both the fomalo linos of tho Spauish succession, it ia nbtjiimiossiblo tlmt hor arrival Jn _Spainjnay bo followoil by a deuionstmtioii in lior fayoi ot an uuoxpootod kind, ns sho nuvor lost nor popularity among Uio peasantry,- and hv son lias failed to mako liis personality felt.— Speo> tator . Polynesians v. Immigrants.— In a roport by Mr. R. b. -Shoridnn, Assistant Imimgrntipii Agont, Maryborough, .furnisliod by order to tho Logislntivo Assoinbly, tho following possago occurs, which shows somo reason for tlio Goyorn- mont intontion of "easing off" whito immigra tion for tho prosont, 011 tho ground that thoro is no doiuand for labor Tho Polynesian Laborers Act wlion passod did not contomplato that tlio. natives of tho South Sea Islands should- be otliorwiso omployod tliau " as agricuUural laborors in tho tropical and seim-fropicnUhsmcts of tho colony ;" yet, much to tho dotrnnont of Europoan immigrants, thoy fill tho places of draymon, storomon, grooms, and of all sorts of domestic servants — ovon nureos. But tho worst fraUiro regarding-their-onipIoyiiiont nwioars to 1110, thoir boing ougnged foiTaheop aim cattle- stations in tlio JTar-off iutorior of tho colony, whoro, if tho woaviiiosa and solltudo of tho long journeyed havo not proved fatal, , tlio rigor of wintor raroly fulls to _briug._ou thoso jiulinonary oomplaints of wliioh so many Polynesians die in tlus colony. A nowspapor proprietor moots with Btrango oxperiouces. Last ovouing two mon called at our office. Tho ono was indignant and tho othor symputhotio. Thoy said thoy wautod to insert an advertisomont. Our clerk bowod, puckered his chccks-with'his-mostchbicbjmileVnnd.asked. for tho copy. . Tho man in tho first placo wished to oxplnin. Ho said I10 had purchased auothor man's furniture, wifo, and daughtor for £8 10s. nnd bad paid tlio cash. I11 proof of his assortion ho produood tho salo noto nnd tlio recoipt for Uio monoy. Tho vondor had " oloarod out," but only for a fow days, until ho had spent tlio monoy, and now had returned to loaf on his wifo nnd lfer nowbVvnor; Our visitor-thonglit thnfc- by publishing tho solo noto lio would shame the husband, into leaving him in quiet possession. He was highly indignant boeauso wo aelinod his advertisement, aud loft tho offioo declaring his iutontion to " take tho law" against tho intrud ing husband. "Wo ought to fool proud Uiatwo livo in a Christian oountry, and that our lot has boon oast in nn ago of advancod civilisation.— Maryborough Chronicle. Oxyoen is Lips.— Dr. Bright'® Phoapbodyno. — Multitudes of people are hopelessly Buffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, Deproiaton of Spirits, Hypochondria, Timidity, Indigestion, Fniluro of Hearing, Sight, and Momory, Lassitude, Want -of -Power,, tic., .whose .cases .admit of .ft. per nmnont cure by tbo now remedy Phospjiodynb (Ozonic Oxygen), which ot onco allays all irritations aud excitement, imparts now energy and lifo to the cnfcoblcd constitution, aud rapidly oures every eUigo of t hese bitliert-o incurable. aua-distressiog- maladios,. Sold by all Chemists, Druggists, and 8torekcopers tiiroughout tho Globe. & Caution.— Tho Iorge and increasing demand for Dr. Bright Phospliodyne lias led to several imitations under similar names ; purchasers of this mcdioino should therefore be core- ful'tO'obseTVo-that-cneh-eas-bears-tiie- EnglisluGos. vernment Stomp, with tbo words, Dr. Bright's Phos- pliodyno, ongrnved tlieroon (whito " lottcrs on red ground), and that the satno words aro also blown in tho bottle. Evory case bears tho trade mark and signature of Patentee. . Taylor Brothers' Maravilla Cocoa.— Taylor Brothers, London, having tbo exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa invite comparison- with any otlior Cocoa for Purity — fine Aroma — Sanative, NulritivoandSustoining Power.- - Ono-fcrial-wiU establish it as a favourite Bovcrago for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after a lato ovening. For favourable opinions vido Stan dard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, $c. Taylor Brothers' Homoeopathic Cocoa.— —This original preparation, which lias attained suoh a world-wide ropntatton, is manufactured by Taylor Bhotiibos undor tho ablest homceopathio advico aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an omiuont degree the purity, fino aroma, and nutritious proporty of the fresh nut. Taylor Brothers' Soluble Chocolate, Olid Cocoa and Milk, are .made in one, minute without boiling. Taylor Brothers' Chocolate Creams, Chocolate Cream T&hlets;, Chocolate Drops, and Maravilla Chocolate are highly deli cious and wholosomo. Packed in a superior, and elegant manner. Taylor Brothers' Mustard.— The " Ohnllengo" brand (double superfine quality) is celebrated for its pungency, and purity of flavour. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 