LECTURE BY REV. ' F. HIBBERD, In answer -lb Archbishop Vaughan's Fourth Advent' Conference," entitled,' ' ' The Church of, GhrMHte' Catholic Church" > : ' V, Paj&t; I.— (Continued.) . The appeal to the Scriptures in support of this principle is not a little singular and one-sided, " And Jesius came and spake unto them saying, Allpower is given unto Me in heaven and in earth ; go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost : teaching tbem to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and lo, I am with you always even. unto the end of the world." (Matt, xxviii. 18-20. ) Again — " As my Father hath sent Me, even so I send you ; and when He had said this He breathed on them, and said unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost : whose soever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them, and whose soever sins ye retain they are retained." (John xx. 21-23.) Once more — "And I will ask the Father, and He will give you another Paraclete that He may abide with you for ever — the Spirit of Truth, whom the world cannot receive because it seeth Him not, norknoweth Him ; yet ye shall ' know Him, because He shall abide with you, and Bhall be in you. I will not leave you orphans. The Holy Ghost whom the Father will send in my name, He will teach' you all things and bring all things to your mind, whatsoever I shall have said to you." (John xiv. 16, 17, 18, 26.) We find no difficulty in_ granting that these promises guaranteed spiritual anointing, peculiar powers, and the abiding presence of Christ in His Church. We admit .that these were special endowments to qualify her for her work in the world. But we see/no sanction for the remarkable statement which follows these quotations : — "Now, before wej proceed further, allow me to ask any honest man if these solemn promises and pledges are not diametrically opposed to the idea that each son of Adam has to take the Bible in hand, and make out his religion for himself ?" One would naturally think from this way of putting it, that the .teaching of the Church, and the exercise of private judgment in Biblical study, naturally and necessarily collided. There are two sides to.this shield Sir Knight. Protestants do not undervalue the teaching ppwer of the Church. If, , the use of a power- is any criterion of the estimation in which it is held, the Protestant Church can carry off the palm,, for she has vastly excelled the Church of Rome in system atic teaching. While we hold thst firmly, we hold as firmly the duty of exercising private judgment. Is it true that " there is not a single tag of Scripture," "not a single shred of Scrip ture," and that', "men. have searched the Bible- in vain from cover to cover to find one!" Is it truQ that "the Bible wholly and utterly rejects the principle," that " it unquestionably teaches the reverse of private judgment ?" Let us hear what the Old Testament says about the reading of the Scriptures : — "Therefore shall ye lay up these words in your heart and in your soul, and bind them for a sign upon your hand, that they may be as frontlets between your eyes. And ye shall teach them 'your children, speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, when thou liest down and when thou risest up. Arid thou shalt write them upon the door posts of thine house and upon thy gates." (Deut. xi. 1S-20.) Both Paul and J ames teach that men are accountable to God for their religious sentiments. In the Old and New Testaments appeals are frequently made to man's reason. In the New Testament the right of private judgment is recognised, and .its exercise regarded as essential to the exist ence and progress of true religion. " The light of the body is the eye ; if therefore thine eye be single thy whole body shall be full of light : but if thine eye be evil thy whol.e body shall be full of darkness." (Matt. vi. 22,23.) "Brethren be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men." (1 Cor. 14, 20.) "And thisl pray that your love may abound more and more in know ledge and in all judgment." (Phil. i. 9.) Are not. the exhortations, "Prove all things, and hold fast that which is good," " Try the spirits whether, they are of God," addressed to persons to stimulate them to private judgment V So our: Saviour's admonition, "Search the Scrip tures,"- and his familiar question, "Have ye never read" appealed to the power of judging. Was it not this power which the Bereans exer cised when they carried the teachings of the Apostles to the Scriptures to see ivhether they spoke according te the " lively oracles ?" Those noble Bereans were the representatives of all who claim the right to find for themselves the truth as it is in Jesus. Verily, : when such false decla mation speaks through the press, the Saviour's warnings are necessary, "Take heed how ye hear." :" Take heed what ye hear." "You will hear a great deal that is untruthful, weigh it in the balances of the sanctuary, and if it is wanting, reject it ; and be sure you are not listless, for the power of private judgment implies a use, see that you employ it with diligence and care." Is there, then, nothing between the covers of this Book in favour of private judgment, but everything against it ? Certainly not. The Scriptures recognize and respect the poiver, and we shall not be far wrong if we turn it to account in deciding that the public teacher who declares that the Bible is opposed to its exercise1' is either a stranger to its teaching, or' else he is practising upon the ignorance of his audience. : : Let us now hear what Dr. Vaughan has to say -about Tradition, which he styles the " Common Law of the Church." "And not only did our Saviour set up a teaching body, an Ecclesia Docens, and thus stamp upon the theory of each man manufacturing his creed for himself, but He also distinctly, in the teaching of His im mediate followers repudiated the assertion that in His kingdom there is no Common Law, and that His whole will is exclusively contained between the two covers of the Bible. He not only never hinted ever so distantly at the "Exclusive Bible " principle, but His inspired Word teaches doctrine absolutely incompatible with it. To quote some few passages amongst i many more which refer distinctly to the Com- 'mon Law, or the Divine Tradition of the Church. " That good thing which was com mitted unto thee, , keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us." And the things which thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit them to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also. ' ' Therefore, brethren, stand fast ; and hold the traditions .which ye have been taught, whether by word or our Epistle." "Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother, that walketh disorderly, and not after tlie: tradition which he received of us." " Keep the traditions as I delivered them to you." "This second Epistle, beloved, I now write unto you, in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance that ye may be mindful of the commandments of us the Apostles of the Lord arid Saviour." This last quotation is from the English Version, but it is garbled. The words " by the holy prophets " are omitted, and no intimation given by the usual marks. Nor is there any manuscript evidence in favour of the omission. The Greek is faithfully rendered into English, and the Vulgate reading is, " a Sanctis Prophctis," which the Douay renders "from the holy prophets ;" therefore there is no critical ground for the omission.- This is a flagrant in stance of suppressio veri. — "Let that therefore abide in you which ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you ye shall also continue in the Son and in the Father." But if any man seem to be contentious we have no such custom, neither the Churches of Christ." "The rest will 1 set in order when I come." " Having many things to write unto you, I will n<jt write with paper and ink ; but I trust to come unto you, arid speak face to face." ' This is! sufficient to show that the general method of teaching and preserving the people from error, arid directing them towards truth, is the same in; the Church now as it was at the first." Speaking further on of "the principle of the Catholic Church," he says, "her teaching authority regarding not only the written, but also the unwritten word, is emphatically taught by Christ and His Apostles ; and the biad outlines of her futnre greatness and the principles on which it was to be attained are, explicitly and emphatically laid down in the most solemn and deliberate manner by the Redeemer." What saying of Christ's can it be wlpch sets forth, in this " explicit;" " em phatic," "deliberate," and solemn manner," the "teaching authority " of the Church "re garding the unwritten word "? Our Lord does speak of traditions, but only to condemn them. They were, he says, the means of " transgres sing the commandment of God," of makirig it "of none effect," and they were taught as heaven inspired doctrines, though they were at variance with the written truth. The Apostle Paul warned the Colossians to beware of the spoiling power of the " traditions of men." And Peter reminded the scattered strangers that they were redeemed from' the ' ' vain conversation " which they received " by tradition from their fathers. " Thus Jewish and Gentile traditions were placed rinder the ban of inspired censure. Evidently the traditions of the Apostles differed as much from these ancient traditions, as from the new vagaries of the RomiBh Church. A tradition was a deliverance on some precept, ordinance, or doctrine, and this deliverance was not neces sarily oral, for Paul exhorts the Thessalonians thus : " Therefore, brethren, stand fast and hold the traditions which ye have been taught, whether by word or our Epistle." We have no wish to dispute the assertion that the Apostles were inspired to teach the early Churches, by word of mouth. But seeing how very difficult it has been to preserve the purity of their written records, we are not prepared to believe that any valuable truth was left to bo handed down orally, for how. could it be kept free from corruption. The Council of Trent decreed : — " That the truth and discipline of the Catholic Church are comprehended both in the sacred books and in the traditions, which have been received from the mouth of Jesus Christ himself, or of His Apostles, and which have been pre served and transmitted to us, by an uninter rupted chain and succession." We ask for reliable proof in two particulars.. That Christ and His Apostles did bequeath those traditions to the Church. That they have been kept pure and handed down by an uninterrupted succes sion. Against the first assumption the words of Irenseus may be cited. Speaking of the Apostles he says— -"What they preached first they wrote afterwards." And. Tertullian wit nesses to the same effect — "The Apostles founded the Churches by their preaching to them, first by word of mouth, then after by their writings." And against the second we have the historical fact, grounded on the asser tions of her own representatives, such as Jerome and Augustine, that this wonderful Church which boasts of her " uninterrupted chain and succession," did not keep the sacred writings free from errors. Therefore it was not to be expected that she would keep the oral instruc tions in a better state than the written word. But it is yet more important to notice, as we stated in a former lecture, that these traditions were fabricated in the " Middle Ages." They enshrined the sacerdotal spirit which wa3 pre dominant then. Their teachings were diamet rically opposed to those of the Gospels and Epistles of the New Testament. And yet they were lifted to a position of equality with the inspired Scriptures. Indeed as one says — " It is scarcely a true account of the matter to say that tradition holds an equal rank with the Bible ; it is placed above it. While tradition is always employed to determine the sense of the Bible, the Bible is never permitted to give judgment on' tradition." We adduce four reasons for rejecting the traditions of the Romish Church. 1. Because no proof can be given that they were the genuine sayings of Christ and His Apostles. 2. Because they were advanced as a supplement to the "Written word, and as an infallible interpretation of it, and it would hence follow, that the Bible was incomplete without them, and the written Words of God more difficult to understand than the spoken words. 3. Because they were not known till the "Middle Ages," and as the pro duction of that period they were destitute of the evidence of antiquity, and were open to suspicion. 4. Because their teaohings were at variance with the inspired Word, and impious and immoral in their tendency. Let us now see how far these traditions are entitled to be considered the Common Law of the Church. Common Law "includes not only general customs, or the Common Law pro perly so called ; but also the particular customs of certain partsjof the kingdom ; and likewise those particular latvs, that are by custom observed only in certain courts and jurisdic tions." In which sense does Dr. Vaughan use the expression ? It cannot be used in the general sense legitimately, because Common Laws are ".the universal rule of the whole Kingdom," and the)" first ground and chief corner-stone of the laws of England is, |general immemorial custom or common law, declared from time to time in the decisions of the courts of justice; which decisions are preserved among our public records, explained in onr reports, and digested for general use in the authoritative writings of the venerable sages of the law." Traditions cannot be held to be the Common Law of the Church, because they are not universally recog nised, and also because their origin is very well known. These Blackstone teaches, are essential to give authority to a general custom so as to make it law. Therefore, as tradition does not possess these characteristics it is absurd to liken it to Common Law. A good custom must have been continued. Any cessation makes a revival necessary, and this new beginning is within the memory of man, and so the custom is made void. Thus the nostrum respecting the worship of images is invalidated. The custom was so general that it became a great abuse, then it was condemned by the Council of Constanti nople, held in the year 754, and afterwards established by the Council of Nice held 787. So the traditionary dogma of the sinlessness of the Virgin is denuded of all authority, for though it was affirmed by the Council of Basle to be " a holy doctrine, and consonant to the worship of the Church, to the Catholic faith, to right reason, and the Holy Scriptures, and to be approved, held, and embraced by all Catholics ; and that it should be lawful for no man for the time to come to preach or teach the contrary, ' yet Sixtus IV. made it an open question, and Paul V. afterwards decreed that the dogma should be banished from all public exercises whatsoever, notwithstanding the Council of Trent refused to decide the question, and so it remains to this day. Every custom must have been peaceable, for if ever questioned it lacked common consent, which is an important proof of genuineness. Now it is not too much to say that all the novelties taught by tradition have been openly . disputed. ' We need not particularize where all are condemned without exception. Customs must be reasonable, or not unreasonable. What, then shall be said of the endless absurdities which are foisted upon the people ? Such as the transformation of the wafer into the actual body and blood of Christ, of which the faithful partake, and that this change is effected every time mass is celebrated. That money paid to the priests mitigates the pains of purgatory and shortens the period of confinement there. That a sinful man can remit transgression. That penances purify the soul. That prayers for the dead are available. That relics keep away diseases or cure complaints. ' When a Statute Law and a Common Law ; differ, the Common Law must give way. But we have seen that traditions are never allowed tp bow to the Bible, but, on the contrary, the Bible is made to bow to them. When these tests are applied to traditions they are found to be destitute of those properties which make Common Law what it is, giving it authority, and securing for it the favourable opinion of those who have a true appreciation of what is just and good. Thus the argument from analogy rests upon a foundation of Band, and like the foolish man's house described by our Lord, yielding to the force of the 'mountain torrent and the powerful wind, it falls with a terrific crash, and becomes a heap of ruins. 1 