THE TWO POLICIES— 18.'-4 AND 1870. Without the occurrence of any Bulga rian atrocities, it is doubtful if the British public would have entered readily into the idea of another war on behalf of Turkey. The impression was widespread that the war had been a costly and useless blunder; that it had been made for objects in which the country no longer believed, under promises from Turkey which had been steadily falsified and with poor results which had been virtually lost in the subsequent twenty years. Englishmen, though they had never heard of Bulgaria, would have thought once, twice, thrice, as Mr. Gladstone says, before again taking up arms in defence of the integrity of the Turkish Empire. The atrocities sealed their hesitation, and loug before Russia showed her hand at Vienna it had been tacitly resolved that England could do no more for the one inhuman specimen of the human race. The cry raised by Mr. Gladstone to reverse our Crimean policy seemed at the moment wise and statesmanlike, as well as humane towards the outraged Christians in whoso affections Russia had so astutely forestalled us. Russia placed an interpretation on British peni tence quite as misleading as that of the late Emperor Nicholas on the assurances of the Quaker deputation that England would not in any event draw the sword for the Turks. He saw the way open into Bulgaria, if not to Constantinople, and by way of sharing the odium to be in curred he endeavoured to tempt Austria to join him. Then Englishmen began to reconsider their verdict on the Crimean policy they had been repudiating and deploring. They asked themselves what they really meant by denouncing it before Europe as a blunder, or, in the strong language of Mr. Bright, as a crime. They thought over and over again what they had fought for and what they had secured by fighting. It is wonderful how in the process much of the old Crimean enthusiasm carne back. The reason may have been that in foreign affairs Englishmen are apt to be impul sive, but even in intelligent circles Russo phobia became the feeling of the hour. A new verdict was passed upon the Crimean war, not that it was a useless blunder, but that it had resulted as a necessary evil from weak diplomacy. Per haps with Mr. Kinglake's volumes before us British opinion will never alter on tliis point — that the Aberdeen Ministry might have averted war had they acted with sufficient vigour at the outset of the crisia. It will ever be notorious that they might have chosen a better battle-field than tho trenches before Sevastopol, and that even there they might have brought the contest to a speedier issue. Universal agreement will continue on these subsidiary points. But the crucial test of Crimean policy is the question if Russia should have been allowed to menace Constantinople, and at tho fiist opportunity to seize the naval key of Eastern Europe. The answer which nearly every Englishman, save Mr. Bright, gave to that question in 1854 was that she should not be allowed. It has come up again, and precisely the same old answer is being given. The anti-Russian spirit which dominated the old country in October centred here. This consideration was something set apart from the general condition of Turkey. It was separated very distinctly from the idea of whether Russia should be allowed to occupy Bulgaria, and the question of whether or not the Balkan provinces were lit for self-government. Had Bulgaria been five hundred instead of a few score miles from the Bosphorus, England might n )t have hesitated to let any Christian Power which chose intervene on behalf of Turkey's misgoverned and massacred Christian subjects. There would have been much less to say about main taining the integrity of the Turkish Empire had it not commanded the high way from the Black Sea to the Mediter ranean. It was the last word on the Eastern question— Who shall have Con stantinople?— which, as Lord Derby said, determined the final decision of England as well as Russia. When it became e% ident that Russia contemplated separate action, the same enquiry at once arose as in Central Asia— How far can she be per mitted to go without imposing on Great Britain a sacred right and duty to resist her ? Simply to keep her out of Bulgaria ' was no business of England, for on the same ground she should have been kept out of Servia. The strictest interpreta tation of the Treaty of Paris could not make her responsible for defending every form of misgovernment which she per sistently refused to remedy, and every sort of oppression for which she steadily refused redress. The latest commentators on the Treaty of Paris axe inclined, to deny that it imposes any international i obligation toward Turkey. The Economist, : in discussing the special position of England, takes this ground very de- j cidedly. The present situation is covered ' ly Article 9 of the Treaty, which sets ; forth the circumstances under which ; ti^ual rights were granted by Finnan to the Christian subjects of the Porte, and j'txlges the signatory Powers to respect this as emanating from the spontaneous goodness of the Sultan. Its terms are— ' 'His Majesty the Sultan, in his constant j anxiety for the well-being of his subjects, j having granted a Firman (Hatt-i- Hooma- j yoon), which, in ameliorating their lot ; without distinction of religion or race, j proves his generous intentions towards \ the Christian population of his empire, j and, desiring to give a further proof of his i sentiments in this regard, has resolved to j communicate to the contracting Powers j the said Firman, spontaneously emanating | from his sovereign will. The contracting i Powers acknowledge the great value of this communication. It is quite under stood that the fact of this communication cannot in any case give to the said Powers a right to interfere, either collectively or separately, in the relations of His Majesty the Sultan with his subjects, or in the internal administration of his empire.1' Instead of either a right or a duty to interfere on behalf of the Christians, there is something like a joint pledge given not to do so. But the Economist passes over another article, which seems to grant to the Turks all that it refused to the Chris tians. By Article 7 the Governments o f (Ireat Britain, France, Austria, Prussia, Russia, and Sardinia (Italy), after de claring the Sublime Porte to be admitted to all the advantages of public law and the concert of Europe, 'promise, each on his own behalf, to respect the indepen dence and territorial integrity of the Ottoman Empire; they therefore gua rantee in common the strict observance of this engagement, and will consequently regard every action of a nature to impugn it as a question of general interest' 'What dreadful consequences can we suppose to be involved in an action being regarded as a question of general interest ? Is it analogous in its nameless terms to being named by the Speaker in the House of Commons ! And in the case of a joint guarantee, what duty, if any, is imposed on the guaranteeing Powers individually I Had a diplomatic deadlock been intended it could not have been more skilfully pro duced. If all the Powers undertaking this obligation should happen to agree on what was required for its strict observance they might proceed to regard any actiou impugning it as a question of general interest. Failing' such agreement, and it was pretty certain to fail where the en gagement could not be violated by one or more of the parties to the compact, was «.-r was there not anything to be done by the Powers individual7 W The verdict of public opinion in England would be of course that there is not. And a more cogent argument could be used against Turkey if she claimed performance «-f the guarantee. On her side she flagrantly violated the conditions on which it was granted. Since her ad mission to 'the advantages of public law and the concert of Europe' she has not conducted herself like a civilized Power. She lias in no respect established her claim to be regarded as such. The guarantee of Turkish integrity as a conse quence of our policy in the Crimean war has to be given up as moonslune. Turkey has not fulfilled her part of the bargain, and the guarantee on which her existence rests is not that of any one State, but of several. Lord Palmerston in his explana tion of the objects of the guarantee guarded against the inference that the independence of the Porte was an essential feature in it. In his view ' the only effect of a war commenced to main tain the independence of the Sultan, and to protect him against an authoritative interference of foreign Powers, would have been to multiply by five the evil which he had previously resisted, and to give to the allies those very powers against which they took arms to defend the Sultan. Therefore a war to maintain the indepen dence of the Sultan would have ended in utterly destroying that independence/' But there is one other point on which the Crimean policy holds good against all the changes of a quarter of a century. By a convention to the Treaty of Paris, England, France, Russia, Austria, Prussia, and Sardinia bound themselves to respect, as the Porte bound itself to maintain, the neutrality of the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles. There is no joint guarantee here, nor are there condi tional obligations. The contracting parties bind themselves severally to a particular thing, and any one of them would have a casris belli against any of the others for its violation It is a double-edged engagement, for if it authorizes England to keep the Bosphorus closed against Russia, it also enables Russia to close the Dardanelles against England. Should Russia, advancing through Bulgaria, menace Constantinople on the land side, England might possibly have to forestal her at the hazard of technically violating a convention which she could allow no other Power to tamper with. Mr. HtSftY 'Warren a*td tee 'Register.'— In proposing the toast of the Ministry at the late demonstration at Port Pirie the Mayor (Mr. Henry Warren) went out of the way to make a coarse personal attack upon our Port Pirie correspondent, and then fell foul of the R&jister.; The latter was a fair exer cise of his privilege in all respects save one, which we will notice presently; but we must say it was rather cowardly to assail the private character of a man whose name Mr. Warren could only have known confidentially, and who, as he must surely be aware, is now away, and unable to defend himself. Even if on a late occasion our corre spondent did not correctly interpret the opinions of his fellow-townsmen on a particular question, Mr. Warren might have remembered the good service he has rendered to the township in the past. As to His Worship's remarks about the Rfjuttr, we should have left him to say what he pleased if he had not sup pressed, or at least overlooked, a material fact the mere statement of which would have furnished a complete answer to his charge. The circumstances are these. When the Ministry, in com pliance with a duly-gazetted memorial, erected Port Pirie into a Corporation, they disregarded the boundaries proposed by the memorialists and included within the proclaimed township a certain suburb called Solomon To wn. This evoked such a strong feeling in the municipality that the newly-appointed officials would not assume the exercise of their functions until the blunder was remedied. A very long and inexplicable delay ensued, and it was not until the 23rd of No vember that a new proclamation was gazetted in the form which it ought to have taken at the first. Our correspondent had more than once commented upon the irritation caused by this prolonged bungling, and in an nouncing the final settlement of the matter, he added 'the whole affair has rudely shaken the confidence of the com munity here in the ability and honesty of the present Ministry.' Knowing how warm local jealousies are apt to be about official neglects and blunders, it did not occur to us that our cor respondent was overstating the feeling of the moment. A few days afterwards, however, we received from Mr. Warren a letter, written in evident excitement, not only denying the truth of the words we have quoted, but also describing them as ' statements that are damaging to public morality,' and saying a good many other foolish things which we certainly did not feel called upon to put into type. Indeed our correspondent could scarcely have been more severely censured if he had brought a charge of felony against innocent persons, although in that case he might have had to pay more dearly for his folly. But although we did not print Mr. Warren's diatribe we published in his name a contradiction of the statement be impugned, informing our readers that he disavowed any such feeling on his own part, and further expressed his belief that no such feeling was generally entertained at Port Pirie. It is charitable to suppose that Mr. Warren had overlooked this paragraph when he indignantly told his hearers that the Register did not publish his letter; because if he was aware of it his subse quent remarks implied a deliberate mis representation. Mr. Warren ought to have learned by this time, however, that in denouncing others it is important first to ascertain 4all the material facts, and then to be careful not to misstate them. If he had done this in the present instance he might have saved himself from falling into the error. The Overland Line.— Communication, which was interrupted on this line for s short time, was restored at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Duplicate Cable.— A conference of the various colonies is to be held in January next, either at Melbourne or at Hebart Tows, to consider the question of a duplicate cable. Measles. — Two more cases of this contagious disease occurred on board the immigrant ship Duntrune on Friday, December 8. The sufferers were immediately taken to the quarantine hulk, where no doubt the complaint will soon succumb to the treatment of the medical officer on board. Yob he's Peninsula Annual Regatta.— This event is being looked forward to with interest. Several crews are in training, and the Committee speak highly of the prospects financially, there being upwards of £70 collected already. Pobt Wesletan Church.— The Rar. H. Mack will preach to-morrow niitfit on 'The self-sacrificing benevolence of Coriatiaaity a-, seen in Christ.' Post Cards.— The run upon the Post-Ofnse for post cards has already begun in good earnest. The cards are of a straw colour, about 3 by Z% inches in dimensions, having on the stamped side the impress of the penny stamp, and of the Royal arms with the words, ' South Australia. fostCard. To ' surrounded by a border, printed in magenta ink. They are not sold in quantities of less than one dczsa, and on Thurs day, the day en which they were first offered, an immense quantity were bought. Of these a large proportion were posted simply out of novelty and from a pure love of miauhief. The cards must not be folded in such a way as to hide the writing; but certain scute members of the Press ' got at' the Post-Offioe authorities by covering a number with shorthand notes and sencing to their friends. In these and various other ways the cards were used; and the letter carriers were greatly amused at the humorous and grotesque communicatioas they had to convey from house to house. For the next few day?, while the novelty lasts, the Post-Office officials' work will, we expect, be almost as over taxing as it is on St, Valentine's Day. Death of an Old Colonist.— News has bsen received by the last Bflglish mail of the death at London of Mr. W. J. Lawrence, formerly of this colony. Mr. Lawrence was one of the earliest settlers in Western Austra'ia, having arrived there in the same vessel as the first Governor— Sir James Stirling— in 1829. He held the office of Crown Solicitor until his departure for Adelaide in 1849, to join Mr. Gwynne (now Primary Judsje) in the practice of his profession, from which ha retired in 1857 and has since resided in England. ' Allowance op the Mayor of Port Ade laids.— The allowance to the Mayor of Port Adelaide was fixed on Friday, December 8, for the ensuing year at £100. The amount voted for the previous year was £125, which, however, was stated to include £25 for contemplated expenses in getting a settlement of the North parade question. The Lo-Lo Company.— This company have been performing in the Institute. Wallaroo, to large audiences with marked success. They are now on their way to Adelaide. The Faktr of Oolu.— Dr. Silvester presented his entertaining programme to a goad house last evening. The sensational ghost drama increases in favour evening after evening, and the comic ditties of Mr. and Mrs. Empwn are also in high favour with the Fakir's audiences. The Bf llbikgers.— The Lynch Family had a crowded house at the Institute, Laura, on Wednesday evening, December 6, and the per formance gave great satisfaction to the lrage audience present. Teb Nobthebn Tkrbitohy.— New that the gold fever ha« rabtided, more attention seems likely to be paid to the legitimate development j of toe Northern Territory. A few days ago we I heard that 600 Chinese contemplated emi gratitg to Port Darwin; and now two services have been entered into for the conveyance of mails and produce to and from the Eastern Isles. Meters. M. J. 8olomon & Co., who have been appointed agents for the steamer Egeron, which is to run between the Northern Territory and Sourabaya and intermediate ports, are doing their best to encourage the trad a; and with this in view they are distributing cir culars among the residents of tSatavia and other Eastern pert?. From one of these circulars we extract the following:—14 Our population, though small, is a moderately prosperous one, and is Eelf- supporting. Our only industry at present is gold mining, but recent explorations of our inland country and of country upon the banks of the Victoria and Daly Rivers, both of which are navigable for many miles froaa the coast, shew that we possess large tracts of land capable of producing sugar, rice, cotton, coffee, and almost any otbet tropical produces. Our only want is skilled labour for planting and planters with capital to employ it. Our land laws are exceedingly liberal, land being obtain able at 6d. per acre per annum; and should any bon& fide planters with labour and capital visit our there s we have every reason to believe that our Government will give them every encourage Kent, and would probably even go so far as to give grarts of lnnd in fee-simple to such settlers The Government are now offering a bonus of five thousand pounds (£5,000) to the producer of the firtt 500 tens of Bugar. At Port Ksdngton we have two cattle stations established, and there is every probability of their being able to supply the Eastern IbI-uios with salt beef in large quantities at reasonable rates.' Fire.— On Sunday, December 3, about 6 o'clock, a stack of hay, stable, shed, kc, ad joiuirgthe Scharnberg schoolroom, were burnt. The flames (tays the Bunyip) were first seen by Mr. Brock, of New Mecklenberg, as the teacher of the school was driving home just before the outbreak of the fire. The neighbours gathered together and prevented the nimes from spread ing. Had the wind been blowing east instead of wtst the schoolroom, which has a thatched roof, would no doubt have been burnt also. It is supposed some matches had been dropped in the neighbourhood of the stack, and were ignited by the scratching of poultry. Child I bowsed. — A child named James Gray, about 18 months old, the son of David Gray, a market- gardener of Piccadilly, near Mount Lofty, was drowned on Fiiday afternoon, December 8, about 4 o'clock. It appears that the little fellow was missing for about 20 minutcP, and on search being made for him his body was found lying in a waterhole close to the house. It is supposed the child in attempting to cross the water by a narrow plank used for that purpose fell in. An inquest will be held to-day. Loaded Wagon Burnt.— On Thursday, the 7th instant, a wagon loaded with wood, belong ing to Mr. R. Chapman, of Williamatown, mysteriously took fire on the road to Gawler. The wagon (says the Gawler paper) was being driven by a young man named tiower, and a boy of about 12 years of age accompanied him. They were standing on the footboard of the shafts, and did not discover the fire until one of them had his band Ecorched. It wa3 the utmost that they could do to release the two horses. The fire was seen by Mr. Springbett and other neighbours near Sandy Creek, who rendered every assistance, but beyond saving the animals everything else was consumed, even to the shafts. On one fide of the road there was fallowed land, and on the other a grass paddock. The grass in the paddock ignited several times, but the fire was promptly put out by those present Accidents. — Henry Werndly, labourer, Saddleworth, was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Thursday evening, his ancle having been put out of joint by a mass of earth falling upon his foot whilst cutting a culvert. John Paiub, a lad thirteen years of age, who was riding a racehorse belong to Mr. Trew round the Old Adelaide Racecourse for its usual exercise on Friday morning, December 8, was thrown, owing to the animal swerving off the course and running into a fence opposite St. John's Church. The boy was severely shaken by the fall, and was picked up by a passing cart and immediately taken to the Hospital, where it was ascertained he bad sustained a severe bruise and scalp wound over the left eye. Adelaide Hospital.— The following is the report of this institution for the past fortnight — Number of patients admitted, 85; discharged 71 ; died, 6. There are now in the Hospital 175 patient?, and the number of out-patients pre scribed for is 673. A Gaugelms Railway.— While the war of the gauges goes on, a road has been commenced in California that is clearly out of the contro versy, for it has no gauge at alL In other words (writes the Engineer) it is to be an experi ment with the one rail, or priamoidal system, to connect the town of Souema with a steamboat landing. If it proves successful it may turn out that this peculiar plan will meet with con siderable use for local roads, and especially where expensive engineering would be necessary for the ordinary road. Port Rifle Club.— It was on Saturday, December 2, that Messrs. Dewar and Burns passed into the 1st and 2nd Class, and not Wed reeday, December 6, as stated in the Register of Friday. We are informed that on Wednesday, the 6th inst, Messrs. 6. H. Lake and C. J. Reynolds passed from the 2nd to the 1st Class, under the superintendence of Mr. G. Deelandes, with 39 and 38 marks respectively. A gale of wind was blowing across the range during the shooting. Bazaar in the Town Hall, Norwood.— The bazaar held in the Town Hall, Norwood, was continued on Friday evening, and, as on the preceding evening, attracted a large attendance of persons, who, judging from the meagre aspect of the stalls at the close of the bazaar, had been in the buying humour. The stall containing the nicknacks brought by Mr. Hope from England seemed to have been best patronized, the articles having met with a ready sale. On Thursday evening the amount obtained reached nearly £50, and Friday's takings no doubt exceeded this sum. Bazaar.— The fancy sale in the Stow Lecture Hall, to raise funds 'towards the erection of a branch schoolroom and Working Men's Insti tute, opened on Thursday, was continued on Friday, December 8, and was well attended. In addition to the usual attractions met with at bazaars was a curiosity-room, containing, besides pictures and other things, the immense toothed snout of a saw-fish, a number of Fijian curios, a case of insects, and a large model of a Japanese palace with its inhabitants. The takings for the two days have been £60. The sale will be continued to-day, and in the evening an auction will be held. Bazaar. — The sale of fancy and useful articles in aid of the North Adelaide Juvenile Missonary Society, held in the Temoerance Hall, North Adelaide, was continued on Friday with great success, there having been a large attendance during the day. The total proceeds of the two days' bazaar amounted to about £70. Bntebtainuent at Port Adelaide. — A pleasing performance was given at the Port Town Hall on Friday night, December 8, in aid of the Queen and Albert Oral, by the pupils of Mr. A. Martin's school, assisted by lady and gentleman amateurs from Mr. T. W. Lyons's singing class. The programme consisted of songs j and recitations, which were rendered in a capital style. The school children mustered in great force on the platform, and their musical and ' elocutionary efforts reflected great credit on j their instructors. We need hardly say that Mr. j and Mrs. Lyons, who contributed some pretty j selections, were well received by the audience, j who testified their appreciate by frequent ; applause. ' LUCKY Escape.—' On Wednesday, December . 6, a carpenter named Mark Edwards, in the i employ of Mr. J. Nottle, builder,' reports the j YorMs Peninsula Advertua; ' met with an accident which it is miraculous did not termi nate fatally. He was engaged working at the new buildings in course of erection for Messrs. Davis Bros., adjoining Messrs. Bickford's, when he fell from the scaffold to the ground, a distance of about 13 feet, alighting upon his head and shoulders. He was at first supposed to have been killed, but fortunately was only stunned, and nothing of a more serious nature than a sevei e bruising is the result.' ' The Cfescot.— This was the title of a lecture it 1m red on Friday evening, December 8, by the Bev. 8. Mead, L.L.B., in Flinders-street Lecture Hall, and formiLg the fifth of a series of dx c ontributed by various clerical gentlemen in u'd of the Manse Building Fund. Mr. D. Murray, *h- presided, made a few appropriate remarks upon the great interest that was felt in anything relatirg to the E&Bt; on afico'int of the excitiLg political events taking place tnere at the pre-oat time, and then introduced the lecturer. Vocal md instrumental music by the members of tbe choir wsB added to the evening's entertain ment. Mr. Mead, after an introduction speech referring to his late visit to the East, said tie always considered the symbol of the Crescent— the half- moon— adopted by the Turks as their national emblem, very significant and simple. As the British Lion was the symbol of the power of England, bo the Crescent was in former times intended to denote gradual develop ment. He then pave a graphic description of a trip up the Danube, and expatiated upon the importance of that splendid river, which should be the making of Euroj ean Tarkeyifit9 great advantages were properly availed of, remarking that if England could possess the Turkish Empire as she possessed the Indian Empire, it would be a most advantageous thing for Turkey. He then, in a pleasant, conversational way, sketched a trip through the Bos phorus, described Constantinople, its archi tectural beauties, the social life of the inhabi tants, peculiarities of the place, and the many points of interest it possessed for travellers, adding that as in his opinion London was the ugliest yet internally most orderly city, so Con stantinople was the finest but most disorderly metropolis he had visited. After dwelling upon the wonders of the world-renowned bazaar of Constantinople, so full of the richea of Eastern manufactures, he referred to the large number of fountains in the city, and gave some statistics shoeing that the Turkish Empire was of immense area, comprising with E^ypt, Tripoli, Tunis, Wallachia, Servia, and Mon tenegro, a superficial area of about two million English square miles, with a population of 40 millions. Briefly touching upon the present disordered state of affairs in Turkey, he went on to say that there were of Mohammedans about 25 millions, 15 millions belonging to the Greek and Armenian Churches, and the revenue amounted to 20 millions annually, roughly estimated. The home debt was estimated at 40 millions, and he remarked that England was Baid to have lost, or to be about to lose, 100 millions by her Turkish loans. An out line of the religious beliefs prevalent in Turkey and the mode of Government was given, also the social customs and the armament. In reference to the latter, the lecturer pointed out the fact that most of the arms and vessels were of English manufacture. Toe rise and fall of that once powerful and troublesome body of royal guards and military reserve known as the Janizaries, who exercised so great an influence upon the history of Turkey,iwas noticed; and the rev. lecturer gave an account of their final destruction in 1826 by Mahmoud IL, who was the means of 15,000 being executed and 20,000 banished. A digression was then made for the purpose of describing the Turkish cemeteries so peculiar and bo strange that exist all over the country. Then followed a vivid account of a visit to the magnificent old Mosque of St. Sophia, once a Christian Church, and now ene of the wonders of modern times, this point in the discourse bringing the lecture to a close. A numbar of very fine photographs of various interesting scenes and buildings referred to in the lecture were exhibited; and the audience availed them selves of an opportunity of seeing soms of the viewB of Constantinople at great advantage through a meglethescope kindly lent by Mr. D. Murray, Mr. Mead, in his closing remarks, Baid he had intended dwelling at length, on Mohammedanism; but he found he could not include that subject in his lecture, as it would have unduly extended the time of delivery. He stated that Mr. J. L. Parsons would deliver his promised lecture on ' Quaint Bayingsby Quaint Preachers' on Friday next instead of Friday week. Supreme Court.— The case of Parr and Another v. Fisher was concluded at the Supreme Court on Friday, December 8. The action was for commission on the sa'.e of part of tbe land of the Hill River Estate. The Jury, after nearly an hour's consideration, were unable to agree upon a verdict, and were therefore discharged. The Court adjourned at 3 o'clock till Tuesday morning next, at 10 o'clock, when Mr. Justice Stow will hear the two cases Mills v. Stoneman and Others. Accident at Saddleworth. — A labourer named Werndley wa3 engaged in excavating a piece of ground for a culvert in Saddleworth, when a portion which he was undermining gave way and buried his feet and legs. He sustained a compound fracture in one of his ancles. Fortunately Dr. Giles, of River ton, was near at hand and kindly attended to the sufferer, He was conveyed to the Adelaide Hospital by the evening train. Great sympathy is felt for Werndley, as he has only been in the colony a few months, and is a very industrious and sober man. Wesleyan Ministers for the Colony.— A letter has been received from the Rev. J. Bickford, dated England, October 20, stating that the Revs. Clucas and Selden, whom he had secured for South Australia, had left per steamer Candia, which is to call at Glenel? to land passengers and light freight. Mr. Bickford himself had not quite decided by what vessel he would come out Entertainment at Destitute Asylum. —An entertainment was given to the inmates of the Destitute Asylum on Thursday night by the members of the Invincible B&nd; of Hope, of Pulteney-street. The programme consisted of songs (comic and sentimental), duets, reelings, and recitations. A scene, entitled ' Cookery for the Million,' elicited peals of laughter. The building was nicely filled. Mr. W. Price officiated as Chairman, and received a cordial vote of thanks. It is the intention of the members of the Invin cible Band ef Hope to give a quarterly enter tainment at the Asylum. Fire at Anlaby.— The Kapunda Herald of December 8 says:— 'On Tuesday afternoon a fire broke out on the Anlaby Run in the paddock known as Martin's, on the Julia. With the prompt assistance of a number of farmers and others it was beaten out after it had burnt about 100 acres of grass. Immediately the fire was noticed word was sent to the head station, and Mr. Morris with some men started at once to render assistance, but on arriving found that the fire had been got under. It is believed it was canted by a man who was seen shortly before tbe fire broke out passing by on horse back, and who, we understand, was noticed lighting his pipe. It is a great pity that one or two wholesome exauples cannot be made of these careless people.' Quick Passages.— The White Star screw steamer Britannic has lately accomplished a feat uprivalled in the annals of ocean navigation, viz., steaming from Queenstown to New York and vice versa for four voyages in succ3.ston under eight days. On the four outward trips tbe Britannic ran a distance of 11,216 knots, being an average of 2,804 per trip, which gives a speed of a little over 15 knots per hour, or 360 knots per diem. Homewards she steamed 11,549 knots, or 2,857 per trip, equal to 15*32 knots per hour, or 367 '68 par diem. The Right Kind of Pavemkot.— The London correspondent of the Glasgow Herald says :— 'We seem at last to have solved the pavement problem in London. Last year two seotion3 of Oxf old-street, between Regent-street and the Marble Arch, were laid with a wooden pavement on an asphalt foundation, and the result ha3 been so satisfactory that the intermediate sestion, upon which the old granite pitching had been allowed to remain, is now being treated in the same way. This combination of wood upon asphalt affords a firm, smooth, durable, and yet not slippery pavement, which is far better than either wood alone or asphalt alone, and infinitely better than that granite which has so irretriavably ruined ncacy a valuable horse.' Diving at Port Adklaide.— A great many persons at Port Adelaide were interested during Friday in witnessing the perfcrmancos of a pro fessional diver, who for a long time endeavoured to recover the purse, containing about £14, which was dropped into the stream from the ketch Seabird. We are informed that his efforts were unsuccessful He also ncade a subaqueous tour near Maclaren Wharf, and brought up a few tins of provisions and an cystsr. Lfcttbe — The Rev. W. Davidson delivered a j very inter*- ting lecture on Wednesday eveiiing, December 6, iu the Presbyterian -' torch. Wal laroo, en 'Hymns and Hymn Writers.' The lecture was deltvtred in connection with tha anniversary eei vices of the Ccurjh. Tae Wal laroo Choral Society rendered severa' pieces of mi ic during the evening, which were very much admired. The lecturer began with thd hymns composed by llcses and sung by Miriam and the daughters ot Israel after their deliverance from Egyptian bondage, fie then treated of the early Greek, Latin, atd Germvn writers, in the latter speaking at seme length on the produc tions of Luther. He then spoke of tee contri butions of Scotland's famous reformer John Kncx, and also of some of the hymns of Dan mark. The lecturer, however, ina'le special reference to tbe labours of Charles Wesley in this great work, and wondered that sauh a man should be comparatively forgotten while the name of his brother was k8o famous, when actually Charles Wesley did quite as much for Methodism in the beginning as his more favoured brother. References were also made to Watts, Doddrige, Cowper, Keble, and Top lady, whose '* Rock of Ages' would last to tne end of time, and would be sung with adoration when ' Hold the Fort' and many others— nice little hymns in themselves — had sunk into obli vion. There was a good attendance. At the close the Chairman, the Rev. J. Lloyd, proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer and the Ctoral Society. Railway Works.— The Kapunda Birald is informed that the recent extension of laid obtained by the Government has enabled Mr. Reid to take on all the unemployed labourers. A batch of about 40 men are now out as far a? flagot*8 Well. Corley*s Cutting, which will be rather heavy — Eome 16 or 18 feet deep— is let to a contractor named Cartwright, who will of course employ his own men. Dry Grass in the Squares. — A correspon dent states that the grass in Whitmore-square was on fire on Thursday evening, and he thinks it ought to be mown to prevent any danger in future. Runaway.— On Friday afternoon, December 8, the horses of a gingerbeer and sodawater cart standing in Jeffcott-street, North Adelaide, bolted. Running against a letter- pillar at the corner of Wellington-Eqoare, the vehicle was capsized, and the horses were brought to a standstill. No damage was done to either the cart or the horses, but the sodawater came sadly to grief. Football News by ihe Mail.— The football season began in England on the last day of Sep tember, and from the number of new names Loticed by us hi the Clubs, it is evident that there is an infusion of a great deal of fresh blood, though we doubt whether any of them, with the exception of Mr. A. K. Butterwortb, will obtain places in the English Twenty. Of the three first- class matches that had been played under the Rugby Union Rules, the first was Richmond v. St. George's Hospital, which was won by th9 former by a goal and a try to nothing. The Richmonds seem likely to retain their leading position this season, and are a heavy team forward, while with such men as Sidgwick, Williams, and JlcLaan behind they have little to feat. On October 14 Blackheath met West Kent, and beat them by four goals to nothing, The play is described as having been of rather a fierce character, but the behind play of the Heathers carried all before it, and L. Stokes, Shaw, Tuser, and Pearson ore looked upon as likely candidates for the Twenty. The Nomads were beaten by the Rovers after a hard game; but as they have lost Hammerdy, Milton, Hamilton, and several others of their bast men, they are hardly likely to keep up their prestige this season, though Butterworth is a welcome addition. The first match for the Association Challonge Cup was played on October 14 between the Pilgrims and Ramblers, and was woa by the Pilgrims by four goals to one, there being no especial exhibition of good play on either side. Effects of Drink.— The Mount Gambier paper says :— ' A sad case occurred here last Friday, December 1, the cause being drink. Mr. W. Williams is a clever tradesman and a quiet man when sober, but when he drinks he is quarrelsome. On Friday night last he got home the worse of drink, and in a quarrelsome mood. The neighbours were roused by his bad treatment of his wife and children, and one of them, Mrs. Gardthausen, appears to have done all she could to pacify him. In the midst of her kindly offices she received a violent blow on the side of the head, from the effects of which she has lain in a seml-unconsciouB state ever since. Whether the blow was the result of accident or design is not known, but there is reason to fear its effects will be lasting on the health of Mrs. Gardthausen. Williams is now In gaol awaiting the result of the enquiry, which will be proceeded with as soon as Mrs. Gardthausen can give her evidence.' A Biographical Treasure.— The Argus of December 4, states that 'a work of soma rarity and of considerable antiquity was picked up for a couple of shillings in a Melbourne auction room the other day. It had formerly belonged to one of the abbots of the Monastery of Camaldoli, in Tuscany, whose autograph it beats, and had afterwards passed into the pos session of fleber, as his library stamp, ' Biblio* theca Heberiana,' is impressed on a blank leaf at the beginning. The title-page U wanting, but the date of publication is given at the end of the work, where it sets forth that it was printed in Pisa, by Ser Lorenzo and her Agnolo, Florentines, on the 2nd of June, in the year 1484— that is to say, only 34 years after the first sheets are believed to have been printed from moveable types, and 29 years after the date which Hallam assigns to the Mazarin Bible. The author of the back, which is a treatise on the Christian religion, written in opposition to the views of Averroes, was that Marsilius Ficinus who was selected by Cosmo de Medici to be educated in the mysteries of Platonum in order that he might be chief and preceptor of the Platonic Academy which that distinguished patron of art and letters founded in Florence about the middle of the 15th century. The book is not paged; the type is remarkably bold and clear, and the paper stout and good. All the articles and prepositions are con nected with the words which follow them; and while the names of Christ, the prophets, and of Hebrew and pagan writers invariably com mence with a capital letter, that of God never does. The letter u is substitute i, as in many old English books, for v, while the letter n is frequently indicated by a sign over the preceding vowel; and, in punctuation, a strong diagonal line is used instead of a comma. Another peculiarity of the typography is that the initial letter of every chapter is in ' lower case,' and is set in the middle of an indented space, as if to leave room for the exercise of the illuminator's art The language differs very little from the Italian of the present day, proving the purity of character which Dante had given it in the previous century ; and the spelling of some words is just a little closer to that of their Latin ancestors — as huomo for uomo, mdocto for indotto, avaritia for avarida, and so forth — than it now is ; but that is all. The Italian of the 15th century more nearly resembles that of the 19 th than does the English of Hardyng the chronicler resemble that of Macfiulay the historian.' New Life-Saving Appliances, — Messrs. Cornish L Co., of Flinders-street west, says the Argus, have invented new appliances for the purpose of protecting life at sea, in the shapa of canvas cones filled with cork, the object of which is to convert ordinary boats into lifeboats. The cones are eight inches broad at the top, tapering downwards, and have hand- iines attached. It is intended that they should be placed at first inside the boats, where they will form seats all round, and when the boats are to be used for saving life that they should be transferred to the outside, and thereby render the boats un dnkable. When placed outside it is calculated that they would add 25 per cent, to the boata' carrying capacity, besides forming efficient fenders, and materially helping to prevent a boat from capsizirg. If a boat furnished with these appliances were ta capsize the hand-lines on the cones would then be of great service, as they would be easily caught by those who were thrown into the water. Messrs. Grice, Sumner, & Co. have been the tirst to take advantage of the how invention for the boats of their ship, the Delmira' IS Messrs. Green & Co. request special atten tion directed to their Land Auction Sale, to be held This Day at the Jetty Hotel, Semaphore, at 3 o'clock p.m. For particulars of Properdn see advertisements. 