'V/^-CAEEiGE/;;;;' : ? ? flFroiri our own .Correspondent.) .? ? ?? On .last' Tuesday and W^ednesdayeven-: ings Tye ,Tiad the pleasure! of a visit from' Madame*. B-ichdale's panorama, ..with.: . Mdhs.'.'iLaumbn't,. ventriloquist.' j'.'Eqt1 Being - there the . first, evening,' . I ; cannot ? say anything about., that evening's enter tainment, but .being told how good it was, I made up my mind to s;o on W ednesday, : and passed a very pleasant evening. Now, to describe it— The panorama began with' a piece entitled . 'The TJvhisky demon,' con sisting.' of 12, -scenes. : They were well; executed', showing tho different grades of drunkenness, and ending with a prison ; (the condemned cell), tho hospital, and the workhouse. Professor Wyndham Fos Brooko ,was delineator, and ably did he perform, that function,' s and preached1 quite a temperance sermon upon it;. Then, by request of a friend, Mons Laumorit: favored the ? audience . with some good: advice , in- a' song entitled.' . ' Through the wor-M you go.'' After that followed some; somio scenes and a portrait of the late' 'aboriginal Queen LTrucanini. JThen, followed some specimens of ventriloquism iby Mons. Laumont, including ? imitations ! of birds and beasts to perfection.' He imitated the; saxhorn' by playing Xe iMarseillauo through a funnel, and also : gave imitations of other instruments too numerous to mention. Tho Australian Tom Thumb and Minnie Warron were then introduced to the audience, and these created great merriment. -The oritertainment concludod with tho laugh able and screaming farce, entitled'' A bad ?night's rest.'- The part of the Lodging house-keeper was taken by Mr-Posbrooko, while the Nigger (the lodger) was ably represented by Mr Laumont. The lodger was disturbed first by a ghost, then by a rat, which he at last killed, and also by his live stock in the bed, so that he could not sleep ; bo he demanded his money back, -but did not obtain it, as the keeper said there was no change in him. Mr Fosbrooke then thanked the audience for their two nights' patronage, and hoped to have the pleasure of enter taining them at some future period.' .: ; 11th August, 1876. 