NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. FiurMY. J tu, y 21. I The Speaker took too chair at di> minutes put 4 o'clock. Mr DES TRI T COURT JUDGE MEYMOTT. Mr. LACKEY said in answer to Mr. M'Rlhone, -hit i inquiry had been made as to whether Mr. Judge Meymott | by refusing to th in his ticket to the station mast r at Branxton, on or about the 22nd June, delayed the train , afte H/N in any minute-, and the traffic in manager stated that the delay did not exceed three minutes. Judge Me most did not refuse to show his ticket, but could sit produce it for the tin of stated. I LAND SELECTION. ' 1 Mr. M'ELHON K u-Ve 1 the Secretary for Lands, , " When will be give the Attiinev-Gpnoial'R o linton as to ! wbeth r a selector who holds 200 acres of land can legally buy and hold an adjoining selection, of 320 acres on which neither of the parties has resided for Ihms years, but has resided on for over twelve months, at which time they are legally entitled to transfer their selection a " j M'. G ARRET r answered The opinion of the Attorney-General that we have receded was simply on one case, in which the point referred to in this question was but inci- j dentally touched. The question raised is one that, in my opinion can be dealt with byways ragnLtion; and the propriety of doing that will be taken into consideration very shortly, RAILWAY PORTERS. I Mr. LACKEY said, in answer to. Mr McElhone, that it was not a fact that railway porters, and oil' r men working on the railway. who received 6s. per day were only paid ' 6d. per hour forwoikingov time The we were laid for overtime at the same run nor near as their daily pay. PARRAMATTA ROAD. Mr. LACKEY said, in answer Mr. H D.thst the por- , Hon of the Parramatta Road leading from the Camperdown t either to the Cross Roads was o> rains not in a dangerous state, but it was not so not unusual usual in consequence of the increasing difficulty of getting 11 to metal at reasonable rates, a difficulty which was now been' overcome by the department getting the metal du cent The food was kept in t p in by the tolls. There were funds available. TOOTAL' PETTY'S LAND SELEC .' ON Mr. GARRETT and, answer to Mr DivlegforMr U.C. Dun a-, thatch' question as to the performance of the conditions was the reference to the Rejected n of Josiah Petty, of I60^"ios of Land, near Deniliquin, was inquired into before the Commissioner at the last sitting. The Commissioner n parted this seconding as had not been fulfilled He (Mr. Garrett had 5-day e} that report, and the forfeiture was now before the Executive Coun- it He would be able to lay the papers on the table a a few days. I STATION HOUSE AND GOODS-SHED AT ' BLAYNEY. Mr. LACKEY said, in answer to Mr. Lynch, that no intimation had been made to the Works Department of the contractor for the election of a station-house and goodsell d at Blayney having given up the contract COURT OF QUARTER SESSIONS AT 1 GRENFELL | Mr. ROBERTSON said. in answer to Mr. T. Wat- ' son that it was the intention of the Government to earth- I lish a Court of Quarter Sessions at 'Grenfell so soon as the j ucujuimodation for the prisoners could be got ready. The' whs being A me as fast as possible, and the Colonial | ! Areh'te't bad b in desired to press the work forward. 1 GATES ON THE RICHMOND LINE OF I H A IL WAY. Mr. LACKEY said, in answer t Mr. De iver, that his attention had been drawn to the alleged losses by of an alteration in the construction of the gates on the Richmond j line of railway and he retorted the question for the report of the Engineer- in hiof, who stated that he could not recommend the alteration in proposed , Mr. DRIVER asked the Secretary for Public Works if he did not promise that he would have it done. Mr. LACKEY did not too' not having done so. PETITION i Mr. CAMERON presented a not tion from 155 mechanics and apprentices in the employ of Miss D cknnd Bngi ' neering Company against the Apprentices Act Amendment Bill. The petition was received a RESUMPTION OF CROWN LANDS. Mr. GARRETT brought up a bill to authorise (the resumption of certain dedicated Crown lands. The bill was read a first time, and it was ordered that it be printed. J PAPERS. i Mr. GARRETT laid on the table a return in reference to sites for places for public recreation. ! It was ordered that the document he printed. I i ASKING QUESTIONS. | ' Mr. HURLEY (Hartley), refering to the hon. member of r East Sydney (Mr. Davies and to his having asked the | 1 question standing in the name of the hon. member for- West ' Sydney (Mr. H. C. Dangar), said that he should like to know whether the hon. gentleman had been authorised to i ask the question in the arisen e of the hon. member for West Sydney, became very i seen hon. members preferred i that their questions should re main on the paper. Mr. SPEAKER said he took it to be the rule that n i , hon. member should ask a question for another hon. ocean- , ber unless he were authorised to do so, and he had a right to assume when an hon. member rose to ask a question that he had been so authorised. ; Mr. DRIVER complained of the practice of some hon. members asking the questions of other hon, members in their absence. WALLSEND PASSENGER TRAIN. Mr. LLOYD moved that there be laid upon the table of the House, < copies of all correspondence and other papers and documents in the possession of the Government having reference to the negotiations with the Wallsend Coal Mining Company for the running of passenger trains on the Wallsend line to and from Wallsend. The motion was passed. > FRUITIONS PRINTED. , Mr. CAMERON moved that the petition presented by him on 20th July, against the Apprenticeship Law. Anjend ment Bill, be printed. J _ The motion was passed, , , s at 2 AUDIT A' T AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. R B SMITH obtained leave to introduce a bill to «m?nd.l,e Audit Act of 1876, and introduced the bill which Wm Bond a m M time. s '"s JURY LAWS AMENDMENT BILL. On the motion of Mr. W. H. hUT TOR, the House went into Committee to consider -ho timed font made by the Legislative Council in the Jury Laws Amendment Bill the um. ramparts were agreed to, the House resumed, and Council Wft' led to be attained to the Legislative BRIDGE OVER WlNGfRNDVLE RIVULET Mr W. H. BUT FOR was ml,-" That Mr. Speaker do now leave the clinic, and the House ï'0-s6tvo itself into Committee of the Whole, to tons for an address to the Governor piay.nith.it his, Excellency will be pi and to cause to be plac. d un in the Supply, in a city Estimates of r thn v, nr 1872 a sum of money, not exceeding HolM, for the purpose of erecting a sugar over the Winburndale Rivulet, on the road of in Kelso o Limekilns. Mr. RB. SMITH iii I not rise to oppose this motion, but little attention to the' manner in which the Government (routed num- Vrs of the House in regard to motions asking t- r grunts of immer for local works. Any such motion standing in the name of an hon. member on the Opposition side of the House is "sure to be ubjfClod to by some suppressor the Government as a formal motion while similar in flour proposed by members in the other side of the House were allowed to pass. He had a motion on the paper asking that a sum of £1000 be placed on the supplementary estimates, for the formation of a road and approaches to the punt at Taree, Manning River; but it had been obligated to night after night. though the work was a very successful one. The Sneiot ay for Works has promised a < opinions n that he would place a sum of money on the Srp Lemont iry Estima , s for this world, but he had not done so. That was the reason why h played the motion, on the paper. The would be propose, d would shorten the road to Sydney by 5 miles. Mr. CAMERON said he was the member who objected to the motion of the hon. member opposite to-day, and other hon. members lrodobiprted on other occasions He did not see that the hon. member had any right to complain, for it was rather too much to ask the House to go into committee on an amount involving £1000 without one word from the hon. member to show whether he was right or wrong. Mr. BOOTH said, the hon. member for the Hnslines was wrong in saying than this motion had not been objected to. Neither he uni- his colleague, Mr. Suttor, would aspire to anything that would arthur Um interests of the hon. gentleman's constituents. This bridge was a matter that was very much required, and he who led the House would grant it. The motion " that thoSpoakarlravetho chair" was age.d to. and the House resolved itself may Committee of the Wlioloaccordiuiilv. Mr. W. H." SUTTOR then moved a resolution in accordance with the foregoing. He said there was a great amount of traffic on this road, from the railway at Kelso to the Upper Turon, and other gold-fields. in that noiuh-ourho >d the winter torrents frequently made the roads impassable. Applici this were made to the late G vernment for this I ridge, and they placed a sum of in way on the Estimates, but the present Government came into office and thought fit to remove it Some time ago, in answer tont|Urstlon from the hon. member for the Western not Fields, the Grtvcin man and they were not or passed to a cede to Inn request been so There was a bridge on a parallel road. But these two roads were not in any way round -ted. Yon could not pass from one to the other. * He hoped the committee of would not raise this vote, as the bridge was very much requird ! Air. LACKEY said it was true that applications had been made to the Government to put a sum of money on the Estimates for this brigade, and it was equally true that the Government f? It it their duty to top-line to accede to the request. That being the case', he could not intersects. ' recommendation of the hon, gentleman now. When the matter was first brought before him he left add it to the proper officer, M'T U'nmtt, f r Report. viz. Bennett forwarded the application to too local officer, whose mom mandate as well be that of Mr. B Bennett, was made so to the request. It was stated by the local officer that a bridge had been erected at a considerable expense near the village of Peel, on a road 1 ruling in a similar direction. T ,ey also stated that the chair. at cr -Mint-place Was a very fair ? ne. and it was only in very rare times during the a year that the bridge would ob repaired. It was the case that where bridges had been (rected in similar situations, travel are often used the ford in preference to the l>r age, so that they might water their stock. He had no stro g failing in the matter, and was anxious to consult the wishes of hon. morn her , but they were bound the gillie i uV the venom of their officers, whose duty it was to know the n 'Ceres ties of such cases. ' his bridge would be a very expends out, and seeing that the ford was crosses of at most times of the vi Mr. and even in cases of (emergency there was a bridge three or four miles parallel. he thought the hon means r would do well to be content with that at present He did not kn w whether the extension of the railway had added to the traffic on this road, but as far as the Government were advised, they were led to infer that the work was n t specially required at the present time, and under those circumstances he should feel it his duty to vote against he motion. Mr SU I TOR said it was often the case that people preferred to cross a ford in order to water their stock: it was the case not with the bridge over the Macquarie. But when a flood mine, traffic was impossible without the bridge HE p turned out that there was a large number of persons interested in this bridge, and he hoped the Minister for Works would withdraw his opposition. Mr. R. B. SMITH said that, notwithstanding the opposition of the Minister for Works, he should support the vote, inasmuch as he knew from etponeneir | that reports were frequently s submitted of a wrong character. The people who resided in the vicinity were the best judges as to whether these works were wanted i or not. I and they had the assurance of the hon. member that there i bad as was necessary He should, therefore, vote for the I meeting. \ Mr. MACINTOSH would support the motion on account of the numerously-signed petition that had been sent in in regard to this bridge. The only argument that the Minister for Works and urged against it was that there was another bridge four or five miles away Putting the views of the petitioners against love of the (races oh reported, he should be inclined to vote for the resolution. MR. PIDDINGTON did not wish to waste the time with thirty 'three" orders of the day on the meT. Bathe should Live his vote for the proposal on its merits. Mr. COHEN would vote for this resolution he believed that it would afford facilities to a considerable number of the people. And although the officers had re oriel 'pacing' the bridge, he did not think they would tie eating m M'fliu'ti' upon them by acceding to the prayer of the petitioners. Mr. CHARLES said that, though it seemed to him GOOD Discharge sum to give for the accommodation of a 'few persons"-, (still be had been led see 'in the hon. gentleman that he would not tear himself t ? an unreasonable frequent, and that he was aware of circumstances that justified the vote. He should I therefore vote for the resolution The question was put', and carried on division. Are', US : n les 5. Messrs. Robertson, Garrett, Stuart, Lackey, and Burn- vo oil in the minority. The CHAIRMAN left the chair. and reported the resolution to the House The resolution was received, read a second time. and agreed to. CONTEMPT BEFORE juSTICES PUBLISH a MENT BILL. Mr. DRIVER said he should oppose this bill Except tion had been bitten by one portion of thePrnsstoa a remark made by him with reference to the style of persons who were magistrates in this city, and the a>*lrt'nn had been in ndly per' ton h that he made that -water at without J., n-ideriner'tho position he occupied. in connect in with the question before the House. He had ample time to reflect upon it, and he had I considered it over and over again He had washed, it possible still more closely the conduct of several gentlemen at the Post' of Courts in which oiV and he was more and more convinced of the arrest, danger that would arc e to the in if they all wAd 'h'S hill to pass. [Mr. T. DANGAR: supersede those.] Un'ortipatiiv he had not the ' own. li he had. these gentlemen would write the word "ex" before therewith-. The 'taken- to whom he refers d be no n e anD added to the îos^o-jability of intelligence of the Bench; and it was because he believed the bill w rule be conferring so great a power on a body of persons a'tngoihm1 unfitted to exercise it that he voted against the third remains. Since the hill had been before the House he had received letters from various parts, of the c marry thanking him for the men who he had taken, and calling his seven ion to scenes will nessed in the police came t o f tee c lony. He had not had much p\perienei>in the county courts but he believed that the proceedings there were conducted with more regularity and drowning than in Sydney, and that the magistrates in the country had a more high' appreciation of the duties now turning their p with a thin continue appointed in Sydney. If the bill were simply intended toaoplvttcounttv marris trates he would have a ? rawson to offer any opposition to it! it was because he believed it would be made the means of oppression and, tyranny in Sydney that he had reason to oppose it. The question " that the bill be read a third time was put and agreed to on the following division : Aros, 16. Mr Robertson Mr. W. Browne Mr.Charles Heart Booth T. Dangar Garrett Wisdom, Dav Lackey Lynch Bales t Trtlert, Burns Terry Jacob | "as?. Macintosh Kees. 10. Mr Parkes Mr. Piddington Mr Fitzpatrick -Driver Lloyd number I Tellers. M'Mbone Sutherland R Smith I Dibb' .... The b 11 was then read a third time, passed and an order was made for its transmission to the Legislative Council. ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. CAMERON, in moving? the second reading of this bill, said that he was aware that he was rendering himself liable to a great deal of adverse criticism, and to be charged with a nario'vnvnaad spirit in desiring to take away a privilege which the educational interests of the country had a right to expect at their hands. He thought that those who took that view should recollect that for many years the sanction of the representatives of the people had not been asked for such a privilege as that which the Sydney University was about to enjoy The nominee Chamber inserted a clause in thoElectoialBil! broughtiuby the hon;, member for East Sydney Mr. Parker after it had been struck out by that Assembly. He took it to be inconsistent with the position, we occupied undemocratic community ;- soon Sistent with the principles of manhood suffrage and vote by ballot, to give any body of gentlemen, whatever their talent or to whatever institution to 01 might belong, the right of sending momb'M to that House to topics other). He might be trained, That he was sent into that House by some people as their sp«' ml representative. But he was one of the rope sureties of one of the largest constituencies in the colony, no " 4's aware that the Universities of England were represented in Parliament. Hut no instance ionia but pointed out where one hundred men were allowed to return a representative. The Oxford and Cambridge numbers represented fOOD and 5000 tests lively. But whether their numbers "wore large or pumII was no agreement as to the justice or injustice of the p'0''todmg. Iio questioned whether, with j ship extended privileges the people of England had had granted them during the last decade. they w and now on for the privilege Ttpi who of institutions, [Mr PARKES: The privilege was conferred upon the Lord n University only 8' yen years ago J He did not see how the of inferring of such a privilege upon those who had been in ky | enough to be the lions of gentlemen who i could j afford to give them a University education, would advance the educationalists rests of this c us try. He know from experience that the gentlemen I aspirants Parliament to r present the English Universities I were sent in by name they stippoiloJjlort note which the people of this country had" long i incessant fire of a ghost. I j Th. were generally found to be acting upon trust the c friction between Church and State, and to be unfavour- able to extending political privileges to The niales, i Suppose the Sydney University seat in a representative I to-morrow would no indu near the deliberations of that House to any co.i-il"rable<x out? that assistance would 1 notions be valuable on questions involving a technical I i knowledge. But for the purpose of extending (the p i liberals of the people, or g visit them better I educational qualifications, he did not see what I use such a ripe 8 native word he. If hon member'" I , wished to have shown to them the spirit which would I | animate those, who are entitled to vote, they could not have I , hurt a I other illustration than that which was presented the other day, when they had a meeting for the purpose of a i takings of consideration a candidate. A more disgraceful I j 'thing in a mile dim with electioneering in this country I I never took place e. Those gentlemen locked themselves up in a hole and corner manner, in it they found the world I should know what, it may did. and excluded the reporters of a I the Pr as. If they had laboured d for month's to show a i their unfitness to make such a privilege as that which had been confer red upon them, they could not bind i shown it more forcibly than they did on that occasion. It j ghoul 1 borne in mind that in pro portion to the edu- a it may benefit the University had conferred upon the country, it had lost very In lo sums of money?. Nor. that he wished "I deprecate, the existence of such an institution. i i but it should be borne in mind that, the ii.siitwiun Mas lit. ' yet in its infancy. and that the of peritonitis afforded it of I spreading i duration over the country had been skirmish I > limited TI . fail to see with what institute is use and the country c nil In a-kt d t. drive these gentlemen, thus,. IHO night, it seems r. He was aware that hon. members who regard me h him laid themselves open to the accusation that they were doing something to damp the educational ardour of this country : but he denied the justice of any such insinuation said he had yet to be tra that by go near these gentle men in many b in the House who is -suggest ed action would be operate unfairly on the land. They had had no benefit of a high education, which gave them a chance superior to 1 p chances of other men in plodding: through the world, and if they could not retreat a member in this I Assembly, sent specially to represent them as a class are the ed station they had re- e ved " ft. to make their mark in the colony. it certainly did not so. as much for their tin a ' line. Giving the University a member was not the way to I give the University ft status, or to make it popular. In order to insinuate it into the affections of the people and make it a matter institution, those having the innings in nt of its affairs must remove the restrictions which now 1 su rescinded it. Holding the views he did he would, with j out thing in the time of the House any further, move the second reading of the bill. The House divided on the motion with the following result : - I 1 Ayes, 14, Sir. Robertson Mr. Burley (Hear.) Mr. T. Dangar McElhone Pmer say TI Bnwn Jacob N Cameron 1 I Wisdom Mncwtssh Fitzpatrick ( Hoskins Bczimtt Tellers. Noes, 18. Mr. Stuart Mr. Lloyd Mr. Charles Larger W. C. Browne Davies Garrett R. . Smith Lynch Piddington Sutherland V. uttor titbits Nooih F Suttor 1-,"",,_ Parkes Terry Hill J Tellers. The question was therefore resolved in the negative. The order of the day was then dis- firmed for the paper and the h li was with 'wn. EVIDENCE FURTHER AMENDMENT BILL T .e permit from the minutes of the H ha* House on the Ev deep Further Amendment Bill, w s adopted. RAILWAY FROM WALLERAWANG TO MUDGEE Mr DA VIES, for Mr. Goold moved that the order of the day risIng to (the railway from Wallerawang to Mudgee e, to discharged. Mr. R B. SMI I U ns'^ol whether the Government intended to soon with the loan estimates. Mr ROBERTSON hesitated to give the information, and Mr. SPEAKER said he did not see that the question was relevant. The order of the day was discharged. RESERVE AT RUSHCUTTER BAY. On the motion of Mr. MACINTOSH, the Cause went into committee to consider the petition from residents in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, presented on the 16th Mar- inst, respecting a public reserve in the neighbourhood of Rushcutter Bay. Mr. MACINTOSH said that the petition was signed by a large number of people resident about Rushcutter Bay land The! petition represented that on he southern side of the Lower South Head Road above Rudieu'tpr Bay, there was an area of low flat land about five acres in intent ; which, though subject to floods, had been 1st for market gardens and was now advertised to be let for our sins purposes, and that if the land were a reserved from b building: purposes if might be c Lovett d into a very ornamental Park A public reserve was much wanted in the cavity, and the circumstances at the present time were more favourable to the formation of ft worse than they cv r ing in would be. He moved "That in the opinion of the Comm tt'O a portion of land situated on the southern side of the South Head Road, Km-h'-nUPi Bay, should be purchased and -at a art as a ouMi t recreation reserve " M'. GARRETI'said thstthosum of £5000 was voted by Parliament for the purpose of reclaiming land at Rush cutter Bay, on the northern side of the road. A per son numerously signed was p wanted to the Government grav- ing for the reclamation of that land, with a view to having it set a art as a recreation ground. The proposal of the hon. m- also, was of a different transfer. It would notes state the purchase of a great deal of private- poverty He thought it would be better for then hon, member t> w threw 1rs proposition and I have the matter in the hands of the Government who had shown a desire 11 per wide a re renting ground in the part of the suburbs referred to. The motion was coat ved qn division b is to 12. SALE OF COLONIAL wINES REGULATION ACT REPEAL MILl On the root son of Mr. J ACO B the House went into Com- mittee to can 'under the amendments made by the Legis- a Five ''council in this bill. The amendments in the title, the preamble, and the first class 3 were agreed to, excepting that in clause 1. t p words " to take effect respectively on the first day of June next," inserted by the Council, were omitted. The omission m of clause 2 was agreed to. In the new v anse standing in the place of clause 2, the words " as of the said first day of Jon' " Were Binnie'. Mr AOOB n> visited the insertion of words making the license fee £3 mate 'd of 61 | Mr. W. H. U I' TOR said the present Act said that the forth nib! bo £1, and that had not been altered by the Legislative fliMintil Mr. M BURNS was of opinion that it was quite competent for the H '«so to ruin and the men if they though' fit. Mr STU iRl' said the bill is it recruits,-. stood did deal with this point. It was originally in repealing Act but the Council had to ride it on amending Act. He thought the l fee could be iimi'iidp.l. Mr. PtDniNGTON said the bill had been so much intimated that very 'little of the original bill tenant!. Mr ORlV R said there was a difficulty in the way throughly the alterations that had been made This certainly did mine's" ii oblige up in the paper: and he thought it should be at others"! in a omm fee or it would not of moved. Mr. JAC to withdraw the amendment and moved that the new clause be listened to. which was carried. Clause 3.-.' Fours and offset of licence." Mr. JACOB in 'and that In new clause 3 he agreed to. Mr. F. B. SUTTOR leirioLtpil to see that t qs clause allowed wine to be consumed on the premises. He knew of many instances wh Firemen had remained on the spree. ' as it was called, at these phe s for weeks at a time. He 1 ahead in n this as the most ohio-tio'i'iblo testing in the whole bill, and would suggest the omission of the words which permitted wine to be drunk on the promise-. Mr. BURNS trusted the House would not consent to alter this 11 rule. The ''ill made the first section of these wine shops very strict indeed and very properly so. There were many places in the- colony where it was a great accommo- dot on to obtain a g act of pure wine It was a fact that those who are mired a tas e for pure colonial wine did not care for the ng drinks. Seeing that such provision was, made for close in person for the punishment of offences, j and for inquiry into the characters of persons applying for Iii cases. he did not age any objection to all owing wines to be said upon the premises He believed that with the vestry it was placed upon the people e those would not be much abuse of the privilege of selling even at wine. The evil of the old system was that any person rouH got a license by paying laid many Europe persons thus obtained licenses, and turned their wine shops into shanties for selling grog. He should prefer to see the oWiue remain as it was. Mr. DAY recommended the hon. member for Bathurst not to press his an amendment, or it would require the following clause to be altered. The clause was put and agreed to Mr. JACOB moved that the committee disagree with clause 4, translating persons under a penalty from remain- ing for two hours drinking on any licensed premises. He the light this was too stringent. They ought not to prohibit a person from remaining for his enjoyment on premises if he conducted himself properly. Besides the clause could be evaded by a person going out of the house, for a few minutes and returning. a ... The cause of. the clans? was agreed to. Mr. 1>AY moved an amendment on clause 5, to the effect that 31 per cent. of proof spirit should be the limit of I strength of liquor or wine, and in licensed wine shops in- I jsieaO. of' 25' per cent., as was pro aided in the clause. Unless I this amendment were Kg end 10, the 1 effect of the bill would be toprohib t the whole of tho Albury wine for sale, as it was stronger than '6 per cent. The amendment was agreed that the 1 Russia's amended, was passed. Mr. BURNS moved the omission of the concluding paragraph furn clans' G, providing that persons found intoxicated on premises should be pained to have Ikco thinking of 0 0 unlawfully, Innocent pertQBB might be implicated by such a provision. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause, as amended, was ousted. The remaining nmonrhnents of the Council were agreed to. The House resumed, and the Chairman reported that the e minister had agreed d to me amen Imenfes. disagreed with a smile, and amended ? the amenohiients of the Legislative Council. The latest re-adopted. I Attention was are to the state of the House, and a ! quorum was not mind. FIRE BRIGADES' BILL. Mr PARKES moved to 0 adoption of the report of the Committee of the W h lo on the Fire Deslandes B 1). Mr. DRIVER opposed the motion and said he should oppose the 1 will be the utmost. The offer t of the passing of this hill w used by the disbanding of the volunteer fire companies. In face of that, he thought, the House ought to pause here-" it legislate d for the his visit of a few wealthy not piuS. On each occasion that 0 in a surety presented it felt ha s could recording vote 1 against he bill. Mr. DIBBS admitted that the volunteer firemen were deporting of every praise for their patriotism. And if it were hue that they would disband themselves if this bill passed, there w as a simple remedy. The lion. mercer for Windsor truth, into a case which would confer upon the volunteer firemen power to elect their own Superintend- dent But 11 is bill where suited in 01 dear but the firemen of SYdney might be placed under better discipline. Mr öU'inERL^NU said this hill was aiming a blow at the v fund 01 five companies At present the 0 was I competing in between the volunteers and the brigade; and that had operated to the ely extinction of one. The small premium that was given to the engine first of a Ire [ had done much to ensure a speedy extinction of the. first effect of passing such a I ayr as was proposed now, in America had removed come relation between the various- fire companies. The brigades to to were now all paid and the consequence was, long-boat was manifested, and fires had become ten days wiser and more desire five thin beer'. And to come nearer li me, no might want, to similar Tree's that had followed the passing of such a law in the neil li- housing colony of Victoria. He admitted that the brigade and c improves wMirod a head to direct them. But this bill did not pr v de 'or that went. And, if passed it would double the risk, and double the month, 0 premiums. Mr. MACINTOSH and he was altogether against the pr cipal of the li Fund therefore against' the adoption of tbisrono'r. The answer given by this hill should be given to a board of works and not to the fire can ames. The matter r old he posts, ned till next session when the G vernment could boconpellol bring in 1911 to deal with the subject property. The bill now before the House gave the- reason the power of the issuance companies and not 1 no third of the property in the day was insured. He five that the debate be adjourned for a' night Mr. STUART intended to vote for the adoption of the report. The bill was a good one and likely to confer a benefit on the city. No doubt there was very large powers given in the bill, but it was the absence of those powers which li d crowd much destruction when fires occurred He did not undervalue he volunteer fire brigades, ' but it could not be denied that great evils had less aid from a want of oresoi/ntton. He thought the clause referring to the pulling down of houses to stop the ingress of fires was one of the best features of their. TI e less through the long., being valued d own w did not fall upon the owner, and the chair <s were that if the h< use were not pulled down it would be turned down Responsibility must be placed in the hands of some one in I at the to be of a fire there would not be an opp unit) of calling a meeting of a Metropolitan Board of Works or the Municipal Council It must be placed in the hands of some p Ron competent to judge at nee, and who could be better hit d for judging than the officer in charge of the privations? Mr. PARKED expressed his surprise at the sort of opposition offered against this bill The whole bill aimed at t'Uttina- the fire brigades that comes under a more efficient management'. and! at sewing 1 more permanent pi case in support to the" of gaunt ing. Every one in "four of discipline. order. and all the action must so, that some measure of this kind whs ah o'ntely necess. ry. Heiould conceive of no better area fiction than the one mop se ' always p ensuring that the Executive Government would ask for its duty, and -on in the most: impotent o Rees He said not see any valid ground fo-th-obi«étions that had been taken. There was a thing in the bill I ? mainly 'ho Mippos t on that the insurance) companies would have an undue mile nov Mr. DAVIES said that one of his objections to this bill was that give extraordinary powers to the superin- | tendent.' Another was that no provision was made for compensating those persons whose property might have to be destroyed in order to prevent the spread of fire At the present time the wife six or seven volunteer fro 1 brigades numbering '300 men, and he believed fitting bill Would have the elect of disbanding them. The bill | contained several other niceties. He mended to vote for the motion of the hon. member (Mr Mason task). Mr. CHARLES said he should vote for the bill, and against the amendment, for the reason that he had witnessed sureness firesheioinSydney'h'tp'ovedtheneces^iti for some central authority. He had seen a minna) entire brought to bear, and when a more powerful engine was bought forward, the first refused to give way. in London and other large cities they had general sdviorintenden 4. and there have been no increase in fires in consequence. The increase that had been alluded to in America as ,fb from the clause in the vote river system. It had been said that the adoption of a general superintend it would destroy the volunteer system here, but on what grounds he was unable to keep. [A ton alienated to the state of the Horse. and a floral formed] The power to put down houses he thought one of the most necessary features of the bill. He had seen in America houses pulled down, and whole streets caused ther by. In b-ltovid'h's Wil w, used have the good effect of s'i"iula';nir . come to insure. He also thought it was necessary that the s irrr'ntondent should have the entre' over the water supply at a fire. Mr. FITZPATRICK was not satisfied with the present hill, although far from satisfied with the present able -f things. This hill in some respects would do what ought' be done, He did not object to our recent brigades. but simply to the heart of headship. (bore was always a danger where there was no ''end authority. When there arose s depute a house might be burned down while I they 'were arguing. the power to be given to some authority (o'Vtioy "no house to weathers was unecessary ¡ authority. So far he siniiinthi-ed with the arguments of the hon member, but others he was not satisfied with is the hill. We rely almost wholly of the value e r brigades, and he thought it would he unwise to stamp them at, which he thought the second clause of filly He would'. say we had the answer he" co Brownies who at con- siderable 'expense had organised their brigades and procured . means and appliances Pireo h then set to a fire everything ? passes away from them and bad ones tosnmpbn'y else as regards the purpose" of extinguishing. the fire. No h dy of men in the world would submit to that. Then this bill ? r sides that all damage caused by Abe "Petition of the authority so incurred shall be done I obedience done by fire . So, of a man who to wag called ''on and he was not insured, he would have on remedy whatever. their- value in such as that would never ' as his of spirit The ship'' a that IpgtslaHon, in his opinion, ought to take W'iRthis: He ' mild s avail himself of Hip volante-r/dement, and he « our ' put it s nwnhitnti the basis of the Naval B again. He would introduces the" element of compe- | till it without which the whole thing would fail. Thos. brigades should be used is one of their skin every up they were called out iinltinpiated, and a. considerable p annum should be given to the on one or both first on these t They should be all responsible to some register heal. Whichever command O' <n? no was held in the street, the ^uociinNndont of that should have '-changed, but if h senior on ne on in- senna ho ah and take charge immediately 'I hear men would submit to the said city of such a heat, in u-h'senppointmint they would perhaps have a voice The expenses should be chargeable on the insurance companies. The motion for the adjournment of the debate was put, and agreed t on dñ si n nv 11 to 11 ( NEVELL'S MEANING BILL. On the motion "of Mr FARNELL. the House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, for the con- adoration of the Lf'gi'l'ifñn C council's amendments in this bill). Mr. FARNELL moved that (the committee agree to the LoüM tive Conni it's a upndnien<s. Mr. GAIlUBTTsiidit seemed to him that the proviso added by the Legislative C and it would have the effect of a rev near any of noy Iwinir paid to the children during the r minority. However, whether that were Ru or not. it did not touch his objection to the bill, which was as strong as ever. he amendments were agreed to and reported to the H 'U-o. The report was adopted, and it was directed that it be sent to the Legislative Council with the usual message. D»THfTTlSr MARKETS AMENDMENT BILL. The House went into Committee of the Whole for the further consider it in of this hill. Clause I, " C um' it may establish and fix sites for markets, was D'm sed Mr. W. SUTTOR rose to speak when Mr. DRIVER ca d that there could be no discussion, as the committee was in division when the bill was last before them The question "that the (clause as read stand Clause 1 of the bill " was put, and at g and c don division. Ayes, 19; noes, 12. Mr. GARRETT said that as this was the principal clause of the bill he would fas;? time to consider what should be done with the measure He moved that the chairman Isa we the chair, report progress, and ask have to sit again on Friday next. The resolution in agreed to, and reported to the House. USUAL LIMITATION BILL Mr. HURLEY moved that the order of the day for the second reading of this bill be discharged from the paper. He made this motion with a view of introducing the. bill next session. The motion was agreed to, and the order was accordingly discharged. " '" "" r says- , ANIMALS' PROTECTION BILL. On the motion of Mr. ¡f A RN !. LL, the adoption of the deputies ihciiiiiiinitt.eon this bill was no d to. SCENERY SEWERAGE ACT AMK v MENT BILL Mr. CAMES m veil the second reading of this bill' The Sewerage Act old SI I had 1 01 n fear of defeat 6,0 For some time the Main o pal Connell levied rates is under it- but in consequence of an appeal to the Minister Count it was found that they could n 1 enforce those rates Another objection to the (listing Act w,- is raised by the Municipal Council to the ice that it was unequal in its opening. n in other particulars the law was defective There was gienrdisadrnnlapo in timing to prove concerts in even- ra c. This bill would give a high 'honor power to levy a rate upon a 1 Meet cities situated within a given this stage of a tower to the art of Mr. in the past the same as the city into That would give a surplus' of from 5 I (COD to £20 non a y ay. He the right hon. members would admit that the council should have power to levy a enough at". Mt DRIVER tone, not to oppose the bill is to call attention in one or two simple f.. trees in it The line mmViir informed the Home Mint by a decision of the Supreme Court it had been held this trio Corn fruit estate conceive thpfipwciftgp race. 0 dv at 'Asp hurt i,CCQ taken before the Sniirrnie C mil under the Sparrow Act repeals film Minyip v, 't'conod-and in that pup the Corp nation is here said O full, and the rates- were raid by the defendant. The um steam ri'«°rv£>cl for decision was whether the 0\. partition could recover the rates under the At and it was pleaded that they must. A number of persons were taken to the District Court for the ministry. ment of rates, and several objections weirs ruVd, n h "e that the, tale has'! always been improperly love 'd. It was held by the Judge that the prices There was, good. Whether he desired was also done or not he should not pretend to say. that the on n on or the Whilst local! authority in tim c carry, then to tUintr at 'Esher, was obtained, pts d his opinion was that the C o-ro'n'lr.n could legally recover, and that the division of the District Court was an errand his one. Thid'V the existing law the Cnipninfim- was placed at her glen' 'h' advantage owing to an armament that was made in the bill visits it is passing, through the House. on the an action of the hon. member for the funds. < infusion hard best man won a con. four' dead. and the Circulation had heard no late of the, Covnovation were t 'f assisted proposed there should be a complete record of the present Act. He was afraid the bill! now under discussion has not unto the dark For instance, the fourth clause pt rose] to depart from the principle laid down with refer. it to I be levying and recovering of other ships. Tfe h 'Pad the hon. member in chances the ball wood consent town and nd ment in that clause, so that a uniform price of" an engine and recorder <. uM be seen d in rain set in on a "s Mr PIDDINGTON said that the Vn-liiln-nlu d threaten the city tat to 'S in the £. and now it wife of used to double the taxation of the Hay Tie <or>-iin'y thought 'h" questions ought to be p sToried for fuller consideration Ttc A as no objection to vote for the second reading, of the bill bathe thought it required consideration in a 'mile abuse: he therefore fired the adjourn apart 'if the desire for a week. Mt. f*IT7,PATRlCK and it would be home in allow that they were not rather 'be firing by racing in shall. in v were 9!'ntply enabling them t ? tar themselves He could not see the force" of the cb p ton o' her- son. Driver win. and spoke, if the citizens d 8 now desire to he used author Is., for sewer go they had there < easy in their 95th hinds, at d could at any time call upon their representatives to ip nee thee Tis". T'e was afraid that spy postponement would only shelves he hill. Mr. MV ANTONIE supported the War. He had no. doubt that the living word either to ask the State He hoped that the bill was a proviso that the Stp natives could he placed on the city rate notice pup rs Ttr, scored a 'safe staff of officers to serve the rate papers, and it would be a credit coming to -his restorative if the rider could be cheerful on one schedule He hoped the second reading of the of he') could not he i ole sued. Mr. ''MARK IS hoped the debate would not we adjourned. If the Coi pur (inn was in want and sure to that House to bro row, 'I was obliged to: and Sabroan "t capt WAs made to give the Corner I tion what it really wants nine" power '0 collect revenues in proper S sergeant was in "seemed to. He thought the power of certain m in the hands of the Cortiorsti-.n night to be unlimited. feel no' re why when it should be placed upon it' turning over The Cairns themselves would take care to see they were not wanted He should be m-PD-ired to look for any Mil that would "give the 0 provision of libraries power 1st instant 3. That was the d e with regard to the Cnmorarton of Melbourne theatres defect in the working of of our Corporation was that the Corporate n whose suffered toy window A. and had not proper p west of c 11 getting revenue from the ci irons Mr. OH ARL' S S.? W yte for the bill, but reserve to himself the right to redress he amount in equals"? He wasfpio-ed to ei in the On was on nnl!m!,ptl 'lowered policing reserve. heaps" it in lit lead simple pure vases e If nine "n p unfit Psd of a shed There were treated -Mr, FTDDlN-iTOV- <5i»nen»o is pouch], it will be granting "me as much as should be given. Mr'. STUART said, in an.- r t . some christmas that he did not see that this bill Imposed six taxation The original S'wiriiro Act prove e' that a tax should be said and the reason why the tax had not been paid was a stiff duty in a blessing it. " Mr. R H. SMITH was willing, to support the second reading of the bill had he thought that the House should o-, into committee in farm only. and then postpone the further consideration of the measure. The motion for the «d'niirnnient sheaths debate was nears t ved by 27 to 2 he minority «oniviifcmg of Messrs Pid 'rent n and R. B. Smith T 'o m on for the second reading of the bill was then put our names;). and the hill was 'read a second time. Mr. DAVID? moved,-"'1 bathe' Chairman leave the chair, and he H r-s» resolve itself into commit ten to con sidPrthobllin detail. Mr. PIDDINGTON moved as an amendment - "That the House rest he itself in Committee of the Whole on Tuesday net', ah ah would give every ten men b -r cen protest with the ' i v of Sydney up pnorttirnitv of attending the Hoiop ween behalf staff onn'ilfrer). T. R B. SMITH did not think the hon. member's. charge of the bill should Can anything he refused fol- adopt the proposal of the hon. members' the Hawkes bury. There was very little business in the park for Tweedly 1 next. and as the Von. member for Windsor had Pines but that there were sever,' imperfections in the bill it was only oijn"nhlp to rest'' in- the consider it on in estimates Mr. DIBBS? said that as the Home had offer, ed the principle of the hill and thereby given the 2 'p m in a means of getting in' of their financial difficulty-. it was only far that s met me he could be allowed for consider he the VI- Mr DRIVER p ''tired out that the business on Tues day 's paper would eftVe nally i retards this bill from, comes;; on for consider thin ice If the hon. member for East Sydney (Mr. Parkes) consented to "ostio'P the but he might as well give a? le. altogether" He had steered for an amendment which we did meet the object cos he had reformed to The motion to postpone the ronsideraM n of the bill in coin notes till next Tuesday was negative d, on division, hv2,Ui3 The original motion was accepted to. and the House to go yard itself into Committee of the Whole to consider the. bill' in detail. The p gamble was postponed Class 1 "R PRI of certain clauses in the Sydney "aware Act of 1893." Mr. P J D NI TON moved that the chairman leave the chair, report i regrets. and ask leave to sit again on Friday next Mr. DAVIES hoped the hon. member would not press his motion. Mr. PIDDINGTON: Indeed I will Mr R. B S VTITH said after the division that had taken his e he would not press his opposition any further he would throw the responsibility on those who introduced the by Mr. PIDDINGTON said his object in moving the. nrBt. pone Here was fees') manY h n members were union who would like to take part in the debate The bill would enable the Cnrporarhn to fat the citizens to the extent of 50 000 or £30,000 a rear, and he did not think so important a measure want to be proceeded with in their unexpected manner. He only desired to have reasonable time for the co sideration of this bill The motion was put and negatived. Mr. Piddington called for a division, but he" being a one on the side of the ayes, no day is >n could take place. " Olau " I was a need to C auso 2. " Municipal Council may impose rates for iowrasr-'on nil bare 'crags." Wt. PIDDINGTON move! an amendment to fill in. blank, so as to reduce the limit of distance of a building from a public fewer, to be liable to sewerage rates, from 50 to 100 feet. Mr. MACINTOSH moved the addition of the word "fifty" to the wet Je one hundred." \ Mr'. .TDDTNtïTON saw no reason why 150 feet should be selected more than 100 feet. Mr. M'ACI v TOSH said the amendment of Mr. Pid* dinner should exempt nil George-street. Mr. PIiUI'lNGl'f'N altered his amendment to 120 feet Mr. MACINTOSH said this would exempt half the property in Sydney. The" Union defeat of 120 feet was carried, and the clause as amended A was agreed 11 Clune;!. '"Sewerage rates not to exceed one shilling in the pound." Mr PIoniNGTON moved an amendment to make the maximum use Cd., instead of 1s. "I'll" aiiipnctnil nt was negatived on dit tion by 21 to 6. Mr. DA*">.,©< moved that he blank be filled up by the insertion of the w aids .' one shilling." Mr. CHARLES said that the hon. member for East Sydney (Mr leaves) had said that he would nD'ieo to the insertion of "an apple." Mr. \IACiN ''SA said he thought a rate of supine) would be sufrUi ant, and a wire not enough it purse to be, made up by ends went There was no city in the world in which a rate of oz is issuing was imposed. He maintains"! that owing to the amendment already introduced the bill had been rendered valueless To charged one shilling g would pMi really be the to unseating of many properties. Mr. DIBBS said I hat it was merely a dis .retii.nai} power that was pfOD'sed tribe gium othe aldermen. They of and tax the people insist to the extent that was desired. I' seemed to him that the aldermen did not want to tax 'heir proDTiies Mr. PIDDINGTON contended that it would be well not to give the Corporation too extensive powers. [Attention was called to the state of the committee, and a quorum was .t<xmB$.] HebeUoyedtnatf^ipeidermittwouldbriflg.apöa TffH tomatoes wages odfttm as ti»j;*tUmptea te t« $'. RiopU 10 We extent of one shilling With pound. He proposed that the blank be filled by the insertion of the word of' seven' pence " Mr. DRIVER said that there was another motion Already before the committee. The motion that the blank be filled up by the word one i hilling was put and agreed to on division. AyeS 10; press. law The clause was put and carried in division. Ayes, 18; noes, 7. Clause i. " Wilson sewerage r.te'ticnyimouco. Mr. DA VIES moved amendments providing that the rate should be recovered in, the same manner as the city late. The amendments were agreed to. Clattsu o. " Places of public worship exempted from rates." Attention was called to the state of the committee, and ttWienoi being a quorum present, staff fact was reported to the Speaker. 'The House resumed the bell was rung, and a quorum was firing 1. The Ho it-o again went into committee. Clause 5 was the out put and near o II v Clause C. " All public showers am vo<f ed in Council," and 77, " Council may make or alter Sawers," were agreed, to without d -case for division. Clans S. council may require communication with Amelie s. were lo made." Mr. DAVIES moved an amendment to. bring all buildings situated within 100 feet of a public sew car, under the opera tion. of this close. Mr. PIDDINGTON' thought as Iff.) feet had been agreed upon a th . first clause, the distance fixed by the 8th j clubs? should be the same. | The amendment was agreed to on a division of 22 I to a. ! The clause, as amended, was then agreed to. I Clause 9. " Council may do the work mud recover cost." Mr. R B. SMITH moved a verbal amendment,, the snls'itimon of the words over again for '7.? have." He said after o to the state of the committee, and walked out of the Chamber. . he Chairman counted. and found a quorum present. The' a . (almost wit- put , a division was called for, but Mr. Piddington alone voting on the side of the nous, the division coals at been 'order. 'The amendment was therefore agreed to, The remain-' Ing portions of the bill were also agreed to. The H. use resumed, and progress was reported. Mr. ROBERTSON moved,-" That the Home do now adjourn. " The House divided on the motion as follows : A yet, U. Mr. Jones Ison Mr. Gray Mr. hurdles Burns Cameron Mad ntosh On'iott Fit patrick F. Senior R Wisdom Lyn h Bay ( Drii er Kennett [Fathers. Non. 8. Air. Piddington Mr Hunt y of.) Mr. R. B. Smith ) Tem W Suttor UiVtis | Davies Fane 1 [Tellers. The motion was, therefore, carried, and the House adjourn, d at twenty-eight minutes past 11 o'clock until 4 o'clock p.m. an Tuesday. 