; ' MtbYl the closing scene. Within tha sober realm of leafless trees. The ruBset year inhaled the dreamy air ; Like some tanned reaper, in his hour, of ease, When all the fields are looking brown and bare. The gray barns, looking from their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widening into vales, o„nt down the air a greeting to the mills, On the doll thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed and all sounds subdued, The seemed farther and the streams sang low, As in a dream tjie distant woodman hewed His #intor'lb with many h- muffled' blow. Theemb&ttiod; forosta. erewhiile armed with gold, The banned bright ."with every martial hue, fjnw stood iike some sad baateta host of old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. Oh sombre .Wings the vulture tried his flight ; The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint; And like a star, slow drowning in the light, The villAe church vane seemed to pale and faint The Bentinel cock np in the hillside crew — Crew thrife — and all was stiller than before ; Silent, till sbmo replying warden blew His alien horn, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay, within the elm's tall crest, Made garrulous trouble round her unfledged young ; And when the oriole swung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censor swung. When sang the npisy martins ill the eaves, The busy swallows circling over near — Foreboding, as the Ttistio mind believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year. Where every bird that waked the vernal feast Shoolf .the sweat slumber from its wings at morn, To warn the roaper of the rosy East — And now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone,' from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croake i the crow through all the dreary gloom ; Alone the pheasant, drumming in the vale, 131 fTi« rii tn t"hfl cnfctiiM loom. There was ho cud, no bloom upon the bowers, The spiders moved their thin shrouds night by night, The thistle-down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed blowly by— passed noiseless out of sight. Amid nil this, in this most dreary air, And where the woodbine sheds upon the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torch ; Amid all this, the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swjf t wheel, and with her joyous mien Sat like fate and watched the flying thread. She had known sorrow. He had walked with her ; Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen crust, And ih i he dead leaves she still heard the stir Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. While vet her cheek was bright with summer bloom, Her country summoned and she gave her all ; And twice war bowed to her his sable plume — Regave the sword to hang upon the wall. Regave the sword, but not the hand that drew I And struck for liberty the dying blow; Nor him who, to liis sire and country true, j Foil mid the ranks of the invading foe. Long, but not loud, the droning wheel went on, Like that low murmur of a hive at noon ; LoHg, but not loud, the memory of the gone Breathed through her lips a sad and tremulous tone. At last the thread was snapped, her head was bowed ; Life dropped tbe distafl; through her hands serene ; And loving neighbours smoothed her careful shroud, "While death and winter closed the autumn scene. T. B. Read. 