LITERATURE. Literary Notices. Mn. Wells' Joseph and his Brethren is anew form of an old story, and one which places the facts pf the story befpre the reader in a very presentable and rememberable shape. This is the utmost praise we, are able to accord to the work, and this, per- haps, is as much as could be justly given to any ordinary poet engaged in turning a scripture nar- rative into a poetic and dramatic form. Mr. Swin- burne, who has written a preface to the work, pours out praise on it with an unsparing hand, but we confess the praise is scarcely deserved. The author makes altogether too much of the incidents connected with the illicit love of Fotiphar's wife for Joseph, and gives dialogues and descriptions which are wholly imaginary. When we tell our readers that Joaoph and his brethren is sim atised and adorned with imaginary dialogues they will have a clear idea of the nature of the 5oem. The following description of Rachael, oseph's mother, is a favourable specimen of the author's style : " Raohael the beautiful (as she was called) - Despised our mother Leah, for that she Was tender-eyed lean-favour'd, and did lack. The pulpy ripeness swelling the white skin. To sleek proportions beaut''ul and round. With wrinkled joint.» ao frultfnl to the tye. All this ls fair ; and yet v>e know it true That 'neath a pum¡iue breast and snowy side A heart of guile und falsehood ratty be hid. AB well as where t he soil is deeper tinct*. So here w>th this same Rachael was lt found» The dim. blue-laced veins on either brow, ' Neath th« transparent HUin meandering. That with the shvery- leaved lily vied, Her full dark eye, whot.e brightness glistened through The sable lashes, soft as camel hair ; Her slanting head, curv'd li^u the malden moon, And hung with hair luxuriant as a vine And blacker than a storm ; her rounded ear, Turned likea shell upon some golden shore ; Her whispering foot'hat carried allher weight. Nor left, its little pressure on the sand ; Her lips as drowsy puppies, soft and red. Gathering a dew from her escaping breath ; Her voice melodious, mellow, deep, and clear, .. Lingering like sweet music in the ear ; Her neck o'ersof tened like to unsunn'd curd; Her tapering fingers rounded to a point ; The silken softness of her veined hand; Her dimpled knuckles answering to her chin ; And teeth like honeycombs o' the wilderness ; AU these did tend to a bad proof in her, For armed t hus in beauty, she did steal The eyn of Jacob to her proper self, Engross'd his ti mo, und kept him by her side. Casting on Leah indifference and neglect." This book was published half a century ago, when and now when the author's life has run into the sere and yellow leaf, it is re-published, and stands a fair chance of being read. history of Joseph dram Of a totally different order are the poems in the "Epic of Hades," by the author of the Songs of Two Worlds, whó' by this poetic and highly imaginative version of Greek Legends has pr«ved himself to be a true poet. The Epic of Hades has all the elements of poetry in it, and poetry too of a very high type. A few samples will show this more fully to the reader than any- thing we could say. The following is a truly poetic version of the legend of Marsyas, who being de- feated by Apollo in a contest for superiority in mueic,was flayed alive. Our author says : " Bnt upon tho face Of the young Bun-god only haughty «corn Bate, and he swiftly struck his golden lyre, And played the Bong ot Life ; and Io, I knew My strain, how earthy 1 Oh, to hear the young Apollo playing 1 and tho hidden cells And chambers of the universe displayed Before the charmed sound 1 I seemed to float In some enchanted cave, where tho wave dips In from tho sunlit sea, and floods its depths With rottex hues of heaven My soul was rapt ' .. ' By that I heard, and dared to wish no mora . For victory j and yet because the sound Of music that is borne of human breath Comes straighter from the soul than any strain The hand alone can make, therefore I knew, With ti mixed thrill of pity and delight* The nine immortal ßlstors hardly touched By this line strain of imiBic, os by mine, 1 And when the high lay trembled to its close. Billi doubting. Then upon the Sun-god's face There passed a cold proud smile. He swept his lyre Onoe more, then laid it down, and then with voice, " Tho voice of godhead, sang. 0, ecstasy. Oh happiness of him who once has heard Apollo singing I For his ears the souud O? grosser music dies, and all the earth Is full of subtle undertones which chauga Tho listener and transform him. As he sang Of what I know not, but the muslo touched Each chord of being-I felt my secret life Stand open to it, as tho parched earcli yawns To drink the summer rain j and at the call Of those refreshing waters, all my thought Stir from its dark und secret depths, and burst Into sweet, odorous Howers, and from their well« Deep call to deep, und all the mystery . Of all that ls, laid opon. AB he sang, I saw the Nine, with lovely pitying eyes,. Sign ' He has conquered.' Yet I felt no pang Oft'ear, only deop jov that I had heard Suoh IBUBIC while I lived, even though it brought Torture and death. For what were it to lie Sleek, crowned with rosei, drinking vulgar praise. And surfeited with offerings, the dull gift Of ignorant hands, all which I might have known. To tuts diviner failure F Godlike'tis To fall upon the loy ledge, and fall Where other footsteps dare not, So I knew My fate, and it was near, For to a pino They bound me willing, and with cruel stripes Tore me, nnd took my life. Sut from my blood Was born the poets' race, and on its «ow. My poor Iluto, to the cool swift river borne, Floated, und thence adown a lordlier stream Into the deep, wide sea. I do not blame Fhnibu«, or Nature which has sut this bar lieU ixt success and failure, for I Know How far high failure overleaps the bound Of low successes. Only suffering draws Tho inner heart of song and can elicit The perfumas of the soot. 'Twere not enough To (ail, for that were happiness to him Who ever upward looks with reverent eye And seeks but tn admire. Bo, since the race Of bards soars highest; as who seek to show Ourselves as in a glass : therefore it comes That suffering weds with song, from the blind bard, Who solaced his blank darkness with his verse Through all the story of neglect and scorn, Necessity, sheer hunger, early death. Which smite the ranks nf song. Not only those Who hold clear echoes of the VOÍOA divine Are honourable-they are blest, indeed, Whate'er the world has held-but those who hear Some fair faint echóos, though the crowd be deaf, And see the white goda' garments on the hills, Which the crowd sees not, though they moy not find Fit music for their visions they are bleat, Not pitiable. Not from arrogant pride Nor over-boldness fail they wno have striven To tell what they have heard, yet find no volco For such high message. More it is than ease, Palace and pomp, honours and luxuries. To havoseen white Presences upon the hills. To have heard the voices of the Eternal Gods." Apollo, like most of the gods of antiquity, was a bit of a scamp, in fact a low, mean, revengeful, spiteful scoundrel, utterly unworthy of love or reverence. He was not satisfied with his victory over Marsyas in the contest for what would be called in these modern betting days, the champion- ship ; but flayed the poor fellow alive after he had conquered him. Xenophon, in the first book of the Anabasis, mentions the River Marsyas, and says that it flowed through the city Celone and fell into the Moandrus. Here Xenophon tells us that Appollo is said to have flayed Marsyas, having conquered in musical skill, when competing with him, and to have hung up the skin in the cave in which are the sources of the river. It is probable that the legend was intended to teach that pre- sumption ought to be punished, that is, if it was in- tended to have any kind of mural eignificanc. Some scholars think the fable is merely a mythological account of the contest betwean two sty les of music the citharsedic pertaining to the worship of Apollo, and the auloedic connected with the worship of the Phrygian Cybele. The height to which a rivalry between different musical schools might rise in those ancient times may be imagined if we con- sider what took place i» Paris close upon our own time, wheu Gluck and Picini divided the musical world between them, and each had their respective and almost furious advocates in every cultivated French household. The meaning which our uthor gives to the fable, we need not point out as it will he perceived by our readers -*n the last paragraph of the extract we have given. Our author regards all the Greek legends as illustrations of human life. The passage in which he developes his views on this point is very fine. He tells us that " But as I went Across the lightening fields, upon a bank I saw a single snowdrop shake, and bring Promise of spring ; and keeping my ola thought In the old fair Hellenic vesture dressed I felt myself a ghost, and seemed to be Kow fair Adonis hastening to the arms Of his lost love-now sad Persephone Restored to mother-earth-or that high shade Orpheus, who gave up heaven to save his love, An<i is rewarded-or > oung Marsyas, Who spent his youth and life for song, and yet Was happy though in torture-or the fair And dreaming youth whom late I saw, who waits. Hopeful, the unveiling heaven, when he shall see His fair ideal love. Tue birds sang gay : There came a tinkling from the waking fold ; And on thc lill-side, from the cot, a girl Tripped singing with hor pitcher. Ail the sounds And thoughts which still are beautiful-Youth, Song, Dawn, Spring, Renewal-and my soul was glad Of all the freshness, and I felt again The youth and spring-tide of the world, and thought, Which feigned those fair and gracious fantasies. For every dawn that breaks brings a new world. And every budding bosom a new life. Thes- fair t4es, which we know so beautiful, Show only finer than our dves to- day Because their voice was clearer, and they found A sacred bard to slug them. We are pent. Who sing to-day, by all the garnered wealth Of ages of pnst song. We have no more The world to choose from, who, where'er we turn, Tread through old thoughts and fair. Yt>t must we fling We have no choice ; and if more hard the toll In n on, when all is clear, than in the fresh White mists of early morn, yet do we find Achievement its own guerdon, and at last The rounder song of manhood grows more sweet Than the high note of youth. For Youth and Age Nought else divides us from the fresh young days Which men call ancient, seeing that we in turn Shall one day be Time's ancients and inspirai The wiser, higher ruce, which yet shall sing Because to sing is human, and high thought Grows rhythmic ere its close. Nought eue there is But that weird beat of Time, which doth disjoin Hellas and Enaland. How should any hold Those precious Scriptures only old-world tales Of men and monsters in some brainless dream. Coherent, yet unmeaning, linked together By some false skein of song 1 Nay,'tis not so All things and thoughts, both old and new, are writ Upon the unchanging human heart and soul. The weary woman sated with her life, Much loved and yet unloving, pines to day As Helen ; still the poet strives and sings. And hears Apollo's music, and grows dumb. And suffers, yoi is happy ; still the young Fond dreamer seeks his high ideal love, And finds her name ls Death ; still doth the fair And innocent life, bound naked to the rock, Redeem the race ; still the guy tempter goes Aud leaves his victim, stone ; still doth pain bind Men's Bouts in closer links of lovingness, Than Death itself can sever; still tho sight Of too great beauty blinds us, and we lose The sense of earthly splendours, gaining heaven. And always, always, with each soul that comes And goes, comes that fair form which last I saw, Hovering, with golden wings and eyes divine, I Above the bed of birth, the bed of death, Still breathing heavenly airs of deathless love. For while a youth is lost in soaring thought. And while a maid grows Bweet and bcautitul, And while a snrlngtldecoming lights the earth. And while a child, and while a flower ls born, And while ono wrong cries for redress and finds 1 A soul to answer, still the world is young 1" We doubt very much whether the inventors of Greek legends regarded them in this light, By the exercise of a little ingenuity we might spi- ritualise nil the folk-lore of all 'he countrios in tho world. But would this be the light in which such stories were received in ancient times by the great mass of those who heard them P The poet now puts his own meaning on them ; but probably in ancient times they were regarded by the multitude as certainly true, whatever might have been the opinions nf philosophers respecting them. We gladly bring this work under the notice of our readers, because wo are sure that they will find tho poetry of it mellifluous and agreeable, and very superior to much of the poetic rubbish with which the printing press now-a-days afflicts the reading world. 