MACAULAY ANECDOTES. Ah ! (says a writer in ' Harper's Monthly') what chat there must have been at those dinners mentioned in the Macaulay me moirs ! What a party, for instance, was this : " Dined at the club. Dr. Holland in the chair. Lord Lansdowne, Bishop of London, Lord Mahon, Macaulay, Mil man, Yan de Weyer, Lord Carlisle, David Dundas, Lord Harry Yane, and Stafford O'Brien. The bishop talked of the wit of Rowland Hill. One day his chapel, with a thinner attendance than usual, suddenly filled during a shower of rain. He said, (I have often heard tell of religion being used as a cloak, but never before as an umbrella.' In his late life he used to come to chapel in a carriage. He got an anonymous letter rebuking him for this, because it was not the way his heavenly Master travelled. He read the letter from the pulpit, said it was quite true, and that if the writer would come to the vestry afterwards with a saddle and bridle he would ride him home." On another occasion, at a breakfast given by the Bishop of Oxford, Macaulay told a story about one of the French pro phets of the seventeenth century, who came into the Court of Queen's Bench and announced that the Holy Ghost had sent him to command Lord Holt to enter a nolle prosequi. "If," said Lord Holt, " the Holy Ghost had wanted a nolle pro sequi, he would have bid you apply to the Attorney General. The Holy Ghost knows that I cannot enter a nolle prose qui. But there is one thing which I can do ; lean lay a lying knave by the heels,"' and thereupon he committed him to the prison. This, told of Thomas Campbell, is also very neat as illustrating the sentiment with which the authors of old days re garded their publishers. At a literary dinner Campbell asked leave to propose a toast, and gave the health of Napoleon Bonaparte. The war was at its height, and the very mention of Napoleon's name, except in conjunction with some uncom plimentary epithet, was in most cases re garded as an outrage. A storm of groans burst out, and Campbell with difficulty could get a few sentences heard. " Gen tlemen," he said, " you must not mistake me. I admit that the French Emperor is a tyrant. I admit that he is a monster. I admit that he is the sworn foe of our own nation, and, if yon will, of the whole human race. But, gentlemen, we must be just to our great enemy. We must not forget that he once shot a bookseller." j Tha guests, of whom two' out of every three lived by their pens, burst into a roar of laughter, and Campbell sat down in triumph. Lord Holland gave Macaulay an account of a visit which he paid long ago to tho court of Denmark, and of King Christian, the madmsn, who was at last deprived of all real share in the government on ac count of his infirmity. " Such a Tom of Bedlam I never Baw," said Lord Holland. "One day the Neapolitan ambassador came to the levee, and made a profound bow to liis Majesty. His Majesty bowed still lower. The Neapolitan bowed down his head almost to the ground ; when, be hold, the King clapped his hands on his Excellency's shoulders, and jumped over him like a boy playing at leapfrog." AlaB ! what a gymnast was there lost to the world in that lively potentate ! In a foot-note is given this pungent ex tract from Macaulay'a famous article on Barere, in the * Edinburgh Review':— " As soon as he ceases to write trifles, he writes lieB; and such lies! A man who has never been- within the tropics does not know what a thunderstorm means ; a man who has never looked at Niagara has but a faint idea of a cataract; and he who has not read Barere's * Me moirs' may be said not to know what it iB to lie." Macaulay was always willing to accept a friendly challenge to a feat of memory. One day, in the board-room nf>[l|i "Pl'illiHiH Museum, Sir David Duudas saw him hand to Lord Aberdeen a sheet of foolscap co vered with a writing, arranged in three parallel columns down each of the four pages. This document, of which the ink was still wet, proved to be a full list of the senior wranglers at Cambridge, with their dates and colleges, for the hundred years during which the names of-senior wranglers had been recorded in the Uni versity calendar. On another occasion Sir David asked, " Macaulay, do you know your Popes 1" " No," was the answer ; " I always get wroiig among the Innocents." " But can you say your Archbishops of Canterbury ?" "Any fool," said Macaulay, "could say iiis Archbishops of Canterbury back wards and he went off at a score, draw ing breath only once in order to remark on the oddity of there having been both an Archbishop Sancroft and an Archbishop Bancroft, until Sir David stopped him at Cranmer. 