Agriculture at Tenthill. [BY OUR AGRICULTURAL REPORTER.] LEAVING Mr. Hooper's farm on the right and crossing the bridge, a short ride brings the visitor to Mr. Lacy's farm. This is comprised in an area of over 600 acres of the very finest agri- cultural land, well watered by Blackfellow's Creek, and containing also a fine lagoon with a never-failing supply of the purest water. The property is subdivided into two large paddocks —one of 500 acres for pasture, and one of 106 acres mainly devoted to agricultural purposes, and fenced, off into good- sized fields. The culti vation consists principally of lucerne, potatoes, and oats, of which latter crop a large area is now about to be sown. The work was delayed from various causes until now, but from all I could learn it will be in quite soon enough to produce a good crop. A great deal of the lucerne is ready for immediate cutting, and the work was to be proceeded with immediately after my visit. The average crop year by year has been one ton to the acre at a cutting, but on occasions two tons have been got For potatoes the soil cannot be surpassed in the colony. It is of the same nature as Mr.. Hooper's, Mr. Robinson's, Mr. Smith's, and that of other farms in this neighborhood. There is no stiff subsoil, the land' is easily worked, and holds the moisture well in a dry season, whilst in wet weather the water is. almost immediately absorbed in consequence of there being no retentive soil below the surface. In fact it is quite possible to plough the land the day after the heaviest rains, although of course this would not be advisable exoept in case of absolute necessity. Still it is evidence of ths depth of soil. The returns in the potato crop have been seven tons per acre, nearly the whole produce being marketable. Mr. Lacy has just planted about three acres with potatoes, and as there is every prospect of a good shower or two shortly, they will be up in nice time to make vigorous growth. It Is intended to devote, the whole of the farm to the produc tion of hay, for which it is eminently suited! From its elevated position above Blackfellow's Creek it extends for a long distance in a perfectly level plain, where the steam plough, the mow ing machine, and the horserace would meet with no obstacles or inequalities in the surface. From the house the eye roams over eighty acres of cleared land, surrounded by a belt of timber. This level clearing glitters like an emerald in the early morning with the dew drops sparkling on the lucerne which, ready for the mower, dances and waves like the troubled waters af the ocean. On all sides except one may be seen the neigh boring farms lymg stretched out on the level country, and presenting to the view fields of, barley in full ear, oats just gathering, prairie sad other grasses, and dark patches indicating the presence of potatoes as yet not above the surface. As I remarked in a former paper, the scene is too home-like to be easily forgotten. like his neighbors, Mr. Lacy has planted a por tion of his fences with the creeping rose, and the sets are all growing vigorously, the improve ments on the estate are of a more solid and sub stantial character than I have seen anywhere. The houses are of hardwood from blocks to shingles, the fences are of the best and most per manent looking. There is an immense barn near the house, but barn ia not the proper name for it. It is seventy feet long, by eighteen or twenty wide, with a nine-foot skilion running the whole length of one aide. This skillion con tains at one end the drays, buggy, horserace, and the harness room. At the other end are stables for several horses. The main building is divided into barn, store, and additional stables. Water is laid on by means of supply pipes to the houses, barns, and stables. A powerful lift and force pump raises the water from the creek to two 400 gallon tanks elevated on a framework high above the level of the buildings. If neces sary, the whole of the cultivation ground could be irrigated by simply erecting a windmill instead of working the pump by hand. I should not be surprised, seeing the energy that characterises the farmers of Tent Hill, to see irrigation carried out on a large scale here some day. There is every convenience for a system of this kind on all the farms I visited. In the large paddock is the before-mentioned lagoon, the place of resort for countless wild ducks and other water fowL Black swans have frequently been seen sailing majestically over it Besides this lagoon there is a most remarkable freestone gorge running for a short distance. This channel is worn out of the plain, and re sembles in miniature an American cation. The sides are precipitous, and in parts the action of the water on the soft stone has worn perfectly round wells about three feet in diameter. A melancholy accident occurred in one of these dangerous wells. A little boy about eight years old, son of a farmer who was at work on the place, went to paddle about in the water, and accident ally slipped into a well whose steep sides ad mitted of no getting out. The poor lad was not discovered till Mr. Lacy tracked him to the well, and diving down discovered him in a sitting posture at the bottom. I could quite understand from personal observation how easily a man could be drowned here, even although he were a good swimmer. This freestone appears to be of good quality, and it would not be a very great labor to blow out a large quantity and open up a valuable quarry within only one and a-half miles in a direct tine of the railway. The creek has some very fine reaches, where the stream opens out into broad lakes teeming with mullet and cod. We spread the net in the evening and caught several, fine mullet, and a cod in all re spects similar to the Murray cod, so much appre ciated in Victoria and New South Wales. A novel way of getting the net stretched across the lagoon was adopted: A bull mastiff was sent across with a light line round his neck. A boy at the other side received him, and by means, of the line drew the net across. There are num bers of that paradoxical animal, the Ornithoryn chus paradoxus, or duck-billed platypus, in this creek. One of these singular creatures was caught on the morning of my departure by Mr. Dorvall, of Tenthfll farm, in a net I have before mentioned the success which attends orange culture, and in fact the cultivation of all sorts of fruit in this district Mr. Lacy has planted a small orangery which has every appearance of, thriving ; peaches, figs, and vines have also been put in, and the former are in full flower. The orchard is sown down with prairie grass. In the evening I took another lock at Mr. Hooper's, farm. I found a oomplete change in the face .of nature there ainoe my last visit The field of mixed prairie and lucerne had been turned into excellent hay, and the last loads were going into the stack. The barley was being cut for the cattle, and presented an appearance to reioioe the heart oi any farmer. A large breadth of land was under potatoes, and the barn had been emptied of its bursting contents of potatoes which were there a short time ago. The orange trees were laden with their second growth, aid all the weeds bad been harrowed down and, the operation of top-dressing the roots with a good coating of well-rotted manure of the consistency of black soil was going on. The little pony Tom Thumb was fat and contented looking, as if he had come in for his share of the good things going on the farm. ' Next day I took a drive up the creek with Mr. Lacy to have a look at some of the other farms. As far as, we went there were luxuriant farms on either side of the road, all with the same level aspect, all gladdening the eye with heavy crops of the staple products of the districts lucerne, barley, oats, and potatoes. It was quite refreshing to note the absence of the eternal corn from most of the farms, although here and there the unhappy ghosts of departed corn in the shape of dry stalks appeared to mar the rural beauty of the landscape. The agricultural land appears to lie in a fertile valley between two mountain ranges clad with dense scrub. The scrub in some places comes down on either side and almost meets, and again recedes and widens out, affording space for a number of farms on the alluvial bottoms. These scrubs are alive with game : Wonga pigeons, scrub turkeys, and the ubiquitous wallaby and kangaroo swarm in its leafy covers. The walla bies are a source of great annoyance and expense to the settlers higher up the creek, who are compelled to erect paling fences to save their crops from destruction. There is a very fine farm up the creek belonging to Mr. Carrie, who evidently farms his land welL He has a large area of potatoes as yet undug, and I took the liberty in the absence of the proprietor of doing a little "fossicking," to get an idea of the pro bable yield. I should say it would produoe about the same weight per acre as the other farms, viz., seven tons. There are about thirty acres under cultivation here, mainly with oats and potatoes. The former look very well,but the wallabies have managed to find an opening and have done some damage along the headlands. The bandicoots also appear to have a liking for the potatoes, as I noticed innumerable holes scratched where they had attacked the tubers. Mr. Currie is busy clearing another large piece of ground to be put under cultivation. Instead of grubbing the trees he just digs round them and burns them out. They are mostly ironbar k, and having been rung some time ago they are perfectly dry and burn out easily. There are more farms along this creek for several miles, but as they are all much of the same character, with the same crops, it would be pure repetition to describe them. Returning home, we turned off to get a view of Tenthill farm. This is a large property, in fact I believe the largest in the district. The cultivation has as yet barely commenced, but the whole estate is fenced in, and a fine house is built on a commanding emi nence overlooking the creek and surroundibg country. The property belongs to Mr. Darvall and is, I believe, in the market for sale. Having taken a good day round the farms, during which I was more than ever impressed with the great importance of Tenthill as an agri cultural district, I got back to Mr. Lacy's house in time to have a look at the haypress. This is one which was exhibited at the Toowomba Show, and is well adapted for expeditious work. The bales it turns out are small, but this has two advantages. The small bales pack better on the railway trucks, and the dealers like them, as it often happens that their customers want a small quantity of hay, whioh would necessitate cutting a large bale in two. Otherwise I think it would be more to the farmer's advantage to make bales of, say, five or six hundredweight. There are only a few cattle on the farm, and those are all milkers. A flock of long-woolled sheep had been sold shortly before I arrived ; but it is said that sheep do not pay very well, or at anyrate are not so profitable as cattle. In conclusion, I can only reiterate my former statement, that if farming will not pay here it will pay nowhere. 