*--??'?? THE - CONTRIBUTOR ? .i & ? ^':, MEW CMS. \- i t ? ? ? 1 ? By One of TnEir. Thelerm 'new chuni' ia one o! so wide ?and .indefinite an application that, wero I not to narrow its significance after a some what arbitrary fashion, I should find my Self, in endeavoring to portray a few of the chief characteristics of the species, inditing a volume instead of an article. How long tho poor immigrant cater pillar must remain in the dark chrysalis of 'new chumship' before he can be Blip posed to have expanded into the full-blown colonial butterfly ia a question upon which & ' great variety of opinions prevails, even amongst 'old hands' (I uso. the term, not ©pprobriously, but in a perfectly '* parlia mentary' and 'Pickwickian ' sense, to de note the old residents in tho colony).. Somo limit the period to fiva years, the duration of an ordinary ? trade apprenticeship; some, think seven yeara 'the cheese,' whilst; others again, whom we charitably credit With an 'awful experience' of 'new chum ' ignorance and Btupidity, would, like taban, of Biblical celebrity, protract the t date, of, emancipation 'yet other seven.' Leaving these ' highly respectable parties ' \6 iheir opinions, I will briefly explain ; what, for the purposes of tho present ? sketch, I mean by the term. In the .first place,, I restrict its application to the 'new arrival,' who, having landed ?with1 no capital beyond a few pounds, has -hithorto failed in obtaining remunerative employment. J. clo not lntena to reier to 1 the' ' new chum ' of the laboring class, who, 'if he be energetic and pnshing, will very Boon find himself outside tho category of the unemployed. In short, I confine myself to. such. -'new chums' aa have not been inured to manual toil — members of the middle and upper middle class at home, bred up to. professions, mercantile clerkships, or — more commonly still — to nothing at all. In a word, I treat of tho newlyarrivedun » attached-gentleman-imniigrant, who, not withstanding all tho warnings of prudence ? and experience, is constantly being landed — '. and, I am sorry to say, ' stranded ' — upon 'our 'shores. It is his joys and Borrows, Bhifta and troubles, economics and im 'prudences, that 'I sing.' He ia [a much tried, individual, and hio circumstances mako him a meek and unobtrusive one. I there fore owe him an apology for dragging him out of his obscurity into the dazzling light of -?'garish day.' Let him rest assured that I should not have done so had I not hoped '*' to point amoral' aa well as to 'adorn a 7 tale.' After the confinement, the con etraint, and the dreary monotony of- a long sea 'voyage, a reaction in the direction of in dulgence — not to say over-indulgence— is very apt to set in on the part of immigrants on landing. This ia generally so, powerful in the case of the class of 'new chums' to 'which I am referring as to overcome in a moment all those 'righteous and sober' resolutions in which none are more prone to indulge whilst under the influence of those remorse lol setf -introspections which nre sure to' ob- ? Btrude upon tne mental listlesshess and In ^action of a prolonged passage. The ' now chum''ot the 'fast' order Bettlea himself clown at an expensive hotel, devotes his days to the billiard table, his nights to the demimonde. , The crisis of Mb affairs is soon reached. Bung- by. rung he descends the ladder. His funds and his borrowing ^powers, if any, are soon alike exhausted. 'Ho ' pops ' or sells his watch or chain, ditto , the rest of hia available jewellery. ' Article toy article his clothes follow, till mine host, seeing how matters stand with him, and dis trusting the security of his attenuated ward: f^xobe, gives him a broad hint to quit, This hint, however loath, he is compelled to take, and 'packs' accordingly — not his luggago, :.that is non „ est— but . himself. Thrown penniless upon the world, ho drops at once to a level with the ordinary local pauper 'loafer, who, however, has this great advan. ' tage over him, that he thoroughly knows his ground, has had a large experience in the *' cadging art,' and, though, like our 'new chum' friend, he 'cannot,' or will not, ' ''$£-' unlike the former, 'to beg is not ashamed.' The early colonial career of the 'new chum' of the 'steady going 'type, nnless ho bo . gifted with the rare r. prudence of at ; once accommodating ? ' himself to hia new position, ; and ; settling down without delay to cheap ? quartera and strict economies, though less blameable, is scarcely less felicitous in its. practical results than that of his 'faster' confrere. He, too, though far too proper to go 'upon the burst,' must have 'a few litUo indulgences ' after his long abstinence. jnuBt take up his quarters at a comfortable hotel and enjoy a short 'spell' before, as Jip elegantly and expressively phrases it, *' buckling to.' That' word 'spell' ia a c¥ery Bhort word, a very easy word, a very ? Innocent sounding word, but, aa used in Mr. :MS$cady-going'a » vocabulary,, it ia also a ? very comprehensive word, and; par conse quence, a very expensivo word. It includes sfll manner of good living, good liquor —without excess, you understand— .any amount of theatre- going, Bight-seeing -ad Uoitum, LanBoms unlimited, luncheons 'quite regardless,' drives into tho country ?idea into tho buah, a 'run' over to Bal ?larat, visits to 'tho ehip,' 'nobbicra wood,' and a host of other ihinga too numerous to mention. The result is that Mr. ' Steadygoing' is almost aa soon upon his 'beam ends'* (that lost remnant of my 'new chumship,' the affectation of nautical phraseology, still clings to me, I see) aa his more frolicsomo brother, Mr. 'Fast.' He ia, however, somewhat wiser in hia genera tion. Ho clings io his watch, his etceteras, his portmanteau, hia boxes, especially that big one which contains his dress suit, his whito ties, hia whito kids, his patent pumps, his silk waist coats, his shiny bluo eurtout, his twenty- fivo whito linen shirts — all marked — to tho last. As soon an he considers that the amount of hi3 account is about coincident witli tho ex tent of his resources, ho calls for his bill, neruses it, pays it, though it exhausts his hnancca to tho last pound, with the non chalant air of a traveller who is passing on to an adjacent and equally luxurious stage, looks out a cheap but respectable lodging, to which ho transfers hia goods by car, as per special bargain. His landlady, to whose inquiring eyes he presents a dazzling vista of well-cut clothes, white, shirt front, gold watch chain, studs, sleevclinks, well- brushed bell-topper, Bpeckless boots, irreproachable 'Gamp,' and, above all, substantial lug gage, thinks, poor silly woman, sho haa landed a prize, and does not dream of insult ing him by presenting her account for a matter of some weeks. This gives him time, as he classically expresses it, to. 'turn round.' He presents his business introduc tions, if he has any, 'looks up 'every un fortunate individual upon whom he has, or imagines he has, any claim, 'puts tho screw' on Mr. This, 'gives the Up' to Mr. That — all with a view to obtaining that employ ment which has now become a matter of ab solute and immediate necessity to him. This sort of work employs hia morning. At ono ho dines, or, as, with a view to some distant suggestion of a 'late' dinner, he will persist in calling it, 'lunches' at a sixpenny restaurant. .Furtively he glido3 in, and left, he slips out. This satisfactorily accomplished, he repairs to hia lodgings, has a rest, a wash and a 'brush up, and turns out just in time to take his phrfc in 'doing the block,' a duty which ho re ligiously discharges every afternoon. He feele, to be sure, that he ia a sort of 'ghost at the feast,' a kind of 'ono too many,' an interloper, almost an impostor, for aro not his fine feathers tantamount to a false ad vertisement of a full exchequer? Still, ho thinks it best 'on principle,' and 'as a matter of business' to 'do the respectable,' and very efficiently he does it. Mark his brisk air, his weUvissrimed. ' expression of easy self satisfaction, his light, jaunty step. See how naturally he 'coins his cheeks to smiles,' which are simply the products of will, and have no origin in a heart which conld find its only adequate expression in a ' language, of sighs,' and you will cease to wonder.at that.hackneyed Spartan boy who smiled whilst the fox beneath his cloak gnawed at his. vitals. By six the farce is over, and 'our friend retires to his three penny coffee, with bread and bntttr ad lib., which in hia enso indicates at least sixpenny worth of butter, almost a whole loaf of bread, an hour and a half's free sitting room, and the monopoly for that period of half-a-dozen newspapers. It is now time for. him to be again ' upon the streets,' or perhaps he turns into tho library ' for a change.' His stay {here will, however, not belong, as, with a mind ill at ease, he will in all ' probability find it impossible to settle down to steady reading, ana to sit and think would be still more in tolerable. Ho will therefore soon return to his old task of pacing Bourke and Collins streets, varying the dull round with an occasional trip to the arcades, or the Hobson's Bay .Railway Station. Not until his walk has degenerated through jheer fatigue into a toddle will ho turn ius 'steps homeward, and find repose— and lie will be lucky if he always find it — in slumber.' Such is a sample of his day. If he be thoroughly j determined, and, putting aside false delicacy, : pfess bis claims, in season and out of season' .(and nowhere will he meet with more courteous treatment than in Melbourne business circles), he will in all probability f he fail, nothing can very, long avert the catastrophe of his respectability, or prevent hia sinking to the level of the more reckless gentleman whose descent to pauperism I have already depicted.' ' Fallen, fallen from his high estate.' Little by little his paraphernalia drops away. He is to be: seen nightly hovering round the pawnshop, which it costs him, I know not, what '? pangs of. agonising prida' to enter. First go the small things, then ho begins to deal in huge newspaper bundles, and you may know the end is near. His, embarrassed air in demanding an 'advance,' and the. ex- pression of mute misery with which he awaits the shopman's decision) aro all against him. They tell of the rudd pressure of abso lute necessity, and encourago -that experi. enoed functionary to drive a doubly hard bargain with him. His clothes ho is told are not of the colonial cut, and will be 'moth eaten to pieces' before they, are got rid of. Then, after a feint of not taking in his pro-; perty upon any terms, the poor .'new chum', is offered about a tithe' of what he has asked; on them. .This he is fain to accept, but saves his pride by muttering somotliing about ' not caring to carry them back homo with him that night,' and about 'coming to-morrow and taking them out Again, as he cannot afford to let. them go at that price.' JBut, as he himself knows, and as the wily .broker easily divines, there is very little likelihood that to-morrow— that ' rare and luxurious' to-morrow— will ever come. But the poor lie preserves his Belt -respoct, or ho thinks it does, which is about tho same thing. ..?-.!?? (To le continued.) 