MAROUS. .WAS LAN" , OR STaz LONGs Moss SPRINO. & ·?oaY OF THRLLOtINO INCzDnNTr IN . OUTH AM.RICA.. :.-':.3, *5 Amerlicn AuthLore5. -: : . CHAPtER XI. yeo.-esut I follow--fer fleet is my steed. Ihe: winegs of the wind scares outstrippting its sU?", WVith the eye of the eagle thy covert I'll ken, I fear not thy strengthl, nor thy strong merry men. s.'on.- ,-.ares arrived at Hickory Hill, and allfihe?liadows that had b~etigathering over it seemed to flee before the sunshine o.f Isispresence. To the blsok as well -s the white, it was a jubilee, for Marcue was a fitvUritre of all, and Milly, as she looked upon him wish the signet of man hood on his brow, felt as if the ancient hncours of their house were all restored in him. She was elated too by the proopeots of her young and loving nature, had not been oble to conceal the secret of her heast. When she had read to her passages from her brother's lgttors, Milly's shrewd eye could some times detect another letter partially concealed in the throbbing bosom, whose pulsations at hurried, and she overheard Marcus telling his sister that he wats coming very soon. "and now," muttered filly to her self, while she busied herself with the work, " Miss Katy will soon ridosins her carriage, just as mistress utod to do'fore ole master wasted all- his money and 'sessions. Young master, that diss aKaty Idoes, got a hleap of property,.I knows, snd Milly will live with her young nis-( trees, and wait on her, and nues her ehildor may-be, as she did lher, for childer are like olive plants, all polished in the corner, as good ole'Simon used ta say." . But Katy thought not of fine carriages or-fine houses. She ihought- only:'bf the generous leart given in exchange for her own. She was happy in the consciousness of being beloved and-of loving. Were Dolasal poor. with nothingbut a log cabin to offer her, she would have felt equally happy' perhaps more so, for in her lowly self estimate gratitude was as strong as her love. For different was she from Marcos. The contrast it their eharacters was visible in their countenaences. While her gentle, modest glannce,- usually sought the grosend, his, with etigle ambition, was naturally lifted towvardls the eun. He felt no gratitude to Flnronce, because she being an Iheiress loved him for himself alone. It' was not the heiress he loved, but the being, all heart and soul ; and the mere aoeidont of her wealth weigleed nothing in the estimation of her worth. Were he master of millions, he would not he elevated in his own opinion; were he utterly destitute, he would not be degraded. When a boy, he had learned to separate himself from outward con ditions; to look upon himself as a God endowed, though man-neglected child. He had felt more proud of Iis heaven born riches, when he wove his osier baskets, by the blace of a light Wood knot, than when the garland was cast at his feet mid the plaudits of an admir. ing audience. With the promptitude and energy that marked his character, he rosohred to take immediate measures for the discovery and apprehension of the traitorous and fugutivo Arnold. He saw the cloud of anxiety on the usually -erene brow of Mr. Bellamy, and he rejoiced to think that he might be the instrument to disperse it. Wait I No, that was impossible. He was no longer a-boy to care for holiday pleasures He was a man, ready; to fulfil mntlhood's duties. And then, had he not his own vineyard to cultivate, his power to build? He had marked out his sork, and he had not only the mind to coesieve, but the spirit to sustain, and the hand to execute. With indefatigable zeal he collected all the documents necessary to invest him as agent plenipotentiary for his benefactor. He visited the most distuidguished lawyers, edtaincd powver Sfljudicial advice, and made himself master of thesubject in all its hearings andrelations He lead a certainty that Arnold had direoted his course to Texas, then the place towards whieh the eyes of outlaws nod criminals were turned as the orb of hope aad promise. He had heard of several farmers who hlad sold their plantations, believing they had exhausted the riches of the soil, and removed to the luxuriant, and as yet unsultivattd lands fertilized by the watorsof the 'Colorado. To Texas he determined to bend his course, and when everything was prepared, one fine, bright morning, mounted on a spirited horse, with well filled valise strapped on behind hint, and an ample supply of money about his person, he commenced his expedition. The ferryman's cabin lay right in his path, and Mnarcus was not sorry to visit once more the seerce of the stern diseiplino of his hoyhood. ,Onoe more the sweet mermuring voice of tltc Long Moss Spring welcomed him to its marrgih. Once more the splendid leaved nagnolin swept its boughs over his head, while ibs magniliieint blossoms .usfolded their waxen pestals to the air, nod perfumed it with their odours. The feathery moss still curled over the bed of the fountain, green in the aunshine, bluo in the shale; and pure and white gleamed the rocks through thle clca-, gurgling waters. As Mlarcus guzed around with that fulness of heort this -cene ever caoused, he beheld, not far from the spot where he stooed, resound, overed with grassy turf, of tlhat peereliar oblong form which indicates ties last recting-plsae of man. i-Ic remembered his friend, the aged Simon, whom two years before he hlad seen bonding over tihe fountailn's edge, atd Ice was eclre he was slumbetring in that quiet bhel. i RChilo he stood wvith pensive lerow and oldcd ames, loosiheg down on the grceu nr,,rd, the ferrytiman's wito, tho san.e woman who had lent him the blanket, and assisted in ferryipg the boat over the moon.lighted waves, approached the fountain, with a-woo~lde'h bket, poised in the. African style, on her uncovered head. She started at the sudden appari titn, but soon recognised the' handsome youthW?ho had partaken of herhospitality before. After having greeted her with his woated coratesy, he questioned her about his old African friend, and learned that he indeed slept his last sleep near the murmurs of the fountain, whose miusio had so often soothed his aged ears. He was found dead by tha side of the spring, with his face turned towards the waving moss, as if his soul went floating down the silver current into the neigh bouring river, and thence into the great ocean of eternity. It had been his reiterated request to beinterred near the spot, and the scene of death became the place of his burial. " I didn't mind it at first." said the woman, for I didn't know how lonely it would make the place seem But now, when I come down at night for water, I dare not look on that grave, nod yet I see it all the time. I hurry back as fast as I can, and then I hear old Simon hobbling behind me all the way." "Poor old Simon I' exolaimed Marcus, with gliatening eyes. " You need have no fears of him. He was a true-hearted Christian As cure as there is a heaven, where suffering man finds rest, he has ;ound admittance there He is no rest less ghost.to inspire terror in those he has left behind." S" Some tiine before lie died," slid tlhe ferrynan's. wife, " he gave me a little packet, wrapped in buckstin, sewed up tightly all round, which he wanted me to give to you, whenever you came this way, for a woman named Mlilly. I'm glad you've come, for I kind of hated to keep it. Dead folks property is a mighty sacred thing; when it is faitened up so close, too, it seems more particular." TWhile she went to the cabin to get the mysterious packet, Marcus indulged his sincere and heartfelt sorrow over the grave of this friend of his desolate years. How short a time it seemed since he, a mere boy, sat at his side, watching him piel the bark from the smooth willow: with his wrinkled hands, while he drooped luminous texts of socripture into the listening cars of Milly, or sang with growing enthusiasm: "The old ship of Zion, glory, hiillclujah." There was a smooth white stone lying close to the grave, such as formed the basin of tho fountain. It was a soft lime.stone, easily cut. Marcus knelt down, and taking his penknife carved the name of the old soldier on its yield ing surface; then placing it at the heitd of the grave, he pressed the earth againsst it, to prevent it from falling. He felt an irresistible desire to consecrate the spot by some act of memory, some token of human friendship. The ferryman's wife returned while he was engaged in this touching rite of remomberance to the lowly negro, and she thought that. sheoWould never again fear to approach it. In silence she placed the packet in his hand, then, when he turned away, she said,- . " There is a wild rose-bush yonder; if you like I will plant ft by that stone, and I will see that it does not fall. If the moss should grow over it, I will clear it away from the namrie you have cut." " God bless you I" exolaimed Marcus? "you have a feeling heart; I thank you for it. I shall indeed' valoesuch _a service. Yes,"addec ber to himself, as he led his horses toward tbh ferry-boat, which had just reached the "shore, " this woman has native refinement and sensibility. "I am'glad bshe dwells near my beloved spring. There issometbing in its placid, silvery beauty, in its deep continuous music, that creates responsive beauty in the heart that is bathed in it. I never approach it without feeling my immortality. nIy father's soul, after SoiJg through a baptism of fire, here found the river of life Poor old Simon, no doubt, here held communion with the great Invisible, whose image ho beheld in -he far depth of the waters Beautiful fountain of my boyhood 1" continued he, tasting once more hock ward glance, as ho stood on the brink of the river. "M[y being seems cooval with thins; I listen to thy murmurs, and feel as if I had forever heard them sighing, breathing, mingling with my soul; I watch* thee swelling, flowing onword, onward-never weoarying, never pausing; full, exhaustless, deep, and clear; and I fell as if thus my existance had never been ifowing onward, onward, and ever would flow as long as God's eternal days shall last. Ohl I when I have realized the lofty dreams of my embition,-wwhin my spirit has wrestled, and battled, and triumphed in the conflict with the stormy elements of the world, let me come and bathe my thirsty lips in thy sweet tronquicing wave; and when, like tlhe tine-worn African. I lay my head on the olay-eold bosom of our general mother, may thy lone, mysterious accents brcatho forth my requiem, and thy silrer guusings beautify tie place of my repose." Loit in his meditations, ho had not observod that the ferryinan' wvife wae asoitiiL g har husband in urging tile boat ecros thle river. hBut the moment ho became aware of this oireumstacoo, lio grasped the pole, though she laughingly endea oured to retain it. When lie hled landed, sliaken hands with the wolman, iwhoso promise about the rose-bush had raised a sense of gralitudle and respeot in his mind towards eir, iind ascended the 01e00 bonk, lie felt as ifhe aere at thie otarting point of hia journey. IHe girded him. celf a new for the euterprioe, watching, with Indian sagacity, every thiliig thiit could indicate the route of tae fugiti-es. l-e bad made inquiries of thie ferry man, but they had elicited no nifoemation. s he Coeiainuti.) 