THE CITY AND PORT OP JB DP AH. The City and Port of Jeddah. THE port of Jeddah or Djidda, on the western coast of Arabia, of which we furnish an illustration, is interest- ing for several reasons. It is the only port of any con- sequence in the Red Sea, and is the entrepot of traffic between Arabia, Egypt, Abyssinia, and India. It is the port of the sacred city of Mecca, and hence has conti- nual streams of thousands of pilgrims passing through it from all the Mahometan countries of the world, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, including Central Africa and Central Asia. In any probable attack on Mecca, as the Holy City of the MahomebaBB, by, say, a power like Russia, Jeddah would be the first object of the enemy for a basis of operations. When Mahomet Ali, tho grandfather of the present Viceroy of Egypt, pro- claimed his independence of Turkey and seized on Arabia, Jeddah was the first place occupied by him. It suffered a severe bombardment from the hands of the British so late as A. D. 1858, and the occasion was as follows:-The population being fanatical to a degree, and there being a number of Christians resident in their midst, principally Armenians, a massacre was per- petrated in which a considerable number of the latter, several of whom were British subjects, were murdered. This happened on June 15th of the year named. In the month of August following, the town was shelled by theBritish, with destructive effect, and ample satis- faction exacted. Jeddah is situated in latitude 21deg. 28min. 18scc. N*., and longitude 39deg. 13miu. E., on an extensive, low, sandy plain, with hardly any water, with a range of hills ab the back, about ten miles from the sea. Like most Oriental towns, it is enclosed by a wall. It is rectaugular in form, being a little less than a mile in length, by about half a mile in width. There aro two small forts with ten embrasures in oacb, at tho augie» towards the sea, and which command the very indif- ferent port and a portion of the outer roadstead. Tho wall surrounding tho town is built with small towers at intervals, and looks altogether very compact. There aro three entrauces to the town ou the sea- side, of which the centre is tho only ono open to tho public. There is a small jetty or landing-place hero. Thero is a gate ou each of the remaining sides ; tho ono to tho south is seldom opened, that to tho north is common to all, but that to the east, called the Mecca Gate, is re- stricted to Mahomedans only. In the interior, with the exception of one long, well-built street of two storied houses, lined with shops and inns (called khans) for tho pilgrims, and running parallel to tho sea, the town is meanly built. Tho streets aro narrow, irregu- lar, and unpaved. The houses are almost eutirol / com- posed of coral rock, and kept white-washed. Owiusi to the vast crowds of pi lu rims from all parts of the world, thero is generally much sickness in Jeddah, and very often sovere outbreaks of various kinds of epide- mic diseases, such as cholera. There is an exteusive bazaar which is well supplied with meat, fruit, vege- tables, and other articles of consumption. Strangers aro always charged exorbitantly. Tho port has only two paltry quays io accommodate an extensive shipping traffic. Only tho »maller craft can get near the quays, the larger vessels baiug obliged to anchor in the roadstead about two milos frnm tho Bhore, where the anohorago is excellent. Tho importB are from Europe, by way of Egypt- consisting of glass- ware, cutlery, tin, load, copper and otl er metals, Boap, clothes, silks, cottons, &o.; ; from India, of cloths, mus- lins, girdles, raw sugar; from Africa, of ivory, ostrich feathers, muBk, mules, and slaves ; from Egypt, of corn, rico, butter, and Blaves from tho Malayan Archipelago. Tho exports consist of gums, cssances, dru. s, and very largely of coffee. Thero is also a very large coasting traffic along tim Arabiau shores carried on iu tho native 'dhows," consisting of dates, pearls, incense, timber, and drugs. Thore are numerous wealthy mercantile firms with large capitals. As a necessary conséquence there are British, French, and other consuls at Jeddah. But the principal feature ia Jedda is ita pilgrim arri vals and departures. It is estimated that nearly 200,000 pilli rima for Mecca pasB annually through Jeddah. These pilgrims are from nearly every country in Africa and Asia, and the variety of colours and cos- tumes to be seen at one time is amazing. The Babel of tongues resounding everywhere confound tho visitor. Every day one or more vessolß packed with pilgrims almost as close as herrings in a barrel arrive in port, and sena their live cargoes ashore. As they all arrive ! with some money, the fleecing they undergo on shore tends to augment the wealth of the place. After a rest of a few days, the fanatics press on to the Holy City. Every day, and at all hours, large caravans pass tbrough the East or Mecca Gate ; and every day there are return caravans and departures by sea. The popu- lation, consequently, are very fanatical,and were it not for ihe guns of the British fleet, tho place would be unsafe for Christians to live there. On Saturday evening the employees in the traffic department of the New South Walpa Railways cele- brated the twenty-first anniversary of the opening of tho line. The re-union, which had for its object the promotion of personal intimacy and friendly intercourse amongst tho staff, was in every respect a successful one. It was held in the Town Hall, .Redfern, and Messrs. Schroeder, ¡J Parramatta-Btreet, and OrippB, of Jd?itt Btreet, to whom tho catering was entrusted, justly earned great praise for tho admirable banquet they Buccceded in produciug. About 140 sat down, and the whole proceedings wore characterised by the greatest harmony. Mr. D. Scotland officiated as chairman, and it is worthy of remark that the vice-chair was filled by tho guard who accompanied the first train to Parra- matta, Mr. T. Robinson. Tho hon. Minister for Works, who had been invited, explained by lotter of apology that an engagomout out ol' town rendered his presence impossible. The Commissioner, Mr. Rao, waB also unavoidably absent, on account of arrange- ments in connection with a projected trip to Mel- bourne, and by letter communicated his best wishes for tho success of the banquet, alluding in the hi ghost terms to the zeal and efficiency displayed by the railway stall' in tho discharge of their duties Mr. Goodchap, Bccrotary, und Mr. Vernon, traillo manager, were also unable to bo present, the latter on account of BcriouB illness in his family. Ample justice having been done to tho good things provided by Messrs. Schroeder and Cripps, the usual loyal toastH were given by the chairman, followed by that of the evening " The duy wo celebrate"-proponed by tho vice-chair- man in a sensible speech, briefly narrating his experi- ence since tho eventful duy on which that useful publie servant, the iron road, was first placed at the disposal of tho people of New South Wales. Mr. Woodgate, of 1 arramatta, and Mr. Carlisle, of Sydney, responded, and in doing so drew a very favourable contrast between tho time of their entering the service and the present. The chairman then proposed " '1 he hoads of Depart- ments," acknowledging his sense of the courtesy and consideration they were ever ready to bestow cn mem- bers of tho staff. Mr. H. Richardson responded, on their behalf, and alluding to tho increasing import- ance of tho railway as tho medium of communication in the colony, quoted from returns to prove how muoh tho extensions Were effecting in the promotion of the pro duotive powerBnnd settlement of the interior, and con eluded by propoidng, "Success to the Now South Wale1» Railways." Messrs. Bradley, of Boural, and Jacobs, of Sydney, responded in well-chosen terms. Mr. J Harper proposed "The health of tho Ludios,"and 1 he ladies' champion was found iu Mr. M. S. Browne. Thus terminated tho formal businuaH of the evening, and tho gathering assumed a more cocial form, which, wo trust, will servo to promote the purpose of tho committee by increasing the harmony, mutual goodwill and respect, which ia so desirable iu u department such, us tho rail- way.. 