The Storyteller. The Haunted Crust. BY KATHERINE SAUNDERS. CAN'T you remember Jerry Rouse, sir, the little cobbler of Pickersgill? How should you, though? Poor Jerry! I suppose his busy little fingers were stiff and cold in his coffin before you saw the light It was on a Christmas eve, forty yean ago, that that poor little cobbler, who lies in the churchyard yonder, nothing but senseless dust, was a piece of living flosh and blood, suffering and shaking under such a temptation, that if 1 told you what it was, and that he gave way to it, there ore those whu wouldu't let him rest in' peace among their kith and kin,—no, not now, though it's forty years ago ; they'd go and tear his bones out of their grave this very night,—this very instant Now, at the time I'm speaking of, the street running down to the river was the High-street of Piokertgill, and what they call the High-street now was a long, dose court, called Gadshill-in the-Fields. Come, come, Mistress Sicklemore, you're not bo young but you remember that, surely ? And you remember Jerry, now, I'll be bound. Call him to mind,—a little man, know you, a tiny little man, with coal-black eyes and hair, and a pale, sickly, happy little face. Haven't you seen him sitting at the open window of number three, the dirtiest house in the court? Of course you have ; and his black-eyed, ragged little children playing outside. His wife, Nance, was a well-looking body enough in her day, but such a scold, aud such a dirty, muddling kind of woman, that if Jerry hadn't had her, nobody else would. She set her cap at me once, did Nonce; but there t what kind of a cap was it ? so back you wouldn't have picked it up in the street However, Jerry had a kind heart, you know; and seeing how Nano? was getting a longish way on the other side of her teens, and sourer and sourer every day, out of very charity he went to her mother, who was beginning to scout her, and says he,— "Mistress Jessop, will you put in a word for me with Nance f I haven't a farthing till I get paid for heeling these boots in my hand," he says. " I earn my bread from hand to mouth, but I think I could earn Nauce'B too, if she'd be so kind as to say yes." " Do you know what kind of a temper she is V says Nance's mother. " Yes, ma'sm," says Jerry; " but not having much temper myself, I think we might get along very well." '• Do you know she's the dirtiest thing about a house that ever was ?" "That, ma'am," says Jerry, "is the chief con sideration ; I know there's not another woman in Pickeragill would put up with my ways in that respect, for I can't abide cleaning, ma'am ; wet boards, and the sight of pails of water about, would be the death of me. So, if you see no objections yourself, and Nance 'ud be so very kind, I think, ma'am, as it 'ud be a very happy union." And so it was, in Jerry's opinion; and I suppose he was the best judge, wasn't he? Nance Jessop kept to her part in the agreement, at any rate ; for a dirtier place than Jerry's little house at Gadshill-in-the-Fields, and dirtier children than Jerry's seven, you wouldn't light on iu a month's march. I say seven ; but, now, Jerry's eldest girl was an exception to all the rest. She grew up as fair and clean, in all that dirt, as a flower'H Prow up out of the mould that's nourished it. ve looked at her as I've come through the court many a time, and never been able to get her face from before my eye all dav afterwards. There 'ud be five black-eyed, big-headed little things moping about in the dirt, some inside the door, and some out, while Jerry sat in his window whistling over his work; and there on the doorstep 'ud be little Mercy. I've seen her sitting there a good many times, yet I've never Been the same look on that child's face twice in my life ; she seemed always so different from the others, bo busy in her thoughts. I never saw her play, ever since sbe was out of her mother's arms ; she seemed to do nothing but sit and read, and nurse babies ou the doorstep. Once, when I was having a gossip with Jerry,— who had his ahare of tongue, 1 can tell you, —some boys in the court got teasing little humpbacked Tommy, and Mercy's face got quite fierce as she watched them. She asked Jerry to speak to them two or threo times, but he always said, " 0 Tommy doesn't mind it I" So I went myself aud sent the boys off, and brought back Tommy to where his brothers and sisters wore at play. " Do you think he does mind it, then ?" I said to Mercy. " I don't know," she said with a great Bigh. " I do. I mind it bo much, when they're mocked and pointed at, that I wish they were dead, and I'm always wishing they'd never beeu born." You see, the poor child felt all that Tommy would have felt if he had been right Bharp, which he wasn't; and all that Jerry would have felt, if his eyes had been open to the wretched bringing up of his children, which they were not; and all that Nance would have felt, if shu'd beeu a different kind of a woman : but as for poor Nance, she thought if she clouted them all round once or twice a day, and kept them from getting to any water, she was giving them as good an education as a poor cobbler's children ought to expect. Well, I went away from Pickersgill for three years or so, and when I came back I found Mercy grown up, and the talk of all the place. Her face was small; not round, nor dimpled, yet not thin-looking, but beautifully soft, and of the same warm whiUsne-is all over; just, perhaps, a little warmer in the middle of the cheeks, as you see a bunch of apple- blossoms get pinker towards the heart Yes, certainly, if this kind of face, with full and sorrowful blue eyes, with a blue shadow lying under them, and pinky eyelids heavy with black lashes that seemed always wanting to go to sleep on her cheek, a mouth like two cherries pressing together,—if a lace like this, set round with rings of chestnuty hair, can make a girl pretty, certainly Mercy had such a one, and must have beon called pretty even now; though idoaq have changed since the dayß she used to put the clerka at Flounger'a out of their reckoning erery time she passed the office windows. Now, at the time of my ooming back to Pickcwgill, Mercy had four sweethearts. There was Smili'b, the red-haired herring man, always sliding in a soft word with hu herrings, till Jerry was obliged to leave off having them, which was a great privation to the family,—herrings, and Smilish's herrings in particular, being cheap just then. Then, too, there was Felix Hadup, a real gentleman clerk at Flounger's office, who, for the love of Mercy, took to wearing out hi* boots in quite a wonderful way, so that Jerry always had a pair on hand. Aud, one day, when a dragoon regiment was billeted on Pickewgill, all the the children playing out of doora at Qadshill-in tbe-Fields began to cry aud rush homo; uud Jerry himself, ho tells mo, quaked a bit when he looked up and found a great fellow, standing six feot in bis boots, before his wiudow, with his face m red as his coat, making a downright honest offer through his great mustache for Mercy, wanting to march her off to Ireland with his regiment next morning. Of course, Mercy was called to speak for horuelf, through the window; aud, poor fellow, as he went backup the court he looked so mild aud meek th.it, instead of being afraid of him, all the children took hold of hands, and stood in a line staring at him, so that he couldn't pass. He was the third. Well, the fourth was a man who, of all men in the world, came leaat to Jerry's fancy, as you may know wheu I tell you that that man was Dan Harroway, — ay, Dun o' the water, J>an himself. You recollect him, ay, ay ? There'll be something happen I should think, when black-eyed Daii's forgotten in thuae part*. Ah, talk of your Charlio Steers and your Willie Staokletons of these days,- the girlu stare after them, it's true, —but Dau, dark Dun o' the water, ho was something to stare at, I warnuit you. Ah, it's ail very well; but, Mr. Martin, begging your pardon, I won't believe your house keeper there forgets all the heartaches Dan made in PickeragilT among the lasses of her day. Come, come, that's part of my story ; you needn't take my ale away for that; there's no danger of Dan now; eb, Mistress Wioklemoro I Well, I Buppose there's no occasion for me to tell any of you that Dan wasn't a Baint. Though I do say he wasn't worse than Charlie the water man, or Will tho horeebreaker. In the first place, he was driven to lead the sort of life he did in a good part by his old miser of a father, who turned him out of doors at sixteen. Then, you know, being such a dare-devil with horsed, such a fellow with his oar, and such a little king in hislooks, he got soon picked up, and petted, and spoiled by the sporting gentlemen about here,—ay, and I may say, by more than one sportiug lady too. Why, there was my lady Caperdown, they say, would have married him out and out, only she got a shock when Dan took her first love- letter to her son's valet, thinking it was some order about the stables, and com manded him, like an emperor, to read it to him, as he oouldn't either read or write. How often I've seen him Btnnding in his bright top-boot* and scarlet hunting- coat outside here ; or in his striped regatta shirt, amongst all the low fellows who seem to grow out of the water at boating times, standing out from them all, an I tell you, like a born king. He had a clear dark skin, with the blood alwnyu flushing under it, but never standing florid in his checks ; curly black hair, and black eyes,—not an eye like Jerry'B, though it waa as black, but not Bof t, and merry, and contented, but a restless, fierce black eye, that teemed to be always roaming about, looking for something it could never find ; aud every glance seemed edged and pointed like a steel dart. He had half a score of names,—the Little King, the Emperor, the Sultau, Lucifer ; and as far as pride and dark good looks went, I must say, he deserved them all, und the lust par ticularly. I think he was prouder to women than to men, and had need have beeu if all the tales I've heard were true. I don't mean to say Dan would pass by a pretty girl without looking at her, not he ; but if she minced in her walk, and seemed to know he was looking at her, he would stare in his haughty, scornful way, as much as to say, " You needn't put yourself out; 1 was only thiiiking you've got decent eyes, or a decent figure, und it's a pity the rest of you's not as good ;" so that really a girl wan iis much put out as flattered by one of his looks ; and he was bo cool aud proud with the handsome ladies he rode with, that it got quite a Buying in Pickers gill, " No more in love than Dan o' tlhj water." Aud now I'm going to tell ou about Dan and Mercy's first meeting. I suppose ho had noticed her before. I should think he had noticed her as the prettiest girl in Pickeregill, and as tho only girl in Pickersgill who didn't gape after him (present company, Mistress Sicklemore, excepted, of course). Well, it was one muggy November night, Mercy and little Tommy and I were coming up the High-street together. I was trying to comfort tho poor lass a bit, for times just then were going hard with Jerry ; indeed, juHt then was the coming on of hard times for more than him. Wo had got to the end of the street, when Dan came flushing round the corner on Kichaid bou's black horse. " Holloa, Matthew !" he shouts, in his grand, commanding way, stopping close to the pave-> ment, "give me a light, quick; come, man. I've got a Beven-mile ride, —look sharp !" " Quicker said than done, Dim Hiirroway, iv thin wind," says I, taking out my tinder-box. Dan held his match down while I struck; but the wind blew it out directly it was lighted ; so I, stupid-like, asked Mercy to come and hold up her ehawl to make shado against the wind. She did come close to the horse, and held up her shawl while Dan bent down, holding the reins and his pipe in one hand, and the match in the other ready to catch the light. It lit and went out half a dozen times, and while I was scraping and scraping away, 1 know well enough that Dan was looking at Mercy ; she knew it too, and you would have thought such a j^irl would have kept her eyes to herself; bub whether 6ho was angry or what, Mercy raised hers to Dan's face as it bent down close to her. Now, I don't know much about love nonsense myself, still I could but feel, when Mercy raised her eyes and found Dan's face within a few inches of hen, looking at her aa I'd never Been I him look at any other woman in his life, his fiery eyes all soft, and seeming to have found some where to rest on at last, and his proud-set lips in a smile, —when I saw this, I say, and saw, too, how he seessed to have the power of holding those sorrowful blue eyes of Mercy's to his as by a charm, I said to myself, "There, you've done something for Jerry, calling her to hold up her shawl, you have; you thought if you couldn't strike one inateh, you'd strike another. I'm mistaken if this isn't the beginning of trouble." And so it turned out to ho. Dau may have courted her with his eyes oil that winter, for what I kuow ; but I saw nothing more myself, till one fine iuoruing early in the year. He was riding slowly up the road from Paisley wood*, with a bunch of wild blue hyacinths lying on his horsu before hiui, close to the path where Mercy was coming along. I was on the other sido : I don't think either of them saw me. Presently Dau stopped his horse, aud stooped and held the flowers nut to her, smiling. Mercy Btopped and looked at them. Fo doubt it seemed pleasant to the poor child, who had never time to pick a flower for herself, and who got many a skip from Nance for rmniiiii; to pick up the clover-blooms that fell out of the wagg.ma passing tho top of the court ; no doubt it seemed very pleasant aud tempting to have a bunch of sweet-smelling bluebells held out to her like that by Emperor Dan. She looked and looked for nearly a iniuutu, and then shook her head, as much as to say, "I musn'fc," like a child, and began to walk on <micker. Dan's face darkened, aud he turned his horse right aero»3 her path, and held the flowers down to her again, while his black eyes scouted half bogging, half commanding, her to t-iko them. Then s>he held out Iter little hand -.nd took them, still,like a child frightened into doing wrong. Dun pricked his horse, and went galloping up tho road. I never smell hyacinths but I Bee that old road again, with the light green hedges and the primroses tin 'er them ; and Dan turning in his saddle as he galloped away, resting one hand on the horse's back ; and his dark face, with the sun on it, smiling bright and proud, like a sultan that had been baulked many times, but got his owu way at lost, —Bmiling at Mercy while the yellowy.greou hedges spun by; and Mercy herself standing just where he had left mr, shading her eyes with the flowers, looking after him, ready to cry at what she had done, and yet sick nt heart that his horse should bear him so fast out of her sight. " Trouble coming, Jerry," I said to myself as I Baw her, —" trouble coming." That same morning I had to call on old Harroway, Dan's father, who was my landlord, you know, and who owued half the wretched houses at Gadshill-in-the-Fiolds. Dan was iu the office, coming out us I went in. I wasn't surprised to see him there, for matters had long been patched up between them; but I was sur prised to hear him say,— " What does it matter to you where the money comes from, so long as you get it ?" " I don't know about that," said old Harroway, locking up his tin box. "Jerry's money is honest money when it does come." " What is mine, then ?" Dan said, coming back with a scowl on his face. " There, there, let it drop," said the old man, pettishly. "You've had your own way, and that's ouough ; I don't know what you're after, but if you choose to pay me the rent, of course I shan't worry him for it." "But, mind, the debt goes on just the same," *aid Dan; "and I take my monoy back when I like, giving you a week to get it from him." And Dan went out, just nodding to me { and old Harroway, not seeing me yet, looked out of the grimy window after him, and screwed up his yellow face, and shook his bald head, as much as to say," Do you think I don't know what you're after, my boy ?" I can tell you I wished no little that I knew ; for though I could make neither head nor tail of what I had heard, and wouldn't for tho world have made Jerry uncomfortable about it, and so stopped any good Dan in his love for Mercy might be going to do him, still I found myself every time I passed their place croaking like an old raven, — " There's trouble coming, Jerry, — trouble coming !" The same year, just a week before Christmas, on a Saturday night, I set otf from the Water- Lily to pay Jerry Rouse a visit. Ay, that was a time that won't be forgotten in Piekereyill for a few years to come, I should say,—not by any, at least, who saw what I saw on my walk to Jerry's that Saturday night. Half-dozens and dozens of hungry, ragged men outside bakers' shops, staring as if they'd draw tho loaves out with their eyes ; women going from shop to shop, to get the most they could for their few halfpence ; and here and there a man carrying a pole with a loaf at the top, and a great ticket to show tho priuo ami the size together. What did it mean, Mr. Martin? Why, it was tho timo of the great distress in all the factory places ; and at Piekera gill it was as bud, or worse, than auywlieiv, and it was the hearing of a soro tale of starvation at Gadshill-in-the-Fields that made me got up from tho comfortable iiresido of the Water-Lily, and set out on my visit to Jerry. Now, Saturday night, I should tell you, was not by any means a plea3>\ut time for visiting Jerry. In the first place, Satunlay was Nance's washing-day, and you wouldn't be able to move for wet rags of clothes hung on lines across aud across tho room. It was h»r cleaning day too, such cleaning as she did ; m:d you'd be sure to find her broke down in the midst of it, squatting before the fire, i ailing at Jerry because ho wouldn't take the bal>y, who was always cross on a Saturday night, becatme the steam of the wet clothes brought his cough on. Jerry himself would be sitting in the corner where Nance had driven him, bending his pale, good-tempered little face over his work, aud surrounded by old boots, wbich the children would be playing with and mauling about, so that when he wanted a left, he found all rights, or when ho wanted a right, all lefts. That was Jerry's home oil that Saturday night; not a very bright one certainly, but a palace to many a home at Gadshill-in-the-Fields. But now Jerry didn't look upon any of these things as hid trouble*, but as all Nance's ; and listened patiently to her complaining, pitying her from the bottom of bis kind, simple henrt, and wonderiug if ever n womau, let her be saint, martyr, or what, had as much to put tip with m> hU Nance. He had one trouble of his own, though, had Jerry. Where was Mercy these Saturday nights f Tramping through the irnul and mire, taking home the work «v fast as he could do it ? As fast as he could do it : yes, but Mercy was nut so quick gone on these errand* as she nsed to be, and poor Jerry uotieud it ; and hud quw, un» easy thought* about it, that made him stick bis awl into hid thumb aoinetimes. And ho I found him that Saturduy night, sit* ting swv»tiug over hia work, in the Htoam and ouioke, aud pondering these thiuga ootioerniiig MiToy. I made tlie beat of my way among the clotlum to him, aitor Bpoakiug to Nhqcu aud tha ehililreu. i " Ah, M-itthuw," ue witb a Bhaka back of hid matted hair and v lightening up of bin paiu fuue, " nil the compliments of tue twamm to yon for t oming to BL*e uh in this family kind o' way. You nutut tiik* us na we are, you know ; w» don't mako no xtr.'tuger of you, do we, Nanoe ? Will you clwir a chair for Mutt hew, my dear? find I daro »uy he'll he ao good as to hold the little 'mi for 3 on." " N"o, th.iuk you, Jurry ; I'm much beholden to you, but I'd rather be exoußod," says I; "Mo hold a baby, iudeed ! No, no ; that's a thing I never could do. In the first place, I usver c;in guo.-w how fur a child comes down to in itd long-clothe* ; and if you go to stretch your nrm.s out, taking it to be tidier than it is, it'll flip through 'ttn ; or if you go to take it by the midcll", tho lit-ad will haiijr down and bring on convulbioUH or something." So I 1-sfc Jorry's baby aloue, and took a chair, and wlnlo I was talking to him stuck my pockets out behind, to show the miuce-meat pies and oranges. It wasn't long before they were found out ; for Hoon, instead of fretting and whining, you could hear nothing but sucking and munch ing all over the room ; and then by degree* came the whole lot hanging about my knees, and looking up at me with their big eyes aa if I was the most wonderful old boy that ever lived. I don't like children, I never did ; but I liked to feel Jerry's children pick my pockets. "So you've got a now landlord, Jerry f' I said to him. ' Jerry looked up from the thread he was wip ing, quite astonished. " Haven't you heard that old Harroway said good-bye to us all last night ?" says I. "No," said Jerry. " Well, he did ; he died at his sister's farm at Basset." "And who'll be our landlord nowf' asked Jerry. "Who? Why, who but his son," said I, " young Dun o' the water ?" Jerry laid down the boot he was welting, and sat considering, drawing up his little knees, and winding hid piece of waxed thread round and round them. " Matthew," he said, presently, in a low voice, bo that Nance shouldn't hear him, " I'm sorry. Tin sorrier fur this yer than I can tell you." " And why, Jerry ?" I aulced him. J'; " Because," says ho, taking up his boot again, and sticking it but ween hid knees, sole upwards, and bringing his tint down upon the sole with 1 nil his wight," I'd rather Dan Harroway be obligated to me for a souud lickin', than I 'ltd be obliged to him for the standin' over of half a year's ront, au '11 have to bo the case now. Poor old Harroway, he must have foresaw as his end was nigb, for he's let me alone since the spring 1, and not worrited vie once." Ay, thinks I, Dan could tell you two storteW to that one, but I only said, — > .!, " It appears to me, Jerry House, you're a shade too hard on that lad, —that Dan Harroway ; ft does, now." " Well, I'm sorry if I am, and I'm willin' to give him every excuse, so long as he keeps oat o' my way. He may mend some time or other, but 1 ain't much hopes myself o' such a character ; he's had too much to do with the water for me." " Why, man alive, what harm could the water do him ?" says I. " What harm ?" pays Jerry ; " why, it's my opinion a« tlio first harm that ever was, wan washed ashore by water. Ah, it's a queer tiring and it's the greatest pity as is that we can't dp without it ; but we can't, I suppose. It's onto o* the necessities as came to us with the fall o' man. What harm id there in it, indeed ? Why 1, don't you uuppose as the uarpint that tempted Adam s missus was a sea-sarpiut ? o' course h* was ; and I tell you there's no countiu' the harm there ia in water. Look at yer mud lark*, and your river thieves, and your pieritn, and then toll me as there's no harm in water. And thid Dan Harroway,—why, as I may say, he's been bred to it. i mind him when he come up no higher than my knee, a chippin' little boats out o' nothing ono minute, aud a pumpin' on hisself in thu market-place at Basset another ; aud when I saw it, I always said m he'd com* to ruin. So he's my landlord, is he ? Well, landlord or no landlord, let me catch him making eyes at my gal agen, that'a all." " How do you know but what he means well by her, Jerry ?" said I. " Meau well by hor V say« Jerry ; " not hp. No, no, whatever Dun is, he's a bit above us; though as for Mercy heraelf, a king might mean well by h::r, for that matter. She luu a face of her own, has Mercy, aud a figure too, bless hef. As SuiilLsh over the way says (for I can't never go to have a chat with Siniliuh now but what he begins spelling and speering about her ; though, poor chap t he's lived off a herring-and a tatter this fortnight, they say), 'She'sa» pretty,' sayaSmiliaH, speukin' o' Mercy, 'as a wilet, and ahe don't know it no more 'an a wilet. 1 No more she don't; but I'll warrant if Dan Harroway sets his evil eye upon her, she'll kuow it soon enough. Halloa ! who'd that T" It was Sniilish himself, poking hit red head in at the door. •' Talk of anjjela," Raid Jerry, " and—But, lor*, man, what's the matter with you T Have you seen a ghost V "Cape here, Jerry Rouse," said Smilibh, beckoning with his great hand. Jerry and I got uo and went to the door. "Look there, Jerry Rouse," said Smfliab, dragging him out and pointing up the court. Now, when I tell you the nux>n w.as bo bright you could see the fish-scales sticking t<> Smilwh's red hand as he pointed, you'll see that there was no mistaking two figures which stood by the wall of a half-finished house at the top of the court In that light, if they belonged to tho parish at -all, Jerry must know them. They did belong to the parish, and Jerry did know them. It was Dan and Mercy. They were holding hands, saying good-bye, as it seemed. We all three stood looking at thorn a minute or more, then Jerry took up the corner of his leather apron, and tucked it iv the string that went round his waist, and went up the court to them. His house was number three, yon know, so there was but the length of two nouses to go. The two dropped each other's hands as they saw him ; Mercy shrank back, but Dan stood up in his boots and faced him like a man. " Mercy, my gal," said Jerry, laying his hand on her shoulder, and pointing to his wretched little place, "go home." And she went home, and Smiliah turned his face away. Then Jerry turned to Dan, and says he, — 44Dan Harroway," says he, "you're my land lord, as I hear, and I'm half a year's rent in your debt; I don't want to see my little ones turned out in the cold without a roof to cover '•m, so I «n't say exactly what I should 'a' said to you if to-day had been yesterday. All as I say now ic>, don't let me catch you talking to my gal •gen." Now I think by ban'a face ho was going to make him a quiet answer, but as ill-luck would have it, who Bhould pas* the end of the court that minute but Jem Barnes and Stackelton, and ft lot more of Dan'a friends, on their way home from a card- party at the Water-Lily ; and of course when they caught night of Dan and Jerry standing like that, and knowing Dun's goings on with Mercy, of course they stopped to see the fun. Dan turned on his heel to go up to them. Jerry griped him by the collar and jerked him back. " Daa Harroway," says he, "you don't go out of this yer court till you've giv me your promise as you'll never apeak another word to my gal in your life." , ... M "Don't I V said Dan, wrenching himself »w»y; "we'll see about that. What, do you ■uppoM I care for you're girl ? and if I did, why, haven't Las much right to have my say to her m well m anyone else ?" " I'll tell you," «ud Jerry, hi* passion up as he heard all the young fellows laughing at him. " Because, Dan Harroway, you haven't a rag to your back us belonga to you by good rights, nor a drop o* blood in your body that's been made by honest-earued witUes. You live by hook and by crook, spendin' here and takin' there, and betting and gambling and drinking. They tell me aa you're proud, but I tell you, Dan Harro way, that me as cuts this yer poor figure by the tide of you have got more pride in me 'an you have, for I've got pride enough to keep me ■laving and sweating in that 'ere hole as you calls yourself landlord of, from year's end to year's end, rathener I'd take a penny from the parish of any man alive to go to the feed o' them little uns." '<Then look you, Jerry Rouse," said Dan, flashing on him with his eyes as tho young fellows came nearer, " you owe me two quarters' rant; if you've got the pride you're telling of, .pay it me down now." "I can't, you know it," Jerry said, with a groan ; " I'd give my head if 1 could." v Very well, you'll beg my pardon for every word you've said to me this night, or you'll suffer for it. I'll give you till over Christmas Day ; it you haven't begged my pardon or paid down your rent by then, you turn out, bag and And Dan turned and walked away. 41 Stop a bit," said Jerry, followiag him and laying his hand on his shoulder; "do you promise me what I aßked you about my gal ?" " No," said Dan Harroway, fiercely, "I don't; is that plain ?" Jerry didn't answer him, but turned and walked home. " Mercy," he said, taking off his apron as he came in at the door, " put on your bonnet and come along o' me. I'm 11 goin' to take you over to your grandmother's at Biiaaett, my wench. You can't bide here no longer." With a face white as a sheet, Mercy got a handkerchief and rolled up a few things in it; among 'em I saw some dead flowers, and I knew by the long stalks what they were. Then she kissed 'em all round, and followed her father out of the door without speaking a word. What I'm going to tell you about Jerry, I didn't see myself, but he's told it to mo so many a time that I've got it all before me as clear and real as if I had seen it, nnd it had happened a week ago instead of forty years. It was Christmas eve, then, going on for eleven o* the clock ; Jerry sat by himself, finishing Jem Barnes' Sunday boots, which he'd been patching up. The candle stood on a three-legged stool in front of him, and every now and then Jerry would look at it, and euch time he looked at it, bis fingers flew faster. There were two inches of candle, and there was what a quick man would call a good hour's work. Two inches of candle and not a scrap more in the houße, —not a scrap more, most likely, in all the court. Few houses, indeed, at Oadshill-in-tbe-Fields had a scrap of bread in them that night, let alone candle or firing. Two inches of candle and a good hour's work to do ! It seemed as sure as fate the candle must go out before that work was done, yet Jerry looked at it and worked fiercer,—looked at it and worked fiercer. His dirty, pnllid, flat nailed fingers flew, and the candle burned. It was a race that would have held your breath to watch, a r^ce for life or death. If Jerry's fingers won it, it wus life, —if the candle won it, it was death ; for while he worked bo that he could tell if one second wns shorter weight than mother, there came from the up-stairs room faint criei and waitings. And Jerry knew what it was. He had heard it in many * how thi» winter ; but it had never been to his before. It was a wolf up there in that room—a wolf gnawing away at hia seven little children, and his poor Bict wife,— hunger it w.»a, and it had come upon them sudden and savage, and Jerry knew that if it wasn't driven off that night it must devour them all away from Him, devour him too, and the only thing he could drive it away with was the shilling he would get when he took Jem Barnea' boots home. So he raced with the candle till the drops came out thick on his forehead. There was one inch now, and there was more than half an hour's work to do. The candle burned and the fingers flew,—flew, ay, so fivst, that every now and then Jerry felt in doubt on to whether they carried the thread along with them or not; but if he stopped to find out, his race was lost, for the candle had nothing to stop for, so he let 'em tremble and shake over the boot that was stuck between his knees. The fingers flew, and the candle burned ; the race was drawing to an end. The candle blazed up. Jerry stuck his last stitch. The wick fell and went out. Jerry hugged his boot, and gave a great cry. His job was done. The moonlight falling through the dusty win dow showed him where his battered old hat lay on the chair. He snatched it up, and the fellow boot, and ran out in his shirt-sleeves, calling up the dark narrow stairs as he went by them,— " Take the little una to you, Nance, and keep 'em warm. I've done it, and I'll be back in a minute with some wittlea." " Back in a minute," Jerry said ; but it took him a shurpwh run to get to Jem Barnes' house in five. When ho got there, there wasn't a light to be seen in any of the windows. He knocked onco. No one came. Twice,—still no one came. Jerry took hold of the knocker, and thumped it down every two seconds fierce and hard. Still no one came. By-and-by old Constable Mullinger turned up the street to see what the noise was about. " Are you gone mad ?" he said to Jerry. " Don't you see they're all out! Be off about your business, or I'll be helping you with your knocking." Jerry reeled back into the middle of the road, and stnred up at the house. He had never thought of this. Had he run his race with the cfflidle for nothing ? No wonder old Mullinger thought he was mad, to Bee him standing there without his coat, his old hat stuck at the back of his head, and his boots in his hand, staring at the dark win dows. Soon the cold began to go through and through him, and he turned shivering and half atupined, nnd went back home. Ooing in, he stumbled against the stnirs and made a noise, and then he stood listening, feeling sure that all the seven little children would cry out to him for the food he had promised to be back with in a minute. No. All wu still,—all except his own heart thumping away at the top of the stairs. " They've fell asleep," he said to himself ; " they won't feel the wolf for a little while, not perhaps till I get 'em some work'us bread in the morning." He wouldn't go up for fear of disturbing them, so he went and sat on his bench in the dusky moonlight, and took up a boot of little Tommy's and his awl, and tried to work, just for the sake of keeping himself from thinking, and from feeling the gnawing at his inside. He worked, but the thinking and the gnawing went on just the same. He worked, but the dark handsome face of Dan Harroway kept coming between him and little Tommy's boot, making him grip hid awl and breathe hard. He worked, but the loneliness and the gnawing made him get so light and sharp in his wita that he couldn't sit still, so he stood up with his work in his hand. By-and-by he dropped the boot, and stood still, not breathing at all, with the awl in his hand. A thought had come to him,— a thought of how to muzzle the wolf. He went to the foot of the stairs and listened : still nil was quiet. He kicked off his boots, and crept up, feelin* by the dump wall. The door wftß open, aud Jerry went in and stood in the rni.ldle of the room, looking at the row of ragged little beds that lay along the Bplintery floor. The m«onlight fell upon each wizened sharp face, and each wizened dirty hand lying over the patchwork quilts. Now, while Jerry stood looking at them all with that dreadful uncommon sharpness I told you of, which made him feel as if ho could do anything in the world if he set his mind on it, he heard Nance muttering, and when he went to listen what she said, he found she was cursing him in her sleep for having married her. Jerry listened, and got all cold and stiff about the roots of his hair, and the room seemed to spin round aud round him,—beds, door, patched window, with the big yellow moon staring in it, and all,—all Beemed to spin round ; and Jerry looked after the spinning beds, and then at the spinning moon, and wished it away. _ He gripped his awl hard and fast, and flung himself down by the first of the beds. Still it seemed spinning away from him, and he made a clutch at it with hiH left hand, aud when he had got it, get his knee on it, then his left hand clutched a thin little shoulder, clutched it so tightthat there was a scream, aud that scream woke Nance and nil the rest; and taking him to have come back with the victuals, they all set up a wailing cry for joy, and Btretched out their hands. And Jerry lifted up his head and looked at the empty thin hands and hungry faces, and pointed to his awl, and said to 'em, with a great lift of his chest at every word, — " Look here, little vhp, it's earned your bread all along, this yer, and if so be it can't am your bread any more, can't it,—enn't it put you to— to—to sleep, little una—just to sleep—only to sleep ?" . He laid himself down on the bed. The bright tip of the awl glittered, and then was hidden in the clothes. He pressed himself closer and closer over the child, and his awl was in his hand under him. Thaw wu jurt » touch—a cold, sharp touch—on the bony cheat, only a touch ; and it waa not Jerry'a cheat, yet it was Jerry who leaped to his feet with almost a yell, as if a sword had gene through him,— leaped to his feet and cleared the dark stairs in two springs, and rushed out of the house door, and away up the court, without ever a bit of shoe to his foot, or cat to hia back, or cap to his head ; rushed along towards the town-end of the court in his Bhirt and ragged trousers, and bare feet, and with hi* awl in his hand ; rushed as if a demon were after him ; rushed, and once he knocked himself against a post, like a blind, wild animal. Then he ran on till he got to the end of the court and out into the street,— the dark, still street, and he saw one man in it, and he made up to him. The man turned, and, seeing Jerry coming towards him with his awl, bo wild and strange, began to quicken his pace. But Jerry got up to him, and made a spring, and threw both his arms round him so violently that the man waa felled to the ground. "Don't run aw »y from me! Feller-creetur, brother, I got more on me nor I can bear, come and help me ! You shan't go away till you've helped me !" " Let me go," said the man, struggling,— let me go free, will you!" " Hah !" cried Jerry; and, looking down on his face, with his knee on his chest, and his awl raisod above him, he saw it was Dan Harroway. The cause of all his trouble that night was there under hia knee, and the awl wl ich through him had been nearly turned against his little children was in his hand. Didn't it seem like justice put into his own hands to deal! The knee planted on Dan's chest shook, and the eyes looking <lowu upon him blazed liko balls of fire. Dan Harroway thought hiM last was come. Suddenly he felt the weight gone off his chest, and looking up he saw the back of a ragged figure, which seemed to be wringing ite hands, with the awl in them, and then he saw it run back down the dark court Yes, Jerry was running back. He bad been to the world for help, and it had sent him greater temptation. Where was he to go now' Now, while Jerry rushed back down the dark quiet court, cryiugto himself, "Who'll help me? Is there nobody as'll help me ?" there flashed upon him a recollection of a story he had heard, —a story which had always struck him as being much too hard to believe in, and much too wonderful to be at all true ; but now, I say, the recollection of it struck upon him like a sudden light in his darkness. He began to run faster. He passed his own bouse. He came to the other end of the court, and out into the great brick-fields. Just before him was a high heap of bricks and stoneß and rubbish, where a house had been pulled down. Jerry had but one thought just then, he wanted to get high. He seemed as if he couldn't get high enough for what he wanted. So he began to climb this mound, sticking his bare feet into the sharp stones and broken bricks till they bled, and helping himself up with bis handa till they bled, and when he got to the very top he was well nigh fainting, and he fell upon his knees. The big, set moon seemed to be on a level with his head aa it stared at him through two window- holes of a half-finished house, and it lighted everything; the pool of black water below him, the frosted rushes growing round it, aud the gray line of field rats passing from the cellar of one of the new houses to a hole in the clay bank. Jerry threw up his two arms, still holding the awl, and cried out as loud as ever he could cry in his faintness, — "If you as made me," says he, "can»ee me now ; if You knows me better than I knows You, come anigh me! I don't arst You for myself. There's som«thin' a tearin' my inside like a wild beast; but that I can bear. What I arst You », save my little uns from me t Save Dan Harro way from me ! Come anigh me, wherever You are, and lay hold on this yer. I'm only a poor human creetur, and there's more put on me nor I can bear, an' it's makin' a devil of me. I don't know how to get at You, I don't know no prayers ; but I tell You as I want You ; if ever any poor creetur You've made ever wanted You, I do. 0, come anigh me 1 Come anigh me!" Did anything come anigh him f Jerry says as the wind rose he heard a rustling all about the mound, like a swooping down of great wings or garments, and hia hand got loose, and the awl went whirling down, and fell with a splash into the blnck water ; aud Jerry, when he heard the Bplash, fell atrembling and hiding his face with his two hands. He wasn't alone, he says ; the sweep-down of wings and the talking in the wind went on. For Borne time—how long he couldn't tell—he seemed to be lifted right up out of his trouble, and he didn't feel the sharp Btones under his knees ; and he Btayed with those that seemed to have come about him till the moon went down in the window-hole. At last the bark of a dog made him remember himself, and he looked up, and, finding his awl gone, gave a great shout for joy. "You've heered me," he said, — "Youve heered me ; and I ain't alone, nor my little uns ain't alone ; they've got a better father 'an me." Then he came down, slipping and sliding among the stones, and began to run home all shaking and close to the ground like a lamb jußt out of the lion's jaw. As he ran, the dog he had heard bark came across his path with a crust of bread in his mouth, and Jerry seized him by the nape, and took the crust from him, and ran home to divide it amongst his children. When he had got in, though, that wild beast he had told of on the mound clawed him for it; and he was just going to fall upon and devour it, and had got it between his teeth, when another wonderful old story, coming across him, made him stop dud think. He cleared the table ; he moved all the rubbish on the floor on ono side with his foot, and covered it over. Then he began looking about for some kind of a tablecloth. He found one, clean and white, in a drawer, and he felt ready to cry with gratefulness to Nance that she should have such a thing. He Bpread it on the table, and then he took hia crußt and hud it in the middle ; and after looking at it a long time, he went out softly and shut the door. He crawled up stairs once more, so faint that he could scarce drag one foot after the other. The children were all awake, and wailing still. Jerry went and took 'em up, and cuddled 'em one by one in his poor tired arms, and said, with the tears running down his cheeks, — " Don't cry, little una ; I've been out and I couldn't get you nothing, but coming back I see a dog with a crust in his mouth, and I lugged it away, and it lies on the table down below, and I'm a goin* to arst Him as they say made seven loaves and five little fishes feed four thousand creeturs, if He won't make that 'ere little cruat below enough to fill us all by mornin'. So go to sleep, little uns, and you, Nance, my woman, go to sleep,—go to sleep all on you, and let Him do His will by that 'ere little crust; and we'll go down in the mornin' all together and see what we shall find." And Jerry went to lie down himself, but somehow he felt as if he'd no right to lie among them that night after his evil thoughts, so he went and stretched himself on the landing out side the threshold of the door, and by-and-by they all fell sound asleep. , It was a cold place, was Jerry's. But the wind that whistled up the stairs and came up through every crack and cranny of the old boards only made him sleep the sweeter, for he dreamed it was the great wings that had come anigh him on the mound. And so they slept; and there in the room below, all by itself in the moonlight, on the clean white tablecloth, lay The Crust. • Now in the morning Jerry woke with the sun on his face, and he got up and woke Nance and the children. He helped Nance on with her things, for she was very sick, and dressed each of the little ones himself, and while he dressed them, each had a different dream to tell him about the Crust, and the angels that were making a feast for them out of it. And Jerry listened, feeling as if his heart would burst, for what could he say if they all went down and opened the door and found only the Crust? Still he daren't gainsay that there would be a feast. He washed them all, and made them kneel down and say the prayers Mercy had taught them, and he made the dressing and the prayers take as much time as he could, for he had great fear of going to the CRrsT. At last, shaking in every limb, he took up the two youngest, one on#ach arm, and went to the stairs, two more took hold of his coat, and Nance dragged herself along with the others, and so they all went slowly down. But when they had got to the foot of the stairs, and Jerry had laid his thumb on the latch of the room door, his heart quite failed him, for he seemed to see, before he opened it, the CRUST laying there with the marks of the dog's teeth in it, and all just as he had left it overnight t so he turned and said to them, in a light kind of way,— "P'r'aps they haven't done yet, little una. You won't be disappointed if so be they ain't V But seven pairs of black sharp eyes looked at him so suspicious and so keen, that Jerry thought he'd better get the worst over at once, so he lifted the latch and pushed the door in. He gave one look into the room before Mm, and then turned back suddenly, as if he'd had fire blown into his face. "Nance, Nance !" he said,"here's a judgment on us ! Here's more'n I can bear. O, look, old woman I Down on your knees and look. O little uns, I didn't believe not half myself,—but come along! come and look." The father and mother, on their knees outside the threshold, and the children clinging to them, all stared into the room. There woe a feast spread on the cobbler's table. Ay, a delicate feast. There was white bread, and there was wine, and rich pasties, and in the middle, where the crust had lain, there was a shining silver basket of bright Christmas fruit. It was a fair table, I can tell you, for I saw it. Yes, I was there, and I saw it And I saw Jerry, too, kneeling with his wife Nance, and the children on the threshold. " I knowed as You'd heered me," cried Jerry presently, lifting his big full eye to the grimy ceiling. " And whatever hand You've done this by, human creetur's hand or not, me and my little uns thanks You for it, and we'll never 'a done thanking You for it, while there's breath in our bodies ; and I forgive Dan Harro way as You've forgive me. I forgive him, and I'm at peace with him, let him do what he likes." Just as they were going to get up from their knees, the Christmas waits in the court began, and among them there was Nell Gwire and Alice Blane, the sweetest singers in all the country-side, and the music seemed to hold Jerry and the rest to their knees, for coming just then it was like angels' voices giving them a welcome to the feast. Nance and him both began to cry and cling together ; and then she, who had been a good Binger in her time, but hadn't sung for temper for twenty years, began joining in, low and soft, with her face raised and her black hair falling all about her to the ground ; and one at a time the little things caught up the tune and sung out loud and shrill, like starved sparrowß at the sight of rain. So loud and shrill and piercing that I couldn't stand it long, but went and picked them up and brought them into the room. When they all came in, treading aB if the ground wasn't common ground, Jerry saw me and said, — "Is this yer doing, Matthew I" says he ; and I said, " No." "Then," says Jerry, "tell me what mans doings it is, that I may thank him, and that all my little uns may thank him." " Jerry," said I, taking him apart, "when you run out in your Bore trouble last night, you met a man." " Ay I" says Jerry, looking at me hard. " You threw him down and told him your trouble, and before he had got free of his first fright,, you saw who he was and left him." " Ay," said Jerry again, with a Bhudder. " You went up a mound in the brick- fields ?" "Ay." " You went up and told your trouble to some one else. You didn't see that man following you and listening to you ? No. Nor you didn't see that man looking at you through that win* dow, when you laid your crust out." « No," •»« Jerry. *WeU, he nw joo, then ; he m all, and he came and kimcked me op oat el my bed, and we went in the night to Bassett and fetched Mercy. And, that man fetched the beit silver plate oat of his father's house, and the best Christmas pasties and wine, and we three hud the feast together." "And where is that man J" said Jerry, hardly noticing Mercy as she came from where she wss feeding the children. " When he had hud the feast, Jerry, he went outside." " Is he there now P said Jerry. M Perhaps he is." Jerry said nothing more, bat went oat Dan was there. "Dan Harroway," said Jerry, "I've spoke words to you as 1 can't never take back, because they was true." MI don't want you to take 'em back, Jerry Boose," said Dan. " I know they were true." "Then, Dan Harroway, though I can't take them words back, I can tell you this, and that is as this yer thing you've done this yer Christmas eve has made me feel that for you I never felt for mortal man afore. You ain't only spread them five wittlea in there, bat there's a somethin' you've brought anigh ime as I've hungered for without knowin' it this many a year. I don't arst you to come in, I ain't worthy as you should come in ; but, Dan Harroway, I should like to shake you by the hand, and I should like the little uns to thank you." There ! I suppose you guess the rest. Of course Dan didn't go in then, nor let Jerry show him off to the children as the angel in top boots that had been sent to make these wonderful things out of the Crest. Of course he didn't sit at the end of the table by Meroy all the time of the feast, and have those bright top-boots smeared all over afterwards by thankful, dirty little hands. And of course Jerry got turned, out by his landlord next day I They were married, Dan and Mercy, when the Mac hyacinths came round again, and you oould smell nothing else from Oadshill-in-the-Flelds to the church, and Meroy wore them in her hair. the Kjm. CHArtEB Five of "A Strange Exploring Trip" will be published in our next issue. 