Byron and his Wife. Colonel ? was at Byron's house in Piccadilly, Lady Byron in the room, and luncheon was brought in — veal, cutlets, &c; She began earing. Byron turned round in disgust; he had an aversion to see a. woman eat — and said, ' Gormandising beast,' and fairing op tbe bay, threw me whole luncheon into the halL Lady Byron cried and left the room. Byron himself told Miss Bafllie, who repeated the story to Haydon, that the very morning be and Miss Millhanks were married, and were driving borne through the grounds, and all the tenants and peasants were cheering, Byron said to her, 'What could have induced you to marry me ?' ' Good heavens V said Lady Byron, ' because I loved you !' 'No,' said he, 'you have a spice of Mother Eve You married me because your friends wished you not to do so. You refused me twice, and I win be revenged.' Byron told Scott that after his separation from Lady Byron he went to a rout, and was regularly cat by all the women of fashion. As be leaned against the mantelpiece and they were sweeping by, a little red haired, bright-eyed coquette came flirt ing up to him, and, with a look that was exquisitely insolent, said, 'You bad bettet have married me ; I would have managed yon better.' Mrs. Leicester Stanhope said the Guicdoli used to watch Byron through a telescope when he went ont riding. So one day she asked him why he did not take the Guicdoli out with him. He drawled out in his usual way, ' Consider, consider, what a fright she would took in a habit' 'Do you think her handsome?' Lady Blessington asked him. ' Hand some?' he replied, she is a horror; she has red hair' (which was not true). She said then, 'Why don't you take her ont walking ?' He answered, 'Because she shuffles like a dock, and I am lame ; a pretty couple.' ' Do you ever tell her this ?' she asked. 'Yes.' 'What does she say?' 'She sera — a — atches me, replied Byron. Haydon adds : ' I met die Countess Goiccioli subsequently, and she was certainly not handsome. She had small eyes, largenose,longupper lip and dun.' Sir John Hobhouse asserts that Byron was no scoffer. Still, on one occasion, Byron said : ' I have a great mind to believe in Christianity, for the mere pleasure of fancying I may be damned.'' He is known to have begged Shelley not to talk of hell or ghosts after dark — it made him uneasy. — Haydon's Anecdotes. 