WHO IS THE REV MR ODGERS ? -Hamilton Spectator. —Pleasant Greek Chronicle, 17th February. — Mort lake Dispatch. As an illustration of the axiom about going abroad to learn the news of home, wesubjoin four extracts from th e Pleasant Creek N[?] intimating that the Rev. Mr Odgers, United Methodist, has accepted an offer to ; jbin the Church of England, and is'leaving Stawell to ’“ take’ charge' of 7 ' the: Church'’'- : 6£ ’England at 7 Hamilton:”- 7 7 ; We can-only l state that;the Ghurch;cbm mittee r at r Hamiltoni*who should 7 certainly have a’,say in the matter of the disposal of'the.iric'umbency; know nothing l ' about it; 7 ; and 7 that' the 7 " Rev.’ '’Julius'', Lewis, who "is; 7 at present ’performing the, duties bf v the- parish; is , equally ’in 7 -the' dark; " .The congregation of the Church bf/England -at Hamilton, however curious they may 7 be to see the preacher who 7 " appears to have been so highly appreciated by the 7 United Methodists at 'Stawellj were probably' not, aware that Episcopal clergy men 7 were so’ scarce in the colony that offers'had 'to be made to dissenting minis-; 7 ters to occupy such, positions as_ that of Church of England'pastor at Hamilton. ;; Some of them intheir perplexity have telegraphed r to Bishop 7 Thornton; for anexplanalion,| but--as his| .-lordship"happens to be from home, there is no answer’ at present. /Since the above wiis-ih type; the following telegram 1 from’ the, bishop’s chaplain has come to, hand ‘‘The bishop is from’ home; •' ■MrOdgefs maygoin-the Church land; but for the statement tbat 7 hetakesch‘afge j pf ; the church at Hamilton, 7 Lam'convinced 7 there is’n’ot'the slightest foundation.—H. E. Coqi’Eß, St. Paul’s par r soUage,‘Ballarat;”- i Saturday’s Pleasant Creek'News reports“ A very . pleasant gathering took place last’night in the United ' Methodist Free' Church, Curnlshtowiv bn- the occasion ‘of the presentation o£ an address and a . purse’of sovereigns to : the ; Revi J. Odgefs;' whir is. leaving Stawell to. take-charge of an Episcopalian congregation at Hamilton. An address having,been read, 'Miss ,'Cordwell presented the rev. gentleman with'a purse of sovereigns. iJIr Odgers replied , in' "feeling 'terms,' .expressing his appreciatiouj of tho jgift; arid' his re gret at 1 parting from so large a number of sinoere.-and well wishing friends.” : r ’ 1 >'■ *- , ■ A Gallant Rescue. —A narrow escape from drown- ing occurred on Tuesday afternoon, which had it not been for the presence of mind and bravery of a lad of fifteen years of age, named William Corkeron, must have ended fatally. On the afternoon in question, at about 5 o’clock, the lad William Corkeron was walk- ing on. the dam head of the Government reservoir, and noticed two mere children on the staging, which runs for some distance into the reservoir, immediately over the deepest water. Suddenly, he heard a plunge, and on turning round saw a cap floating on the water, and that one of the children had disappeared from the staging. Without a moment's hesitation this heroic lad plunged in, dressed as he was, to the rescue of the child, who had not once risen to the surface. Luckily, young Corkeron is a good swimmer and diver, and was not long in finding the child, and quickly brought him ashore to all appearance lifeless. In fact consciousness had left, and it was but by the most unremitting exertions the child was brought round; it is still suffering from the effects of its involuntary immersion. Too much praise cannot be given to one so young as Corkeron for his really brave exploit. Parents of such extremely young children cannot be too cautious in letting them play about the reservoir, as the staging is unfitted for them to venture on; in fact the child who was so nearly drowned slipped between the plank- ing, when had it not been for the courageous lad Corkeron another untimely death would have had to bo recorded. We think the members of the Borough Council might see that the planking on the staging at the reservoir be put in a secure state, as the cost would, be a mere trifle. -- Pleasant Creek Chronicle, en joy ing the cool .of the evening by taking a walk on : the bank of the ; Hopkins, - The' subjects under dis cussion' were, to say ■ the . least, elevating, relating principally to the “silvery moon,” the “radiant stars,’ .The subject of .astronomy, had- become nearly exhausted—the moon'had been called into requisition twice to-illustrate: the purity of affection, the stars were nearly worn but, and conversation had begun to flag, when suddenly at.a'bend in the track, the lady gave a flondv- scream; and; ’fled ,back with; incredible speed. On looking up the young amanbeheld tower ing before him a huge body, seven or eight feet high, jsurmqunted by'agh'astly head, with large glassy protrud ing eyes.thatglitteredandstaredwithaghostly.glare in "the dim moonlight. He stood terror-stricken, until-a deep hollow- groan, followed by; two or three still more unearthly, from the object before him, recalled him to his senses. Not waiting to look round he made one terrific spring, smd landed almost fairly in the middle of the stream _of the Hopkins. Cold . water and fright lent-him -strength, tjvo or throe strokes he : gained the opposite, bank, and never .venturing another-look at his midnight sped away fast into ; the bush. Meanwhile the vici nity of the “ ghost ” resounded with roars of laughter, 1 .evidently not proceeding : from the breast of the noc turnal visitant, who afterwards developed an.idontity ■ :with an old gum stump that had -stood for genera-' tions,dthe;jhead being- borrowed for the oceasiorifrom ithe carcase .Of an almost equally ancient bullock;' that had "drawn his'last breath 'in* the‘ neighbor hood. It appears that some young men, who looked : ;updn : the object of the joke as'a “ softy, l ” had rigged up the stump in a sheet, providirg the head with glass; eyes, arid had secured the alliance Ofa young lady to entice the ‘victim tothe spot selected; The fesultris narrated above:' The groans proceeded of course froin the perpetrators of .the joke hidden behind-the stump, who -soon'i changed tune .when-they thej.un-; premeditated flight. The lady returnedjquietly. home,, but her bead "his riot’sincebeen.'Jheard/ of ■* in 'the' neighborhood, the only trace of-him thaF has turned' upb'eing that furnished by t and old • traveller, whb, ; On calling at a house in the vicinity, exhibited to the owner a hat -and a shoe, found by him,- he averred,: far out in the bush. No Ecrious consequencea are ap prehended. ‘ 