GENEltAL EXTRACTS. Fiiist Fire then Exqvirk.—A. covrcspon dent signing himself thus writes to the S. M Iforald on tho use of revolvers by the police It becomes a serious question whethor tho police should continue to bo allowed tho in discriminate use of firearms as isthoenso at presont. Nothing Jin t he present condition of tlio colony would appear to warrant it. Tho sorviccs which tho polieo of New South Wales arc called upon to perform arc neither so frequent, so arduous, nor so dangerous as those which fall to tho lot of the guardians of tho public at home—yet these latter aro not allowed to carry firearms. The question has arisen in my mind owing to tho recent un happy transaction at Narnndora. As a resi dent of tho Upper Hunter district I am also familiar with the circumstances attending the shooting of two men at different times in the Muswcllbrook district. One man accused of cattlo stealing or horse stealing, found the place where lie was sleeping .surrounded by the police, lie rushed from tho house, un armed, just as he jumped out of bed, and (not heeding the commaud to stand) was brought down by a carbino bullet and subsequently died from tho wound. Tho other was the case of as poor a hedgerow thief as over morehed through Coventry, and occurred some threo op four yearn ago. Ho was shot down, unarmed, just us lie rushed out- of the hut where ho nut) staving insiuo a paddoek, by a trooper who, I believn, was on horseback ouifj(Jo the fence. llo only spoke'.three words—" I am sorry." And now, I believe, as a crown jug achievement, certain member* of the liorce have shot a poor demented elergvman wandering about tlio country, whither or why who can now tell, Law ami order are good things in tlifir way—but so is human life. It. seems to me too snored n thing for a hasty-tempered policeman to have the power of taking it at his pleasure; and 1 should like to sec koine measures adopted for the protection of the lives of even criminals and lunatics. 1 Banks a>*d Gambling.—It is a well-known fact, says the Melbourne Herald, that itfost of the persons employed in banks in this colony who have, within the last few years been'convifted ofj.stealing moneys belonging to the banks hhycj been brought to ruin by betting on horse races, and gambling in other ways. The various bank* have begun to re cognise the danger of allowing their employes to gamble, and peAm determined to prohibit it as far as may be practicable. It is stated that the other diiy a dialogue, of which the following is the substance, took place between the manager of one of the banks in this city and one of the' clerks:—Manager—"Is it true that you ha4e won £500 by betting on ' Nemesis'? " Clerk—•' It is." Manager— '• Then you have J'our choice of two courses ; furnish me immediately an account of your debts and your assets, or resign your position here." The clerk chose the alternative first indicated, and thb account showed a balance in hi* favour of1 £500. The manager then addressed him thus :—" You must now lodge this £500 to yojur credit; mid if it is again discovered that yon bet or gamble in any shape or form, you will render yourself liable to immediate dismissal." The clerk lodged the £500 to his Credit, as required, and it is to bo hoped will also carry out the final salutary injunction of his manager. Cilinksk Cehkmoxiks.—Ouv Chinese fel low-citizens were in a state of great excite ment during the whole of Sunday (says tho Hallarat Star), and up to about 3 a.m. this (Monday) morning. They believethat the I souls oC those C|iincso who have not died a i natural death ^-andor restlessly about, cold ! and hungry, "seeking rest and finding nono," i bo onco a year a grand feast is made, and iin I mouse fires liVfor their benefit, nnd that | these spirits may be properly clad, clothes— ; something after' the style of milliners' pat j terns—are cut 1 out of gilt paper, and arc ! burnt, dissolving very appropriately into thin air. On Sunday notification of what was to be done for tlnbir benefit was given by the beating of gong^, drums, etc, to these restless spirits, and at about midnight, when they were supposed lo be all present, a priest, named Ohe All King, who lives at Iladdon, commenced the religious ceremony by bless ing the ofl'erings of the charitable. These1 consisted of dishes of rice, pork, etc., cooked, i nnd laid in two rows near the fires previously lit. Spiritual bbverage, in the shape of. gin, was emptied oh the ground, and after the burning of the paper clothes, the rice and pork, of which the ghosts were supposed to have eaten, wns distributed among the; Chinese rng-piekers, and beggars, none who ; could afford to J stand upon ceremony deign- ; ingto touch it. : The lepers from t he ranges were present, bht made their offerings at a respectful distaftcc from the other Chinamen,: and consumed'at the close of the ceremony what they hud brought themselves. lyTitourcTiox of Jai\am:sk into the Nohthkhx Tkukitoky. — We understand, says the Adelaide Observer, that the Hev. Wilton Hack, formerly of this colony, but who is now engaged in mission and literary work in Japan, and who. has recently been paying a visit to Adelaide, has entered into an arrangement with the Government with the view of introducing Japanese into the Nor thern TerritoryJ. The arrangement, which was concluded witli the Minister of Agriculture and Education on Wednesday morning, is simply t hat the Government will pay a 6inall specified amount for Mr. Hack's expenses in travelling from1 his .residence at Nogasaki to Tokio or Yeddo, the sent of the Government, where hewiU lhako known to the Government and the peoplothe advantages which tlic Nor th ern Territory offers, the nature of the cli mate and resouVces of tlio country, the laws by which it is governed, and the regulations under which land can be obtained. If lie finds a disposition upon the part of the people to emigrate, and that no obstaelo is thrown in their way by tlio authorities, ho will proceed to the Northern Territory, a moderate sum being ilxed for the payment of his expenses, and any further action will depend upon his report. 'The arrangement originated, we hear,; from a proposal submitted by Mr. llack, who is confident frdm the similarity of the climate of dapan with 'that of North Australia that tho Japanese 'would do well in the hitler settlement. His idea is that mechanics and men with capital might be induced upon his representation to emigrate to tho Northern Territory, the Government here, we suppose, bearing some proportion if not all of the cost of passage. It is distiuctly understood that no Japanese 'Coolies will come under the operation of the scheme. Mr. Hack's idea is that tho intending emigrants should take .with them a year's, provisions, tools, nnd everything necessary to guard against priva tion. Mr. Hack is not sure whether thero would be any 'oflieiul obstruction in Japan to the carrying out of his scheme. Emigration, he admits, is a' new thing with tho Japanese,, so that he may encounter more diflieulties than he with jus sanguine temperament con templates just1 now. Justifiable Homicidu.— News reached Glen Innos o,n tlio 3rd instant (rolatos tlio Examiner) Miqtn'quin named Clias. Plumnier, of Tentcrilold, had been shot b.v Constable Bowen -whilst.; endeavouring to eseapo from cuBtod^v From t-lio nieagro particulars to hand, it appefirs tliat Plumnier had been ar rested about two and a half miles out of Tentorlield for stealing n purse from Frank Price, at O'Connor's hotel in Tonterfield. Whilst boing escorted into town, tlio prisoner tried to eseapi, and Constable liowen shot his horse.. The.prisoner, unhorsed, again tried to getaway froiii his captor, and throw stones at him. Tlio1 constablo then fired, and shot l'lunimcr in tho stomach, and the unhappy man died in conscqucnco tlio same night. There was great excitement cvinccd in 'Tenter field oTer the ease, and anjinqucst was held on Monday Jast, when a good deal of ovidenco was taken, after which the jury returned a verdict of justifiable homicide. An Ukbxpectei> Fohtuke.—Mr. Edwnrd Preston, proprietor of " Robert Chamber's Index to ISTcxb of Kin," writes to suy :—" Tlie recovery of ao largo a euxu from the Crown ns £200,000 is, I believe, without, precedent, mid deserves a passing notice. An order for re payment out of Court was wade by tho Vico* Chancellor Malins, under tho following eir cumatanecs./Iw December, 1871,Mrs. Maria Mangin 13rown, then of Hertford-street, May fair, died intestato, leaving personality of tfio value of over £200,000, and 'with 110 known next to kin \ consequently the then Solicitor to tho Treasury (Mr. Gray, Q.C.,) took pos session of her estate on behalf of tho Crowr, and paid all exponces of administration: ami her debt . , Advert ismont woro thou issued by tho Crown solicitor to ascertain who . wcro Mrs. Brown's next of kin, and fourteen per* sons caino in thereunder. Four of them (Italians) havo just proved their claim to tlie satisfaction of the Court, and tho mailer came on by petition, praying payment to petit ioner, Filippo Tomass Mattia Preecia, of £192,535, the balaneo of tho abovo sum of, .£200,000, after providing for succession; duty and costs. Aflor somo discussion between the counsel, tho yieo'Chaneellor inado an order in the terms of tho proyer of the peti tion." Business Undisposed of tn Pauliami'.nt. —Tho following business (wo Ic'arn from tho Herald) remained undisposed of at tho close of tho Parliamentary sessionMotions: ByM. Forster, for rescinding resolution of fclio Ilonso of IStli July Inst, adopting report of tho selcct committee on rond through Messrs. Biulgory's land ; l»y Mr. Cameron, for recinding resolution of tho House, adopt ing the report of the select committee "on supply of coal for railway purposes j hy Mr, Nelson, for copies of all contracts and bonds entered into in connection with railway ox ter sions to Orange, Wagga Wagga, and Tannvm th ; by Mr. TJibhw,' for adoption of report <»f the sclcct committee on report of Evnmiucr of Co;il-tields on lands held by Messrs. Garrott and Grcville. Order of tlio day: — Lapsed Votes Bill, second reading; Orphan Schools, resumption of tho adjourned debate, on tho motion of Mr. Davics, for tho production of returns relat* iug to tho Protestant and iioman Catholic Orphan Schools at Paramatta, in tho year 1875 j Public Placo Definition Dill, resump fcion of tho adjourned debate, on the motion of Mr. Terry, that this bill bo now read u sccond time ; Sain of Liquors Licencing Act Auiendimmt Bdl, second reading; Sites for Schools ; consideration in Committee of the Whole of the expediency of bringing in a bill fco facilitate the acquisition by the Council of Education of Sites for Schools, and also to consider of an address lo His Kxcellency the Governor, praying that hu will cause to lie forwarded to thia Mouse a message recoil) mending tho appropriation of the mnneys. nceeasary to carry out the object of said bill; 'Libel'Law Amendment Bill,second rending ; •Provision for support of persons imprisoned for Debt Hill, second reading ; Volunteer •Force lieguhition Act Amendment Dill, lu bo further considered in'committee • Pnrplim Revenue—consideration in Committee of tho Whole of the resolutions submitted by Mr. I'arUcs for tho disposal of the Surplus re venue; consideration in Committee of tbe Whole of the petition of William Dunn ; Cattle Sale-Yards Act Amendment Bill, sccond reading : Animal Protection Bill, re sumption of tlie adjourned debate on the third reading; Contractors' Debts Bill, sccond reading • "Fire Brigades Bill, third reading; Adulteration of Food Prevention Bill- consideration in Committee of the Whole Legislative Council's amendments; ApprcnticeshipLaw Amendment Bill, second reading; Buthursb I'resbyterian Church Trustees Enabling Bill, sccond reading. 