ADELAIDE. May 1. As tho ship Torrons, with a large number of passengers, was about leaving for London, one of the apprentices was accidentally killed. The vessel has been detained in order that an inquest may be hold. The Star of Erin has arrived with 30 assisted immigrants. ? The Censvs. — The Registrar - General, through the Gazette, reminds householders, that on the 1st of May (to-day) they are to fill up the census schedules. This is evidently a mistake; asi the papers are to contain the names ,of all those who sleep or abide in the house on : the night of May 1st, consequently the papers cannot be filled up until May 2nd. The Man-fish at the Theatre. — ' Sceptic'' writes : — ' If Natator so firmly asserts the genuineness of his entertainment, ho can havo no fear of detection ; therefore, why not invite some ono from amongst his audience to inspect his tank, &c;, and I am snre it would give moro satisfaction and be a publio proof that the man-fish is bom fide, and dosorveR all credit for his wonderful powers of endurance.' The iNTKRcoi.ojrux Exhibition in Sydney. — Tha , Exhibition is proving a , great suc cess, and thousands havo attended sinco the opening. On the third day there -were 20,000 people present. Very few protests have been sent in against the awards of the judges. The sales of stock hitherto have, on tho wholo, resulted in disappointment to the sellers. All sections of the Exhibition, except fruit, arc well filled. Poultry ia: ' especially good, notwithstanding the unsuitablenoas of the. season. The sugar- growing in dustry was unrepresented, notwithstanding that prizes were offered for sugar producing plants. Thoro were two exhibits of sugar from Now Caledonia. ? ; . ? New Insolvent.— Charles Smith, of Mary horough, ship carpenter, upon his own petition. First mooting, May, 15 ; statement,' May 13.^ Petty Debts Court. — The defended cases, of which the following is a list, will be heard at the City Police Court to-morrow : — R. Armour and Co. v. J. Midson, goods sold, £4 9s.; J. Greer v. Hempstead and Co., wages, 15s. ; J. McIntyre v. F. Gehringer, damages, &c;, £7 ; J.fCamerori v. G. Appel, commission, iSfl.6s.Si J. Harvey v.. J. M'Dermott, commission, &c;, £21 ; B. Bolt v. B. Walsh, illegal . detention,. £4, 13s. ; R. Love,1 jnni, v. W, Newall, goods sold, £4 10a. fid. ; Owen Gardiner v. P, Tickle, goods sold, £8 ls.'8d. ;' M. A. Walsh v. Captain and owners of tho Edina 'steamer, short deli very, £4;' F. Hicks V.' Carton, and; Spruhan,; commission, &c;, £10 4s. ; Trustees of the estate of Medhurst and Co. v. W. Reeves, goods sold, £G14b. . ' : [?'.,? . ; Omnibus' Accident. — An aocident ' whioh .'t might have, beon attended with serious con sequences happened in Queen-street thiB af tor noon. A railway omnibus was run into by a passing vohiolo. Tho worst result was the compound fracture of the 'bus Bhaft, and tropi datidn of several lady plissengers. Thb-Wkathkb. — The reading of the bsro- ?' meter at the observatory, at Wiokham Torraoo at 9 o'clock this morning, was 30 059 Wind, S.W* Daring the previous twenty-four hours, the readings of the thermometers (self-registering) gave highest in shade 86 j and in the sun 109- j tho lowest in shade 65'; and on graBB 54: The rainfall during 24 hours 'ma nil. Velooity'of wind io24i horire, 110 mile». ', ..., £ The. Stiiatheabn.— Subrinspoctor Wasaall holographs to tho Immigration Agont, to-day, that the Captain of tho .R. B. Chapman roports speaking the immigrant ship Stratheam, fiO ? 'mile's' south-east Capo Moroton,' on tho 2'Hi ?ultimo. The IIibeunica. — Thorn were two perfor mances of tho Hibernica on Saturday, ono' in the afternoon and the other in: the ovening, when tho programme was changed. Both en tertainments woro well patronised. East Mobeton Agbioultuiial Association. — An adjourned meeting of tho Council of this Socioty took place on Saturday afternoon, Mr. A.Radcliffo in tho chair. The programme for the plonghing match to take place at Rooky Water Holes on the 10th instant -was agreed to. Weatheu Repobt. — The weather throughout the colony to-day is reported calm and fine. PltOTESTANT AM.IANCE FltlENM.Y SOCIETY. ? A special meeting of tho Star of the East Lodge will be held at South Brisbane, on Wednesday evening next. . , The Good Templars. — A meeting of tlio members of tho OnwaTd and Upward Lodge, No. 27, 1.O.G.T., will bo hold to-morrow evon ing/ BuBinesn: Installation. Wesleyan Tea Meeti.no:.— A public tea meeting will be held to-morrow ovening iu tho Albert-street Wesleyan Church, to givn a cordial welcome to tho newly arrived ministers, Revs. W. Wikon and A. Midgley. Tho meeting will be nddresssed by several ministers nnd lay mon. £ .The Theatbe. — There was a large audience at the -theatre on Saturday night hent upon witnessing the wonderful performance of Na tator, the Man-fish. Tho theatrical part of the night's performance came in for a well deserved share of - applauso. It consisted of the ' Mutiny of theNoro,'and a ' Winning Hazard,' in both of which pieces Mr. Hydcs and Miss Flora Anstead played capitally. The same programme will be repeated this evening. That popular favourite Mr. Hydes, who is good ' all round,' announces his benefit for May 5, on which ocoosion wo wish him the success he deserves. Thi iate Mr. Tkobn's Funebai.— The funeral of the late Mr. Thorn, whioh took place at Ipswich on Saturday afternoon,; was very largely attended. All the ministers, with tho exception of Mr. Macalister, wore present, and both Houses ; of Parliament wore well repre sented ; while a general desire was evinced by the inhabitants to show the high respect' in which the deceased gentleman was held. A largo contingent arrived by train from Brisbane to take part in the ceremony, and: the funeral cortigt was: the longest ever neon in Ipswich. There were many old colonists prespnt. In Insolvency.— A meoting of the creditors in the insolvent ' estate of . David Bell, lately carrying on bnsiness as storekeeper jn South Brisbane, was hold to-day 'in the Principal Registry, the Official Trustee presiding. The following creditors were represented':— Alfred Shaw and Co., £157 3s. 8d. ; S. and N; Howes, £135 0s. Od. ; Queensland National .Bank, £113 4s. 2d.; Quinlan and Co., £328 3s..8d. ; E. Goertz, £72 0s. 3d.; G. Myers., and .Co., £45 18s. 7d. ; Webster and Co., £2/5 Os, 1 Id. ; John Hart and Co., £237 9s. 8d. . . It was decided that no trustoo be elected in the estate, nnd that Messrs. William Wikon (of Hart and Co.) , S. Howes, and Ernest Goertz bo appointed a committee of : inspection. ,? ' Mb. P. M'Lean at Beenleiqh. — Mr. McLean met the electors of the Logan at the, Tem perance Hall,'Beenloigh, on Saturday evening. There were about 100 present, and Mr. Savagt occupied the chair. Before the candidate ad-, dressed the meeting, Mr. Shaw, the late mem-, her for the district, stated that he had no other course than to resign, being under the necessity of leaving Brishane in two or three weeks' time, and it would, in all prohability, he ' three months before he could re turn; consequently, if ',he retained his seat the electorate of the Logan would remain unrepresented for that period. The electors appeared to be perfectly'satisfi,ed with the explanation given. Mr. M'Lean then ad dressed the meeting, expressing his views on ' the various matters touched on in his-address, in a clear and explicit manner. After answer ing several questions that were put to him. by electors, ho said he would' support a land-tax only to the amount necessary for making the roads. It was proposed, seconded, and carried unaninumsly, that Mr. M'Lean was a fit and proper person to represent tho Logan electorate in Parliament, after which the meeting, sopa rated. : : , layrnq the foundation slone. .of -the New Anglican Church, Fortitude Valley, Tho ceremony of laying the foundation stone of tho new Church of England,Fortitude Valloyi waB performed Saturday afternoon last, hy the, Bishop of Brisbane, assisted by tho Revs. J. Love, J. Sutton, R. Creyke, D.. A. Court, and F: Richmond. There - -were about 150 persons present. His Lordship commenced by reading the prayers suitable to tho occasion, after which the losson,I Chronicles, ohapter xxix.,'was read1 hy Arohdeacon Glonnie. The stone was then lowored into itB place, his Lordship declaring, it ' to ho well and truly laid in the namo of the ' Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' In a cavity undor the:, stone was placod ? a- tin ? box, containing copies of the local ?? newspapers, and a parchmont containing tho following inscription: 'Tho memorial stone of this church, dedicated -to the . worship of tho Everhlessed Trinity — and to be called the Church of the Holy Trinity— was laid on the 29th day of April, ,1870, l-y the Right Rev; Mathew Blagdbn Hale, D.D., '] Bishop of BriBhanp; William Wellington Cairns, C.M.G., being Governor of tho Colony ; Riohard AbIi Kingston!, Mayor of Brisbane ; James Love, incumbent of the Parish ; James . Gibbon and Henry Wyh'orn, churchwardens ; P. D. G. Stanley, architect ; and James Robin son, builder.' A handsome silver trowel, pro,, nonted by Mr. E. Mao Donnell. and containing^ the following inscription : ' Presented to M. ? B. Hale, D.D., Bishop of Brisbane, on the - tho occasion of laying the foundation stone of Holy. Trinity Church, Fortitudo Yallt y, April 29, 1870,' was used by his Lordship in perform ing the .ceremony. After tho stone was laid an lppropriato hymn was sung, after which a pluto was luid on the stone for tho purpose of receiving tho contributions of thoso prosent, ( ihd donations to tho amount of £49 lOs.-wero :oceived. Tho bonediotion. was then pronounced ' jy his Lordship, and tho meeting soparated. riio site of tho new building is in tho iramediato ?ear of 'tho present ono, and already consider iblo progress had beonimade with the founda tions. Tho estimated cost, of the now building .8 J63rf8po,-and of this £2,400 ban. already heen \ :otfeoted. .'. ' , !.;??-. '-' * :;;- . HioH»MJr- Sooiett. — A npecial;;meeting of ? ' 'Highland Society in Town Hall/No',.1 7, ground iflobr; to morrow evening. 'Cattle Steat.tno ix the Fah Went.— A (correspondent writes : — At a special mooting of ttho Maranoa Cattle Stealing Prevention Asso- , icintion, hold at Roma on tUo VOth instunt, it Was unanimously resolved upon to pay ' to :Scnior- Constable Michael Bnrico, of Mitchell, tho advertised rnward of one hundred pounds, 'with the highest commendations of the assoein j;i &?n,, for his praiseworthy zeal 'and tact, aa shown by him- -in securing tho conviction of 'j(l Oharles 'Crick of etittlo stealing, at Mitchell i'. t'' Downs! ]''j. Crick waB a licensed ?butcher at Mit ; ' choll^ township; and was convicted before . \ .'jJiidgo^uul, ot tho Into sittings of tho district, ''., - .tit Roma. .During tlio progress of the meeting ? .pflorae of ;tho most influential stoek-ownors pre ?'?'ifipnt 'commented most fuvournhly upon the : .'?''-iriiitorial influence which the seniorconstable's ', .tnct and energy had upon the suppression of !this kind of offence, as well, indoed, as evory i' n.flthor... ,, : ? ; 