COUNTRY CORRESPONDENCE. THE UNION. (From our own Correspondent.) May 27. I see you are growling in Palmerston about scarcity of news. If the people of Palmerston cannot manage to get up a fight, or a heavy case of scandal, they should not call the paper a “rag.” At this end ol the rope we have no scarcity of exciting news, and I was thinking of telegraphing for three or four columns’ space in the present issue, but as it is I shall be obliged to condense considerably. At Pine Creek the news is sensational. A black fellow was bitten on the foot by a snake, but although no ammonia was injected into his veins, nor was he plied with exciting stimulants, he continues in the best of health. Snake stories generally come together, and so here is another. We have heard of enormous snakes, of venomous snakes, or rattlesnakes, but it is seldom we hear of a snake’s ghost, although these reptiles are by ancient tradition supposed to crawl from the lower regions. The following story is, however, strongly suggestive of a visit from one of his satantic majesty’s slippery representatives. A few days ago Mr. Bastard, mounted constable in charge of the Pine Creek station, found a tremendous snake quietly and comfortably coiled up on his blankets, which he quickly despatched with a shotgun. On the following night, when Mr. Bastard was supposed to fallen into the arms of Morpheus, his screams aroused the remander of the force, and on the full company, armed for the occasion, arriving at the couch of the destresed officer, he implored them to cut his mosquito curtain open, as there was a tremendous snake coiled up under it, contending for a share of the bed. The curtain was cut, and Mr. Bastard jumped three or four yards clear off the stretcher. Arms were presented at the same time, and had the snake exhibited himself his fate was sealed, But the snake did not appear, and when the stretcher and its surroundings were thoroughly searched, no reptile was visible. Mr. Bastard is still positive about the existence of that snake, but another opinion prevails that he had the nightmare, or that he was alarmed by the ghost of the reptile he had dispatched the evening before come to haunt him. A Chinaman has been and is still lost at Pine Creek. He went out early on Thursday morning to look for some horses and has not returned, and although Mr. Miller has been out two days with a staff of blacks, he has not yet been successful in finding him. The niggers may have made a meal of the missing coolie, but it is more probable he is quietly wending his way down to Palmerston. On the Union the Chinaman who was blown up on No. 5 South is progressing favourably, without medical attendance. He has escaped with a few cuts about the face. The shot must have been put down by a Chinaman a few inches with the grain of the slate. Had it been a British shot put in by a Cornish miner the coolie would probably have been blown to atoms. We will have more crushings soon to report. Scott’s machine has started on Ayliffe’s stone, and thirty tons will be put through. As yet the plates are not looking better than expectations warrant. Mr. August Starke has obtained the contract for carting in the stone from the Extended Union prospecting claim, and already two loads are at the battery. There will be about 60 tons to bring in, and there is a rumour of it running 15 ounces. I hope it will go twenty ounces. Gregory and party are sending in twenty tons from the Extended Union of unpicked stone, and if this shows a fair average there is stone enough of the same kind to keep a teamster constantly employed, allowing there are plenty of men to raise it. The tribute on No. 2 North has been abandoned. The prospectors retorted 300 ounces of amalgam to-day, and obtained only 74 ounces of gold. They are putting through about 20 tons of the stone taken out of the new tunnel to see how it will shape. There is not much gold to be seen in it. A serious bush fire occured at the Union township on Friday, and only that Mr. Peter Clacken noticed the fire approching the houses and called out, the inhabitants or the Globe Hotel would have been burned to the ground. The flames had caught the garden fence and the out-office. With some little trouble the fire was turned off in another direction. YAM CREEK. (From a Correspondent,) May 27. The all but deserted Stewarts’ Gully has had a reviver, a nugget weighing 15 ozs. being found by a “Hatter'” in an old claim. How fickle is fortune; the previous holder of the ground had struck this identical nugget with his pick, the mark of which is still npon it. At Grievesons three nuggets weighing 10 ozs., 9 ozs. and ozs. were got by Kennedy and Ives for about two days’ work, and a nugget of 11 ozs. was taken out of another claim. Several parties are prospecting about this neighbourhood, but nothing of importance has yet been discovered. Some have got the ochreous “color;” some have got— nothing. Patience and perseverance, my brave diggers, will remove mountains, and the same virtues are requisite to develop a new goldfield. Stick to it, and you will be rewarded in this world—or somewhere else. The new Pioneer quartz claim recently opened at Yam Creek is improving as it is being opend up. I saw some splendid specimens of stone there yesterday rich enough to justify the conclusion that a valuable discovery had been made. The Grove Hill Company’s battery will be started on Monday morning. The water supply pipes are carried into the creek and a good lot of stone is delivered and ready for crushing. I hear that the quartz being raised by the Albion Company at the Howley is of a very paying quantity. This may be inferred from the fact that the company is going to cart a quantity of stone to be crushed at the Grove Hill battery. Yam Creek. The Albion proprietors have telegraphed for a new crank shaft, which they hope to receive by the next steamer. The stoppage of their machinery at this time of the year, when water is daily becoming more scarce, is a serious loss, but the Albion people have pluck and endurance enough to outlive their present trouble. I wish there were many more companies as firmly established. The inhabitants of the populous and flourishing inland city of the Shackle were thrown into a state of frenzied alarm and excitement on Thursday last by the news that the powerful steamship Darwin, having on board the whole population of Palmerston, together with the Mayor and Corporation of Southport, had (notwithstanding that some of the passengers were highly discreet and respectable) been staying out all night, and were nowhere in the morning. Crowds of anxious enquirers besieged the Telegraph Station, and almost suffocated the bland master thereof with their pressure for information, which under the painful circumstances he dispensed at the reduced rate of 2s. for every ten words, and no extra charge for notes of exclamation. All the shops were closed, business was entirely suspended, and even the Warden ceased from his arduous labors, and paced up and down the official verandah with a serious and perturbed mien. No one thought that the vessel was actually lost, but took the more hopeful view that the passengers at the worst would only be starved. Your correspondent remembers the wild and savage expression that ——— exhibits when kept a quarter of an hour late for dinner, but what would he be when minus all his meals for two or three days? The picture was too horrible to contemplate! Some one would suffer. Poor little Maud would probably be eaten first, and then that dainty morsel Mary, after which the rank and fashion of Palmerston, reduced to a state of cannibalism would most likely “draw lots.” When it came to———and——— the most voracious could hardly tackle them without the aid of a stew pan and lots of curry powder! Your own correspondent was in a state of great perplexity about a little overdraft he was on the eve of squaring up. The Bank being closed it was of no use for him to remit cash, so he was under the painful necessity of pocketing the misfortune. P.S.—Thursday evening. Joy unspeakable! =Have just heard that the Darwin is in sight! Friday—Landing of exhausted passengers, affecting tableau! Reunion of friends and families! Frantic yells for food! MOTAL.—Never go out on a day’s boating without making your will. Let every one be provided with a life belt and a month’s provisions. Your correspondent was once beguiled into a pleasure party on the “Good Templar” ticket. He had fifteen hours’ enjoyment on the strength of a three cornerd tart and a spunge cake, washed down by a bottle of ginger beer. Finally he had to help to haul a barge through a sea of mud up to his armpits, for about a mile! “Your own” has since declined all Rechabite overtures to go out and enjoy himself. 