TJHEE TWO BACHELO RS. Part I. It was in the summer of 'G1 that Jack Perrars aud myself, tlieu gay bachelors of thirty, weary with the business that had surged in upon us during the winter months, rented between us a small shooting in the Western Highlands, with a view of recruiting our wasted energies in a pastime of which we were both very fond. I admired Perrars almost passionately. He was a fine handsome fellow, with yellow hair and blonde moustache, and possessed the gentlemanly manners and easy flow of conversation which I esteemed above all things. But my attachment to Jack was no mere passing admiration of bis brilliant parts and fascinating manners; it dated as far back as the days when we were boys at school, and had gone on in an ui- interrupted flow ever since, strengthened by the test of time. We had, moreover, number less things in common, among the most im portant of which was — wo were both confirmed baohelors ; in good truth, bachelors proud of the name — bachelors who never intended to be nnything but bachelors, and who took a peculiar pleasure in saying so, and in vowing allegiance to each othor in a manner that would have done credit to the Corsican brothers. It was therefore with brilliant anticipations of the delight we were to experience in each other's society, that we found ourselves the occupants of a pretty villa, on the outskirts of a little outlaudish place iu the Highlands, far removed from all friends and acquaintances. With a sigh of relief, and a delightful feeling of freedom, we wheeled our chairs into the open bow. window on the night of our arrival, and lighting a cigar, sat down to enjoy the really beantiful scene before us. In the fore ground lay our own smoothly-cut lawn and rectangular flower-beds, with the moonlight falling iu pale bright bars over the sleeping flowers; and beyond, the silver locb, whence we could distinotly hear the light laugh of some late pleasure-seekers, ns they rowed slowly homewards ; while above the loch the hills rose in dork majestic ontline against the pale beauty of the sky. Jack, as apropos to the scone, bad been repeating as best he could, between the whiffs of his cigar, Lord Byron's Lake Leman ; aud an auimated dis cussion, which had afterwards arisen on the merits and demerits of that much maligued poet, was suddenly interrupted by a burst of the finest music I had ever heard. It was a splendid soprano voice, acoompanied by the guitar, singing the old pathetic Scottish song, Auld Robin Gray. The expression thrown into the voice was simply exquisite. When the mournful minor key was struck Jack snatched bis cigar from his lips, leaned for ward in a breathless listening attitude, aB if afraid to lose a single vibration, and did not move again until the song had ceased. I felt strangely affected myself. I had often listened to the same song before, but never with tbe soul-thrilling of to-night. As the last cadence died away, borne over the silvern water to 'the dark hills, it seemed to me as if it were an angel's wbisper over the death-bed of a child The sounds proceeded from the open drawing-room windows of the villa next our own, and when at last they ceased, Jaok, re suming his cigar in the most prosaic fashion, remarked : " By Jove, that was good singing, Bob. This is bettor tbnn a box at tbe opera ; eh, old fellow ? " "It's the finest singing, without exception, I ever listened to," 1 answered. " I hope I won't meet the fair possessor of such an exquisite voice." " What an aboard fellow you are ! Why?" asked Jack, blowing a long curl of smoke out of the window. " Oh, because, if she's pretty, I feel as if I should fall in lore with her." Jaok winced at this betrayal of weakness'. " Pshaw ! Harding, don't talk like an idiot. Ten to one she's an ugly old witcb, with sunken jaws, and powder enough on her face to last a Lord Chief-justice's wig for six months." " I almost hope she is," I returned, " for then my heart won't run such a chance of being oaptured." "You're a consummate fool, Harding," was the flattering encomium of my friend Ferrars. "Sorry you think bo, Jack," I said ; "but fool or no fool, if thnt's a pretly young girl, I wouldn't give sixpenco for your own chances of retaining your bachelor notions much longer, Jack Ferrars." I lennod forward, smiling, to catch a glimpso of his expression in the dim light. ' A haughty curl was on his lip, and a look o( Bcorn in his blue eyes, which disappenred-with a ludicrous rapidity as soon as ho observed I was rallying him. " Ah ! Bob, no fear of that," he said ; " you and I are too jolly together to care about pretty girls, however fascinating — else we'd have beon married long ngo." "I begin to think so, Jack," I returned; "and upon my word I ofton wonder how a follow like you, upon whom scores of design- ing mammas hnve had their envious eyos; was never caught." " I wns just going to make tho same re mark about yon," said Jack, with a laugh, as he stroked his haudsome moustache. "It seems to me we're a couple of extremely clever fellows," I answered, rising. " " We'ro a couple of extremely lucky follows, at anyrate, to have safely escaped all tho snares and fascinations laid for us," returned Ferrars, shrugging his broad shoulders, and looking the persouiflcation of happy bacberlor- hood as hothus disburdened himself of his anti-matrimonial notions. "But what say you to a bit of supper, old boy ? it is getting late," I agreed, and we both descended to the dining-room. Mrs. Mason, the worthy house keeper, had lit a Are in honour of our arrival, and the dying embers now cast a dark rod glow on the walls, making a decidedly com- forfable appearance, notwithstanding it was a fine autumn night. When we turned np tho gas, a cosy little supper laid out for two was displayed, and the wine and fruit we had been using at dinner still stood on tho side-board. Never were there two happier, jollier, or more amicable bachelors than Ferrars and I that night, as we sat chatting over our walnuts and claret, and laying out our schemes of enjoyment, until the small hours warned us that it was high time we were in the primary enjoyment of sleep. "Good night, Jack,-' I said, as at last we separated for our respective rooms. " Good morning, rather," echoed Jack, as he shut his door; "and I hope the .ghost of Robin Gray won't disturb your slumbers. A sharp rat-tat on my bedroom door, and the familiar "Hollo, old boy !" of Jaok out- side, awoke mo from one of the most delightful and refreshing sleeps I had enjoyed for a long time. To say tho least of it, I felt fierce to b.e thus awakened. "Confound you, Ferrars," I shouted ; " what do you want ? Be off! " " Get up, old boy, get up ; if ycu'ro not out of bed before I count ten, you shall havo no breakfast. One — two — three " The threat was too awful to be anticipated, and before be had completed the given num ber, I had unlocked the door for him.- He came in with a merry look in his blue eyes, and throwing himself down on the bod I had so unwillingly vacated, began kicking the white counterpane with bis dirty boots. "Jack, man, look what you're doing," I said, pointing to a mud splaBh on the clean linen. " Mrs. Mason will think I tumbled into bed last night in tho disreputable condi tion of not knowing very well what I was about." "Just tell her that I did it, Bob, and she'll bo delighted to put on a fresh counterpane, I am sure. But do you know what I was doing this moruiDg while you were driving your pigs to market ?" "Feeding the ohiokens, probably," I an swered, feeling cross at Jack's good humour. " Gues's again," he said, laughing. "No; if you don't choose to tell me, my curiosity will wait," I returned, as I arranged my necktie.' "Well, then, I've been getting on good terms with Mrs. Mason, and finding out who pur friends of musical repute next door are." "Tho dickens you have!" I ejaculated, pausing in the adjustment of my shirt studs. Jack nodded, his blue eyes fairly dancing with merriment. "And the result of your inquiries is " "That tho household consists of a Colonel Hallam, his wife, and daughter." "Is that all you know abont them?" I asked, somewhat disappointed nt the meagre- ness of the details, as I put finishing touches to my toilet. " You ungrateful scoundrel ! " returned Jack, "Why tbe people only arrived here two days ago, and Mrs. Mason herself only got the in formation this morniDg from the baker's boy at the door." " Ah ! . then it's sure to be correct. But come, let's go downstairs, and try if we can't get a look at Colonel Hallam or his protty daughter." "It was a glorious morning. The sunshine was dancing gleefully on the rippling snrfaco of the locb, and tho flowers were lifting their dewy heads, and filling the breakfast-room with their fresh fragrance. A very tempting repast stood awaiting as on the table, and Jack's bine eyes looked not amiss behind tho coffce-urn. "Altogether, this is very pleasant, Jack," I remarked, as I took the cup he handed to me ; "yon look almost pretty enough to kiss, my dear." "Come, no chaff, is your coffee sweet enough ? " he returned, affectionately twirling the ends of bis blond moustache. "Oh, it's there all right," I said, alluding to tho handsome appendage ; " I didn't make any mistake about that." He turned his laughing eyes on me for an instant, and no sooner had they wandered to tbe window again, than he started up nttering a long — whew 1 I stood up too, following his eyes inquiringly, and there, over the low hedge that divided tbe girdens, I ca"ght sight of a young girl iu a fresh morning dreBS, engaged iu cutting flowers, and daintily arranging them .'uto a bouquet. What we saw of her faoe under the broad-rimmed hat that shaded it was bright and beautiful. " Good heavens 1 Miss Hallam," said Jaok. " By Jove ! Miss Hallam," echoed I. And we both looked into each other's faces and laughed outright. s " What are yon laughing at ? " asked Jaok, with the utmost inconsistency, -da he sat down and resumed his breakfast.' "Joat what you're laughing at," I returned, breaking my egg. " She's not old or ngly either," he remarked, after a pauso. "By Jove, she isn't!" I answered, as I gulped a mouthful of my highly sngared coffee. " Are you sorry ? " "No. Are you glad?" " It doesn't matter a rap to mo what Bbe is, or is not." " You're a cynical old baohelor, Forrars." "Allow mo to return the compliment, Hard ing." " I rather meant yon to keep it, I think." I decline it with thanks, as not suitable. I'm not cynical." " When I wish to expatiate on the charms of a nice young lady, you get as sour as vinegar; now you know it's true, so not a word in reply ; but hurry up, old boy — Icm- pus/ugil" and I pulled out ray watch. We wore both in a hurry to be off to our sport, and soon all thoughts of Miss Hallam wore forgotten in tbe bustle of arranging our shootiug-gear. The waggonette wa3 brought round to the door, and two very happy, heart- whole bachelors sprang lightly into it, and were bowlod away down the gravel-path, through the gate, aud out of sight. We had a pretty good day's sport ou the moors, and returned homeiu the best of humour with our selves, and tirod enough to enjoy thoroughly an after-dinner lounge in our drawing-room, which we bad converted, pro tern., into a smok ing-room, and ornamented in every available placo with meerschaums, tobacco, and cigar boxes. Upon this evening Jack, who was a fair player on the pianoforte, was performing the Blue Bells of Scotland, with much elaborate flourishing and crossing of hands, aud I, as the audience, wub stretched on three chairs at the window, lazily smoking my cigar iu that sort of half-dreamy, comatose stato that one feels in the enjoyment of well-earned leisure nnd rest. I cannot say that E was altogether in rapture over the Blue Bells, but perhaps they helped to promote the pleasuut tenor of my thoughts as I lay with my eyes half-closed, letting the smoke from ray weed carl affection ately in the folds of Mrs. Mason's laee curtains. "How jolly Ferrars and I are together," I chuckled to myself ; " this little trip of ours iB going to be altogether a success. Girls are well enough to meet occasionally, but they be come a bore. Now, suppose I had a wife with me here instead of Jack, she wouldn't be con tent unless she had the houso fillod with visitors, aud servants, and " Just at this interesting juncture of my ruminations tho flourishing and dashing at tho piano stopped, and presently tho chairs ou which my legs were resting were pulled from under me, and - I was left ignominiously sprawling on the carpet, with Jack's faco grinning down at mo in evident enjoyment of my discomfiture. But my fall did not oause me to forgot the thread of my meditations, and as I gathered up my elegant limbs, I re marked, "My wife would not havo done that. Jaok." "No ; she would have kissed the poor tired darling, and thrown a shawl gently over him, to keep him from catching cold," said Jack, in a tone ef mock affection. " Picture of domestic happiness !" I roturned, laughing, as I readjusted the chairs. " Hark 1 what is that ?"-- The stillnoss of tho night outside was broken by the same exquisite music we had listened to on the previous evening. In an instant our bauter wns hushed. It was a gay lively air, which I recognised as a selection from the Student's Frolic, and the singer seemed even more at home in this style than in the pathetic. It made me feel as joyous as a bird in spring, and had I not been too lazy, I could havo danced, in the very exuberance of my spirits. "Jack, we must get an introduction to that littlo girl," I cried enthusiastically, throwing my half- finished cigar out of the window. But, to my surprise, J nek seemed in no mood to talk, and kept staring out of the window, taking no notice of my remark. Feeling ag grieved at not being met with tbo storm of opposition and contempt' I expected for pro posing such a thing, I went over and slightly shook him, at which ho ran his fingers through his blond curls, aud looking up with an ex pression of innocent surprise, asked, " What is it ?" " Wouldn't you like au introduction to Miss Hallam ?" I repeated. " Why, yes, of course, Harding ; you needn't have shaken a fellow half out of his senses to ask that silly question and Jack readjusted bis broad shoulders and relapsed into silence again. I tried to talk of Miss Hallam, music, literature, politics, but all to no purpose; he sat staring out of tho window as if the seven wonders of the world were visible on our patch of moonlit lawn, Rather disgusted, I left him star-gazing, aud retired to bed ; but as I wont up- stairs I must owu to a littlo curiosity as to tbo cause that made my amiable and talkative friend suddenly so lacouic and disagreeable. Part II. Tho warm Aagust days ripened into mellow September. Since the night of Jack's reverie a change had certainly come over him, but ns yet he left me uninformed ns to the oouso. Sometimes his old gaiety would return, but it was snre to bo followed by a fit of more sombre silenco than beforo. I chaffed him about it often, but his testy replies invariably shut me up. We never met Miss Hallam, and tho only time we saw her wns in the morning among her flowers, or in the evening when, after hav ing ravished us with hor music, she stopped out on the balcony, leauing on hor fatbor's arm, to enjoy the'moonlight. On such occa sions Jaok seemed strangely affected, and would either break forth into voluminous praises of her grace nnd beauty, or sit gazing mutely at the apparition. Such n stato of affairs led me naturally enough to the conclu sion that whatever might be the matter with Ferrars, the fair cantatrice had something to do with it. One afternoon wo resolved to have n row down the loch, and as I crossed the lawn with an oar over each shoulder, 1 chanced to glance at Colonel Hallain's window, where the two ladies were seated sowing. The younger one was scanning me with a half-amused expres sion in her brown eyes ; and as Jaok came sauntering down the gravel-puth with a hand in each pocket, I quietly said : " Miss Hallam's at the window." He looked in the direction I indicated, and, to my surprise, he immediately blushed up like a girl. " Why, Jack, old fellow, what's the matter?" il asked, with a smile I could not repress. ftfitfe Hallam ..was 'viewing 'us with tho aid of an opera-glass." " Pshaw ! Harding, get on. board quick,- and row as well as you can," lie answered, throw ing himself into tho stern of the boat, in a position where the sunshine struck forcibly on his handsome faco and auburn locks. I bent as gracefully as I could to my oars — I had been a fair oarsman at Cambridge — and soon the little craft was skimming far over the sunlit ripjiles. As it was still early tvhon we returned, wo strolled down the. road until it would be time to go in for dinner, when, turning a corner, we came suddenly upon Miss Hallam and her father, mounted on a couple of splendid grays. As she cantered past us with a smile, her beautiful faco flushed with the exercise, I cer tainly thought I had never seen anyone half so lovely. Her perfect form; tho grace of every fold of her dark-green riding-habit ; the indescribable coils and twists of her brown hair, with the sunshine shading it to gold ; tho coquettish little felt hat turned up on one side, with its dancing plume and streaming gossamer — combiued . to make up a charming tout ensemble, which was altogether irresistible. Jack had stared after her in open-mouthed admiration for such an indecent length of time, that I was constrained to accuse him. " Ferrars, you admire Miss Hallam," I said. lie had his head bent, and was kicking the dead leaves with his feet as he walked. When ho raised his bine eyes, they were filled witli tho expression of a passion I had never noticed in them before, and which fully corro borated tho four words he uttered, as his eyes met mine : " I do lovn her !" Strange as it may seem, I was thunderstruck at the announcement. Much as T had noted the change in Ferrars, I had hesitated to ascribe it to the circumstances of his being in love. I protested and raged against such folly — falling in love with a lady with whom he lmd ' novor exchanged a single word. For, answer, a passionate confession was poured into my astonished ears, in which ho vowed lie must, and would win her. Matters were made considerably worse when wo received our letters that evening informing us of busi ness engagements requiring our immediate return to town. It would be impossible for us to remain more than throe days longer. "Humph ! yonr time is rather limited, Ferrars," I said, with more sarcasm tlmn sympathy. "You'll hen pretty sharp fellow if you woo and win a handsome girl in three days." The next morning ho cauic down to break fast looking palo and haggard. I don't believe lie had slept all night, hut I made no inquiries, ns I felt annoyed at this alarming impulse of my old friend, nnd was altogether out of temper with this adventure of his. He ate little or no breakfast, and looked so dejected, that at last my sympathies wero aroused, and I shouted cheerfully: "Cheer up, old fellow; we'll manage it all beautifully, and you'll go up to London tho accepted suitor of Miss Hallam." Gradually he became more animated, aud began to talk, and finally quite shocked mo by declaring that he was going to write and propose to Miss Hallam that very day. I considered him to bo simply mad, but lie had apparently thought it well over, and was determined what course to adopt. " But, Jack, tho thing is preposterous," I argued ; " she knows nothing about yon. Can you expect anything but a distinct refusal ?' "And what would you recommend?" lie asked, curling his upper lip. ns lie waited for my advice. " Why, get introduced to her first, nnd wait at least until you know her a little before you make such a proposal," I said. ' Have I not been waiting for the lust two months?" ho answered. " And do you forget that in two days I must leave this place? There is no time for waiting now ; it must be action, immediate and peremptory !" " And arc you quite determined to do — this — this thing ?" " Quite." " And will nothing persuade you that it is an extremely foolish action, nnd one which will be certain to defeat all your wishes?" " Under the circumstances, I consider it the only thing to be done." " I succumbed. In difficulties of a different nature lie had generally proved a better diplomatist than I, and pcrulmnco his skill might extend to this department also. " Well, if it must bo action, ns you say it must, action let it be ; you must write your proposal," I said pulling out the writing- materials with alacrity, and placing a chair for Jack at the desk ; and after a full hour's scribbling down anil scratching out, a clean copy was penned, which ran as follows : — Daii, d'Arkoch Lodgr, 22nd September, 1SG1. D f.au Miss Hallam, — I regret that circum stances hnve prevented me making your acquaintance ere I address to you words, which, I pray, you will not think lightly of, from the mere fact that I have never spoken to yon. Sinco I came here, two months ago, you have excited my intense admiration, which feeling lias lately ripened into a deep and passionate love. My business engagements now demand my immediate return to London, but I feel that I cannot go without first learning from you my fate. I make you now an honourable offer of my hand in marriage, and bpsecch you not to think lightly of it, as on your decision must depend my life's happiness or misery. If possible, an answer per to-day's post will very much oblige. — Yours respectfully, John Ferrars. " That will do," I snid, holding tho sheet, covered with Jack's neat handwriling, arm's- length. " Concise ; to the point ; not too spoony ; slightly formal ; but under the cir cumstances it is better so." Jaok folded the letter and addressed it ; and with serious misgivings at my heart, which I dared not express, I walked with him to the post-oflice, and saw liini drop the missive into tho box. We did nothing all day hut lounge about the houso and garden, waiting anxiously until the postman would bring the letters in the evening. At length, the weary day passed, and the letter-carrier arrived ; and sure enough there it was, a little pink note, addressed to John Ferrars, Esquire. My heart beat as quickly as if it bad been my own hnppiness that was at stake as Jack broke tho seal. I looked over his shoulder, and what we both saw was : — Wednesday afternoon. Dear Mr. Ferrars, — I nccopt the great honour you have done mo. Before, however, meeting you, I would like vbii to see papa, and obtain his consent to our engagement. — Yours sincerely, Eunice Hallam. There is an old adage that says " truth is stranger than fiction," nnd if ever I felt the force of it, it was as I read that note. Contrary to all my expectations, Jack had actually beon accepted ! Ho boro his good fortune with much more equanimity than I did, his only remark being: "Eunice — what a pretty name?" While I, with strangely mixed feelings, actually got up a " hurrah !" The next difficulty was how or where to meet Colonel Hallam and obtain his consent. An idea seized me ; I had seen the old colonel walk down tho road a short time before. "Stay you here," I said to Jack ; and putting on my hat, off I bolted. I had not gone far when I espied the colonel leaning ou n w ire- fence, watching some workmen digging a drain. Pretending to he interested in the sainu pursuit, T. walked up to him, and made some remaik regarding the work. Thereafter we trot upon the most friendly terms, which ended, as I intended it should, by his walking borne with me, and coming into the house to join us in a rubber at whist. I conducted him into the dining- room, and went for Jack. Ho began to get slightly nervous when lie heard what I had done, but I told him not to say anything to the colonel about bis daughter to-night, only to make himself as agreeable as lie could. I then instructed Mrs. Mason to set down the very best she had in tho house for supper, and went to entertain our interesting guest. Wo found him a charming old gentleman. At whist, he aud dummy beat Jack and mo : and possessing an inexhaustible fund of humorous stories, tho time passed so pleasantly that it was twelve o'clock before lie rose to go. A cordial invitation to visit him was ex tended to us, as we bade him good. night iu the luill, which was exactly what I wanted, and meant wo should have. Pulling a grave face, E said : "Nothing would have given us greater pleasure had we been staying longer, but we were to lenve for London the day after to morrow." "Then you must spend to-morrow evening with inc," was his hearty rejoinder. " I will take no refusal." And to this arrangement wo agreed. "A thousand thanks to yoti, Bob ; you're a capital fellow," said Jack, gratefully grasping my imnd as we separated for the night. " Ferrars !" "Hollo!" " Are you ready r" I was douuing my dress- suit preparatory to presenting mysolf in Colonel Hallam's drawing-room. " Yes." " Come here, then." He came in, dressed for conquest evidently, and looking faultlessly handsome. I surveyed hitn criiically. There was not an item amiss, from the neglige arrangement of his auburn curls to the polish of his patent leathers. "How do I look?" he asked, with a gay laugh and a satisfactory glance at his mag-- nificent proportions in the mirror. " Like a Polish prince, "-I answered. " Miss Hallam may have many lovers, but I'll b6t a new hat she uevor had a better-looking follow than you. Now, look here ; you'll do exactly as I tell you, aud not divergo ono iota from the rule I lay down. Ask for Colonel Hallam, aud say you wish to soo him alone. When the first greetings are over, you'll explain to him that Mr. Harding is detained for a short time with a little packing ho had. to finish, and that you did not wait for him, as you hnd something to communicate to him — the colonel. Then pitch into the subject nearest your heart ; tell him of your business and social connections, aud don't neglect to impress him with the fact that you're your mother's only son, and heir to her fortune and estates. These sort of things go a long way with the old boy3." Having thus delivered my advice to Jaok, I sent him off to push his sentimental fortunes with Colonel Hallam, and sat down pensively to smoke a cigar, before following him. About half an hour afterwards I sallied forth, and a minute or two found me ringing at the colonel s front door. My heart boBt audibly, as, following tho servant upstairs, I heard tho sound of a piano, and Miss Hallam's voice merrily bumming a bar or two of some lively air, and felt much relieved when the door of tbo library was thrown open, and I fouud myself ushered into tho presence of only Colonel Hallnm mid Jaok. One glance at Jack's flushed aud radieut fnce, as he stood leaning against the marble mantel-piece, sufficed to assure mo that all had gone "merry ns a marriage-bell " with him, and with a feoling of thankfulness I returned theoolonel's greeting. "Come away, now, and see tho ladies; I know this boy is getting impatient," ho said, with a twinkle in his eye, aud heilaid his hand familiarly on Ferrars's shoulder. "It's all right, old boy, and I'm the happiest follow alive," whispered Jack, as wo followed the colonel down-stairs ; but I had only time to grasp his hand and give it a squeeze ot congratulation, when tho drawing- room door was opened, and wo entered. The older lady was seated on a couch beside tbe fireplace, where a. fire had been lighted, for the eveuings wero getting chill ; the younger was leaning on tho grand piano, engaged in looking over sorao music. Both stood eroct when we entered. The colonel, going over to the elder lady, took hor hand, and led her forward, saying as ho did so : "Eunice, I hnve muoh pleasure in introducing Mr. Ferrars to you. — My daughtor, Mr. Ferrars." Ferrars turnod deadly pale. " And — aud — tho other — lady ?" he gasped, looking round at the beautiful young girl standing at the piano. .» " My wife." I don't suppose our constornntion eould have been greater had a bomb-sholl eutured the apartment. Jnck would have fallen had I not supported him. Every one seeiued to take in the situation at a glance. Miss Hallam did not faint or scream, or do anything which a younger or more sentimental lady in similar circumstances might have done, but she blushed as deeply as her faded complexion would allow of, and, covering her face with her hands, Baid : " Ob, how dreadful ! he has thought Nelly was my father's daughter." Mrs. Hallam glided to her side and led her from the room, while the colonel and I applied restoratives to poor Jack's colourless lips. " Poor fellow,'' muttered tho colonel ; " I see his unlucky mistake. 1 wish, for the sake of everybooy concerned, this had not happened." "This explains the ready acceptance of Ferrars's proposal, and the colonel's willing agreemeut to let his daughter marry a com parative stranger," I inwardly growled, in disdain of the whole business, as I loosened the tie which Jack had bo carefully arranged an hoar before. When he had somewhat recovered, we took him home, and laid him on the sofa in the dining-room. I sat by him all the evening, and although ho did not seem in the least excited or feverish, he kept asking me suah strange questions, and seemed so unconscious of all that had transpired, that I was afraid his bruin was affected. I, however, was deter mined that we should not on any consideration rornain a day longer iu Dail d'Arroch ; and summoning Mrs. Mason, I instructed hor to get our traps ready, as we required to be off . by the first stonmer in the morning. "Mr. Forrars doos not feel"" very woll," I added, in reply to a glance of inquiry she cast at Jack as ho lay motionless on tho sofa. "He has bad nnploasaut news from home." . My conscience sinoto mo for tho deliberate falsehood I uttered, but I felt that some excuse was necoosnry for the prostrate condition of Eerrnrs. But Mrs. Mason was so profuso in hor expressions of sympathy, that somehow or othor E could not help conjecturing thatsho guossod somowhat of tho truth. At sovon o'clock the next morning, a clogo oarriago wns drawn up to tho door, and Jack and I were driven for the lust time down the trim avenue, nnd nrrived at the pier in good time to catch tho stonmor. Ferrars's manner was unnatural and oxcited, and I felt as if I dnred not loavo him for an instant. What need to relate our miserable journey south : enough to say that wlien we reached London, Ferrars was in the delirium of fever. The attack provod a virulent ono, and for six weeks ho lay partly uuconscious, even after the delirium had loft him. When at last he began to recover, I took a run down to the Isle of Wight with him, leaving him in charge of his mother, who was staying there. In tho course of six weeks he oarae back, looking almost as woll as over. Ho showed me a letter which ho had received from Colonel Hallam, in which that worthy gentleman ex pressed his deepest sympathy. The letter went on to say that the writer had adjusted matters at home as delicately as he could ; and that, bad ho for a moment supposed that Mr. Ferrars had mistaken his wife for his daughter, his friend should have been spared the unfortunate denouement in the drawing- room. The occurrence which so nearlv cost him his life was novor agaiu reverted to by us. And up to this date at least-, lie seems quite contented with his bachelor chambers and the society of his old friend Bob Harding. 