INDIA AND THE EAST. (From the Brisbane Courier) BOMBAY. The festivities in honor of the visit of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales continue on a scale of much magnificence. His Royal Highness to-day re- ceived the visits of several leading Maharajahs, and afterwards held a levee, which was very numerously attended, and subsequently pro- ceeded to a fete given, to seven thousand native children of all castes. The prince was greatly pleased with the spectacle and |the enthusiasm exhibited by the children. Wreaths of flowers were placed around his neck by Parsee girls, and the extreme affability of his Royal Highness was the subject of much comment. The National hymn—God bless the Prince of Wales—was sung by the children in their native tongue and the whole scene was most striking. The Prince of Wales returned the visits of several Marharajah's and then visited the Secre- tariat and an enormous marque erected on the esplanade, where upwards of twenty-two thou- sand sailors, marines, and soldiers were being en- tertained at dinner. The prince entirely won the hearts of the men by moving freely among them and drinking to their health and making short speeches. His Royal Highness, at a later period of the day, laid the foundation stone of the new wet docks with masonic honors. He was most brilliantly received at Poonah The accounts of the spread of cholera in the Southern Mahratta districts, and in the Madras Presidency are so alarming that, at the instance of his physician, Doctor Fayrer, C.S.I., the prince's trip to the Gair Soppa Falls, and the shooting expedition from Beypore, are to be abandoned. It is now questioned whether Madras is to be visited at all. Upon his Royal Highness arriving at Baroda, royal salutes were fired from the batteries of the, English and Gaikwar's artillery. On the train entering the station, the Prince, on alight- ing, was received by the Gaikwar, the Political Resident, and the Commandant of the station, besides other officials. His Royal Highness, in company with the Indian Princes, then mounted a gorgeously caparisoned and painted elephant, be howdall and trappings being of solid gold. The Townsville Times has copied from our columns Monday's and Tuesday's races, without acknowledgment. An information was laid yesterday by Mr. J. R Ross, against Mr. P Maguire, for using threat- ening and abusive language to him. The case will come on for hearing on Friday. We have been informed by Sergeant Mathers that the man alleged to have gone to the Cape was not Michael Dunn but Casey, who was sup- posed to have lost the £22, and who was, in re- ality, the prosecutor, though Dunn gave the man in charge. A fine cake of gold was lodged in the Queens- land National Bank on Monday from the No. 2 St. Patrick. It forms portion of a large parcel of stone now being crushed at the " Venus" machine. This lot was about 300 tons, and yielded 734 ozs. 10 dwts. The stone is still going through. A meeting of the stewards of the Christmas Races Committee was held on Monday night at Tierney's Mining Exchange Hotel. All the ac- counts were passed, with the exception of Mr. Hansford's, which the secretary was instructed to settle. It was unanimously resolved that a sum of £20 should be presented to the secretary for his services. The Ravenswood Times refers to a case of whipping a black gin on which a letter appears in our columns. We have no desire to raise a howl against a public officer; our principle has been invariably to stand on the side of law, order, and authority and to put the " Roughs" down with a strong hand. Occasionally a " Rough " is found among the civil servants, and the letter we publish to-day shows to what length a rough of that character can go. We have abstained from giving the names of the actors in this black gin business. While there is a probability that the perpetrators of the outrage may be brought before a Court of Justice, we feel bound to be silent. On Christmas Eve the Odd Fellows' ball came off in their fine hall. A supper-room, running the whole length of the building, was put up for the occasion, and the arrangements were of the most perfect kind. There were about sixty couples present, and dancing was kept up with spirit until a late hour. Mr. Binder presided at the supper; only a few toasts were proposed. Mr. Clark was providore, and put a most unex- ceptionable supper on the table. The Odd Fellows have a wonderful knack of making their annual re-unions go off well. The secret lies, we believe, in the heartiness with which each of the members devotes himself to studying the comfort of " the strangers." The society here has proved a grant success, and we congratulate it on the evident signs of vitality it displays. The only shipment of importance made per the s.s. "Victoria" was that by the Bank of New South Wales of 5000 ozs. This has been accumulated since the departure of the " Leich- hardt," on the 18th, and is no bad indication of the state of the Palmer Gold-fields. The other Banks hold a considerable quantity, which, we presume, they will ship per the s.s. " Florence Irving," about the 2nd or 3rd January.—Cook- town Herald, 29th December. Gold has been rejected at Maryborough, and the Millenimum is not yet come. Perhaps diamonds were wanted ! The Wide Bay News says:—Some prospectors came in a few days ago with three ounces of precious metal, and thought, in the simplicity of their hearts, that getting the coined equivalent for their treasure was the easiest thing in the world. They took it to a bank—judge their astonishment when they found it was refused ; they tried a second and a third, still with the same result, and in despair they abandoned the attempt to sell it. They say that when they next get gold, they will make their way to some place where people are not too proud to take it. "Atticus" writes in this week's Leader:— " New Zealand is certainly ahead of Victoria in some things. For instance, I never heard of a woman in this country being employed under ground in a mine. But in Otago such a spectacle is not altogether unknown, and a girl clad in male attire works regularly in a coalpit not twenty miles from Dunedin. Inasmuch as no female in the mother country is allowed to work in a coalpit, it shows either that the women of New Zealand are more industrious, or else that their husbands are more exacting than they are in England. And it is a sad libel upon a new country that they should be called upon to unsex themselves in a way which would not be toler- ated in the old world." Another example of how history repeats itself. We all know the story of the shipwrecked sailors in a sinking boat inviting each other to pray, and when none were able, then " Let us," suggested one of them, " make a collection." They were not to be baulked of at least one religious cere- mony. Now, a few weeks ago the clergyman of St. Bartholomew, near Adelaide, was taken ill during morning service. A well-known lawyer finished the prayers, and then said " I am not prepared with a sermon, but—we will have a collection."—"Ægles," in the Australasian. After the last sentence of the law had been carried into effect upon the body of the unfortu- nate John Weechurch, a cast of his head (says the Age) was taken, under the supervision of Mr. Doubleday, the phrenologist, Mr. Doubleday states that Weechurch was a very dangerous person to be allowed to remain at large, as his vanity was so inordinate that it would induce him to perpetrate any outrage to gratify it. The influence of his animal organs prepondera- ted, while the moral and reflective ones were small. The organs of destructiveness, com- bativeness, secretiveness, and acquisitiveness were largely developed, while that of conscientious- ness was remarkably small. His constitution was excitable and active. Had he been possess- ed of money he would have given way to excess- ive indulgence in animal vices. He was an easy victim to flattery, and by no means insensible to past favors. He was endowed with a generous feeling for his companions in distress. His early training and organization required military or naval discipline to render him a useful member of society in after life, as be was possessed of very little self-control. Galopin and Lowlander.—The £1000 match between Prince Batthyany's Galopin and Mr. Bird's Lowlander, run over the Rowley Mile at Newmarket, resulted in the victory of the former, Odds of 6 to 4 were laid on Galopin. Betting, 12 to 8 on Galopin. A minute or two was cut to waste at the post, owing to the restive ness of Galopin. Directly the signal was given Fordham sent the heavy weight to the front, and coming along at a capital pace towards the Bushes, he held a length, leading the Derby hero, who, however, was pulling hard over the leader the whole way. After passing the T.Y.C. win- ning post, Galopin began to draw up, and at the Bushes the pair were level. Directly the de- scent into the Abingdon Mile Bottom was com- menced Morris began to send his horse along and when in the dip held a lead of half a length, Fordbam being now hard on Lowlander. From this point the race was virtually over, as Galopin gradually increased his lead, and won very cleverly by a length. Time, as taken by Ben- son's chronograph, 1 min. 51½ sec. Galopin is three years old and carried 8st. 2lbs., and Low- lander, five years, carried 9st. The Paris correspondent of the Telegraph writes: — There is a ghost in Calais, or rank sorcery, or wicked powers of some sort working. In that town dwells a certain Topham, who keeps a factory. In front of the factory is a wall of considerable height, which protects its ground floor from passers-by. A house over looks it, however. Last Wednesday the row began. A volley of stones, decending from un known regions, and thrown by unseen hands, suddenly smashed all the windows and hurt two girls at work. All day the bombardment lasted, in spite of the police. Thursday the gendarmes occupied the factory, not doubting that all the evil powers would be stilled by the magisterial pretence of the law. But stones fell in a shower beneath their very noses, and the utmost activity of the police could not discover whence they came. Friday, the Commissioner and half a dozen of his trusty minions betook themselves to the spot, and searched and watched to no better purpose. They went across and occupied the house opposite, holding its strategic points and setting up an observatory on the roof. Quite fruitlessly. The bombardment recommences from time to time with a vigor that recals the great sieges of history. So the affair stands as yet, and people say it's spirits. We learn that the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer has been advised by cablegram of the sale by the banking agents of the colony in London of a parcel of debentures representing £1,000,000, and being an instalment of the 4 per cent. loan of £1,695,300 authorised by the Loan Act of last session. The particulars now received are in all respects confirmatory of our Press message on the subject, published on the 15th instant, which stated that the previously- declared mini- mum fixed was 91, and that tenders were re ceived for a million and a quarter, chiefly at £91 10s. At this price, the purchasers would have to receive interest at the rate of £4 10 6d. per annum ; and we are informed that the interest on these debentures at the price at which they were actually allotted will average within 1s. 6d. of that rate. The latest instructions from Bris- bane were to the effect that the minimum should be fixed at 90, or at any higher figure which the bank might think advisable to adopt. The sale is a most satisfactory one for the colony, and affords gratifying evidence that colonial securi ties are rising in the English market, prob- ably owing to the late default of the Turkish Government, and the damaging disclosures respecting the financial condition of some other States whose bonds had for some time hitherto stood abnormally high with capitalists. It was also a fortunate circumstance that the loan recently negotiated for New Zealand by Mr. Vogel was not placed on the market in the usual way, but through the agency of the Messrs. Rothschild. Those bonds found their way into new channels, and so the market was left in a favorable condition for the disposal of the Queensland debentures.—Courier. The Brisbane Courier's Hongkong corres- pondant writes by the last mail, under date November 10:— It is impossible to give you re- liable information respecting our quarrel with the Chinese ; every day telegrams come from Shanghai, and each one differs from the pre- ceding one. Several times war has been re- ported and contradicted the next day ; at last we have heard something definite—vis., that the commission to Sunnan has started, but it will be a long time before we know what the result will be. Mr. Grosvenor is in charge, and Mr. Baber is the interpreter. Business here is dreadfully slack, and there has been nothing in- teresting going on during the last three months. There have been disturbances at Perak with the Malays, and three companies of the 80th are going down from here to-morrow to Singapore to assist the 16th. Captain Innes, R.E., has been killed, and several soldiers also, in the first brush with the Malays. Mr. Birch, the resident at Perak, has been assassinated. The gunboat Ringdove went away yesterday to assist, and the Egeria is to follow at once. The jungle is very dense in the Straits Settlements, and we shall probably lose many men forcing their way through it. A telegram has just been received stating that the steamer Glengyle is a total wreck off Swatow ; the captain and a few others were drowned. Sir A. Kennedy expected next month. The weather is very pleasant now, and cricket has commenced. The ponies are being trained for the Canton races, which take place next month. A few days ago, writes the Melbourne corres- pondent of the Courier, an up country paper stated that the whole colony of German immi- grants were starving near Benalla. The police and the reporters proceed thither, and found, at Cocked-hat Creek, a collection of huts containing some folks dying of scurvy and a prophetess. Explanation being had, it was discovered that, just before the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian war, there had lived in the village of Hanau, in Silesia, a woman named Maria Heller, who prophesied concerning that calamity. In 1874, she further said that a tremendous revolution was about to take place, and that the only safe place would be Australia. Sixty-four of the un happy villagers cast in their lot with hers, clubbed their money, and made tracks for the promised land. If Miss Heller had been Moses she could not have brought them into Canaan by a more circuitous route. First they went to Hamburg, and thence to London, whence the Somersetshire conveyed them to Melbourne. A Silesian, one Berndt, had some land at Benalla, and to Benalla went the party by waggon! Their cumbrous household furniture was packed in vans, and, after unheard-of tribulations, they reached their destination. Among them they took up 800 acres, and, having spent what money they had left in purchasing rations, soon began to starve. Poor Berndt paid £60 for the freight and charges on their luggage, and supplied them with food as long as he could. When the prophetess, however, desired her flock not to work, Berndt, declined to further interfere, and withdrew his protection. The police supplied their wants, and medical attendance was ordered for the sick. The woman, Heller, is described as being hideously ugly, given to hysterical fits, and prone to polyandry, having several husbands among her desciples. She once received a mes- sage in her sleep that a young man named Messingbrod was to marry her. Messingbrod did so, and soon after she had another vision of one Schultz, and he at present is her chosen mate. 