HARD TIMES IN NEW ZEALAND. The following is nil extract from an amusing letter written by a gentleman well known on the Geelong Prcs3 to a re sident of tliis town, dated New Zealand, May 22nd:—"I promised wlicn I left Geelong that when I had .an opportunity I should write to you, and that promise it is now my intention to keep. Since my arrival at Port Clialmers my career has been a somewhat chequered one; dull, dismal clouds lowering, but 1 suppose the brilliant sunshine lurks behind. Dime din, the commercial metropolis of New Zealand, proved a disappointment; its press belonged to a charmed circle; it was the exclusive property of a Press Club, and there was no opening, not the ghost of a loop-hole, for a Vic torian interloper like me. I sought other employment — behind the counter aud the bar—but was doomed to dis appointment. One' of the reliable (1) organs of public opinion trumpeted forth the praises of a labor agent, and declared there was lots of work for those who would adapt themselves to circumstances. I paid my fee, and hung about the steps of the agent's office until my toes were cramped and my patience exhausted. A few days before Xmas, with lialf-a-crown— the remains of my aniplefortune—Istarted on the wallaby track. 1 deposited my me morable black bell-topper under a manuka tree, abandoned my paper collar, and dressed myself as a new chum. For about a week I encountered the most de lightful privations imaginable! Travel ling on scant fare and roosting at night where'er I could find shelter. At the end of that period—one of the happiest in my life—I found myself over a hundred miles on my way, at a place called Papakau, with a skinned nose and blis tered toes, and my elastic-sides worn to the verge of desperation. The Pro vincial Government of Otago were at this place engaged rectifying the absurdities of a tramway made some months previously by a pet contractor and passed as perfect by the obsequious offi cers of the department. I applied for employment and two days afterwards commenced a brief career with pick and shovel on the Awamoka railway. To tell you all my experiences in my new capa city would be a long, even if interesting, tale. You will probably conceive some of my pleasures, how I manufactured " palm" oil and patent blisters. I boarded at an hotel and slept in the £: dead-house," a place fitted up with bunks, just as on board of a steamer. * * For some time I have been engaged with a survey party, and I am just beginning to get on my legs, and save a little money. 1 never was in better health or condition ; but, as usual, I am not at all contented. I have lots of exercise, travelling on the average 20 miles daily over rough ground and hilly country. There are three of us aud a cook. We live well, and have lots of fresh air ! By-and-bye I suppose I shall be a Jack-of-all-trades. Some of tliese odd days I will write you more fully, and give you a better account of this highly taxed and much indebted country." 