[?] MADCAP VIOLET, BY WILLIAM BLACK. AtiSSOB OF A FBINCEBS O* THUEB, THSBB ,--'-- FEA.THBES, &0., fcO. . Tublijshed l»y special arrangement with, the author,} All rights reserved.] Chabxe* XVIII. — Castle Bandbox, ~ N.B. £ (Continued.) 'Which was the xaore lovely then — the seaward view, or the landward? The far- stretching arms of the still blue water lay around the soft green, islands ; the sunlight shone on the white tower of a lighthouse aome dozen miles away ; one or two ships, looking like toys, lay be calmed ; and away beyond these, over the dazzling brightness of the sea. rose the majestic shoulders and peaks of the Morven hills, grown pale and ethereal in iheir summer hues. Inland, again, the eye zested on an endless series of moun tain-ranges — mountain - billows they almost ; seemed te be — decreasing in Intensity of color until they appeared as mere clouds at the horizon. Those nearer at hand were mostly of an olive green color where the sunlight caught their slopes, with here and there a patch of pale fpurple, telling of a motionless cloud overhead. Which was the more lovely — the 'blue summer sea, with its low, long islands, its white ships, and its faintly-colored hills, or this vast and silent world of mountains, close up to the sky ? ' Are ye no goin' on, sir ? Mr. Drummond started, for the sound of a human voice sounded strangely in the great stillness. 'AH right, Peter.' Again they pushed forward, ami it almost seemed as if their bad luck was following them up here also, when Jack suddenly ceased his wild plunges over the^moor. He had got into a gentle liollow between a mass of rocks, and appeared convinced that the rusty tufts of heather and the green masses of bracken concealed something mysterious send awful, Suddenly the absolute silence of the mountain-top was broken by what was nothing less than a wild and general scrimmage. From all parts of the heather, one after another, rose a succession of huge brown masses, that flew this way and that with a noise like the throbbing 1 of a paddle-steamer, infinitely quickened; and bang after bang came from the re loaded gun. The dog seemed to be rushing everywhere, with Peter howling oaths in Gaelic at him ; the air was filled with Bulphurous smoke ; the hills were echoing the heavy m leketry fire. Then there was a gpause — an awful Silence, and a look of bewilderment on the face of the sportsman. Had he shot anything ? he seemed to ask, after all this terrible commotion. There was a loud howl from Jack ; for Peter — assured that the firing was over, and his life no longer in danger — had rushed at the dog to admonish him with a whip, at the same time getting hold of a bird that was doubtless oo the point of being devoured. 'That is a nice dog of yeur's, Peter.' €t He is a ferra good dog,' whateffer,' contended Peter, sturdily, as he went to pick up two more birds. ' Ass I wass saying afore, there will be nothing will pass the nose of him, and if he isa a little to eager in the rinnin, we can cure him of that. And we will not cure him of that unless you will shoot the birds.' 'Are you grumbling still? Haven't I Just shot some birds 2' 'Three, sir; ay, sir, you hef shoot Hhree. But ass for the number o£ them that you hef missed, ay, Kott only knows that.' $ ' By heavens, I have a great mind to Shoot you, Peter.' ' You would miss me, sir,' said Peter, fmperturbably. ' I don't mean to rob the hangman, anyhow,' said his master. ' ISow put the birds in your bag, and we will go clown to the loch.7' 'Already, sir?' said Peter; but the aremonstrance was of no avail ; the sports inan proceeding to cross the ridge of the 9x111 until he came in sight of a fresh water loch lying in a small hollow far felow him. It was a picturesque little lake that lay there in th« cup of the mountains. One iialf of its surface was hidden by water lillies, the white stars of the flowers gleaming here and there among the broad green leaves ; the other half of the lake showing a perfect mirror of the over hanging hills and sky, with this diffe rence, that, whereas the brilliant colors of the sky 'were faithfully reflected, the spectral mountains that went away down 5nto those blues and whites were of a uniform rich shining brown, as deep in color as & newly-cut peat. That, indeed, ?was the color of the clear dark water itself come from the mountain rills. There was a small boat on the lake, lying motionless ; and there were two figures in the boat, one distinguished by aw trite feather that gleamed in the sun. ffFhen the sportsman, high on the moun tain top, sent down hia view-halloo, he yras answered by the flattering of two Iiandkerchiefa ; and presently, as he pro ceeded to descend the hill, he saw two liny oars put out, and the boat begin to creep slowly to the shore. ' Now, girls, set to work to get lun cheon ready,' -was the command. ' Why, you might have had the hamper opened, and the cloth spread on the grass, and 'everything ready, instead of idling out there in. a boat. la this a fit reception for a weary hunter returning from the jatigue of the chase ?' ?** What spoils has the weary hunter f&eught; back with him?' demanded the elder of the two girls; whereupon she was cr«dmonished not to indulgea vaiitcuriosity, \- Jtait instead, to put the bottles of beer into .; JHfel&fce; tocdol;; :^efweTitryJteinter.con '' ilfcentedly sate andibeheiS thjeie and other t ^preparations being made foriois epmfort. \- Jit was a flo^kden^y^ktariwqueand eii* ^y$-lelittle*m^ the solitary lake, amid tlm lulenCe of the lulls, in the breathless warmth and bril liancy pf a summer day. The discontented Jpeterand his erratic companion Jack were both seated at $onie distance off, on a bank of green breckans;; and with them was the boy who had brought the basket all the ;way from Castle. Bandbox. In front of the mighty hunter lay the four birds that had been taken forth, from the bag for purposes of display. The luncheon itself was distributed in a promiscuous manner over such bits of reck, tufts of heather, and clumps of breckan as were moat con venient. And when a soothing pipe followed the frugal meal, and introduced a new per fume into the warm air, the hunter, with a great look of contentment on his face, began to discourse; and his discourse was of all things in the earth, and the air, and. the sea. First of all, if the report of a faithful listener is to be credited, it treated of the dying- out of metaphoric speech in literature. It pointed out that the whole of Shakspeare is written in that now unknown tongue ; it dealt with the substitution of similes for metaphors ; it traced the degeneracy of similes into the ' allusions ' of news paper-articles. And then, harking back upon Shakspeare, it asserted that the greatest good fortune which could befall a certain young lady, then present, waa that she might never lose her sense of wonder ; that she should never get into the habit of taking the facts and pheno mena of the world as matters of course ; that always the mystery of life should be before her eyes. 'What happiness it would be, continued this indolent orator, if one could come fresh to the reading of Shakspeare ; if one's familiarity in youth with the existence of Juliet, and Rosa lind, and Xing Lear, and Autolycus, could be absolutely wiped out; if one were introduced, with all the sense of novelty and wonder, to the magic world of Puck and Ariel, rto the mysterious horrors of Macbeth, and the idyllic quiet of Arden Forest. By and by, remarked the master to his attentive pupil, you will understand better what I mean when we take you to the lonely shores of Mull and the solitary coasts of Skye ; and there you will learn how the ways and doings of humanity, which are the whole world to a dweller in cities, are really but a trifling and temporary accident in the history of that awful world that existed through innumerable ages without a sign of life in its empty seas and its silent lands. 'You ask me sometimes,' said he, apparently addressing Violet, but with hia eyes fixed idly on the still waters of the lake, 'why I laugh at very seriou3 people who are desperately in, earnest about their affairs. Well, I think it was those lonely hills in the west Highlands did that for me. If you only think of it, it seems strange enough this intense preoccupation during the brief moment that one calls life — this f orgetfulness of why and wherefore, and to what end. The man who has made is eighty thou sand is miserable until he makes it ninety thousand ; and he works away as if he had whole series of lifetimes to fall back upon, instead of one, and that one the most puzzling of all mysteries. Tho3e mountains of Skye, in their awful age, silence and desolation— I wonder if they take any notice of the race of little creatures temporarily occupying the surface of the earth — children who take no heed of yesterday or to-morrow — they don't know where they came from ; they don't know where they are going j but the presestfhour is enough for them, and they must be desperately in earnest over their pastimes and occupations ; some strumming on drums and making a great noise in the world j.othera wearing wigs and looking wise ; others picking up bits of metal and anxious only to say ' My hoard is bigger thanSyours.' And then, at the end of the day, sleep cornea down on the children — the gentle mother Death hushes all that strife of drums and tongues, the quarrelling, and striving, and anxiety — and the mystery of that strange day and its doings remains un solved. Perhaps the new day will bring more light,' he added, after a pause. ' Are ye'goin' on, sir ?' said Peter, coming up with evident impatience in his face. ' Gracious goodness, this man is as in tent on killing birds as if he hadn't a soul bo he saved !' exclaimed the indo lent sportsman. 'Peter, do you know you have a soul to be saved ?' ' I ken we hef been here for an hour and more as an hour,' said Peter, gloomily. 'You see, he won't answer. He is like that countryman of hia who wouldn't tell a cross-examining counsel whether he was a Protestant or a Roman Catholic for fear of committing himself. All that could be got out of him was, * I tell you, sir, I hef no bias.' And yet it is very curious,'* he continued, just as if there was no hiatus in his train of thought, 'what rich people could do if only tbey were less in earnest and tried te amuse themselves. I have often thought, if I were a rich man, I should like to stand at Temple Bar with a thousand sove reigns in a bag, and give one to each person who passed, irrespective of his ap pearance. Mind you, you could confer a great deal of happiness that way, for even those who were themselves rich would feel a comfortable sensation in getting an unexpected sovereign— they would get a little glow of satisfaction just as if they had drunk a glass of dry sherry before sitting down to dinner-^—' 'Are ye goin' on, sir?' again asked the impatient Peter. ' Yes, I am goin' on, Peter, but not with the shooting— not at present. Why, your head is as full of the shooting — you remind me of the Highland boatman who took out a celebrated traveller in bis boat for an evening's fishing ; and when he was asked afterwards what he thought of the great man, he said, with great bitter ness, *Ay, hashetrafettedmuch?. Well, there iss no appearance of it ; for I wass thinking lie would speak of Inllfyg and fighting the lions and teegers ; but it wass nothing but the feshen and the feshen he will speak of, and there was nothing In his head but the feshen and the feshen, and any one knows about the feshen.' But if ye inust go we must. You girls must put ^ack those things in the basket, and give it tp the |-oy/ Amy,' when you have reported ' jqnraelf at tome, go down to Joni'Macleanand tell him we Bhall want his boat to-night. Take a brace of birds, apiece. Good bye P 'Any more orders, please sir?' asked Violet, meekly,. ^ a- --???-? 'Go away, and 'don't be impertinent to people older than yourseif,'r said the sportsman, as he shouldered his gun,. and Bet off. :''. .,: .'-: Now that afternoon, whether it was that he considered something due to the 12th, or whether it was that he wished to provide the small household with game sufficient to give him two or three days' idleness, Mr. Drummond went seriously and diligently to work ; and by dint of firing a geat many times, whether the birds rose wildly or not, he managed to make a bag which even satisfied Peter. As they walked home, indeed, in the evening, Peter was quite cheerful .and loquacious — in his 'grim fashion, that is to say, for in his most mirthfnl moments he spoke in a discontented, querulous tone, as if he dared not admit to himself that he had nothing to grumble about. And on this occasion his unwonted levity took the form of telling stories about a relative of his, one John Mac Farlane, who was keeper to Mr. Maclean, of Caxn-Sloe; and the aim of those stories, so far as could be made out, was to show that John MacFarlane was a stupid man who said and did ridiculous things, but that all the same John Mac Farlane was more than a match for the English, who were more stupid still. ' Ay,' said Peter, ''there wass a ferry cleffer Englishman, and he will know all about the stones and the rocks, and he will say to John, ' John, you belief in your Bible, and you belief that all tha people that hef lived in the world will rise again on the last day ;' and John, he will say, 'Yes, sir, I belief that.' Aud the Englishman, he will say, sNovr, John, I will tell you something ; and it is this, that if the whole world wass made :of phosphates, there would not be enough of phosphates to make bones for all those people ; and what do you say to that, John?' And John, he will not wait long for his answer, 'Well, sir,' this wasB what John will say, ' the Bible will tell us that them that are dead in the Lord will rise first ; and I am sure thera will he plenty of phosphates for them ; and as for the wicked psople, I do not care if they hef not a leg to stand on.' And it wass a ferry good answer to gif to the Englishman.' ' It was a very good answer, but it is a very wicked story, Peter.' ' There wass another story,' continued Peter, with a twinkle in his eye, but the same grumbling tons in his voice, ' ferry wicked ; but many's the time I will hef a laugh at that story. That was about two men in a boat, and the night it was so black they could not find their way into the harbor at all, and the wind it wass blowing ferry hard. And the one he eajs to the other, * Duncan, you must gif a prayer now, ©r we will neffer get into the harbor at all.' And Duncan he says, ( I canna do it ; you maun do it your self, Donald.' And Donald, he will say, ' Tam you, Duncan, if you do not gif a prayer, we will be trooned as sure as death, for I can see nothing but black ness,' And so it was' that Duacan will stay in the stern of the boat, and he will kneel down, and he will say, ' O, Lord, it iss fifteen years since I hef asked you for anything, but it will be another fifteen years before I will ask you for anything more, if you will tek the boat into the harbor. And then, sure enough, at this moment there was a great sound of the boat going on the beach, and Donald, that wass up at the bow, he will cry out, ' Stop, Duncan, do not pray any more ; do not be beholden to any body, bekass the boat's ashore already. ' 'It seems to me, Peter,' said his companion, slowly, ' that there is a great deal of latent villany about you.' 'What, sir!' ' You are a jiber and a jeerer at solemn things.' ' Indeed I am not, 'sir,' said XPeter, indignantly. ' A story iss only a story, and you will get a laugh from it ; and the man who Ibb afrait of a story iss a foolish man, whether he iss an Englishman or whether he is not an Englishman.' ' In my country they don't understand joking about such things, Peter.' ' Kott pless me, sir, in your country I am not sure that they will understand anything,' said Peter, coolly. This general proposition Peter pro ceeded to justify by quoting instances of extraordinary ignorance on the part of English people whom ha had met — people who did not know the difference between a sea-trout and a grilse, who called a loch a lock, and wore kid gloves when they went out shooting Mr. Drum xnond listened with great patience and in silence, apparently deeply ashamed of his country and countrymen. And now, as they trudged along the solitary road, they got down into the valleys \ and though there was a wooded hill on their left that shut off the sea, they saw by the great -blaze of crimson over the dark line of the trees that the sun was setting in the west ; while in the wide and silent hollow before them, over the cold greens of the marsh, a pale white mist was beginning to gather. Suddenly, however, they got out of this pale and cold valley, and were confronted by all the bewildering colors of the sunset over the sea. Along the western skies lay a sultry aad dusky redness — a confused mist of colored light ; and the mountains of Hull and of Morvey, rising into it were ot a beautiful reddish purple, and seemingly transparent. Out there the long green islands were growing dark over the silver grey of the sea — a silver-grey broken by olive-green ?plashes as the water lapped round the rocks ; but further oat still the sea was a smooth plain of crimson, bewildering to the eye, and causing one long neck ot land to look as black as jet. They were in the land of gorgeous sunsets ; and the stranger had not as yet become familiar with such splendid exhibitions of color. It was with a dumb regret that he had to turn away from the shore again, and take to the hills, though now the warm red light was ?hining across {the slopes:. of heather and bracken. The ? mall white mouse on the nigh knoll gave him a kindly welcome. A pair of swallows were flying about the gables. A tiny terrier wagged her tail; aa lie approached; ; There waa ascent ©£ : meadow- sweet V in the evening air. Three brace of grouse, three hares, a rabbit, a brace of snipe, a black-cock (shot by. misadventure, and carefully hidden away at the foot, of the game bag %j the unscrupulous Peter), and a land rail ; this was the spoil which the mighty hunter had brought home, and which he stoutly contended was all that a man could get off that piece of ground in a jungle day. Nevertheless there waa a fierce war of words during that evening meal at Castle Bandbox ; and proposals to call in JPeter to .give testimony as to the number of misses. The hunter treated these suspicioiis with scorn. Greater peace prevailed when the small household came but again into the cool evening — indeed, they were struck silent by the transformation that had come ever the world. All round the horizon the great mountains were black as night ; over them was the smooth and lambent expanse of the sky, with the full orb of the moon glowing in its mellow light; far away, in the east, over the black range of the hills, a planet burned clear in the blue. Then the moonlight fell on the furze and brackens near them, touching them with a soft grey ; while along the slopes of the mountains behind them, where there were strips of cultivated land, it lit up those small patches of corn almost to a siLver whiteness among the ebony- black shadows of the overhanging recks. There was not a cloud in the clear dark heavens, nor a murmur from the far expanse of the sea. They went away down the shore, and got out a small rowing-boat, and rowed away from the land. It was the two girls who pulled ; and the sound of the oars was the only sound to be heard in the stillness of the night ; for even a certain loquacious philosopher did not choose to break the mystic silence that reigned over the world. The rocky shores they had left behind became blacker and blacker ; the points of orange fire that told of distant cottages became smaller and smaller ; the white moonlight glittered on the wet blades of the oars. Mull and Morven were awful in their gloom, where the great mountains seemed to be alone with the stars. ' What a dreadful thing it would be,' Violet said, letting her oar rest for a minute, 'to go up one of those moun tains at night, all by yourself — you would imagine every sound was some thing horrible-——' ' Now Violet, that is all founded on a common mistake,' said another voice. 'Just think what you would do if you were a ghost. You wouldn't go away into lonely places, where you could see nothing, of a cold night, and prowl about there. Wouldn't you rather take a nice warm forenoon, and sit invisible on a stile, and see the country-folks drive by to market in the brisk sunshine 1 I do believe that ghosts are frisky fellows, and wouldn't frighten you for the world. Often, when I am passing a wood, I wonder whether any of them are sitting on the fence, having a quiethob-nob among themselves, and perhaps laughing at the way you walk. Of course, if ghosts could plague people by appearing at night, they ought always to plague rich people. The night is tha day of the poor ; then they have every thing redressed arid made right in their dreams. A rich mau in actual life can't eDJoy himself half so much as a poor man who dreams he is rich, or a neglected man who dreams he is famous, or a sickly man who dreams he is an athlete. But do you know who must have the happiest dreams in the world ?' Kobody did know. 'A dog. They are full of life and action, without remorse. And were you ever asked a conundrum in a dream, the answer to which it cost you a desperate effort to make out ; although of course the one side ol your brain that made the conundrum must have known the answer all along ? In going to sleep, too, haven't you had a clear aad delightful conscious ness that your perceptions and fancies were growing quite the reverse of clear — the confusion meaning the approach of the sleep you are waitiag for? Then there is another ? Gracious goodness, what's that !' He had been interrupted by a loud splash, apparently proceeding from a rock some forty or fifty years off. ' It must have been a seal,' said he ; and thereupon he began to tell hia com panions an exciting story of an elderly and near-sighted gentleman who came back to his hotel one day complainng that he had fired three bullets at a seal but missed him each time ; and of a negro who came running in to declare, in wrath and indignation, that, while bathing, he had been fired at three times from the shore and had his ear cut off. Everybody knew that that true legend was about three minutes old. By and by they set off again for the shore, and when they had put up Mr. Maclean's boat, they proceeded to walk away up into the hills, where the moon light was shining coldly on the stone walls, the furze-bushes and the scattered patches of corn. The voices of two young girls broke the silence of the night, singing an old school-song they had often sung to gether. Then they bade farewell to the magic world of moolit sea, and moun tains, and sky ; and a peaceful, beautiful and memorable day came to a welcome end I If one's life could all be made up of such I [To be continued.] 