TH? AM1SRIÇAN DRESS" CRUSADE. . "THE Women's Whisky "War"'having cometo an end, and " Mother Stewart'" having finished her "mission" to this co-. ntry, the ladies of America are now directing their attention, and using their"ener gifïs, to secure what they'.aie pleased tb call .."an improvement", uppn. tito present fashion in female apparel. A scpffing and irreverent editor thus alludes to thc subject, wMoh. jt would appear, is engrossing some considerable share of -public attention on the other side of th-* Atlantic : " The deepest sea may haye a bottom -that 5s find- able, and the longest rood'an end, but the length, breadth, and depth of bores is past finding out. Ol'all bores that ' are incorrigible and int lérable, the female with , a hobby is- the worst, and .of all female bores, .the [ unbalanced members of the Tomfeinoleary Troupe, by courtesy called the AmerL an Fi ee> Dross ¿eagúe, ave the most incor- rigible. Twelve .of these bores have bee» holding, a convention at Philadelphia in thc interest ' of bifurcate I garments and spiritualism. Just think of it. Twelve puny souls encamped in the scrawny day- coloured, bpdies.af twel-e old maids, meeting to turn the fashionable world upside down ana regulate, apporcl for the millions of women in thc world.'. Twelve, lac'/.ing sisters, met to offer thc following resolutions; " Whereas, the fashionable dress of women is un- natural and incompatible with health and exercise; ie never likeli tu be consistent, and would not remain so if it could reach thnt point ; »nd " Whereas, it is inhuman in form in tho inflation of obstocles to locomotion and respiration, thus causing constant waste of vital force ;' therefore, "Resolved, That as friends of humanity we repudiate fashi.-nable dress and recommend.individual choice in fabrics and forms of clothing ; -that to obtain true lives and .equal opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, to elevate woman above slaves and pernicious habits, we will reason with her, admonish and entreat her to cease acsepting bodily burdens arid murderous inventions, and use her ? wn mind, skill, and taste in forming i-omfprt-/ayouring, labour lightening, and life-preserving garments. '«? t esolved, That such garmenture should be of ffyitf form for the legs as well as the arms, as their use j and all reason, indicate thai the prejudice against .trousers for women is based on ighoiraHce and tyranny, i vitfous,' and sordid motives and ought to be banished' from the earth by the sanction and fearless efforts'of all good people. , "Resolved, That womenhave duties in relieving the world of 'po* e ty and unequal condition, of pre sent'and prospective prostitution «Î many kinds, an i that by abandoning extravagant and debilitating cos- ; taimes they directly reach, the most fertile cause of haman ills, and without this effort for prosperity, liberty and equity all others ore ariçrtivç. " After these resolutions ha i been read ten times or more, an aged spinster said she did not think the e changes could be brought about until they had com-, plete'y changed Bocie.ty. She wanted to'* eley£tè the world by education to the standards bf Bress Reform arid th n the reform wduld fplïpwl She "thought'the nie libera had better stí k to prevailing styles'until that education obtained. But nothing like common sense was allowed in the convention, and this speech injet the .censuré óf a .Cáh^orniá 'wo^^n/ She said it was cowar ice A medium from Vineland supported her- by stating: that he' had- lectured for twenty .yejajs' ,pn physi .ology, psychology, harmonia! philosophy, equal rights, won.en's rights, .anthropology, phre'ndlogv, spiritualism, magnetism, and isms .countless ' in number, and ne did not intend to back out now;. Then h& went into a tranc and y anked up the ghosts of Henry Clay and Demosthenes ai»d made them sup pprthim. " an anything be more supremely ridiculous in this ; age pf civilizatipn ? The afniction jof such a gathering" bf lunk-headed men an'< women could be | bprn* with a degree of comfort if they would wrestip with some raetical question ; something that the community are interested in. For instance, .the; identity ol the man who struck William Patterson; j the care 01 infaut3 in fly time; the missing link bçtweèn a Hottentot batty and thé Baboon, or the failure of the angel crop " . The same ill-tnannei ed, unappreciative brute of an editor a man who " evidently has nd Boyd' for the ' beautiful in female adornment-says, with withering sarcasm :--" A dpzen pr so fies Moines ladies are , going to the Centennial pu t^teir own responsibility, i their male relatives being uriápíe to leave their busi- ness to accompany them." Fnracjtt yrvs&<sr'\ ,"ue;iPb}itical Economy Society of Paris had under discussion hut week a remarkable letter addressed by the Syndicate of Parip wine mer- i chants jo t*b[e Münster of Çpmnjèrré, falling -upon the j Goyerwnent ^o -'.pni 4own '¡the practice of colouring wini, . ikeSyndicate st«te that this practice '.'.since jhe. harvest of .1.870 . has assumed proportions -truly disquieting from the point of view of the reputation, the quality, and the future of French wine, not less than from that of jthe^ubUc, health .and the public morals." They add that the substances use i-arsen- ical fuchsine, rpsaniline, and so on-are poisonous. As' to fuchsine,' at any rate, there appeals to be ño doubt of ita noxious properties which have been'esta- blished by experiment upon dogs as well; as by . the effects' ipn a- ' laboratory attendant. The Syndicate; however' would' . not present the mixing of wine, nor even the addition bf foreign substances. 1 heir position is thus defined in their piyn words F^very additionto wine ought to haye for obje t -ti improve the wine, by restoring to, it one of ;U< ,constituent elements." . herefore, they would permit the steengthcning ot weak wine by add- ing alcohol, abd the sweetening of acid wine by add- ing sugar; Butjhey' would eton here, lt has been objected that thc same ' reasoning v*ould justify the weak, ning of stro?;g wine by adding water. 'Stiíi tho position of tb!ei Syndicate is clearly defined. It was objected that the ^question was one pf correctional police rather than of political economy! Blit itia somethiug more than,a question of correctional policé, for the Syndicate are hot content td ask for the im- position of a ' penalty1 on the adulterations, they demand the p-ohibitiqn "pf the aale pf ; the arti.les used in. this peculiar .kind of adultera? ti n. . Howe er, M. Garnier missed tho really important feature of the question in wishing to make the discussions turn on the limits of Government mterference with trade. The true lessen tb be drawn fr m this formby adulteration was pointed but by M. Courtois;' It' is that colouring'is ono of jthp' cotisé quences of -jtheheayy duties imposed'onwiue siucethe close of.the war. These duties hiwé so raised prices that thé,ordinary public can~uo longer Moid to buy the same qualities as formerly. B ut they wish that the .wines on their tables shall have, ut least, the appearance. of good-brands. Hence the traffic in colouring which the Paris Syndicate is so eagjer tp put down. The Chamber of Commerce' pf. Vdr'dea'nx Ja>t month addressed a letter to 'tftp Mmister Agriciilr ture au'l .Commerce, on the measures to be taken to check the spread bf the phylloxera, from which we learn that the vine disease ia. ext nding more rapidly than eyer.; "In tho department, of Gironde," we read, "tho .p^yHpxe¡ra"'has''sho^rh 'itself in many places where it Jhad piyer before appeai.ed, and .has assumed a,character of much : greater inten- sity." The Chamber of Commerce adds'xhat, in con- sequence, thc price of. land has' fallen one-half, and that in many vineyards the wine produced" w-ill not be one tenth pf -what it used to he..-' The"gravity of this state of. ¡thing? is apparent in á ¿ounti-y where. ',' com- mence, industry, the incomes of the rich, the wages of the working classes, and the revenues of thé Stateî all depend .upon-th wine industry and its concomitant 'business.^ ' But the Chamber-has -np specific'ito re- commend. It is only anxious ' to :nisure tha't evêry scrap bf information' relating to theTdisense'shall be- tti, oncé'maíie accessible to all .interested parti-.s. The Government j.!sélf bau appointed a Gomrnission to study the phylloxera, and in ¿very district wine growers, agricultural and 'scientific societies, are experimenting «is to " -the best- means pf "ex&paiirig; ' it. Bti'i the _ Cha oiber points " dui, much time ' is. wasted, .experiments ore, mt£ft. .Oive/ and fiy/a'f^iúj.. and jQt^;jv^^^"jfftVojK«d #Ib:fójr: ^£át\qf cp.npé.rc - and communication.. Beople.arejgnor.ant.of what has. been ,done fc-y .others.- They .do not know to whom to address .themselves for ird'oxmation ; and_th£y-are often .at a loss how *to make^u^hVs-th^épuîts ttpy have arrived atr 'themieelveS i ? i ke" Chamber' accord-; ^ngly recomme'iids that-3. .Commission should! under- ' fake to collect, through tWprefécá'rüu'o^rmation'fi^ all parts of France of everything done and published in thc several departments . by -any; one whatever, bçar-' i big on the question : and that it should publish .month!', or twice a month, so'much of the facts thus j bi'oú'.'hii to .it». ..knowledge as should appear to it j deserving of publication, The idea seems à good one, j but it doe^i'not give ground for hoping thnt tho disease will bc speedily stamped out.-Eçonomiat. BIRDS. A>T> VKCETAP.T,:: DESTROYING INSECTS.-Mrs. Mary Howitt brought under the notice of Mr. Meehi, a pingue of butterflies that badinfe'stod the Valley of thc Tyrol, and destroyed nearly all thc cabbages there. This lady's pbjçpt in writing was'.to ascertain if there was any means of destroying the caterpillar or the eggs, .so a» to, prevent another visitation from these pests.' Mr,,,Howitt had himself suggested a remedy, that of rubbing the eggs off tho.cabbage, but this was, bf course, n tedions'operation, Mr. Meehi in the .course of his ropl thus bews testimony to the value of birdä.tö a ga don.:-" I nm a grea believer in birds as farmers' friends. A friend of mine recdritly shot several wood pigeons, and found their .crops full.pf small snails with their shells on. Karly pne foggy morning this summer, my - bailiff was surprised to eeo thu '"wheat in ono field with drooping heads.; on examination lie found a snail on nearly 'every stem In hali un hour, when the fog cleared they were all gone. As soon as let out; my poultry searched the Melds and appropriated eagerly every worra or insect. Those, who watch the habits of poultry and birds kviil pronounce them to be farmers' friends, pucks, will gorge themselves with slugs, and fin'l them where man may search a most in vain. "Flies ha ve no > lian e with them, if they settle within reach. Xwo hundred dueles wouM have cleared many acres, and'paid well by becoming fat on the caterpillars. .Every farm should have n shrubbery for bird breeding, =wd bird's nesting strictly prohibited.'' 