SOUTHERN NEWS. (From tho Mercury.) . , It would seem that the police must have been misled in the information they ob tained, on which in the Mercury of 15th inst. we gave what we believed the true version of the narrow escape Mr Page's family had frombeing poisoned. The circumstances' as detailed in the Merci tij of 14th inst: led to 't'ie inference' of great carelessness on the part of some one in the family, and as if, poison was left to occupy tho same shelves as the kitchen condiments. Nothing, could be further from, the case. . From what we can learn itappears that after the family had gotover their fright, and there was no doubt that the ' symptoms were those pi strychnine poisoning, Mr Pago asked Mrs. Page if she knew of any strychnine haying been left about. Her reply was that she ,knew of none being about the place except what was in - two- small bottles,' then, r as. al way p,. '?'?'. locked up in a cupboard in their own bedroom.. , ;? .???'I' 'll tl'jii!-,-/ .iv.iii/'vv-..:! -,-:,;; ;;ii vji.-.«:!'.):uif,...;;.-.-j' Bhe^rocseded to 'the' cupboard, and both were VeVy touch surprised to find one tit the bottles missing. Some one had evidently taken advantage -if access to the room when the key was lefti in the cupboard. Mrs Pngfe ? said nothing till all were in bed, when she instituted a search and found the abstracted bottle on a pantry, shelf near the meat snfe. She took possession of the bottle, and obtaining one exactly, like it, filled it with pomatum, and left itin the spot from which she had just taken the strychnine, and went to bed. Restless and uneasy, she did not soon fall asleep, and while lying there fancied she heard a noise. She got up, and looking cautiously about 'could neither see nor hear anything; ? Impressed, however, with a suspicion of something wrong, she returned towhere she had left the bottle of pomatum. It.was gone, and every inquiry has failed to obtain any trace of it. Mr Tarletori, the 'city coroner, and a jury, met on adjournment at the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Argylostrefet, on Thursday, 16th inst.;, to inquire into the circumstances attending the ' ddath of one Joseph Cooper, a farm laborer, who was found in an insensible condition at Bridgewater, on the 6th inst., and died at the General Hospital (whither he had been removed) on the 8th. The jury after hearing the evidence, and after a long consultation, returned a verdict to the effect ? that the deceased died from fracture of the skull'and consequent effusion of blood on - the brain, but how or in what manner the' ? fracture was caused there -was not sufficient evidence to show. . :?? , The arrangement for the despatch- and receipt of trains was mast unsatisfactory on 17thinst.,and the non-arrival of the exprefs train for upwards of three hours beyond its: time, and of the excursion train, expected : about eight last, evening, up to the time of our going to press, caused throughout the ; eventag afeelirig 'of great uneasiness 'irt'the' city, especially. -among, the friends of the excursionists, which was not alleviated by what many considered the very unnecessary and mistimed reticence of the officials ;;'? fhoU'gh we believe that if they did not give ' information -it was because the means of telegraphic 'communication along the line are 'extremely defective, and they them-, selves were as ignorant bb their numerous questioners. Without vouching for the , exact accuracy of what we conld glean, we, believe that ;for sonie reason the evening' train was not despatched at its .proper time, . and those in charge of it went cautiously on, : '-dreading meeting the express train, till: they reached Mr Cameron's property,; ? ? where they pulled up— why there does not seem very intelligible— and b7ew the whistle, whether in the hope of warning off, or inviting on, the coming train, may be questioned. People coining from the Green: ' Ponds races passed the standing train, and ; on enquiring the cause, could only learn that the train had been standing there sounding the 'whistle 'for. an hour. They had, also, ? passed another train— which, though they didnotknow it, was the; express trains brought up near the New Norfolk- Junction, Bridgawatpr. On enquiring of the occupants of this train why they'were stuck up there,, the occupants 'asked their questioners for information on 'the same point. It would, appear the express train was waiting the passing of the evening train, and it is said' that each'tiain remained 'thus; in doubt; and' waiting 'for the' other, till a man was sent'on.' ' horsoback'to tell 'the driver of the train engaged fPr adme hours in Mowing -the' whistle, to apply his 'Steam to its more legitimate purpose, and proceed on1 his way.' This set free thedxpress train from .itsde--: tention ; and it arrived here shortly before. 11 o'clock. So soon, as all this became, known,' anxiety was much relieved. Jit 'was'' taken for granted that the excursion train , had either, not ; started from Jerusalem, oi\ had gone on asidihg'at'Campania,also waiting: the passing of the outgoing evening -train:;' and the' many 'persons who wore waiting the arrival of the excursionists suffered more; from impatience than actual dread, though as midnight and more advanced hours wore on anxiety again beteamepainfully manifest. At half-past one on Saturday morning we received from 'a correspondent at Jerusalem a telegram isaying that the night train, due., there »t 8^30, had not arrived at 12-30.; Though,- unfortunately, the telegram did not, ' ? say whether the excursion , train had ' left f Jerusalem, it could not, even if so, have left, Campania before midnight, or Brighton, if it got as far ,' before '11. In either case/we were not much surprised at the train not having1 reached this when wewereobliged to goto' ?' ;' ... press. : ;?' ?? ; .';'.'': ?? ?' ' We have repeated complaints of the reek leas ronnner in which those engaged ;in sup- ? plying our market with oysters'arecarryingi ? on the:flshery. 'They could not take a more' i effectual means if (their object were to' speedily ruin the oyster beds, -and make oysters an :extinct native product. The; oysters brought to town are as a rule not fit for the market. They are too young, .and ? we are told that disheartening as is the dis-' play to be seen in some of the windows, the reckless destruction of ^immature oysters is' not'thusTialf shown. J?rom the beds are' dragged up buBhels Upon'bushels of fish too smaH'to:be offered -for sale, and therefore : ' cast carelessly aside. Unless oyster 'eaters' and- oyster sellers will combine not to pur chase or sell natives 'for a :year or two, the Tasmanian oyster fishery -will be a-thing of the past : The usual .committee meeting of the. Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association' was': held on Friday, 17th inst. ? A letter was re ceived from ' the Ballarat Club expressing regret that a team would not 'be able to visit? Tasmania this' season, and also promising to : make amends for the disappointment ay] making an early visit next season. A letter', ?was received'ffo'mrtheH;aunceston Club sug gesting that the annual match between North and South should be played at Hobart Town on Easter1 Saturday and Monday (the 15th and 17th of April). It was agreed that ; the match be played on the dates named, and . the secretary was instructed to write- to that effect,-and also to express a hope that earlier dates would be fixed in future. The- sub- committee brought up , the programme of sports to be held on the Association Ground, .on the '20th May. The programme was! adopted. ;. . - The Mormon missionaries, from Utah, held another of their services in the Odd fellows' Hall on 'Sunday afternoon. The .attendance seems to' be increasing .every: service, and numbered last Sunday about. 150\. ? After Mr Burton had given out a i hymn and offered up prayer, Mr Swan -de- ; llvered a discourse in which he displayed a deeply read knowledge of the Scriptures, his: quotations toeing numerous and aptlyehoseh.i He is also gifted with -strong powers of, argumentj and -handlesihiB aubjact /well. ; The drift of his sermononrSunaay was theso.:] called necessity of new Revelation, which h ' : argued was requisite, for the continued im provement of the Christian Church. The archbishops and bishops of the Christian Churches who occupied the place of the apostles, had' 'not, he said, been called by Divine Revelation, as they did not possess the koy to it, and even if they did, would not avail themselves of it. He then&Uuded; to the promise of the Holy Ghost, the comforter, Made by the Suviour,. and asked which of the many interpretations advanced by the various sects respecting it, was to bo believed ?, He would state that the promise Was that of a new Revelation, without which ?nochurch service Was of avail. He then quoted several passages from the _'ew Testament to show that Divine Revelation had been continued after the birth of the' Saviour, and argued therefrom that it was received in the present day. In support of this assertion he quoted Matthew, 16th chapter 18th verse, ''And I say unto thee;- that thou art Peter, and Upon this rock I will build my church,' for the purpose of showing that the rock mentioned was new revelation. He concluded by stating that he and his coadjutor, Mr Burton, had come lb;000 miles by the commandof God through Divine Revelation, without scrip or purse, to point out the only true way to everlasting - life. Mr Burton closed the service with . prayer. . ' Joseph Wilks, aged 80 years, who has beenan inmate of the Brickfleias Pauper Establishment until lately, fell into the' water between the Fairy Hock brig and the Monarch Pier (where she is lying), on , Sunday evening about tight o'clock. Charles \ Dillon, the well- known waterman, hearing; the man's cries, with the: assistance of two gentlemen, manned a boat and pro- . needed under the Pier, :but it was so dark : that they were unable to find the unfortunate ' man until a lantern was lowered from the ?Fairy Rock. . He was then taken ashore, and conveyed to the Hospital by -Constable Elliott in a somewhat: exhausted state. : Wilks was not drunk, and what he was doing on the wharf is a mystery. A correspondent writes : — Auraccident of : a very distressing nature occurred here on.' Friday,, 17th inst, by which two persons,' father and son,- were crippled. The sufferers, MrGeorge Bennett and his son, were carting' palings from the bushto the water's edge at Cearns'Bay; when the son, 'Who was guiding ? the 'leading horse round a steep ? curve, fell, ; and- the father, in trying 'to 'save the :boy, got fast himself. The dray wheel passed over both, breaking the fa_ther!sleg and the Son's thigh,. besides inflicting other injuries. The poor fellows were lying for about three- ? quarters of an hour before any one heard them, and then they had to be carried on ?, stretchers a distance of 6 miles through the bush. As soon as the case was reported,; Mr John Geeves, with commendable prompt ness, stopped his -mill, and'aent nil hands to render assistance, despatching his son for Dr. Smith, at the Franklin, 10 miles in: another direction. The doctor was on the. spot before the second party arrived with the' lather, and having previously attended to.' the son, speedily had the fractures reduced, and to-day they are both progressing favor ably. Too much credit cannot be accorded Mr Geeves for his humanity and disinterested action on the occasion, nor to his men for the prompt and kindly manner in which they aided the sufferers, . . That incorrigible runaway Alexander Brown, the little black boy, is a source of i continual annoyance to the officials of the Boys' Home and the police department. He made his tenth appearance at -the Police ' Court on Monday/for having-escaped'from 'the Home, and was remanded to the 22nd inst. , His appearance in the dock -has now; become so 'familiar that the frequenters of .:'? the Court always give vent to their feelings ' by a slight ?- titter, at which the little rascal seems to take intense 'delight/ He-looks- irresistibly comical las be stands: with his woolly spate just appearing iaboye 'the 'bar.., The 'inexpressibles' he was; wearing had evidently at some .period 'of, their existence been worn by his grandfather,' far the largest portion ;6f them was three' times too capacious -for even his rotund form, and had to be 'braced up .to his. shoulders to diminish the . alreidycuTtailed length of the legs. What to do with him . has long been a question which has puzzled the Bench, but no doubt on Wednesday next he will be disposed of in -such -a manner as : will prevent his troubling the watchhouse 'people again for some time. 'The steamship Tasman, which sailed ion; : Tuesday for Sydney, . took three splendid pure bred cart stallions, belonging ito Mr :E. :Moore, jun., of Sorell, to be exhibited at the 'forthcoming exhibition at Sydney. The. only full grown horse is Black Hero, a: magnificent jet black animal standing 16J hands high. His 'symBfetry of form is perfect, the neck and head being especially grand. He is now rising eight years old, ?and secured first prize f or pure bred stallions at the Melton Mowbray Show of 1874, the. only competition for which he has yet. entered. He was bred by Mr A. F. Rooke, , of Deloraine, his sire being Lincolnshire: Hero, an imported horse. The next animal,' in: point of seniority is Thumper, a ? splendid brown .horse, ^standing 17 hands high, bred : by Mr John -Symmons, ? of the Oaks ?Estate. Thumper tea son of a deceased; horse of the same name, and when, arrived at maturity will be an immense fellow. A roan colt, Young Sir Robert, aged two years, completes the trio, and for his age is a prodigy, standing 164 hands high,' with'plenty of growing power still to come.1 He was bred by Mr Thomas Jarvis, of 'Maoquarie Plains, his sire being Young Sir Robert, an imported 'horse. Mr J. Moore was a passenger by the steamer, Mr E.: Moore having to stay behind till next trip,', when he will take up three more fine stallions. We believe that Mr Moore's well known stallion -Matchless, which is now in Sydney, will also be exhibited in his class at: the coming Exhibition, and we wish: Mr Moore success in his undertaking. - , !A special service was held in the. Union: Chapel on Tuesday evening, in connection ? ?with the meeting of the Congregational Union and Mission. There was a fair congregation. The Rev. J- Nisbet, . of New Town, and the Bev. C. Price, of Tamar-street Church, Launceston, took part' in the service, the latter preaching a sermon addressed specially to professing Christians from 2 Cor., v. 14, 'For the love of Christ constraineth us.' A communion service wassubsequently held. About 7 o'clock on Tuesday morning a fire broke out in a kiln at Holmes' tannery, Lower Collins-street. The kiln is used for, drying wool, and. the fire underneath' heating ? the 'floor too' much, the wool ignited. '-'As' Boon as the fire was discovered, the'men cm-' ployed at the tannery got a .number of buckets and-poured water tonihe building as rapidly as possible,' so that' when' the' 'me- -rigades arrived the flames were nearly ex tinguished,. and in a few minutes after all danger of further damage was past. A prisoner named Leonard Hands, aged 26 years, died in the Hobart Town Gaol on Monday morning last. Ho has .been under the doctor's care for some tine. Hands was sentenced ten years ago to fifteen years' im prisonment for an offence committed at Launceston. ??.. Peter O'Brien, constable in the City Police' Force, celebrated the christening of his first born by a gatheringof his friends, on which occasion, no doubt, an unusual nuthber of toasts were honored, for the happy father got gloriously drunk, and when . the time came for him to go his boat his condition was such that he would have saved himself much trouble had he stoppe-T at home and gone to bed. At the police s-'ttion he con ducted himself like o. - madman. He' as- saulted -Sergeant Rollins; broke a puir of handcuffs, flattened two tin pannikins, and for some time resisted all efforts to control him 4 but at last he was locked up, and on ? Wednesday) morning he hod recovered his senses, and; was sorry; for having got into such a scrape. His name was put on the charge sheet for being drunk and disorderly , and assaulting the sergeant, but as the membera of the force are usually-dealt with at the Mayor's Court, he was not brought' ?up, ., r ,.;;,.r ;....? , ..-;.?:.-;?-? ,.„. ,-,-, , Acorrespondent writes: — 'Haying read in your paper an account of a narrow escape from .poisoning by strychnine, T think it is my duty to supply yoii with 'the following ?information.' I use a ? great; ' quantity; of; strychnjineiortheidestructionpf -native dogs,: and occasionally the station dogs' take a bait. : When this- happens, I pour down the 'dog's' throat half a small bottle (about a gill) of solid oil, and by this: treatment have never failed in saving the animal's life. I have successfully applied oil to adog after he liad; several .'flta, and was to all appearance 'too far gone to attempt a cure. On oneoccassion ?two dogs' took bait at' the 'same time ; one of' mine, the -other r owned : by a gentleman residing with me ; ho gave ?his dog sulphate of zinc, I gave mine oil j my dog lived, and his died. I never had auy occasion to remko trial of this treatment on a man, but should1 any inan, woman or child 'take strychnine, and, I - present, I should without hesitation give the patient salad oil; with every confidence of 'success. ? I may add that some years ago, on the occa sion of a death by strychnine in -my own . district in Queensland, I : then published the. ;above, and' it was copied into several of :the. newspapers at the time, among others the Australasian. . ,, : . A woman named Mary Young, aged 66, ? died suddenly at her husband's house, in Melville street, early on Wednesday morn ing. Dr. Crowther was called in, but when he arrived the deceased had .'expired. 'He 'has ^giveri' a certificate of '.death.' ??' A -post mortem examination will probably he held,1 as the symptoms were those of apoplexy. 