DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. {From our own Correspondent.) At St. Patrick's Cathedral, at first Mass on Sunday, his Lordship the Bishop adverted to the opening of the various schools on the following morning, and dwelt on the great advantages offered to Catholic parents in having the highest secular instruction imparted to ttieir children, while at the same time their young minds would be formed on the principles of virtue and Christianity. His Lordship remarked, however, that, great as these advantages were, the progress of the children would mainly be effected by their giving their youthful minds to the work of improvement. No matter how good the teachers were, nor how sound the system, the work of education must, in the main, be effected by the children themselves. But they could be greatly stimulated by their parents, who should do everything in their power to induce their children to pay attention to their studies. This could be done by offering rewards for improvement, and also by using such other incentives as their own good sense would suggest. With cooperation of this kind all the good anticipated would be realised. We should all take an interest in the matter, and each one strive to the utmost to make the success of the schools complete. Having given a number of details on this subject, his Lordship next adverted to the project of establishing a Total Abstinence Society, to which he had alluded on the previous Sunday. Having drawn a striking picture of the temporal and spirit ual evils that invariably follow in the wake of intemperance, and referred to their own experience as to the existence of such evils, unhappily too often witnessed, his Lordship said he considered the establishment of a Total Abstinence Society, to counteract such evils, a great blessing to all who would be members, and that it would also be productive of good to those who were ,not. It; had been pro' posed to him to connect a Total Abstinence Society with the Catholic Toung Men's Society, but he thought it wiser, if the proposed society were formed, to have it placed on its proper basis. As its work^would extend to-all; so the society should rest on broad principles, and embrace the members of the various Catholic societies already in existence, without disturbing them, or influencing their constitution. " To prevent a mis-; conception, his Lordship wished it to be! dist^ctly^uJaderstqod tbat t^e,sg>ci$ty was| s tnuch intended for those who had ever been guilty of intemperance as for those who had given way to drink—say,j for .heads of ;families imo had never in their live))' erred through this vice ; but' whp,,nevertheless, *rppLd, by their enrolment^ in the society, be- an. example to their. childrenj as welliBe'a support to the causeof 'temperance iiLgeneral. Howj ever, before formally establishing the proposed society, he would wish to administer a > total abstinence pledge to those who were anxuras 'to . bind them T selves in that manned.'"' -Bfefdre the' work of-oonstruction-would beeommenced, he wauld'like tohavetos materials on handl Be; would" berco(me i *me'mj- < "Mjfifi#jr 1, I v&fen; sthose^who ' wished bers of - Weh'- regularly established. In order to carry out these views, he would, on next Sunday evening, have the pledge administered in the library immediatelyafter Vespers, to all those who would present, themselves for that purpose. A register of the names and addresses of those so pledged would be kept, and a meeting shortly afterwards would be convened to determine the time for and constitution of a Total Abstinence Society. As it was most important to have members, his Lordship invited the members of the existing Catholic societies who had the promotion of temperance at heart to come next Sunday evening to begin the good work by taking the total abstinence pledge. At eleven o'clock MasB, the Rev. Father Harrington officiated as celebrant, and also preached an impressive sermon on the epistle of the day— St. Paul to the Ephesians. Father Harrington, in a very calm and solemn manner, emphasised and enlarged on the injunction of the apostle that we should walk circumspectly, with holy caution, and be not drunk with wine, but filled with the Holy Spirit. -Father Harrington pointed out the great circumspection we should observe in our thoughts, words, and actions, and he markedly showed that all actions performed for self-gratification or human respect are worthless. After enjoining on the congregation to beware of placing any impediment in the way of God's grace, and exhorting them in the words of the apostle, to let their lives be a continuation of thanksgiving to God, through Jesus Christ, Father Harrington concluded by an earnest denunciation of intem- perance. At nine o'clock on Monday morning his Lordship the Bishop drove to the Christian Brothers' school in Skiptonstreet, and was greatly gratified at finding a great many of the parents in attendance. His Lordship availed himself of the opportunity of addressing them and the children on the great importance of a sound and Christian education. Having concluded his remarks, his Lordship asked them all to kneel down and invoke the blessing of God on the work auspiciously commenced that day. Having offered up a short prayer, and invoked the assistance of the Holy Ghost and the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary, as also that of St. Patrick, under whom the school had been placed, his Lordship concluded by giving all his benediction. Immediately after these proceedings teaching was commenced, and his Lordship was glad to observe the great anxiety of parents to place their children under the care of the Christian Brothers. The applications for admission to the school are, I learn, so nume- rous that it is impossible at present to find accommodation, even in the present spacious buildings. Very soon, indeed, an additional building will have to be erected in connection with that now completed. The Nuns' school was also opened on Monday morning, and the children were formally placed by his Lordship under the care of the good Sisters of Our Lady of Loretto. It was gratifying to see the large attendance of parents eager to have their children placed in such excellent hands. The usual weekly meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Society took place on Friday evening, 20th October ; the president, Mr. D. Fitzpatrick, J.P., in the chair. One candidate for membership was nominated, and two were elected members. The debate as to whether wealth or poverty produces most crime was carried on with vigour, several speakers delivering thoughtful addresses on each side. The debate was adjourned till next meeting in order to allow, an opportunity for further discussion of the subject. The usual vote of thanks to the chair closed the proceedings; I . hear that the proceeds of the late concert at the Catholic Library, in aid of funds for purchasing prizes for the Sunday-school children, amount to about £16, clear of all expenses. This is doubtless a very satisfactory result to the managing committee. . I may also state that I hear that there will shortly be a concert, given for the purpose of raising fluids to assist the St. Alipius, choir. Some of the local ladies have | been indefatigable in the good work of getting the choir formed. 