, BE BIJSINESS-LIKE. ? I We_ commend to our farming rcadors the following sensible romarks from an American agricultural journal: — Thoro is probably not 'one farmer in ton thousand , who keeps . a sot . of accounts from; which lie caii at any moment learn tho cost of anything ho may havo produced, or ovon tho cost of, his real property. A very few farmers who have boon brought up to business habits keep such accounts, and aro able to loll how their affairs nroerross. what oaeli ci-on. n.-mli kind of stock, or oaeli animal has cost, and what each produces. Knowing these, points a farmor can, 'to' 'a very groat extent, properly decido what crops ho will grow, and what kind of stock ho -will keep: Ho will thus bb able to apply his labour and money wlioro it will do tho.:most good. -Ho can weed out Iiis stock and retain- only suoh animals us : may ho kopt | with profit. ' Eor tho'want of such knowledge, : farmers continuo, yoar after year, to feed cows that aro unprofitable, and f'rcquontly ' soli fol lows than her valuo ono that is tho best of tho herd, -because sho is not. known to bo any bettor than tho rest. Feed is also wasted upon 111 brcd stock, tho keep of which costs threo or four times that of, well-bred animals/which, as . has boon proved by figures that cannot bo mistaken, pay a largo profit on then- keeping^ : 3?or want : of ( knowing what thoy cost; : , poor ; crops are, raised year by year at an actual loss, provided tho farmer's labour, at tho rates cur rent for common labour, wero cliaiged against thom., To learn that he lias been working for - \- 50 ceiits -(2s. ,ld.) a day, during a; number; of years, wliilo ho has been paying his help twioo as much, would open tho.oyes of many n farmor ,wlio has actually lieon doing this, and it , would cbnviuco him that there, is somo value in .figures and book accounts. It is not generally .understood. that a, man who raises '20 bushols of; corn 'per apro, pays '.twico sis much* for iiis ploughing and_ harrowing, .twice .'is much for labour, ahcl twico' ;as great '. interest upon tlio lcoat of his farm, as'a neighbour, who raisos'-iO ,;bushols per aero. Nor is it' understood that 'when he raises a pig that makes '150 pounds of pork in a year, that his pork costs liim twice as much, or tho com lie fends brings hiihbut halt as much as that of his neighbour, , whoso pig weighs 300 pounds at a year old. If nil theso tilings wero clearly sot down in figures upon a ' page in fin account 'book, and wero studied, there would bo not only a sudden awakening' to. tho unprofitableness of such farming-, but an immediate remedy would bo sought. For no person could' resist ovidonco of this kind' if it wore onoo brought plainly homo to him. If. storekeepers, merchants, or manufacturers, kopt no accounts, thoy oonld not possibly carry on their business, and it is only ? because tho farmor's business is ono of tho most safe that ho cau still go on working in tha dark, and1 throwing away opportunities of bettering his condition and increasing his profits. A ouystal ghost — A glass shade. An old fellow in Tronton got his ear box$d by a mule kicking him, and he was continually annoyed by his friends asking him what had happened to him, so ho got a largo card and printed on it—' Got a bust in the snout by a mulo, and this is written for tho .honoflt of jackasses.' All who ran in this locality could read, but thoy didn't stop to comment on tho acoident much.. Lots oe Shavino Water. — A ' certain minister having become much addicted to drink, his presbytory had to interfere and get the minister to sign tho pledge. Tho result was that the Budden reaction proved too much for liim, and ho boenmo so ill that tho doctor had to bo sent for. The doctor said ho must . just bogin and tako his toddy again. This tho minister said ho could not do, as lio had taken tho plodgo. Tho doctor replied that ho might got.ft^ bottlo or .two quiotly, and that nobody but himself, tho minister, and tho hou.sekoppo'r wo^ld know .it., Mun,' said tho minister/' ' my housekeopor is worse than all the presby tory put together, so that would , not do.'' Howovoiyit was arranged, that tho doctor was to briiig iii tlio whisky and sugar, and that tho minister, was to, make up tlio toddy in the bod room with tlio hot wator that he got for shaving purposes- in the morning. The result wasi tlio minister; got speedily woll, and one day; on going out, tho doctor said, to tho minister's, housekeeper, 'Weol, Margarot, your maistbr is qui to liiinsol' agaiu.' 'There's jiao 'doubt about that,' sir,', slio replied, ' he's ^ quite wool in body; but thoro is. something: gano far wrong wi' his uppor story.' ' What's '?v^rong thoro, Margarot i-'V asked, tlio doctor. - ' Woll, sir, Idinna koii. hut'ho risks for sliavin' wator Bix or sovon times i,! tlio day.' '' 