CHAPTER IV. SOMEBODY SEES 1 GHOST. Poor little Au^v ' Fortunate, indeed, was it that the loaf lie carried down rath liini to his dungeon was of goodly size ; likewise that the jug in which the water was soutaiaed was Targe ju^. Quite as fortunate thai he hr.d a whole pound of candles instead of one or two, as might have been ths case. If would have been dreadful, indeed, to have pissed the many, uv.uiy weary hours in the pitch dark. It was dreadful enough, in all conscience, as it was, and the more so because Angy was quite ignorant of the cobbler's fate. Tile | night when Old Tommy was taken ill the little prisoner had passed in sitting atop of the ladder, so as to be as near as possible to his friend, but come the morning his limbs was so cramped and benumbed that ho wa? glad to puii his sacks together and wrap him self in Josh's warm, militia coat and go to sleep. When he woke ho crept up his ladder and'listeued at tho crevice in the board.", and hearing no sound, tapped softly with his knuckles. A.ud this producing ao effect he softly calied on O'.d Tommy by came, but Old Tommy by that time was groaning betwer.) tho workhouse b'unket*. And then the boy in his increasing alarm put his shoulder to ths l> jards and raided them, so that hue mid peep into the room. To his dismay he saw that the bed was empty. Nor was it alto^etlior on his own account that he was dismayed. The reflection that wrung his heart- was that, suspecting the cobbler's complicity in his sdscc-aainc, ] Mother I iol and the villainous Josn haa ' vreaked v en -~e on oe on him-rer.~r.r- mur dered iitm sr>d Awpwe.i -r r.:« cc--»" - it ^*»s o termini to be shut up a.rr.c tr. tr.ar gr-.rn , rliire s-:.n-. «d thone.tr* t"> seep turn cotnpar.r. .F:tt "hit conidhedo; Whitsrer : had bsc.v.r.e of the ccbbler. tn nis o~r. >ma.L ; mind Ancr had no do-ttbt t.tat ;::s re-appear- ; anc* before Mother idol attd her son wtwld . be the signal tor his immeatate litsparca. and vu :h.\t acc attt he date not moo e so as remained. ory.ng s. grea: deai. »-i saying > r.othitvj. im: waitir.c. and vratc.itng. :r.ta . a s^rsjnl-lir.* of test above c&xe; faintly on .: his ear. ,vo. : he started up. He crept up the ladder and l.vld his ear to the erevtce iu the boards, and e.uld tv'.sd-.dy m-.ke ox;: the mut tering voices of Josh And the old "woman. " Double up the bolster send put it under h;s head : if it lays low p'raps u';i take to bleed ing aciin."' it was Mother Idol who uttered tiirie whispered word?. and hearing them Angv's het.n beat as hard that h-.* slipped dewa the ladder araiu iest they might near it. What dtd it meat . V> r.o cc"ulj u be bat Old Touiair they r.ad Ivottg'ru back to his bed ag.-uu . Bat wimt aIw.u ms :ieaa bleeding : Up the ladder again, and this time to boldly raise the boards just the least in the w<?rid and peep- A caudle left alight on the stood .' What was the candle left there for . Per haps Josh or his mother was coming back presently. He could hear them talking to gether in the front room. Somebody on Tommy's bed. too. Fast asleep and snoring. Old Tommy himself, undoubtedly. Who else could it r-ojsibiy be . " Perhaps he's only making belli re to be asleep unr.i Josh and his mother are a-btd." said Augy to him self. " and then tie means to come to me." Bat the voices in the next room gradua'.ly died away, and presently ceased entirely. Still the Somebody that was on Old Tommy's bed continued to snore, and to utter guttural noises, and the candle ,-n the stool g.-rw club wiek'r, and gave no: half the light as at first, lint still the boy waited ana waited. I can't stand it any longer 1" he said at las:, quits desperately. I must wake him up and ask aim all abon: it, if they catch me and aud kill me tor it.'" So he raised the boards with his shoulders and era ivied out iuto the room, and just as he did so, tho expiring name of the canolle on the stool gave a tail leap as though lie had startled it, and sunk dead, leaving the room in darkness. But Angy kne-.v all about the position of the bedstead, and. to an inch where to io.y his hand on Old Pommy's face. And his siuali trembling augers found a face, and gently patted it, at the same ;i;ne whispering, Pommy. 1 hn here, dear Tommy Barefoot-rents, in all it troubled experience oi fierce tights and murderous quarrels, had never before heard such a shriek as that which now thrille i it. Josh and his nuoher, asleep in d-.iu-rent comers wf the front par lour, sprang to their us: wit a a gasping cry, rr.:d. taking the candle, rushed to the back room and d.insr open the door. Xo wonder thai they were stricken pallid and speechless. Crouched on the bedstead, the picture of i fright, was the stranger, staring with starting eyes o:i a trembling little iigure, ghostly ! white, and so overcome with terror that it | would have fallen had i: not clutched the i bedstead rail. Mortally afraid as the boy j was. however, of the shrinking man, ho was . a hundred time.5 more so of Mother Id.'l and her son. and seeing them enter the room he sprang to the former, and clung fast to him crying. " Save me, for God's sake ! oh, save me 1" It is doubtful if any stinuilaat less strong would have serve- to rouse the individual ap pealed to. The enect of the child's words was magical. .' He is alive '. he is alive iv.a spared to me 1": he exclaimed as he sprang from the old bedstead and cl&spcd; theboy in his arms. " From this day, and by God's mercy, I am : a new man. Xav : You need no: shrink from me, little one," he added tenderly, as hs wrapped his cloak about the child's i shivering form. *. Time was when you : might, and with ciuse, but never, never ! again, as I hare a S'.v.-.l to save !" I And taking little Augy in his anus, ho . i stalked past the cowardly .Tosh and the dumb- > .: stricken old wo:aaa, aaa out of the house and into the dark ni^ht, and was seen no more. Not by Mother Idol, or her son, that, is to say. Her husband Old Tommy, very much to that tender-hearted cobbler's amazement, saw and heard from both. It wis a week after his being carried to the workhouse, and when his rheumatic fever was ins: leaving him and he began to torture himself about the fate of poor Aug\\. The first intimation Tommy got of the miraculous transformation about to be performed, was hearing the mas ter's voice addressing someone else as they approached his bed. " Thomas Idol certainly is lus name, and I he is. I believe, a shoemaker, but surely there must be some mistake. This is the man.'' " Morning, air," said the comfortable stout personage, who was dressed like a coachman, and carried a great heavy rug over his arm. '' Morning, sir,-' said he to Tommy, touch ing his hat. '' If you know this handwriting, this letter is for you." , With trembling fingers the cobbler ad j justed his horn-rimmed spectacles, and read the address on the proffered envelope. .' Vv hy ! Lord be merciful to me, a sinner 1" said he, and looking up at the burly servant man as though he half expected to find that ins bnikiness was occasioned by a pair of ; angel's wings concealed under his drab coat, j "Why, it's my little chap's writing-mv j Augy's i And he broke the seal and read the same, ; queer characters that he himself had taught ; the child-ehieily by means of a bit of lieel \ ball oil the back of a sheet of sand-paper. . I n;>i happy ; come on.t 't ippy alonj of I >ae, dtir Tommy." j That was a!! ; but he was such a long time j reading and re-reading it, the pleasantdook . ing servant-man ventured to remark : ; " I'm ready when yon are, old gentleman, i I'll wrap you in this rug, and a porter will j help me carry you down to the carriage at ; the door. | He-he ain't dead and gone t j heaven, i then ?" Tommy gasped. | "He was not a hour an' half ago, sir," re . tunica the man smiling. 1 * He was well enough and happy enough-"cept for want ing you.'' And with much more ceremony tb.au dis tinguished his carrying in, Old Tommy was carried out of the workhouse, and a carriage being in readiuess, he was lifted into it, and away went the horses at a round trot. Mother Idol and her son Josh, suspecting that Bareroot-rents might presently become too hot to comiurmble contain them vanished from the locality, and since neither of them evsr thought it worth their while to inquire at the workhouse, the old cobbier might have been dead and buried for all they knew, or cared. But even if they had sough: him, in England that is, they would not have have ( found him. They might, perhaps, have had i better luck if they had tried one of the prettiest spots in the south of France, tnongh tney would probably have been puzz led to identify the well-dressed old gentle man as the cabbler of Barefoot-rents, ur the bright and happy little lad, his constant companion, as the pour little starveliuj, lats t!ie cobbler's small journeyman. It may not be as well to be more precise, since of all things in the world that Old Tommy and the boy he'i't lay down his life for are at least desirous of is a visit from either of the two ' vile plotters in whose hands, once upon a time, he did not seem to have the Ghost of a Giiance of coming out alive. JAMES GREENWOOD. Ay u>"FOC>"DED Chahge.-A. leading offi cer in one of tha courts was charged with never going to bed sober. Of course he denied the soft impeachment ; and he gave the particulars of a particular night iu proof. We quote his own words: "Pretty soon after I got into bed, my wife said-'Why, husband, what is the matter with you ? You actsostrangely.'-f There's nettling the mat ter with me,' said I, noVning at all,'-' I am sure there is,' said she ; shall I get. up and get something tor you !' And she cot up, lighted a candle, and came to the bedside to look at ins, shading the light with her hand. ' I knew there was something «tr»nge silvml you,' said she; ' why yoiiare sober !'-"Now, tliis a taefj gentlemen, and my wife will swear to it. So don't you slander me any more by saying that I haven't been to bed sober in six m-mths, 'cause I have." Such testimony was considered reliable, and the man now enjoys his new- found reputation. 