LOCAL AD ,GENERAL NEWS. We learn on undoubted authority that the Hon. George Thorn will eo?e forward as a candidate for the representation of the town of Ipswih,- now vae nt through the resignation of the Hon. A. Maalister.-. The Willard Company open next week.- The Too woomba press are warm in thdir commealatione of the talent possessed .by them, and we .ntioipate a pleasant entertainment at'their hand.l We learn that an attempt is about to be made to form a company for the erection of gasworkL in Ipswich. Two or threegentlemen who haveinterest? d themselvps in the project lnd tbe probabilitjy f io-. oesa to be ro great tht.tey are determined to lose o time, and a private meeting will shortlyb he ? ?o Abe purpose of appointing a provisional commite ,%"blr can be no doubt ..at ols works "reold.pay go$, interest on the eat lNinse4P1 . We haveruevet$1 herd. of. a gaepompaayheihao7EsorhishhK a6t ,prove to beafroftpblelistsdsoeapt anlit.ºpsll strange indeed sf1 tehwhlhpoesssese facilities for g-making, should prove aii exhept?oo the rule. The Hibernin Company. eojoyed good- aoses ;a1 the School of Arts on Tuesday and last nightt and there was also a midday performance yesterday. 'On Tuesday the proceeds of the entertainment, de under stand, were banded over as a-.bbneflt to the St. Msrre ?resbytery fund, ,sd msust hae 'hen marc0 npni-der able, as the house waeecrammed, - - -n The Asiatio ircuewas w -slo well patronised on Tueday nigbt. . ... ; It is rpmo~nrp that Mr.J. P. Bell will be a andi-'l. date'st the ensulog election of a minember for the town of Ipswich, in the room of the Hon. A. .ir SAt thbe montblyinenasngmeetingbold isi Bi on Tuesday, the nch dedidi e to betldei thei p$1 cation of William Devine for a liosneas'forht th swl 'Hotel, Qbseensttr?et, o the ground 4lbtrh'tisd~ie' + - .refued :twioe previoualy by a full Bench of trates. The Hone. M. Stewart and J.T. B~jriki .i been returned unopposed for the electoratesf Brie :b-ne and Eunoqgra .rsaedtively'. H;?W..-"o$i . annonnced his enteution of ontesting ,the zl+?ydee torate with Mr.'Griýtlh. Mir.oote is astroig eadvo cate of denominational eduoati?n and asrdoe?p?.trS fore, stand the ghost of a sca;one of bel?g ret'urned. The letter aigned If Thomaes 'YetenVnitie n ot L 'out of our present fease; t wil ~ipea in our , The Wteretown Coatl Company "wir Tuesday under the Trading: CompsaiesAotf The eapital-of the oompanyisls O t000 ites 'd sofoe is in Queen-atreet, Bri?sbuae,and., tbediedpro p:osed to be worled-is sitatet-op-.he ~ne, .a,· - Ipowlsb.-Terkpoph:. su . M-t s On Mondey at the and.omfee theorfeitoledaeeLd of Mr. Thomas Perkins situated~don4lheWe st?~ i homestead area, containing 410 aare was thrown op for seleotion. There were fty ap?litop fopFt-t l made by hones m nen-- d the - - applicant" wase -Pancis It, O!Beilly. ,This, sl-laanother f among manlthat have of late oonthbene? p '. illustrative of tlie carthlbeiger inthisdieltiih coommendit "'to the 'eons considereitioý f Douglae.-2boesboem lf hric , '° MABAVILLA OOOOA.-rTaylor Brothems, JiUnt don, having the - olasive supply of thistanrirlled Cocoa, invite omparisoun with may other COoos a Parity-fine Aroma-Sanative, eSutritire -aed.?e" taining Power. One trial will estblihitas aofvounri Beverage for breakfast, luncheop, . , Refreshment after a.late enine??, '' MABAVILLA 0000A2-TbdOobleaaya,".1hyu Brothers' Maravil Goooa b Cueahhel eatredtbrot au can, and superpedes ovary other.OCues in theuM -t. untire eolubility, a delioate'aroms, and 'ashre? 4 tration of the purest elements of nutri 1i the Maravills Cocoa above all othel.s- t 6 bufii Sof. Cooo, ep?el.ietly Invalidse tnohi .l?.j$ could not recommmend a more agreeable beverage'. For farther :fasvble" pint ia'ifi Stfadard, Moesing Post, Brie Letsaddi Jsardiu~hZb HOMIEOPATHIO' 0000C A.Thts ocijsal- - paration, which has attainied each a world. tation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothr th ablest homueopathio advice, aided by the'tkllliPs experience of the inventors, and will befonndoto??. bie in an eminent degree the purity, fne' aroini;?au nutritious property of the fresh nut. '' SOLUBLE OCHOOOLATE, made 'in one ·inmate without boiling. The above artloles are n ireparedi elusively by TAr?Ln BBOrmr s, the largest ma?u,' facturers in Europe, and sold in tin.lined paoldtke y Storekeepers and others all over the world. . "" MUSTAD.-Taylor Brotherscelebrated "COal-= lenge" brand is prepared from the Ohoicest eed-s t y a patent process which prevents fermentation, andt a the same time retains the pungency end purityof: flavour to a degree which no other process can sooeno plish. The double superfine quality is epeolslye commended. Steam Mtills, Brick Jane, London. Ea port Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 