A POET RECEIVES SOME GOOD ADVICE. (From the Detroit Free Press. ) He was a young man with a1 sentimental air. His hair was drawn back over hia ears ; his eyes had a far-off look ; one could see poetry iu all hi3 motions, especially in the way he stubbed his toe against tha stove aa he balanced out. In searching him the night before^ the police had taken away his latest poeia. It waa a poem entitled 'A wail.' One veise will introduce the young man's merits : — Whoa I look around me aud see other boys happy it makes me feel quite sad, To ba a lonely boy since naotuer is dead. Hark ! I hear a voice saying, ♦' My child, re joice, be of good cheer, Tho5 out of sight, yeb in my own soul's memory you are ever dear.' My happy days of childhood I wish I could again recall ; Some happy days since then I spent, but them surpassed all. Mother is dead and gone, I hope her soul is with the angels bright— May she rest in peace with the saints who en joy eternal life, ' Ferdinand Thompson, did you write this trash ?' asked his honor, after poring over too poem for five minutes. 'Yes, sir — that poetry.' 'And your mother is dead ?' 'Yes sir.' 'Well, I don't blame her for dying. I won der that her ghost doeau'b go around groaning with the bilious colic, 'I tlr'nk I tiva a good judge of poetry,' stiffly vnTklic r\ +.hck ii (will ii nr»ui'» d.\J if** V* \A VUO V V/ IAJ-Ij.1, A_Lftl*4_l« -:Yon are— eh? Well, now you hear me. It waa your firat drunk, and you may go, but if I ever catoh you here ag'iia with any more poems in your pocket, I'll legally aud ' theoretically make youi* heels smash your shoulder-bladea S These verse3 are tra^h, sir — regular akim-milk nonsense — and it's my busineas to warn you that it will be forty times better for you to hunt for an axe and a wood pile, and not go any further wit a the poet'B ttaote. Administhation of Fooj- bv Hypodermic Injection.— One of the latest practical dis coveries of soienco is the administration of food by hypodermic injection. We all know that it has been the custom for many yeava to adeniniu ter morphia by making a small puncture iu the skin and injecting a eolu'aou of morphia with a syringo, and thtit uieep follows almost immedi ately, A Vienna physician, named Kruegg, has injected fatty liquid, solution of sugar, milk, aud yolk of an egg in this way. This oxpsdient enables a physician to feod a madman who refuses to take his food in the ordinary w:iy We Bee no reason why tho sarao expodient 3liould nob be adopted where there ia a dilliculCy in swallowing food, in cases of sore throats, for instance. Taking Toll. — A gentleman of an autobio graphic turn relates how he w»3 inotructed in the custom of taking toll by a sprightly widow, during a moonlight sleigh-ride with n meivy party. Ho said : The lively widow L, sat in the same sleigh, under the same buffalo, robe with me. ' Oh, ob, don't, don't 1' she exclaimed as wo came to tho firat bridge, afc tho same time oatching me by tho arm and turning her veiled face towards me, while her little eyea twinkled through tin moonlight, ' Don't whut?' I asked, 'I'm not doing anything.' ' Well, but I thought you were ao'um to take toll,' replied the widow. 'Toll?1' I rejoinerl. 'What's that?' 'Well, I declare,' cried tbe widow, her clear laugh ringing out abovo tho music of the bells, 'you pretend you don'fc know what toll is?' ' Indeed I don't then.' I said laughing; 'explain if you pieaso. ' 'You )iever heard, then?' said the widow, most provokingly — ' you never heard that when you ara on a sleigh-rido the gentlemen always ? — that is sometimes — when they cross a bridge claim a kiss and call it, toll. But I never pay ifc.' I said that I had never hoard of it before ; but when we oamo to tho next bridge I claimed the toll, and the widow's struggles to hold the veil over her faca were not enough to tear it. Afc last the veil waa removed, hor round, rosy face was turned directly towurda mine, and in the clear light of a frosty moon tho toll was taken, for the first time in my experience. Soon we came to a long bridge with seveval arches; tho widow aaid if, was no uao to re* sist a man who woul& have his own way, so she paid the toll without a murmur. 'But you won't take toll for every arch, will you ?' she siiid so archly that I could not fail to exaob all my dues ; and that was tho beginning of my courtship. — From Literature of Kissing, JSkatly 'Done.' — '? AUicus,' in the Mel bourne Leader, relates the following:— A good sLory is told ot one of theso most objectionable in-in whom ono ui'.eb.-j in every grado of aociety — the man who loudly proclaims) hia readiness to bet upou auy and every eventuality. In tho parlour of aa up-country houd one of the.-e pests had fastened on to a traveller who quietly but iiriniy declined to give or take odda. Ab last tho betting man walked to tho window, aad, seeing a friend whom ho expected croas ng the strecst, as a fiad resource cried, '? Bet you a mte I name tho next man who enters tbo room.' The bebuor named his approaching friend, the non-bottor rang the bell, and tho next man who entered the room waa tho v/.-siter. Tho betting man paid hia note with a, bad graue. aod tho winner, having duly shouted, walked oub of the room whistling gently. An Arizona Wedding. — A correspondent writing from Arizona ia delighted with tho country. He had j nut attended a wedding when he last wrote. Ifc was xo him a beautiful sceno — full of the sweetest essence ot unalloyed j--y. 'Toe fair and dainty bride,' says ho, 'arrayed in white muslin, blushos and amilea, Tho proud and happy bridegroom, arrayed in blue overalls, a hickory sb.irt, aud a sheepish cast of counten ance. Tho bride's noble father arrayed in f;r.ti not, corn juice, and ' chawing' tobacco, Tho smiling mother arrayed in gray calico, di3hea. grease, and sponge oake. And tho wall arrayed in about fifty rifles ready for uoo whon the guesta have drank tho bride nnd bridegroora'a health olben enough. This was indeed a scene of rural enchantment and Bylvan joy. I would have enjoyed it much moro than I did if it hndn't been for a disagreement which occurred heiweeu me and one of the owners of the guns, He accosted me : ' Stranger,' he said, ' you're from the East. Where do you sling yereolf arouud when yer to home ?' ' I don't Biing my self at all. It's considered vulgar where I come from to 3ling oneself. I doa't get drunk.' 4 Stranger,' was the gentle reply, ' yer a foof.' — ' You're mistaken,' 1 answered, — '' Oh, that's 33 much as to say I lie. Jack, bond me my rifle. I'll blow the top of this galoot's head off.' ' My dear sir,' said I, ' you'ro mistaken again. 1 had no intention to call you a liar.' — 'Thab's twice, naid he. ' Any mau that contradicts me calls me a. liar. Jack hurry up with that shootar.' Jack reached him his rifle, and I bounced under a table. He made a blow at me with the butt of his rifle, and kit another man. That other man grabbed him by the throat, and then the fi^ht became general. Tho table under which I lay was knocked over, aud I was walked upon by the contending goutry. The fight was finally ended by the matron saying that if they didn't stop ' foughteu' she'd givo them no mora whisky. When the wedding- party broke up, I heard one gentleman remark : ' Well, that's the pleasaniest time I've had iu six montus, though there waun't but three killed.' Why Hans Christian Andersen Did'nt Marry. — It was on hia journey' through Zea land, Funeu, and Ju'olaud, that he met a young girl with whom he fell deeply in lovo, but who, unfortunately, at tha time wns engaged to another man, and as Andersen never met another woman whotn he could love as he lov^ed this girl, he remained unmarried all hia life. Many years later a peasant girl, who had heard about him aa a groat and world»reuowned poet, whom nil men honoured — and who, I believo, had also read some of his stories — took it into her head that he was the rmxn she wanted to marry. So she started out for Copenhagen, where Andevs'n was then living, went fco his house, and told him her errand. You can imagine how aston ished lie must h?,vo bttm nt heing told by a young handsome girl sho wiahed to marry tdui. ' J should be so vury good to you,' said she, 'and always take gooi care of you.' ' But, mv dear girl, I don't wish to bo married,' answered ho ; and sho departed aci snrldouly as she had eomx — St Nicholaa for December. Independence d;iy, 1870, In the date fixed for the greatest explosion that over oiimo off. On that day the rocks of Hell Gate whjch obstruct (.he way frorri Lo-g Island Sound to Ncyr York Haroonr aio to bo shattered m«tautanuoualy. The p'Mveru of uitro-^iycerine are reiied upon aa sufficient to ensure success. Scientific pilgria magea to the scene will no donbt be iiho order o£ *^; the day, although na a moro opoofcacle it io likely to bo inferior to the blasting of Shakspeare's Cliff. Tho boring of tho holea in which the es. ploaives nro to bo placed has been going on fop tho last four months. The iaoortion of tho s charges will bo a labour of two monthu. Jho - works constitute a great underground ac well as undersea mine, tho galleries of v/hich are nearly 8000 feet in length, and tho doom from 20 to 32 feet below the Eurfaco of the rocky bod i their ramifications extending over ? an area of ! upwards of two aorea. The nccosaity for taking precautions to prevent aeoidont in tlia final I arrangements muab be felb aa a haavy reoponoi. bility by the superintending engineer. .1 