PORTFOLIO. There is a sense, indeed, in which we cannot forget the things that are behind, strive as we may. The winter leaves or bud-scales of a tree leave behind them, when they drop off, a peculiar mark or scar on the bark, just as the summer leaves do when they fall. On every branch a series of these scars, in the shape of. rings closely set together, may be seen, indicat ing the points where each growing shoot entered on the stage of rest. Add so every experience through which we pass, every act we perform, goes into the very substance of our being, and.we can never be after it what we were before it. " We cannot undo our deeds, or altogether escape the consequences that have followed them. The past is indelible, and the memory of.it remains like a scar upon the soul. Not more thickly is a branch covered with its annual sets 'of rings, iu dicating the position of the winter leaves and the'terminal bud of each season, than is the soul' covered with the impressions produced by the experiences of the past spiritual.life. But though the things that are behind 'cannot in this sense be for gotten, they should not be allowed to hang around us like burdens which impede'rs frustrate all our effrts at improvement, The ghost-like memories of our sins should not be 'permitted to haunt us, mocking our repentance as hypocritical, and nmaking our hearts sink down in self- contempt and despair of renewing efforts' so often de feated. As the branch is not impeded in its 'development by its scars, but' aniries them on in its growth, so the Christian's progress in grace should not be hindered by the memories that are indelible,, the deeds that are irrevocable. Out of hie past experience he is to gather what will be of use to him in his future course-a better knowledge of himself, of his weak points and besetting sins, a firmer faith in God' and' a humbler walk with Christ; and all the rest is to be forgotten. Hie is to remember the failures of the past in order' to magnify. the mercy that forgave. Heo is to remiember former seasons of' spiri tual activity and fervour for his encourage ment, and that he may he reminded of what he was if he should sink into a state of 'declension. " Remeniber'whence"thou art fallen, and repent,; and :do' the first works."--The Ministry of Nature.., EASTER.-It was necessary Christ should rise from the dead to shlow the debt Ile died for was dischirged, nod "that His satisfaction was accepted. And, moreover, to pirove Himself to he the Messiah, and to evidence the truth and divinity of His doctrine, He had appealed'to it as a. sign of His being:a true prophet;' and there fore by the way of trial which God pre scribed .the Jews-viz., the accomplishl ment of predictions-iHe had appeared to be a false prophet had He failed in it. 'So that, ifChrist be not raised, your faith is vain. God having raised our Saviour from the dead, after he was nondemnned and put to death, for calling Himself the Son of God, is a demonstration, that IHe really was the Son of God ;. and if lHe was the Son of God the doctrine He -taught was' true: and from :God.. We ought to 'learn front this commemoration of o?r Saviour's resurrection' to' quicken 'our ie 'pentance, 'sincd we are 'assured ;He' hth made full satisfaction: forenour' sins. and that, by believing in Him, we may obtain remission of them and the justification of our persons. To rise from the death of sin to the life of righteoitlsess, that, being qualified' with the grices of God's Holy Spirit; we ninyi be' meet to: be adcouhted children of the te'surrection and to bet our affections upon things above, to 'wrestle after.that state of unspeakable and end less joy, that perfect freedom from sin and miscry.-lRobert Nelson. 