FALLEN FORTUNES. BY JAMES PAIN, AUTHOB OF "LOST SIB MASSHTGBEBD," "WAITER'S WOKD," &C.; CHAPTER XXIV. ADVICE GRATIS. It is said that it requires a very brave man indeed to take to his heels in the midst of a battle; and certainly Mrs. Dalton showed not a little courage in running away from her hostess, and thus avoiding a discussion, which some instinct told her would be painful to an extreme degree. If she felt any humiliation in leaving her apparent mistress of the field it was more than made up to her by the sense of enfranchisement—of escape from her unwelcome society; and when she sought that of Dr. Curzon, who was talking with her husband in the library, it was with no intention of returning to renew the combat. Mrs. Campden, on the other hand, would not perhaps have experienced much annoyance, even if she had waited for th^ reappearance of her guest for. the next hour, for it would have convinced her that Edith was afraid -of her—for hitherto Mrs. Dalton had shown no fear of her cousin—and been so far an acknowledgment of the new relations which disparity of wealth had established between them. As it was, however, the bell sounded for kettledrum in a few isninutes, and ever ^live to such domestic duties she descended to the drawing-room to superintend the tea-table. There she found Mr. Holt alone; he generally presented himself at that intermediate meal, not that he ever partook of it, but because he knew that his presence was regarded as a sort of attention by his hostess, who did not find it easy at that hour to command the services of her gentlemen guests. She welcomed him on this occasion by a beaming smile, and then suddenly became overspread with gloom. - • - ^ " This is a terrible misfortune that has overtaken our friends, Mr. Holt."- r - -" Yes, indeed, madam. I cannot say how deeply I feel it." You, however, do not, of course, hear :of it to-day for the first time?" : " Well, no. I have had my fears^ between ourselves—for some time respecting the particular investment the break-down of which has caused this catastrophe. I advised Dalton to get out of it; but you know he is difficult to "persuade." " In other words, he is obstinate as a mule," returned Mrs. Campden frankly. " I can easily imagine the trtmble he must have given you to keep him straight even up till now." " He had always the best advice I had to offer him 1 ;" replied Mr. Holt modestly; " but he took fancies to this and that—a weakness greatly to be deprecated in business—and speculated -" "And now he has utterly ruined himself and all belonging to him," observed Mrs. Campden impatiently. " l am afraid he has been very hard hit indeed, madam. Still, if he would be content to realise—at a great loss, to be sure—or perhaps I should rather say if he would consent to be freed from his liabilities " - • "That means bankruptcy, does it not? Pray, take a cup of tea, Mr. Holt." " Thanks. Why no, madam; it is not bankruptcy. He has a notion, it seems— quite a chimerical one, in my opinion— that there is still something to be got out of this mine in Brazil. He is resolved to throw good money after bad by going out himself to St. Jose " "Oh, I don't agree with you there, Mr. Holt," put in his hostess quickly. "I think he can't do better for himself and for those belonging to him"—here she began to speak very impressively— " than to go to Brazil. Things will settle down much better in his absence; his high-flown and extravagant notions, quite unsuited to his changed circumstances, are, I am convinced, not shared by Edith and the dear girls. They are simple in their habits, and will, if left to themselves, take a sensible view of their position. They are a little spoiled by flattery and incense, at least poor Kate is, but you will see that she will now be quite a different girl." " Indeed, I hope not, madam," returned Mr. Holt earnestly; "in my humble opinion Miss Kate Dalton can hardly change for the better." "I am sure Miss Kate Dalton ought to be very flattered,and I will venture to say would be so if she could hear what you say, Mr. Holt. I am afraid she will not receive so many pretty speeches now, as she has been accustomed to, poor girL" " She will deserve them all the same, Mrs. Campden." " Doubtless, doubtless ; but those she does receive will be sweeter. It is a Kid fall for her, when one remembers that it was only last season that she might have been a countess for the asking—or rather the asking was the other way—and now, of course" Here Mrs. Campden broke off to sip her tea, and instead of adding " almost anybody," as she had intended to say, she smilingly concluded her sentence with—"Well, in short, 'no reasonable offer,' as the tradesmen say, is likely to be refused." " 1 suppose it will make a difference," said Mr. Holt thoughtfully. "Of course it will; the girl is not an idiot." Holt started, as though he had been stung, and exclaimed, " Mrs. Campden!" "There, pray, don't be angry," re- J : turned Iris hostess, ilaughing outright, a -very rare"-thing -with her indeed; it was on that account, perhaps, that the laugh did not sound quite natural, and indeed expressed.as much scorn as mirth. "I had no idea that you city gentlemen were so diffident arid unenterprising." ) " The most enterprising of us often fail, madam." "Yes, once or twice," returned she quickly; "but that is no bar to your final success." • . . A curious change was manifested in both- the speakers; the haughty and somewhat, reticent Mrs. Campden had become earnest and almost vivacious; the impassive^ man of business, usually so deferential in his manner to his hostess, had grown tenacious of his own opinion, anid at the same -time soft and gentle. It was with a sigh that might have been breathed by a woman that he replied, " I would I could think so, madam ; in any case, time and opportunity are necessary to recover from such reverses, and to encourage me to tempt fate anew." "You tihall have them both, Mr. Holt," continued she rapidly. "As my cousins will now remain for some weeks at Riverside, why should you not do likewise? You are very welcome to remain here, if you please." " But I am not sure whether Dalton, or indeed your husband himself" Mr. Holt hesitated. " I am mistress of my own house, sir," broke in Mrs. Campden imperiously; " if I have asked you thai is sufficient. Mr. Dalton will be off to town to-morrow, and you will have the field all to yourself. Hush ! there is some one coming. Why, Kate, my dear, I thought for once you were deserting the tea-table." For an instant Kate turned a little white ; it was her first meeting with her hostess since the tidings of her father's ruin ; and though she had schooled herself to behave with equanimity, the effort cost her something; then her eyes fell upon Mr. Holt, and she felt the hot blood passing into her cheeks, and flaming there. These two had been talking about her, some instinct told her at once; and though they had, unquestionably, a right to do so she resented it exceedingly; every nerve in her body tingled as though a designed affront had been offered to her. " I thought you had been alone, Mrs. Campden," said she coldly, ; " I have had my tea," cried Mr. Holt, rising with ludicrous haste, and sweeping the crumbs away from his legs with his pocket-handkerchief. " I was just about to go when you came in." " Nay, nay; there is no reason for your going away fromus," said Mrs. Campden in her most gracious "manner. " I think, by this time, my dear Kate, we miy almost consider Mr. Holt as a friend of the ^family. There is no one out of the family, I am 1 sure, who regrets the mis- fortune that has happened to you all more than he does. Oh, my dear Kate, I am so distressed about it." This affectionate outburst was accompanied by an embrace, to which Kate submitted with the best grace she could. " Blood is thicker than water, dear," continued Mrs. Campden confidently, and your best friends—till you come to have one dearer and nearer than even they—you will always find to be your relatives. Mr. Holt here will do me the justice to say that I have just expressed to him " She looked roundfor corroboration, but the witness she cited had disappeared. One of the drawing-room windows was open, and through it, finding his escape by the door cut off by his hostess, Mr. Holt had quietly stepped'on to the lawn, with a bow to Kate by way of apology for having remained even so long as he had in obvious opposition' to her wishes. " Why, where on earth is the man gone to ?" cried Mrs. Campden with indignant astonishment. ' " I suppose Mr. Holt thought himself de trop," observed Kate quietly. . " He was very foolish if he did, anicl I am bound to say, my dear Kate, since we are upon the subject,' that you were still moire foolish if you induced him to believe so. Mr. Holt is a man of means, and indeed, even of mark in his calling— and there are very few girls, no matter what their position, who would be justified in treating his attentions with contempt." "I cannot understand how any girl could be justified in doing that," answered Kate quietly. " Well, well, you know what I mean. There are some young ladies—only a few —who can afford to give themselves airs; and there are others—very numerous— who cannot afford it; it is well for them when they are not compelled by circumstances to put up with the airs of other people. There are governesses, for instance. I hope, my dear, I may never hear of your going out as such " " It i3 very likely that you may, Mrs. Campden," interrupted the girl calmly. "Well, as I have just said, I hope not; but it is, of course, possible, if your father's ruin is as complete as we have reason to fear, that circumstances may compel you to take such a course. We should all feel it—your parents, your sister, and ourselves—as a great misfortune, though not, of course in the light of a disgrace." fcumdjiioiwun "Indeed, Mrs. Campden, I hopeflnot,' answered Kate haughtily; "my father's daughter is, I venture to believe, incapable of bringing disgrace upon any member of his family." " Of course, of course; I don't mean that," returned her hostess quickly. "But your taking one up so sharp is just an example of how unfit-you are to undertake any subordinate position. If you were a governess, you know, people would say what they liked to you—that is, they would speak their minds very plainly. I always did so to Mary's governesses." Kate inclined her head assentingly; she had eveiy reason to believe the statement. " Well, here is an opportunity, my dear girl—at least, he has just gone out of the window—of avoiding this most unpleasant contingency." " If you please, Mrs. Campden, I would rather not talk about this matter," said Kate, looking up very flushed and with quivering lips. " But that is exceedingly foolish. Why hesitate to discuss what is not a mere theoretical affair, but something which is certain to happen ? Why refuse to hear any mention of poverty when you are about so soon to feel its sting?" " I feel it now, madam, at this moment," returned the girl with intense "But it was not to our poverty that 1 was jdhiding; you are welcome to do that] to your heart's content. But with r&apect; to. any—with respect to that gentleman's pretensions to my hand, for- to such J. am compelled to believe ; you refer, I will - pot be schooled; I will not listen to you; it is a matter with which you have no concern whatever whije God still leaves-me a-mother." For a moment the bitterness—the sense of the harshness of Fate—which the young girl felt in her heart of hearts, was permitted. to manifest itself in her tone;- but the mention of her mother evidently softened it. "I must beg, I must entreat, Mrp. Campden," she continued pleadingly, "that you will never mention this subject to mamma. She could not endure it; it would pain and distress her to an extent that I thinlr you are hardly aware of." : "I am quite aware of it, my dear Kate," answered Mrs. Campden, composedly; "and it is out of oonsideratidn for the state of your mother's health and —and condition—that I have addressed myself to you. A mother, aa you suggest, s the proper channel for such advice; but n this case, it is for your mother's sake I tpeak, and she can hardly plead her own cause. I say nothing of your father, though his regret at seeing his dear ones reduced through his own folly to a position so foreign to their experience, must indeed be poignant; nothing of your poor invalid sister, henceforth compelled to give up all those luxuries which to one in her condition are almost necessaries; nothing of your little brother,- so young that he is incapable of understanding the change that has shadowed his prospects. All these things can be remedied, if you please; but I speak of your mother only. She will never complain, of course; but she will suffer all the more. Every slight that may now be offered to her husband, in return for a sharp word in other days, willbe felt by her sensitive spirit like, a poisoneid dart. The withdrawal of fineweather friends, the open satisfaction of of enemies—these things will torture her. She will see yourself—her pride and flower—no longer the centre of admiration among the darling throngs iof fashion, but wearing out your days in poverty and seclusion, without a chance of such a suitor as she might of old have reasonably expected; some doctor 'or curate, or gentleman farmer, at the best, will necessarily fall to your lot; she w£ll see Jenny " * j " Spare me ! cried Kate, imploringly. " Do you suppose I do not foresee these things as well as you—-that they are riot brought home to me here?" and she pressed her hand passionately to fcjgr heart. i " That may be so," continued the otHer calmly. " But what you evidently do i|otsee is the reverse of the picture; tjie change that it is in your power to effect by the utterance of a single monosyllable. It is not as if you were asked to sacrifice yourself—as many girls are called uponfto do—at the shrine of mammon; you ajre not selling yourself to some miserable did man, who has only his gold to recpmmehd him, and who has forgotten, if he ever knew, what love is. Mr. Holt is f a man in eveiy way estimable^ and who—as you cannot but be aware-4-is passionately attached to you. You will make him the happiest of men; and |in time-7-for these . things .grow, my 1 dear Kate, the fanciful affection of a girl for" a lover she knows, nothing about isiipt |to be compared with the esteem and affection born of the duration of a husband—J say in time he will make you the happiest Jof women. Of course you don't think ^so now." Kate had turned "very pale, said sank down rather than seated herself iniah armchair. " It is so difficult for a yoifng girl to listen to the voice of experience in such a matter. That is why I preferred, in the first place to speak of the material aspects of the question, a consideration of which must surely needs carry-conviction. In accepting this gentleman you will confer inestimable advantages upon your family, to benefit whom he is only seeking for such an excuse; of course I don't mean mere mean gifts, Kate, though, whatever he may do for them under such circumstances, you may depend upon it he would feel the, obligation to be upon, his side. He has opportunities—golden ones—of putting things in your father's way, without any cost to himself whatever. I think these should be strong arguments, even though there were other means of extricating your family from their embarrassments; but there are absolutely none. This expedition of your father's to the Brazils, Mr. Holt tells me, is a fool's errand." "You think that would be given up," putin Kate suddenly—"that papa would remain with mamma, in case I—that is, if Mr. Holt " " My dear Kate, I wouldn't precipitate matters for the world," interrupted Mrs. Campden; " I think it upon the whole advisable that your father should take the voyage." " But you said it was a fool's errand." "Yes; but he will never be convinced of that without a personal experience. Heaven forbid, too, that any arguments of mine should induce you to take a hurried step in a matter so important; but I adjure you to lay them to heart. Remember you are the only one to whom those you love can look for assistance— I mean, of course, for permanent assistance," added Mrs. Campden, while a tinge of colour deepened the extremity of her nose. " It is not as if you had sisters to whom a similar chance might offer itself. Your parents have only another burden in poor dear Jenny, who must always be a source to them of expense, as well as anxiety." "Hush, for God's sake!" cried Kate imperiously. The flowof Mrs. Campden's eloquence had been such as to drown the noise of the opening of the door, and she was quite unaware that Jenny herself had entered the room. There she stood, white and wan as a ghost, with her magnificent eyes fixed full upon her hostess, with an expression of unutterable calm. " Do not be distressed forme, Kitty," said she with exquisite softness. Then, in the clear, incisive tones that were habitual to her, she added—" And as for you, Mrs. Campden, I should indeed be sorry that any one beyond our own family circle should be troubled upon my account. That I should always—so loiig as I live—be a source of anxiety to it, has been, I am afraid, decreeded by Fatebut as to my being a burden, I hope in that respect your apprehensions will not be realized." "0 Jenny, how can you ever be a burden to us!" exclaimed Kitty reproach- ftDly.- " In the manner that Mrs. Campdea -has pointed out, dear," answered her sister calmly. "She has, with great good sense, and without that foolish fastiaiousngss that would keep some people silent upon such a matter, laid her finger upon our weakest point—namely, the expense which an invalid like myself must necessarily be to my father and mother, ^who are no longer in a position to bear it For the first moment or two of surprise the mistress of Riverside had looked anything but the superior being which, in comparison with herfyoung guests, circumstances had recently made her; she had been discomposed, confused, and flustered; there was even a fleeting.instant in. which she had meditated an apology for having involuntarily wounded Jenny's feelings; but perceiving first no direct resentment in the girl's manner, and then that her own arguments had acquired an unexpected ally, she began to take courage. "Of course, my dear Jane, Ishould never have spoken - upon so delicate a matter as your illness had I dreamt you were within hearing. But Kate and I were having a little talk upon a private topic, during which it became necessary to touch upon aU the inconveniences to which, through your father's losses, your family would be now exposed." Jenny's eyes glanced to Kate and back again with the quickness of those of a bird. "I by no means wish to enquire into this private topic, Mrs. Campden," said she firmly; " but I should wish it clearly to be understood that any arguments founded upon my being an encumberance to my parents—upon my incapacity to earn my own living—have been advanced in error. If any important step were taken by any member of our family"— here she glanced again at Kate—''upon that supposition, it would be a great mistake; and if it involved anything of sacrifice, must needs be bitterly repented of, since it would have been made in vain." ' "But, my dear child," expostulated Mrs. Campden, with a certain maternal air, which perhaps of all her mental ^disguises became her least, "it is perfectly ridiculous that a girl in your position—a confirmed invalid—can' ever hope to obtain any situation, as a governess, for instance, or to -make money by Her own exertions? With all the good will in the world, you know, how is it possible that you are to do it?" "My dear Mrs. Campden; that is ait affair of my own," replied Jenny decisively, " as private as your late topic with Kitty; and you must therefore excUse my discussing it.- Here is Mary come at last, Mamma is still closeted with Dc Curfcon, by-the-bye, ana bade me say that, she would take no tea." % < 