A HAMILTON GHOST! Br PATHIGTUB. There ire more things In Besveo and earth. Than are dreamt ol In your phlleophy. — Hamlet. "Hs jnst four years ago since foe Grange Ford, with foe rmns of Heath s rid Inn standing a mute witness, "mock ing foe dead bones that lay scattering by," was the scene of the following ghost story. The strange occurrence of tiut eventful night I have treasured in silence, bring somewhat delicate to print it, lest tbe sceptical should deride my tale as a superstitious rhapsody ; but, on mature deliberation, I have concluded that in this modem age of learning, when srience and art are approaching the works offoe Creator of all- things, I Should be a living cheat to deprive my feUow- brings of the circumstances of this narra tive, which might eventnally become evidence to substantiate their super natural theories. Therefore, suffering from s sincere remorse through my wilful indiscretion, I have to crave publi cation in the columns of foe Spectator and with no further prelude, will assure my readers that this narrative is as true as the ink that prints it Twas midnight 1 and foe rambling thunder, foretetiftig a coming storm, spoke wi&er; and plainer than a mouth : " Patricias, seek thy home and couch t" X took a dive into toy pet overcoat bade " byedjye " to my cronies of the "free! and rosy," and with a hop; step, and' jump, emerged from foe Victoria Hotel, ! to wend my way -towards Hamilton' South. "Now was foe bewitching hour."-. Ominous dark deluges rolled -over- the, riondy canopy, making foe night as! tnaca as rnfc JNot even the glimmer of 'astray window light remained to'fumlia-' tue the eye ; even Chanticleer's note was hushed, «md foe howling mongrel canine' refused to whine — all, all shrank from fob: coming tempest to foe golden protection of "nature's sweet restorer balmy sleep:" The " sessions of sweet ralent thought" were already occupying my attention as I approached foe Grange Ford; but were suddenly wrested from me by a peculiar flash of light which glimmered immediately in front pf me. I stopped for &' momient to realise foe nature of the curious phenomenon. Perhaps ft was someone's lantern. No— I conld see nothing ; a dense hasy-iuist was hanging over the solitary valley, serving to "render darkness invisible." I listened ; but beyond foe growl ofthe distant founder, only a "deathly stillness rent foe air." Where was If Saints above I it was too true — £ was in foe vicinity of foe black ened waters wMch were filthily pollnted with foe dark annals of Hamilton crime.' Stern reflection immediately and rudely; thrust foe following soar truths into my1 heart. Yonder is foe stone which was darkened with the blood of honest Phil Keilay ; here is foe spol from which I -saw-foe grappling irons snatch foe dis coloured corpse of poor "Sheoak Joe" ; and this is the stygian pool which once enshrouded foe emaciated -remainS of foe! rinfortitoate Mrs. WBliamS, who was foUpd with a toystical etone tied to her. neck. Then, sudden reminiscences of Grange history, associated with murder, outrage, and aJrority,'- clouded ronnd my! trembling reason. Cbuldfoere 'lie such' thingsas ghostesndiinslj-Ithought Gertranly my wisdomans wered thatthe; suprrgatnral beloiiged only to God; but more -certain still, my cradle intuition — the voice of my nurse, " Bogie ! Bogie ! — the man '11 have you ! " — foot back with a terror to my faltering bosom. Was I frightened ! Ah I yes, my inmost soul was already a chamber of ghosts — myself within the most dismal of them all. . Gammoning my remaining courage,' I started for the footbridge; and had just gained the lower steps, when that same sickly, pale illumination foot but again, and vanished immediately in ad vance of me, inflicting my shivering frame with a heartrending encore. May hap 'tis foe order of the presumptuous Colqnhoun, who demanded — "Arise ! arise; ye mouldering dead 1 " Unseal your clos£d eyes ; Yoo have elntnbered long in your narrow bed- la a cloud of fire arise f I looked ; I listened. Then followed a faint, unearthly noise; which my imagina tion likened unto foe stealthy tread of a sneaking cat — so soft, so regular. Im pelled by fright; I supplicated, on bended knee; foe protection of the Guardian Angel, and after wiping foe cold perspiration from my aching brow, determined to advance. Ihad proceeded bnt five yards when foe light of a Vivid flash of electricity disclosed to my gaze, almost at my nose, a bugh dark spectre, moving from me. Night again en shrouding the form in her dark mantle: I blessed myself — ' God between ob and all harm !" Onward I went; until de scending foe hand-rail on foe opposite ode; my fingers touched something deadly cold; 'ten thousand times more horrible than my pro can write — something surely notbelonging to this world ! Oh, for 'just one drop of holy water ! A jet of fizzing fire foot towards my head, by the sparks -of which I could perceive -it was spat from foe- mouth of a black shiny face, and that a pair of white; chainy eyes, more powerful than the fire itself, glared into my very heart ! I could not recon cile foe apparition to any of my departed friends; so with a hkavy sigh, which would- have been a yelling shriek, but foatopeech was almost bereft me, I ex- 'tiaimeiL "Soirit of the mnsneT' s&fct; fofegimatoS 4wq ifosrara ftps few back frbmia set -oCfoeifiercest cannibal frsfo tippld frnagihe, end foe coup- xa :il|Sttang ;firs;: mpdaA rigbt into CMftL. frifoi affimefoitoriroce tobre awful, wardlyJhoriaile, riealifly, 1 frigfatfol, Jevilsih— — r #Headai you have pntisipated. It was! foe familiar voice of Sandy Hamilton foe MadkfeUow, Who reid— v"7« Hrihw, Fatritius, mo wait for yon ; vrly you no come'long qtdck t Got em jfftp : "Well, J-well, wett l He had been hence foe ; Jlisminsfaon-j and Jreanng a feotetro bdund him,1was wMtinig to borrow some His fcare deet, us he tramped foe reso- ||w- nmse ; raMf£i!jtpiWrataiighis "friend" and no mis- A clear, ringing laugh, displaying a set of pare ivory, told that Sandy had discovered my intimidation; and -were it not for an untimely occurrence which laid him low three days afterwards, he could have made me foe subject of de rision. Poor Sandy ! — the " last of his tribe" in Hamilton — was -burnt to death that week at the WannoD, through rolling, whilst under the influence of drink, from : his mia-mia into foe fire. Peace to Ms! bones 1 I need hardly add that -I have quite! overcome my beUefrod fright of nightly! phantoms Bince this occurrence, Dr that I wound up an eventful hour by saying my prayers and going to bed, without! Molesting the piece of stray toast; which foonld have formed my midnight I repast ' Hamilton, September, 1876. 