Victorian Sporting. Topfest [nx OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] IT is impossible to say that racing in Victoria is languishing or falling into decay with the following statistics staring us in the face. On the Flemington grounds there are no less than 140 horses in training, and 80 in Albert Park, not including several big strings in both private and public establishments beyond our home circle range, such as J. Wilson's, at St. Albans, Lang's, now at Brighton, Mr. C. B. Fisher's, in charge of Morrison, at Williamstown, Messrs. Chirnside, at Point Cook, which of course does not include several studs at Ballarat, Bendigo, and many other country places too numerous to mention. It is numerous studs that assist to make up the grand total of entries just made for our spring meeting, and which in round numbers show 697 items. It is not to be supposed that there are 697 horses, because that would embrace every racehorse in the colony of all ages, but it shows that there must be a great number in work to supply such a nomination as that sent in to the Victoria Racing Club during the past week. Your readers have heard, no doubt, a great deal about our Derby, and the many sensations attaching to it. First of all, New- minster was taken ill early in August, then he got a little better, then worse again, and as his constitutional barometer rose or fell so did his price fluctuate in the betting market. A few over sanguine bookmakers took liberties with him and overlaid, for which they will have to pay the piper should he win, though the ring, as a rule, have not over-reached their resources if they have discretion. Should he win the Derby it will cost them about £30,000, which will probably be met without one single default. It does not pay a bookmaker to break and not pay. The incomes from a steady business are known to be good, and if one of the magic circle gets cleaned out he pays and says nothing about it, inwardly resolving to adhere more closely to figures in the future, or at anyrate until he has recouped his exchequer again. A far greater misfortune than Nowminster's was the loss of the horses on board the City of Melbourne, which included the now defunct Sovereign and the unfortunate Chrysolite colt, for one is dead and the other worthless for present purposes, which robs the race of two of its most important candidates. Thus Newminster loses two of his most dangerous opponents, which of course improves his chance, and makes victory a little less uncertain. That there was no foul play connected with the accident to Newminster in the shoeing forge is well known, but the presence of antimony in his urine is beyond doubt and when one or two suspicious lads were turned out of the stable the colt began to mend, continued to improve, took his usual place in the gallops, and fell again into the regular system of work which he had been accustomed to take prior to his accident. The latest bulletin says he never was better, and his trainer, who is no mean judge, declares that he will win the Derby in a canter. Opposed to his chance is Tocal, and believe me he is no mean horse, and no unworthy candidate. A colt that can run his mile and a-half in 2 min. 43 sec., which he did do, less a head, in the Sydney Derby, must not be held too cheap; and as nothing at Flemington is doing better than he it will be wiser to estimate his chance on his merits, and not by prejudice or predetermined opinion. Newminster should, and probably will, beat him, but not easily, and should his trainer make the slighest error in the estimate of his condition, he will very likely suffer a defeat that will rather astonish them. Still the chances are in his favor, and he ought to win. Besides Tocal, the field will comprise El Moro, Volo, Napoleon, Presumption, the Luna colt, and King Winter, all fine, upstanding, well-bred colts and in excellent condition, but on performances they do not come up to the standard of excellence that must be conceded to local and New minster. It is pleasing however to know that the field is not going to be frightened out of all propriety by the formidable presence of these two cracks. The latest betting is 1000 to 900 against Newminster offered, 400 to 100 against Tocal, and 1000 to 100 any other, which means El Moro, Napoleon, and the Luna colt, for the others are to be had at easier prices. After the forty-two horses accepted for the Melbourne Cup, the best are Imperial, Valentia, Feu d'Artifice, and Irish Stew ; while Timothy, Sultan, Kismet, and Torchlight may be said to be occupying the dangerous cross- benches. As regards the first-named, Imperial, he is an aged horse, with 8 St. 10 lbs. possessing alarming pace, together with staying powers. He is one of those good horses that may be styled out of nothing. When he won the Sydney Gold Cup he was carrying 7 st. 9 lbs., and run the race in 3 min. 36 sec. He is a better horse to-day than he was on that occasion. Last autumn, with 8 st. 3 lbs., be ran second to Richmond, 7 st. 13 lbs., whom he went to serve, in the Australian Cup, beating Feu d'Artifice, 6 st. 12 lbs., the two miles and a quarter being run in 4 min. 21 sec. Had Imperial gone on independent tactics, there is no certainty that Richmond would have won. After the race his rider said he could have won at any part of the race, and the jockey on Feb d'Artifice was sanguine that he could have landed the stake at two miles, which is worth while remembering, as they are no wider apart now than one pound will place them, and where one finishes the other ought to be, and my opinion is that this will come to pass, and that the pair will be in the front rank at the finish. As yet Imperial has never been mentioned in the market, but he will come with a rattle before the day. The stable have backed Fen d'Artifice to win over £15,000, and the public hold her for another £10,000. She is reported to be as well as horse can be, and of course she has given her friends a great trial or they would never have piled the money on her and if she is better than Rapid Bay and Briseis they are quite justified in following her fortunes, for Rapid Bay is the fastest horse in the land up to a mile and a-half, and Briseis showed what a miler she was at the last Sydney Autumn Meeting. Next, taking Valentia, 7 st 7 lbs., and Irish Stew, 6 st. 3 lbs., the one ran second to Sunlight at Hawkesbury, and to 3 min. 34 sec, whereas Irish Stew, with 7 st. 8 lbs., a pound more than Valentia carried, was third in the Metropolitan to 3 min. 33 J sec. Therefore, both horses must be up to their ears in this Cup, for it would bring them to about 3 min. 35 sec. Then, as to which is the best of this pair, we cannot close our eyes to the fact of Irish Stew having a stone the best of the weights. This is in some measure balanced by two circumstances : a boy cannot ride him, so in order to procure an efficient j likely they will have to put up "at; secondly, he is a fretful, fidgetty, funny animal, as all the Ladykirk unfortunately also ; so with all the advantage of weight he may run himself out before the race is over. Now, Valentia is a much higher eli-- horse. To commence with, be is an admitted stayer, while his pace was proved in Katt his Derby and Leger, and more recently in the forgiven Plate, inn in Sydney, where he and the Valetta suit cantered together until they got to the four feet long poet, then away they rattled, the feat being a dead beat. Whether the Valetta was fit or not is shown by the way he won the Epsom Handicap and ran in a subsequent race. Therefore, it from Valentia to be a brilliant horse?, and at 7 lies. is to be preferred to I th Stew, being decidedly a more truly national. Another very strong fact pleads much for Yalcntia's chance in the Cup. It is that he was never properly prepared for the late Randwick meeting. He ran his races in simply fair condition, his trainer preferring to risk defeat there to jeopardising his chance for the Cup, therefore he may be expected to strip a much better horse at the forthcoming meeting at Flemington. Touching Sultan, there can be no two opinions about his pace, when with 7.13 he ran right away from Wollamai, 8.13, for the Midsummer Handicap, covering the mile and three- quarters in 3 min. 7 sec., and those who saw the race, will agree with me that he could have travelled the other quarter at a very fast rate. Sultan is marvellously well and a fine horse, and had he 7 lb. less on his back, this race might be booked to him ; as it is, he has to concede a great deal of weight to some remarkable good and well-in horses. Timothy, 7 st, is a racehorse none will gainsay. Some three months ago he threw out curb, and had to be eased in his work ; he is coming out very rapidly now, and being a game determined horse, must always be admitted dangerous when quite well. Kismet has arrived, and it is said that George Thompson will ride her about 9 st. 12 lbs., he preferring to carry afewpounds'over weight to entrusting her to a boy. She is said to go better with Thompson than with anyone else, so they are quite right to put Thompson up. When training at Maitland, about August last, she was tried to be better than Sunlight and when the latter beat Valentia at Hawkesbury, they thought they had a certainly in Kismet for the Cup. She had, however, been thrown off in mean time, and being a fraction"' irritable mare, may not come on again so readily" as they could wish. Sunlight could win this cup with 8 st. or more, no one doubts, then His met must be held to be a remarkably dangerous mare with 6 st. 10 lbs. or 12 lbs. Torchlight is a fine upstanding five-year-old, with 6 st. 8 lbs., and in admirable condition. He has gone through a most satisfactory preparation, and is one of those horses bound to give an account of himself, A fine long commanding stride is all in his favor but he bore a great deal, which will tire a has so that he may be unfortunate enough to put himself out before he completes the distance It took £15,000 before Sterling moved from 100 to 2 to 5 last week, and it was not until a similar amount had been taken about Venus that she got as high up in the betting as 100 to 4 freely offered. Sterling has to arrive, but the bulletins that preceded him say he is really himself once more. The Victorian people however have caught so hot over the horses in this stable-to wit Sterling at Hawkesbury, and Wrangler in Metro! politan that they are rather shy of investing in Ivory just now, and as Sterling has some real good horses to meet they are not so wrapt in his chance as they once would have been. Still we will wait and see him, and judge for ourselves That grand horse Clifton is in remarkable good condition, but so sore that it is the veritable cat on hot bricks over again. His stable, notwithstanding, assert that he has a great show. Southern Cross is a mass of good condition, but badly in, and ought to have no ghost of a chance beside Sultan. Dilke is not going too well and the in and out work he is doing does not please those who witness it. At the same time his friends appear to be perfectly contented, and look upon this Cup as a good thing. Impudence is a remarkably fine horse, but my impression is that he is not good enough in such company as he has to meet here. Canterbury and Spark in Lang's stable-whither Venus goes are doing very well, and the first-named has been largely backed to win this race. But train- ing in retirement as he does, it is impossible properly to estimate his prospects. There is some doubt about Newminster going for the cup, and this is borne out by the other races of the meeting for which he is entered, and the stable would be wise to avoid all handicap races until he has run through his three- year-old engagements for it must be an open question as to his winning. Mountaineer is not yet down, but coming, Venus is no good, and Vain Hope almost as much out of place, Bella and Fisher- man too are not for this company. Then again, the Deer is vaunted by his trainer as a wonder, and so jealous is he of inquisitive and enquiring eyes that nobody has ever seen him out of a canter, so none believe in his chance, except- ing those who have been talked into it. If they would show us one gallop we might be made an apostate to our present belief, but not until then: if the three-year-olds start, commend me to Aldinga, who will not be asked to do battle in the Derby. In conclusion, there is a very nice, clever, little horse in Spring Jack, but as he trains in private, it is impossible to say what chance he may have. The ring offer 1000 to 10 which, of course, nobody takes; he trains with Imperial. The latest betting U 30 to 40 Four d'Artifice, 100 to 10 Valentia and Stew 100 to 7 Impudence, 100 to 6 Dilke, New minster, and Sultan, 100 to 5 Vain Hope, Canterbury, Sterling, Kismet, Imperial, Torchlight, and the Deer, 100 to 4 Rapid Bay, Timothy, and Clifton, 100 to 3 others. There will be a large field for the Maribyrnong; eighteen or twenty may be expected. J.Wilson, of St. Alban's, has seven in-Snranaka, First King, Richmond Belle, Pardon, and three others. Savanaka is in the betting, but on the day First King is very likely to supplant him, and turn out to be the real Simon Pure ; the others to be regarded are Rapidity, Hawkesbury, Salisbury, and Expectation and Viscount from Sydney. It is a very fluky race at the best, and proportionately difficult to pick. The betting w 8 to 1 Rapidity, 10 to 1 Savanaka and Expecta- tion 12 to 1 others. 