; TALES kMU SIC1T0HIS. mm THE SH5PJD0MES KGfiSE. A OBHISTMAB STORY, EY THE Adthoks ce 'Esaks Mo«ej Monitor.' &c.; ... CHAriEallL We looked about ns. The day was-.tipoii us, and the sun, jast risen, was already hot in our faces. The sea was calm, with a light breeze blowing from tho trade quarter. The ship had disappeared. Long afterwards we learned ? that the Lucy Derrick, which sailed from Melbourne in tbo jear 3857, wis never heard of again. Whether she was wrecked through' ignorant navigation, or whether the crew of desperadoes made for thfr Australian coast, an-l then ran hor ashore and scnttled hor, we could, not tell. The underwriters paid up their liabilities and thero was. an end of it. '2To sail in eight, nor any shore,' said Ben Croil, looking at a pocket compass. '_ . ' Heart up, pretty.' '.' That was what ho always said. ' Thero's water on boaiJ, ,ilso provisions, though not whftt we . njight wish for the likes of you. I thought ib might come to thia and I victualled her. There'8 land on the weatheribow, if the Lord send we reach if. Land ! A island ! St. PeteT'sitJand, whore wo'U be picked up, when ?we get there, Mr. Warneford, sir, help me h'ist tho sail.' Wo carried a mast and one eraall sail.' Ben managed tbe ropes, -while I steered under his orders. Eat fiiEt we rigged up, by means of fcho spare oar, somo rough kind cf covering to prote.cl cur passenger. And then we sailed on, in silenco, wrapped in our thoughts, iwhilo the beat danced upon the waves, leaving it3. little track of white foam behind it, A'poaceful, quiet and happy day. N— — tells me that she was not afraid; all that time. Nor was I. V/e wero in a little, open boat on tho open sea. We were dependent for oursafetyonthocontintiancaof calm weather'; we wero dependent for landing anywhere , on old Ben's kno-mlcdgo of tlie.scas and recollection of the .chair. He knew tho latitude and-longitude of the ship, making allowance in dead reckoning for the time when wo left Ler, and he, knew the latitude and longitude of tho nearest land, j 1 drew a rough chart, from his information, on the back of a letter, which— —had in her pocket. It had two places marked on it; the position of the. ship, Lucy Derrick,, at' noon, 15th Soptembor, 1851, latitude -10 dog.; 20 min.S. and longtitudc ? ; and tho Islaud o£ St.- ?Peter latitude 42 deg. 2 min. B. and Longitude — . 'Sho was making ten knots good on mi even, keel. That's ten knots in fifteen hours; that's : ten times fifteen, that'a a hundred and fifty knots by seven bells -when thoy [cut-throats came on deck, and our course, IT, W. by W. 5Ta?k nio out tbat on the chart, Mr. Warneford.' It was «i rough and roady way of reckoning. Bat I icncr.ged to place tbeposition of tbosb.ip as near as possible when wo left her, and he began to pore over ibechait again. ' . 'Now, whether to keep her head tip N. W. by N., or give her an extra point in a northerly direction, 'beats me quito. And there's cunents; which in these little- fair weather ,craft one aint evenablo to.guard against; and tho wind- 'which beats her on and off like. But St. Peter liseover there.,; Heart up, pretty. , -We'll, fetch land to morrow -with the blossin' of the Lord,' '...-.- It was Ben who served out tho rations arHd?the water,1 ol which we bad a keg, besides a: boitlp of mm and two or three bottles of wine, whidr.iiad forced their way among Bon's stores. The sun vrent over our heads and beganito roll down into the west ; but thore was no lifenpon 4ho waters except ourselves : no -birds, no gaat or. little tiau, nothing to break tho solituie. . : -- At «i little after seven tbosun went quite.dovrD, and in half on hour we were in darkness.! The breeze freshened, but Ben kept up the oailitill 1 iold liira.tbat I was dropping to sleep; for^heer TvcaiincEJi. Then' he took in the canvas; and re sumed his placo in the stern. '? ; 1 Like .-i.lhoughtiess and uagratoful wretch' as 1 .was, Ith'rew myself iato the bottom of thyboat, and should ha,te leen.aslcop in five mirmies but for our passenger,, who called the crew .to prayers.; ,...-.} ;-?;.,,. ? .? ? , . , ( .. ,, . ?? ? - She ' was onr chaplain aoTrcllae our guardian angel. Ae her sweet voico went up to hearfln f er 'Ti'9'aU-;.A8.Bho sang'tbo evening hymn^ tliereHcaTiscj oxer rne^ iho Cret timp for five. years, the olfl'fcel jot; which iaaiwajsricw/ that whctnerl ^iyed pi whclhcr-i died, all ^©nltl RombboW lc xrc'll.' An j j with that feeliug upon nio I laid my tired head upon tho boaTda and was asleep in a momont. It was far advanced in the night -when I awoke to relieve Ben. Ho had stripped himself of his co'at to lay , it oyci the fiho'alders of tho sleeping girl, and was sitting in bis shirt sleeves. As I Btepped lightly over her form, to take tbo tilings from his band, he whispered me— '? Mate, was tbat true— them words ns Boston Tom spoko in tbo boat ?' ' I have been a convict,' I replied. 'How did he know tbat?' ' I cannot tell you. I wish to Leaven I could.' ' \7bat did bo mean by saying he would tell you who really done it V ' Done the forgery for which I was condemned? lam innocent, Een Croil; Before God lam in nocent.' He was si'.ent awhile. ' I can't ««! ray -way plivin.' One thing's got to be said. Wo may toss aboui in them seas till our water's gono ; -wo may get cast a^ray ; we may bo wrecked. I ain't so old but I can ruako a fight fcr life yet, and I ain't so young but w hat I may look to be called first-. You may bo iu nocenfc cf that tbero for£ery, or you may bo guilty. 'To eoncarn of mine. Innocent or guilty don't matter now ; and whatever it ware, Mr. YTarneiord, the guilt of puttiu' another man's name to a bit of paper i9 like the guilt of a baby cryin' at the -w'roug timo comyatcd to the guilt oi ill-treating this sweet young lady.' ' I pray God,' I returned, ' that Ho -will deal with me in His wrath if I shall deal with hor unworthily ; tbat Ho will punish me afresh for tho deed I nevor committed if I prove myself unworthy of this charge.' 'That will do,' said Ben ; ' find now we understand each other, I think I'll tarn in. Keep her head so, steady.' I let Lira sleep till the day was high. When the first cold breeza of the morning touched our lady's faco she opened her eye3, and presently sat up beside tnoand we taifcod. That is to say, sho talked. Sho told me about herself ; how her mother was dead in England aud bcr father had taken her out to Australia fivo or six years ago. Ho was a barrister by. profession, but ho had no practice, and a -very little money. So ho went to Melbourne, bought a little pioco of land with a log house on it, and tried to practise there, only no clients came to him, or very few, and it was an uphill battle ho had to fight. Then came tho cold fever, and like the rest cf the wnrlrl lin would be off to thcdiggiDgg to make his fortune, while she was sent off home out of the way. Tho tsars came into her eyes as sho spoko of her father, who it was plain to mo was oto of tho helpless sort, easily carried away by any new idea, and uttcily incapable of making away for himself. But a good hearted, easy sort oi man, and fond of his daughter. To hor ho -was simply perfection. Sho spoko o£ bis extraordinary abilities — he had obtained sotno sort of honors at Oxford ; of his wonderful gifts as a writer — ho had written poems ?which no ono would read ; of his forensic powers— he bad never bad any causes to plead ; and of his goodness, -which con sisted chiefly in bis. love for horself — a helpless, sanguine man, born for failure. So I learned, in tirab, to read his character, and though. I never saw him I think I was pretty nearly right. All this bistcry took a longish time to tel!, and before it Wcis dono old Bon woke up with a start. Ho looked round the sea as if to make quito. sure that ho had not gone to tbo bottom in his bleep, and then nodding oheerfully to his charge and to mo began to scan tho horizon to the sorth and north-west. 'Land,' ho orioi^ pointing to what seemed a little bank of clouds, as big as a man's hand, ris ing out of the circle in -which* -wo were tho centre. ' Land ahead of us— land thirty miles off. Heart up, my pretty, and a double ration for breakfast. Now, Mr. Warneford, the breezo is light, but we'll up sail and mako what running we can. Maybp, by noon, we must gei the sculls out. C'Leorly, all— yolio !' Our captivity in the bcj,t had been too short for U9 to feel any o£ the sufferings or disappointed hopes whieb mako tbe story of shipwreck bo often tragic. Wo had suffered nothing beyond ex posure on a summer sea for four and twenty, hours. But the certainty o£ a speedy deliverance paled my cheek and brought the tears to Misa Elwoood's cyea. 'Lot ushr.ve morning prayers,'' sho said, 'and tbank Qod for tins deliverance.' Een Croil nodded. At the same tine he cut an inch or so of tobacco for a freah plug, and winked at me as much as to say that wo were not out of ' the wood yet. We were not, indeed. Theland,.is we drew nearer, seemed a long and low ' iflUt, without any lulls, and covered with some sort cf low- lying vegetation. It waa less than thirty miles from us, because, while it vr&s; seven in the morning tbat it becatno visible, by ten wo were within a mile, beating about for tho best place of landing. ' The Islcnd of St. Peter,' saul Miss ElwocO. ' I never beard cf that island. Tell ae about it, Mr. Croil.' .' . . i ' No one never heaid about it,' said Ben, 'except them as made the charts, because no ono novor goes there. Eat they pass by, do tho chips, and will pick us up, It may be to-morrow, it may be in a year's timo, it may bo in ten years' timo ; and the whalers have been known to touch there.' So there must bo water, and where there's water thoro's birds, and where Ibero's a coast thero'D Csb, and so, what' I sayeis, again—, heart up, my pretty. Luff, Jlr, Warneford,' . There vim a lUtlecreekup, which, Eon sloercd tho boat ; it opc-nodinto a round bay or harbor capable of holding hah! tho Bhips in the world ; on cither side ran the land, not in] cliffs or hills, but in a low table land. In ono place a littlo cascade, ten or tvroiily feet higb, fell into tho blue water with a rainbow hanging over it. And in another we saw tbo remains of Made log house, built out of boat plants. To this spot weslce-retl and landed, on a point oi grey gand. up which we two men pullod the. boat high and dry above the tide. Then we disembarked our young ladji .The tlrst tbicg. to do was to visit tbo. log bonne. Tho door bad fallen from its rude hinges, which had been of leather ; there had been a rcci£b 'kind of wiudbw tkuttcr, ubich now lay on tfcc Crpuntl, and the roof, which could n&vot; liavo been ! 'wCbtljcHigUt, wan lull t lip wiih planks, of whkli half a dozen had been, blown off. Wo looked iS« ? side, I going first. . - -— . -| On the floor lay a skelotOD. Drcencd in rfiflgE j sailor's clothes, -the hands in gloves, iho foet m great boots— a skeleton. Ho lay -with his head ? ? upon his arm, .is if ho had given up tho ghost : paiulessly, Eeside him were a cbair, a rudcEOrt ! of table, and a led. Shelves had been rigged vq ; on tho walls of, tho house, and on them stood : stores; there wero bottles sWfull cf mm, Una of provisions, cases cf biscuit, cases of candles, ! all sorts of things. j We stood looking in terror at [this spectaclo o£ I death, which greeted as on err landing, as ii it ;? was a bad omen. ( j 'Dead !' said Ben Croil; 'Dead thia many I a day. And no ships touched here all that lime.! Well, he's left his houso to ts. Mr. ^Varnefoid, we must bury him somehow.' t ' And aro wo to live here— here in thc'samo houso?' cricl ? . 'Oh ! it will be liko. j living in a clurr.tl house.' \x \ So it wouia ? but what wero we to do? Finally,' wo hit on a compromise. We would take down tho framework, when we bad buried our skeleton,1 and rebuild the house further off. Wo looked in the dead man's po:kcts ; not a strap cf papor to identify him l»y ; not any singlo piece of writing anywhere to show who he was, and what hod bc$n bis history. Een Croil took the boois, tho ovcrc&ut;, and tho gloves, as well as a watch, an J a purso containing some English money. Then we dug, with tho aid o£ a two-inch board, a grave in the sand, two foot deep, and laid tho poor bones, where they rest still, and wiU rost undisturbed till tho last Jay.' When we came back from oar dreary job we found that Miss Elwood had been wooping,' at least tho traces stood in her eyen, but she brushed them away and mado hereelf helpful, running backward and forward to the boat anil bringing up everything that eho contained. One houso was not finished for several dayp, bntwo mado a tent for her, and slept in front of it our* selves, so thai no harm might come to her except; over our bodies. In the daytime we wore buss building. Wo found a bag of tools, part of the. bequest of onr poor Robinson Crusoe, which cairie, in handy, you may believe ; and on tho fourlli! day we had aa neat a houso, twolvo feel higb, and in the inside fifteen by ten, as you could ospocfc to find. There was but ono room, but we made two at night by a jurtain made out of tho boal'.s cail. Anil tihpn ihpi JinncA tc.hi fini-.-limi an nnt down and asked onrselvos what nest. Miss Ehvood, while we wero building,, esplorod tho wholo island. There was not much to ex ploro. It was, as neaTas wo could mako jit, a mile long by half a mile broad. Tiicro wore two springs in it, ono oi which formed the little stream, which poured its waters into tho bay where- we landed. Tbero wore nmltitmloa cf sea-birds running and Hying about tho place v/hoso eggs wo took for our food. Tbero was a sort of wcrad in ono place, the trees of 7/hich wore so blown do'ftn and beaten about by the wind that nono of them wero more than ten foet higb, while tho branches wero interlaced and twined together in ine.itiib*, able confusion. Tho middlo part of tho islbfc was in part lower than the edges and covered with grass ; and at tho western point, there etood all by itself a ro:k about forty or Gfty fert higb, round which screamed and flew perpetually myriads of birds. ; 1 found a way to the top of this rock, and planted there cur signal of dictrcss, a long while streamer flying from tho mflst of the boat, which: we managed to stick pretty firmly into a cleft of the rock. ?' This rigged mo-£-, we sslUed flown' -to ciar ttw, life. Tho manner jof it was as follows :— We beg^tf with morning prayer?, said by our chaplain ; then breakfast. Then in fine weather Ben and I went fishing in tbo bay— not lar from land, yon may to sure, becauso sho bogged us, with tears iu her eyes, not to risk being ' carried out to sea, and leaving ior alone upon ' the Wand. When we had lack wo; would briug homo enough fish for dinner and breakfast too. On such days we wero sparing witi our stores. Then for dinner, besides the fisb, wo had Eea-birda1 eggs--strong in taste but noi.nn whole*' Borne— boiled and fried, arid flomctim? s, to vary the diet, wo knocked down the birds themselves* and xoa&icd; them. For firewood, wo had ono littlo coppice to (tip and hack at. ' ? Out supper was the same as our dinner. And, as tho oven* ings grew cool and chilly, we used after supper to sit all three together round the fire of logs and talk till Een gavo tho word to turn in, Then evening prayers and sloop till dawn. Silting before tl-o fire on those long evaniags oE winter, .whon wo did not care to waste our littla stock of candles, it was natural that we should get to know each other, and it stood to reason that I should be asked to tell my stcry. over and over again. At first I could see that old Ben distrusted me. A convict, ho thought, mnstneeda be a thief. Else, hew should he boa convict? He trusted me, however, with the yosng lady ; he could depend upon mo for my sh.iio of duly ; but that story of innocenco waa for a long thne loo much for hiza. And it waa a joyfo) moment for 'me when, one evoniug, Btn held out' hia band tome. . ' . ' ' '''.', 'There!' he said, 'I can't help it,'. I'to tried to help it, botl can't. My lad, you aro ;a« innocent ae I am, You couldn't hteal (ii syoti were to try. Show me the man na' bajs ven could.' ? ' ? ? __ I went through' it' all, frcm the beginning^ picking up a thread hero, and a forgotton' detail there— Misa Elwood listening and putling-'it together until sue kncw'.afl' much as I hilcV taj solf. I drew a plan of tho oW city efficoj ebowiog the position of my own desk, tho dews of the others, ,and tho room of the chief. Ben Croil, taking small interest in tbo details, inUr* csted himself with the main 'factej ,It -was enough for him that a great orimo had : been committed, and Iho wrong man' punished. ;Tliat lucre should le any subsequent' altcrbp^i inftde' to 6x tho guilt on the right inari; sccroeil to him preposterous.. .'Wliije w(0 ialkctl, 'in those long wiuter, evenings, ho sat silent in his own corn«v with bis head Against Iho wall, until iho time arrived when he could nmoko tho -one, half-pipo which he allowed himself for a1 daily ' raUo'p. .; And the story' came to tb»«, lloll it now 'becaoue it ttoo told so often dnring' 6u» ialmi atay :— On Friday morning, 18th August, 1816, I went as usual to the office in Lower Thames stroet, being then a clerk, ia the firm of Batterick and Balchin, of fivo years' standing, getting on for one and twenty years or age, in the receipt of a salary, handsome for my age and standing, of a hundred and twenty pounds a-year. I lived just south of the borough, between the church and Kennjagton Common, having my little sister Ruth with me in Iodging3. For economy, as well as for exercise, I always walked to the city and back. Ruth wa3 at school all flay, bnt had tea ready for me when I reached home, which happened, unles3 a press of work kept mo lato, not later. than bis. After teal Vent through her lessons with the child, and at bine o'clock she went to bed. In those days it was reokoncd a bad sign for a young city man to be out late at night, or to smoke, or to frequent tavern3 ; and thero were no music-halls or such fast places. I. was not only careful of my repu tation, but, being inclined towards my duty, perhaps taken a prig, and disposed to rate my eelf as a model clerk. I belonged to a young men's mutual improvement society, where we had lectures, a library, and a weekly dhcussion, But as a rule I was in bed by ten. And day after day that was my simple life. A week's Loliday in tho autumn gave me a run with Ruth at Herue Bay or Oravescnd, just to smell the sea, Then tlieio wero a few old i'riends of my father's, whom we visited at rare intervals. I knew nothing of the dissipations and vices of the great city, among which I lived as iguorant and unsuspicious as it they did not exist. Ot course, in general terms, one knew something, but ?only in such terms as one heard of in tho pulpit, tho clergyman boing as innocent of details and ex perience as most of hi3 cougrogation. That was my life : the lifo of a hard-working cily clerk, Loping by long years of patient work to rise to the higher levels of good salary and complete con fidenco. As I havo said above, I had already risen above tho heads of some, my seniors in point of ago, and I was not without some con fidence from tho good old man, chief partner and my patron, Friday morning, ISth August, 1S1G, I was at the oflice door as the city clocks begun striking nine. I was at ray do3k before the last stroke of the last clock had coased. At ten I was sent for, Mr. Balchin/ the chief partner, wanted me. He was busy when I went in, and hardly lookod up. He had a mes sage of some importance to sond, which it would have taken timo to write. He explained the circumstances at full length, and instructed me as to the form in which I was to explain thorn. He was a precise gentleman, and liked to havo things put in language as dcCnito as possible. When I quite understood what I was to say, and why I was to say it, I asked him if thero was anything elso I could do for him.. Ho looked round, and taking an envelope which lay at his elbow, half opened it and handed it to mo. 'You may cash that little cheque for me, Warneford, if you will be so kind,' he said. ' I will take it in gold,' I took the envelope, without looking at the Contents, and went away. 'After executing my commission, and receiving i satisfactory answer, I returned to the oflice, &nd; my foot was on tho threshold, when I sud denly remembered the eh'ccme. It was lucky, I thought, because Mr. JBalcliiu was ia the clerks Office, and with him a gentleman, who, I remem bered afterwards, was ono of the partners in tho firm of Sylvester, Cayley and Co., our bankers. I ' fan to the bank as fast as I could, threw the envelope across the counter, and j ust said, 'Gold, :plcasc,' as I pulled out my hand korchie: and wiped my forehead, for tue dfiv was liot. Tho clerk opened the cheque, looked at mo with surprise for a moment, and then left mo at the counter, while he wont first to the door, and said 3om 3 1 Ling to the porter, and then walked into the innor room. He came back to me after a t'ow moments, and said, 'You're got to go inside please. Go quietly. It's all up at laat..' No;v Ideelara that I knew no more what ho meant than a child. But I supposed there was some _ message for Mr. Balcliin, and I went into the inner room— a largo room filled with clerks where tlin re.il l.nmifi.qq nf f.lift Ixinlr w.is fci'rt.nsnr-l;«ri. Everybody looked at me oddly as I walked to thB end at which, the partners aud nnuagers were to be fouud. One of them seemod to be waiting for me. He pointed to a chair. 'Sit down,' he said, 'and wait.'' The tons of his voice was not ancouras'ing, but I -obeyed and waited. Not a single thought crossed taj braiu that thero was, or could be, anything wrong. In tea minutes or so a policeman apnsared, and [understood I was to go with him. I thought it must be as a witness, and it was not till I was at the Mansion Hguse that I understood I was Hrreated.on a charge of forgery. £ laughed : it was so absurd that I Iauguad. «',Send for Mr. Balchin,' I said. They put me in tho dock for the preliminary Jkaminalion. Mr. Balohin gave evidence, He ffas.sbal:en and agitated ; ho would not look me In tho face ; he broko down once or twice with, ^'motion, but hia evidonoo wa3 clear. I It had beon discovered, a day or two before, Hiat a system of embezzlement by way of forgery bod been ia practice for some mouths. The dame of the firm was forgei by somo one who know how to initiate the handwriting of Mr. Balchia. A sum, in all araountiug to upwards of £990, had thus been fraudulently obtainod. To ntop tho forger, at least for a timo, Mr. Balchin had been asked by the bank to add a private mark to his name. On this morning ho had placed in niy hands, ho said, an envelope con taining n cheque for £12, with his signature having tbe private mark.; and he had asked mo to .cosh that cheque at tho bank. He swore positively that ho had drawn that cheque, and no other, the day before. The counterfoil provod that. , Yet tho cheque I presented was for £80, and it had not the private mark, Observe, how, how tha evidence grew moroand moro circumstantial I had one cheque given mo, rrprp30»ted another. Doubtless I mast- have torn op the first on /the way there— an important tircumstauce. Icame'back from executing my commission, but did not'cAsh tho cheque;- 1 gob bj far as tho door of tho office, I wai seen to look in aud retreat hurriedly. Mr. Balchin was im tho clerks room with one of the partners of tho bank, I was observed to retreat liurriedly ; I walked fast, orrathor ran, to tho bank; I presented tho cheque for £80 in a quick anxious way, and I asked for the whole ataouat in gold. Naturally, it wu assumed that I vr»3 going lo abscond with the proceeds of my Ia3t forgery. In fact, no question at all wai raised as to xaj guilt. That was concluded from tho very beginning. The Lord Mttyor rofuaed bail, and I was sent at onco to the prison, which I only loft to hz tried and convicted. That was tho story. I told it again and again while the wood fire crackled on our hearth. Miss Elwood asked mo for every detail. Sho turned the mattor over and looked at it in all its lights. But she always came back to one point. ' Mr, Balchin gave you a cheque which he had drawn the day before. How could he swear that tho envelope had not been changed by some ono else?'1 And there was another point. It was assumed, though the charge was not pressed, that I had been the forger in tho preceding frauds. Now juo.clerk could swear that I had prosonted one of tho forged cheques ; also, it was proved, in tho defence, that my lifo was quite quiet, innocent and himplo. Every hour of my day w»3 laid baie_ for the jury. No motive was discovered for the crimo ; no secret source of extravaganco was ascertained. And it was found that the frauds had been committod by moans of a cheque book, yet heaven knows where, ? not that in tho possession of Mr, Balchin. No attempt was made to find out how I could have obtained the cheque book. But these ?were trifles light 03 air, in com« parison with tho weight of Ibo-circumstances against me. Only Miss El wood came back to the same point. ' Who could have changed the envelope with Mr. Balchin's cheque ?' I do not say that the discussion of my story occupied the whole of our time on tho Island of St. Peter's. Wo bad work to do all day, and were often glad to turn in soon after dark ; in the summer we walked and talked outside ; and we were always looking for the ship that was to give us our release. At first we looked with certainty. Every morning I climbed tho signal rock and looked round on tho broad waste of tho sea ; ©very morning I made tlte same gosturo of disappoint ment. In a for/ months wo got to look on deliverance as a thing possible indeed, but far off. After two years we no longer dared to hop?, In the third year we sometimes looked at ono another, with eyes which said what tbc tongue dared not utter, ' We are prisoners hero for life.' Our stores by tliis timo had well nigh vanished, cave for a few bottles of rum kopt for medicine, the only mediciuc we bad. Old Ben was fain to smoke a tobacco compounded of nuts, which he gathered and dried. We had learned tho resources of our island, and knew exactly what variety it .afforded, and what was beat for us to eat. There was plenty such as it was ; the birds did not desort us, nor tho fish, there were eggs, there was a kind of lettuce, thero was abundance of fresh water. And there was still a tin of biscuits for Miss Elwood, in case she might take a disgust, as happened once, at the monotonous food of our island life. We foil into the way, by degrees, of arranging our days as if there was never to be any change. For myself, I almost think, now, that but for one thing, I did not want ono so far as I was con cerned. The ono tiling was that I had come' to an understanding with Mm Elwood.) It grew up by degrees, It wns long before I ventured to tell her what I felt. Tho words were forced from me ono night when— old Bon being asleep on his stool, with his head against the fire— my sweet mistress was moro than usually kind, if it wore possible for her to be kinder at one time than at another, and I was more than nsuallj forgetful of my condition, I remember— as if I should ever forget that moment— that I took her hnnd as it lay upon her lap, and held it in mine while I lookod in her face, and read her soft, sweet brown oyos. I saw by the look in her eyes that she know what I wa3 burning to say, and I waited for the loast token— any hint that I was not to say it. It was a night in ocr winter— the English July ; outside the hut the wind whistled uua tue nun utew, I told her in few words what I bad to say, aud I was silent again. She aaid nothing and I kissed her hand. '?'Speak to me, darling, speak,' I whispered, 'if it is only to forbid me ever agnic to tell you what I feel.' 'George,' she replied, bending low towards tno so that I felt her sweet breath, aui caught the glow of tho fire upon her blushing cheek. ' Wo have been together more than two years ; we have learned to road each other's souls. My beloved, if you have learned to love mo, who am I that I have noV learned to love you in .return? Tell mo what-ia nght lo do. No, not now. Not to-night. Think it-over and tell me to-morrow.' I passed that night in sleepless thought. Had I done wrong in speaking my mind? And yet, if we were to spend our lives in this forlorn and castaway condition, would Helen marry mo if we were back in Melbourne, or in London? With what face could I ask it ; how go to her father ; how dare evor to lift my eyes towards her? But hero it was different, and in the morning I came to some sort of conclusion. I told her what I thought was right for us both to do. I would not accept tho great sacrifice of cm engagement from her ; I had been wrong, perhaps, in telling her my love, but it was too late to retract tint.' If relief came to us speedily she should be free ; if nono came 'within a year we would marry on tho island ; but should wo beforo that time be takon from me piaco, we woiuu oniy marry suouui it please God to make my ianocenco -plain bofore all tho world. Sho accepted my conditions. She said she would marry mo whore and when I pleased ; but for the sake of her father, if we got Bafe to Eng land, my character should be clearod, if that might be, for her own sake. ' She know me, she said, and that was enough'.' And so wo were' to go on talking of lovq, provided I norer lost faith and hope in the days to come, if wo wero evor rossuod from the island. Wo wore happy, I think, after that. I began to hone, now, that no I ship might come before tho end of the year. ! But ono day — it wanted but a month of the time— I saw, with a head full of conflicting emo tions, a whaler steering straight for our island. Ben Croil rushed up to tha aigoal rock, and be gun waving his streamers with frantic shouts. Holen and I looked at each other, and the tears camo into my eyes. 'Helen,' I saiil, 'I am going back to the world as a returned convict, I have lost you for ever.' 'Ko, rio,' she cried, throwing herself into my arms; 'never George. We will work together to solve this myatery, and if it is nevor solved, rny4 love find my husband, tho Lord will find out . a way. Oaly wait and trust, And if the worst comes to the worst, and we are n.ovor to marry, we shall be brdther and sister always. But iu~ all this wide world, do not forget that there is only one man whom I can ever love.' '? And here I lay down the pen, and leave another to toll the story of how tho a word of honor was restored to me. 