POETRY. A FORSAKEN GARDEN. Ik a coign of tho cliff between lowland and highland, At the sea-down's edge between windward and loo, Walled round with toska as an inland island, The ghost of a garden fronts tbe sea. A girdle of brushwood and tbom encloses The steep square elope of the bloesomlees bed Where the weeds that grew green from the grave* of its roses Now lie dead. The fields fall southward, abrupt and broken, To the low last edge of the long lone land. If a step should sound or a word be ppoken, Woald a ghost not rire at the strange guest's hand P So long have the gray bare walks lain guestless, Through branches and briers if a man make way, He shall find no life but the sea-wind's, restless Night and day. The dense hard passage is blind and etiflod That crawls by a track none turn to clitnb To the stiait waste place that the years have rifled Of all but the thorns that are touched not of tim?. The thorns he spares when the rose is taken ; The rocks are left when he wastes the plain. The wind that wanders, the weeds wind-shaken, These remain. Not a flower to be prest of the foot that falls not ; As the heart of a dead man the seed-plots are dry ; From the thicket of thorns whence the nightingale calls not, Could f-he call, there were never a rose to reply. Over the meadows that blossom and wither Rings bnt the note of a 6ea-bird's song ; Only the sun and the rain come hither All year long. The sun burns sere and the rain dishevels One gaunt bleak blossom of scentless breath. Only the wind here hovere and revels In a round where life seems barren ss death. Here there was laughing of old, there was weeping, Haply, of lovers none ever will know, Whose eyes went seaward a hundred sleeping Tears ago. Heart handfast in heart as they stood, ' Look thither,' Did he whisper ? ' Look forth from the flowers to the sea ; For tbe foam-flowers endure when the rose-blossoms wither, And men that love lightly may die— but we ? ' And the same wind sang and the same waves whitened, And or ever the garden's last petals were shed In the lips that had whispered, the eyes that had lightened, Love was dead. Or they loved their life through, and then went whither ¥ And were one to the end— but what end who knows ? Love deep as the sea as a rose must wither, { As the rose-red seaweed that mocks the rose. \ Shall the dead take thought for the dead to love them ? What love was ever as deep as a grave ! They are loveless now as the grape above them, , Or the wave. VA11 are at one now, roses and lovers, -,Not known of the cliffs and the fields and sea. Nat a breath of the time that has been hovers In the air now soft with a summer to be. Not a breath shall there sweeten the seasons hereafter mfc Ofttio flowers or the lovers that laugh now or weep, if' When as they that are free now of weeping and laughter % % We shall sleep. Here death may deal not again for ever ; Here change may come not till all chinge end. From the graves thev have made they shall rise up never, Who have left nought living to ravage aud rend. Earth, 6tones, and thorns of the wild ground growing, « While the sun and tho rain live, these shall be ; Till a last wind's breath upon all these blowing Roll the sea. Till the slow sea rise and the sheer cliff crumble, Till terrace and meadow the deep gulfs drink, Till the strength of tha waves of the high tides humble The fieldB that lessen, the rocks that shrink, i Here now in hiB triumph where all things falter, Stretched out on the spoils that his own hand spread, As a god self-slain on his own strange altar, Death lies dead. A. C. Swinburne. 