VISIT OF THE LORD BISHOP OP GOULBURN. • 4 — — ' PUBLIC MEET I KG. \ meeting of the congregation of St. Matthew's (L?rch was hold on Friday evening, in the church; the Bight Reverend the Lord Bishop of Goulburn in the chair. The proceedings having been opened by prayer, Thfe Chairman explained that the meeting had been called in order that the congregation jaight ii&ve; an opportunity of hearing a statement of the accounts in connection with the building of the new church, and certain suggestions that would be offered for the reduction of the debt still remaining. The VlCA.li said that many of his hearers would probably remember that a statment of the accounts in question had on a previous occasion been prepared, but they had not been audited, as there had been a difficultyin showing precisely bow some of the accounts had been disposed of; and even up to the present date the difficulty had not been altogether got rid of, so that the statement now to be submitted to the meeting was rather a statement of assets and liabilities— an account of all monies received and expended —than a formal balance-sheet. The speaker then read a statement showing that the total cost of the building, so far, including organ, &c;, f amounted in round numbers to £8400, of which £1537 10s. 5d. remained unpaid. This was exclusive of the debt still remaining on the organ. From this statement the meeting would observe that the debt had been gradually and steadily increasing; increasing, indeed, much more rapidly than he (the vicar) had had any idea of. To take one account alone for an example, he had not thought the sum due to Messrs. Mate and Co. had been more than three or four hundred pounds, while it was over £600. The overdraft at the Bank of New South Wales was £640, for which the bank was secured by the promissory notes of members of the committee. This sum, together with the amount due to Messrs. Mate and Co. and sundry smaller liabilities, brought their total indebtedness up to £1537 2s. 5d., and the question for the meeting to consider was how that amount was to be reduced. Mr. Skinser moved— <; That this meeting, admitting the expediency of liquidating the debt upon the new church, pledge itself to use every exertion to raise funds for the purpose." In speaking to the resolution, he remarked that he did not think it necessary to say much on the subject It was quite clear that some means must be devised to discharge the debt. Active measures for the purpose were sot only desirable, but absolutely necessary. Mr. James Hayes seconded- the motion. He quite agreed with what the last speaker had said, but he did not think that Mr. .Skinner had gone quite far enough. Hp would suggest that members' of the congregation should undertake to give so much a year towards the reduction of the debt. He would be happy to contribute £10 a year for a period of five years. The motion was carried. Mr. Bsadlst said that the suggestion thrown out by Mr. Hayes was one which lie (the speaker) had intended to make, and in view of that purpose he had come prepared with a list to enrol the names of those who were disposed to approve of the plan. He would propose that each should put down his name for some specified amount, payment not to be made at once, but to be spread over a given number of years. Most of the members of the congregation had already contributed as much as they could well afford in a lump sum, and it was unreasonable, therefore, to ask them for large contributions now. The >lau he proposed would make the payments come fighter, and its adoption would, he believed, have the effect of securing a much larger amount than could otherwise be raised. He would move— " That subscription lists be at once opened in aid of the reduction of the debt upon the church." Mr, Wood seconded the motion, which was carried. The Chaibuak then addressed the meeting, and commenced his remarks by expressing his admiration of the new church, both as regarded its beauty of design and the excellence of the workmanship with which the ideas of the architect had been carried out. It was, he said, highly gratifying to him, after his brief absence, to find this beautiful church erected. During his recent journey he had met lumbers of persons who had visited Albury, and all had spoken in terms of surprise and admiration with regard to the building, which reflected the greatest credit on the congregation and their minister, the Rev. Mr. Acocks, who, it was to be feared, had labored beyond his strength in the work. He (the speaker) prayed that God would reward the viear for his exertions in His service. Referring to the subject of his visit to England, the Bishop said that while at home he had not been unmindful of the wants of the congregation. He had made application on their behalf for assistance from the funds of an English Society, and he had been promised a grant dt £100 on certain conditions. As soon as those conditions were fulfilled, he should be prepared to pay over the amount named, In the course of some interesting details wtfftjegard to the progress of church matters in wm Britain, the Bishop took occasion to comment hi ve^y favorable terms upon the extreme liberality displayed in all quarters in respect to the building of new churches and the restovatiou m old ones. Enormous sums ,of money , had been and were being expended in that way. oeveral .cathedrals had been restored or were in course pi restoration. Worcester Cathedral; for instance, had been externally restored entirely at th;j expense of the Bean and Chapter, the rest of tue work having been undertaken by gentlemen chuiches, some of which were unsurpassed for beauty even by the most magnificent buildings of ancient times; and it was most cheering, after an absence of ten years, to see what progress had been made in this direction. But the progress, was not confined to externals; there was" also & spiritual improvement perceptible. The churches were crowded i the cathedrals filled with people. It was not as of old, when the cathedral appeared to be looked upon as merely a place of interest for antiquarians, a place upon entering which you were expected topay a shil- Ung for the privilege of so doing. The Church " ad revived. He had also been pleasantly surprised to find that the interest in missionary work had not decreased.. It might have been thought that with eo much money expended for church purposes at home there would be little left to send abroad, but the funds raised for missions were larger than ever. The increased desire to spread the Gospel among the heathen had not been accompanied by any lessened zeal with regard to local objects ; there would seem, indeed, to have been a kind of reflex action, those persons who were the most ready to contribute towards the one good object being also the first to assist in furthering the other. He trusted the same feeling would ere long be manifested in Australia, although just at present the burden of local demands was too heavy to permit of much being done for remote places. The congregation of St. Matthew's had laid out a good deal of money on their church, but they would never regret it, and he hoped that the building would Boon be completed, when it would be second to none in the colony. His Lordship next touched upon the progress not'ceable in Church matters in the Goulburn diocese generally. He commenced his tour at Moama, and proceeded thence to Wentwortli. Not many years ago he had visited Wentworth and it then boasted neither church nor minister. He had on that occasion canvassed the town, and before very long he was asked to send a clergyman down. Since then the minister at Wentworth had commenced to build a church, a building which though not so large would vie in point of beauty with that at Albury. An excellent parsonage had also been erected, so that all necessary Church machinery had beeu provided even at the extreme west of the Diocese. Progress had also been made at Euston and Balranald. At Deniliquin £2500 had been laid out in a new church which was partly built; and a church and parsonage had been erected at Hay. All this had been effected since the diocese had been proclaimed. Ia Goulburn, the Cathedral, he understood, was making rapid progress and looked well. As the principal church in the diocese it would be larger and cost a little more money than even the Albury church. Not so very much more, however. For all these substantial evidences of prosperity they had great cause to bless God. Twelve years ago there had hardly been a church or parsonage between Goulburn and Albury. There was still, however, much work to do, and they must ask God to raise up men to help them. He rejoiced at the building he saw, and was sure that those who had raised that beautiful structure rejoiced also in the result of their labors; the acoustic properties of the building were excellent, and that was not only a difficult point to secure, but it was also one of the most important. For what, after all, were churches for 1 They were not merely built for the purposes of prayer, as, if bo, the congregation could follow the clergyman from their books ; but they were intended for the preaching of the Gospel, and it was necessary therefore that the people should be able to hear with pleasure to the end that they might hear with profit. In this reepect the new edifice was all that could be desired ; its acoustic properties being better than those of any church he bad ever seen. With re gard to the resolutions which had been submitted to the meeting, he would say that the congregation lay under an obligation to discharge the debt upon the church. No one liked to worship iu a building which had not been paid for. The plan su« gested, he thought, was a good one, and if all joined heartily in carrying it out the debt would soon be reduced, and he should be in a position to hand over the £100 to which he had already referred. He had some experience in church building, and he thought that the congregation of St. Matthew's had secured good value for their outlay. The church was well worth what it had cost. He wished that the Church Society was in a position to contribute more liberally to the building, butthedemandson its funds were pressing and numerous. To enable the society to give more, it would have to receive more. It had now an income of about £-2000 a year, but out of that it had to allow £50 per annum each to several churches, besides occasional grants to others Pains were taken to fiud out tne wauts of each particular locality, aud to assist to the extent of the funds available. After some further remarks to the same purpose, the Bishop concluded by thanking the congregation for their attendance, aud expressing the hope that the subscription lists about to be opened would soon be filled up. A subscription liBt was then opened with the following result:—Mr. James Hayes promised £10 per annum for Ave years ; Messrs. Hookins, J. W. Jones, G. Adams, and Andrews, a like amount for the same period; Messrs. Bradley, "'"ood, Emerson, E. Thompson ? and the Eev. A. s V. Acocks each undertook to give £5 per annum ipr five years, and the Rev. Mr. Evans also subscribed £5. Besides these subscriptions a number of other members of the congregation Undertook to give smaller amounts ; the total ijeaching a very handsome sum, I The Eev. A. D. Acocks said that the result of the meeting was much more satisfactory than he had anticipated, considering the smallness of the attendance ; and he could only say that if those Vrho were not present contributed half as liberally f^s those who were, the congregation might well ongratiilate themselves on the result. The Benediction was then pronounced and the neeting was brought to a close. Special Services Were held at St. Matthew's on Sunday, morning and evening; the sermon on both occasions being reached by the Bishop of Goulburn. The text or tho morning's discourse was taken from St. Paul's Epistle to tho Galatians, 1st cb., 4th v. " Who gave himself for our sins th&t; he might deliver ua from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father," In commencing Ws sermon the preacher said he was thankful that his first utterances should be concerning the Cross of Christ our Lord and Master. In these days, in searching out and examining truths, the chief aim ought to be to ascertain, not what man said, but what God said, to find out not what man suggested but what God required. It was important that they should remember for what purpose they met together; it was not merely for prayer, but abo to hear God's word expounded. They had much cause to rejoice in that they had succeeded in rearing the structure in which they were then assembled ; he prayed that God might bless their work whenever His servants ministered in the edifice ; and on a future occasion when the building came to be consecrated he might have more to say with regafcd to the erection of churches iu other localities. Returning to the text, it would be observed that the power of the Cross was specially referred to, and that the glories of the Cross formed one of the apostle's last thoughts—" Who gave himself for our sins that he might deliver us from this present evil world." Christ by his death brought a new power into the world, a power by which man was rescued from sin Why did the apostle introduce this so soon ? It was to remind the erring churches of the truths from which they had departed. He had heard that the people of Galatia had departed from the truth, that the churches had been corrupted, that his Master's teaching had been disregarded, and the apostle was writing under deep emotion. The Christian writer fixed his eye steadfastly upon one truth which had been denied. That truth was contained in the text " Who gave himself for our sins," and the reason and virtue of the gift appeared in the words " That he might deliver us from this present evil world," Now this sacrifice was voluntary. Erring teachers of the present day said that it implied a difference between the Father and the Son, but the fallacy of the assumption was at once evident when it was remembered that redemption had its origin in the will of God. God was just, but he was mercitul as well as just. The righteous and merciful God willed the sacrifice of his Son. So far from its being true that the Son interposed, the sacrifice had its origin in the will of the Father. Modern latitudinarians said that this was against our sense of justice! What was man's sense of justice ? What right had we to dictate to the Almighty, aud assume that we were right! The sacrifice then was voluntary. God gave himself. Christ laid down his life. " No man takes it, I Jay it down." It was evident that the will of the Father and the will of the Son were identical. Both had acted in freedom of will and harmony of will. Then the sacrifice, again, was a vicarious act. He gave himself for our sins. Our sins made it necessary that the Son of God should become the son of man, and Christ bore the burden of our iniquities, and was bruised for our He " voluntarily laid down his life " in order to expiate the sins of man, and he bore the burden as their substitute as well as their representative. In the course of some further remarks upon the character of the Atonement, the preacher said he had heard some strange doctrines put forward lately on the subject. He would ask his hearers to come as little children and hear what God said. The word6 of the text were sufficiently plain, aud if the Apostle did not intend to convey the idea that the sacrifice was vicarious, then words had no meaning. Some had asked why God could not have forgiven man's sins without the sacrifice, and they said " What was the necessity for the death of "Christ I" But it was not for inau to enquire the power of the Almighty in this respect. They had nothing to do with what He could or might have done; they only asked what God had done, and Iroin the evidence before them they must conclude that he forgave sin only through the sacrifice of Christ. The Atonement had its origin in the Diviue will, it began with Him ; it knew no source but God's love, and it was a manifestation of that love. With regard to the design of Christ it was evident that the end, object, and effect of our Lord's sacrifice was to deliver man from the captivity of sin. In all tilings outside the spiritual kingdom of Christ, the world was evil. It was contended that there was much good in man, but outside of Christ the evil predominated. It had been so when St. Paul wrote to the Galatians, and it was so now. The oint of the text was our deliverance from evil, Jn all religions save that of Christ, love was unknown. Wherever God was not known he was dreaded. What was wanted then was something which would make him known as a God of love. The blood of Christ was the ransom by which they had been freed from sin, a sufficient answer to the Unitarian doctrine that the Atonement was not the consequence of God's love to man. Deliverance from evil meant deliverance from a lpve of this world, and to know God and to love him was necessary to such deliverance. They might conclude then that the Cross of Christ involved the will of a loving Father; that God wished that none should die but that all should be saved. He offered paidon to all, a witness of his righteousness and a pledge of his mercy. That was the message of Paul to the Galatians. The Cross meant sins put away by the sacrifice of Christ. Let them but believe that Master, aud they were justified before God ; justice and mercy pronounced their acquittal. The Cross revealed also the love of Christ. No man had seen God at any' time, and messages from an unseen God might have failed to reach the hearts of His servants ; but in Christ God revealed Himself to man. Whiie we were yet sinners God died for us. The power of Divine love surrendered itself even to the death of the Cross. It taught th«' Gentiles there was One who loved them, and' many believed the message. He would entreat them also to believe and trust in Jesus Christ ;tp , trust to the efficacy of His blood. There was no motive power like the love of Christ. Those now oped thfcre were some amopg his hearers who knew what the love of God was ; who knew by experience the blessings of that love which delivered them from the slavery of sin. The world was yet powerful he would urge this point especially on those who were about to be confirmed—and the love of God was never more necessary, especially in view of the efforts of those who sought to rob the Sacrifice of its virtue, and to cast doubt upon the efficacy of the Atonement. The following is an outline of the evening's sermon Taking for his text the 8th Romans, v. 26—"Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities, for we know not what we should pray for as we ought; but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groamngs which cannot be uttered," the preacher said that Jesus Christ, by his redemption, had rescued man from sin, and likewise purchased for him the blessings of the Holy Spirit. Now, by prayer and. bv the blessing of the Holy Spirit, man was enabled to' rise to life immortal. The duty of prayer was most important, and in connection with that point the declaration in the text deserved careful consideration. The first thing to be considered was the nature and essence of prayer. What was prayer ? It was not merely the expression from the lips, the offering up of man's desires for particular benefits and assistance; it included invocation, adoration, and an imploring of God's It implied a dedication of ourselves to it ascribed to Him majesty, glory, dominion and power. To pray was a duty—an obligation. Were not all sinners I Then au needed;, prayer. The necessities of man required God's aid, without which all must perish. But further, man had been commanded to pray ; was it not said " Pray without ceasing," " Pray always," " Pray and ternt not," &c.;, &c.;—all directions which made it evident that prayer was the bounden duty of the Christiau. This duty in respect to public prayer was generally acknowledged, but that family worship was equally obligatory might be shown from numberless Scripture texts. Private prayer was, however, the most trying test. The Scriptures said, " When thou prayest enter into thy closet, and when thou nast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly." According to that text private prayer was required from all Christians, as well as attendance at public worship; and no head of a family fulfilled his duty to his God or to his tamily without leading prayer in his own household. To argue that point, therefore, further, would be a mere waste of time. The text employed a word—" infirmities"—which was very euiphaticaL It meant "sicknesses." The corruption of man through sin had weakened his power, and even after receiving the grace of God the effects of this weakening were Btill apparent The moral constitution ot man was unsound. He was subject to dangers in his spiritual life. This was most evident in regard to prayer, and the reason was obvious. Prayer tried "man ; it was an exercise in which he was interrupted by his infirmities, if he were not drawn upwards by a divine impulse. Many had no doubt expe enced a difficulty in following the words of the Liturgy, their thoughts wandering ; so also at family prayer it was not always easy to keep the attention fixed as it should be. In other portions of the service for public worship the same thing was noticeable. Thus they might sing loudly enough, but how often was the song of praise no more than lip service, how seldom was the heart really lifted up to God Iu asking for blessings, how seldom did the feeling correspond with the words! What Christian was not conscious of occasional languor in his devotions. What cause he had to bewail this disease which kept him down in all his efforts to rise up. But this inability to concentrate the thoughts when appealing to God, whether at public worship or in private prayer, was not the only result of man's infirmities. Men did not know what to pray for, nor did they know how to pray. So ignorant were they of what they really needed that they knew not what to ask God for. The reason of that was that by nature man was blind to real religion ; he knew not what blessing to seek; he often forgot that his eternal welfare should be his chief concern. Did not everything tend to show that on temporal matters all was vanity, and yet inau, was ever praying for temporal benefits. Spiritual life was altogether strange to him, aud so long as this ignorance remained the weakueBS and infirmities alluded to in the text wou|d also abide with him. Man knew that he ought to jpj'ay for victory over ein and temptation, but such was His 1 original depravity that he acted as though he were unaware of the power of hia adversaries. He forgot his duties; and his. petitions to God were few. It was here that the Holy" Spirit came to his aid, giving that belp which' mania weakness required. By himself lie would inevitably fail; with the help of God's spirit man. was enabled to persevere in true and heartfelt—if xm- 'erfect—prayet. The' Holy Ghost helped man S y making intercession for Mm; Uj eo influencing ttis mind as to lead him. to frequent and earnest, grayer; by 'teaching him What to pk^ f&. J When he would draw nigh to God, the, Holy. Spirit helped him in his irifirniitieS, and <js) Christ was man's Divinity in Heaven, ho the Holy Ghost was his friend and comfoSfiRignT earth. When the Holy Spirit intercededforihira,* ijiaii prayed, and by the intercession of the-Spirit all obstacles in his path were ' removed. ' ' B^ ith^ Holy Spirit we were taught to pi-ay $ by 'SjesuM Christ our prayers were accepted. God had sent forth the Spirit of his Son, whereby we cry Abba, Father. The groanings alluded to in the text signified the work of the Spirit in the heart, when it became filled with an ardent desire tor the blessing of God's grace, and the whole 6onl was lifted up to ChriBt. This experience could hardly be expressed iu words, but it was one of the signs that God now filled the heart that before was devoted to the world alone. When the Christian was thus helped by the Holy Spirit, lie knew wliat to pray for, and his prayers sometimes took the form of Jacob's—" I will not Jet tbeo go unless thou bless me." These experiences were unknown to the irreligious world, and a description of them would be but an enigma to the unconverted. Bui., the preacher continued, he hoped that there were nuiny among his hearers who kuew of their own experience the truth of what he said, and hod felt the inestimable value of the Holy Spirit's aid. He taught the Christian the right" subject for prayer, and gave him strength to pray. The humble Christian who, believing God's promises, had dedicated him self to His service, was kept up in his purpose by the Holy Ghost until at length he caine to that full redemption which had been the subject of his hopes. The Bishop closed both sermons with a forcible appeal to the congregation to contribute liberally to the collections about to be made on behalf of he Diocesan Church Society. — — — — — — w 