Teleg-rapliio. ARRIVAL OF THE ENCUsn «. mTOHR^SJ^SAU. Townsville. [raOH OUR OWN CORRESPONDED] The R.M.S. Simm?? ,^'^rna^ 2«. The R.M.S. Singapore anchored in'owi'' Bay at half-past eleven a.m. to-day, andrej! , Her course at one p.mV " ' Passenger List?Saloon : For Townsville f Singapore : Mr., Mrs., and Miss Parsons' T BriBbane: Mr. and Mrs. Holberton and «' Campbell. From Somerset: Hr. D. C St For Keppel Bay, from Somerset; Mr. Jard'"' For Sydney, from Singapore: M,.,' ix)'?' Messrs. Leather (2), Master Laidley. " p* *' Somerset: Mr. Hargreaves, CaptaiaValtoT Steerage?For Keppel Bay, from Somerset ? J], H. Brown. For Brisbane, from Somerset'-' Messrs, AVilson aud Ronniler. For Svd from Singapore : Messrs. Boreham, M'Lennan' Mackenzie. From Somerset: Messrs. Bro / bent, M'Murray, Petford, Summers, Moy, Hom Hockoday, nnd Knight. ' Tho appointment of Lord Lytton to the Vice. Royalty of India and the resignation of Lord Northbrook aro announced, the former meets? ¦with the general approval of tho Press aud puUjc Tho rumors in circulation of a serious disagree^ mont between Sir Stephen Cave, the British Commissioner to Egypt, and the Khedive fc authoritatively contradicted. Tho report caused a panic on the Stock Exchange, and Egyptian bonds fell seven to eight per cent. At Constantinople much alarm was created by an alleged Mahommedan conspiracy to mur. der all tho Christians in tho city. ' The St. Petersburg Qolosa says that t. Montenegrin loan is an accomplished fact and also that Prince Nikita has ordered ten thousand rifles, and sixty cannon from America, delivery to be given in March. In consequence of the threatening attitude of Turkey, Montenegrin guards, three thousand strong, and armed with breech-loaders andi* volvers, have been sent to the frontier. The French Assembly will be dissolved ira. mediately, in consequence of the appeal which has been made to the constituencies. Tho AVarsprite, another, training ship on thc Thames, has been burnt. No lives were lost A suspicion obtains that tho conflagration to not the result of accident. Tho Bank rato of discount has been increased from 1 to 5 por cent. Consols : For money, 93J ; ditto, for account, February, 93} to 93 -l-Stha. Tho stocks of toa at Macao nre very light. Al Amoy tho season has entirely closed. The list of the stock was so'.d at from Sit 50 cents, to §24. Generally the season has closed. For silk, tho demand at Shanghai has ban active, Opium is unsteady, prices ranging betwwi SflOO and SflOCi for Patna j other description' are quoted at lower rates. Pepper?Black, SS 75 cents ; prime white, SI 6 75 cents. Sandalwood?Old Island, SI3 to SH foi prime. Beeho-do-mer?$15 to §18 for prime. The rico market is depressed, aud quotation1 aro from SI 65 cents, to §1 05 cents. Coals?Australian soft §9, hard S~ ; Bulli, & ADDITIONAL EASTERN* NEWS. [fiiom oun owx coitiiEsroxDi:.vT.] SiNGAFonii, February li Tho E. nnd A. Co.'s steamship Singapore ar- rived here Inst night, and starts with the English mails for Queensland this nfteruoon. Tho wnr is over in Simghi Ujoug (near Pent) nnd matters aro quiet in Pcrnk, but nothing i< settled. Tho steamer M. S. von Racheusen has been wrecked in tho niuo Straits, with a loss of five lives. The captain's certificate has been sus- pended for six months, and tho chief officer repri- manded. Tho barquo Seaton has been totally wracked on C'areuo Island, near Mintoh, but the crew were saved. Nothing is stirring hero, freights are very low, and trade dull i for past two weeks being thc Chinese now year-. The E. and A. Co.'s steamship Bowen gos direct from Hongkong to Cooktown. Warwick. [FROM 0U1! OWN COIIliESrONDOT.l February 20. The AVariviclc Handicap closed with twenty. four nominations, nnd tho Turf Club Handicap with tiveuty-fivo. Tho Sydney nominations ar; not yet to hand. ^ Sydney. [australian associated fress.1 Februaiy 2'J. Frank Stephen, clerk of tho Maitland District Court, shot himself at tho butts yesterday with a rifle. Milne, a settler residing near Mudgee, was tot in tho bush on AA'eduesday last. His body «s* found yesterday. Arrived : Tho Balclutha and Alexandra. INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. There was a very large attendance on the Albert Ground again to-day. Tho numbers ari variously estimated at thirteen to fifteen thousand, and have probably never been eguslM at any previous match here. His Excellency the Governor and party wcro again present. The weather has been very hot all day, awl it is now raining. The following is an account of the sw mndo :? New South AVales. second innings. Thompson, run out . ^* . D. Gregory, c. Elliott,- b. Cosstick 7 j Bannerman, c. Allan, b, Cosstick... J> Powell, c. Allan, b. Alleo. " E. Gregory, c. andb. Midwinter... « Evans, b. Allan ... .*J Humphries, not out . '¦? Murdocb,-not out.; ??? Jr Sundries ... . Six wickets for ... ??? -l: Melbourne. [australian associated press.] February 2*. Colonel Gordon, engineer, has condemned-I' North-AA'estern Canal scheme, as did Co.e=e Sankoy. _ n There nre moderate entries for the a ?'? ? meeting of tho Victoria"Racing Club. It is reported that j; G: Hogg, sheep t-v&\ has failed for £35,000, assets £30,000 ; ?"'?;'*, AVilliams, in the neighborhood of AA'arra.'--0-" " has failed, liabilities £10,000. ^ Marian Knight, a young married wom«> j: been sentenced to three months' impri^nEr. for brutal treatment of a step-child. ^ A heavy thunderstorm occurred la=- °j- '^ with very vivid lightning nnd unususJJ peals of thunder. New Zealand. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] [BY SUBMARINE CABLE] WELLINGTON, February 26. Severe shocks of earthquake, were experienced to-day at Omaru, where chimneys were de- stroyed and buildings shaken. Buildings at Port Chalmers were also shaken. . oW!deirtoTrTtbe7alorious nature occurred f In o'clock on Saturday evening, at the ^uot Que* and Albert streets. A two r: ly, ^h a loud of heavy logs, was being b down the former street, when, just d" tithe oyster shop, one of the logs ^ forivard on the back of the shatter, 6l'«', ,,.:?? frightened, commenced kicking ^eSonce. The two men in charge of W . !;«-ere riding, on the load, one of whom ^ Z y "uiped off and fell, one of the TeC'hi ove'rhisarm. The other, who ftHhe slightest power over the horses, bl tinl nhisliosition until the horses, still fCVrf itoU furionsly.gotonto thefoot Sri of the Australian^ Hotel, where rieck of the wheels coming in contact with Z kerbstone brought both to the ground, with ?te 4afti resting heavily on ono of them. After Tttae the horses were extricated without ap Lent injury, but it was found that the right arm Shaman who first came to the ground 1 dreadfully crushed and broken; Ins left ' wa3 aUo broken, and he was there- fore at once conveyed to tho hospital in a ,(, The team was one of Mr. Jnckson's, and L'u»">e oi the iujured m"U J°UU M'LauSbUn' We regret to learn that tho unfortunate mnn ta n wife and eight children, who are thus de rived of the means of support for probably a erv long time to come. 'J'' ox Saturday evening tho Rev. Dr. Autliff de- livered another of his popular lectures, in the Leichliardt-street Church, by which he fully maintained his reputation as a profound thinker mid eloquent exponent of his opinions. For up- wards of two hours the audience listened with tho deepest attention to the doctor's description of tko evils of the drinking customs and to tho claims of the temperance reformation on tho sympathy nnd practico of all lovers of social, moral, and religious progress. At the conclu- sion of tho lecture the Rev. J. Buckle, who occu- pied tho chair, remarked that it had been his privilege to listen, when travelling in England and also when in Scotland, to the most popular advocates of total abstinence, but that on no occasion had he heard a lecture so.Jreplcto with convincing arguments or moro eloquently de- livered. Mr. R. Bulcock, president of the Brisbane Temperance Society, proposed a vote of thanks to Dr. Autliff, which was Eeconded by Mr. Fountain, and supported,by 3Ir. J. 1'. Smith. It is au interesting fnct that each of the above-named gentlemen has been an abstainer from all alcoholic hevorages for moro than forty years. AVe understand that the three services conducted yesterday by Dr. Autliff, in the AVest End Church and in tho School of Arts, wero most numerously attended, and at that in the evening, many oven could not obtain seats. It-will not, therefore, surprise our readers to learn that the financial results wero tho most liberal of any Sabbath services previously held in thia city by tho Primitivo Methodist denomi- nation. Tue Argus' Loudon correspondent writes :? The Crown agents for the colonies, acting on behalf of tho Cape Government, invite applica- tions for debentures representing £100,000, being the first instalment of alonn of £4,000,000 authorised by the Capo Parliament for tho con- struction and equipment of various railways. IHiese debentures will bo issued for sums of £500, £200, nnd £100, bearing interest from 1st January, at the rate of 4J per cent, per annum. They will be allotted to tho highest bidders above minimum, 'which will bo placed on tho table sealed before the tenders are opened. The following is tho text of Sir James M'Culloch's budget resolutions for increase of taition, all of which hnvo been camed, but way possibly be altered somewhat in commit- tee:?(1.) "That for aud in respect of lands ami tenements iu cities, towns, and boroughs, for every 20s. of tho annual vnlue.thereof above thc annual value of £80, there bo charged the sum of ]s.; aud for mid in respoct of lauds and tenements unt being within any city, town, or borough, for every 20s. of the annual value thereof above the annunl value of £S0 and belosv tho annual value of £200, the sum of ls.; and for every 20s. above tho annual value of ?E200, tho sum of ls. Cd." (2.) "For and m respect of all notes payable on demand issued by any bank of issue within the colony of Victoria betweon;the let-day of July and the 30tli day of Juno, there shall be charged jfce Euw of £2 per centum upon the amount of web, notes." (3.) " For mid in j-esuect of tho annual profits 0r gains nrisiug .or Accruing to any person from and after tho 1st .day of Jami arv, 1S76, from any kind of property whatever m \ ictotia, not otherwiso taxed herein, or from TjfVi(lemIS' interesfc of money, annuities, allowances, or stipends, or froui any profession, Me, or vocation respectively, derived or exer- cised from or jn VictUri<i, for every 20s. of the annual value or amount thereof above the sum «' &>00 of income.derived from all-sources, tho ?Mi of Od." bil'l? i?-y, PQlioe Court> ou Saturday last, inrf't, 1{am}}ab EBg, Police Magistrate, ono inebriate was .drschni-ged. d«l !r\to?n late'y haa ?boen visited by ,a horso d. ti I U!yer from tuo B»rc°° district. He io'rtW , " the best horses in the district ?voomL f° I0*." tn^ket,.antl ho preferred Too to «hM i busl?CS8 purposes to the metropolis, theS h.ebad transferred, his account with «teial? ^ew SoutU W,,les- Th!a was simply «ioX,7* mcooveH">nco, inasmuch as ho.gave the crt in * }e- t^nsfer o£ £50° o£ h!* ft""*" to the in , , , 9 r°owoomba business, and in W ,' he /"¦'^ded to give cheques, end ^i money from those with whom he hr.p basho- u , ac<m<»ntauce in the course 'of eve--!L I b°UsUt horEOS ?Uer°. *"<"?», and mi'lZt'.. "u&Ktu;"»t<:ly he disappeared arriK-S;, ? ^e he staied advices would »ad tVi,,;. ? "'Wking.aceount at Roma, fe fundl t r,'"?1 traD8fer o£ ihe whole of fe «i?,V+i , 8ba,ner He Promised to meet ^ >in?o , . - nk ic2uthveu,street several ^:(^SStSeS^ l-rize U ?.-,«" arrangemente. The .champion ¦* "WeoTfc- V." i er.,'sed ; aniJ a silver cup will thr« Brisba^. ' Sc?bet1'l believe, by tao or ^ ?* carrSi J**?}1?*?. T«ra« nnd ploughs ***££%*? by,the "^"V authorities, "^Wfcforrt^ at,hal£ t"e nfiuil fares, and viii^. T £f°r four <%s. will be issued to ^ and dS match between eleven of »'£7o,,;y ;Udia **"> aanK! paddock. *4oaZtd r^) were shown a day or !°»«hoDi2^TfOVCIB,Sn. whichttostendered V^onlirevt:ohrer^the head of george h} Kieltiv \T° t^Uon and cr°wn- Xt t^and atfi^r? el«<:tro.p]ated with pure b S^W^J^ re^ay -eB0USU .?, "^a mistal-on f?? ?hw tw+uy ouougu :?d.,°Uiers Tli ,tffDf f" a sovereign. Storekeepers k** by thriTugbt^eiBh" b° rea<JUy eD°Ugh Tue G. P. 0. happens, at the preseut time, to be uuder our special protection and patronage. This accounts for its efficiency. Our over-green young friend, George the Knowing, is, no doubt, the presiding divinity;.. but, George, there is another divinity which shapes your notions, rough-hew them how you will. Modesty forbids us to say who that diviuity is?you know whom wo mean. Recall to your recollection that broken column iu front of the G. P. 0. You were re- minded, dear George, that it had been there long enough. Your conscience responded to the np penl. Tho poor little jagged, pitiable-looking column disappeared, and a beautiful new iron post mnde its appearance, as if by magic. How good of your potency I Now, there is another little reform, which, like a kind magician, you will cause to be effected by a waive of your wand. There is nothing like bit by bit reform, as our old whig grandmothers used to tell us. Therefore, do you 6ee those letters there, painted over one of your windows? thus, A to L ? Let us watch what is going on in front of that window. It is not a very large one, is it? But it is ono of the windows nt which letters are delivered, and it is also beneath that window, at n tiny little aperture that all letters for ''Town Delivery" have to bo posted. Now, George, let us see how this works. There, you see two young women have gono up to that window to ask for lettera, letters from far away. Round those lotters circle a melo-drama, if I only dare tell it you. Here, however, is another melo-drama in real life?au old woman with a dripping cotton umbrella. AVhy should not she have her romance as well ? She also take3 up her station at tho window, umbrella still up, nnd dripping generously over" all three of them. To these approaches a gentleman, also dripping, and slightly agitated ns if in a hurry?a stranger, ovideutly, with letters in hand. " AA'here do you post letters for town delivery ?" ho remarks to the telegraph boy who is comiug np the front steps. "There," says the boy, aud points to tho A to L window, AA'atch that agitated being. He approaches tho wiudow. He is confronted by the backs of the old woman nnd the two young women, at least by as much of thom ns ho can soe behind tho dripping brown cotton umbrella. " AA'here do I post for town delivery ?" he shouts over the heads of those females to tho clerk at tho window. " Here," Bays the clerk. To which the agitated stranger replies, frantically, " indeed," and casts a piteous look nt the umbrella. " May I trouble you, madam, to allow mo to post my letters ?" But madam was not to be moved. She stood her ground until she got her letters. This is too bad. That window is sometimes quite blocked, mid yet it is tho place to post letters for town delivery. This is not like your accustomed efficiency, George. Let it be altered.?" Speciali- ties" in Thc Queenslander. Five hundred hoad of storo cattle, the pro- perty of the Hon. Geo. Thorn, passed on Thurs- day, cn route from the Paroo River to Eskdale. At the time these cattle left the station, tho Paroo was suQeriug severely from tho effects of long continued drought, and well sinkiug was being carried on at nu enormous expense, and under considerable difficulties. At nno station mentioned by our informant, it was lound to bo impossible to supply the well- sinkers with suffi- cient water for their everyday requirements ; tho run consequently had to be abandoned, pending a rainfall.?Dalby Herald. Refeubixg to the appointment of a successor to Mr. Daintree {The D. D. Gazette says), it nppears probable that tho question will be allowed to stand over until tho return of the Premier; but, looking carefully through the Assembly and Council, wo really observo nobody that could be spared except Mr. Douglas, lu speaking of men whom wc are in a position to recommend to tho ofiico of Agent-General, we refer only to thoso who from ability and educa- tion are competent to fill the ofiico with credit to the colony. Of mild ordinary men and half- hearted liberal orators we have specimens in abundance iu tho Houses of Parliament; but, as our readers are aware, it is necessary to tho maintenance of our position in Europe that the representative of Queensland in London should be a gentleman qualified to move in tho highest society, and therefore wo select Mr. Douglas as the mau best suited uuder existing circumstances to represent tho colony in England. The Execu- tive in its wisdom will probably differ with us, but we contend that the only compoteut person now to bo Epared from political duties is " Douglas tender nnd true." The Surat correspondent of the D. D. Gazette says,under date February 18:?Long-con tiuued drought has well nigh perished the dis- trict, aud stock owners have been put to their wits' ends to find feed to keep lifo in their horses, cattle, mid sheep. Mnny stations hnvo moved their sheep, somo travelling, others rent- ing or securing a bit of grass at any price. A gentle rain set in yesterday?I may say the first for seven months. There is not much appear- ance at present of its continuance. An accident, causing considerable loss, has occurred to one of our squatters. Mr. O'shanassy, of Werribone Station, had his. woolshed burned on the 10th instant. It contained six hales of wool at the time. The Aro is supposed to havo been caused by spontaneous combustion. Op local news there has been nothing (says The Capricornian of tho l°th instant) beyond tho unusual weather, tire floods, and the damage done or anticipated. That ten inches of rain should have fallen in twenty-four hours, and done little damage, is marvellous. Beyond the Moore's Creek dam and the slip of an embank- ment at railway, no harm appears to have been sustained. On the other hand tho rain has done an immensity of good, .and as we write there are gratifying indications of approaching fine weather. In this district we have come off re- markably well, and can afford to sympathise with our neighbors at Bowen, who have unhap- pily sustained very heavy losses. BuKEtni.xc to the lute raiu3 at Rockhampton, The Bulletin, of the lSthanstant, says :?The rain must have been very heavy on tho slopes of Berserker Range. Moore's Creek came down in a volume such ns we are assured was never wit- nessed before. Mr. Pene lins resided seventeen years close by tho moutli of that crook, and he declares-that the |flood of yesterday was unpre- cedented. AVe regret that tho Moore's Creek Dam, only recently completed, was carried away yesterday. The bye-wash was believed by ex- perts to he equal to any possible contingency. The Engineer for Roads, 'before constructing it, very carefully collected information with respect to previous flood levels, ile was informed by old residents on the north side that the oreek lind never irisen more th'nn two feet above its spring-tide level, except when swollen by beck water from the river. In constructing his bye wash, therefore, he allowed for the passage of three times as much water as was ever said to have como down. The dam was well nnd faithfully built, and under ordinary circumstances would hnve been a work of permanent utility. But nt an enrLy hour yesterday, it was discovered that previouo flood levels would be no guide to this one, and shortly before noon the water rose until it broke over the dam, and of course carried it away. At sundown a surging torrent ww still coming : down the creek, .aud_ nothing wac visible of the ' wreck of the dadr: but the bridge over the bye wash. The destruction of their aewly formed reservoir will be fi-serious loss to ihe people of .North Rockhampton, because it cs clear that ?nothing less than .a substantially ibuilt struc- ture of masonry wiU withstand such floods as that of yesterday. To erect such a dam would cost at least £4000, an amount the Government are not -likely to consider it expe- dient to ask the House rfco grant for the purpose. Possibly the best plan will bo to avseit the eorjetouettou of the bridge over the Fitzroy, aud then lay xi water main across it. By this means North Kackhainpton would be permanently supplied with water at a good pressure, and at a comparatively moderate expense. As to tJie time wheo the carrying out of this plan would be practieabls, we may state that Mr. AV. £. Robertson, who recently completed the Mary Bridge, has already prepared a plan for a larger structure across the Fitzroy, and that in all probability provision for the work will be made upon the next year's Estimates. We understand that Kr. Robertson ie confident of being able to keep the cost of the Fitzroy Bridge within the ¦um named, £40,000. Altogether, therefore, the carrying away of the dam will probably not cause more than temporary inconvenience on the North side. AATE (Stanthorpe Miner) regret to learn that pleuro-pnenmoniii is still prevalent among the cattle in tho Herding Ynrd district, and that during tho past week a number of deaths have occurred from its effects. Inoculation has been resorted to, wo believe, by Mr. Bumberry, who has lost several of his herd from this disease. Omi Toowoomba correspondent writes, under dato February 25 :?Since 1 last wrote we have been favored with tho finest of fine weather. Already are tho beneficial effects of the late rains apparent; there is a rapid growth in tho grass, mid tho corn crops aro mostly doing well ; ploughing operations aro in full swing for barley aud potato crops. There is an old saying, " Bettor late than ucYOr," which ts applicable to the method adopted by the Government in deal- ing with the destruction of the Bathurst burr, in this district. Our worthy Police Magistrate tolls mo tenders will be called to-morrow for the destruction of tho burr in various portions of tho district. "It ought to have been done a month since (prior to ita seeding)," audit would be well for the opponents of the bill introduced limt scssiou of Parliament by our member, for the destruction of the Bathurst burr and Scotch thistle plants, to tako a ride out in tho High- fields direction, aud they would find tho thistle growing for acres upon acres, in such luxuriance in certain spots, both there and iu the Meringan- dan direction, as would gladden tho heart of the most enthusiastic admirer of Scotland's national emblem to behold. It is to be hoped our old friend and crony, Jacob Low, Esq., M.L.A., on his return trip from the Balonne will go and visit tho locality, aud ho would probably then be as staunch an advocate for tho bill referred to as ho wn» previously its opponent. The laying of tho memorial stone of St. John's Church, in Dalby, took place on Wednes- day last (says the Herald). It had been hoped that the Bishop would lay the stone, especially as this was (we believe) the first ceremony of tho kind since His Lordship's arrival, but. in answer to a request by tho Rev. Mr. Mahahn, the Bishop replied that he could not be in Dalby before the end of March, when ho will be passing, through on his way to Roma; and as this delay would greatly inconvenience- nnd retard the progress of tho building, the ATeu. Archdeacon Glennie was npplied to, nnd he consented. The Archdeacon arrived hy the train, and shortly afterwards pro- ceeded from the School of Arts, with tho Rev. R. Mahalm, both wearing their official vest- ments, aud accompanied by the churchwardens and several members of the congregation to tho appoiuted place. On arriving at the place, tho Aren. Archdeacon, facing the stone, gave a short address on tho object of their meeting there that day, aud read tho prayers appointed for such a ceremony. The Rev. lt, Mahalm then road the lesson, Chronicles, Book I., chap, xxix., after which the Archdeacon having spread tho mortar, tho stone was lowered into its place. Tho Arch- deacon then gave it threo tips with the niall. Previous to tho stouo being lowered, there was placed in a cavity under it, a herinotieally soalcd leaden box, containing the documents that lind formerly been doposited in it; and in addition, copies of Thc Brisbane Courier mid Bulby Herald; also, a parchment con- taining the following memoranda :?In the name of the Fathor, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen. By thu Grace of God, the Memorial Stone of this Church, dedicated to the worship of tho ever blessed Trinity, to bo called tho Church of St. John the Evangelist, was laid by the A'cnerable Archdeacon Glennie, on AVeduesday, the 23rd day of February, 1S7G, being the Thirty-ninth Year of tho reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty, Queen A'ictoria, and tho First Yenr of the Episcopate of tho Hight Rev. Mathew Blngden Hale, D.D., Lord Bishop of Brisbane ; William AA7elliugton Cairns, Esq., C.M.G., being Governor of the Colony ; Robert Mahalm, Incumbent; Charles Edward Chubb, Thomas C. Good, aud Alexander A. Gaskarth, Churchwardens j Willoughby Powell, architect; James Marks, builder." Tho stone having been laid, tho Archdeacon invited those present to contribute their offerings, nnd tho sum of £18 4s. \vas,"_in a few minutes placed on it. The Sydney EvcninhNcivt contains tho follow- ing notice of Trickett, olio sculler, who has just left for England :?"He is 2-1 years of ago, a native of tho Lane Covo River, and a quarryman by trade. His height is about Gft. 2iu. Ho is well aud compactly built, in spite of his tidiness, having a tremendous roach, his arms being mus- cular, though thin. His chest mid loins provo that ho possesses great strength and good stam- ina. An habitual sallowness gives him tho ap- pearance of being sickly, but his performances and general good health belie his looks in that respect He is far from being ill-favored, and though he has n resolute air, ho possesses a pleasant countenance. Trickett won renown ns au oarsman at a very early age, having carried off prines at 10 years of age. His lato perfor- mances have boon securing second place at the Grafton regatta of 187-1, and beating Laycock in the Parramatta River and nt the Anniversary Regatta. A\Then he mot Rush at Grafton there was a great inequality in their boats, and he offered to change skid's and allow the champion £100. At the time ho beat Laycock that oars- man had just worsted Hush at Grafton, and as Trickett subsequently won at the Anniversary Re- gatta ho may bo considered tho champion of New South AVales. He is a wonderfully fast puller, his best time being round tho two islands, a distance of four miles, in twenty minutes. AVe are informed that on reaching England Trickett will go into quiet training quarters, and chal- lenge nnd pull the champion only. That every- body in this colony, and in fact, Australia, will wish him success we arc sure." 