' Make railways into the interior,' is the cry raised by the Newcastle coal monopolists, who dread the passing of the amount on the Esti mates for a railway from Sydney to Illawarra. They try to frighten country members with the name ' Jllawarm,' as if it were a goblin or a ' Kiama ghost,' that would put a stop to all railway extensions into the interior. , But Illawarra is neither a goblin nor a - Kiama ghost,' , and we certainly have never been' ob structionists. We can -appeal to the, columns of tho Mercuiy, and to tho'votcs,-in. Parliament, of- oar representatives, to prove 'that we have ?always, been the fast friends of railway exten sion into the interior, and this,',too, without ever having previously insisted that they will ? pay. And the policy hitherto adopted by the ' people of Illawarra in that respect will be con tinued by .'them- and their representatives in ?Parliament, unless the' country members are seduced by interested persons to render unto us evil for good.' Surely this- ought to satisfy the country members 'that the people of 'Illawarra arc entitled to their .votes, and more especially 1 as it ja for' a line that will pay, and not cost the country one shilling, but, on tho contrary, yield a considerable nelfc revenue, nn'd unques tionably will not retard railway extension inlo ' ,.i,tbe interior. to' the extent of .one 'shilling in ( ? expenditure,1 or rod '.in' length, or. one day of ..delay? Our- motto is progiess, and '.we adhor 1 the selfish greed ; of monopolists, and schemers '''?who are striving to ' prevent ' the vast resources . of this colony being, developed, and would keep 'countless millions of'tons of excellent coal locked ,np, in 'order that they may 'enrich, themselves' , by monopoly and high l prices. -% The whole ' ? community must bleed, in order, that they' may . grow rich. The people, of Illawarra, and tho.so of Sj'dney also, are waiting with ' intense * anxiety to learn their fate, in the Legislative Assembly, with respect to the 'Sydney' and Illawarra railway estimate. .-]3ut, we have ,no ' hope tljat Mr. Diuns will see the'folly of per- | severing iii' pushing forward his own paltry [ interests, tp thp- incalculable injury of those of his own 'constituents and the public. Tlie mere fuet thai' flo many thousand, Sydney - electors have siguted petitions in favor of a mil way from the' metropolis to Ill'uwftmi should luiyo' great weight with -their, own, roprosontulives.iu* Pur; Jinment — that is, if they do not wish 4o be .'sent to Coventry (as some, of them are su.re to ? be) ut the next elections, if they oppose the !roatiinate for the. Metropolitan and llla.warrn ' Railway, '-'''. ? , \\. ' Thiitlllawarrahasbeeh entitled toruil why coin. muuicutiuu with the : metropolis,' und the metro, polis with llliiwurrn, very niuny years, ago, , its twrluiii. it'Svould, have. nddcil iminniifSRly (o the prosperity, -wealth, and pr gross - f tins City, the country, and the colony, l.a'.l such a lino of railway boon constructed long since The people of this district should many years ago have moved most energetically in tho matter, and ?wero only deterred from doing so by the high Vugged rnngos that were supposed to effectively separate Jllawarra from the metropolis in that rospecU But thanks to Messrs'. ' Max.mno, Stephem, arid Blaki:, they discovered si liom-ly ^level and direct Iin6,.by following a valley bc Ween Fort Hutking and Bnlli, so that the ranges and ravinesulhido.d to -ivc avoided. This line -has since been surveyed, under instructions^ 'froni the Parkcs Government, '(before Mr. Parkiih tonooived the idda of making Jorvis 'Bay an iipjftndagc of Mclbounio), -!ind when 'the fimount '6n'-tlio JSstiinates is passed, the -jMetropblitan arid HliuVwra K-ailway will soon 'be'tih-accompliiihud fact. It is most remarkab'fe that tliis ronle should have. TiSeVi suggesttfl by 'Captain Stoki;h, 'R.'S., more than SO yoara-'ago. In his ' ]!-iscovei'ics in Australift,' vol. II, p.p. 4-67-8,' the Cfip'tiiin says, he ' cannot leave Sydney without suggesting wha't 'appears to him to be 'the mo-jt practicable directions for ifiihvay lines tending 'from that city. The line south,' lie says, ' bught to .pass -round the head '61 -Jiowtny Jiiiy,. and by. iol lowing some or the valleys trending southwards, might reach Gla Wiirra, the Giu-den of- jS ow Soutli Wales. In th'is manner the rich Manero 'country -and the 'coal-iidds 'of Ulawarra ihight bo br6ught into connexion with Sydney, and a prodigious 'development imparted to the Svhole colony. , How it would rejoice the good people of JSdeh (o licar the railway whistle in their to\vii) &s; it\Voi\ld uttqu'estiomib'ly '?(us Caplivin Stokks says, and we 'firmly bolieve) impart a prodii/ious 'development Ib^ the white country. And there can bo nothing ruoro certain than that what is Tiow spoken of as the Metropolitan and Illawarra liiio of railway will become within a compara tively speaking few years the Great Southern Coast line of New South Wales, extending as it then shall from Sydney, through the Illawarra, Sh.oalh.aven, Bega, and Twofold Bay districts, until it connects with the Victorian line which runs 'throiigh Gippslund toward the borders of this colony. 