GENERAL NEWS. The following passengers are hooked to sail per the P. & O. steamer Assam, which leaves on Saturday:—For Venice—Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Linklater and the Misses Linklater (2), Mr. and Mrs. TV. Isbister and Masters W. L. and J. L. T. Isbister, and Mr. H. S. Price. For Bombay— Miss Tibbits. For Calcutta—Mr. J. Turner. For King Georges Sound—Messrs. J. G. Ander son, H. James, and W. J. Bussell. Another of our earliest colonists lias jast passed away. Mr. W. B. Randell, of Gumeracha, who arrived here in the ship Hartley in October, 1837, died on Thursday, December 28, the anni- versary of the foundation of the colony. Mr. Randell had, for some time previous to his death, been in very feeble health, and had attained the ripe old age of 78 years. He came out from Eng- land with the late Mr. William Giles, manager of the South Australian Company, and was also in the employ of that Company as miller. He was afterwards appointed their general superin- tendent of stock. Mrs. Randell died in the year 1874, and Mr. Randell subsequently married again. Besides his widow, he leaves a family of seven sons and one daughter, all married, and a number of grandchildren. An inquest was held by the City Coroner on Wednesday, December 27, at the Family Hotel, Port Adelaide, on the body of James Thomas, late master of the schooner Postboy. The body was washed up on the Kircaldy Beach on the previous day. The jury found that the deceased was accidentally drowned. The following is Friday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line :—Beltana, fresh, clear, fine; Strangways Springs, fine; Peake, clear, fine; Charlotte Waters, clear, fine ; Alice Springs, clear, fine; Barrow Creek,clear, fine; Tennant Creek,clear, fine; Powell Creek, clear, fine; hot. The next Local Court of Full Jurisdiction will be held in Adelaide, on Friday, January 12, Mr. G. C. Hawker, M.P., has contributed . £25 to the Angas Contingent Building Fund of the Bushmen's Club. The annual meeting of the Commercial Travellers' Association will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. The Government have received a tele- gram from the Agent-General, in which it is stated that the Alumbagh has sailed from Eng- land for this colony with 355 immigrants; and that representatives of two large firms of rail- way contractors leave for Adelaide by the January mail. Nothing was done with regard to the case of Mr. W. V. Smith at the meeting of the Executive Council held on Thursday. The matter has been referred to the Judges for their report, which has not yet been received. It is unlikely the Executive will take any action till they have the report of their Honors. The exhibition of pictures at the Re- freshment Boom in the Town Hall is still open, and considerable additions have been made to it during the past week. His Excellency the Governor, with his Private Secretary, paid the exhibition a visit on Thursday. We are told that Sir Anthony expressed himself much pleased with what he saw. An accident occurred to a little boy, named William McGabisk, on Wednesday, December 27. Mr. McGabisk was riding after some sheep, when the youngster got in the way and was knocked down. The horse trod on his left leg, inflicting a severe cut above the ankle, but fortunately not breaking any bones. The sufferer was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital. We have already mentioned that Mr. A. J. Edmunds is to perform the duties of Special Magistrate at Wallaroo, during the absence of Mr. Shepherdson, who has twelve months' leave. We may now add that Mr. Edmunds takes Mr. O'Halloran's place as Special Magistrate on the provisional and temporary list. Sir. Edmunds's appointment is gazetted this week. When the intercolonial steamers are sighted, we shall distinguish those belonging to the different companies, by hoisting their respective house flags over the usual tricolor. The Adelaide Steamship Company's flag is a blue cross upon a white ground, with a red star in the centre; while Messrs. McMeckan, Black- wood, & Co.'s flag is blue with five white stars, and in the centre a brown emu on a white ground. John Dudley, who a few nights ago stabbed his wife on North-terrace, was brought before Mr. Beddome, charged with the offence, on Thursday morning, and was remanded until Tuesday next. It was decided on Thursday morning, as Mrs. Dudley was dangerously ill, to take her depositions, and the City Coroner went to the Hospital for that purpose. It was found, however, that there had been a slight improve- ment in her state, and the depositions were not taken. Mr. Linthwaite reported at the Police Barracks on Thursday morning having found the body of a man in the River Torrens, near the Victoria Bridge, and behind the Railway Sheds. The body did not appear to have been in the water any great length of time, and where it was lying the water was quite shallow. The body was identified by a lodger in the Railway Boarding-House,North- terrace,as that of Walter Filmer, who had been living with him for some time, and who left his home at 9 o'clock on the previous evening. The deceased was in ill- health, and had been attended, we are told, by two doctors. A great many devotees at the shrine of Bacchus were arrested by the police on Saturday evening, December 23, and as the cells were full, and the Government holidays lasted until the following Thursday, Mr. Peterswald, J.P. (Superintendent of Police), sat as Magistrate on Sunday, and disposed of 22 cases. He thus relieved the police of a heavy burden, allowed room for new comers, and afforded those who had commenced their Christmas libations rather early an opportunity of enjoying, if their heads permitted, a Christmas dinner. Mr. Peterswald also disposed of six cases on Monday, eleven on Tuesday, and the same number on Wednesday. On the last-named day, Mr. J.M. Solomon, J.P., sat with Mr. Peterswald. Notwithstanding these clearings-up, there were a great many cases of drunkenness, and offences arising out of it, brought before Mr. Beddome on Thursday. Several of the defendants pleaded in extenuation that it was Christmas time. The Bellringers were well patronised at the Town Hall, on Thursday evening. The different tunes played on the bells were cleverly performed, every note being clearly and correctly produced. Mr. F. Verten's songs and dances completely brought down the house, his sailor's hornpipe being heartily en- cored. The evening's entertainment ended with "Dr. Brown's Dispensary," which is a very laughable farce. An entire change of pro- gramme is announced for this evening, in- cluding several novelties. To all who wish to attend an enjoyable entertainment we would say pay the Lynch Family a visit. Another consignment of ironwork for the Port Bridge has arrived in the Runnymede. " On Monday afternoon," writes the Southern Argus, of December 28, "Miss Mary McFarlane, third daughter of our old and re spected townsman, Mr. C. D. McFarlane, met with a painfully severe and well-nigh fatal ac- cident, which will render her an invalid for some time to come. It appears that the young lady had just seated herself in her brother's trap, to which were attached two spirited horses, the reins being held by Mr. J. M. McFarlane and Mr. T. Edmeades (formerly of Strathalbyn). Some trouble having been experienced in mount- ing, Mr. Edmeades let go his rein to procure a box to place near the trap to enable Mrs. and Miss McFarlane to get up more easily. At the same time Mr. MacFarlane let go his hold too for the same purpose, and the horses feeling themselves free immediately started. The latter sprang to the reins, but not getting a good hold could not control the horses, which galloped away from the yard in which they had been standing to the passage to the street. In endeavoring to stop the animals there Mr. McFarlane got his right arm dragged and severely bruised against the wall. After doing his best to hold the horses, to save himself he was obliged to let them go, when they rushed madly across the street, bringing the trap into contact with the corner-post of High and Swale streets. Miss McFarlane was thrown out with great violence some distance, and was picked up insensible, her head in particular being very badly cut and bruised. Dr. Blue at once attended the unfor tunate young lady, who still lies in a very pre carious state. The trap was smashed almost to atoms, so violent was the collision. The news of the accident spread quite a gloom over the township, Miss McFarlane being a general favorite, and many beyond her large circle of friends will regret to learn of her dangerous accident. "We trust that under the skilful treatment of Dr. Blue she may soon recover." The following are the handicaps for the principal races at the Foresters' Picnic on New Year's day:— Flat Race, 130 yards—W. E. Hubble, scratch; J. Hawkes, scratch; J. Coward, 2 yds.; C. A. Chalk, 5 yds.; L.F. Sillitoe, 6 yds.; F.R. Steed, 6 yds.; J.Hogg, 7 yds.; T.Allen,7 yds.; J. Herring, 7 yds.; and W. Morgan, 7 yds. Flat Race, 200 yards, for foresters only—E. Duncan, scratch; J. Coward, 3 yds.; L. F. Sil- litoe, 7 yds.; W. Padget, 8 yds.; and R. N. Eagle, 9 yds. Hurdle Race,220 yards—E. Colby, scratch; A. Mehrtens, 2 yds.; J. Hawkes, 5 yds.; F. R. Steed, 10 yds.; C. A. Chalk, 12 yds.; and W. Morgan, 14 yds. Mile Walking Match—H. Woods, scratch; H. Hawkes, 20 yds.; C. Page, 40 yds.; E. Whit- tlesea, 60yds.; L. F. Sillitoe, 80 yds.; F. Heath, 130 yds. ;and J. Heath, 130 yds. Hurdles, 440 yards—E. Colby, scratch; A. Mehrtins, 6 yds.; C. A, Chalk, 15yds.; and W. Morgan, 20 yds. Mile Flat Race—W. Francis, scratch; W. White,scratch ; T. Sisman, 10 yds.; R. Duncan, 15 yds.; C. Page, 30 yds.; G. Wright, 30 yds.; J. Whittlesea,40 yds.; A. K. Chapman, 80 yds.; and E. Cox, 100 yds. Flat Race, 440 yards—W. Hubble, scratch W. White,, scratch; G. Wright, 12 yds.; J. Whittlesea, 15yds.; and L. F. Sillitoe, 20 yds. Half-mile Flat Race—W. Francis, scratch ; W. White,; 5 yds.; T. Sisman, 15yds;; C. Paage, 20 yds.; J. Whittlesea, 20 yds.; and G. Wright, 25 yds. The lion treasurer of the Postboy Relief Fund has received a cheque from Mr. W. R. Morton, of the Southern Cross Hotel, for £10, of which sum he collected £7. Mr. Roberts played his third billiard match, at the Globe Billiard Saloon, on Wed- nesday evening, December 27. About 150 people were present, and watched the game with interest. Mr. W. B. Neales was the champion's opponent, and received a handicap of 700 points. Mr. Roberts proved victorious, but only succeeded in winning by six points. The increase in the number of steam- ships trading with the adjoining colonies and the outports has rendered the provision of additional accommodation necessary. With this view, the berths at the usual steamers' wharf will be kept apart for the larger class of vessels for the adjoining colonies, with the ex- ception of the cross-berth, which has been allotted to the steamer Kangaroo. The Port Pirie steamers, Euro and Emu, on the arrival of the latter, will be berthed near the swing bridge, whilst the Port Lincoln and Port Au- gusta steamers will load in the Company's Basin close to the bridge. There was rather a small attendance at Lo-Lo's Crystal Palace Combination Company's Entertainment, at White's Rooms, on Thursday evening. The programme of the preceding evening was repeated with success, and some songs, which were contributed by Mr. T. Mar- getts, were well received. Mr. Arthur Vivian will take his benefit this evening, when there will be an extra programme. The Fakir of Oolu was favored with a good attendance on Thursday evening. The audience expressed their appreciation of the performances by loud and frequent applause. Mrs. and Mr. Empson succeeded in bringing the house down with their amusing songs. The spectral pan- tomime created much amusement. The ghost drametta, in which Mr. A. Silvester, jun., is the principal performer, was well carried out, and the illusion was admirably sustained. 