THE DUCHESS OF ROSEMARY LANE. By B. L. FARJEON, -Author of M Blade-o'-Ones,' ' Grif ,' ' Jessie Trim,' ' An Idaai Pearl,' &c; Chapter XIIL — Sa&x-t; has a Partt. Seth Dumbrick never raised his eyes from his work Hie nest morning -when Sally Chandler, who bad been standing silently by bis side for full five minutes, sud den! v said : ' Pharer come agin last night, daddy.' ' I thought he would, Sallr. When r ' ' In the middle of the night, when I was asleep. That's as good as a trance, ain't it r' 'Every bit as good. A trance is a sleep, you know. Well*' ' He looked just the same ? ' ' ' Not a minute older, eb, Sally r' ' I don't think so.' ' Stop a bit,' said Seth, with beaming eyes, which contradicted the thoughtful action of.elightly moisten ing his palm with his tongue and rubbing it dry on his chin, ' this must be looked into. We don't want any imposition kings coming to us, Sally, and taking us'in.' ' In course not,' said Sally, with a sinking heart. ' And Pharer's took a fancy to you, evidently, and '11 keep up the acquaintance likely enough for many and many a year. Now what we've got to be certain of is that he is the genuine article, and not a common everyday sort of feller passing himself off as a king, and siwli a king, as you'il find out when we get along with our reading. It don't so much matter now, for it's only a little while ago that you first saw him. But this is the way of it. Pharer's got dark hair, hasn't he r' ' Yes, he has,' said Sally, with bold assurance. ' Very well. All Egyptians' hair is dark ; but it don't always keep so ; it gets gray, then white, natu rally. Now, suppose Pharer comes to you in a. trance, say 'in twenty years' time, he'U be twenty years older and his hair '11 have to be gray or white by then, or he's not a genuine spirit, that's all ; you'll have to look out for that.' ' I Mill,' said Sally, with emphatic nods ; ' he shun't take me in.*' ? ' That's right. Fire away.' ' Having escaped from this dangerous rock, Sally proceeded. ' ' Baby must have a name given to her,' says Pharer, ' and it's got to be done proper.' ' What name ?' says I. 'I don't know,' says Pharer ? ' ' Not much of a spirit,' murmured Seh; 'not by any means what I should call a tiptop spirit.' '''There'B only one man,' says Pharer,' continued Sally, perplexed* and discomposed by these interrup tions, ' ? as can give baby a proper name, and that man's Daddy Dumbrick.' ' ' Oh, oh !' exclaimed Seth. '.He knows my new title already.' 'Spirits 'know everything,' observed Sally, oracu larly. 'Tnen Pharer takes me— where do you think r' ' I'm not a prophet, Sally.' . ' Not fur ; not any way at all. He takes me to where we all live.' ' DownstairB.' ' Yes, downstairs. And it's night, and there's more than one candle alight ; and the fish in the quarian is swimming about, wide awake, salamanders and all ; and there's a party.' Seth gave a long, soft whistle. ' That's a mistake, Sally. There couldn't be a party.' ' There was,' said Sally, positively. ' Men and women i' ' No ; boys and gals.' ' Ah, ah ! That's bad enough, but it's better than t'other.' 'There was Jane Preedy, and Betsy Newbiggin, and Ann Taylor, and Jimmy Platt, and a lot more, all dressed out; and there was baby, dressed out splendier than all of 'em put together, and there was me and you.' ' What was I doing:' 'You was giving baby a name. 'And mind,' says Pharer, ' baby's a little lady, and she's got to have a grand name, better than mine, or yourn, or anybody else's.' ' When was this party given, Sally r' ' What's to- day, Daddy Dumbrick ?' 'Wednesday.' ' The party was given next Monday,' replied Sally, in utter defiance of all natural rules and laws, ' next Monday as ever was.' ' It must be done, I suppose,' said Seth, with a sigh of comical resignation, ' or Pharer '11 never come to you again.' ' Never,' declared Sally. ' Then there's no help for it. You can ask all the little ragamuffins in the neighbourhood to the christening.' ' 0 daddy, you are good — you are good!' and out of the depth of her gratitude Sally put her arms round Seth's neck, and kissed him half-a-dozen times without meeting with any opposition. 'Seth Dumbrick, Seth Dumbrick,' quoth Seth mentally ; ' there's something happening to you as you never dreamt of in all your born days.' In good truth, Seth was enjoying this new state of things. He would have been well content to have led his solitary life to the end of his days, supposing he had never met with this unlooked-for experience, but he would not have liked, now that he had tasted the sweets of companionship, to be compelled to relapse into his old ways. There was nothing to regret in his past life; he had never loved, and therefore had no melancholy remembrance to make the past bitter. He had contracted neither violent friend ships nor violent enmities. Not from choice, but from the circumstances of bis life, he had lived within himself, and his judgment of men and things had been derived, not from experience, but from reading and observations. He was large minded, perhaps, because no opportunity had pre sented itself to him of being otherwise He had never been wronged — which frequently leads a gener ous nature to misanthropy ; he had never wronged — which often leads to meanness many a nature capable of higher development. Thus, having escaped rocks upon which other men are wrecked, or soured, or em bittered for life, he found himself a middle-aged man, the tenderest chords of whose nature had never yet been touched. Sally's kisses thrilled him tenderly. He did not return them, nor did he exhibit any feeling, but every pulse of his responded to this mark of affection. ' Daddy,' said Sally. ' Yes, Sal.' ' You're sure r' ' About next Monday r Oh, yes. We'll have the christening.' ' I want to tell you something.' ' Out with it.' ' I've got two shillings.' 'Ah.' ' Saved up in my frock. Feel 'em.' Seth felt them. * ' Mother give 'em to me before she went away. I may spend 'em, mayn't I r ' ' For the christening r' ' For baby.' ' Well, no ; I should say not. Here's two shillings more ; spend them and keep yours.' ' But I want tc— I want to. It's my money, and I want to spend it on baby.' ' You're an obstinate little sinner,' said Seth, after some consideration; 'but it appears to me that you've generally got a reason for what you do. So do it. You can take my money as well, and spend it all if you. like.' ' We'll have a regular feast,' said Sally gleefully; and so the conversation ended. Issuing forth the next morning, Sally commenced operations. The first acquaintance 6he met was Betsy Newbiggin. Betsy was pursuing her usual avocation of selling liquorice-water, at the rate of two tea spoonsful for one pin. This industrious trader was a genius in her way, and displayed unusual qualifica tions for driving a good barsain. The bosom of her frock was half- full of pins, and Betsy trotted about with her breastplate as proud as an Indian of his trophy of scalps, or as Aaron with his breastplate containing the Urim and Thummim. It is to be feared that Betsy was not an honest t-ader. She inaugurated the day's business by squeezing into the empty physic bottle a couple of pieces of Spanish liquorice, the amount of dirt from her fingers and nails which accompanied the delectable morsels being considerable. Filling the bottle with water, Betsy gently shook it up and down, using a piece of paper for a cork, until the water assumed a light, brown clayey appearance. Thus prepared she sought her playmates, and despoiled them, as Joshua despoiled the Anakims. For a crooked pin only one teaspoonful of the delectable beverage would she allow, and long and strong were the arguments used as to the righteous value of the pins offered by thirsty juveniles. When the negotia tions were concluded, the buyer and seller -would repair to a sequestered corner^ where Betsy having secured her pin would pour out the liquorice water (in variably short measure), and administer it, to the envy and admiration of a knot of hapless, plnless youngster*, who would smack their lips in thirsty sympathy as the liquid glided down the throat of the fortunate pur chaser. So supreme were these moments to the imbibers, that they generally closed their eyes in ecstacy as Betsy thrust the teaspoon into their mouths. As fast as the bottle was emptied, it was refilled with water, and the flagrant adulteration was carried on until the barest taste of liquorice remained. It was even worse than London milk — a large admission, re dounding to the credit of Betsy, and arguing well for her worldly future. Not often did Betsy Newbiggin meet with her match in the way of trade, but she met with it thi6 morning, in Sally. Our little sallow-faced mother had the natural * cravings of a daughter of Eve for sweet things, and she cast a longing glance at Betsy's bottle of liquorice- water. Betsy, observing the glance, scented a customer, and she carelessly shook the bottle two or three times, and removing the paper cork applied it to her tongue with an air of great enjoyment. ' Is it nice, Betsy?' inquired Sally, anxiously. ' I should rather think it was,' replied Betsy, placing the bottle close to Sally's nose; 'smell it. How many pins have yer got ?' Sally passed her hand over the bosom of her frock and found never a pin. 'Trust us,' pleaded Sally. Betsy laughed scornfully, and made a feint of moving away to more profitable pastures. ' Stop a bit, Bttsy,' cried Sally, ' I -want to tell you somethink. I live at Mr. Dumbrick's, you know — me and my baby. And, oh ! it's such a place ! There never was nothing like it. It's full of the most beautifulest things as ever was, and there's a large glass river with all sorts of fish a-swimming about — would you like to see it. ' I'd like to,' said Betsy. ' It's better than a show, and Mr. Dumbrick he tells such stories — wouldn't you like to hear 'em : ' ' I'd like to,'* repeated Betsy. ' Well, now,' said Sally, in unconscious imitation of Seth Dumbrick's manner of speaking, ' I don't know. Perhaps I'll let you — perhaps I won't. Will youjtrust us two pins' 'orth ? ' ' Yes, I will, I will,' exclaimed Betsy eagerly, and measured out four tea spoonsful of the precious beverage, and gave full measure, mainly in consequence of Sally's watchful eyes being upon her. Long parleying took place thereafter between the cunning and wily Sally and the shrewd but in this instance over-reached Betsy, for before they parted, Sally had emptied every drop of liquorice-water in the bottle, and had be sides wheedled Betsy out of twelve pins, to be re turned at some remote and convenient period. But Betsy had her reward in perspective, for she received the first invitation to the feast on Monday evening in Seth's cellar, and she departed in a glow of triumph to boast of the invitation to her acquaintance. There is no person in the world, however insignificant or humble, who does not build for himself a dunghill upon which he delights to crow, to the exaltment of himself, and the depreciation of his neighbours. By noon all Sally's invitations were issued by word of mouth; and the news spreading with amazing rapidity, the excitement among the juvenile popula tion of Rosemary Lane became, beiore the day was out, most intense. Those who were invited walked about with pride and superiority in their bearing, and those who were not were proportionately humbled and vexed. The circumstance that Seth Dumbrick, the hermit, the crab, had consented to receive in his cave a certain number of children, and to give them a feast, was really an event in the neighbourhood, and even some of the grown-up people said they would like to go to the party. The curiosity and desire of Mrs. Preedy, a widow, became so inflamed that she paid a visit to Seth in his stall, with the object of soliciting or wheedling him out of an invitation. The argument she used was that her child, Jane Preedy, who in the memory of the oldest inhabitant had never been known to wear a pair of boots or shoes which matched, and who had the reputation of being an incorrigible tomboy, was so shy in company that it would be a mercy to the little one if she were allowed the moral support of her mother on this auspicious occasion. ' It can't be done, ma'am,' said Seth, -with a con vincing shake of the head, ' at any price. No lady or gentleman over the age of twelve can be admitted, by order of the Lord Chancellor.' Awed by this information, and by no means certain that it was not given in earnest truth, Mrs. Preedy walked discomfited away ; but a woman's not easily beaten, and nothing increases the fire of her desires more than a man's opposition. In an hour she re turned. She was not easy in her mind. What could Mr. Dumbiick mean by his opposition to the presence of grown-up sensible persons at his party? If he would only allow one to be there ! As a protection, or for the appearance of the thing. Such strange things would be said ! ' I can bear it all, ma'am,' wag Seth's reply. ' I wish you'd show me your back and let me get on with my work.' This roused Mrs. Preedy's ire. There was some thing sinister at the bottom of it, .she'd bet her existence ! Mr. Dumbrick had some deep design ! Strange things had been done before now in cellars ! Perhaps he had skeletons and ghosts there! and wanted, to frighten the children's lives out of 'em ! It would be a mercy if they was ever seen again 1 ' My cellar is full of ghosts, ma'am,' said Setb. ' I thought as much,' observed Mrs. Preddy, more than ever perplexed. ' I hope you ain't done nothink very bad, Mr. Dumbrick. The ghosts are ? *' ' Ghosts of lost years, ma'am,' rejoined Seth, with somewhat of melancholy gravity. ' I never knew myself that they were there till a week or two ago.' 'Dear me!' exclaimed Mxs. Preedy, with sympa thetic curiosity. ' And how did you find 'em ou Mr. Dumbrick r ' I was looking,' replied Seth, with grim pathos, ' into the eyes of a little child — quite a baby indeed, ma'am — when they crept upon me unawares. Curious, wasn't it, that they should appear that, way?' ' I should think it was,' said Mrs. Preedy ? «* I can't make it out. It's like a riddle, Mr. Durabrick. . Then you'll let me come on Monday night ?' *: You, too, want to creep upon me unawares. No, ma'am, I' 11 not let you come on Monday night. You'd ; scare away the ghosts.' 'All the better,' said Mrs. Preedy, cheerfully. ' A man of your time of life don't want to be bothered' with such things.' ' I'm not quite sure, ma'am. Do you ever read the Bible r' 'What do you take me for, Mr. Dumbrick? Of course I read my Bible, and believe in it. I'm a reli gious woman, I hope.' ' I didn't ask you that. There's a part in it where a prophet— Moses it was— touches a rock, whew all. his people are dying o' thirst. The moment he touches' it, out pours a spring of sweet fresh water, and the children of Israel drinks.' ' Jews, they was r' 'Yes.' ' Nasty creatures ! I can't abear the sight of a Jew. I don't believe it's in the Bible,' ' Oh, yes, it Is.' ?? Well, I don't believe that part of it'' 'It's a fable o* course. I don't believe it either T but there it is. Now that story— a pretfJy one ma'am —applies in an odd way to me' ' You're the strangest creature, Mr. Dumbrick ! I don't see how it can apply ; but you're fond of puzz ling a poor woman. I'll be sure to come on Monday night.' 11 You don't put, your nose inside my place, ma'am, neither you nor any other grown-up person in Rose mary Lane.' Which caused Mrs. Preedy to retire in great dud geon, ready to indorse any ill- natured judgment that might be passed upon Seth Dumbrick. The eventful evening arrived, and Setb., sitting irt his stall, received his guests, and passed them down-, to Sally. The first to arrive was Betsy Newbiggin \\. then followed Ann Taylor, Jimmy Platt, Jane Preedy (who had been hiding all the day lest, at the last moment, her mother sheuld prevent her going). Young Stumpy, and others, making in all a round' dozen. Seth's mode of procedure was brief and business like, and proceeded thus: Betsy Newbiggin, the first arrival, walked proudly and briskly to Seth's stall. To her dismay, Seth took no notice of her,, and did not appear to see her. ' Please, Mr. Dumbrick,' said Betsy, timorously; all her boldness gone in presence of her distinguished host, his indifference also inspiring a doubt as to whether Sally had not been playing tricks with her. ' Ah,' said Seth, raising his eyes, ' well r' 'Please, Mr. Dumbrick, I've come to the party.' 'Names?' ' Betsy Newbiggin, please sir.' ' You're the girl that sells liquorish- water r' 'Yes, please, sir.' ' What does that mean on your frock ?' ' It's a B and a N, Mr. Dumbrick. B for Betsy, N' for Newbiggin.' Struck by an original idea, Betsy, when she was ' doing Itself up for the party,' had stuck part of her capital of pins into the bosom of her frock in.', imperfect representation of the initials of her name. It was as good, in the first place, as the fashion of grand ladies in presenting their cards in paying visits (although this did not occur to Betsy, she not being versed in the usages of fashionable society) ; but Betsy — aware of the value of a good advertisement — did' know that the device distinguished her as the only true and original vendor of liquorice water in the neighbourhood. Besides, it prevented any other little girl passing herself off for her. 'Sally,' called out Seth, bending towards the steps, which led toward the cellar, ' here's Betsy New biggin. Is that right ? ' 'Yes, Daddy Dumbrick,' called out Sally in reply ; and then Seth hoisted the little girl in,' and passed her down to Sally, who received her visitor with stately cordiality. The process was repeated with all those invited, until the number was complete ; when Seth put his shutters up, and joined the party. The cellar presented a splendid appearance. Every thing was polished up, the hearth was whitened, the stove was blackened. There was not a speck on the glass of the aquarium ; but this latter attraction was covered with a blanket. Seth, -who, during the day, . had refused to come into the dwelling-room, knowing . that Sally was busy, and wished to give him a sur prise, gazed around wrth satisfaction. His eyes meet ing Sally's, which were watching him anxiously, he patted her approvingly on the shoulder, which caused her to colour with pleasure. When Seth made his ? appearance among his guests, they were all demurely seated on two benches which Sally had found in the backyard, and cleaned for the occasion. They were a very respectable party indeed, and behaved - themselves quite genteelly. They were in holiday attire too; tor, duly impressed with the importance of the event, they had taken pains tp personally adorn themselves with any little oddment they could lay their hands on. True, that in some instances the will had to be taken for the deed ; as in the case of Young Stumpy, the rents in whose garments would not admit of the entire concealment of his shirt, which peeped out in unwarrantable places, and who was much distressed by his companions slvly pulling at it, and further exposing him ; and in the case of Jane Preedy, one of whose feet was buried in a very large old shoe, and the other squeezed into a boot too small to admit of lacing up. But for the matter of that, Sally Chandler, if brought before a jury, would have been found guilty of rents, tatters, and incongruities in her attire ; so busy had she been that without inquiring as to whether she had the means, she had no time to make herself smart. On the table were displayed a threepennyworth of oranges cut into very small pieces, threepennywonh of whitey-brown seedcakes, threepenny worth of the delectable cake known as the jumble, and threepenny worth of expressionless men and women and blatant cocks and hens fashioned out of the native ginger bread of the neighbourhood. Upon this splendid feast the eyes of the company were eagerly fixed, wandering occasionally away to the dark corners of the cellar and to the blanket which concealed the fish in the aquarium. ' Where's baby, Sally e' asked Seth, ' Not yet, please,' said Sally imploringly. ' May we commence, daddy r' ' Yes.' The entertainment was opened by the drawing of the curtain, or rather by the withdrawal of the blanket from, the aquarium, and the sudden and bril liant display of fish swimming about caused a chorus of Ohs ! of all shapes and sizes to issue from the throats of the delighted guests. Entering at once into the humour of the affair, Seth Dumbrick con stituted himself showman, and proceeded to point out the different fish to the audience, who thronged around the lecturer, and listened open-mouthed to the won— \- - * . derful things he told them. He took advantage, it must be confessed, of the limited knowledge of his hearers, and imposed up n them as the veriest mountebank would have done. Marvellous were the (qualities of the vater- beetlee : dreadful were the -stories he told of the voracious silver pike, saying how fortunate it was that there was not ?s&am.; for them to grow in the aquarium, . or there was no telling what would occur ; the gold and silver fish were real gold and silver—' Do you think I d keep sham ones r ' he asked, receiving ??vociferous vindication of his genuineness in the .answers. 'In course not, Mr. Dumbnck ; ' '?' Not you, Mr. Dumbrick ;' and as for the ? salamanders, which they gazed upon with a kind . of horrible fascination, he explained how that fire wouldn't burn them, and expressed his opinion — ? with downward-pointing finger — that they came from ? the place where wicked boys and girls went to, unless they saw the error of their ways, and repented in good time. So impressed with gloo myforebodings were the guests — all of whom, according to the oi't-repeated testimony of their nearest relations, were as bad as Jjad could be — at this peroration to Seth Dumbrick's discourse, that it was found necessary to revive their linking spirits. This was successfully accomplished by a circulation of the oranges and cakes, after dis cussing a portion of which they became the most de fiant of young sinners, and figuratively snapped their fingers at fate. Then the principal feature of the evening was heralded by Saljy, who, retiring into the recess which had been partftioned off for her sleeping apartment, returned in triumph with 'baby. Holding Sally by the hand, she walked in like a little queen. Of Sally's four shillings, one had been spent on the pleasures of the table ; the remaining three had been expended on the child's dress. Heaven only knows what had influenced Sally in her whim, but from the moment she had obtained Seth Dumbrick's permis sion to hold the feast, she had run about from shop to shop, and street to street, hunting up cheap little bits of finery with which to deck her treasure for the important occasion. Small remnants of .silk, bits of ribbon, faded artificial flowers, whatever her eye lighted on in rag and second-hand clothes' 6hops in the way of co our, Sally had purchased, cheapening and bargaining for them with the zem and tact of a grown-up woman. The result was a great heap of odds and ends, which Sally had washed, and ironed, and pieced, and patched, with so much in ?dustry and ingenuity that her treasure baby looked like a May-day Queen or an oddly-assorted rainbow. There was no harmony of design in the fashioning or arrangement of the dress, but the general ^effect was so pretty and unexpected, and the child's face, flushed with pleasure and -excitement, was so beautiful, that her ap pearance in the cellar was like the revelation of a bright cloud, and Seth Dumbrick held his breath-ibr a moment or two in wonder and admiration. The guests . clapped their hands in unrestrained delight, and the child, standing in the midst of her admiring audience, received their applause with perfect grace — as though she was used to this sort of thing, and it was naturally her due. There was a rosy glow in her fair cheeks, her flaxen hair hung upon her shoulders like golden silk, her blue eyes sparkled with beauty. Sally stood by her side, like a little sallow gipsy. Seth drew the two children aside, and lifted them on his knees. ' Doesn't she look like an angel r' inquired Sally rapturously. ' It s such a picture as I never expected to see in my cellar. Sally, you're a little wonder.' ' No, no,' protested Sally; ' she is. I ain't no body. That's the way I saw her in my dream. You've got to give her a name, you know.' ' It's a puzzle, Sally. There's no name I'm ac quainted with that would match her.' *; But you've got to do it.' '? Didn't Pharer say anything about it ?'' Sally considered. '? Pharer s a king. She's good enough to be a . queen.' ' We've got one Queen, Sal, and those that have r seen her say she's pretty, too. There's princesses . and duchesses ? ' ' A duchess, a duchess ! ' cried Sally, clapping her hands. ' If she . can't be a queen, make her a \- duchess ! ' ?? So 'be it, Sally. A duchess '11 be better than baby, when she grows up. So we'll call her a duchess. ' The Drchess of Rosemary Lane.' Sally slid off his knees, and brought a cup of water. ' You must sprinkle her, you know. That's the way. Now no one can't call her nothing else.' ' Ladies and gentlemen,' said Seth, addressing the company with njock dignity, ' allow me to present to you the DuchesB of Rosemary Lane.' 