THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1878. TO-DAY Captain GILMORE will be sworn in as Colonial Secretary, and with the change in the holder of that office we may naturally expect some modifications in the Ministerial programme. At same time, unless such be found in any altered condition of the Colony, or in any natural differences in the circumstances under which they have to legislate, the change in the personnel of the Ministry need not infer any radical or even moderately great change in their policy. For several consecutive sessions parliamentary discussions, aye, and parliamentary divisions, have arisen more from personal leanings and antipathies than from a sense of duty or any divergence of opinion in regard to measures. In dealing with the Ministerial scheme of public works, and the same re- mark will be found to apply pretty much to any other Government measure, the Opposition gave in their adhesion to the general principle involved. They wasted their time and talents in dreary debates on minor details, and they claimed that their objections in this respect should he accepted as the more weighty and better entitled to attention that, in seeking the object in view, they were prepared to go as far, sometimes further, than Ministers had asked Parliament to do. Thus, in regard to the chief subject that for the last two or three years has agitated the | Colony, and that through the action of the Legislative Council has blocked up legislation and retarded our progress as a people, the ' Opposition has all along expressed itself prepared, not only to endorse the arguments in favour of public works, but to go further in an expenditure for that purpose than proposed by Government. They approved. " But And, as a rule, that " but " had reference to personal matters. The scheme in the hands of Ministers was represented by some Master of Arts in absurd nomenclature as a Bill of tempta- tions, and over since the parrot cry has been repeated. The works we have been told over and over again were necessary and proper works, if carried out by the honesty and talent of the Opposition, that would be the salvation of the Colony; carried out by Ministers, the scheme would prove but a system of fraud and corruption for debasing constituenoies,bribing them into silence, and securing for Ministers a tenure of office. The absurdity of the argument was lost sight of in the zeal with which the Outs, in seeking to become the Ins, urged it. There can be no bribery or corruption unless there is a buyer as well as a seller; and the loud-mouthed traducers of Ministers also slandered the people, who were by implication represented as willing to sell their own independence and the good of the Colony that they might secure some local, but much wanted, public work. Public works were represented as simply an electioneering dodge, and we were triumphantly told public works we should have, and would have, if only we would take them from the proper quarter, which was represented to be the Opposition, not the Ministry. All argument was held to be clinched by the triumphant question : What ! would you trust the present Ministers with carrying out their scheme of public works ? Such is no exaggerated picture of- to use the language of one of the most claimant and politically unprincipled of the lot the manner in which it has been sought to throw dust in the eyes of the people. The best interests of the Colony have been sacrificed to party and private purposes. There has been a fight about the shadow when the substance was being neglected. The Opposition-by that name we mean that small but obstructive body whose rule of conduct has been pure and simple antagonism to a set of men, these men being the holders of office-have applauded a proposal for a scheme of Public Works, but they have said they would rather want it than aid Ministers in carrying it, and thus a drag has been placed on the progress of the Colony that, applied a few years ago, would have been followed by colonial bankruptcy, but which has now been averted by the fortuitous circumstance of an irrepressible elasticity in our resources, i A great cry was made against Ministers, and ! more particularly against that gentleman himself, when Mr. INNES saw it consistent with his duty to the Colony to accept the office he now holds, and his reason to the Opposition has been the burden of continued diatribes to the present day. "We say now, as we said then, that it was a mere matter of taste or punctilio. Wu had been lit of Mr. INNES repeatedly when in Opposition with lending himself to a conflict that maintained a sham party fight, while he and those who adopted him as their leader were virtually at one with those from whom they pretended to differ and we may ask, without much fear of a convincing answer, to have pointed out to us one single item of principle or public policy on which there was a substantial difference of opinion between the one side of the House and the other, or which Mr. INNES betrayed when he took the much reviled step of accepting office with those he and the left side of the House had made a make- believe of opposing. There was no con- cealment of the fact that between Mr. INNES and some Members of the Ministry there was a personally unfriendly feeling, but it was one merely of men and if Mr. INNES and his new colleagues saw their way, as we know they did, to reconciling their personal differences and burying the hatchet, there was really no other good reason against their working together, notwithstanding all the great expenditure of virtuous indignation that has been loudly indulged in, chiefly by those most deficient in personal opposite cal virtue. It is surely time that such puerile and unworthy motives as are to be found in personal proclivities should cease to exercise an influence as baneful as powerful on the conduct of the business of our little Colony that is manfully struggling to be prosperous. We have devoted time and trouble enough to party purposes. Let us now try,forachange,todosomorenl good to as mania, the interest of which we all profess to have so much at heart. One step towards so desirable a consummation would be that every honour- able and public-spirited person among us, all who sincerely desire a common good, should set down their foot on the base attempt that is being made to deter the new COLONIAL SECRETARY from giving himself to the public service, and should show their contempt for the conduct of those who, as a means to their end, seek to traduce and vilify him to hold him up as having sacri | faced a party and we are asked to believe, with it the public interest that he may promote his own personal ends, and gratify his own ambition. Mr. GILMORE is open to no charge of having turned his back on himself, or sold his party. When in 1875, he, on his entering Parliament, moved in the Assembly the Address in reply to the GOVERNOR'S Speech, he then as well as now knew the policy of Government in reference to the Public Works Scheme, the Main Line Railway, the Mersey and Deloraine Line, the leasing of Mineral Lands, and the Finances of the Colony and in giving Ministers a promise of general support, he in the most emphatic manner protested against being either an obstructionist or an oppositionist. The stand he then took he ever has since maintained. In dealing with the business of Parliament we have had one day the satisfaction of his supporting our views, next day the duty of differing from him and as further showing his ideas of the position he occupied we believe we are right in saying that during his parliamentary career he did not attend a single meeting of the Opposition, or take any part in its counsels. He maintained an independent attitude and such as warranted Ministers in looking to him for co-operation, and fully entitled him to accept a position that is a subject of honourable ambition to any colonist, and in accepting which he, at any rate, has not sacrificed one iota of his personal independence and integrity as a public man. Why, then, should he be blamed 1 Why the attempt to hound him down 1 Faction, driven to despair, resorts to this line of conduct as its last resource. But let honest journalism and a fearless public spirit show in unmistake- able language their reprobation of such a style of tactics, and then the odious thing will hide its ashamed head, and Tasmania will be governed by principle, not by personal grudges and private piques. IT was hardly to be expected that a man like Sir JULIUS VOGEL, with a temperament necessitating constant excitement and plenty of work, would long leave the people of New Zealand in the dark as to the policy of the Government. Three weeks ago he addressed his constituents at Wanganui, and though we are only in possession of the telegraphic summary of his speech-very badly compiled, too there is sufficient in that to convey a tolerably good idea of the business to be submitted during the next session of Parliament. It may be taken for granted that his visit to Europe has not in any way cramped the intellect of the New Zealand Premier on the other hand, a temporary respite from his arduous labours must have not only benefited his physical constitution, but afforded him an opportunity of calmly and judiciously surveying his past work, and by a careful scrutiny, detecting any errors that he may have been guilty of. Though at times somewhat precipitate, he possesses discrimination in a high degree, and his great mental capacity enables him to easily grasp the details of any question with which he under- takes to deal, and to perceive the proper manner of submitting it to an independent and thoughtful public. It has been said that Sir JULIUS VOGEL " could make a shoe or a locomotive as well as frame a law," and his career in New Zealand fully justifies the eulogium. No other man at present taking a part in the Government of that colony could have mastered the question of the abolition of the provinces as he has done and still less could any other man have suceeded in such a comparatively short time, in inducing a people, naturally tenacious, by custom and habit of their provincial institutions, with all the paraphernalia on a diminutive scale of the highest legislative body in the land, to abrogate those institutions for a more general form of administration. True, the majority in favour of the proposed new system is small, but that there is a majority at all, and not a hopeless minority, is not only creditable to the abnegation and discernment of the electors, but speaks volumes for the tact and ability displayed by the PREMIER, in putting the question before the constituencies. In his manifesto at Wanganui, he spoke at great length in justification of the action of the Government last session on this question, pointing out that the financial position of the colony rendered necessary the abolition of the provinces, and that the change was one which could not, as was so strongly urged in some quarters, be applied to the North Island only. " It was now the duty of the Government," he said, "to (supply a form of local government of a more inexpensive character than the provincial system." The duty to anyone not gifted with the ingenuity and the perceptive faculties of Sir JULIUS VOGEL would be an undesirable one on account of the difficulties which surround it; but the PREMIER is of a hopeful turn of mind, besides being talented, and he was enabled to tell his listeners that as the subject was approached more closely the embarrassments gradually disappeared. He has evidently decided that the change about to be made shall be complete. Sir JULIUS is not addicted to the habit of dealing mincingly with great questions and believing that the colony will be benefited by the introduc- tion of an entirely new system, he does not hesitate to say that such a course will be taken. The form of local government which he intends to propose to Parliament will, he avers, be more satisfactory, although it will not have those features of miniature parliaments and miniature responsible governments which characterise the present provincial system. Care is to be taken that there shall be no clashing of the distinct functions of the General Government and local bodies. "For instance, the management of gaols and of the police, and such duties as the Provincial Governments at present performed, could be carried on by the General Government at a greatly reduced cost." We recommend the reference to the police to the consideration of the authorities in Tasmania. If it is preferable for the General Government of New Zealand to undertake the management of the police force, instead of placing it in the hands of the local bodies, there is another argument against the anomalous system that prevails in this Colony, His treatment of the land question shows that Sir JULIUS VOGEL is profiting, not only by his own experience, but by the knowledge acquired in other Colonies. It is easy to say that " the Government felt that something must be done to increase the facilities for obtaining land for settlement," but it is the work of a statesman to find out what that something ought to be. No Colony has yet been able to introduce a really good system for the administration of the waste lands of the Crown, and in some cases the attempts to do so have been signal failures. In Victoria, it has just been discovered that selectors are taking advantage of the credulity of the Legislature in a somewhat ludicrous manner, though disastrous as for as the public interests are concerned. One selector has sold his holding to a pastoral purchaser for £3 5s. per acre, and intends to invest the capital in Riverina, to be followed, it is said, by many others of his class. By crossing the Murray, the Argus explains, the selector " can take up 640 acres for himself, and an allotment for each child over 16 years of age. The transaction is highly profitable. The crops from the virgin soil are heavy, and as no permanent outlay takes place the percentage of gain is considerable Only 2s per acre has to be paid annually for three years, and then the transfer can be effected, and for a 320-acre lot, which has practically cost him nothing at all, the bona-fide selector can pocket the sum of £1,000, and if he gets more than £3 5s. per acre so much the more is his bank balance. Thanks to a paternal Government, the bona-fide selector can become a capitalist at a bound." The State not only lose the selector and his family, but might just as well have had the £3 5s. per acre. We merely mention this, en passant, as an instance of the gross defects of the best land laws. That Sir JULIUS VOGEL will escape errors is of course not to be expected ; but on one point his Government has a very strong opinion, and that is that those who want land shall pay for it, but that it shall be offered on easy terms of payment, just as a large purchaser going into the private market would be able to obtain easy terms for his payments. The system is an old one, but it will probably work better in New Zealand than in Victoria, because purchasers have not another colony close at hand to pass over to should they be able to dispose of their holdings at a remunerative price. We have, however, more confidence in the PREMIER'S perspicacity than to believe that any system which emanates from his brain will be invalidated by having such a loop-hole as that which exists in Victoria. He is not partial to an artificial system of special settlements, such as has been suggested for some parts of Tasmania, because he thinks that more benefit would accrue from offering facilities to all who desired to obtain land and to settle upon it. The conditions upon which the success of such a system depend are many. If there are people desirous of obtaining land, if the land is good, and if the facilities are of an attractive character, no difficulties will be met with ; but these three conditions are indispensable. There are many topics of interest in the address before us, but we can only refer to one more, that of public works. Though it is not intended to make any sudden or great change in the management of these works, yet the most of them will be placed under the control of the General Government as soon as possible, leaving only to local management such works as are really of a local character. An entirely new system, however, is to be proposed for the carrying out of local works, and as the subject must be of some interest here it may be well to describe the system in the words of Sir JULIUS VOGEL. We may be sure that the plan has not been matured without ample deliberation and though there are one or two points in it which might prove acceptable in this Colony, the system, as a whole, is far too elaborate for Tasmania. " The Government," said Sir JULIUS, " would propose to divide the Colony into counties the boundaries of which could not be coterminous with the provincial boundaries-and to establish elective county boards, which would be charged with the construction of all main roads, and other large works which would benefit the districts they comprised. The county boards would be presided over by probably a paid chairman, but to prevent these boards becoming in any sense political bodies, no county chairman would have a seat in Parliament. Road boards would also be established, but their duties would be confined to the construction and maintenance of arterial works within their own districts. Each I class or board would have independent means at its disposal, so that while they would be able to come to any agreement between themselves as to any general works, it would not be necessary for them to do so. Under this system there would be borough, road district, and county governments, and each body would carry out its functions without coming into contact with the others." Looking at the manifesto, apart from the minor details which are necessarily included in it, we are disposed to assign it a high position amongst the many declarations of Government policy which we have heard and read in these I Colonies, It reveals the hand of a statesman. It is comprehensive enough to cover every possible question of any interest and it speaks emphatically on every subject upon which it touches ; while no one can deny to its author the possession of keen and subtle powers of reasoning. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ THE ENGLISH MAIL.-The China with the English mail on board was, as telegraphed to this in the course of the forenoon, off Glenelg, Adelaide, at two o'clock on Saturday morning, exactly one week less six hours behind time. The steamer left Galle six days late. Instead of gaining time, as is generally the case, she must have lost nearly a day on the passage from Galle to Adelaide. Our Melbourne telegram anticipates the arrival of the mail steamer in Hobson's Bay this forenoon. We may therefore expect a delivery in Launceston to-morrow and here on Wednesday morning, giving especially considering the holidays very little time to reply by the mail that closes here for England on Saturday afternoon. MAILS TO GEORGE'S DAY-The people between St. Mary's and George's Bay in particular, and the public generally, will be glad to learn that in the course of the present week the bi-weekly conveyance of mails to and from George's Bay will give place to a more liberal arrangement under which the communication each way will be three times a week, the mail going up the one day and down the other. It will be recollected that when the bi- weekly mail was arranged we. said that it would have been better to make it thrice a week, for to that it would soon have to come. We congratulate the Post Office authorities on having so Been recognised the convenience which more frequent communication must give. We congratulate also the colony on the steady progress of mining enterprise to which the new arrangement bears testimony. In announcing this concession to public convenience it is but fair to say that a good deal of the credit is due to Mr. Page, whose moderate demand for the additional mails did much to remove any hesitation the Post Office Department may have felt. FIRE Between four and five o'clock yesterday afternoon the roof of one of the houses in McShane s buildings in Harrington street was found to be on fire, but with the prompt assistance of some of the residents in the locality, it was speedily extinguished. An after examination discovered that a brick was missing in one of the chimneys, and that the fire, had reached the rafters through the vacant space. CITY COUNCIL-The following business will be considered at the meeting this afternoon Reports from the various Committees, as follows, viz : Public Works : On petition for repairs to footpath north-side of Colville- street. Health : On petition from butchers to remove bones through the city, during ordinary hours of labour. Markets : On application of lessee of Now Market for repairs to skylights Waterworks : On application of C. Mazengarb to be released from payment for a Byphou on his premises. Orders of the Day The question of the recommendation of the Water- works Committee, contained in the report brought up at the last meeting ; the adoption of which was proposed by Mr. Alderman Rheuben, and seconded by Mr. Alderman Green that the sum of £1,620 2s. should be voted for the purchase of appliances for increasing the supply of water to high levels, as connected with the subject of watering the streets. THE MORMON MISSIONARIES, The attendance at the Mormon service held in the Oddfellows' Hall yesterday afternoon numbered about 250 persons. The discourse of Mr. Swan disclosed no new subject, but consisted principally of a repetition of his ideas as to the doom which, he said, awaited the ministers of the Christain Church for their so-called disregard of the ordinances of the early church. The mode in which baptism was administered by these ministers, the speaker said, was a mockery, inasmuch as it should be performed when the recipient had become of age, and then not merely by sprinkling with water, but by total immersion. The argument of the Christian pastors not being inspired was renewed, the missionary stating that they had no authority to baptise in the name of the Father, the Son. and the Holy Ghost. The conclusion was also much of the same character as in previous addresses, the speaker warning his audience of wrath to come, and urging them to accept the greatest boon that could be offered to them, viz., eternal life, as he would lead them to it. BIBLE SOCIETY LorRE -The Rev. R. E. Dear is to lecture at O'Brien's Bridge this evening, on " TI e Bible in Madagascar." CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, RICHMOND This After, noon at 4-30 a tea-meeting is to take place in the Temperance Hall, Richmond, in connection with the first at niversary of the Congregational Church. At 7 o'clock k there is to be a public meeting in the church. FLKASI B : TRIP TO NEW NORFOLK. On Easter Monday (he sent her Monarch will make a pleasure trip to New Norfolk, leaving the wharf at 9 a.m., and New Norfolk at 3.30 p.m. It is also notified that the sea -or will return to New Norfolk on Wednesday, 13th April, and Wednesday, 20th April, and we 1 not race . trip on Good Friday, , BRILLIANT DISPLAY OF JEWELLERY It is seldom that such a display of jewellery and brilliants is to be seen in Hobart Town as has for some days past been exhibited in the windows of Mr. Charles Gaylor, Liverpool-street. In one small case were six rings valued at £700, in one a little larger articles to the value of upwards of £2000 were shown. A packet of brooches, necklaces, earrings, etc, is worth £4000, and these form-but-a portion of the articles which belong to a gentleman from India now here route for England, whose taste as well as wealth is shown in the collection. HOP PICKERS couple of waggon loads of returned hop pickers, presenting a most motley group, drew up in front of the Rock Hotel on Saturday evening, where for a time they were the observed of all observers," the drays loaded with human beings all gesticulating and chattering, and surrounded by a noisy crowd, reminding one of the scenes that used to be very common among our Victorian neighbours when waggons were the " stump " from which worthy politicians used to | harangue the crowds. SAILING BOAT RACE The competition between first-class boats for the prize of £5 offered by the Derwent Sailing Club came off on Saturday afternoon. The boats were Nightmare, J. Turner ; Corsair, Wright Brothers ; Fleetwing, Atkins. The time fixed for the start was half-past two, but it was three o'clock before the boats got away, a strong southerly wind blowing. The Corsair and the Nightmare went away with the lead, but the Fleet wing very soon passed them ; the Corsair followed her up, but, before reaching the first buoy, gave up, the contest being thus left to the other two boats. Running back the Nightmare gained slightly on the Fleetwing, and reduced the distance between them a little more going down. At the last buoy the Fleetwing was 150 yards ahead, and having got round well, she got the wind and was carried in but the Nightmare was becalmed, and that all chance of winning. The race was finished by twenty minutes past five. WALKING MATCH A walking match took place on Saturday afternoon on the New Town Road between the 3rd and 4th mile stone, between Messrs. Best and R. Young. The distance was three miles. Best started off with a lead of six or seven yards, and although Young made several game efforts to come up with him, yet he never diminished the gap, and gave up about a third of a mile from the goal, Best finishing fresh. Young stated that he was seized with cramp in one of his legs soon after the I start. SUBJECT TO FITS. An old woman named Bridget Lilly fell down in Liverpool- street on Saturday night in a fit. She was removed to the hospital by the police, and remained there till yesterday morning, when she recovered, and was discharged. ROYAL SOCIETY-The monthly meeting of the Royal Society will be held to-morrow evening, at half-past 7 o'clock. His Excellency the Governor is to deliver an inaugural address. DEBATING AND LITERARY ASSOCIATION.-The annual meeting of this association will be held in St. John's schoolroom, Macquarie-street, this evening, at half-past 7. SCENE AT A COFFEE STAND. Proprietor to coloured soldier : " Be kind enough to take a seat over at that little table in the corner. " Coloured warrior: " Dat's all right. During de rebellion I used to squat on one dead brigadier general and stand my coffee pot on another. I ain't always pertickler. Gimme some more sugar." 