MISCELLANEOUS. A new Church Society has been established under the designation of the 'Society of the Holy Crosp.' The Rev. Mr. Maoonochie, of St. Albans. i3 'the DrinciDal. and the RituaUstaiare its chief supporters. Ihe Bishop of Scdor and Man has resigned, and the bishopric will probably be abolished and associated with a new Bishopric of » iyerpool, formed by a subdivision of the present Diocese of Chester. The Pan- Anglican Syrod will not be held at Lambeth until 1878. Many colonial Bishops have premised to attend, including the Bishops of Sydney, Melbourne, Wellington, and Bris bane. Preaching at 8r. Paul's Church, Preston, the Bit hop of Manchester reviewed the past 50 years of ecclesiastical history. He spoke with signi ficance of the abolition of the Test, Corporation, and other Aote, profoundly deplored the schism of the Wesleyan body, wbich would not have occurred had the energy been as active and eaer eetic as now, and regretted the want cf harmony in the Church. His Lordship has since, on another occasion, expressed his gratification at hearing that daring a recent engagement of Mr. Irving, 1,700 persons had been present at his Shsktpearian impersonations. Mr. Gladstone, in reply to a request th*t he would deliver an address ' On the Catholic faith, as opposed to the Rationalistic views and ten dencies £0 strongly prevailing,' has replied that he is constantly in receipt of so many applica tions to deliver ecclesiastical addresses that he must necessarily decline them all. Korthunberland is to be constitute! into a separate di-cese from Durham. The Bishop sives up £1,500 out cfhis £8,0-i0, and a canoary worth £1,000 a year, towards the £3,500 required. The Admiralty have given instnic'ions that experiments shall be made with New Zealand oca], to ascertain how far it is suitable for burn ing in the engines of men-of-war on the Aus tralian Station. Commodore Hoskins has been directed to rerort upon it A monument is to be raised in seme con spicuous place at Portsmouth in memory of tnose who peruhed on board the Thunderer on tbe 14th July. Subscriptions amounting to £8, COC have been received for the widows and orphans; about £14,000 is required altogether to meet tbe necessities of the case. Twenty-four widows, 51 orphans-, and 26 other relatives, besides some of the maimed sufferers, are thrown on the public generosity. Government has given a pension of £100 to the widow of the chief enjaceer, and a gratuity of a year's pay to 15 widows and three mothers of the stokers killed. Admiral Sir Hastings Yelverton, G.C.B., has replaced Sir Alexander Milne at the Admiralty '*8 First Lord. Captain Frank Thomson, late in command of the Challenger, has been appointed flag captain to Sir A. C. Key, on the North-American Station, and will have the Bellerophon, 15 screw ircn ship, armour-plated. The late captain, Hugh Campbel1, succeeds the Prince of Leiningen on Her Majesty's yacht Victoria and Albert The paddle-wheel bteamer Virago, well known on the Australian Station, is being broken up at Chatham. An order has been issued from the Horse Guards reviving the practice of cheering when charging an enemy. The 2cd Battalion of tbe 6th Fusiliers have been exercised in charging and cheering on Wooiwich Common in presence of many thousands of spectators. The 81-ton gun was tested at Shooburyness oa Wednesday in the presence of a large number of military officials. With an elevation of seven degrees the shot first grazed tho ground about 4,600 yards off, and then ricochetted for several xtiilep. A number of shots were fired, and at the 4,500 yards they scarcely deviated a yard from the direct lir.e. The experiment wa3 regarded 89 most tati'factory. Ashore, tho effects were not pleasic:*. Many windows were broken, and the plate-glass front of a shop, a quarter of an inch thick, was broken 350 yards off. A Urge gate was also burst open, the padlock being broken by tho force of ihe shock. The recoil of the gun was enly 21 feet, and ihe carriico answered admirably. Yesterday the experiments were renewed, and a sandbag wall was raised to deaden the shock on tbo bi-le of the village, but the effects were teariy the samo as on Wednes day. A tcur of an unusual kind has lately been made. A gentleman engaged a train of Pall man cars, including drawiiig-room, dining, aud sleeping, and having invited a party of about twenty -five ladies and g-.ntlemen has male a tour on tbe midland system as far as tho High land?. The trip was a most enjoyable one, no hotels being required, and the party being most comfortable. Amongst the addresses delivered at the British Association meeting at Glasgow were papers read by SirWm. Thompson, who presided ia the Physical and Mathematical Department, atd by the Duke of Argvle on the Physical Structure of the Highlands in connection with tbeir Geological History. In the Antbropologisal s'ectioD, presided over by Mr. Russeli Wallace, Profestor Barrett read a paper on Spiritualism, which gave rise to an animated discussion, in which Dr. Carpenter took part In the Geo er8phical Section, with Capt. Evans, R.N., as Chairman, Commander Lcvett Cameron, C.B., read a paper on Africa. The Association will meet at Plymouth next year, and at Dublin in 1578, A proposed Socialist Congress of students is talked of, but no place of meeting is fixed. Garibaldi has taken it up, and has called upon the youth of France to rise against clericalism, which he styles the 'morbus of modern society.' The Associated Chambers of Commerce have been holding their meetings at Bristol; Mr. Sampson Lloyd, M.P., In the chair. A duius :ion took place on the neutralization of the Suez Canal. A resolution was carried approving of the purchase of the shares by the Government, and an opinion was expressed that it wa3 not desirable to place it under an International Com mission. Profe6sor Ray Lankester has written to the Timts exposing some tricks of Dr. Slade, a ' medium' who is much patronised in London. It is proposed to prosecute Slade for obtaining money under false pretences, and his friends are taking measures for his defence. Peters, the second mate of the Strathmore, has been presented with a medal by the Board of Trade. A duel has been fought between two British officers in Belgium. Pistols were used, and neither being injured at tbe first fire, the seconds declined to allow the affair to proceed. Both the principals will shortly appear in the Divorce Court, the one, a baronet's only son, as plaintiff, the other as co- respondent 8mallpox has broken out with great virulence at Blackburn and also in Derbyshire. The Rev. Mr. Berry, a Roman Catholic priest, died through attending patients at Blackburn, and his funeral was attended by ministers of all denominations, the line of route being crowded with sympathizing spectators. Hospital Saturday collection was not a great success. , , , The Keigbly Guardians have been released on bail, and en recchin? home the populace took the horses out of their carriage and drew them in triumph. . . A cremation apparatus is being erected at Gotha. No bodies will be cremated until the police are thoroughly satisfied of the causes of death. A bust of Charles Kingsley has lwen unveQed in Westminster Abbey. A subscription is being raised on behalf of Henry Kingslej's family, and Australian contributions are invited. Sir Walter and Lady James have given a park, valued at £12,000, to the inhabitants of J arrow. The receipts for the Birmingham Musical Fes tival amounted this year to £15,160. Fifteen thousand persons attended the performances in tbe aggregate, and the results are considered as affording abundant cause for congratulation. A rifle match of a novel character has come off at Nuneaton. A number of ladies, some belonging to the leading families in the neigh bourhood, competed for prizes. Some of the ladies exhibited great skill. * The American schooner Newport, bound for New York, was boarded when eight days from shore by a gentleman, who gave his name as Charles Mathieson, and was navigating a deoked beat, 16 feet lone. He said he ~ns& on his way to England with' a lady, with whom he had eloped. The Sheffield School Board have accepted a tender for a treat Central School, designed to form a connecting link bttwoen the common f eh oob and the higher schools, to whioh the children of the poor ficd it nearly impossible to obtain admission. Is is the fust experiment of the kind in the United Ehigdom. A large torchlight profession was held on Plumstead Common on the 11th, to celebrate the granting of a Petition of Right which claims the lefctrainisg of the Secretary of War from ex ercisiDg trocps on the Common. Ten thousand persons were present. The cutlers' annual feast at Sheffield on the 7th was a brilliant success. Tha Duke of Norfolk, Lord Hartington, and many other persons of distinction were guests of the Com pany. Tbe Braes of Derwent foxhounds have all had to be destroyed in consequence of being attacked by hydrophobia. Building operations at the new National Opera House on the Thames embankment ore tem porarily suspended. It is not likoly that the edifice will be completed for the next ceason. At a meetintr on the Bulgarian atrocities in the Edgware-road, a Mr. Mann created muoti amusement by protesting against any resolutions condemning them, on the ground that a greater atrocity was being perpetrated in this country — to wit, the detention of the Claimant in custody. Cavendith College. Cambridge, is to be formally opened by the Duke of Devonshire on the 26th October. Sir S. Northcote, Lord Sandon. Mr. W. Forster, and others will atteod. An instance of superstition is mentioned in the Postmaster-General's report for 1875. A wali letter-box was erected in a village in the West of Ireland, but no one could be found to under take the duty of collecting the letters in conse quence of a general belief among the poor iu the vicinity that ' a ghost went out nightly on pa rade.' The ghost was stated to be a large white turkey without a head! Amongst the things transmitted through the Post-Office during the 5 ear were leeches, tnails, egge, white mice, a sparrow, two snakes, a crayiish, and a dog. The Jews are said to be returning in large numbers to Palestine. The Hebrew population of Jerusalem has doubled within the last ten y ear?,and instead of inhabiting the worst parts of the city they are ready to rent any house that is to let. An aquarium and winter garden havebaen i :«??.«?'? :tt Great Yarmouth by Lord Suffield. ': h.. ..;c aiv.m is 430 feet long aud 100 wide. Olu is j rejected at Birmingham, and one ba3 been opened at Rhyl. Stokes, the witness in tbe Wainwrigbt case, has had proceedings taken against him by a friend of that murderer, for obtaining goods under false pretences. The prosecution failed, and in his business as a brushmaker he has become bankrupt An application is being made by his friends to the Treasury for pecuniary assistance on account of 'important public services.' Weather prophets assert that we shall have much snow, fro.-t, and fog during tbe ensuing winter. Some slight frosts have already been felt, 6Dow has Iain on the Grampians, and we have had thick fogs this week in London. Emigration from the Mersey is still on the decline; 7,990 perrons left Liverpool daring August — a falling off of 1,192 over July. Clopbam Common, comprising 220 acres, has been purchased by the Enclosure Commissioners for £18,000, and is to be dedicated to tho use and recreation of the public for ever. A new college, costing £40,000 has been opened at Rotherham. It was built by tho Independent body for higher educational purposes. Mr. R. M. Carter, late M.P. for Leeds, has filed his petition, with liabilities £15,OCO. An International Flower Show has been hold at Dundee. Prizes were given to the value of over £1,000, and competitors wont from all parts of the country, including London nurserymen. The CoDgreEs of Sericulturisia will hold its sixth session in Paris in 1878. A quantity of treasure is said to have been discovered on the Columbian coast, and is sup pesed to have been left there by Morgan, the buccaneer. A minster balloon, to accommodate 50 peiEcnp, i3 to be constructed for the Paris Exhibition of 1878. It will be 34 metres in diameter, and will be held captive by an immense rope 550 metres in length. The Conference en International Law is being held at Bremen under the Presidency of Lord O'Hsgan Tbe extradition of criminals is one of the subjects of discussion. Mr. Angerstein's shorthorn herd of Weston Brandon has been disposed of. The cows and heifers realized £5,918, averaging £169, and the bulls brought £2,547, averaging £255. One bull (Duke of Rothesay) was sold to Mr. Sheldon for 2,000 guineas. Among the cows and heifers, Velvet Eyes was Bold to Mr. Loder for 900 guineas, and Wild £yes 32ad to Lord Penryhn for 800 guineas. American meat is still coming over in large quantities to the London market. Oregon and the Western States in the basis of tbe Mississippi are said to be proving formidable rivals to California in the grain trade. The Board of Trade returns for August ^ive tbe value of exports at £17,962,884 as compared with £19,418,876 in the same month last year ; and of imports, £33,818,002 a8ainst £31,200,145. For the eijrbt months of 1876 the import9 were £'^5l,557,£06, compared with £250,505,786 in 1S75; and exports, £133,287,830, against £149,511,844 last year. Very disorderly mutings have come off during tbe month in connection with Home Rale. At Manchester, Mr. O'Connor Power, M.P., eave a lecture in the Free Trade Hall on ' Irish Wit and Humour,' Mr. Biggar, M.P., being in the chair. Mr. O'Connor Power having declined to answer some question put to him by one of the audience, a great uproar ensued, ending in a scene of inceFcribable confusion and a free fi^ht between two factions. Chairs were broken up and used as weapons, and Mr. Biggar, receiving a severe scalp wound during the fray, had to be tuken out of the hall; 300 or 400 chairs wtre smashed, and the organ was injured. At Castlebar, Mr. Power, in addressing his constituents a few days later, strongly con demned mob tyranny and the 'timid policy Mr. Butt had pursued in the presence of the enemies of Ireland.' At a lecture given by Mr. Mulcahy at the Rotunda, Dublin, 'on the 25th, Mr. Butt was declared to bo a traitor to the cause of Home Rule, and Mr. P. J. Smyth wa3 eulogized as a patriot. Some reflections made by tbe lecturer on Cardinal Cullen led to great disorder, in the midst of which the meeting broke up, after the platform bad been invaded and a number of persons hurled from it Lerd Wharncliffe is announced as the bus* cessor to the Duke of Abercorn in the Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland. Cardinal Franche, Prefect of the Propaganda, has been visiting Dublin, and taking part with Cardinal Cullen in several religioua ceremonies. At one of them, Father Burke, the Dominican orator, preached a sermon, in which he com pared the conduct of the British to that of the Bathi-Bazouks in Bulgaria. Mr. P. J. Smjth, M.P.,and othera are forming a Repeal Association, in opposition to Home Rule. The freedom of the City of Dublin waa voted by the Corporation to Mr. Butt on the 4th September, and Alderman Mo3winney intends moving that the vote be rescinded on the ground that Borne Rule i3 an ' imitation,' and not the 'genuine atticle.' A discussion has taken place at the Clare and Limerick Farmers' Club as to the advisability of Irish members only attending the House of Commons during Irish business. Mr. O'Sullivan, M.P,, introduced the resolution, which was re jected. At the Lismore Fanners' Club the Chairman (Mr. John Rice) said that the prospects of tt-n- nt farmers weie very gloomy. Tbe British Association for the advancement of Fcience met at Glasgow on tbe 6th September, under the presidency of Professor Thomas Andrews, of Belfast. Sevoral other scientific Societies also held their meetings in Glasgow. The Glasgow Town Council have offered the freedom of the city to Mr. Cross, the Home Secretary, for his distinguished services in the cause of social and sanitary xaform. The Cor poration wish to coiidr the honour apart from politics altogether. The Dundee whaling float has been very suc cessful in Davis' Straits. Nothing has been heard of the Arctic exploring ships. Captain Adams, of the Arctic, whaler, intended to endeavour to land at Smith's Sound to leave despatches for the Government vessels. The Annual Cattle 8how at Wexford, which tock place on September 6, showed a gr»t falling off in number and quality of atocke The thirteenth annual Conference of the British Pharmaceutical Society was opened at Glasgow on the 5th September, Professor Red wood presiding. There was a large attendance. The general meeting of the Mineralogical Society of Great Britain and Ireland was held at Glasgow on the 6th September. Professor Bcddle, M.D., of St. Andrewe, was in the chair. At a meeting of the Grand Lodge of Free msscss, held at the Freemasoas' Hall on the 6tb, it waa agreed, in order to perpetuate their thankfulness for the safe return of the Prince of Wales?, to vote tbe sum of £6,000' for three scholarships at Oxford, Cambridge, and London Ui ivertitiee. The Corporation of London resolved, by a large majority on Wednesday, to remove Temple Bar. The subject has been under discussion for thirteen months. In consequence of the correspondence that has taken place between the Admiralty and Lloyds, H.M.8. Wolverine has been drected to call at tie Crozet Islands on her way out to Australia. Mr. Martin Farquhar Tuppor leavos in a day or two for America to givo a series of readings from his own works. A monster meeting of Trtde Unionists has been held at Cardiff to ospreas sympathy with the Toff Vale employes, locked out for refusing to break through the nine hours' movement or accept 10 per cent, reduction in wages. Eight hundred men have struck at Matbr jok, Wcodfide, and Newcastle coalpits in conse quence of the masters making a fourth reduc tion in wages. The men offered to accept 5 per cent. Several hundred men nave struck at the Whitehhven Shipbuilding Company's Works, owirg to a reduction of wages, amounting in some cases to 4i 6d. per week. The strike of colliers in South Derbyshire still continues against the 10 per cent, reduction, and ' the position of affairs is somewhat dread ful.' Eight hundred more men struck at Ilkaton, but subsequently resumed work. One thousand hands have been thrown out of employment in consequence of an accident to the machinery of a mill at Macclesfield. Messrs. Manuel & Son, the largest upholRterera in Sheffield, gave notice to their workman to leave, and will only re-employ them on their ceasiDg to be Trade Unionists. Mr. Burt, M.P., having board that many men were leaving the Unions, has made an appeal on bthalf of them, saying it is the worst tiling men can do in such a time of unexampled bad trade. The Trade Union Congress has been sitting at Newcastle. Mr. Laird, the President, in his inaugural address, dwelt upon the three causes of tho present depression of trade, viz., inoreased cost of production of raw materal, inflation of trade and over-production, and foreign com petition. The Speaker of the House of Commons, ad dressing his tenants at Glynde at a harvest home on the 9th, expressed his regret that ecaicely any bad accepted an oiler he made some tine back to invest their savings in tbo farms on which they were employed, and attributed it to tho injurious effects of outdoor relief. The Executive Committee of tho new Farm Labourers' Union have made four purchases of land within twelve months. The laat was valued at £1,700. Sir. Scott, an Edinburgh iron merchant, having received au order for 400 tons of irou girders for a new ttation at Glasgow, is having them manufactured in Belgium, and delivered in Glasgow, as he can have thorn at considerably less cost than he can obtain them in England. Farmers in the Eastern and Midland Counties are giving tbeir labourers notice of Is. a week reduction in wages; 200 have consequently turned out Lilly white's team of cricketora sailed in tho P. & O. Company's steamer Poonah from South ampton on the 21st inst. Before leaving England tho 12 played a match at Chichestor a?a;&st; 18 of that district It lasted throe day?, but tho stumps bad then to be drawn iu conse quence of the intendod departure of tho team. In their first inniugs they made 146, aud in tho *econd 140. The Ephtoen scored 70 in their first innings and 38 in the second, six wicket3 h&vioe; to go down. Trickott sailed for America a fortnight ago with Punch. He will not row in tho States, aud leaves for Australia by tho outgoing mail from San Francisco on the 11th October. He received the £100 stakes lodged by Lumsden, but uot the £100 bet. A handsome (silver cup, worth over 200 guineas, was presented to him by Mr. Chis. Bush, a well-known patron of boatracing. Tho boat in which he rowed Sadler, as aiso tho one in which he was to have rowed Lumsden, hare been sent to Sydney. At tLo Philadelphia regatta on the 5th September the first heat for a pair of oars was won by Green aud Thomas, of London, but a Boston boat won the final heat In tho final four- cared shell race between the Thamos crew, of London, and a Halifax crew, of Nova Scotia, a foul occurred, and tho decision, first given in favour of the latter, was finally adjudged to tbo former. The London crew complained of unfair treatment. Professor Cavill has posponod until next year tbe renewal of bis attempt to swim across tho Channel. Captain Webb had criticised his first attempt, and in replying to it Cavill pointed out that in ll.| hours he was as near the French coast as Captain Webb wa3 after being 20 hours in the water. A prize-fight between Joe Goas and Tom Allen has come off in America, tho stikos being 5,C0O dollars. The combatants were interrupted by the Militia in the first instance, and when the fight was renewed elsewhere, the police interfered. Goss was much bruised and Allen scarcely marked. The latter and several others have been arrested and sent to prison. Several bicycle feats have been accomplished during the past month. On the 2nd September there was a race for £50, at Lillie Bridge, be tween Stanton and Camillo Thuillet, the French champion. The distance was 44 miles, and the race was won by Stanton by 20 yards. Stanton's time, 3b, 14m. 8 ses. ; Thuillet's, 3L 14m. 10 tece. Stanton has also raced Keen for the championship and £100, at Lillie Bridge. The latter was victorious, Stanton retiring after doing 29 miles out of the 50. Keen's time for 30 miles was the beBt on record, viz.. lh. 48m. 23 sees. Thuillet has since ridden 650 miles ia six consecutive dayB of 12 hours each, and Frank White has done 600 in the same time. Two gentlemen of King's Lynn rode, on the 2nd Sep tember, 205 miles in 22 consecutive hours. Partridge shooting, whioh commenced on the ? let, has been very successful. The Prince of Wales came from Scotland to see the St. Leger run at Doncaster on the 15th inst He was the guest of Mr. C. Sykes. The betting was 2 to 1 on Kisber, who, however, only came in a bad fourth, Petrarch being first' Obituary.— The Earl of Leven and Mehille, aged 72; Bir James Campbell, Kt, of Glasgow, aged 77; General Martin des Pailliurea, one of the heroes of Bazeflles and tbe Army cf tbe Loire; Mr. Justice Quain, of tbe Queen's Banch; Mr. George 8mith, of Assyrian exploration repu tion; Major-General H. Willoughby Trevelyan, C.B.; Count Aueeperg, aged 70 (well known by his pseudonym of Anastasius Grin);. Lord Ardmillan, one of tbe Jttdge3 of Court of Session, aged 71 ; Sir Jamct H. Burnett, Bart., aged 75; Sir Homa Gordon, Bart, aged 58; Rev. Lord George Oaborn Town, fbend, aged 75; General Cabrera; Mr. P. D. Hadow, Chairman of tbe P. t O. Company; Countess Poulett, aged 38; Father Perrone, the JeBuit Rector of the Roman University, and reputed author of the a Syllabus,' aged 82; Dr. Sibcon, F.R.S-; Major-General Sir Thos. Beaton^ K.C.B ; Viscount Gorm&tatoun; General Bragg,, of Confederate notoriaty; Dr. E. F. Ricabault. — 