Primitive Methdist Church Anlver- sary, Moonta Mines. As already intimated the anniversary ser- ; vices of this Church were held on Sunday and Monday last, three sermons being preached by rhe Rev. Mr. Goodwin, of Adelaide. On the Monday one of those hearty social festivals which have become thoroughly acclimatised on the Moonta Mines was held, when a great number of guests experienced the hospitable attentions of the ladies who had taken charge of the tables. These were MeHdames Martin ana Trenary, Mrs. Peters and Miss Osborne, Miss WiHnirg and Mrs. Harris, Mesdames Kemp and Lloyd, Mesdames Osborne and Stephens, and Mrs. and Miss Polgreen. The public meeting opened with the usual formularies about seven p.m., when H. R. Hancock, Esq., Superintendent of the Moonta Mines, was invited to take the chair by the Rev. J. G. Wright. The CHAIRMAN'S speech appropriately introduced the business. He had had the hrnor of presiding on many previous occasions, and should not therefore feel bound to occupy much^pf their time. It was a matter of delight that they had on Moonta Mines three very large and beautiful ^churcheB in which, as lie "believed, the Gos- ^PIBLas declared in its purity. But it was a maiLer of regret that their successes as Churches had not been greater during the past year, yet they should be thankful for that which had been accomplished. With respect to financial matters, judging by his past knowledge of them, he expected to find they were in a successful position. He called upon Mr. JOHN STEPHENS, the Secretary, to present the report. This was done, and showed that the income during the past year had been £98G Is. 9d., including a loan of £667 4s. ; and the expenditure £1,019 19s. 2^d.. including the payment of a loan of £717 4s. Since the return had been made up there had been a further receipt of seatrents which left the difference between the income and expenditure much less than the £33 17s. 3Jd. indicated by the totals. The CHAIRMAN then introduced the Rev. R. W. Campbell, remarking that perhaps he would have something to say respecting Apostolic Succession. The Rev. Mr. CAMPBELL said he thought that the Chairman had hit upon a very happy word when he said that perhaps he (the speaker) would give something about Apostolic Succession. He would not venture personally to say what that something would be. He should leave it to be determined by the course he might happen to take. They must allow him to use the privelege of the Irishman who was reported to have said that ^he wished to make a remark before he began. ^Laughter.) He wished to say in the out- Bet that he had sufficient knowledge of the subject he had to speak upon to admit that it was an utter impossibility to crowd a full synopsis of the question into the short space of time that could be allotted to him that evening; and consequently he would have to compress his remarks so that they would be necessarily of a very disjointed character, par-king them closely, and using as little verbiage as possible. He felt that it onght to be fairly understood before lie said another word that in this matter he was contending for a principle. He had not in any sense of the word set himself in opposition to any man, nor had he. been actuated in the remotest sense by the considerations or emotions of personal antagonism. Nothing of the kind had been present to his mind throughout the controversy that had taken place. He had adopted the sentiment of St. Paul, who said " If after the manner of men I have fought with beasts at Ephesus, what ad vantageth it me if the dead rise not." He would scorn to persevere if he had not felt that he had been contending for that wtflch was of vital moment in conne&tion; with nnr holy Christianity. (Applause.) And he would dc^/mc himself for taking advantage of mere collateral circumstances ; or if he made an unrighteous use of personal ability, or the want of ability on the part of those he was opposed to, if by any such means as those he hoped to silence those who had truth on their side. He was persuaded of this, that truth would live and flourish when all controversialists were lying quietly in their graves ; and so far as he was conccrnei it mattered little which side won so long as truth was conserved. (Applause.) There was another thing he would say—that he freely and fully acknowledged that he could recognise the majority of the clergy of the Anglican Church as true ministers of the Lord Jesus Christ, and many of them as doing a very great work in the world, and doing a work in a sphere and among people that he would freely admit himself and his brethren as Methodist Ministers had no opportunity of reaching. And whilst making that admission respecting those said to be in the true succession, and of those among them who were waiting and"lo"king for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, he wished it to be distinctly understood that he was as firmly persuaded that there were many among the clergy, who had been legally ordained by the consecrating hands of bishops, who were no more ministers of the Lord Jesus Christ than they were ministering angels before the throne of God. (Applause) He would now in as concise a manner as possible put the aspects of this question as they were given by the authorities of the Anglican Church. There were three salient points which involved all the minor points. In the first place your true successionists contended that the modern bishops occupied the position and held the authority of the Apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ, and were to all intents and purposes simply and purely apostles, just as were St. Peter and St. Paul. Second, that modern bishops were the guardians and overseers over the inferior order of piesbyters. The third point was that the bishops alone had the power to ordain ministers and consacrate church property, and to fully receive children into the Church of Christ. As a sequence to that third position, the successionists assumed that all who were not officially received by them into their church will be left outside the Church of Christ, and lacking that reception were left to the uncovenanted mercies of God. They took that position into their viewH of the Lutherian Church, and of that grand old church, the Church of Scot- land—than which a holier and more devoted Church never existed ; and also of all the great bodies comprised in the Methodist ^hurch, by whatever name they may be ^Billed. Their view was that those were not Wthe churches of Christ, ar.d that all who belonged to them were guilty of the sin of schism, legally separated from the provisions of His cross. Now if the Presbyterians, and the Lutherans, and the Methodists in England had succeeded in carrying over with them into their own camps a bishop, then they would have been within the lists of Apostolic Succession, for th-it bishop would have been able to have ordained other bishops ; and thus the whole lot of those now deemed schismatics would have been in a fair way of getting into heaven ! But he did not think they would have been able to carry off a bishop—they were not the right kind of men to be very easily carried off; they did not become bishops until they were tolerably well Fettled down to their positions, and he was prone to think that the episcopal nest was very softly lined, and it would be a very difficult thing indeed to take a man from hia warm neat I and put him where he would find only bard ( living, hard work, and very poor worldly ' results. So that practically the deliverance of the successionists in relation to the English-speaking people who were outside the Episcopal Church amounted to this — " Your faith is vain, ye are yet in your sins and are guilty of rebellion against God because you refuse to honor and reverence His ordinances and maintain His divine institutions." Now, folly estimating the gravity of these assumptions, and actuated by a sincere desire to know the truth—with a desire as sincere, as simple, and as honest as any desire to be found in the breast of any Churchman living—he would examine and call their attention to these three points. F'rst, his position was that the Apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ had no successors. Let thi m rightly understand him—he meant in the sense in which his opponents used the words. The offices ot the Apostles were extraordinary and were created with a view to meet the exigencies of extraordinary times. It being the greatest office, it included all others. They were at one and the same time bishops, presbyters, and elders, taking within themselves all the minor offices of the Christian Church. In the 6ense only of having performed that work they had successors, and their successors were the men who "worked as they did for the Church and their Master. The times of the Apostles were such as demanded an extraordinary provision ; they were times of revolution and change, when the spirit of the whole world had to be overcome, and laid before the cross of Christ. They were spoken of as men li who had turned the world upside down," and it was added in consternation, and " are come hither also." In support of his assertion that the Apostles had no successors to the apostolic office he would quote St. Paul's definition of his mission, as given in the I Cor., 3c., 10v.— " As a wise master builder I have laid the foundation and another bnilideth thereon. But let every man take heed how hebuildeth therupon." Now. they could have only one set of foundition-bui'.ders, unless they went upon the theory that the materials upon which we built our Christianity weie perishable materials, and had to be refurnished by human agency. But thatr'idea that we must go down and interfere with the foundations of our faith was uiterly opposed to the principle contained in that well-known passage in Eph. 2c., 20v.. where, speaking of the Christian Church, it said—" And are built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, .Tesus Christ Himself being the chief corner stone." He would also call attention to this further fact in connection with the succession to the office of an apostle. St. aul 'challenged the world to investigate his claims to his position and authority. He declared to the Corinthian Church—•' Truly the signs of an apostle, were wrought among you in all patience, in signs, and wonders, and mighty deeds." (II Cor., 12c., 12v.) If he went to the modern pretenders to the apostolic office, he challenge them to produce their credentials. If they claimed to occupy the extraordinary position and office that the Apostles occupied—an office that lapsed when the special work for which it was created was finished—he must demand that they should give proof of the genuineness of their claims; they must dernonsirate their right to the apostolic office and its supernatural power by " signs and wonders and mighty deeds." (Applause.) Let them call to mind the passage in the Epistle to the Romans, where St. Paul, speaking of what he had wrought and of his apostleship, had said " Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God" he had preached the Gospel of Christ. He (Mr. Campbell) demanded that in like manner those who claimed the true and direct succession should exhibit the marks of their apostl^ship, and should raise the dead, unstop the deaf ears, and pour the light of day into the eyes of the blind. I^sfc Liiem snow ineir gilts so that in these days, when the spirit of scepticism threatened and did its best to overthrow Christianity, the way for the Gospel might be made smooth and its path clear. Then, and not till then, would he admit their claim to be true successors of the Apostles of the Lord -Tesus Christ. (Applause ) If they would do that, he himself would at once seek episcopal ordination, and he would then acknowledge that his ordination as a Methodist Minister, which came from as holy a presbytery as ever walked on God's fair earth, was altogether null and void. (Applause.) Having said so much about the Apostolic office, he would leave that point to those who a-sumed that they held it, only stating that if what he had said did not satisfy them, he was prepared to give them other matter not so easily disposed of. (Applause.) The second point was that bishops were a superior order of clergy, or that they were the guardians of, or the chiefs over, an inferior order of ministers. Let it be understood at the very outset that he was not contending against the existence and presence in the order of personal worth, talents, or mental superiority. That they could understand, and it was a different matter altogether. In every church there were men who came to the front, and who were naturally fitted to take upon their shoulders the burthen of official honors, and connexional drudgery.—for th( y went together, as many of them had good reason to know. (Hear, hear.) But this assumption of the successionists, let them mark, was that there were two orders in the Christian Ministry—a superior and an inferior order ; and that the inferior order of ministers had no authority to perform the functions that were assumed by the superior order. They contended for this distinction of bishops and presbyters. He fully admitted that the Greek title " Episkopos" meant guardian, overseer, superintendent : but he asked the question whether the superintendence and guardianship was over an inferior order of ministers or over the whole church of God ? In the 20th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles there was a passage which bore directly upon the point, and which showed that bishops and presbyters were identical, that they were synonymous terms, and referred to one order of ministers and one order only, and that St. Paul used the titles bishop and presbyter exchangably, using sometimes the one and sometimes the other. This was it—" And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the Church. • " • Take heed therefore unt-o yourselves and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which He hath purchased with His own blood." Now he would remark in reference to this passage that anyone who could spell out the sentence in Greek knew that the titles "elders," ''presbuteroi," and " overseer" in this chapter were in the Greek " bishops"—"episkopoi." They would see that St. Paul sent for the presbyters of the Church at Ephesus, and ended by addressing them as the bishops of the Church at Ephesus. So they had thus two clearly-stated facts, that the preachers at Ephesus were regarded by St. Paul both as presbyters and bishops and that they were overseers or bishops over the Church. And let them mark the peculiarity — this occurred in reference to one" little church, in one city, evidencing clearly that the distinctions now set up were the product of modern times, for the modern theory of Episcopacy would not allow of more than one bishop in a diocese. But St. Paul sent for the bishops, jthe whole body of 0 n«pel ministers, to whom was collectively applied the two titles of presbyters and bishops. (Applause.) He would now leave that point also, merely adding that there were other passages in the Pauline letters which conclusively showed that there was no official distinction as between bishops and presbyters, which proved al so that the bishops and presbyters were set over the Church of God, and that broke down the whole assumption that there was a superior order of clergy set over an inferior order. He now came to the most Important point of the three—that was the dogma held by his opponents that there was an uninterrupted succession from the apostles down to modern times. Their idea was this, that they had received their authority to preach the Word and administer the Sacraments because there had been an unbroken line of consecrating hands from the time of the Apostles down to our day, and that thus had been conveyed the apostolic authority and grace for the due conservation and support of our holy Christianity. But if it could be shown that there was but one gap in that line, then that authority most clearly would be at an end. (Hear, hear.) If one generation had passed when that succession was not maintained, then it was quite obvious that dogma was of no value. (Applause.) If. he repeated, this could be shown, then all their claims were null and void, and they possessed no true authority, no true relation to the apostolic power, and could not command our respect. And coming as they did with such assumption of authority, they must stand prepared to prove that the whole line of consecrators stood clearly and distinctly unbroken, not alone in the matter of persons, but also in the moral influence of the person who occupied for the time being the place of a link in the succession. And if they discovered that there was a gap the whole fabric fell to the ground. Until they < id prove the unbrokin line, he for one was not prepared to admit their assumption, or yield to them the authority they claimed. (Applause.) But fair and softly about the unbroken ecclesiastical chain of succession. In 1870 among the first evangelical preachers of the Gospel, there appeared in Rome, after her gates had been thrown open to the Gospel by Victor Emanuel, a Methodist preacher, who, like one who spoke before him, stood in the pate and said.—"I am ready to preach the Gospel to you that are at Rome also : for I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto Salvation." In connection with that minister, the Rev. Mr. Pigott, there had been a number of Italian preachers at work, and at this moment they were working in the old city, preaching the Gospel to a people that had long sat in darkness, Now Cerelli, one of these Italian preachers, was in the habit of publishing the subjects of the discourses he was about to deliver in the newspapers ; and on one occasion his thesis was an attack on a fundamental principle of the Romish Church, to wit, that St. Peter never was at Rome. Their whole system was built upon the dogma that he was twenty-five years at Rome, and that he consecrated bishops to succeed him. Now if it was once proved that St. Peter never was at Rome, then the whole system went to the ground with a crash. This announcement in the heart of " the eternal city" could of course be regarded as nothing more nor less than a direct challenge. No sooner was the preacher in the pulpit than he was met by three priests for discussion. The minutes of that discussion vveretaken, and their Aithenticity was endorsed by the presidents of the meetings. It might be questioned whether theie could be produced an equal number of men with equal ability, casuistry, and learning to take up such a challenge ; but notwithstanding all their dogged determination in defence of this to them vital point, they signally failed to establish their positions, or Hint St. Peter had ever been in Rome for even ten minutes. (Applause.) It was therefore plain that the very first link in the chain was wanting. (Renewed applause.) He did not want to travel down through the tangled maze of the Romish apostacy ; he need not appeal to the breaks in the chain caused by her immorality, her schism ; there was no proof that the first link in the chain had ever exisred. How did the Church of Rome assure itself that it built its ecclesiastical succession and line of Romish bishops upon an apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ? He might be told that if not St. Peter then St. Paul was there, and started the line. He would admit that he was there, but St. Paul recognized the existence of the Church at Rome years before he visited the city as a healthy and vigorous church. There was nothing about the letters of the Apostle Paul to warrant the idea that he started the line of succession. His (Mr. Campbell's) opinion was that the Church at lloma was started by laymen, imbued with the Holy Spirit received on the day of Pentecost, who spread themselves over the land, and that no apostle had anything to do with founding the Church of Rome. And until they could convince him to the contrary, he should hold to the view that they had no authority to usurp, either in the Church of Rome or in the Anglican Church, the power of saying to other religionists—You are not a Church of Christ and you are not Ministers of the Gospel." (Applause.) Now he would ask this question. Supposing for the sake of argument that he admitted that there was a scriptural warrant for that doctrine—and only supposing it, because he did not admit it at all : for argument's sake he admitted it, he would ask of what practical value was it 1 There were only three Churches who were admitted by the successionists to have the right to hold the dogma—the Greek Church, the Romish Church, and the Anglican Church. If the possession of a true apostolicai succession had any real value, those Churches ought to have shown it; they ought to have been united together as with a three-fold cord, which could noi be broken ; they should have possessed unity of spirit in the bond of peace ; they should have existed in perfect love with one another ; and standing side by side in mutual defence, they should have warred against the powers of sin and Satan, and led each other on the way to Heaven. But what were the actual facts of the case ? Why for centuries those Church had been fighting what he might perhaps fitly call a triangular duel, blazing away at each other with all their hearts, and fulminating decrees and curses with very conspicuous energy. It was true that the Church of England and the Greek Church did not exhibit such active antagonism, and did not shoot each other, but that was simply because they were out of range, rather than because there was any sympathy between them; and perhaps also because there had bijen nothing to excite special enmity or envy. But both of those Churches blazed at their apostolical sister the Church of Rome with a most orthodox and most murderous intent, and she, the lady of the Seven Hills, returned the shots with interest. So it would be seen that three holy apostolic plants, conserved and watered by apostolic successors, had for ages exhibited a most unedifying determination to destroy each other from off the face of the earth 1 And yet each claimed to possess the apostolic spirit and a true succession to the Apostles 1 (Applause.) The profession of the dogma, however, did not preserve them in unity themselves nor serve to maintain an unity of faith. The Church of England man would admit that the Church of Rome had the true apostolic succession, and that its ministers were duly ordained ; but would he admit the acts and powers of those ministers 1 Would he admit the power of the priest to pray men out of purgatory, saint-worship, auricular confession, and transubstantiation, as taught by those priests? All these were the doctrines of the Romish Church, and were denounced by the English Church to an extent limited only by her ability. (Applause.) There was neither unity nor sympathy in faith or aims characterising those three Churches; and if that was the practical outcome of the doctrine of the true apostolical succession, if that was all its value, then he would say " let us toss it aside as wc would cast aside a dry, whithered weed, which is utterly valueless." He would not like to sit down without referring to another matter. Perhaps they would ask him—Do you believe in apostolic succession in any sense ? To that he would reply in the affirmative. He believed in it as preached by St Paul, when he was giving his final direction to young Timothy (II Timothy, 2nd chapter)—" And the things which thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also." That was the succession he believed in—a succession of truth and purify." The things which thou hast heard among many witnesses, commit thou to faithful men," to men who should be able to teach others. So that he contended the succession was to be determined by the ability to teach, the ability to exercise spiritual gifts. Let them bring forward men. who had not a practical knowledge of the power and blessedness of Gospel truth, and though thev might have been ordained by the consecrating hands of the Archbishop of Canterbury himself, he (Mr. Campbell) boldly affirmed that those men were not in the apostolic succession. (Applause.) If such men were unchristian in their actions or impure in their lives, then they were not, according to the teaching of St. Paul, in the true apostolic succession. He (the speaker) firmly believed in such a succession. All his point was here—that no Church on earth, he did not care how perfect he organization, how ample her records, could prove a succession other than that, thus taught by St Paul himself ; and no Church on earth, no matter how exalted, or how spiritual, had the power to make a Minister of the Lord Jesus Christ. He asserted that no body of men in the world could make such a minister. They might make a Minister of the Church of England, or of the Wesleyan or the Primitive Methodist Church, and such a man might have legal status in his church ; hut they could not make a Minister of the Gospel. A Minister of the Lord Jesus Christ was not made with the laying on of hands. That had been done in many Churches, and there were melancholy instances of its ineffectiveness. There were unhappily too many drunkards who Ceroid attest to that fact, too many whose acts were alien to the principles of justice, truth, and honor, too many who had not the ghost of a living faith in the Master they professed to serve. (Applause.) He would not wish them to suppose that he cast contempt upon the ordination which he and his fellowministers had received ; }ie believea it to be scriptural, and worthy their highest respect ; but what he did say was this, that the ordination to which he had voluntarily submitted himself was not that which had made him a minister of the Gospel. Years before that, and before the ordaining hands were laid upon his head, he was a minister unto God ; and his relations to God were not one whit altered by that act of consecration. He valued his ordination as the recognition of the Church which he loved, the Church in which he was born to God, and for whose interests ho intended to devote his ntrenptli through, life. He vainer! it as its credential to go forth and proclaim the Word and administer the sacraments : "but the work of making him a minister of the Lord Jesus Christ began years before, b 'fore he ever stood in a pulpit. It was on a lone evening, on the side of a mountain, and when he was perhaps fifty miles away from any other human creature, that the Spirit of God came down, and the conviction was inwrought which had never left him, tilling him—" You must go forth and preach the Gospel." (Loud applause). All he had to say to his opponents was " peace be with you. and may the light of heaven fall upon } T ou and all you teach ; but if you refuse our claims to consideration, or deny the scriptural nature of our ordination, then I am not, the man to give way, or to quietly permit the just claims of the true ministry to be ignored. They may beat me but they will never drive me from the field ; they may knock me down but I will ne^errun away !" (Applause.) He thought he remembered a hymn in the Wesleyan Hymn-book which would give his view of Apostolic Succession, which he would recite :— The Saviour, when to heaven He rose, In splendid triumph o'er His foes, Scatter'd His gifts on men below, And wide His royal bounties flow. Hence sprung the' Apostles' honour'd name Sacred beyond heroic fame : In lowlier forms, before our eyes, Pastors from hence, and teachers rise. From Christ their varied gifts derive. And fed by Christ their graces live : While guarded by His mighty hand, 'Midst all the rage of hell they stand. So shall the bright succession run : Through the last courses of the sun ; While unborn churches by their care Shall rise and flourish large and fair. Jesus, now teach our hearts to know The spring whence all these blessings flow ; Pastors and people shout Thy praise Through the long round of endless days. The rev. gentleman resumed his seat with -arm demonstrations of approval of his sentiments. The Rev. Mr. GOODWIN (of Adelaide) delivered an excellent and appropriate address, commencing with an eulogy of the preceding speech. Among other things lie said he had been impressed with seeing so large a number of young persons of both sexes present in the congregations and at that meeting, and he expressed the hope that they were begining to have a thoughtful appreciation of their relation to the Church and to its spheres of labor. He looked upon it as a duty on the part of every Church member to become so far educated in a knowledge of the principles of their profession as to be able to answer for the grounds of their belief. The warfare between truth and error was not yet over, and the battle might yet wax fiercer than it had ever done, so that men should prepare themselves, and gird up the loins of their understanding. Perhaps the thoughts this subject called up could not be better expressed than in the words of a modern writer, who said—[Here the Rev. gentleman recites that admirable composition " The world wants men, large-hearted men."] If he had any one ' thought or desire that evening it was that they should all be brought under the influence and stimulus of reading and thinking on such subjects as would qualify them not only for their places in the worl i but for living the higher and holier life which religion demanded. Let them each one remember that they possessed an influence for good or evil, no matter how obscure or even weak they might individually be; and let them seek to make that influence felt in a right direction. Let them not only unite in the grand work of disseminating the truth in the world, but let tbem practically exemplify its p ecepts. The rev. gentleman gave his speech, of which tnis is the merest sketch, in a hearty and telling manner, and was warmly applauded The REV. MR. LLOYD next addressed the meeting very briefly, but with an enthusiasm and fervour that quickly communicated itself to his audience, and received his accustomed meed of strong sympathy. The REV. MR. SENIOR moved a comprehensive vote of thanks, and the REV. MR. WRIGHT pronounced the Benediction We have in just,ice to atid that the Choir (with Mr. J. Kendall presiding at the harmonium) gave Home well-sung anthems at suitable intervals during the meeting. 