DERONDA.* JJR GEOEOH ELIOT. BOOK VI.-RBVELATIONS. CHAPTER XLI. I t" nrooao'e. accordln(f to mat roym* 01 k'??: ! a part of probability that many im ff ,:hi I- wUl hftpPBn*' "-ARISTOTLE :" Poeticj." fl the conflict in a mind like «fa; Biven not only to feel strongly |D ,,'ation actively, on the evening after review with Mordecai. To a young I'l Iph duller susceptibilities the ad 1° might have Beemed enough out of Ve ® 'wfty to divide his thoughts; bat rf.i^ed Deronda 80 deeply, that with [to reaction of bis intellect he began pa; ' the grounds of hiB emotion, and Em- how be must resist its guid The consciousness that he was half : J'j bv Mordecai's energetic certitude, M more by his fervent trust, roused E m It was his characteristic bias to v from the moral stupidity of valuing .1-hut had come close to him, and of F blindly in his own life of to-day the which he recognised as momentous Bmi in the historic life of men. If he d of tbis incident as having happened it# aco in Rome, Greece, Asia Minor, ,t ne Cairo, to some man young as him lMUrl ^ k.'n r.An»-Wn1 I^a nn<l with bis neutral life, and ?iSc eoine closer fellowship, some more j duty to give him ardour for the pos consequences of his work, it would inpesred to him quite natural that the ii thould have created a deep impres ju that far-off man, whose clothing and .wold have been seen in his imagina i; part of an age chiefly known to us uh its more serious effects. Why | be be ashamed of his own agitated iS merely because he dressed for dinner, t white tie, and lived among people who [laugh at his owning any conscience in ,atter as the solemn folly of taking him oo seriously ?-that bugbear of circleB in the lack of grave emotion passes for From euch cowardice before modish jiice and obtueeness, Deronda shrank. ie also shrank from having his course nrned by mere contagion, without con if reason; or from allowing a reverential or spiritual struggle to harry him along If-peen path. at, after all, had really happened ? He quite accurately the anBwer Sir Hugo | bave given-"A consumptive Jew, seed by a fanaticism which obstacles listening death intensified, had fixed ronda as the antitype of some visionary , the offspring of wedded hope and i: despair of his own life, irrepressible in the propagation of his fanatical i. The instance was perhaps odd, ex nal in its form, but substantially it was re. Fanaticism was not so common as iptcy; but, taken in all its aspects, it bnndant enough. While Mordecai was ig on the bridge for the fulfilment of Bison?, another man was convinced that [fte mathematical key of the universe itrald supersede Newton, and regarded im physicists as conspiring to stifle B^ntery and keep the universe locked; k that he had the metaphysical key, jut that hair'a-breadth of difference ie old wards which would make it fit Scattered here and there in every you might find a terrible person, tore or lees power of speech, and a eye either glittering or preter it dull, on the look-out for the man icst hear him ; and in most cases he daises which it was difficult to get !, or if printed to get read. Tbis :ai happened to have a more pathetic a more passionate, penetrative than was usual with such mono ce: lie was more poetical than a social with coloured views of the new world in parallelograms, or than an 'wst in sewage ; still he came under ie dass. it would be only right and uiidnlge him a little, to comfort him b:!i Lelp as was practicable; but what fOod was there that his notions had the if vtlue he ascribed to them ? In such &!»an of the world knows what to beforehand. And as to Mordecai's thon that he had found a new executive ,it wi^t be preparing for him the worst wppointment8-that which presents it B final." rotda'a ear caught all these negative ?ffticgg; nay, he repeated them distinctly ?j»elf. it was not the first but it was pressing occasion on which he had "wethis question of the family like 'long the heirs of enthusiasm, whether '"ete or dreamers of dreams, whether the Gitot benefactors ol mankind, deliverers," V«otees of phantasmal discovery ,8 nrst believer in his ownunmani inspiration, down to the inventor of machine that will achieve perpetual ". The kinship of human passion, the ?T«8 ef mortal scenery, inevitably fill , " burlesque and parody. Error and ve had their hecatombs of martyrs |r the grandest type of man hitherto iH«. j8n attract statement of his, and efforts, and he appears in dan g )®®mP»ny; say that, like Copernicus i,7le,D> was immovably convinced in | ce°i hissing incredulity, but so is the "®t®1 Perpetual motion. We cannot BP',r'ta by this sort of test If 8Tpid giving the dose of hemlock linp-Mj "ani8hmentin the wrong case, ma.» 0 ")ut a capacity to understand ject-matter on which the immovable M."conTu}ce<*' and fellowship with Emb «T .' near and afar, to hinder 1*!. "IP deep experience ligbtly. it8i£8?», Let the ages try the spirits what they are worth ?" Why, we are of.l^e ages, which can only be 'wnae of just judgments in separate lt,oDtea9t8-separate yet combined. L[.,m;6DKines could not have got made t ?dition' but must have stayed Cvof James Watt. "jtonH. ?of thinking was familiar enough Hitoni,., -ave saved him from any con »en J® pre. Judgment of Mordecai, even if Wfo .P?Mcation had been free from that Vioi£r\m °a himBelf strangely ushered fy toiL'°?8*Browing preparation in the NdSSs . ** mud. This claim, indeed, what is called a rational way, J^nstifiably dismissed as illusory thirnPitWproM, but it was precisely Mtohi. t^eo&i;'B ^old on him from an tonffoiilreu®y "ympathy into a dutch on k«l COnHRiAVIM OflV1 AAMMAItMl I Hot ii^KconBdence. Oar consciences E'HteA? « ^ ?ftme Pattern, an inner de-' ibiliti-, iaws; they ore the voice of «h«WuM various as our memories 'sS.jV® their kinship and likeness), conscience included sensi -irna the common, enlarged by his republishing " Daniel Deronda" hai ( proprietors ol "The Austral* °* Joking himself imaginativelv t?r£ 62Po»e»ce of others. S uuon hinT?48«v cIaim JhLi8,.eagersoul made EE Hi? ou muet believe my beliefs o«^Ve -ym? reasons-hope my hopes Bee the vision I point to-behold a »Tn» r i? Shtssti s.iis3 »lht of an obligation in any direct A°? d jav?b-eenPr®P08teroas-tohave Beemed to admit it would have been din! Deronda, looking on the agita the f;ireimrentl1 felt thankfil that in tne mzast of his compassion he had n« S&J;^Thi Saf bond»Beof false con. ceBBions, The claim hung. too. on &nnrmr;\oi tipn which might be-nay, probacy waa n discordance *ith the full fact: the tiion that he, Deronda, was of Jewish blood" Bu t B mo *e hyP°thet«c appeal' ^ !i,ncS the 8«e of 13 Deronda had asso with what wfti»8n experienceof Ws affections rh"? ralT 8 pure Buppoflition, namely, that Sir Hugo was hia father . that wan a bjpotheBis which had been the Bour^jf K°?a!e Struge,e by its light bad been accnstomed to eabdie feel nga and to cherish them. He had been well used to find a motive in a conception which might fhiteTi; and,h5 bad been also Sto Si nJ6°j ®5® 5 revelation that might influence wT * I be Partlcnlar duties belonging to aiT rn£°«*6 ln a-8tate °.f suspense which was also one of emotive activity and scruDle was a *atj r att'lude of his conscience vJ,?#! ?°w; e?PP°«e that wish-begotten belief in hie Jewish birth, and that extrava IhadSa0' f di8oiplea1hiP'.t0 bo the fore ecadowing of an actual discovery and a genuine spiritual result: suppose that Mor decai r ideas made a real conquest over De ronda a conviction ? Nay, it was conceivable that as Mordecai needed and believed that £?».. i* £ an active replenishment of himself, BO Deronda might receive from Mor decais mind the complete ideal shape of that personal duty and citizenship which lay m bis own thought like sculptured fragments certifying some beauty yearned after but not traceable by divination. As that possibility presented itself in his meditations, he was aware that it would be called dreamy, and began to defend it. If the influence he imagined himself aubmitting to nad been that of some honoured professor some authority in a seat of learning, some philosopher who had been accepted as a voice of the age, would a thorough recep tiveness towards direction have been ridi culed ? Only by those who hold it a sign of weakness to bo obliged for an idea, and prefer to hint that they have implicitly held in a more correct form whatever others have stated with a sadly short-coming explicit* neBS. After all, what was there but vulgarity in taking the fact that Mordecai was a poor Jewish workman, and that he was to be met perhaps on a Banded floor in the parlour of the Hand and Banner, as a reason for deter mining beforehand that there was not some spiritual force within him that might have a determining effect on a white-handed gentle man ? _ There is a legend told of the Emperor Domitian, that having heard of a Jewish family, of the houBe of David, whence the ruler of the world was to spring, he sent for its members in alarm, bat quickly released tbem on observing that they had the hands cf work-people- being of just the opposite opinion with that Babbi who stood waiting at the gate of Rome in confidence that the Messiah would be found among the destitute who entered there. Both Emperor and Babbi were wrong in their trust of outward signs : poverty and poor clothes are no sign of inspiration, said Deronda to his inward objector, but they have gone with it in some remarkable caBes. And to regard aisciple ehip BB out of the question because of them, would be mere dnlness of imagination. A more plausible reason for putting disciple ship out of the question was the strain of visionary excitement in Mordecai, which turned his wishes into overmastering impres* sions, and made him read outward facts as j fulfilment. Was such a temper of mind likely to accompany that wise estimate of consequences which is the only safeguard from fatal error, even to ennobling motive? But it remained to be seen whether that rare cor junction existed or not in Mordecai: perhaps his might be one of the natures where a wise estimate of consequences is fused in the fires of that passionate belief which determines the consequences it believes in. The inspirations of the world have come ia that way, too: even strictly-measuring science could hardly hare got on without that forecasting ardour which feels the agitations of discovery beforehand, and has a faith in its preconception that surmounts many failures of experiment. And in relation to human motives and actions, passionate belief has a fuller efficacy. Here enthusiasm may have the validity of proof, and, happen ing in one soul, give the type of what will one day be general. At least, Deronda argued, Mordecai's visionary excitability waB hardly a reason for concluding beforehand that he was not worth listening to except for pity'B sake. Suppose he had introduced himself as one of the strictest reasoners: do they form a body of men hitherto free from from false conclusions and illusory speculations ? The driest argu ment has its hallucinations, too hastily con cluding that its net will now at last be large enough to hold the universe. Men may dream in demonstrations, and cut out an illusory world in the shape of axioms, defi nitions, and propositions, with a final exclu sion of [fact signed Q.E D, No formulas for thinkiDg will save us mortals from mistake in our imperfect apprehension of the matter to be thought about. And since the unemo tional intellect may carry us into a mathe matical dreamland where nothing is but what is not, perhaps an emotional intellect may bave absorbed into its passionate viBion of possibilities some troth of what will be-the more comprehensive maBsive life feeding iheory with new material, as the sensibility of the artist seizes combinations which Bcience explains and justifies. At any rata, presumptions to the contrary are not to be trusted. We muBt be patient with the inevi table makeshift of our human thinking, whether in its sum total or in the separate minds that have made the sum. Columbus had some impressions about himself which we call superstitions, and uBed some argu ments which we disapprove; but he had also some true physical conceptions, and he had the passionate patience of genius to make them tell on mankind. The world has made up itB mind rather contemptuously about tboBe who were deaf to Columbus. "My contempt for them binds me to see that I don't adopt their mistake on a small scale," said Deronda, "and make myself deaf with the assumption that there cannot be any momentous relation between this Jew and me, simply because he haB clad it in illu sory notionB. What I ean be to him, or he to me, may not at all depend on his persua sion of the way we came together. To me the way seems made up of plainly discernible links. If I had not found Mirah, it is pro bable that I should not have begun to be specially interested in the Jews, and cer tainly I should not have gone on that loiter ing search after an Ezra Cohen which made me pause at Rtm'i book-shop, and ask the price of Mavmon. Mordecai, on his side, had T visions °f a disciple, and he saw me by tneir light; I corresponded well enough with Me image his longiog had created. He took me for one of his race.' Suppose that his impression-the elderly Jew at Frankfort seemed to have eomethiDg like it-suppose, "J of all presumptions to the contrary, tnat his impression should somehow be ProY. true, and that I should come actually to Bhare any of the ideas he is devoted to? lnis is the only question which really con ceJ,|r|8 the effect of our meeting on my life. But if the iBBue should be quite different? -well, there will be something painful to go through. I shall almost inevitably hove to be an active cause of that poor fellow's crushing disappointment. Perhap3 this issue is the one I had need prepare myself for. I fear that no tenderness of mine can make his Buffering lighter. Would tbe alternative tbat I should not disappoint him-be less painful to me r Ptete. Deronda wavered. Feelings had lately been at work within him which had very much modified the reluctance he would formerly have bad to think of himself as pro bably a Jew. And if you like, he was ro mantic. That young energy and spirit of ad venture which have helped to create the world-wide legions of youthful heroes goiug to seek the hidden tokens of their birth and its inheritance of tasks, gave him a certain quivering interest in tbe bare possibility that he was entering on a like track-all the more because the track was one of thought as well as action. "The bare possibility." He could not admit it to be more. The belief that his father was an Englishman only grew firmer under the weak assaults of unwarranted doubt. And that a moment should ever come in which that belief was declared a de lusion, was something of which Deronda would not say, "I Bhould be glad." IliB II i??g auction for Sir Hugo, stronger than all his resentment, made him shrink from tbat wiBb. Which way soever the truth might lie, be repeated to himself what he had said to Mordecai-that he could not without farther reason undertake to hasten its discovery. Nay, he was tempted now to regard his un certainty as a condition to be cherished for the present. If further intercourse revealed nothing bat illusions as what he was ex pected to share in, the want of any valid evidence that he was a Jew might save Mor decai tbe worst shock in the refusal of fra ternity. It might even be justifiable to ubo the uncertainty on this point in keeping up a suspense which would induce Mordecai to accept those offices of friendship that De ronda longed to urge on him. These were the meditations that busied Deronda in the interval of four days before he could fulfil his promise to call for Mor decai at Ezra Cohen's, Sir Hugo's demands on him often lasting to an hour so late as to put the evening expedition to Holborn out of the question. CHAPTER XLII. " Wenn es eine Stufenleiter von Leiden glebt, eo hat Israel die hochste Staffel eretlenen ; wenn die D&uer; der fichmerzen trad die Gtaduld, mit wcleher sie ertra gen werden, adeln, BO nehmen ea die Juden mit den Uochgeborenen alier Lander auf; wenn eine Literatur reich gerannt wird, die wenige klassische Trauerspiele beeitzt, welcfaer Piatz gebU&rt; darn einer Tragolie die andertbalb Jahrtausende vahtt, geaichtet und darge&t;«llt von den Heldea etlber?"-Zunz? " Die Syna gogale Poeeie dee MitteUlters." "If there are ranks in Buffering, Israel takeB precedence of all the nations- if the duration of sorrows and the patience with which they are bome ennoble, the Jews are among the aristocracy of every land-if a literature is called rich in the possession of a few classic tragedies, what shall we Bay to a National Tragedy lasting for fifteen hundred years, in which the poets and the actors were also the heroes ? " Deronda had lately been reading that passage of Zunz, and it occurred to him by way of contrast when he was going to the Cohens, who certainly bore no obvious stamp of distinction in sorrow or in any other form of aristocracy. Ezra Cohen was not clad in the Eublime pathos of the martyr^ and his taste for money-getting seemed to be favoured with tbat success which ha? been the moBt exasperating difference in the greed of Jews d uring all the ages of their dispersion. This Jesbnrun of a pawnbroker was not a symbol of the great Jewish tragedy; and yet, waB there not something typical in the fact that a life like Mordecai's-a frail incorporation of the national consciousness, breathing with difficult breath-was neBted in the self-gratu latirg ignorant prosperity of the Cohens ? Glistening was the gladnesB in their faces when Deronda reappeared among them. Cohen himself took occasion to intimate that although the diamond ring, let alone a little longer, would have bred more money, he did not mind that-not a sixpence-when com pared with the plea&ure; of the women and children in seeing a young gentleman whose first visit bad been so agreeable that they had "done nothing but talk of it ever since." Young MrB. Cohen was very sorry that baby was asleep, and then very glad that Adelaide was not yet gone to bed, entreating Deronda not to Bt&y; in the shop but to go forthwith into the parlour to Bee " mother and the children." He willingly accepted the invita tion, having provided himself with portable presents ; a Bet of paper figures for Adelaide, and an ivory cup and ball for Jacob. Tbe grandmother bad a pack of cards be fore her and was making " plates " with the children. A plate had just been thrown down and kept itself whole. "Stop! "said Jacob, running up to Deronda as he entered. " Don't tread on my plate. Stop and see me throw it np again." Deronda complied, exchanging a smile of understanding with the grandmother, and the plate bore several tossings before it came to pieces ; then the visitor was allowed to come forward and seat himself. He observed that the door from which Mordecai had issued on the former visit was now closed, bat he wished to show his interest in the Cohens before disclosing a yet stronger interest in their singular inmate. It was not until be had Adelaide on his knee, and was setting up the paper figures in their dance on the table, while Jacob was al ready practising with the cup and ball, that Deronda said " Is Mordecai in just now ?" " Where is he, Addy ?" said Cohen, who had seized an interval of business to come and look on. " In the workroom there," said his wife, nodding towards the closed door. " The fact is, sir," said Cohen, " we don't know what's come to him thiB last day or two. He's always what I may call a little touched, yon know "-here Cohen pointed to hiB own forehead-" not quite to say rational in all thints, like you and me; but he's mostly wonderful regular and industrious as .ar as a poor creature can be, and takes as much delight in the boy as anybody could. But this last day or two he's been moving about like a sheep-walker, or else sitting as still aa a wax figure." " It's the disease, poor dear creature," said the grandmother, tenderly. " I doubt whether he can stand long against it" " No ; I think it's only something he's got in bis bead," said Mrs. Cohen the younger. " He's been tarniDg overwriting continually, and when I Bpeak to him it takes him ever bo long to hear and answer." " Yon may think UB a little weak oar pelves." said Cohen, apologetically. " Bat my wife and mother wouldn't part with him if he was a still worse encnmbrance. It isn't that we don't know the long and short of matters, but it's our principle. There's 'oole do business at a loss and don't know it. I'm not ore of 'em." "Oh, Mordecai carries a blessing inside him," said the grandmother. " He's got something the matter inside him," said Jacob, coming up to correct this erratum of fcis grandmother's. " He said he couldn't talk to me, and he wouldn't have a bit o' bnn." " So far from wondering at your feeling for bim," said Deronda, "I already feel something of the same sort myself. 1 have lately talked to bim at Ram's bookshop-in fact, I promised to call for him here, that we might go out together." " That's it, then !" said Cohen, slapping his knee. " He's been expecting you, and it's taken hold of him. I suppose he talks about his learning to you. It's uncommonly kind of you, sir ; for I don't suppose there's much to be got out of it, else it wouldn't have left bim where he is. But there's the shop." Cohen hurried out, and Jacob, who had been listening inconveniently near to Deronda's fclbnw, said to him with obliging familiarity, " I'll call Mordecai for yon, if you like." " No, Jacob," said his mother: "open the door for the gentleman, and let him go in himself. Hush ! Don't make a noise." Skilful Jacob seemed to enter into the play, and turned the handle of the door as noiselessly as possible, while Deronda went behind him and stood on the threshold. The small room was lit only by a dying fire and one candle with a shade over it. Oa the board fixed under the window various ob jects of jewellery were scattered : some baoks were heaped in a corner beyond them. Mordecai was seated on a high chair at the board with bis back to the door, his hands reBting on each other and on the board, a watch propped on a Btand before him. He was in a state of expectation as sickening that of a prisoner listening for the delayed deliverance -when he heard Deronda's voice saying, " I am come for yon. Are you ready ?' Immediately he turned without speaking, seized bis furred cap which lay near, and moved to join Deronda. It was but a moment before they were both in the sitting room, and Jacob, noticing the change in his friend's «ir and expression, seized him by the arm and said, " See my cup and ball!" send ing the ball up close to Mordecai's face, as something likely to cheer a convalescent. It was a sign of the relieved tension in Mor decai's mind that he could smile and say, "Fine, fine!" " You bave forgotten your greatcoat and comforter," said ycung Mrs. Cohen, and he went back into the workroom and got them. " He's come to life again, do you see ?' said Cohen, who bad re-entered, speaking in an under-tone. " I told you so r I'm mostly right." Then, in his usual voice, " Well, sir, we mustn't detain you now, I suppose, but I hope this isn't the last time weshall see you.' "Shall you come again said Jacob, ad-' vancing. " See, I can eatch the ball; I'll bet Icatch it without stopping, if you comeagaw." " He has clever hands, said Deronda, looking at the grandmother. " Which aide of the family doeB he get them from ?" But the grandmother only nodded towards her son, who said, promptly, " My side. My wife's family are not in that line. But, bleBS your soul! ours is a sort of cleverness aB good as gutta-percha; you can twist it which way you like. There's nothing some old gentle men won't do if you set 'em to it." Here Cohen winked down at Jacob's back, but it was doutful whether thiB judicious allusive nesB answered its purpose, for its subject gave a nasal whinnying laugh, and stamped about, singing " Old gentlemen, old gentle mer," in chiming cadence. Deronda thought, "I shall never know anything decisive about theBe people until I &sk; Cohen point-blank whether he lost a Bister named Mirah when she was six years old." The decisive moment did not seem easy for him to face. Still his first sense of repulsion at the commonness of these people was beginning to be tempered with kindlier feeling. However unrefined their airs and speech might be, he was forced to admit gome moral refinement in their treatment of the consumptive workman, whose mental dis tinction impressed them chiefly as a harmless, Bilent raving. "The Cohens seem to have an affection for you," eaid Deronda, as soon as he and Mordecai were off the dooratep. " And I for them," was the immediate anBwer. "They have the heart of the Israelite within them, though they are as the horse and the mule, without understanding beyond the narrow path they tread." " I bave caused you some uneasiness, I fear," said Deronda, " by my slowness in fulfilling my promise. I wished to come yes terday, but I found it impossible." " Yes-yeB, I trusted you. But it is true I bave been uneasy, for the spirit of my youth bas been stirred within me, and thiB body is tiot strong enough to bear the beating of its wings. I am as a man bound and imprisoned through long years: behold him brought to speech of his fellow and his limbs set free: he weeps, he totters, the joy within him threatens to break and overthrow the tabernacle of flesh." "You muBt not speak too much in this evening air," said Deronda, feeling Mordecai's woids of reliance like so many cords binding him painfully. " Cover your mouth with the woollen scarf. We are going to the Hand and Banner, I suppose, and shall be in pri vate there ?" "No, that is my trouble that you did not come yesterday. For this is the evening of the club I spoke of, and we might not have any minutes alone until late, when all the rest are gone. Perhaps we had better seek another place. But I am used to that only. In new places the outer world presses on me and narrowB the inward vision. And the people there are familiar with my face." " I don't mind the club if I am allowed to go in," said Deronda. "It iB enough that you like this place best If we have not enough time, I will come again. What sort of club is it ?" " It is called ' The Philosophers.' They are few-like the cedars of Lebanon- poor men given to thought. But none so poor as I am : and sometimes visitors of higher worldly rank bave been brought We are allowed to introduce a friend, who is interested in our topics. Each orders beer or Bome other kind of drink, in payment for the room. Most of tbem smoke. I have gone when I could, for there are other men of my race who come, and Bometimea I have broken silence. I bave pleaBed myself with a faint likeness be tween theBe poor philosophers and the Masters who handed down the thought of our race-the great Transmitters, who laboured with their hands for scant bread, but preserved and enlarged for us the heritage of memory, and saved the soul of Israel alive as a seed among the tombs. The heart pleases itself with faint remembrances." "I shall be very glad to go and Bit among them, if that will suit you. It is a sort o meeting I should like to join in," said Deronda, not without relief in the prospect of an interval before be went through the gtrain of his next private conversation with Mordecai. In three minutes they had opened the pie zed door with the red curtain, and were in the little parlour, hardly much more than fifteen feet pquare, where the gaslight shone through a slight haze of smoke on what to Deronda was a new and striking scene. Half a dozen men of various ages, from be tween twenty and thirty to fifty, all shabbily creBBed, most of them with clay pipes in their mouths, were listening with a look of concentrated intelligence to a man in a pepper-and-salt dress, with blonde hair, short nose, broad forehead, and general breadth, who, holding his pipe slightly jiplifted in tbe left hand) and beating hjq knee with the righf, was just finishing a quotation from She'ley (tbe comparison of the avalanche in his Prometheus Unbound): "As thought by thought is piled, til] some ?reat truth Is lot seued, and the tuitions echo round." The entrance of the new comers broke the fixity of attention, and called for a rearrange ment of seats in the too narrow semicircle round the fireplace and tbe table holding the glasses, Bpare pipes, and tobacco. This was tbe soberest of clubs; but sobriety is no reason why smokingand "taking something" should be less imperiously needed as a means of getting a decent status in company and debate. Mordecai was received with wel coming voices which had a slight cadence of compassion in tbem, but naturally all glances passed immediately to his companion. _ " I have brought a friend who is interested m our Bubjests," said Mordecai. "He has travelled and studied much." "Is tbe gentleman anonymous? Is he a Great Unknown?" said the broad-chested quoter of Shelley, with a humorous air. My name is Daniel Deronda. I am un known, but not in any Bense great." The smile breaking over the stranger's grave face as he said this was so agreeable, that there was a general indistinct murmur, equivalent to a " Hear, hear," and the broad man said You recommend the name, sir, and are welcome. Here, Mordecai, come to this corner against me," he added, evidently wishing to give the coziest place to the one who most needed it Deronda was well satisfied to get a seat on * pPP08'ke Bide, where his general survey of the party easily included Mordecai, who remained an eminently striking object in this group of Bharply-characterised figures, more than one of whom, even to Daniel's little exercised discrimination, seemed too. bably of Jewish descent In fact, pure HngliBh blood (if leech or lancet can furnish us with the precise pro. duct) did not declare itself predominantly in the party at present assembled. Miller, the broad man, an exceptional second-hand bookseller who knew the insideB of books, bad at least grand-parents who called them selves German, and possibly far-away ances tors who denied themselves to be Jews . Bucban. tbe saddler, was Scotch; Pash, the watchmaker, wbb a BtnaLl, dark, vivacious, Uiple-baked Jew ; Gideon, the optical instru ment maker, was a Jew of the red-haired, generous featured type easily passing for Eng. lishmen of unusually cordial manners; and Croop, tbe dark-eyed shoemaker, was probably more Celtic than he knew. Only three would have been discernible everywhere as English men : the wood in layer Goodwin, well-built open-faced, pleasant-voiced ; tbe florid labora tory aeBiBtant MarrableB; and Lilly, the pal®, neat-faced copjing clerk, whose light-brown hair was set up in a Bmall parallelogram above his well-filled forehead, and whose shirt, taken with an otherwise seedy costume, had a freshness that might be called insular, and peihaps even something narrower. Certainly a company select of the select among poor men, being drawn together by a taste not prevalent even among the privileged heirs of learning and its institutions ; and not likely to amuse any gentleman in search of crime or low comedy as the ground of in tercet in people whose weekly income is only divisible into shillings. Deronda, even if he bad not been more than usually inclined to gravity tinder the influence of what was pending between him and Mordecai, would not have set himself to find food far laughter in the various shades of departure from the tone of poliBhed society sure to be observable in the air and talk of these men who had probably snatched knowledge as most of us snatch indulgences, making the utmost of scant opportunity. He looked around him with the quiet air of respect habitual to him among equals, ordered whisky and water, and offered the contents of his cigar-case, which characteristically enough, he always carried and hardly ever uBed for his own behooL haying reasons for not smoking himself, but liking to indulge others. Perhaps it was his weakness to be afraid of seeming strait-laced, and turning himself into a sort of diagram instead of a growth which, can exercise the guiding attraction of fellowship. That he made a decidedly winning impression on the company was proved by their showing them selves no less at ease than before, and desirous of quickly resuming their inter rupted talk. " This is what I call one of our touch and go nights, Bir," said Miller, who was im plicitly accepted as a sort of moderator-ad dressing Deronda by way of explanation, and nodding towards each person whose he mentioned. " Sometimes we stick pretty close to the point But to-night oar friend PaBb, there, bronght up the law ot progress, and we got on statistics; then Lilly, there, saying we knew well enough before counting that in the same state ot society the same sort of things would happen, and it was no more wonder that quantities should remain the Bame than that qualities should remain the same, for in relation to society numbers are qualities-the number of drunkards is a quality in Bociety-the numbers are an index to tbe qualities, and give us no instruction, only setting us to consider the causes of difference between different social Btates-Lilly saving this, wn went off on the causes of social change and when you came in I was going upon the power of ideas, which I hold to be the main trans forming cause." r,y°n there, Miller," said Goodwin, the lnlayer, more concerned to awry on the Bnbject than to wait for a word from the new guest " For either yon BO many sorts of things by ideas that I get no knowledge by what yon say, any than if you said light was a cause; or else you mean a particular sort of Ideas, and iPor0 i«5vn*t*4y®ur meanin8 as too narrow. rmfr' «V.U iM? °n.° *** 811 ftCttaOB warn. put _ a bit of thought into are ideas-say. powing Beed, or making a canoe, or baking clay; and such ideas as these work then* selvesi into life and go on growing with it but they can t go apart from the material that set them to work and makes a the nature of wood and yielding to the knife that raises the lias of shaping them,, and with. plenty of wq«L«b4 stone the sbapiug will go on. 1 look ac it, that Buch ideas as are mixed straight away with all the other elements of life are power ful along with 'em. The tlower the mixing, the less power they have. And as to the causes of social change, I look at it in this way-ideas are a Bore of parliament, but there's a commonwealth outside and a good deal of the commonwealth is working at change without knowing what the parlia ments doing/' " But if you take ready mixing as your test of power," said Pash, "some of the least practical ideaB beat everything. They spread without being understood, and enter into the language without being thought of." "Thty may act by changing the distri bution of ga6es," said Marrables ; " instru ments are getting BO fine now, men may come to register the Bpread of a theory by observed changes in the atmosphere and corresponding changes in the nerves." " Yes," said Fash, his dark face lighting up rather impishly, " there is the idea of nationalities ; I daresay the wild asses are Bnuffiug it and getting more gregarious." " You don't Bhare that idea ?" said Deronda, finding a piquant incongruity between Pash's sarcasm and the strong stamp of race on his " Say rather, he does not share that spirit," said Mordecai, who bad turned a melancholy glance on Pash. " Unless nationality is a feel ing, what force can it have as an idea ?'' " Granted, Mordecai,'' said Pash, quite good-humouredly. "And as the feeling of nationality is dying, I take the idea to be no better than a ghost, already walking to an nounce the death." ... ?, "A sentiment may seem to be dying and yet revive into strong life," said Daronda. " Nations have revived. We may liv&to; see a great outburst of force in the Arabs, who wee being inspired with a new zeal." "Amen, amen,"said Mordecai, looking at Deronda with a delight which was the begin ning of recovered energy: his attitude was more upright, his face was lees worn. " That may hold with backward nations," eaid Pash, " but with us in Europe the senti ment of nationality is destined to die out It wiii last a little longer in the quarters where oppression lasts, but nowhere else. The whole current of progress iB setting against it." " Ay," said Buchan, in a rapid thin Scotch tone which was like the letting in of a little cool air on the conversation, " ye've done well to bring us round to the point Ye're all agreed that societies change-not always and everywhere- bat on the whole and in the long-run. Now, with all deference, I would beg t'obeerve that we have got to examine the nature of changes before we hare a war l&nt; to call them progress, which word is supposed to include a bettering, though I apprehend it to be ill chosen for thatpurpose, Since mere motion onward may carry as to a bog cr a precipice. And the questions I would put are three: Is all change in the direction of progress? if not, how shall we discern which change is progress and which not? and thirdly, how far and in what ways can we act upon the coarse of change so as to promote it where it is beneficial, and di vert it where it is injurious?" But Bachan's attempt to impose his method on the talk was a failure. Lilly im mediately said " Change and progress are merged in the idea of development The laws of develop ment are being discovered, and changes taking place according to them are necessarily progressive; that is to say, if we have any notion of progress or improvement opposed to them, the notion is a mistake." " I really can't Bee how yon arrive at that sort of certitude' about changes by calling them development," said Deronda. " There will still remain the degrees of inevitableness in relation to our own wiM and acts, and the degrees of wisdom in hastening or retarding; there will still remain the danger of mis taking a tendency which should be resisted for an inevitable law that we must adjust ourselves to,-which seemB to me as bad a superstition or false god as any that has been set up without the ceremonies of philo sophising." " That is a truth," said Mordecai. " Woe to the men who see no place for resistance in this generation ! I believe in a growth, a passage, and a new onfolding of life whereof the Beed is more perfect, more charged with the elements that are pregnant with diviner form. The life of a people grows, it is knit together and yetexpanded, in joy andsorrow, in thought and action; it absorbs the thought of otner nations in its own forms, and gives back the thought as new wealth to the world ; it is a power and an organ in the great body of the nations. Bat there may come a check, an arrest; memories may be stilled, and love nay be faint for the lack of them ; or memories may shrink into withered relics the soul of a people, whereby they know themselves to be one, may seem to be dying for want of common action. Bat who shall say, ' The fountain of their life is dried up. they shall for ever cease to be a nation?' Who shall say it ? Not he who feels the life of his people stirring within his own. Shall he Bay, 'That way events are wending, I will not resist ?' His very soul is resistance, and is as a seed of fire that may enkindle the Bonis of multitudes, and make a new pathway for events." " I don't deny patriotism," said Gideon, "but we all know you have a particular meaning, Mordecai. You know Mordecai's way of thinking, I suppose ?" Here Gideon had turned to Deronda, who sat next to him; but without waiting for an answer, he went on. "I'm a rational Jew myself. I Btand by my people as a sort of family relations, and I am for keeping np oar worship in a rational way. I don't approve of our people getting baptised, because I don't believe in a Jew's conversion to the Gentile part of Christianity. And now we have political equality, there's no excuse for a pretence of that sort. But I am for getting rid of all our superstitions and exclusiveness. There's no reason now why we shouldn't melt gradually into the populations we live among. That's the order of the day in point of progress. I would as soon my children married Christians as Jews. And I'm for the old maxim, ' A man's country ia where he's well off.'" "That country's not so eaBy to find, Gideon," eaid the rapid Pasb, with a shrug and grimace. " You get 10s. a week more than I do, and bave only half the number of children. If somebody will introduce a brisk trade in watches among the ' Jerusalem warep,' I'll go-eh, Mordecai, what do you say ?" Deronda, all ear for these hints of Mor decai's opinion, was inwardly wondering at bis persistence in coming to this club. For an enthusiastic spirit to meet continually the fixed indifference of-men familiar with the object of his enthusiasm is the acceptance of a slow martyrdom, beside which the fate of a missionary tomahawked withoat any considerate rejection of his doctrine seems hardly worthy of compassion. Bat Mordecai gave no sign of shrinking: this was a moment of spiritual fatness, and be cared more for the utterance of bis faith than for its im mediate reception. With * fervour which bad no temper in it, bat warned ratbor tee rusfi of feelmft in the opportunity of tptech, tie aiiSweri'd Pash : " What I e«y i-a, let every man beep fir a«*ay from the brotherhood and the inherit ance hecitepiBcs. Thousands and thousands of our race have mixed with the Gentile aa Celt with Saxou, and tiiey may inherit the blessing that belongs to ttie Gentile. Yon cannot follow tbem. You are one of the multitudes over this globe who mast walk among the nations and be known as Jews, and with words on their lips which mean, ' I wish I had uot bseu born a_ Jew, I disown any boud with the lona travtfil of my race, I will outdo the Gentile in mockiug at our separateness,' they all the while feel breatbiDg on them the breath of contempt because they are Jews, and they will breathe it back poisonously. Can a fresh-made gar ment of citizenship weave itself straightway into the flesh and change the slow deposit of eighteen centuries ? What is the citizenship of him who walks among a people he has no hearty kindred and fellowship with, and has lost the sense of brotherhood with his own race ? It is a charter of Bel fish ambition and rivalry in low greed. He is an alien in spirit, whatever he may be in form ; he sucks the blood of mankind, be is not a man. Sharing in no iove, sharing in no subjection of the sonl, he mocks at alL Is it-not truth I speak, Pash ?"' "Wot exactly, Mordecai," said Pash, "if yon mean that I think the worse of myself for being a Jew. What I thank onr fathers for is that there are fewer blockheads among us than among other races. But perhaps you are right in thinking the Christians don't like me so well for it." " Catholics and Protestants have not liked each other much better," said the genial Gideon. " We must wait patiently for pre judices to die out. Many of oar people are on a footing with the best, and there's been a good filtering of oar blood into high fami lies. I am for making oar expectations ra tional." "And BO am I!" said Mordecai, quickly, leaning forward with the eagerness of one who pleads in some decisive crisis, his long thin handB clasped together on his lap. '' I, too, claim to be a rational Jew. But what is it to be rational-what iB it to feel the light of the Divine reason growing Btronger within and without? It is to Bee more and more of the hidden bonds that bind and consecrate change as a dependent growth-yea, conse crate it with kinship: the past becomes my parent, and the future stretches towards me the appealing arms of children. Is it rational to drain away the sap of special kindred that makes the families of man rich in inter changed wealth, and various as the forests are various with the glory of the cedar and the palm! When it is rational to say, ' I know not my father or my mother, let my children be alienB to me, that no prayer of mine may touch them,' then it will be ra tional for the Jew to say, ' I will seek to know so difference between me and the Gentile, I will not cherish the prophetic con sciousness of our nationality-let the Hebrew cease to be, and let all his memorials be anti quarian trifles, dead as the wall paintings of a conjectured race. Yet let his child learn by rote the speech of the Greek, where he adjures his fellow- citzens by the bravery of those who fought foremost at Marathon-let him learn to Bay, that was noble in the Greek, that is the spirit of an immortal nation I But the Jew has no memories that bind him to action; let him laugh that his nation is degraded from a nation; let him hold the monuments of his law which carried within its frame the breath of social justice, of charity, and of household sanctities-let him hold the energy of the prophets, the patient care of the masters, the fortitude of martyred generations, as mere Btuff for a professorship. The business of the Jew in all things is to be even as the rich Gentile.'" Mordecai threw himself back in his chair, and there was a moment's silence. Not one member of the club shared his point of view or his emotion; but his whole personality and speech had on them the effect of a dramatic representation which had some pathos in it, though no practical consequences; and usually he was at once indulged and contra dicted. Deronda's mind went back on what must have been the tragic pressure of out ward conditions hindering this man, whose force he felt to be telling on himself from making any world for ma thought in the minds of others-like a poet among people of a strange speech, who may have a poetry of their own, but have no ear for his cadence, no answeiing thrill to bis discovery of latent virtues in bis mother tongue. The cool Bucban was the first to speak, and hint the loss of time. "I submit," said he, " that ye're travelling away from the ques tions I put concerning progress." '' Say they're levanting, Bachan," said Miller, who liked his joke, and would not have objected to be called Voltairian. "Never miud. Let ub have a Jewish night; we've not had one for a long while. Let us take the discussion on Jewish ground. I suppose we've no prejudice here; we're all philo gophers; and we like our friends Mordecai, Pash, and Gideon, as well aa if they were no more kin to Abraham than the rest of us. We're all related through Adam, until fur ther showing to the contrary, and if yoa look into history we've all got some discredit able forefathers. So I mean no offence when I say I don't think any great things of the part the Jewish people have played iu the world. What then ? I think they were iniquitously dealt by in past times. And I suppose we don't want any men to be mal treated, white, black, brown, or yellow-I know I've just given my half-crown to the contrary. And that reminds me, I've a curious old German book-I can't read it myself, bat a friend was reading out of it to me the other day-about the prejudices againBt the Jews, and the stories that used to betoldaeainat 'em, and what do you think one was? Why, that they're punished with a bad odour in their bodies; and thai, says the anthor, date 1715 (I've just been pricing and marking the book this very morning)-that is true, for the ancients spoke of it. But then, he says, the other things are fables, such as that the odour goes away all at once when they're baptised, and that every one of the ten tribes, mind you, all the ten being concerned In the crucifixion, has got a parti cular punishment over and above the smell: -Asber, I remember, has the right arm a bandbreadth shorter than the left, and Naphtali has pigs' ears and a smell of live pork. What do you think of that ? There's been a good deal of fun made of rabbinical fables, bnt in point of fables my opinion is, that all over the world it's six of one and half a dozen of the other. However, as I said before, I bold with the philosophers of the last century that the Jews have played no great part as a people, though Pash will have it they're clever enough to beat all the rest of the world. But if BO, I ask, why haven't they done it." "For the same reason that the cleverest men in the country don't get themselves or their ideaB into Parliament," said the ready Pash; " because the blockheads ate too many lor 'en." " That is a vain question," said Mordecai, '' whether onr people would beat the rest of the wciit). Each nation has its own work, and is a member of the world, enriched by tne vork of each. Bat it is true, as Jehuda-na Levi first said, that Israel is the heart ot mankind, if we mean by heart the core 01 affection which binds a race and its families in dutiful love, and the reverence for the human body which lifts the needs of our animal life into religion, and the tenderness which is merciful to the poor and weak ana to the dumb creature that wears the yoke tor US." " They're not behind any nation m arro gance," Baid Lilly ; " and if they have got ill the rear, it has not been because they were over-modest." . " .. " Ob, every nation brags in its turn, saw M"'Yes," said Posh, "and some of them in the Hebrew text." , " Well, whatever the Jews contributed at one time, they are a Btand-still people, said Lilly. " They are the type of obstinate ad herence to the superannuated. They may Bhow good abilities when they take up liberal ideas, but as a race they have no de velopment in them." "That is false!" said Mordecai, leaning forward again with his former eagerness. " Let their history be known and examined; let the Beed be sifted, let its beginning be traced to the weed of the wilderness tne more glorious will be the energy that trans formed it. Where else is there a nation ot whom it may be a8 truly said that their reli gion and law and moral life mingled as the stream of blood in the heart and made one growth-where else a people who kept and enlarged their spiritual store at the very time when they were hunted with a hatred as fierce as the forest-fires that chase the wild beast from his covert? There is a fable of the Roman, that swimming to save his lite he held the roll of his writings between his teeth and Baved them from the waters. But how much more than that is true of our race. They struggled to keep their place among the nationB like heroes-yea, when the hand was hacked off, they clung with the teeth; but when the plough and the harrow had passed over the last visible signs of their national covenant, and the fruitf ulnesB of their land was stifled with the blood of the sowers and planters, they said, ' The spirit is alive, let us make it a lasting habitation-lasting be cause movable- so that it may be carried from generation to generation, and our sons unborn may be rich in the things that have been, and possess a hope built on an un changeable foundation.' They said it and they wrought it, though often breathing with scant life, as in a coffin, or as lying wounded amid a heap of slain. Hooted and scared like the unowned dog, the Hebrew< made himself envied for his wealth and wisdom, and was bled of them to fill the bath of Gentile luxury; he absorbed knowledge, he diffused it; his dispersed race was a new Phoenicia ?working the mines of Greece and carrying their products to the world. The native spirit of our tradition was not to stand ?till, hut to use records as a seed, and draw out the compressed virtues of law and pro phecy ; and while the Gentile, who had said, ' What is yours is ours, and no longer yours, was reading the letter of our law as a dark inscription, or was turning its parchments into shoe-Boles for an army rabid with lust and cruelty, our masters were Btill enlarging and illuminating with fresh-fed interpretation. But the dispersion was wide, the yoke of oppression was a spiked torture as well as a load; the exile was forced among brutish people, where the consciousness of hia race was no dearer to him than the light of the sun to our fathers in the Roman persecution, who had their hiding-place in a cave, and knew not that it was day save by the dimmer pruning of their candles. What wonder that multitudes of our people are ignorant, narrow, superstitious 1 What wonder?" Here Mordecai, whose seat was next the fire-place, rose and leaned his arm on the little shelf; his excitement had risen, though his voice, which had begun with unusual strength, was getting hoarser. " What wonder ? The night is unto them, that they have no vision; in their darkness they are onable to divine; the sua is gone 1 down over the prophets, and the day is dark above them; their observances are as nameless relics. But which among the chief of the Gentile nations has not an iguo- I rant multitude ? They scorn onr people's ignorant observance; but the most accursed ignorance is that which has no observance Bunk to the cunning greed of the fox, to which all law is no more than a trap or the cry of the worrying bound. There is a de gradation deep down below the memory that has withered into superstition. In the mul titudes of the ignorant on three continents who observe our rights and make the con fession of the divine Unity, the soul of Judaism is ndt dead. Revive the organic centre: let the unity of Israel whicb. baa made the growth and form of its religion be an outward reality. Looking towards a land and a polity, our dispersed people in all the ends of the earth may share the dignity of a national life which has a voice among the peopleB of the East and WeBt-which will plant the wisdom and skill of our race BO that it may be, as of old, a medium of trans mission and understanding. Let that come to pass, and the living warmth will Bpread to the weak extremities of Israel, and super stition will vaniBb, not in the lawlessness of the renegade, .but in the illumination of great facta which widen feeling, and make all knowledge alive as the yoang offspring of beloved memories." Mordecai's voice bad sunk, bat with the hectic brilliancy of his gaze it was not the less impresBive. His extraordinary excite ment was certainly due to Deronda's presence: it was to Deronda that he was speaking, and the moment had a testamentary solemnity for him which rallied all his powers. Yet the presence of those other familiar men pro moted expression, for they embodied the in difference which gave a resistant energy to hta speech. Not that he looked at Deronda: he seemed to see nothing immediately around him, and if any one had graBped him he would probably not have known it. Again the former words came back to Deronda's mind,-" You must hope my hopes-see the vision I point to-behold a glory where I behold it." They came now with gathered pathos. Before him stood, as a living, Buf fering reality, what hitherto he had only seen as an effort of imagination, which, in its com parative faintneSB, yet carried a suspicion of being exaggerated: a man steeped in poverty and obscnrity, weakened by disease, consciously within the shadow of advancing death, but living an intense life in an in visible past and future, careless of his per sonal lot, except for its possibly making some obstruction to a conceived good which he would never share except as a brief inward vision-a day afar off, whose sun would never warm him, but into which he threw bis Bonl's desire, with a passion often wanting to the personal motiveB of healthy youth. It was something more than a grandiose transfiguration of the parental love that toils, renounces, endures, resists the suicidal promptings of despair--all because of the little ones, whose future becomes present to the yearning gaze of anxiety. 