TALES ANti SKETCHES: Tiie , Mother's 0urse; <!R; THE USHATOEAI. SATESB.'- (Concluded.) W« have said that Lady Dessart married "ydurig:—"We~ouglit't5"have added as a justification—5f«iij'thing in, her future life required siich a plea —that she married by force, compulsion; rfefessitjr; ifdrehts" poverty, and heriown beauty, a far. older man than heiieif. A man who loved wine and waftsail, and- little fitted (for a tender woman's winning, but to whom she proved a good and loving wife, withdut: one single disloyal thought; and, if'she now did cast her eyes upon the handsome form of Walter, witli ast idea that he was of a nature to make i)ei' still young life sweet aiid joyousto ner. who shall blame her; save only chat this involved a. rivalry, far from ., Jesirible, with her daughter? i To the woman herself, doubtlescy his was a teriibl a discovciy-^nougUl d we' must give her tlie credit of ving struggled against what seemed unworthy passion, ss long as Ac UteraUyab.e,t11lj Ending that it cmautered lier will «nd power, sheiWatered herself; totalfy. to its; uitfaijce, and found herself loving a,; wn (who did not seem to have oue larticlb of love to tes'tqw uponJer)' £th a pd'vvei- andintiensity that was iVued t<j ^adness. . .., , . -. , Douh'tless/'for ttie first time, hectorid lieart ;founfl warmth in the deliij-joua ltitokicationof this sentiment. Still ^jag, rich, and •; 'with a /stately heafr PyotM. cbmimanded, ratliev than' » Ae the more retiring Beauty of £e&y; Dessart found -in the first , v?y Of a sentiiiient-^Tmething delicious and soothing, since it made, up for her the arid and loveless marriage to which, without consent or c&re.her; love had .been consigned. It is in this consideration, after all, that we must find. all that shall be excusable ahd Doiibtless/alao, there wafe something very terrifying to har, maternal feelings in finding heiself tHe riVal of her own daughter,; and that it wasan humiliation.. to her womanly instincts, never before experienced, to discover the false and ignoble position such ah irrisistible passion placed her in,-; but: her pain, and her shame, and her liumbleil .pride were alike in vain. The 'inexorable sentiment day by day grew (Stronger, and. "its move repulsive features began to wear. «!>vay gradually, as time faniiliaiizecl her to her own 'emotions'; so that she began to. con- 'template, with something of a systematic .design, the best manner of defeating the love of Amy, and supplanting her in the love of Waiter Meredith.. Let us add here, also, that there was 'nothing in the sentiment of Lady Dessart, apart from its peculiarity in 'constituting her a rival to ber own' daughter—there was nothing to raise the blush of ;shame upon her cheeks ;• 'hothingimmodest,.n'othingunwomanly, nothing in any way unbecoming her dignity, position, and sex; unless it be -a sin , for a young widow, who' paving for some half-a-dozen years, at least, buiied a husband twice her age,! to look with a favorable eye upon a man not very far from her own age, and beUeve that a second marriage would be more conducive to her future "happiness than the first. , Amy loved truly, singly, aud de- Votedly^ and never doubted tlie formof the menacing evil that was walking, 'by .her side, ever like a darkening shadow, ahd wearing the frown tliat "she saw her'consternation daily oil Jier pother's .brow. No entreaties, no -d -voted attention, no tears and'caresses shwn by the lovely , girl, could win fibaijber inscrutable parent the secret that'llad not only con verted her into.a sulhm jmage of brooding discontent, but ji'ad in truthj infected the whole. 'household with its sombre influence. ,, falter at one time imagined that he might be /the. cause in.'some way or other ; and having, ineffectually endeavored to recollect in what manner he could have "offended s her,'he frankly told her his doubts. 'But she so earnestly, iifipetuSrisly denied &ny; such .probability, or pi£t heAvasIn the j-e-. ;moteat '.degree : 'he could not of course, disbelieve her. 'assertions'; and he began to feel ah anxiety stealing across him when he saw that "Amw j grew pale and <Jis' Jheartened at this remarkable change in. her mother—a-.change apparent to !most of those in. near connection with 'her—but very evidently one to which she herself would Tpe a total stranger. , So far she kept this secret to herself. 'She watched the unembarrassed course 'of this true Ibve with furtive eyes, and there were times when 'the strength (of jher soul was like'to give way beneath the avalanche that was hurrying her 'forward BO unconsciously to herself. Since, however, the day was not yet appointed, it was to h'er a respite, and she endured her heart-torture . in silence. The vulture preyed on her Vitals—as yet, she groaned not. The two, William and Amy, foUnd solace in their mutual love, and were thus thrown only the more into a dependence upon each other, particularly Amy, who seemed to be shWned bv her mother with an apathy thafc was as unaccountable as ft was intolerable. Life, to this fair creature, that seemed born to gladden all around, began to be a very earnest thing; and fcmid the sweet waters of which she. drank there began io be tasted some pf-those drops of bitterness .more terrible than death. .. . . i * , It was a sweet - evening, such an evening as that in whieh he first catqe in view ofDessart Manor, that kneeling half reverently—though whole lovingly—-at the feet of thesuperb, yet amiable Amy, he pressed her to name the day Wheh theft; union should tako flaw. Pending her eyes upon him with a lovjing radiance, the low and whispered - music crossed her lips as she held 3oWn her hand for hixd to devour it with kisses. . , "'-'.- same night he told the Lady l^what had occurred; and he ' io soa tie feallon^oom of i a lurid, fire burn tip and brighten in her eyes, while her lofty, pallid brow grew stormy .with the wordless wrath that,left her duinb aS a spectre. Weeks had flowii by, aud what took lAc6 befell the following afternoon, f leredith, who happened to be alone, met Lady Dessart crossing one of the chambers overlooking the garden; and, after some few words, they proceeded to walk together ardiind the garden. _ ,The conversation turned, by a -peculiar tendency on her part, to his approaching marriage with Amy; and as he remembered the thunderous brow of the precedingyes'ter-eve, he quaked, arid his stout heart quailed He was 'almost glad of it, too, for it was fiecessary to be spoken of, and to be done with. Ailother tinie it 'would have been a delightful eubject—nqw a vague fear weighed upon him, and he sptake With hesitation, and Used few words; but he saw that (as they advanced to a more impervious spot, where bo,x wood grew in absolute walls, and the trim trees sheltered 'them, as in a chamber) she grew red and 'pale,' wab agitated 'and trembled, and Jier steg gi'ew measured, her air haughty, aivl tlie fire in her fine eyes 'Was alight. "Walter," Said she, 'suddenly, imperiously,stei'nly, " this marriage must never take/place. It will make uie mad—it will kill me; the very thought .of it destroys me daily, it cannot— fo miiBt -not—it slmll not take place and she turned on his appalled countei.ance her now pale and ghastly face —pale with the fire burning her to shes. " In the name of lieaveh, Lady Dessart!" he exclaimed, " what is the meaning of tin's strange language— this violent outbreak ?. You amaze me—you alarm me ' I must surely have heard you wrongly, or else your words are too wild to be believed." " Are you blind—cannot you see ? Are you deaf—cannot you hear ? Are you a man with perceptions or a human creature with no more emotions than yondur tree that bears calm and storui alike ? I love you ! You have my confession ; and now you can traniple upon one who crouches like a slave at your feet!" And .hiding her face in her hands, with a Seep sob, the proud figure, clad 'in white silk, with jewels in her hair, despair in her heart, and love in her eyes—sank, an 'inert mass, at his foot. She "had fainted. So overwhelming, in- fact, was her emotion, that, ha she did not stir, Walter tboftg't sh'c was dead. He lifted her up and bore her into the house, aiid fier hand-maidens carried her 'to bed. That night she saw no oue—spoke to no one. The next she refused to see A-ny ; fend, oil the third, desired that \Valter Should be sent in to speak with her. He went; and in less than hfilf-anhour came forth, pale and sad, a.s if he had seen a ghost; aiid for the remainder of that day he did not seek out Amy. But,, instead, the mother sent for Amy ; and she, in turn, came forth out-of the room, blindly staggering, and locked herself up in her chamber; and .there was a depth of woe in . her sunken eyes and pale clieolca that XVa.Iter -dn.rej not question why. He guessed It. • Gn'tBe other hand, Lady Dessart'had put the question to a decisive issue, so far as re- -, garded him. She had forbidden the marriage to take place under any conditions. She vowed that her daughter should b«5t inherit a blade of grass ov a copper coin. She said more than this, which mnfle the man's blood run cold; but h«! filtered not his decision, nor shook hisfa<"th ft'oiri Amy in the least fraction. On the third (lay .the young people ittet in the woodlands, and held a long converse together, the refcult 6f which was that seeing all at once the strange and fearful Wreck of happiness that was hanging over her, she resolved to trust herself to him, by 'at once becoming his wife, according to his ci\Vn desire, aud oh his showing to her that there A'aJs naught else left for either of them lib do, if, indeed, she did not choose to subscribe to her toother's tearful conditions—a thing she dfew ba6k frdm With shuddering aiid awe. . On the 'following inoming,. therefore, Walter, attended by a faithful! servant, and Amy followed by a dc-J ILNTNIL voted attendant, AFFN'N/LNNF <WIIT, \Vith *- a IVT^J third person I as ^vidence, and friendly to bothj they set forth . while the I«ady Dessart remfflned in her chamber. Having, in tha meantime, confided the whole »f the extraordinary cage to the con|r dence and judgtnent of a revered clerr gyman, who dwelt in a neighboring village, and officiated at its church, and who sanctioned and approved of the conclusion to Which they hid come, they Vere duly married, witli all the proper forms of the coremony, with witnesses and XMrtificates, and every accessory that could tend to satisfy the nervous leans of Amy, %Vho was paler than a, sheeted spectre, with the horrible shadow 6f.s6aia mighty fear still weighing upon her sauL ( T^le 'catieUidti in our tuxL) 