^ENTERTAINMEATS. I THE THEATRES, &C.; T The pantomimes ate still running, i nd e likely to run for two or three we ks ore. But as we are always given to 1 ok to the future, we naturally speculate u on at is before us during the ensuing twdve nthe. At the Royal, I believe, the r ds aie to succeed the pantomime. out these ladies there has been much | te. I have inquired a good deal conc g them, and the general impresaion onicated to me is that they ate elegant i .. eful, and therefore pleasing. Their pho phs certainly convey this notion. Tlj now in Sydney, and are fulfilling a bnf gagement at the Victoria prior to thf g to the Royal here. What novelty i presented after the pi I cannot say. Pi ps we may have an interval in which t! k company is relied upon for attractio > Carey, for example, might be brought < a new piece. For some time she has bei tnally lost to UB, and itis apitywmu^ I material should be wasted. "r. Lister's dramatic company, I being gathered together, but tar it is nfl uired for use until March, and as tr tomime will not last so long, it Is iq ded, I learn, to present Miss Melville e of Auber's operas, which has not beef rformed for a long time in Melbourne, mett.as already announced, is to be xt star in that firmament. Of Mr. Sother thing definite is known its . to his < t there prevails a belief that,hiaad\ unlikely. I suppose the lady bom Amebic o made her first appearance in Sydney \ onday night at the Theatre Royal-Mis gusta Chambers-will find her way her ter she has fulfilled her, destiny therp, <mly she is engaged to M. Laear for 12 months, t cannot be Boon. She i$i described to me having a lithe, chamois-like figure,.« ght intelligent faoe, clear ocean-blue <eyee, rank manner, a voice that falls upon the rlike the rippling of a brookin the wood' ds, and a remarkable power 'of fewlal ression. As this description is given to by a lady correspondent, it should ; be en for authentic,, The pieoe in which ahe peared is entitled " Across the Continent,'1, d was, so l learn, in the unused repertory Mr. Williamson. Both the piece and the tiess were received withmarkad tokens oi our. a Saturday night ihe new > arrivals, ol om mention was last week made, appeared the first time at the Apollo-halU Of the ree the wire, walker is entitled to chiel tice. Hit distinguishing'feitaze'is the t of his balking upon a verF«nall wire, eo wi that at a few yards'diatfcioe It would Olybeeeen. It 4a about the »f £ bell^ 1 suppose on account bf itssm&llnee;* moveuents of the performer *relimited! vtrtbeletB, he has a good batata andbia vementt are the reverie of ungiioefol « ibi order of meritar* the nimstotatkftu ut. Lewis bf Mr. Gladstone, Hri'Diatiell. ® Mr. Lowe. Tbey certainI tares oi those-gentlemen, i manner is a rough I resemble the .Istippose, of those distinguished BtateBmen. Of the comedietta of " Perfection-." the scenes from "The Hunchback" and from "Katherine ftnd Petruchio," performed by Mr. Lewis and Mise Maher, perhaps the IOBS said the better. They seemed to amuse the boys in the gal lery, but as the boys laughed a Rood deal in places where the laugh did not very well come in, I am afraid the boys were disposed to be ironical. Altogether, I am somewhat at a loss to explain why this company should come to Melbourne. The Fakir of Oolu beeps well up to'the point of completeness with which he com menced. He has combined hfc ghost-illusion with other accessories, and he has been con. oerned in a little drama outside his hall, to wit with Mr. Tom Lewis, who played the clown in the shadow pantomime. Mr. Lewis solemnly declares he doeB not drink, but the Fakir and Mr. Raynor, have solemnly de clared that he does. Mr. Call sides with the Fakir and Mr. Raynor, and so Mr. Lewis has lost his case and hiB place. Memo, for Mr. Lewis: Do not go to cricket matches ; or, if you go, do not get sleepy and forget the time the performance begins ; or, if you must go and get sleepy, pay a boy a whining to wake you up at half-past 7. The result of this case is so far bad for Mr. Lewis that everybody else who may be inclined to engage bim for clown business will be afraid of bis going to cricket matches and getting Bleepy. On Wednesday evening, Mr.W. E. G. Simons gave Bome "Dramatic Recitals" at St. Patrick's Hall, under the presidency of the Rev. Jos. O'Malley, S.J., in connexion with thb Melbourne Catholic Young Men's Society. The selection of subjects was a good one consisting, for the most part, of pieces well known to (he reading public. Mr. Simons reads with a great deal of feeling, which only requires to be a little more tempered with discernment, aided by practice, to justify his coming more prominently forward. Mr. and Madame Simonsen have pretty nearly completed their arrangements for tljeir company. They have encountered some difficulties in this business, but to a npman of Madame Simonsen's wonderful energy, rare vocal powers, and extraordinary basiness capacity, hardly anything is im". possible. Let it be remembered that Madame Simonsen and her talented husband have come to live among us, to be part of us, to throw their talents into the general stock of art-capital, of which we have comparatively bo little. I look for many advantages to this community from their return hither, so that I think we ought to do all we can to make their 'coming again agreeable and profitable to them. It is something to be regretted that the renewal of Madame Simonsen's re lations with the Melbourne public will not be in opera, and that we must look forward to a period nearer the end than the begin ning of the year for that pleasure. As it is sure to come, however, we have that plea sure in store. To-night she will sing at the Town-hall, and although the lyrical attrac tions have been unusually great during the week, it can bardly happen but that so un questionable a favourite, should have a nu merous gathering of her friends to give her an appropriate welcome. Mr. and Mrs. Cotterell and Mr. Vose were at Kyneton on.Monday and Tuesday nights. They had a good house, and the audience expressed themselves in a manner strongly demonstrative of their satisfaction at the efforts made to amuse them. Messrs. Burton and Taylor's circus has been travelling with agreeable results during the week in the south-western districts. They are now gone more distinctly westward. The other circus, under the command of Messrs. Ayrey andO'Neil, instead of touring, as was supposed, has come to a fall stop, and, on Thursday was sold at Kirk's Bazaar. iA correspondent frbin Dunedin sends me tt)e following " The Queen's Theatre, Danedin, Is still Er the management of Messrs. Steele and b, who, however; do not deem to'pant iovelty. Excellent Irasiness was done d wing the holiday season with the burlesque 11 htd a^ood run? Mira^an^St^^naon, who plj&yed; the hero Robinson, has been the attraction at this theatre tor the past Biz w£eks, replacing the Bates's. Who are at present idle., Miss Stephenson is a young. InnTi nnrnwuming fi stage presence, and is very clevgrineitherarama, comedy, or burlesque, having whatis commonly termed a' great- amount of ^go* In ber.She is ajcarefal and'intelligent actreBa, and one wnoJcb rapidly jiaing in her profession. i An adaptation of '4mf' is at present being §lajed with much s ucqess, . with Miss tjephenfOn as the "'pore', boy. ./Cigarette* is the next novelty pro&taed.-; The adapta tions are (especially made-1 for Mils Stephen* sonj < and alfe vely (pod ones. The new "Jry luxuries we ' ihave been unused to th|e-barns which now do duty for the&tres; 'in se)nsrall part^ : of the' colony. Mr. J4hn Scfuth's combination coijcludedthe fepeop on Saturday.,, Theit.jhufiqefU .was "At Qbristohorcli Mr.andMra.Hoekins.atoaat Wellington Mr.' and Mrs. Darrell still reign supreme. J4r. DwreU's localisation of Oarnot Hai^^j^tpia p$nu>mj| *" of .'frqpVulentos, was ft .profitable venture and arew UrgenouBes. It IS very highly epoken<bf.v< Mr. DiWell; I hear, Is hard at 'wprtfc iipon a new drama. < The- Queen's ?he*tret\ Auckland, has . been, in, a dis ^i&a;^iMd state for some weeks,: and businees s|obni}<&]ient}y slack. Mr.: and Mrs. Law ice' and Jenny Nye hold the boards, lfeon'e Am&riban; (arena. opened at Auck ^dbm tbe 16th, andis doing a nourishing bqsiws8.j[>UjW, not, vhowerer, I {im ltold. rap ? fcaard with. what success he/met. Davis's Sppabv Old a: satisfactory business in the ty-hall during the holiday season. He is f'P.u Mr,, ana Mrs. By era are, etui at Inver ratgwWit buiinebi is not ^assuring with liiMlri «..<<* j..- t TAHITC 1 