? ADVENTUfiES OF AN GIANT. IRISH CHAPTER II. —(CONTINUED. ) BY THE LITE GEEAIB Gummr. "And a very pretty name I think it is, captain," said a handsome young gentleman who sa£ on the opposite side of the table—"and somewhat national, too^-only the least in the world romantic. What do you think, Mrs. Irwin ?" The good lady, who had not yet left the room, and who happened to be engaged at that moment in a mental calculation as to the probable coBt of the child'B outer garment, replied, with a smile, that she did not know, indeed, but that it sounded very like a name in a play-book. "That's just it—I'm afraid they're players," said the justice ; "they're just the kind of folks who would be likely to play a trick of that kind. However, be whose daughter you may, Miss Erina Conway—or Miss Conway, if it please you better—here's to your good health, and welcome to Castle Tankard." The toast having been duly honoured, he filled a glass of wine for the nurse, which she modestly accepted, making a drop courtesy to the company before she raised it to her lips ; she then was made to relate the whole story again, from beginning to end, for the benefit of the company. At the conclusion, Captain Irwin announced the resolution which had been gradually forming itself in his mind throughout the day, of receiving the infant into his own family, until they could learn something of its parents, or dispose of it in some other way. He met but little opposition on the part of Mrs. Irwin, whose ideas of economy never extended beyond the direot expenditure of coin. The rest of the company applauded the worthy magistrate's benevolence, and all immediately began to manifest an interest in the little protege. A. curious, though apparently trivial, circumstance here occurred, which gave rise to a great deal of diversion at the time, though it was afterwards called to mind with more serious feelings. It was remarked that while the little Erina quietly and readily suffered herself to be taken and caressed by every other individual in the company (especially the good captain, whose red coat and jolly countenance seemed to have completely gained her heart), she always recoiled with distrust from the advances of the handsome young gentleman already alluded to. This was a circumstance deemed the more surprising, as he was not only by far the handsomest of the guests, but a person so highly esteemed in the family as to be often confidentially employed and consulted by the magistrate on occasions of emergency. It was in vain the handsome young gentleman put on what he considered his most winning smiles, pulled out his watch and opened the works of it. The cautious infant, amid a roar of laughter from the company, held out her hand for the toy, but JIO inducement could tempt her to trust herself for an instant into the hands of the owner. Few persons like to be the subject of laughter, however silly the occasion, and the handsome gentleman, who especially detested it, looked somewhat disconcerted. "She knows you, Cox," said Mr. .Irwin, laughing. " Come, fill your glasses—here's ' Absent Friends.' " " The little lady is modest," said Mrs. Irwin. "Dear knows then, ma'am," said the nurse, joining openly in the laugh, " I never seen her one bit shy of a sthranger before." "Well, nurse, you know what's to be done, at all events,'' said Mr. Irwin ; "take her home with you now, and we'll send for you both at the proper time. Come, Cox, what are you doing with the decanter ? If you're not thirsty yourself, your neighbour's child might. Fill your glass, man—the parson always christens his own child first. Here's ' The Land we live in.'" " The land we live in" was drank, and the ladies left the room. Mr. Irwin was confirmed in liis benevolent design, a few (lays after, by hearing from Dr. O'Gorman an account of his own nocturnal adventure, which both conjectured to be another scene, played by "the same characters. The doctor assured him that the parents were, beyond all : doubt, persons of high respectability, if not of distinguished rank ; and gave so favourable anidea of both, that Captain Irwin became more than ever convinced that their non-appearance would yet be satisfactorily accounted for. He determined, therefore, as long as the little Erina ,(w|iioh name he, with great.reluctance, -allowed her to retain) ahouldrdmain in iliig charge, to Jet her share all the • ad- 'vantages which he' allowed -to - his own ^daughters, and bring her np, s ia all re spects, on a footing of perfect equality. This' was -a resolution which he never afterwards regretted for an instant,' although years rolled away without his receiving further information of the fugitive parents ; and Erina Conway reached the season of womanhood with daily unfolding loveliness and amiability both of mind and frame. The nurse and " himself" (as she called her husband) pursued their intention of .emigrating to America, where they remained and prospered. CHAPTER III. SUCH were the real circumstances of the story, a grotesque and exaggerated version of which Mrs. Goggin, in her own peculiar phraseology, communicated to her attentive spouse. She concluded by an eloquent eulogium on the beauty and goodness of Miss Conway, whom Bhe very truly described as a favourite with all who knew her. Her singular beauty, of which she never manifested the slightest consciousness; her extreme gentleness of speech and demeanour ; a simple sincerity of intention that prevented her ever beiDg known to use an affected word or deed ; a humility and good sense which made her as dear to the old as her grace and loveliness made her attractive to the young ; these were but a few of the qualities which raised her, without her being aware of it, to the distinction she enjoyed in the eyes and esteem of all. So far was she, indeed, from assuming anything to herself on account of this universal favour, that (no trivial test of her goodnesB!) it never occasioned a moment's chagrin in the bosoms of any of her companions. So little she preferred herself before theng, that it seemed as if any piece of good fortune or distinction which befell her were equally shared by all. She was early made acquainted with the story of her own destitution, and her conduct ever after showed that she never forgot either the kindness which had been shown her or the gratitude which it demanded at her hands. Her influence with her benefactor was very great, partly on the score of affection, in which he held her next to his own daughters, and still more on that of intellect, in which he justly ranked her rather above them than otherwise. The worthy magistrate himself was more remarkable for his good nature than for any shining qualities of mind ; and his children did not even inherit the full portion of intellectual ability, such as it was, with which he was himself endowed. Poor Mrs. Irwin's powers of calculation never went beyond the daily cash account, and that on no very extended scale; so that imperceptibly the clever and cheerful Erina Conway became the acknowledged *' head" of the family, which thought, and computed, and, when necessary, corresponded for the rest, and did, in a word, the main intellectual business of the household. Amongst other kind ofiices which she exercised on behalf of her poorer neighbours might be counted her patronage of our hero, which had been the means of first making him known to the family of CaBtle Tankard, and was to him a source of many advantages. The circumstances under which Miss Conway made the acquaintance of the young Ballymalion giant were rather startling. It was soon after he had manifested decided intentions of outstepping the ordinary limits of human stature that he had been sent by his father with atambour frame, which in the lack'of more accomplished cabinetmakers, one of the servants at the castle had brought to the old joiner to repair, for Miss Conway's use. On arriving at the house he learned that the whole family dined out that evening at Villiers' Grove, the residence of a family with whom they were on intimate terms. Young Patcheen thought it better to await their return than run the risk of a flagellation at the hands of the joiner by going back without the money, and loitered about the grounds until he should observe them coming. In the meantime the party broke up at Yilliers' Grove, Miss Conway returning on horseback with the old captain, and the rest of the family in a covered car. It was bright moonlight when they left the Grove. Wishing to enjoy the romance of the scene in greater perfection, Miss Conway contrived to leave her eBcort and the rest of the party behind her, and rode on alone, indulging a thousand fancies as she hurried by dark woods and ruined castles, brawling streams and lonely forte or raths, all haunted by some venerable legend of the heroic or the supernatural. It frequently happens that few persons take a greater pleasure in' indulging the sense of the awful and supernatural, and toying, as it were, with their imaginetions than those who are farthest removed from Weakness of mind br the mere , influence of superstition. Miss Conway rode onward in the moonlight, Allowing her though tsfree rein, and buffering them them to people as they pleased, with their own fantftstic&l; creations, J "the shadowy landscapes which' she' passed.' ^ Now it waB the grisly and cowled fckeletohbf'the Geraiiaii%dhooi "of' rbmande glided amoftjjSt iBmbs ''Sfftfie* lb 1 ife!^' l &a;£ side churchyard; now it was the misty and gigantic ghost of Ossian floating upon the vapours of the hill, and mingling its dreary voice with the moan'of the midnight wind amd the deep and mournful murmur of the distant torrent; now the fairy revellers of the peasantry around her seemed sportingon a moonlit meadow, or the banshee drooped, with dishevelled hair and sorrowing attitude, beside a nameless brook. Other reflections, likewise, of a more everyday bind, though not less absorbing, and which were connected with the evening's amusement, contributed to augment the excitability of feeling which these thoughts occasioned. In the midst of such a crowd of fancies some idea may be formed of her astonishment when, on approaching the gate of Castle Tankard, she beheld, in the bright moonlight, standing on a low hedge at the road side, a figure of human shape, but of proportions far exceeding thoBe of ordinary men, and grasping in one hand a square, narrow frame, on the uses of which she could not even form a plausible conjecture. In her first surprise, she suddenly reined in her pony, and contemplated the slim and lengthy figure for some moments in bewildered silence. " In the name of Providence, who are you ?" she at last found courage to ejaculate. "A'boy o' the Goggins, Miss," was the undignified response of the spectre. " And what on earth brings you there ? or what do you want ?" "My father, Miss, that sent me home with the timber frame, that you wanted to have mended." " And what hour of night was this for him to send you with it ?" " Oh, he sent me long ago, Miss, only I was afraid to go back to him without the money." Satisfied that the case had no connection with the supernatural, Miss Conway, after a few more questions, dismissed young Patcy till the following morning, and rode along the avenue, laughing heartily at the strangeness of the incident. Patcy did not fail to present himself before her at the appointed time, and the interest which the whole family ever after manifested in his fortunes led his father to entertain the hope expressed in a former chapter, that they might do something to exercise the calling of a schoolmaster, which was all he thought him fit for. And now we have to go down on our bare knees, in all humility, to all the critics—weekly, monthly, and quarterly —and to acknowledge that we are wrong, and that they are right in what they have often sought to impresB upon us, in the course of our literary career, such as it has been, namely, that we know nothing of how a story should be told, and that they do. For, behold ! while we have been engaged in rescuing from oblivion the foregoing seemingly trivial occurrences, we have been wandering all the time from the important consultation between the parents of our hero, on which his future fortune seemed to depend. Most humbly, therefore, craving pardon for our fault, and submissively kissing the weekly switch and the monthly cane, and the quarterly sledge-hammer, we return to the joiner's workshop. Mrs. Goggin had scarcely concluded her narrative when a long shadow, which there was no possibility of mistaking for the property of any one but young Patcheen, was thrown acrosB the threshold. He entered, and laid a quantity of newlymade sprigs on the bench at which his father was at work. " Is it only now you bring 'em in to me 1" asked the joiner, with a fierce look. " 'Twas only now I was able to get 'em made," replied his son. " Go along in there, you idle, schamin' villain! If 1 did right 'tis to break your bones, I ought! How come he not to give 'em to you sooner ?" "He was gone over to Dr. Vanderkyst for a womit for his wife that was sick all the mornin'." "Gone for a womitV' repeated the joiner, with an incrednlous air; " I'll womit you, I will. Would he be all the day goin' across the sthreet for a womit ?" " He wouldn't, only there was nobody at the dispinsary to give it to him. The ould docthor was gone to town to the assizes, and the young docthor was gone fishing to the lake, so he had to wait in the shop while Martin went lookin' for him." The joiner was about to reply with additional harshness, when the conversation was interrupted by the sounds of music at a short distance. Going to the door, they beheld a groUp of itinerants, one playing a pandean pipe, another grinding s. caricature of a popular foreign air out of r a barrel' organ, and a third beating a that maid^MSri^^e^^E be thought lore nearly l$1Kft»£tiiiM. dog, with a cognoscent-looking monkey on nis b&ck;, who was presently called upon to display his accomplishments for the diversion of the admiring inhabitants of the small hamlet at the cross of Ballymahon. A thin and yellow- looking man, with very black, bushy whiskers, and very large eyes, who seemed to exercise authority over the rest, the moment his eyeB had lighted on young Goggin appeared to be scarcely capable of directing them to any other object. After having put the spectators in tolerably good humour by means of the music and the monkey, the travellers sought to repay themselves for their pains by obtaining a night's lodging in the hamlet. They biletted themselves without much difficulty on the principal cottages, the man of the black whiskers selecting for his quarters that of the surly joiner. Iti the course of the night young Patcy remarked that the stranger and his father talked much toether in an under tone, and whatever the subject of their discourse might be, it was evident, from the earnest expression of their countenances, that it was ne to them of more than ordinary inerest. The man of the huge whiskers ontrived to make himself entertaining to the people of the house in general, as well s to Bome visitors who dropped in "for he seed o' the fire," and on other preences of the like nature, throughout the vening, but, in reality, to see something f the great man who owned the monkey. he latter talked much in a curious ialect, compounded of broken English delivered with an Italian accentuation nd a strong infusion of the Irish brogue, f the wonderful adventures he had unergone by sea and land, and the astonishng instances of sagacity displayed on arious extraordinary emergencies by his dog and his monkey. (To be continued.) 