A TRIP TO NOOSA. "Cast off that hawser there.'' ''All gone.'' ' Go ahead easy.' And so we left Campbell's wharf in the Culgoa, on a certain afternoon last month, at about four o' clock—that is to say, at about eight bells (one should be as nautical as possible on such an occasion). "The shades of eve were falling fast" by the time we passed the lightship, and, while we were engaged in making various profound comments on that queer-looking ghost of a three-railed fence which marks 'Francis Channel,'' a greasy-looking youngster sud- denly appeared on the '' bridge,'' who confi- dentially informed each of us that arrangements had been made for the fortification of " inner man'' — or, as he put it, ' Tea's ready, sir.' So we came down stairs off the bridge— that is to say, we '' went below.' After tea we " be- layed' a bit, and then ' piped' all hands— all who smoked. Fortunately there was no moon that night, and consequently we were spared from any poetical reference to '' Chaste Diana,'' ' The Slivery Orb,' ' That orbed maiden,' &c.; ; but there were stars and waves, and so forth, therefore Byron, Moore, and Tennyson had , a bad time of it for a while. Ono harmless- looking individual actually broke out on the beauty of that astronomical swindle, the ' Southern Cross;' but he soon became con- scious again. This poetical fit had taken such an infectious turn that even I began to feel its baneful effects, for, at about half-past 11 I became impressed with the fact that ' I stood ' on the bridge at midnight, as the clocks were chiming the hour.' There was a watch on deck, of course, and a clock in the cabin, but as neither ' chimed' to any extent, my bit of Longfellow was simply nowhere. This was bad enough, but there was a lower depth still, for in sneaking down off the 'bridge,' I could not help thinking — The sea-fowl has gone to her lair, The beast has laid down in his nest, This line wouldn't come anyhow, And I to my cabin repair. The cabin was in the back part of the ship — in the stern of the vessel — and consisted of a goodly sized packing-case, with the lid at one side. In making a dive for this door, I fell over an individual who was so intently engaged in that form of book- keeping commonly known as 'casting up accounts,' that the poor soul was unable to evolve sufficient choice Saxon for my benefit, an attempt to do so, ending in what Mark Twain calls an attack of ' Oh my !' People 'turn out' in the morning at sea ; ashore they 'get up.' I did neither, I got down from my shelf. On looking about, I found we were rounding a rocky promontory which turned out to be Noosa Head ; and we were presently steaming across Laguna Bay admir- ing the beauties of the 'South Head.' The tops of the two hills were faintly tinged with the light of the sun which was just appearing above the horizon, while the cliffs and crags below, here and there interrupted by a charming little sandy cove, seen in a faint, mysterious half-light, gave a touch of fairy land to the whole scene, long to be remembered. Half an hour brought us close to the 'bar,' where Captain Clark took the wheel, making the little boat wriggle about in a most extraor- dinary fashion until she got fairly into the river. Sometimes he seemed to have deter- mined that this portion of our journey should be a sort of overland route— making direct for the shore or a sand-bank, till we were within a few yards of the mangroves, when whir-r goes the wheel and round spins the little vessel to right or left — I beg pardon, I mean 'ard-a- starb'd' or ' ard-a-port,' and we leave the mangroves behind us — astern, in fact. This river differs materially from the regulation Queensland pattern, in being almost a succes- sion of lakes. I believe it was originally named the Lake River by one of the pioneers of the district, Mr. Walter Hay, but was subsequently called the Noosa River. However, to continue. A few minutes sufficed to bring us up to the wharf at Tewantin, where we 'made fast.'' Who gave the place that barbarous name ? It is surely not of native origin. It seems to me to be a cockney attempt to indicate defective commissariat arrangements on the part of the Tewantinese, but whatever may be wanting, there is tea in abundance. Tewantin consists of a pleasantly situ- ated Telegraph and Post Office, a lock-up, two hotels, and one or two other houses. They have no butcher's' shop at present; but this want is not much felt, a supply of fresh meat being pretty regularly furnished from three sources, and there is always plenty of excellent fish. We put up at the Tewantin Hotel, where we were made far more comfortable than we had expected. The township has been surveyed, and, of course, the corner- allotment-jimmey game has been played here, as elsewhere. Strange to say, although Gympie men are the chief proprietors, yet they will not sell a foot of ground, unless they get a ridiculously exorbitant price for it. I find myself so near the end of my letter, that I suppose I must leave all about the shooting, fishing, pic-nicing, and general fool- ing about, for another paper. O, ye good Brisbaneites, who periodically take your melan- choly half-crown's worth of 'Lytton and the Bay,' what would ye not give to have those sandy coves, to which I have already alluded, as near to you as Lytton ! We actually made an expedition to one of these little bays, for the express purpose of drinking the deliciously cool water, which comes bubbling up through the sand. Whilst engaged in this innocent occupation, the opening lines of a beautiful and well-known poem occurred to me as being singularly appropriate, "From Queensland's icy fountains, From India's coral strand.'' 