FASHION— PROMENADE TOILETTE. Faille and bege, both pale stone oolour. The skirt is trimmed with a plaiting in front, stitched down several times, and at ° the back with fine plaitings foiling one over tbe other. The ong polonaise has a drapery at the back, likewise bordered with a plaiting. Large pocket at the side, ornamented with a faille bow. Bodice with turned-down collar, and sleeves terminating with plaitings. This illus tration is taken from one of the latest fashion pages of the Queen. * The profound psychology of Shakespeare, even where it embraces matters of medical science, often excites one's admiration. Still his writings are not without metrical errors, though these are very few. Thus, as M. Onimua points out in the Revue des Deux Mondes, tbe poisonous action of henbane, as depicted by the ghost in ' Hamlet,' is far from exact ; it is impossible that this substance poured into tke ear of a sleeping man could immediately produce ulcers and cause death. Shakespeare specifies with care the nature and effects of the poison, and thus lays himself open to such criticism. But his greatest mistake is in the scene where Desdemona is suffocated bv Othello with the pillow. The death is represented as solely by asphyxia ; no other kind of violence is used. If the mechanical cause were removed, life would immediately return, even though the asphyxia were nearly complete. Any one deprived of air some time would yet escape death if lie could respire again. Now, after being suffocated, Desdemona protests her innocence, and excuses Othello. If she could speak, of LUUIOC euc Uioawouj OUU JA OUQ MiCAUUCUf It noo UU|flfdOlMiD she should die asphyxiated. TVe can readily suppose Shakespeare would be averse to making Desdemona die by a bloody act, which would mutilate the fair form. But, as the matter stands, the last words of Desdemona should have been suppressed. ' Some infernal idiot has.put that pen where I can't find it,' growled old Asperity the other day, as he rooted about the desk. ' Ah, nm; yes, I thought so,' he continued In alower key, as he pulled tha article from behind his ear. 