WORRY AND ttS EFFECTS. To ro ever-cTay and coinniona stato o£ auucl as worry, rangiag, as it may be, from a flaaalnc "fit of tbe blues" np to the most 'pcricnant mental anxiety veRarding life itself, j little- Importance is populirly attached ; and 1 Mticciilly among to exceptionally nervous V".' raoid a ncoule as tho Americans, tho fart of a person euocmr.bing under mental F.tnun is of too ordinary occurrence to give lire to extended comment. To the hat of the insano immured in asylums and brought thither through hereditary or by their own cxccrsrs, thousands aro added suffering wi;h broken minda induced by anxiety : ' hut the 3rent_ majority of people thus effected coi?tiano_ in their places iu society, by no means lunatics nor maniacs, nor idiots, hut nevertheless of brain unsound in part3. The world sometimes dubs them "eccentric;" and, if they bo ao dtstin- j-uiehed, their odd habile, absence of mind, and like traits furnish rich material for the bio-rapkor ; in other cases the eccentricities become crimes, and indiscriminating justico may d-elare the life forfeited because of tbe -votkings of hidden faculties, uncontrollable, because disorganised. Worry, then, is dangerous, more so than tho alcohol which kills tho drunkard ; for tho latter in volves: a tsxto nnd habit which may bo put a.n' le ; the firmer is the creature of neces- si' v, and creeps insidiously into every man's lif -. Its physiological effects, therefore, should be clearly nnd Adequately realised. , And tho knowledge of tho ills may, in some litsi ances, prevent the existence of the cause. Dm ing tho early ltages of dementia induced by mental anxiety, Dr. fciohardson tells us, in Ins Diseases of Modern Life there is nothing more than an increased tension of tho minute vessels which supply tho brain. In later stages the substance of tho nervous tissue itself undergoes a modifica tion by v. hich iti activity is permanently lost. > These are the physiological conse- queii'te", inert brieliy summed up. I'lio .irrt/symptom is a want of lull bodily vigor thVu follows craving for more work, dis- tiu/bcd sleep, route sensitiveness to external ii" urcssious, and finally, strange figures and , uuila are seen and heard. This condition amy continue for years, nnd tho sufferer iu ti ice may begin to accept abnormal creations r.i natural. Dr. Richardson cites a caso of a merchant, who for n week retained iu his vision the spectra of three lights, oval in shape, of tbe rize of :;n egg, aud so clearly de fined to the observer that he would wateli thein liahVconsciously as they floated before i mil on t! o wall, the ceiling, or iu space, lu this stage'of the disease lies the foundation of all hypotheses of ghost-seeing, of- ecstatic visions, and even of poetic frenzy. A curious instance directly in point, which came to our notice very recently, is that of a well known writer on tho press, who, for some timo past has devoted attention to the subject of mor bid mental conditions. This gentleman, in a letter to a daily journal, states himself to bo tho victim of the horrible spectacle of two men hanging from a gallows, a sight Which he onco beheld while .acting as a city reporter. Tho suspended corpses aro clearly brought before him by tho sound of rain (the execution occurred during a rainstorm), and also by the sound of laughter, since, through some uncontroll able impulse during tho hanging, ho was induced to utter an untimely peal of merri ment. That tho writer's brain is injured, possibly by the excessive mental strain peculiar to his profession, seems probable j nod the lesiou is manifested, as already do. scribed, by the constant recurrence of tho apparition. J t is a well-known fact that wo have two natures, one purely organic nnd emotional, and tho other subject to tho reasoning powers. The organic nervous | chain exists in tho body as a link between emotional mental acts and vascular sup ply. An impression from without, made : through the organs of the senseB upon the emotional centres, is reflected directly from them to tho vascular expanso. Tho part flushes or blanches, and tho heart hesitates, ' palpitates, rebounds or intermits; so that ' these centres, excited by anxiety, or grief, ' or joy,' or Borrow, influence the waves of blood passing through tho system, and tho brain promptly feels tbe imperfect regulation of the supply. Under varying tensions of i the vessels, there aro flashes, chills, cold- 'i pess of tho extremities, and other i" oppressive symptoms, while in' addition ji! appear tho distressing riDging or hammer. V jog sounds in tho head. These sounds 'j aro arterial murmurs, vibrations of the !, blood which press with each impulse of tho ijl ljeart on the bony surroundings of the re- i : | laxed carotid canal situated at tho base of i t tho skull. Tho canal is in direct couueetion, tUby solid conducting substances, with the organs pf hearing, and thu3 tho faintest V: vibration is detected. The sound produced 'i- when it is sudden and unexpected, a3 in 'D moments o£ fear, is occasionally mistaken Ji' for a sound proceeding from without, with if no obvious cause. Thus, tho BuU'crer is 1 1! likely to seo visions and lioar strange : ,, noises, impalpable so to speak, but as purely ill physical as tho most common tilings iu !i lifo- In somo instances they are actual per- ' i> ceptions of real facts or objects, caught by an 'iiestrcmely susoeptiblo and delicate nervous : ! surface. In others they aro an intensified i i ' recognition ot movements within tho body ; 1 ' hot in the vast majority of instnnoos they i '' ar aotual impressions made at some time on I l tib organism, and now recalled and rendered ' i i more definite by constant recurrence. At '1 1 tliis point, if tho mental Jiowers be allowed lijpggt, and tho fountains of oaro bo closed, I recovery may take place ; but if the over- ("strain continue, ika disease assumes 'still graver form. There is a madden- ! ' jdS desire for work, more work, coupled I ! with the sad sensation that the physical ..'ptrwers are failing; and then there are i . Jjvpses of memory. The man of business for- l/yts important details, lie is irritable, dis- jl i jrusts everybody and .himself most, makes |j . |,njstakes, and yot persists in accumulating H.p.oro work ou himself. The poet aud nn- i- ' ivclist become over-nnntiinental and morbid ; i ithe man troubled with remorse for guilt con- ; I -fe£33 his crimo or commits suicide. The i I downward course is jnpid ; in one caso I I Ipi- ilopsy occur-;, in another paralysis, a third I 1 idovelops somo hereditary malady like cancer, I 1 h fourth dies from nervous failure aud local i, ' disease- of some vital organ. Tho majority, 'escaping these special ends, become prema- ' 1 .Vurely old, and .sink helplessly into death. ; ' brain becomes disorganised, the balance J ;;3 broken, and anarchy succeeds to wlrnfc onco li was order. In every brain, in fact, there is j i '.-ch l'p primitively a kingly force, to which j other forces beud. '('be king may he i\ hffoo'f 01' had, ho may be an hereditary king i' ;/r o usurper, but be holds tbe balance ; kill I ' 'tUo king," and, in ninety-nine cares out of a j, l.uTjdred, the kingdom" ia made eliaoa and ( '- dafD night. 