' " UNITED STATES '" ' ' The President's Proposed Amendment to the . v Constitution. ' 1 A proiriinent topic of' discussion,; riot only in the' religious but'" also < iri the secular press," just .) now. is. the public ;school question. ' It has :beeri brought.fprward/by. the attention the President gives it in his annual" message to Congress. In /that document) the ' President . proposes '.an 1 amendment 1 to the Constitution of the U nited .States, requiring the several-States . to give free education r to, all their -children, and forbidding the appropriation7 of money to the aid, (directly or iridirectlyV of ariy religious sect or denomina- .tion. He would; irioreo ver, forbid the teaching of ' ' religiousj' atheistic. or pagan tenets" iri the (public schools. , - On (the. question , thus raised , (.opinion. is very much divided.) Protestants are substantially agreed "that the public rnoriey ought not to be appropriated to sectarian uses. When it: comes, however, to forbiddingireliyious teaching in ; our schools there, are a. good many demurrers. Protestants are entirely willing that sectarianism, the peculiar views of- the different denominations, should find no place in) (school instruction ; ..but how you can separate morality and religion— for of course-no one calls :'for immoral teaching — many are at' d great loss to know. \\- -,i The . Roman ; Catholics, in the nature of the case, : do - not favour - this proposed amendment. They claim : that our schools are " godless " now.;- they call for a pro rata division of the school funds, that they may have schools under .their: own control, y: So ;they will not' want Pre sident Grant's amendment. .;.;a/uY Mr; Blaine's Amendment. , i The, late Speaker, of the House of > Representa tives, : Mr. Blaine,, .wrote <a letter just after the Ohio election,' in October, but which was not made public till a week or two ago, in which he points out the fact that/ though the Constitu tion of the<Uuited. States declares that " Con gress shall; make, no law respecting an Establish ment of religion, , nor prohibiting the exercise thereof," yet it does not prevent a majority of' the people in any State, if they desire it, from haying an Established Church, under which the minority may . be taxed for the erection of. church edifices which they never enter, and for the support of creeds which they do not be lieve;" Mr. Blaine proposes to cure this defect in the Constitution, and to prevent a hurtful agitation on the school question, by adding the following to the inhibitory clauses in Section 10, Article 1, of the Federal Constitution " No State shall make any law respecting an Establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; and no money raised by taxation in any State for the support of public schools, or derived from any public fund there for, shall ever be under the control of any religious sect ; nor shall auy money so raised ever be divided between religious sects or denominations." Mr. Blaine has already introduced this amend ment into Congress. It remains to be seen whether it will be adopted by that body. It must be ratified by the States before it can be- : come law. Many of the secular papers approve of the proposition, and think it would command an immense majority on the popular vote. The effect of such action, it is hoped, would be to take the school question out of politics. This is certainly a consummation devoutly to be wished. The introduction of the religious element into political questions would be the introduction of bitterness beyond anything wo have yet seen. The Romanists have thus far found to their cost that it is unwise for them to bring their measures into politics. It is a good time now to adopt such an amendment, before the matter goes farther. It is a step in guarding against an evil more easily taken, and likely to be more unanimously taken, now than later. I hope I do not seem to the readers of At Home and Abroad to give too much attention to this school matter, but the papers are full of it, and I should not be giving a faithful tran script of the state of thought here uulcss I pre sented it. We feel that at this point just now is the greatest danger from the attacks 1 of Romanism. We believe that our common school system is inseparably bound up with the welfare of our free institutions ; . we ' must demand, therefore, that this system of free education be preserved intact. " Messrs. Moody -and Sankey?; /n';. are still holding their meetings in Philadelphia,- and with gratifying success. ; Tho crowds - are very large, and the -meetings -for. religious in-: quirers well attended. The results of tne meet ings in Brooklyn, .have not r, been s altogether what . were hoped. /Not soma'ny.eonversions resulted as would, .most .likely, have been ,the case had the(' church-goers been more 'readyfto give wayr iff 'favour, of. non- church-goers, v Fewer of the ' " outside " masses were reached- than- ought to have been ;the case. . Still there were a goodly number (of. conversions in all; and', the churches undoubtedly1 were stirred- up to' in creased activity. This in a good , degree still continues. Earnest preparations are being made for the coming of the1 evangelists to this city in February, Many of the churches, in the imme diate vicinity -of the city have been blessed with the evident presence of the Holy Ghost ;- and that is far .better, than a visit from Messrs. Moody and; Sarikey. —From the Mew York Cor' respondent of At Home and Abroad. . - Protestant 'Church :. in' Rome: — Rome, March 25.— The' new American Church; builtin the Via Nazionale, . . and ded icated , to St. Paul, was solemnly: consecrated ..this, morning by Dr. Littlejohn, Bishop of Long Island, assisted by the Bishops1 of /-Peterborough,- Gibraltar, Down and Corinor,; and' Nebraska, the Rev. Dr. Heyin, Chaplain of the American Congregation ; the Rev. Mr. Wasse, Chaplain of the English Con gregation ; the Rev. Lord '-'Plunket, and a large number of minor clergy; , ; The; Bishops and , the clergy went in procession along the -Via- Nazion ale amid an irrimense crowd assembled to witness this unusual sight. Tho edifice, which has accommodation for sev.en hundred persons, was designed by Mr. Street,' arid has been erected at a cost of 700,000 1 francs/(£2S,000).— Ae'adiMy Mercury. .' "'/- Roman Catholic Lideraeity.— It appears 'that the Rorriarir Catholic contributions to .the Hospital1 Sunday Fund, which were £639 in ,1873; arid"£596 in 1874, fell last year. to; £526— that1 is, 1 to" little - more . than. a-' fortieth -part' of what was' given by- members of- the Church'1, of England' ! This, relatively ' to the number/of Roman' Catholic patients, is not a tithe of what ;ought -to' have been forthcoming. ' Nothing/ is easier than to expatiate on the virtue of charity at other people's . expense, and -.when Dr. Manning next repeats tho proeess at a meeting of the (Hospital Fiirid Committee; we/trust he,, will be answered in accordance with these facts. —Rock. ' '' 1 - Iiil ' Penitential Wnir " in Nottingham. — Dr.- -Bragshaw; the new- .Roman Catholic 'Bishop- of Nottingham, who i has made himself unpopular iri his flock by having 'abolished /the musical service; to .which they had - been accus tomed, and by separating the exes - when/ at : worship;- has just introduced the 1 flagellum, or " penitential '; whip." Many of ' -the .congrega tion will riot submit, but a large seetiou of the most devoted, males go to the cathedral, strip . to the waist, and, accordirig to orders", lash their bare flesh with a sort of cat-o'-five- tails. The novelty has caused quite a sensation in the town. ; Servantqalism, with all its evils, is rife in Sydney;; arid (mistresses are obliged to take the girls as they can get them. A lady, who (had been put to much inconvenience by the loss of a good servant, who , left her for the purpose of being herself a housekeeper, or in other words for the purpose of getting -married, advertised for a house and parlour maid, and has tried no less than eleven girls within1 a little more., than two months. Some are helpless, some thick headed, others slovenly and dirty, and others outrageously careless, -and given to tipple. -/The last. was one of the careless . and tippling sort. She was as smiling and as attentive to every thing the first day as possible; -and managed1 to conceal her birthplace until evening, when her previous statement that she had been born and reared in Hobart Town looked doubtful by the side of: "I gist come over fer me filth's sake about two mouths ago-a." Butas she looked to be a pretty good servant, little notice was taken of her. Hibernian origin, arid she did her work , as ;far as tea and tea-time were concerned very well. In the evening she wanted to go out, permission for which wa3 refused, and then the trouble began. By breakfast time the next morning she had left undone many things she ought to have done, tested tho strength of various pieces of crockeryware by letting them fall, and driven the mistress pretty nearly to Gladesville. By night she became somewhat hysterical, with evident signs about her of having recently been imbibing, but with some assistance and coaxing tea was got through, and then the girl or woman disappeared. The house was a lodging-house, I should have said, and at the hour of retiring to rest, one of the lodgers found the girl lying across his bed sleeping the sleep of intoxication. This was about the ex- treinest limit to which a servant, however good, could be permitted to go, and it was considered advisable to awaken the heavily breathing female and send her about her business. The worst of this state of things is there is no remedy ; the girls cannot be punished ; they seldom even take their box to a new place ; and thereis nothing to prevent them doing just as they please— stayingno longer than they think proper. 