GODS AND ENDS. A WiLirao Subscriber.— An innocent fresh man at Oxfordj after ho had paid the various collogo and- university fees, was told ho must subscribe to tho Tfairty-Nine Articles. 'With all my heart,' said ha; ' pray, how much is it V Ah Overflowing Audience.— One night, when a music nail, at Hunucrlann, was crowded to excess, a man foil from the gallory into tho pib. A carpenter who was sitting in the pitexolaimod, ' Wey, that caps aall, Tfiej plyece ia full, aa' ono owor I' . Miss Blasciie (to tho old coachman) : 'Ob, John ! will you, put' thia worm on tho hook for mo? I can't bear/ to do it*' Old John (du biously) : 'Well, I'm 'sure some 0' tho young gentlomen would nofc.uiind, Miss; but I've rathor adalicoij stomach myself, Mijps, and I 'eave at any thing 1' ' ? A you.va man fell in lovo with, a maid-servant, but lacked tho courago to tell her so. At last ho mot her one evoning fetching homo tho cowa, and seeing a bright now handkerchief . round her neck, ho said—' That's a bonnio hankio ye have on. Mary.' ' Wud-yo-likg it, John ?' aim asked. J'Aj, an- versertao, Mary/'. Ho got both, i It haa. been Batiofactorily. dbinonBtratcd- that jwhon. a nian_.Btopa;on ft bar of soap, which haa ^beenjeft oa-thQ,tpaiBtcp*ii willtatart' djusrastasra -wjWi hiiu, ami tfioufiji haviDg much-, too beats start, will yot be overtaken and pawed by him beforo it gets half way down. This sounds almost liko an Eastern allegory, but every married man knows it ia true— Banbuyi/ A:cw3. Mn, Glad3tojie ia not rcmarkablo, as far as popular ropoifc goes, for hn witty snyings, and tho few mols of this description which ho has let fall li:lvo bcon generally concealed iu his corrc spondenco with tho ladies of big circle, iho other day, howevor, he is reported, at an even ing gathering at which thegamo of ' deliniliona' waa being played, to havo ottered aa his solution of the word 'deputation' — 'a noun of multi tude, meaning tnan-y, but not signifying much.' A Cuosa Examination. — A witness in court waa severely croas-exfuuiued, by tho attorney for tho other aido, with a viow £0 elicit a confession from tho man that somo attempt had been made to got him to difFcr in his evidence. 'Now,' said tho gentleman of tho law, ' havo thcro nob been somo persona trying to 30b you to alter your statements?' 'Yea, sor.1' 'How many '!' ' Lots 0' them.' 'Now, just toll us who thoy arc ?' ' Woy, to tell tho truth, thoo'a tried nboot aa hard as ony on 'oin !' Keep it Private. — Somo years ago, tho sub ject of co-operation wa.i freely disrated in a village in tho north of England. It was proposod to hold a meeting with a view to establish a store. Subsequently, a mooting was hold, a coinmiUco formed, o(liccr3 choson, and tho usual fonnalilics gone through. Tho president, bcJng desirous to start at once, mooted tho question of appointing [ a Buitablo person to act as shopman. This bothered tho lneoting for a timo ; finally, after a livoly debate, it was agroed to advertise. A mem ber of tho coiumittco thereupon roso to his feet, and frankly exclaimed. ' Noo, lads, if yp aro gannin to advortiso. aa d adviso yo to do it aa private as possible ! Halving this Fee.— A worthy old gentleman in tho country, having employed an attorney, of whom ho had a protty good opinion, to do somo law business for him in London, was greatly surprised, on hia coming to town, and domandiug hia Dill or law chargea, to find that it amounted to at least three times tho sum ho expected ; the honest attorney assured him that thero waa no articlo in hia bill but what waa fair and reason able 'Nay,' said tho country gentleman, ' there's ono of thorn I am sure cannot bo so, for you havo sot down threo shillings and fourponco for going to Southwark, when none of my business lay that way ; pray, what is tho meaning of that, sir?' ' Oh sir,' said ho, ' that was for fetching tho chine and turkey from tho carrier's that you sent mo for a present out of the country.' About Pork, — Mr. Sayro, of Lexington, lisps a littlo, and a good story is told of him, tho bettor for ita truth. Somo years since an over seer on one of his farms told him ho needed somo hogs. Saya Mr. Sayro :—' Very well, go and buy four or fivo.thouth and pigth right away, and put them on tho farm.' Tho man, accus tomed to obey, and that without question, asked, ' Shall I take tho money with me to purchase 1 them !' ' No, thir. They all know mo. Thond thorn here— I'll pay for them, or givo you monoy to.pay when you get them.' Tho overseer wont hia way, and in two weck3 returned, when tho following conversation took placo : — ' Well, Mr. Sayre, I can't get many pigs. I havo ridden all oyor the country, all about, and can buy between eight and nino hundred.' ' Eight or nino hun dred what?' 'Bight or nino hundred pigB.' ' Eight or nine hundred pigth ! Who told you iu uuj vuut uiuujr i'Ktu : aio yvu j, 1001 ; ' You told mo to buy thorn two weeks since. I havo tried to do it.' ' Eight or nino hundred pigtkl I never told you any thuth thing!' ' But you did— you told me to go and buy four or five thousand pigs.' 'I did no thuth thing, I told you to go and buy four or fivo thouth and ?their littlo pigth, and you have dono it. I thould think.' Mr, Sayre had pork to sell in tho autumn. Mixed,— Said Mr. Blinks to Mr. Spavins, both of whom were colobrating Christmas together, ' l litte to read (me) gooa authors.' ' So ao-I,' acquiesced Mr. Spavins,' ' so do I.' ' JBut tho man that I like beat i3 Mr. Wavorley— - ' 'Mr. Who V ' Mr. Waver (hie) ley. He's the feller that wrote 'er Old Curiosity Shop j liko him first-rate.' 'No, no ; you'ro drunk. Dickens wrote Old Curiosity Shop,' said Mr. Spavins, who liked to bo correct. ' I know bettor. But even Mr. Waverley don't havo tho ghost of a (hie) chance 'long aide of Dr. Johnson.' 'O, get out ; Dr. Johnson was a jawbreaking old fellow, whoso essays weighed fourteen pounds to th'o square inch. It's a well-known fact that when Cforrick played in his tragedy of ' Irene,' ho dislocated his jaw by the pronunciation of his own name,' said Air. Spavins. ' But I mean tho Dr. Johnson (hie) that wroto a book called Shakspeare,' exclaimed Mr.' Blinks. 'Espe- cially do I tbink it interesting (hie) where Romeo aaya to Juliet, when ho meets him in Eomo, ' Lay on Macduff, and d— ' ' ' Nation.' added Mr. Spavins, concluding tho quotation for him. ' Don t you know any better than that ? You havo got threo playa mixed up into one.' 'X know what I'm about, I think (hie),' said Mr, Blinks, indignantly j ' but Milton's Homer by Mrl Iliad ia regular sublime.' ' O heavena !' murmured Mr. Spavins, Bhocked at hia frioad's ignorance. 'What have yottf'been drinking to day, any bow ? It waa Milton that wroto Para dise Lost, you fool.' ' Has— haa it ever been found yet V innocently inquired Mr. Blinks. That waa too much for tha rofmod Mr. Spavins, who arose and rushed from tho room, leaving his friend soliloquising thusly : — ' Well, I thought Spavina know more than ho does, but (hie) if ho ain't the ignorantest man out of jail. B'licvo if a feller was to ask him who wrotb Byron's pooms ho would say Henry Ward Bccchor, instead of Victoria Woodhull,' — Pittsburgh Leader. How . Fiuxklis Secured a Seat. — Dr. Franklin owed much of his extraordinary success to his keen insight into human nature, and a sagacity that quickly perceived, tho best and readiest method of obtaining, a desired end. To. bo sure, all hia stratcgotic movements wero not; always commendable, but thoy were more humorous than injurious, of which tho following is a characteristic specimen : — In tho year 1772 Franklin visited Boston, and on his return to Philadelphia, at every stopping placo ho was beaet with officious inquiries for his name, busi noss, &c.;» on which ho determined to. bo boforo hand with such interrogatories in future At the next tavern ho registered . himself as. Benjamin Franklin, from Boston to Philadelphia, a printer not worth a dollar, eighteen years of age, a singlo man seeking, his fortuno, &c;, and hia singular introduction checked .all further inquiries, and effoctnally. repulsed . tho daring, propensity of Yankeo inquisitiveness. At ono of tho public housc3 thQ.lireplaco was scrrounded by men so closely packed that our traveller could not ap proacn near enough to feel any of * ita agroeable warmth, and boing cold and chilled j ho called' out: ' Hostlor, have you any ojatcrai'.' Yes, sir,' said tho man. ' Woll, then, givo my horse a peck.' 'What, givo your horso 'oyBterai'' ' Yes,' retortod Franklin, ?' givo hinv a peck o£ oysters.' Thov hostlor carried out tho oysters, and many_ pccupauts.of tho fire-place wont with him to witness tho gTcat curiosity of a horao cat inj? oyslcjs. Franklin seated himsolfcomfortably before; tho. firo and) derived much satisfaction and1 enjoyment from tho funny experiment. Soon tho man carno in, and tho company with' rueful faces CHprdEScd rno3t decided dissatisfaction at their disappointment; ' The hora- wonld not oat the oysters,, sir;' and they. had-, lost their horao : comfortable, warm seats. ' .WoD,, if tho* horce I I won't cat' them, HI- eat- thota-'mywlf, and you may tr^hini-'witha seqlcof: cots,' ? ' i 