THE BRITISH ARCHEOLOGICAL ASSOCIATION. MR. ARTHUR Honosojf AT HOME, THE annual meeting of this association was held in August, at Stratford-on- Avon. Are abstract a portion of the proceeding, as interesting to many friends of Mr. Hodgson in this colony and also in Queensland. At Clapton Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hodgson received the party, showed them the house and grounds, and then hospitably entertained more than a hundred guests at luncheon in a marquee on the lawn. Mr. Hodgson then read a pleasant and excellent paper on Clapton House and the' Cloptons. Mr. Hodgson said " CLOPTON AND THE CLOPTOHS. " In reading this paper on Clopton and the Crop- tons, I feel that I lay myself open to the charge of some presumption. I cannot aspire to be an archaeologist ; my knowledge of the subject is of a very limited description. In Australia-where I have spent the best years' of my life we cannot boast of time-honoured monuments ; everything there has been built up with in a century. My residence there was a log hut, fashioned by my own hands ;: and I may be allowed to add that I have been under Providence, as a pioneer squatter, the architect of my own fortune. I shall road this brief and imperfect paper with the hope of eliciting rather than of giving information. Samuel Ireland, writing in 1705, says : 'Of this venerable house, with the Church of Strat- ford in the distance, I have annexed a faithful sketch. It presents an irregular front, built in the time of Henry VII. ; the grand aspect has been modernised, and is in so indifferent a style as to be unworthy of notice.' This house, independent of its family associations, has in fact little interest ; it has no claim to fine architecture: the north and west sides are said to have been built in Henry VIII's time; and happily one morsel of the original house has been spared. It stan s at the back, and was a porchway entrance across the ancient meat, and Shakespeare and his friends must have passed scores of times under its portal. The most ran directly in front of it, and was some years back, disturbed in order to lay some modern foundation. VarioUs reliques of by- gone days were on that occasion discovered, among them three sack bottles of stunted form, made of the coarsest glass, bearing the crest of John a Combe, which I purchased at the sale. The south and east part was reconstructed by Sir Edward Walker, in the time of Charles II., probably about the year m65. Walker died in this house in 1677. He, in 1649, went over to Holland, and direct to Charles II to convey to him the news of the painful tragedy of January 30th (the execution of his father;. Some forty years ago, it was fast falling into decay, when it was resuscitated by the wealth of my predecessor, who added the drawing-room and orangery, altered and pulled down a large number of small Toms, and modernized, with questionable taste, much of the original building. The attic story of this house was formerly used as a chapel, and on its walls, in Ireland's time, were several scriptural inscriptions in black letter, and paintings on religious subjects, some of which my venerable friend, Mr. Fisher James, who I am glad to see here to-day, can well remember when he was a resident herein 1321. These paintings and inscriptions are now unfortunately effaced by whitewashing and papering, but I have serious thoughts of pulling down the paper, and bringing these rude and quaint frescoes to light. In this attack a number of goods and chattels, the property of one Ambrose Rokewood, one of the Gunpowder Plot conspirators, who lived here at the time (1606), were seized and forfeited to the Crown, an inventory of which is exhibited at the museum, Shakspere's birth-place. Pope Sixtus 4th, A.D. 1474, granted to John Clopton and his heirs, leave to have Divine service celebrated in a private chapel. William Howitt gives a sketch of Clopton House from the pen of a lady who was at school at Stratford in 1829, and, writing about the chapel, she says-I went in on my hands and knees, for the entrance was very low,' and she goes on to say, ' every here and there as I wandered, I came upon a fresh branch of a s disease, and so numerous were the crooked, half-lighted css sages, that I wondered if I could find my way back again.' This description would do for Compact AVynyates. On the door in the room adjoining the chael are some large blood stains, where a horrible murder is supposed to have been committed and the legend is that the victim has walked ' ever since. My predecessor introduced was all over the house and into the attic, which has had the desired effect, as I have been told that ghosts- do not care about being lighted up. At the rear of these gardens is a succession of small fish ponds and beyond is a spring, in which Margaret Clopton is supposed to have drowned herself. It is now arched over nearly level with the ground, being only open at one end. This never failing spring supplies the house with water. One stone laid at the back, but which was probably laid at its mouth, are inscribed the initials S. J. C, 1686, no doubt those of Sir John Clopton, who died in 1892, and who most probably first inclosed this well. It may not be uninteresting to glance at the pedigree of the Clopton family, who took their surname from this 'manor, and resided here for upwards of 500 years. Clopton was granted by Peter de Montfort to John de Clopton in the reign of Henry III. Dugdale gives the date as 1236. Passing rapidly over the members of the family we come to Walter Clopton, who, in the time of Edward I., assumed the surname of Cockfield, from an E sex property, but his grandson, John, reassumed the name. He was the father of . Hugh,' a celebrated mercer, who, having made a very considerable fortune in London, became Lord Mayor of London in 1492. This knight may he said to have refounded the family, and was a special munificent benefactor to Stratford. He spanned the Avon with a substantial bridge, built Clopton House, where on more than one occasion he received King Henry VII., built Kew Place, where Shakspere lived and died, bequeathed large sur is of money for the support of many excellent charities, glazed the chancel of the Parish Church, raised a monument to the glory of God by the erection of the Guild Chapel close to his own house, known as New Place and in the year 1496, in London, at the advanced age of 78 (bachelor), he meekly and honourably died. Come we next to Joyce Clopton, daughter of William Clopton, born in 1558, married in 1886 to George Carew, created Earl of Totness, the very celebrated Master of the Ordnance. She died in 1936, and is buried with her husband in Clopton Chapel. There was no issue from this marriage. One more of the name remains to be mentioned that of Sir Hugh Clopt at, who committed a gross act of Vandalism by the demolition in 1700 of the house erected in 1400 by his ancestor, Sir Hugh Clopton, and built on the same spot another house, which the ruthless Gastrel raised to the ground. The Clopton family had been decaying ever since the civil war ; the last of them married Mr. Partheische. She died towards the end of the last century, and left the estate to Mr. Schrimsten, her nearest of kin, who took the name of Clopton. He died without issue in 1915. The estate then passed into the hands of others, who all (five in number) died without issue, when it was purchased by Mr. Fisher Totnes, who sold it to Mr. George Lloyd ; he left it to his nephew, the late Mr. Charles Warde, from whose executors I purchased it at auction in 1873." - INFANT MORTALITY. To die of extreme youth (remarks the Pall Mall Gazette) is unfortunately more common in England than to die of extreme old age and the extent of what is termed " infantile mortality " in some towns and districts is really almost beyond the bounds of decency, considering that the English pride themselves more than other people on their family instincts. The Salford medical officer of health, in his annual report, mentions as a deplor- able fact, to which too much prominence cannot possibly be given, that for many years past nearly half the children born in Salford have died before they reached the age of five years. This melancholy state of affairs is attributed chiefly to a most pernicious and unnatural practice, now only too common among mothers, of leaving their infants a few weeks or even a few days old to the care of older children, or others equally incompetent to look after them with that watchful care which their tender age undoubtedly requires." The ''feeding-bottle" is also credited with being one of the causes of this frightful mortality among the Salford children. Where infants are left to the sole care of children only a few years older than themselves, or of other incompetent persons, the feeding-bottle, as the report points out, becomes a s source of great danger, and is far inferior to the more antiquated but far preferable method of feeding with the spoon. Milk in the bottle, besides being in the first instance probably adulterated, soon becomes sour and, as a matter of course, poisons the infants by dozens. Children in Salford who survive the dangers of the first year's existence generally fall victims to indigestible food ; it being the habit of their parents to share their own dinners with their offspring without reference to the requirements of infancy, and when they fall ill to place them under the treatment of quack doctors. In fact, in Salford, as elsewhere, there is! läSS&iSl; a gwjjfjifeft Tflfoyra. as r.u,rfigT gWfi^gJffiWl 