MELBOURNE. January 26. It is intended to erect a handsome building on the site of the Criterion Hotel for an Exchang. The general offices are to cost £80,000, to be raised by an issue of debentures. An Academy of Music is to be erected at the Variety opera house. The defalcations of Clarke, the secretary of the Building Society, reach £4000. January 28. A box of jewellery valued at £3000 has been seized, for being smuggled as passengers' luggage by a presumably respectable firm. A member of the Birmingham School Board is travelling in the colonies for the purpose of obtainind an insight into the various educational systems. A priest has refused the burial rites in conse- quence of the children of the deceased being taught in the State School. John Bell, one of the earliest settlers in Victoria, is dead, worth half a million. The Primary School will open on Monday next. The children have had a long holiday, and should be glad now to go to school. A slaughtering license was granted yesterday to Meesrs. Harvey and Chick for the new ground granted to them by the Warden for slaughtering yards. A parcel of 50 ozs. 3dwts. of gold from 88 tons of quartz, was brought in yesterday from the No. I SW. Moonstone to the Queensland National Bank. Mr. Erlich, watchmaker, has commenced business in Millchester. Being a practical tradesman, Mr. Erlich is likely to find plenty work. On the application of Mr. Cooper, in the police court yesterday, Axall Walter was allotted to act at agent for George Cooper in the Sportman's Arms, pending transfer of licence. A fine reef has been struck in the Eastward Ho. The bottom of the reef referred to in our last was cut out on Wednesday, and the other reef was struck. They intended shooting down the reef yesterday. The returns of crushings for the last year are not yet made up in the Warden's office, and we are consequently unable to publish them in this issue. The owners of machines are rather slow we hear in furnishing the returns. Mr. Stubley sent a drast this week for £2,000 to Mather and Pratt, of Manchester, for the boring machine lately ordered. The erection of this machine will give a great stimulus to mining here. Mr. Stubley's enterprise deserves success. A splendid collection of specimens is now on view in the window of the Queensland National Bank. They are between 40 and 50 lbs. weight, and nearly pure gold. They were taken out of the North Australian No. S N, on Tuesday night, at a depth of 100 feet. The claim belongs to Bannatyne and party. The specimens were struck in stoping out, where the reef made a kind of bulge. The reef is seven feet thick. There is a little mundic in the specimens. One piece weighs 16 dwts., and is nearly pure gold. Mr. George Clarke and Mr. John Longden pegged out a machine site on Wednesday at the junction of the creeks between the Defiance and Enterprise machines. Mr. Arthur Murphy, who is also in this venture, is going South by the coach this morning with Mr. Longden, and no doubt we shall soon hear of further operations. A rather smart trick was successfully perpre- trated on Thursday at the post- office. During dinner-time on Thursday a man went into the post-office for a penny stamp or a paper, and seeing the cash-box open and a note tempting his hand, took it at once, and walked out. The theft was discovered soon, after, but, of course, no one knew the man. Mr. Thomas Coyle, who has been driving Cobb and Co's coaches here from the Houghton since they started on this line, is we are glad to say promoted to the position of manager in Towns ville. Mr. Coyle has earned the respect and good will of the people here by his uniform civility and pleasant manners. We think the firm will have no cause to regret their present appointment. On Thursday morning, between 12 and 1 o'clock, some one entered the house of Mr. James Kearey during his absence, causing the greatest alarm to his wife and children. Mrs. Kearey went into violent hysterics, which continued for some time. The house is opposite Mr. Mills', and rather far away from help if required. Those uninvited guests will get a hot reception on their next visit. On Wednesday evening, about six o'clock, as Charles O'Regan was giving a horse of Mr. Bar- well's a spin round the racecourse on going down towards the bridge, the horse put his foot into a rut, and in trying to recover himself, crossed his feet, and fell heavily, cutting himself badly. O'Regan's shoulder was dislocated. Dr. Schar ffenberg set the joint, and O'Regan was walking about on Thursday. Law must be a very profitable game here. There are three gentlemen making about £3000 a year here on 3000 inhabitants. Law being at the rate of £1 per head. Mr. Cowan bought lately into the 6 Queen lease, one fourth share for £120, from John R Wright who has gone home to Canada. The show is a good one and Mr. Cowan is likely to make his pile here before he is done. An attempt is being made to get up a Brass Band for the town. The expense will not be very much and we think the project merits encouragement. Good music is a moral educa- tion in its own sphere. Mr. Walker is always ready to give his services for every charitable object, he has started the Brass Band without any idea of making a profit out of it, all lovers of music will appreciate his efforts and help him to carry them into effect. We have received an application from the Secretary of the Bowsn School of Arts, request ing us to send a copy free, of "the vastly dis tributed paper the Northern Miner" to that institution. We should be " vastly" glad to do so but must decline to deal on those terms. The Rockhampton Bulletin and Maryborough Chronicle, about twelve months ago, proved to our satisfaction that Schools of Arts were a heavy tax on newspaper proprietors. Following their example we have discontinued vending the Northern Miner to Schools of Art unless on pay ment of the usual price. The only exception we have made is in favor of Rockhampton. In the police court, Millchester, on the 26th, George Edward Brooks, was summoned by James R Riley for assault and pleaded " guilty" He was bound over to keep the peace for six months, in two sureties of £10 each and himself in £20, or go to Rockhampton Gaol for six months. On the 27th Hugh M. Carlton sum moned Peter Peadon for assault and battery. Defendant pleaded not guilty and justification. Plaintiff, an engineer, and lately a book-keeper in the service of defendant, got the worse of drink on the Tuesday before, defendant and another man to get him home put him in a coach, defendant hit him on the eye. -The case was adjourned to Tuesday next. Charles Weston summoned by the Police for breach of the Towers Police Act, pleaded guilty and was fined 40s. or 7 days lock-up. No one can doubt the spirit and pluck of Charters Towers. Here, barely three weeks after the big races, comes another. Since then, priests and parsons have taken the field,-and have they not made their harvest ? J. D. Hughes must be an enthusiastic card to venture on a collection in such weather, and after such company. However, J. D. H. did venture, and his programme of races today shows what pluck and perseverance can do on Charters Towers. He offers neariy £50 iu prizes and the entrances show that sport is meant. There are five en trances for the Towers Handicap, four for the Flying Handicap, by the best horses on the field. The late rains have considerably improved the course, and if the day should continue fine, a good day's amusement may be anticipated. We notice that that ubiquitous individuale Pasquale Nigro, who appears as much at home behind a bar as a violin, is going to supply the "best liquors." Well, you may go further and fare worse. The amateur musical and dramatic entertain ment, given on Thursday'night in the Oddfellows' Hall, in aid of the building fund of the Church of England, proved a brilliant success, the hall being crowded to overflowing and everything going off without a hitch. It is not usual in noticing entertainment of this kind to mention the names of the several performers, but having appeared in the programme the rule may be relaxed on this occasion. Great credit is due to Mr. Henning and to Mr. Ackers, for the completeness of all their arrangements. The rain, which set in heavily after 8 o'clock, some- what marred the effect of the songs at the open ing. Mrs. Cavanagh, Mrs. Crane, and Miss Owens, sang their respective songs with great spirit, and were greeted with repeated encores. Mrs. Cavanagh's singing was first class and the success of the musical part of the entertainment was chiefly due to her. Mr. Ackers and Mr. Buckeridge sung very well and Mr. Sparrow as Teddy O'Neil was perfect. The Grecian Statues by Mr. Coleman, were represented with great spirit, and were highly enjoyed by the audience. A farce closed the entertainment called a Pleasant Trip, in which Mr. Master and Mr. Toll came out with great effect. Miss Girds and Mrs. Crane playing well up to them. We must not close this notice without mentioning Mr. Courtneys excellent accompaniments on the piano, & Mr Nigro's violin selections from Norma and II Trovatore which were highly applauded. We congratulate the committee on the successful results of their efforts. Mr. Alford the honorary secretary, spared no pains to get the entertain ment off well, and be may be very well satisfied with the result. The composition of the Legislative Assembly bids fair to undergo considerable alteration before the reassembling of the collective wisdom of the country. Seats are vacant, or soon to be vacated in all directions. Canarvon is being wooed, and will ere long be won--but Cooktown, Gympie, and Clermont, are without aspirants for the favor of their " sweet voices " Are we compassing a paradise of politics in which there shall be no party warfares, and no class politics? Are the "ins" and the "outs" of the future to change places without invoking the genius of the "Great Liberal Party? Is the ghost of the cormorant squatter never more to devour the patrimony of the " Poor Man ?" and is the hardy pioneer, the conqueror of the track- less waste never again to be made the victim of repudiation and confiscation. It is almost too good to be true, but in the present torpid con- dition of the body politic it seems as though these old fashioned and rusty weapons, that have been brandished in so many hard fought fieldss have fallen into disuse and been cast aside. Most devoutly we hope it is so ; and, after all, those who wielded those sorry weapons were but too ofen " men in buckram " --imposters worthless spouters of stale fustian. Let them stand aside and make way, for "good men and true" will assert their right to serve their adopted land in the interest of all, irrespective of class, creed, or country. Where are they ? Let them come on !--Specialities in Queens lander. 