DEATH OF MR. R. M. ISAACS, BARRISTER.- The above? gentleman i"-pii<*il yesterday, at his rc-rí«***^*"'-. I í)¡iilinghmt!t. Mr race. winner in users.,. . t> known in legal and piK: d'"') 1"-. hard to- Milne tim ! .. is suffering from ulcer in the <*toui.t--h, but withi-j:ti.ioi£.'ii->" vitality no attended to first made his duties as down I rose tor in the WWcru district. He was 64 years of age. DEATH OF MR. Arranged ANDERSON-The- , Melbourne An i of 'J lmr lady --says Death has met on end to the em cor of Mr. Alfred Anderson, the wall Known pianist. -Mr. Ame son of.. 1.1 native of '... the and at the same of orders, which, have her rd ye Sterry moram,- at his father's residence, 11 hull -. at S case spirit, was 'as ; t ii.. old. On the arrival of Mdlle do Munden and her c money in Melbourne he wasoccasiormllv employed as solo pianist both here and in Adelaide. On the return of the company from the last named place- he" was engaged as pint stand second trial for the PytJrwy and New Zealand train. While in Sydney he was taken seriously ill, in the sitting member of last year, and of 1 'In that time his health was always lhietuntinr-. In the 20th Driving b" was leavened to Midun. bundle Ilma de Murska, Garbo Rev. Dr. Fullerton. "With one or two exceptions he had been an able to appear in his profes- national capacity since the company retired to Melbourne, and of late his t case was recognised as hopeless, from the complication, of disorders by which he was a'flicked-tho heart, lungs, and kidneys being so involved. The immediate cause of death was congestion of the lungs, the result of repeated colds. THE BISHOP or (COW.BURN. The Right Rev. Dr. Thomas, Bishop of Goulburn, and Mrs. Thomas, since their return (says the Argus of Thursday) have been the guest of his Excellency the Governor. During their stay in Melbourne They inspected several of the churches and public institutions, and on Sunday last the Bishop officiated on thiceoccas mis m c inducting Divine service. Having expressed a desire to see some of the friends of his late brother (J. Jones Thomas, M.A., turiiici-lyihiof inspectorate school iii Viotorift" pi or I his departure, the Bishop gave audience to the following members of the Cambrian Society, at the office of the Commissioner of Birthdays) which was courteously printed at his disposal for the purpose), the Hon. Joseph Jones and Mr. B. G. Davies, M L.A.'s-, Krv. U. Rees, and Messrs E. A. Fairy, B. Mier, 1'ic- vor.Tones, and W. T. Jones, hon. s"- After an agreeable interview, during which the bishop feelingly referred to his late brother and his connection with the members of the society in Melbourne, the gentlemen present were introduced 11 Mrs. Thomas. Shortly afterwards Dr. and Mrs. Thomas left by the 1156 a m. train for Ballarat. CRUELTY TO AN ORPHAN GIRL A large number of people assembled at the police court in Grafton, on the 8th instant, to hear a charge laid against Mr. D. JBrqfcnm, by the authorities, of cruelty I enting a girl about four teen-age s of Hire, named Jane Bolger, an apprentice from the Randwick Asylum, Sydney. The Argus states that the Bench fined the defendant £10. and costs, 11s. 10d and to find sureties to keep the peace for the. months himself in 20 and one- other in £20. The fine was paid From the evidence it transmitted the girl had 'been thrashed on previous occasions, while on the last occasion the marks from the off hip' were every plain on the cow's back. THE COMFORTS OF AMERICAN RAILWAY CARS. A Friend to veiling in America writes to the Gippsland Jtlrcit "A I lines "are!" describing the comforts of Premier's sleeping * cars, he says: there is one thing; against them, on earth is" the other passengers talking. In the car I travelled M There was a new married couple. and it appears they had assist tiff, and the husband, not wishing to go to sleep till horses "His friends with his visit, begged of her to kiss him a free was' obstinate, and would not, and all the rest of the passengers were kept awake by beating the poor Hlowinii*.lori,v>? "'s Alice to forgive him with 11 kiss. It was a continual "Hill of Alice, depress me! oh. Alice dear, do kiss me!' It *. was fun for a time. but we got tired of being kept awake, go and "let military officer put his head through the curtains and ?!W11? other lustily, For goodness sake, Alice, do kiss your husband. and let's go sleep.' We got to sleep after that." THE SEASON t s MIE 'CA-STLKRÈAGH.-A correspondent, writing Exe- the Dubbo Dispatch from Coon- amble-says:_'-1 first not written for some time, as there was nothing to write as'. 'yet but the old story is it going to rain ? When will this to Old hands here say that this drought: is woiac'tbaiithu' 2 or 1-308. They were then better off for grass. Now there is nothing to eat for the stock. On a great many cattle over long the Cumberland disease has made its appearance; but the .>seherds which were inoculated are less affected than the of Asia. No stock moving. One station is mustering, and I believe is draft will be the last sent from these parts for some- time." Mr.- G-Ronr.s D. CHAPI seats MACMÎTII.-On Saturday evening Mr. George C V Chaplin made his debut at the Theatre Royal, is Machen!. J in Shakespeare's tragedy of that mine-: this /r-.-ntleumn his earn, d -once amputated n as a tragedian in the United States. but he has- commenced his entanglement here with an as.- we esteem station or pnradé'rathijr rain. kable in these dates when the advent of very actor or actress having the li- at pretensions to a front in.!; place is MDUtilly -. acompanied by a great fault and in the shape of pot traits, heare advertising placards, ac. dr. ChuvVn may, therefore, be failed to have smelt the judirm.'»i»t of the pub We entirely on his own as it, and using tested by attrocious .leuimiueudiitiyns in which, for the boat I. first, little reliance is to be placed. The works, of the great herd will almost always command an audie-**.c>> in Sydney and there was 11 a (R)d nttendttUi e on the occasion ; whilst this attentiveness with which the piece was 'listened to, and the appit-ciutii.11 with which the applause was bestowed, were strikingly calculated to indicates the observer with the inteligence and critical sagacity of our easygoing;- public of all ranks. Mr. Chaplin (who was accorded an tncuu?--_>ng races, on) is of commanding stature and sent prc\If-ilions ; he possesses a pliant and graceful figure, a sonorous find expressive eyes, and g yid delivery. The sees, strange to say, not a trace of Ameiicr.ziisin 111 his descent,, and it is the, rather difficult to. believe that he is a native of the United States. The his, then fere, army record [lendations, and his reading of the s.a."ra ter was not devoid of originality or merit. His piincipnl'e:.-.,r if- -occasionally a ' face of the due inflection which should iu.|iet«:e both the interpretation of the language and the workings of the mind. in this respect his elocution tends at times to become monotonous. Perhaps bill be- t point is in the, second act, when Mticbcth refund to the courtyard of the castle immeiVmcly after the murder, his whole frame racked with horror, every nerve unstrung and affrighted at the slightest murmur. He recounts the deed to Lady Macbeth with trembling lips,, in a voice hushed and subdued bathe mind at its bein cadences, and seldom rising above a whisper; and Mr. Chaplin Use) the rare faculty of making his stage whisper audible in every part of the tnentre-'-thiis showing (by The way; that with the acoustic properties of the house no fault fully 19 to) he found. The whole of this game is depicted by Mr. Chaplin with great intensity and graphic power. In the do^lanwtoty passages in which he defies Bnnqun'r. shaft. and is the stirring scenes titDunsmme, during the fifth 912, he also displays much league of amity. in the hammer scene of don ded improvement in effected by causing tbeuiurden'isn>coiamunieate to Mac be h the takings at Bun pin's assassination whilst pretend- ing to save the tyred with wine; instead of hanging about the wind in the um natural manner usually adopted. Mr. Chnpttn also Dukes a good point in riveting his hor killed gave up in the empty chair, even after the ghost had disappeared, as though hardly able to credit the evidence of his senses, and but ymg his face in his mantle, ns in an agonised attempt to shut out the spectre. There is much to admire in Mr. Chaplin's interpretation; and he is a capable though not, perhaps, a great error. He will interest, but not move to enthusiasm in high class tragedy. His costumes are rich, but (especially by- legal attire) absurdly incon|»iu,->us. A rigid attention to historic accuracy cannot be expected, in such a piece as Macbeth but the costume should at, least the characteristic ; whereas Mr. Chaplin's robes part like our luxuriance- unheard of in the stern King rain at the North. In his Amt cross he wears a sort of gilt |)iuaforetoiepret-ent chain mail and in the fifth nethe is attired in a sixteenth century doublet, without armour of any Kind, though in the text express reference is made to Macbeth's preparation for the fight -- " Come, put mine armour on, give me my si.ft" und again '. Before my body I throw my warlike shielding line which Mr Chaplin, as he bene no third. war soon or otherwise, judiciously omitted. His impersonation at, much applauded, and he was accorded several resubs. AH Lady Macbeth, Mrs. E. Holloway was MinpH overweighted Her- rendering of' (the sleep-walking. scene was marked by home power, but she was quite morphine to the trying business of a character which has taxed the talent of the must eminent tragedienne. ther costumes were tawdry and in bad taste, nor is it usual Hi see Lady Macbeth so decollete. Mr. W. J Holloway proved Mac duff week the requisite spirit, and is to be 1 junuended for uvoinii^gthepiolcnged hove Is with which the Thane of Fife is usually made to receive intelligence of the slaughter of his " pretty chickens and their dam " Mr. J. G. Jo'ics fairly made the must of King Duncan and Mr. J. V. West played Ross. with feeling and appreciation. Mr. W. Andrews, Mr. H. Daniells, and Miss Melville were an excellent weird trio. Mr H. Nimiiv-ns, UB Hecate, was wanting in dignity. Miss Tilly Andrews was pleasing: as the singing which The mutual effort s vi re admirably rendered, especially the "echo" chorus, and there was a full company of vocalists. The tragedy was placed up in The stage with every possible attention to detail. There was some admirable scenery by Wilson and Kinchela, and all too Effects, c, were complete and in good taste. QUEEN'S THEATRE.-The new season com- evinced on Saturday night, when the English and French Company, brought out by Mr. Hecurtv, made their first appearance in Sydney. The- entertainment will doubtless be attractive, to those who like its peculiar style. Mdlle. ?L'run/iiii's pertiiriunnceR on the velocipede we're graceful, and she managed the bicycle with much skill and evident . ase Snpbiini is an cheeringly amusing imper- senator of character, and will probably be the most popular member of the company. Currie. who is a gymnast, performed the sensational leap for life on the flying traps 0 with great daring and dexterity. Mr. c.. A. Hart and Miss Kate Russell are comic and character vocalists of fair ability in their line of business. Miss E. ! bowen attempted one song, and was encored, but was evidently unwell, and did not appear in the second part of The programme, II. wever. the audience seemed pleased "with the other members of the company, if we may judge from their loud applause and frequent recalls We should mention that some improvements are proceeding in the interior of the theatre, which will, when completed, conduce to the comfort of visitors ' 