POLICE STORIES: By W. W. THE DEAD ACCUSBR. \- : P ' It is fully fifteen years since the following events happened in the days when .gold find- 1 , ing and gold spending had not ceased to bo CTeryday matters. There was at that time, . .. J » /- rtMafe n lnrrrA ' at tac corner oi iorrana uimsntn, - brick building used a boarding nonse, una kept by one JnmeB Wclland. It did a strong C; business, chiefly with new nrrivals and dig- ; gers down for a spree. ,, l> I need not say that Melbourno in those days was a different Melbourne from what C. it is now ; it was far morn exciting and un- " settled. There was scarcely a day, and cer- b tainly not a night, without its tiagedy or its comedy -some, o i the former terrible cnou gh \ fa, cloud the memory of a life time. We police were differently organised then and our beats moro unsettled. We were ' placed where the requirements of the hour ' seemed to call us,- and were often in both ' 'ends of the town within the twenty four hours. On the night of my story I was on a ' beat of which I hncw little, and Welland s .boarding house was in.it. ; The early part of the night passed quietly . enough, nod I was making myself familiar with the neighborhood. In my rounds I ' noticed Wcllamrs and saw the sign, and ob- ecrvcdthat, although there was a gooddc.il of noise in it for a few hours it closed early, and then one after another of the windows grew , dark, until only one in the end of the house J- remained lighted. It was then not more than twelve o'clock, which was an early shut up i for those rollicking places. In one window I have said that there 1 -remained alight, and, as I sauntered along on the opposite side of tlic street, at about one o'clock, I saw the window open and n man. seated between me and tho light, ""-smoking!-- As ho sat-with-his side-to me- hir profilo was thrown out in strong relief, iind-I noticed that it was a remarkable one — an outline of what is commonly known as a hatchet-face with a prominent, slmrply- eut nose and a receding forehead and chin ; andthnro was another peculiarity about tho face, there did not seem to be a vostigo of whisker, beard or moustache — and for days when men gloried in going about with their faces covered with every hair nature had given them, itwas'an unusual thing to see even a new chum without some uttempt at a beard. When 1 passed aoain that window was shutdown and in darkness, but when I re turned, at perhaps three in tho morning, there was a bright, unnatural light shining behind the white blind, and I stopped and stared at it. I say unnatural, for, as, 'I stared, I saw it was a glare that seemed increasing, and that it wan not possible to attribute to the simrle light of a enndlc. Bat I had no time for thought or doubt. Even as I looked tho blind disappeared ill a scroll of flame that seemed to roll it up with a hand of lightning, the room was on fire ! I ran ncross the street and thundered and shouted " Fire !" and sent a wliistlo down the street that brought every policeman within coocy to the scene. The house was aroused— tho engines sent for— people threw up their windows and screamed, and the occupants of the bouse llcw about like people bereft of their senses, trying to save their possessions or to ascertain the nature of the Are and Us whereabouts. # The fire bell 8 rang, the engines came, nud, in al most aa short a time us I have taken to tell you of it, there was .a donee crowd round the house, one side of which was one idabs of flames and smoke. I hare already told you that the room in jybich the flrc had appeared to originate was that in which I had seen the man ah the open window ; this window had one next to it, and both, being in the end, opened on the roof of a low wooden building that wa9 built against a boarding-house. The fire seemed to have burned away from tho room I first saw fire in, and left tho next room free, for the window noxt the burning one "was dark and ailent; i " Aro you sure all arc outf,M I asked of Wclland, who had been tolling us that he had seen every one of his boarders safely ont, " Is there no one in that room ?,# and I pointed to the still dark and apparently un touched one I havo alluded to, " Good heaven I forget P' . lie cried " There is a lucky digger there who was drinking very heavily last night 1 God grant he isn't sleeping through it all !" There was a fireman's ladder near and I placed it quickly against tho wooden building and mounted to its roof. It was the easiest thing in the world to get to tho window, and keeping a9 well aB I could out of the glare and heat of the fire I tried to lift the sash and succeeded, It was ns light as day outside, and inside, the first thing I saw wbb that a tongue of lapping flamo was creeping under the. door from the burning passage out side. There was no tirao to be lost! and, as the smoke escaped .by the open window, I stooped down to look for the bod. _ I saw it was not far and l6aw, with a relief that did not last long, that it was empty. Casting a quick glance around the room, I saw, lying right in tho glare of light from qhe window the body of a man. I say body though at first I did not know whether he was sleeping or dead or stupificd with the smoke. # He lay on the floor, with nothing on but his shirt, and the bedcover grasped in one hand, as he seemed to have dragged it off the bed with him. I stooped quickly and I if ted him up in my arms. At all events he was unconscious nnd if I could get him into the fresh air lie would soon revive ; but if I lived a hundred years it would be impossible for me t<> forget the face of that dend man I raised to' the window. It was the effect of neither smoke nor drink that distorted that agonised coun- tenance— in "the baro throat was a gaping wound, and from another in the white chest, the blood was still ooeing, but he was quite dead, In tho instant that I was assured of this a great mass of .flame from ithe front of the house surged out in the Btreet and threw a strong light upon the sea of faces, looking up and watbhln'g my movements with deep anxiety ; among them one was vividly im pressed upon me, And it was that of tho mah I had seen , smoking at tho window' of tho room where "the fire had originated. The fear tho agony of terror expressed in that face was 'something to remember, and I saw that his eyes were fixed upon the flame-illumined dead man. that I was holding out to catch the fresh air1 from the open window. b All thiB occurred in a flash of time, as it were, for, the instant I saw that tho man was dead, I raised him to tho window sill, and bounded ;Qut;on tho roof of the wooden - building, By this vtime two or three men were coming .to my assistance, and tho body was safely carried down to the street, and deposited for inqucBt in the nearest hotel. Being relieved of that responsibility by some of my. mates, I looked around with a s irange interest for. the terrified face of the man iu the crowd, but it hod disappeared. Nor did I sec it Again. The fire burned it self out, leaving, strange to say, that one room, where (the murdered man had been, almost untouched, although' therest of the house was entirely gutted. Tho engines left A3 the first "dawn was peeping over the east ern hills, nnd, as nothing more wn9to|be seen the crowd dispersed nud sought their several houses, leaving the blackened walls and smokiug'debris to the guard of the constables appointed 'to the duty. When day had fully broken nnd wo had light to observe the condition of the chamber sparedby 'thojfire it presented a strange appear ance. From the street it was noticeable by the windows with both glass and sash intact although the spaces that had been other windows were . only empty and blackened spaces, but fiom the inside of the walls it looked still odder. The fire that had swept away the passage with every othw portion of the interior bad destroyed the partition so that it had fallen and left the room itself suspended openly like a shelf on the outer- wall. It was easy to gain access to it, as I had done from theroof of tho adjoining house and wc made a thorough examination ' There was in it a single bed, and from its appearance it was easily to be conceived that the man had been murdered, for his death wounds could not have been self inflicted, and there was not in tho apartment a wenpon of any kind. In .11 probability ho had been stabbed and bis throat cat during n drunken sleep, or just, when arousing half conscious from it, and had, after the assassin left him for dead, tried to crawl to the window nnd call for police assistance. From Wolland wo learned that -the man was a lucky digger only down from one of the big rushes about a week. He was known to have his gold about him in a belt that he wore around his body, but not a thing in the shape of gold or money, with the exception of a few loose bits of silver in the pocket of his trousers. The inquest was held on the following dny nnd of course all that was known of the poor fellow was elicited. He had come down from the Inglcwood rush about a week previous, and had drank freely and blown a deal about his gold, which nothing would tempt him to. part with. On the night of tho fire he hiid been drinking nnd playing cards with two of the boarders nnd he hacf been assisted to bed helplessly intox icated. The man in whom I was so deeply interes ted, and in wlisse room the fire appeared to have originated had landed from an emigrant ship but a few dnyB before. Ho appeared to havo but little money, and was lookiug for a situation as shopman or clerk. He was a cockney nnd gave, his name as. Charles El- < ' gin, and was in company with the card players on the ptevious night, although 'he was simply a silent watchor. j \ This man had disappeared since the . firej It seemed that my eyes muBt havo been the last that rested on his face as he turned itto- ward the dead man with that awfnlly hoN rbr stricken look that I saw in.it. Naturally he was suspected of tho murder. He was poor and the digger's gold was a great tern? ptation. In nil probability he had set the house on fire to hide his crime and fled with terror at the sight of his victimBjf nee, Hearing his recovery and recognition of himself, That was thu conclusion we came to, at nil events. And, as day after day passed without bringing nny tidings of him, we felt cortnin that he had fled the country, with his ill gotten gold nnd that we should never either see or hear of him again. But barely a week had pnEscd since the night of the fire, and I had been shifted to another beat, when, one eveningrather early! I was nccosted by Wellai.d the man who had kept the burned boarding house, ' I came up on purpose to see you" ho said ' for I don't feel easy in my mind, nnd I thought I'd like to hear what you'd make of it." " Make of what ?" I asked. "I'll tell you presently. Do yon believe in ghosts ?" I looked at him to see at smile or a grin or a leer or some sign of a jest, but his face was as solemn as an owl's— he was in earnest. ', I'd' rather not give you my opinion on 'that moot point." I said. " If that's what yon came for you lost your walk. Might I ask if you havo Been one ?" "A ghost? well that's just it. I think I have, and I want to hear what you'll make of it, You know Clclnnd's talking of filling up that bouse ngain, as he sayB the walls arc as sound as ever. But although I'm sorry to' lose the stand, that was a firstrater, I don't think I'd feel safe in it." "Well?" "So I'm in tree ty for n house in Spender .street, nnd the landlord and I were very nearly coming 'to a bargain last night, -but we split about the rates, We jawed I bo long about it that it was prottv late i I left for tho house I'm stopping' at la? waT. ont.t,he ld 8br moan th Sum! R 