LUKE. (I11 the Colorado-park, 1S73.) BY BEET HARTE, Wot's that your're readin'?—a novel ? A. novel—well darn my skin ! You a man growi and bearded a.nd 4iistin'such stuff uz that in—r .. Stufilab&ut; gals and their sweethearts! No wonder you're thin ez a kniiie. Look .at me—clar two hundred—and never read one in my life, That's my opinion o' novels. Ajid ez to their lyin' round here, They belonged to the Jedge's daughter —the Jedge who came up last yeai- On account of his lungs andthe mountains and the balsam o' pine and fir; And his daughter—well she read novels an<l that's what's the matter w-itli her. Yet she was sweet on the JeJIge, 4nd stuck by him ,'day and night., Aloue in the cabin up yer—till she grew like a ghost, all white. She wus only a slip of a tlang, ez light and ez up and away Ez rifie-smolte blown through the woods but she wasn't my kind—no way I • Speakiii' o' gals, d'ye mind that house CZ you*ise the hill, J - A mile and a half from White's, and jist above Mattingly's mill ? You do ? "Well now, that's a gal! What you saw ier ? 0, come now, tliar; quit! She was only bedevlin' you boys, for to ine she 4pn't cotton ope bit. " Now, she's what ! call a gal—ez pretty and plump ez a quail; . , - Teeth ez white ez a hound's, and they'd. go through a tenpenny nail; Eyes that kin snap like a cap. So she asked to know " whar I was hid ?" She did! 0, its jist like her sass, for she's peart as a Katy-did. But what was I talking pf ?—O ! the Jedge and his daughter—she read Novels the whole day long, and 1 reckon she read them abed, And sometime!, ghf i-ijadthem out loud to the Jedge. on the porcli where he sat, , - And 'twas how " Lord Augustus" said this,' and how Lady Blanche" shesaid that, But the sickest of all that I heerd, was a j'arn thet djey read 'bout a chaff, " Lep.thei>stockijjg" by name, and a hunter chock full o' the greenest -o sap ? And ." they asked me to .hear, but I says, " Miss Mabel, not any for me ; When I likes 1 kin (sling my owi lies, and thet chap andl shouldn't agree " Yet somehow-or-other she WJIS always fiayin' I brought her to mind Of follts about whom she had read, or ; suthin' belike of thet kind, And tliar warn't no end 0' the names: that she give methetsummerup ,ere, " Robin llood," " Leather-stocking," " llob Roy,"—0,1 tell you, the fritter was queer. And yet ef she hadn't been spiled, she was harmless enough in her way, She could jabber in French to her dad, and they said that she knew how to plav, And "BIIC worked me that sncl-poucii up thai—which the man doesn't live ez kin use, And slippers—you wc'm down yer—ez would I'liidie mi Injin's pappwwe. Yet along o' them novels, yi«u see. she was wastin' and ltmpiii' away, And then she imt shy with 'lij:v- tonguo, and at last Uad nothiu' to say : And whiiiievei; 1 liappened,aiviuu'l. her face it was.hid by si hook, And it warn't until she, left that she gi vtt me. as much as. a lopk. Aud this wfts the way it was. it '.yas night wjienil kem.up liej-e To say to 'ern '> good- bye," for. 1 -reckoned to go for deer At "sun up" the (Jav they left. Sq. 1 shook. 'em alVrwind. hy the hand, 'Cept Mabel,, and she was sick, ez thoy gave 111,0 to understand., •'"* JJut jest as. I pas-sed tlio hoy,se next morning at dawn. soine one, Like a little waver o" mist, got up On the hill with the sun; Miss.Mabei.it was, alone—all wrapped . i« a mantle o, iace— And. she. (stood tlnye straight in tno road,, with "a tyucli u' the sun in her face. And she looked me right in the eye— I'd sean-sufehm like it, before. When I hunted a wound--.! doe to. the eiid 0' the Clear Lake shore, . And I had my knee 011 its neck, and : wn iist was raisin' my knife tnat. ana —well.it got o.T with its life. " We are going to-day," she said.,*< I thought I would say gbod Aye To you in your own house, Luke— these woods, and the bright blue sky ! You've always been kind to us, Luko, and papa has found you still As good as the. air he breathes,-and wholesome as ii auni - Tree-hill. " And we'll always think of you, Luke, as the thing "we could not take away ; The balsam that dwells in the woods, the rainbow that lives in the spray. Anil you'll sometimes think of me, Luke, as you know you once used to say, A rifle-smoke blown through tlie woods, a moment, never to stay." And ftien,\vg, shook-hands. Sheturn'd but a-suddentshe tottered and foil, And 1 caught her sharp by the waist, and held her a minit—well, It was only a minit, you know, tliat ez pold and ez whi^e she lay Ez a snoWTllake Here on my breast, and—well, she melted away— And was goijc. . .And thar are her books ; but ! say's-ffot any for me, Good, enough mayt /b^ foi" ^on\e, but theui and I mightn't agree, They spiled a decent, gal ez might hpv ni:ide. r:piue:chap a.jwile, And look at mej^-ciar tyi/oliundred— and never read ^ne }Vt ^y J'fe 