WORRY AND ITS PHYSICAL EFFECTS. [Scientific American.] To so every-day and common a state of mind as worry, ranging, as it may, from a passing " fit of the blues " up to the most poignant mental anxiety regarding life itself, little importance is popularly attached and especially among so exceptionally nervous and rapid a people as the Americans, the fact of a person succumbing under mental strain is of too ordinary occurrence to give rise to extended comment. To the list of the insane immured in asylums and brought thither through heredity or by their own excesses, thousands are added suffering with broken minds induced by anxiety ; but the great majority of people thus affected continue in their places in society, by no means lunatics, nor maniacs, nor idiots, but neverthe- less of brain unsound in parts. The world sometimes dubs them " eccentric ; " and, if they be so distinguished, their odd habits, absence of mind, and like traits furnish rich material for the biographer in other cases the eccentricities become crimes, and indiscrimi nating justice may declare the life forfeited because of the workings of hidden faculties, uncontrollable, because disorganised. Worry, then, is dangerous, more so than the alcohol which kills the drunkard for the latter involves a taste and a habit which may be put aside, the former is the creature of necessity, and creeps insidiously into every man's life. Its physiological effects, therefore, should be clearly and adequately realised. And the knowledge of the ills may, in some instance, prevent the existence of the cause. During the earlier stages of dementia induced by mental anxiety, Dr. Richardson tells us in his " Diseases of Modern Life," there is nothing more than an increased tension of the minute vessels which supply the brain. In later stages the substance of the nervous tissue itself under- goes a modification by which its activity is permanently lost. These are the physiological consequences, most briefly summed up. The first symptom is a want of full bodily vigour ; then follows craving for more work, disturbed sleep, acute sensitiveness to external impressions, and, finally, strange figures and sounds are seen and heard. This condition may continue for years, and the sufferer in time may begin to accept abnormal creations as natural. Dr. Richardson cites a case of a merchant, who for weeks retained in his vision the spectra of three lights, oval in shape, of the size of an egg, and so clearly defined to the observer that he would watch them half-consciously as they floated before him on the wall, the ceiling, or in space. In this stage of the disease lies the foundation : of all hypotheses of ghost-seeing, of ecstatic visions, and even of poetic frenzy. A curious instance directly in point, which came to our notice very recently, is that of a well-known writer on the press, who, for some time past, has devoted attention to the subject of morbid mental conditions. This gentleman, in a letter to a daily journal, states himself to be the victim of the horrible spectacle of two men hanging from a gallows, a sight which he once beheld while acting as a city reporter. The suspended corpses are clearly brought before him by the sound of rain (the execution occurred during a rainstorm), and also by the sound of laughter, since, through some uncontrollable impulse during the hanging, he was induced to utter an untimely peal of merriment. That the writer's brain is injured, possibly by the excessive mental strain peculiar to his profession, seems probable and the lesson is manifested, as already described, by the constant recurrence of the apparition. ' It is a well-known fact that we have two natures, one purely organic and emotional, the other subject to the reasoning powers. The organic nervous chain exists in the body as a link between emotional mental acts and vascular supply. An impression from without, made through the organs of the senses upon the emotional centers, is reflected directly from them to the vascular expanse. The part flushes or branches, and the heart hesitates, palpitates, rebounds, or intermits ; so that these centers, excited by anxiety, or grief, or joy, or sorrow, influence the waves of blood passing through the system, and the brain promptly fools the imperfect regulation of the supply. Under varying tensions of the vessels, there are flashes, chills, coldness of the extremi- ties, and other oppressive symptoms, while in addition appear the distressing ringing or hammering sounds in the head. These sounds are arterial murmurs, vibrations of the blood which press with each impulse of the heart on the bony surroundings of the relaxed carotid canal, situated at the base of the skull. The canal is in direct connection, by solid conducting substance, with the organs of hearing, and thus the faintest vibration is detected. The sound produced when it is sudden and expected, as in moments, of fear, is occasionally mistaken for a sound proceeding from without with no obvious cause. Thus, the sufferer is likely to see visions and hear strange noises, impalpable so to speak, but as purely physical as the most common things in life. In some instances they are actual percep- tions of real facts or objects, caught by an extremely susceptible and delicate nervous surface In others they are an intensified recogni- tion of movements within the body ; but in the vast majority of instances they are actual impressions made at one time on the organism, and now recalled and rendered more definite by constant recurrence At this point, if the mental powers be allowed rest, and the fountains of care be closed, recovery may take place ; but if the over-strain continue, the disease assumes still graver form. There is a maddening desire for work, more work, coupled with the sad sensation that the physical powers are failing and then there are lapses of memory. The man of business forgets important details, he is irritable, distrusts every- body and himself most, makes mistakes, and yet persists in accumulating more work on himself. The poet and novelist become over sentimental and morbid ; the man troubled with remorse for guilt confesses his crime, or commits suicide. The downward course is rapid in one case epilepsy occurs, in another paralysis, a third develops some hereditary malady like cancer, a fourth dies from nervous failure and local disease of some vital organ. The majority escaping these special ends, become prematurely old, and sink helplessly into death. The brain becomes disorganised, the balance is broken, and anarchy succeeds to what once was order. In every brain, in fact, there is set up primi- tively a kingly force, to which all other forces bend, The king may be good or bad, he may be an hereditary king or a usurper, but he holds the balance ; kill the king, and, in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, the kingdom is made chaos and dark night A ciooD suggestion is like a crying baby at a concerted should be carried out. 