"Rambler" In America. TUF, very first circumstances that befell mc (says the Rambler in in the States, writing to the Sunday Times) prjudiced me violently against everything American. For the cab which conveyed me from the wharf to my hotel, the driver extorted (to the extreme approval of the by- standers, and with the benign con- currence of an arbitrating policeman) a sum equal in English money to ¿J sterling. Five blessed dollars for a distance of about 1,500 yards!-that is to say, a cabman here charges exactly the same sum for going seventy-two yards asa I<ondon cabman for driving a mile. It was vain to remonstrate, or to answer the inexorable Jehu that I had not "struck ile," nor engaged in the " shoddy " trade, nor obtained a Govern- ment office. He got his money, but I hate his nation with an exceeding bitter hatred, which nothing but ink, and much ink, shall ever wash out. I found on entering the hotel that civility was about as expensive a luxury as attar-of roses, and like that perfume, retailed by the drop. As for the servants, they were all of them dumb-and-deaf waiters, each one looking like a Declaration of Inde- pendence in black and white. Possibly they imagine that their name entitles them to keep everybody waiting for them. When I asked one of these brusque " citizens " where I could get shaved, he pointed to a room over the door of which was incribed the strange device, " Tonsorial Parlour !" I observe that grandiloquence is a national failing to such an extent, that every little huckster's shop with a three-foot frontage calls itself either "The European Coal Depot," or the United States Flour Store," or the " American Manufcatory of Wooden Nutmegs." I also remarked on the church doors that every sexton was an undertaker, and that there are only two clases of citizens those who wore Koh-i-noors in their shirt-fronts, and-gentlemen. The best thing I have yet seen in America is its girlhood, and the next best things are its victuals, succotash, clam-chowder, hominy, and buckwheat cakes, which make even Memory's mouth water ; and its drinks, sherry-cobblers, gin-slings, and brandy cocktails, that makes your very eyeballs jingle ! To a Rambler accustomed to the mild amenities and grammatical insipidities of English journalism, there is something more novel than alluring in the vigorous personalities and rampant slang of the American press. Every newspaper is an Argusreyed l'aul Pry, intent on minding everybody's business in order to increase its own. No public character is allowed to have a private life, for family skeletons are promply trotted out for the public delectation, and even the family ghost is not safe from being interviewed by the printer's devil. The result is that editors, especially those " out West," are regarded somewhat in the same light and treated in the same manner as Irish landlords. They are not included in the game-laws, and as they have no season, they arc shot at and otherwise poached by the " loafing" classes all the year round. The revolver is always quarrelling with the goose- quill, so that the permanent address of editors in most Western towns is not the editorial office, but thc hospital. Revolverism will always be an endemic, so long as such murder- ing societies as the " Ku-Klux-Khan," and " Molly Maguires" are allowed to misapply the principle of co-operation. Pistol- practice is one of the many Western weaknesses. Supposing you enter a bar-room and refuse to drink with its occupants, you are 6hot by ono rowdy, and your coqjse is sat upon by a jury, of twelve others, who probably return some such verdict as " Sarve him right" In fact, the safest way of begin- ning an argument is to point it with bowie-knives and adorn it with der- ringers. After all, it is questionable whether these weapons are cither more painful or more immoral than the clog of thc Lancashire " rough." Perhaps I may seem fastidious in my strictures on the free-and-easiness of Western Society, several members whereof have assured me that my ear would soon grow " more Irish and less nice " with regard to such social battues. Hut as I have no wish to ramble to that bourne whence no rambler returns, I have decided not to make tracks westward until the next Centennial Anniversary but one. Possibly by that lime rowdyism will have shared the fate of the " Kilkenny cats," and will be numbered among the " busted-up " institutions ol this highly explosive country. Never- theless, the Americans are a greal people 1 They can chew more, speculate harder, eat quicker, expectorate farther, live faster, die sooner, brag louder, bar gain closer, "cuss" stronger, shoo: straighter " orate " better, and whittle finer than all the three quarters of thf globe put together. But, alas ! when I reflect that in the great Republic every tiling is paper, from shirt-fronts to the national currency, the spirit of prophecy descends upon me, and wrapping my face in the mantle of the seer, lo ! I behold the fair goddess Liberty, squatting on a papier-mache" pedestal, weeping over thc green-backed ghost of the late lamented almighty Dollar ; while, in thc distance, a " heathen Chinee " presides over a Congress of niggers, with an army of Irish to enforce its decrees. What belter fate, forsooth ! can possibly await a people whose religious creed declares that " there is One Dollar, and Paper is his prophet ?" 