WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER l8, 1876. I Among men occupying a compara- tively humble position there are few in the colony who have been so frequently before the public as Mr. Eaton, an officer for some time attached to the Public Works department. Hia con- duct and grievances have been investi- gated by two or throe boards and a select committee, and the expenses of the various inquiries, involving, as they have done, shorthand notes of evidence to the extent of thousands of folios and reams of printing, must amount to a sum of which the public has very little conception. We trust, therefore, that whatever de- cision may now be arrived at will be finn), and that, whichever way the matter goes, the purlieus of Farliamont will no more be haunted by the ex inspector in search of redress for real or imaginary grievances. If, however, the plan of reopening the case time after time is to go on for ever, it would save trouble, and certainly bo cheaper, to compromise the matter at once, to capitalise the coat of as many inquiries as are likely to take place during the life of Mr. Eaton and his immediate heirs, present him with the sum so arrived at, and request him to allow the Legislature to address itself to matters of more immediate importance to the colony. A board was held as far back as 1866 to inquire into some mattera in dispute between Mr. Eaton and hia official superiors. It ia not necessary, for reasons which will appeau further on, that we should go into the full parti- culars of this investigation. Suffice it | to say that, owing to tne report sub- mitted, Mr. Eaton was reprimanded by the then Minister of Public Works. He (Mr. Eaton), however, has ever since contended that he was wrongly can Bured because the plans produced to his judges did not agree with the specifica- tions of certain works, and, therefore, could not rightly be held to show that he was to blame for any discrepancies between them and the work carried out by the contractor. Acting on this alleged conviction, he sought to have his cane rc-heard, but for some time could find no Minister willing to give him any encouragement. At last he sounded Mr. Anderson through a friend as to whether he (Mr. Anderson) would have any objection to the case being brought before Parliament. Mr. Eaton was given to understand, we believe, that he could apply to this tribunal if he thought fit, and, acting on this permission, he issued a pamphlet addressed to hon. members, setting forth what he wished the public to suppose were the merits of his case. He went further, however, and included a list of charges against the inspector-general of public works, Mr. Wardell. This manifesto was brought under the notice of the Aisembly, and the Government intimated its intention of appointing a board to inquire into the matters in dispute. The board, which was composed solely of members of Parliament, pre- sided over by Mr. Patterson, presented a report in due time, and on this the Ministry felt bound to act. Passing over that part of it which dealt with those matters that formed the subject of inquiry in 1866, we may say generally that the board found there was no foundation for the charges brought by Mr. Eaton against his superior officer, but that owing to the lack of memoranda in the Public Works de- partment, it was "not in a position " to say whether or not Mr. Wardell " can be held to have been relieved of " the responsibility which attaches to so " grave an act as that of allowing a " public officer, whose services he de " clined to use, to draw his salary with " out giving an adequate return to the " state." After a little delay, caused principally by the intervention of the Christmas holidays, the decision of the Government was made known. In a memorandum for the Cabinet, a copy of which may be found in our issue of January 19, 1875, Mr. Anderson deals with Mr. Eaton's case in the following manner : " In view of the finding of the board apon the very grave charges preferred by Mr. Eaton against Mr. Wardell, charges which if proved would have necessitated the retire- ment of Mr. Wardell from the public service, but which Mr. Eaton failed to substantiate ; and taking into consideration the career of Mr, Eaton, extending over a long series of years, in this department, it is essential for the efficiency of the public service that he be dismissed, and I accordingly recommend that he be dismissed." Then proceeding to deal with Mr. Wardell, he reviews the conduct of that gentleman, and winds up by an expression of regret at being compelled to recommend that he be censured, on the grounds suggested by the board. We expressed our perfect concurrence with the decision arrived at at the time, and have now only to point out how it affects Mr. Eaton. It will be seen that this gentleman' was dismissed, not because he allowed any particular work to be " scamped," or showed an undue loaning towards certain contractors in giving certi- ficates, but on account of the gross breach of discipline he had been guilty of in bringing groundless charges against his superior officer. It is true that his general career in the Public Works de- partment is incidentally alluded to in the minute as affording no ground why the specific offence we have alluded to should be condoned, but clearly indis- cipline, and not inefficiency or favourit- ism, led to his discharge. The select committee, however, whose report has just been presented to Parliament, has ignored this fact altogether. It has enumerated the various specific charges, and dealt with them severally in a way which it is altogether beside our present purpose to discusB ; but there is not one word in the report from begin- ning to end concerning the very point which under the circumstances invited almost undivided attention. After at- tentively considering the deliverance of tho Patterson board we are not pre- pared to say that the Government would have had no option but to dismiss Mr. Eaton had there been nothing more against him but the sins of omission or commission he was stated to have been guilty of in connexion with the works under his charge. We do not Eay that we agree with the findings or that we do not, but simply that, taking the report as a basis of a decision, it was perhaps possible to incline to the side of mercy. Mr. Eaton's reckless mud throwing, however, rendered this im- ponible, and before he can be properly reinstated in his position, or compen- sated for loss of office, ho Bhould be re- quired to substantiate the charges which he brought against the inspector-general, and which a board composed wholly of members of Parliament declared to be non-proven. It is possible that the mem beis of the select committee have not been able to apprehend the real point at issue, and therefore we direct their attention to it, in order that, If it be thought de- sirable, the real cause of dismissal may be investigated, and a supplementary report preaented to Parliament. It is certain that the document already submitted does not contain tho ma- terials for an equitable decision on tho caso. The most valuable account of Aus- tralian railways which has yet been put befoie the public is contained in a report just submitted to tho Legislature of New South Wales by Mr. John Rae, tho commissioner for railways in the sister colony. It appears that an annual report is not called for across the bordor, and Mr. Bah consequently has to deal with a period of four years, and while it must be admitted that annual reports are very necessary, and should never be dispensed with by a Government any more than by a company, yet it must also be confessed that delay brings with it a greater breadth of view. Mr. Rae is tempted into drawing large com- parisons. While our annual reports are dry statements of receipts and expenditure, the document under notice shows the character of such results by contrasting them with the experience of other countlios, and this gives them new interest and additional value. We shall hope that in future our own de partment will not be above talcing a lesson from Mr. Bap, and, without abandoning their annual issuo, will frame the report on a wide basis, so that we may consider ourselves as part of a world wide system There is the more reason for this as Mr Raf, who is an impartial witness, bears testimony m his figures to the fact that, judged by practical results, our railway manage- ment has much that fairly entitles it to congratulation We may pass lightly over the pro- gress of New South Wales It has been slow in the past, but now that the Blue Mountains have been surmounted, and tho tableland has been reached, and now also that an act has been passed validating agreements and enabling the Government to keep contractors to their time, a more satisfactory rate of exten- sion is promised New South Wales had 437 miles of railways open on 31st De- cember, 1875, and on the 30th of June the same year "Victoria had 587 miles, and if the lines approaching completion at these dates wero taken into account, the disproportion would be still more manifest In one respect the situation in Sydney is highly satisfactory, the net profits haviDg gradually risen until they have attained a maximum of £4 7s lid per cent, while our operations for 1874 5 resulted only in a return of £3 10s 7d per cent But it mußt be borne in mind that our rail- ways have cost far moro than those in New South Wales, and consequently our capital account is heavier, and also the charge for interest The comparison is now as follows - Average cost per mile, Victoria £21143 New South Wales IG 679 New South Wales had far more physical obstacles to overcome than we had, and in some instances the lines cost her as much as £80,000 per mile, but we have to deplore our extraordinary extrava- gance, of which the Ballarat and Gee long line is a notable example, a costly double line being constructed between those two places, while the traffic, Bwollen on the way, is brought into Melbourne by a comparatively light and single line. Since 1871 we have been building lines on a cheaper instead of a more expensive basiB than New South. WaleB, and a few figures will ahow the effect of this policy Year Victoria New South Wales 1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 Cost per Mile £ 3G823 32 0G0 31128 20 207 211« Cost per Mile £ 1g"Öo2 16 724 1G984 16 579 Mr Bae says, however, that now that the table lands have been reached, New South Wales will be able to construct for £7,000 per mile We note that the Sydney Government obtained English tenders for goods engines for £2,785 each, while a Ballarat tender was £3,905, and Mokt's Engineering Com- pany's price was £4,050, and "with " every desire to deal liberally with " colonial manufacturers, the Govern " ment could not ignore the prin " ciples of free trade so far as to ' accept a colonial tender at so " great an advance on English prices " If the costs of the department had been swollen m Sydney by ita purchasing in the dearest instead of the most profitable market, the simple result would be that profits would be lesa than at present, and the taxpayers would have to make up more of a deficiency That economy is considered in one branch of the Vic tonan railways ia shown, however, by the fact that Victoria employs far less rolling stock for the work performed than either Great Britain or New South Wales When we find two trucks used in Great Britain where one is employed in Victoria, and three passenger carriages in comparison with two, the suspicion gathers strength that the frequent com- plaints of insufficiency of rolling stock on our lines is not ill founded The locomotive power employed in the two countries is identical, and the difference ia that we make shift with fewer car- riages and trucks New South Wales occupies a medium position The Sydney tariff appears to be aub atantially higher than our own, and a glance at a few leading items may not be umnatructive Victoria, per N S Wales, - 100 miles. per 100 railes. p d. s. d Chaff 13 G 15 8 Firewood 8 4 10 10 Truit 13 G 15 8 rurniture C8 4 75 9 Artificial ma nureer 13 G 22 9 Portable en Sines 33 4 58 7 Tallow 26 0 42 5 Occasionally we discover an item in which the Sydney ratea are lower than our own, but such instances are the ex- ception The comparative passenger rateB are not given, but fares as well aa goods charges rule lower in this colony. We have to thank Mr Rae for the in- telligent labours he has put before the public, and to remark that the informa- tion we have extracted is but a handful taken out of a store of wealth Wo published yesterday a letter signed " Fair Play," the writer of which calla our attention to the Collingwood Goa Company's bill now beforo Parliament. Ho gives a ßkotoh of the past proceed- ings of this corporation, from which ho deduces serious doubts oa to whothor thoy wero at all times dictated by a Bole desire to consider tho interoats of the public, and supply the conaumor witt' -. superior article at a moderate c This morning "Fair Play No. 2" ci to tho rescue of tho company in quf ' ^ and declares that it " has at all t " studied tho interests of tho gas c ? " sumer in every possible way." Wo think wo may safely leavo the two "Fair " Plays" to light this matter out betwoon them. Tho question Is not what thia company han done in the past, but what it is prepared to do now. A third company, known as the South Melbourne, is bound by very stringent conditions- conditions, some of which recent experience at home and else- where haa shown to bo necosflary for the protection of tho public Accord- ing to its act it cannot exceed a rate o£ 9s. per 1,000ft., and whonevor ita prouts exceed 10 per cent, it is bound to reduce the price. It must supply gaB with an illuminating power of not Iobs than 14 sperm candles, and ia restrained from erecting branch holders without the con- sent, in writing, of ovory householder within 300 yards of the spot where It lu sought to place them. No one can doubt that the provisions with regard to prlea and illuminating power, at all events, ara beneficial to the public. The Oolllng ,wood Gas Company, however, while seeking an extension of its powers, ob- jects to be boimd by the same conditions .as its young rival. "Fair Play No. 2," .speaking In its behalf, declares that now .as over it is desirous o£ consulting the 'Interests of ita customers in every way ; .but, while " quito propared to continue " to supply gas of superior illuminating -" powerat 7s. Gd. per 1,000ft.," it desires to retain tho right to charge 17s. Gd., and distributo dividends at tho rato of 25 por .cent, if it can earn thom. Wo must say that we think "Fair Play" makes out a ?very fair case, and wo submit that thoro ?can bo no possible harm donOj from a public point of view, in binding it in law to conditions which, according to " Fair "Play No. 2," it is ready to act on voluntarily. Wo havo hoard that unless the bul be accepted as it Btands, the Col- lingwood Company will abandon it, and go on under its present powers, whereby the districts at prosent outside its limits will be deprived of the advantage of a gas supply. Wo would point out, however, that the deprivation would in all proba- bility only be temporary, as the field thus left vacant could hardly fail to present attractions to others before long, The correspondence wo publish be- tween Messrs. Keosst Lautkeeh-, and Co., London, and the secretary of the Melbourne Vinegrowers' Association will be regarded as not the least gratifying contribution to the literature of Austra- lian vin egrowing. To afford our vignerons opportunity for oomparing their products with others of established repute, the London firm sent hither a selection of standard European wines, which, after duo rest, wore tested at a meeting of the association in April last year. Bach wine was presented under number, and the judgment thua given blindfold waa in favour of the Victorian products, only one of the foreign wines being included in the six which gained the highest approval. It was then determined to subject the wines to a similar ordeal in London, and, aa will be aeon, the verdict of the Melbourne vine gcowera was there, in point of fact, endorsed. The " remarks " made " beforo " the explanatory noto was openod " aro .extremely flattering to the growers, whose vineyards, it is_ noteworthy, aro, with one exception, situated in the southern portions of Victoria-the district which is regarded by many local men as being the least adapted for the successful prose- cution of vinegrowing. Whilst the pro- ducts of Ngarveno were declared to be "Madeira," and "old rich hook, heavy "and full;" whilst St. Hubert's Ries- ling is likened to " dry strong Madeira," Yeringberg Pineau to_"dry South of 4f France Bherry," Craiglee Riesling to " aromatic and very old hock, " TabilkRles ling to "old hock, very fine, high flavour," Yalungah, to "fine old dry hock," white Ivanhoe to " dry Madeira, full and *' round ;" the best the London experts could say of the European Marcobrun nerwas "Hockamell, not striking, thin ;" of the Oestricher, "round, Bprightly, ." like hook j" of the Sauterne, "new ?" rich hock, but somewhat lame." This Is indeed gratifying, because impartial, testimony to the excellence of our lighter wines. Tho letter of the London firm, .written after the identification of the winoa, ia not quite so flattering aa the .blindfold awards, and may lead to some suspicion of wisdom after the_ event. Its suggestions aro, however, evidently made In a good spirit, and wal doubtless be accepted as meant by the growers. The latter will look with even greater in- terest than before for the London report on tho second tasting of the duplicates, It may be seen by the report published In our columna on Tuesday last, that the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is unobtrusively, but none tho less effectually, doing considerable good ?in'our midst. During the past year the number of convictionB obtained directly tliruuijü tliu iiguncv vif tliiti tusmipliUiuu Ulta been ¡¡7, but of course it is impossible to say how many additional brutes may .have received a lesson from the punish- ments inflicted. Men who would not hesitate to abuse animals committed to thoir charge in the most revolting manner, ?put a curb _ in many instances on their savage instincts when they remember that cruel conduct somotimes leads to personal loss, and reflect that among the onlookers may be the society's inspec- tor. The society, however, has not confined its efforts to making men humane by operation of law. Much attention has been devoted, we are told, to " what may appropriately be " designated ' moral suasion,' " and great success has attended a system of judicious remonstrance. The remarks of the inspector have for the moat part been well received, and the committee is im- pressed by the fact that a great deal may bo done to forward the cause which it haa in view without constant appeals to the police courts. Tracts bearing on the proper treatment of animals have been put into circulation, and further arrange- ments made to issue publications at stated Intervals, calculated to arouse public Interest in tho matter. We think, how- ever, that the boBt feature of the year's transactions waa the inauguration of the '' scholars' branch" of the society in con- junction with the Victorian Sunday school Union. This is attacking the ovil at the fountain head. Aa tho report saya :-" Our future men and women aro " the young of to-day, and in thuB Beek ?" ing to train them in the exercise of uni " form considerato klndnosa to the " animal oreation, we aro doing a good " work, which it is hoped will eventuate " In its universal practice." The number .on the rolla ia alroady 1,000, and wo hope to aee It rapidly increased. The recelpta ?for the year-including a balance of £0 19s. 0s. 9d., and tho expenditure to £223 14s. <5d., leaving £7 Cs. 3d. to bo brought forward to tho curront twolve months. Wo trust that the public gonorally will become interested in the operations of this valuable society, and aid it with tho .sinews of war in its laudable contest with brutality. Wo miiBt romembor that to aid in tho formation of a merciful disposi- tion throughout society, íb not only to benofit tho animal creation, but also to assist in promoting national refinement and culture. lu the Legislative Council yesterday a Mir '.mount of business ^as transacted, although .J strenuous attempt was made to shelve the ;';,htB and Easements Bill, by Mr. Sargood .* °^ng in committee that the Chairman leave li? chair. Ho pointed out that the third .uuuhs relating to "claims to the nae of light" waa a most objectionable one, and he was upheld in that opinion by several hou. membera. Upon a division, however, the motion waa loot by one vote, and the bill waa proceeded with. It was, however, stated that the third reading would be oppo8od nnless the objectionable third clause was ex .cifled. When the JusticoB of the Peace Bill waa re-committed, in order to insert a new clause providing that judgea of the Supreme Court ahould be «icojicio justices of the peace, Mr. Anderson moved the oxcision of the words inserted in clause 3 by Mr. 'Sargood, providing that commanding officers of volunteer corpa should bo juaticea of the peace. Aa Mr. Anderson stated that the Government would drop the bill unlesa theso words were expunged, Mr. Sargood declined to bave the onus of preventing the passing of the bill thrown npon him, and did not offer any opposition. The words were there .lore Btruok out. A biU for more effectually preventing the sale of obscene books, .picturea, print«, and othor article», waa Brought toby Mr. Anderson, and read a first tune, the second reading being fixed for this wternoon. The Local Governing Bodiea "Loan Act Amendment Bill waa paased 'through *U ita stages, and some slight amendments were made in the Old Metal Dealers Bill. The Colonial Bank Bill was finally disposed of, and the Emerald-hill Council Bill advanced a stage. The Council then adjourned until this afternoon, when the Supreme Conrt Jurisdiction Bill will receive further consideration. The Electoral Bill has at length passed its final stage in the Legislative Assembly. The two new clauses, which tbe House in highly virtuous fit added last week, with the view of purifying election practices, were struck oat, further consideration having ap- parently convinced hon. members that they would prove unworkable. The clause, making the hiring of a cab an act of bribery, was excised by a majority of SO votes to l8, and that declaring the keeping open of public-houses a aimilar offence waa lost by 32 votes to 29. Mr. Jobnatone renewed his proposal that a third member be given to Geelong, which was formerly lost by only two votes, and this timo he got a majority of 16, no less than nine Government supporters voting with him, viz.:-Messrs. Campbell, Connor, Uanna, Hopkin»*, MaoBain, Mackay, Mason, Stewart, and Witt. Mr. Langton brought a storm about hia ears by remarking that there seemed to be a combination of hon. members on the two sides of the House, with the understanding "you vote for me, and I'll vote for you,'' and that it the supporters of a University member had descended to those tactics, they could have easily secured a victory. Messrs Patterson, Munro, and Hanna endeavoured to get an additional representative for Castlemaine, North Melbourne, and Moira respectively, but without success, Sir James M'Culloch having intimated that if the House persisted in adding to the number of members it wonld be the duty of the Govern, ment to consider whether they would not abandon the measure. The bill was then read a third time, and after some amend- ments relating to boundaries of divisions had been disposed of, it was passed and ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Council, amid cheers from the right of the Speaker. It was elicited in answer to questions by hon. members in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, that the Government had received various communications on the subject of the proposed Indian and Colonial Museum, but would not be in a position to deal with the matter until after the receipt of fuller information, which had been promised ; that a sum of £7,000 was now being ex- pended in the improvement of the Echuca wharves, and it was desirable to see the effect of the present expenditure before authorising any further outlay ¡-that with regard to the temporary reserves for friendly societies on Emerald-hill, the societies holding them had been re- quested not to expend any more money until the Government had considered whether it was deBirable to take over this land, com- pensating those societies which had incurred expenditure ;-that the Government would not authorise any expenditure to test the efficiency of a proposed continuous railway break, pending the results of a Boyal commis- sion now sitting on the subject ia England : that Mesera W. H. Wilson, of Merriang, and J. G. Pearson, of Craigieburn, had been asked if they would allow their names to be placed on the commission of the peace, and that a petition had been received from in- habitants of Beveridge, asking that Mr. E. Wright might be placed on the commission of the peace ;-that notwithstanding the appeal to the Privy Council the Govern- ment hoped to receive the full amount of £30,000 duty from the estate of the late Major Bell, but in no case would the House be aBked to pass any retrospective legislation to secure the payment of the whole amount; that the,time of closing the mails at Horsham for Melbourne had been altered from half-past 7 p.m. to 0 a.m.; and tbat excursion trains would be run for the Geelong Agricultural Show if a guarantee as to the receipts were given. The attention of Sunday trains was dis cussed in the Legislative Assembly yesterday afternoon, Mr, Langridge asked that the experiment should be tried during the summer months, to enable country people to visit town, and town people to visit the country, and he considered that such an arrangement would bo a great boon to the working classes. Mr. Jones said he was satisfied that Sunday trains would not pay, and, besides, public opinion was scarcely favourable! to the proposal. Mr. Lalor advocated the running of trains on Sundays on religions grounds, in order to afford people facilities for going to church, remarking that it was a similarly religions reason which induced the pious directors of the M. and H. B. Railway to run Sunday trains. There wero ironical cries of "Shame" when Mr. Jones mentioned that there were now 24 Government trains running every Sunday, these being the only trains that wonld pay on that day. The Miuister of Mines yesterday presented to the Legislative Assembly a report of the chief engineer of Water Supply, in respect to the drainage of the overflow waters from Lakes Colac and Corangamite. There were three suggestions remitted to Mr. Gordon for con' sideration-1. That the level of Lake Coran- gamite should be reduced to its former level by lowering it about 4ft. 2. That the over How from Lake Colac should be disposed of 3 That Lake Corangamite should be trans- formed into a fresh-water lake. Mr. Gordon is of opinion that the third suggestion is to all intents and purposes impracticable. The most direct means of lowering the surface of Corangamite would be to cut a deep channel, the bed of which would be at the level of the former surface of the lake, and by that channel drain off the top water to a depth of 4ft Such a work would not be impossible, but as the lake is described as being "salter than the sea," it could not be carried out without serious injury to the land, the lakes, the water-courses, and the River Barwon, through which the water would have to flow, after passing through the channel. The only other practicable way would bo to divert a groat part of the water Sowing into the lake by taking a channel off the Woady Yallook Creek, the main feeder of the lake, and leading tho water through Culvert's and Du Hub's lakes into the Birregurra Creek. The cost of this work is estimated at about £63,000, exclu- sive of the purchase of about 200 acres of land required. The smaller scheme for dis- posing of the surplus water of Lake Colac, which ia at present received into Calvert's Lake, could probably be accomplished for £7,600, exclusive of the purchase of 100 acres of land. A return, obtained on the motion of Mr. Woods, was presented to the Assembly last evening by the Minister of Railways Bhowing the amount of Sunday traffic on the Victorian lines during the last 12 months. On the Williamstown line there were 97,098 passengers, and the revenue was £2,388153., and on the Essendon line, IS, 475 passengers, and the revenue was £299 0a. lOd. TheBO figures did not include anything for passen- gers travelling on periodical tickets, but only the revenue earned by issne of tickets on Sundays. The wages paid for Sanday work on the above amounted to £927 Ga. 8d. (not including wages and salaries that would have been paid in any case), the number of persons employed who would not have worked if Sunday trains had not been run being '1. Thirty goods trains were run during 1875 6 on Sunday, viz., 29 with empty sheep trucks, bringing back goods if any were available, and one exceptional train convey- ing telegraph poles for the postal department. The earnings or expenses of those trains could not be given. Mr. Parves presented a petition to the Legislative Assembly yesterday from a num- ber of selectors on the Carrum Swamp under the Amending Land Act of 1869. The petitioners stated that they had received a promise that residence on their selections would not he strictly enforced, in consequence of the swampy nature of the land, if the Minister was satisfied of their bona fides. This promise, however, they stated was not fulfilled, and they therefore asked that a select committee of the House might be appointed to inquire into the facts of their several cases. The petition was received. A petition was presented to the Legislative Assembly yesterday, by Mr. Cope, from several selectors in the parishes of Bram- burra and Myamyn, who alleged that a man named Archibald M'Donald was not legally entitled to occupy certain land (610 acres in area) of which he was in possession, through his selection having become forfeited for non improvement, The petitioners asked that an inquiry might be instituted into the case, with the object of having the land put np for selection, The petition was received. About 100 portable schools have been sent out by the Education department into the country districts, thegreater number into the northern portions of the colony. These build- ings are of very light construction, and during the heat of summer will be unpleasantly warm. To obviate any inconvenience on this account, the Minister of Instruction has oaused to be de- spatched to the teachers of these schools packets of seeds of quick-growing trees and shrubs, which in course of time would give a considerable amount of shade. The teachers will require to give a little attention to the cultivation of these trees, but the work will doubtless be a labour of love on their part. The Postmaster-General has had under consideration for some time past the de- sirability of entering into an arrangement with the United States Government, whereby the money-order system can be made avail able between the two countries. A com- munication has been forwarded to Wash- ington, with the .view of obtaining this result, and it is anticipated that the system may come into operation by the beginning of next year. A deputation from the Victorian Humane Society waited on the Treasurer yesterday, to urge upon him the necessity for taking steps to provide that vessels trading to Victorian ports should carry additional and more efficient means for saving life at sea in cases of shipwreck. Sir James M'Calloch expressed his sympathy with the object desired, but pointed out there were con- siderable difficulties in the way. He did not think our regulations could be made applicable to other than vesaels Victorian owned. He promised to obtain all the infor- mation he could relative to life-saving apparatus with the view of dealing with this matter. The deputation also brought under bis notice the claims of the society to Govern mentasBiBtance, mentioningtbat Mr. Service, when Treasurer, bad promised to place a sum of £250 on the Estimates as soon as the society received a similar amount in subscrip. tions. This sum had been more than ob- tained, and the society now desired to claim the grant. Sir James M'Calloch said that the claim must be put in writing, and should receive consideration. Mr. Whitelaw, representing the Alexandra Shire Council, waited on the Chief Secretary yesterday with reference to the subsidy on the Riversdale Bridge. He explained that in April, 1875, a contract was entered into and plans approved of for the erection of a bridge over the Goulburn for a sum of £1,865, but that owing to the heavy rains in the winter of that year, and certain defects in the plan, it was impossible to complete the contract within the specified time, viz., 31st Decem- ber, 1875, The bridge was, however, now finished, at a coBt of £2,200, of which sum only £290 bad been received as subsidy. It was now asked that the Government should pay their own portion of the contract. Mr, Macpherson stated that a large sam bad that year been placed on the Estimates for shire councils, but the money not appliod for had lapsed into the general revenue. He wonld, however, look over the papers, and inquire more fully into the matter. A suit was commenced in the Equity Court yesterday, in which the United Hand and Band Company, Ballarat, seek to set aside a sale of the company's plant and mine by the National Bank to a Mr. Lakeland for £6,000. The bank sold by virtue of the powers contained in a mortgage, but the company impeach the validity of this mortgage; and, further, allege collusion between the bank and some of the directors so as to take the property from the plaintiffs and give it to a new com- pany. Only one witness waa examined yesterday, Mr. James Cotter, the legal manager of the company, who gave evidence to support the plaintiff's caso. In the course of bis examination ho said that he had brought down nearly half a ton of books and papers which he had been subpoenaed to produce, and even then he left a lot of papers behind him. He also said that about half a million of money was spent in four shafts on the mine. The evidence will be continued to-day. When some alterations were recently made in the Supreme Court a punkah was fitted np in the small building generally used for an oquity court-house. This machine was set in motion yesterday for the first time. Everyone was complaining of the close atmo- sphere and of the absence of ventilation, and thereupon the crier began to pull away at tbe punkah. He continued at this work for about five minutes, when Mr. Holroyd jumped up and said that not only was it per iectly useleBB as causing any change in the heat of the atmosphere, but the rope being pulled through tbe pulleys caused such a noise that be could not hear what the wit- ness was Baying. Mr. Justice Molesworth said if the punkah did no good it mie,ht as well be stopped, and stopped it accordingly was In connexion with this subject of ventilating the courts it maybe mentioned that the Chief Jus'ice has directed that the Old Courthouse should be supplied with Tobin's ventilating apparatus, and the necessary alterations to carry out this order aro now being effected. Michael Flynn, a farmer of Wahring, and Elizabeth Margaret Flynn, his wife, were tried yesterday at the Criminal Sessions on a charge of murdering William Commons, a farmer, who also resided at Wahring. The evidence was to the effect that a quarrel took place between Mrs. Flynn and Mrs. Com mons near a road, and that the deceased and his wife went to Flynn's house and recom menced the quarrel. While it was proceed, ing Flynn hit Commons a blow on the head with a pick-handle, from which Com mons died in about nine hours. The defence was that Commons began the quarrel at Flynn's house, and struck at Flynn twice before Flynn struck him, and, unfor tunately, without any intention of doing so, caused a fracture of the skull which resulted in death. The jury found the male prisoner guilty of manslaughter, but with a strong recommendation to mercy, and acquitted the female prisoner, The latter was dis- charged, and the former was remanded for sentence. A form of practice new to Melbourne was adopted in the Supreme Court yesterday, in tbe trial of Michael Flynn and his wife for murder. The Crown prosecutor declined to call two witnesses who had been examined at the coroner's inquest, and the counsel for the prisoners drew attention to the fact. Mr, j Justice Stephen, who presided at the trial, j ashed the Crown prosecutor what he would do if he (Mr. Justice Stephen) called the wit- nesses and questioned them. Mr. O'Loghlen replied that he would cross examine the wit- nesses. . His Honour then called the wit- nesses, and it was agreed that Mr. O'Loghlen should ask questions as to the evi. dence the witnesses gave at the coroner's inquest instead of the judge asking them, and that he should croBS-examine them after- wards. That course was accordingly followed with both of tbe witnesses. It was stated during the course of the remarks made on the question of praotice, that judges at home had recently called witnesses themselves under similarciroumstances. His Honour said he had followed thepractice in acose which he heard while on circuit in the country. The evidence the witnesses gave yesterday waa altogether in favour of the prisoners, audit was not shaken in cross- examination. One of the witnesses was a sister of the female puBoner, and the other was a labourer em ployed by the male prisoner At the sittngs of the Criminal Sessions yeeterday the Crown entered a nolle prosequi against Margaret Conway, a girl of about 14 who had boen committed for trial from Wil liamstown on a charge of infanticide. The curator of intestate estates yesterday obtained rules to administer the estates of the following deceased intestate -George Harrison ."lemington died 19th August, 187G £710s.,Oscar Liesa 113 Swanston street Mel bourne, died lGth September 1876 £1288 9b Shortly before the late Captain Irwin took command of the Dandenong on her fata' voyage, he passed the pilot exemption exa ruination of the Steam Navigation Board The fees paid were considerable and it has been auggeated that as Captain Irwin re ceived no advantage from their payment, it would be a graceful act on the part of the Government to return the money to Mrs Irwin Perhaps the Commissioner of Cus toms will see what can be done in the matter The City Bench waa occupied again yeBter day with the case of Mark Lyons the Jew who waa arrested on a charge of feloniously receiving stolen property in Griqualand, South Africa Mr Gurner, the Crown sohct tor, appeared on behalf of the prosecution, and Mr Purves for the prisoner The warrant received by the mail, and by virtue of which the prisoner was re arrested, was produced and entered as evidence, it having been dnly endorsed by Mr Justice Molesworth, The depositions and a statement in which the prisoner admitted that he had committed the crime of receiving property whioh he knew waa stolen, could not be received as evidence, no one having arrived to swear to the signatures, but Detective Mackay gave evident« that the prisoner admitted to him that the endorsement of the statement waa his signature and that accord- ing to one of the communications from the Earl of Carnarvon, a witness was on his way from South Africa to Melbourne After hearing the case, the Bench re manded the prisoner for seven days that they might consider the nature of the evidence which had been adduced The subject matter of the prosecution ia the receiving of a four or five carat diamond, worth from £4 to £5 per carat which had been stolen by a black girl named Elseo Solomon from her paramour, a digger, named Julius Groate Lyona according to the depositions pur chased the diamond for £10 and a smaller diamond The girl was aentenced to six weekB imprisonment for the theft and Lyons waa committed for trial, liberated on bail of himself ia £300 and two sureties in £160 each, and subsequently absconded The Hon Thomas Elder, of Adelaide, has placed at Baron von Muellers disposal for examination the important collection of plants formed by Mr Ernest Giles m his last expedition from Western Australia to South Australia By theBO means a large gap in our former knowledge of the vegetation of Australia will now be filled up, and a still further inBight into the physiognomy of the country lately bo well explored by Mr Giles will be obtained At the meeting of the Melbourne Hospital Committee yesterday a letter waa received from the honorary medical officers, pointing out objections to the arrangement with re gard to the division of the resident medical staff, as provided for by the new rules It waa stated by membera of the committee that when these rules were under discussion the opinion of the honorary staff was asked for, but not given, and the committee now decline to take any action in the matter. A aale of Crown landa waa held yeaterday at MeBBrs John Buchan and Co'a rooms Queen street. There were only two lota catalogued, one of 38 acres adjoining the Williamstown Racecourse, and the other of 320 acres, m the parish of Gembrook, county of Mornington The land at Williamstown elicited some competition, and advanced from £3 to £5 2s Gd per acre The block at Gembrook only roaliaod tho upnot pnoo of £1 per acre, and the total proceeds of the Bale amounted to £486 The following tendera were accepted at the Education Office, yeaterday -Cowie'a Creek, teacher's residence, Thorn and Heming £226 12s , Trawalla, extension of teachers' resi- dence, H L Schlemermeyer £98 la , Merrijig Jamieson district, new Behool house, W. ABpden, £294, Jamieson new schoolhouse, Dodaon and Co, £1,120, Canmco flat, Smythesdale district, new schoolhouse, J. Butterwick, £272, Wabdallah, Geelong dis- trict, state achool extension, J Holyoak, £05, construction of 60 portable achool build- ings to be delivered m Melbourne, J. Ken nedy, £5 739 8a 9d Mr. Coppin received a letter by the English mail from H M S Sultan Besika Bay, Dar- danelles, stating that HSH the Dake of Fmnburgh "will have much pleaaure in allon mg his name to be associated with the Dramatic and Musical Association of Aus- tralasia by becoming ita patron. He also received a letter from Mr Dion Boucicault, stating that 'it gives me great pleasure to request you will place 10 guineas in my name to the credit of the Dramatic and Musical Association The Bub committee of the Horticultural Society of Victoria appointed to carry out ar rangements for the spring exhibition, to be held in the Town hall Melbourne, on the 2nd and 3rd prox, met at Hawthorn, on Monday evening There were present MesBrs Crichton, Murdock Woodmason, and Toon A letter waB read from His Excellency the Governor stating his wilhngnesB to open the exhibition Letters were also read from the various gentlemen appointed to act aa judges consenting to fill the office The plana for tabling were decided upon, and arrangements made respecting the band Other mattera of detail having been gone into and some routine business disposed of the meeting was adjourned until the 23td lllBt. The final heat of the Melbourne Rowing Club trial fours was rowed off yesterday evening between Richards and Webbs crewe The course was from the Botanic Bardens bridge to Edwarde boat houso Vi ebb s crew having the advantage of boing on the north aide The crewe got away well together, and raced level round the ButhB corner and to the next turn where Richards crew gained a slight advantage, which they maintained to the ond, in spite of a most de teimined struggle on the part of Webbs crew and won by about half a boat a longtb The winning crew rowed in a boat built by Hiller Tho boat rowed by Webb a crew waa built by Edwards A cricket match-M C C v Calithumpiane -will be ployed on the Melbourne ground to day, play to commence at 12 sharp The M C C team will be choaen from the following - MesBrs Alexander Blackburn V L Came. ron, Cooper Cosstick Bell Gibson Kelly, MacDonnell, M Evoy Miller Newmg Robin son, and Terry AninqueBtwoaheldbyDr Youl at the Hoa pital jeBterday, on the body ot the man who was found in an insensible state, through dunk in Lonsdale Btroot weat on Saturday last and who diod in the Hospital on th0 following morning The body waa identified aa that of Richard Hurley aged 26 years who arrived m the ship North American from London, on the 13th mat Dr Williams deposed that he had made a post mortem exa mination, and found that the cause of death waa congestion of the brain induced by ex ccssive drinking The jury roturned a verdict accordingly At half past 3 o dook yesterday morning a fire broke out on the premises occupied by the Melbourne Steam Laundry Company, at the corner of Stephen and Lonsdale streets One Donald Blyth, belonging to the Tele graph department wes passing the pre mises, and observed that they were on fire. He carried the information to the Metropolitan Tire Brigade Station The brigade proceeded to the spot and found a|counter, cupboard, and shelving in a room oh the ground floor in flames. They quickly extinguished the fire. Tbe damage, which ncluded the destruction of some bundles of articles sent there for laundry purposes, is roughly estimated at between £l?t> and £150, and is covered by insurance. Some men were at wotk on the premises fitting up a steam pipe until half-past 11 p.m. on the previous night. Mr. Taylor, the manager, was also present, and locked up tho place, there being then no appearance of fire. Yestorday afternoon an accident happened to a man named Matthew Houston, who lived in Clarke-street, Emerald-hill, when working on board the Alma at the Queen's Wharf. A rope he was pulling gave way, which caused bim to fall and fracture bis left leg. He was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital. At a special meeting of the members of the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, held in the Athenoum last night, Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett presiding, Mr, David Lee was, on the motion of Mr. W. H. Ellerker, seconded by Mr. G, W. Freeman, unanimously elected to the position of conductor of the society, which was rendered vacant by the resigna- tion of Mr. Summers. Mr. Lee received a most cordial welcome, and briefly returned thanks for the honour conferred upon him, The celebration services in connexion with the opening of the West Melbourne Inde- pendent Church, William-street north, were concluded lost evening. Tea was partaken of in a large marquee which had been erected in the church reserve, and despite the rain a large company sat down at the tables. Later in the evening, a public meeting was held in the church, over which Mr. James Dodgshnn presided. The chairman congratulated the congregation upon the success which had attended its efforts to secure a site and a place or worship worthy of its growing numbers and importance. A handsome marble tablet to the memory of the late Rev. Thomas Odell, who was the founder of the churcb, and for 17 years its pastor, was unveiled by the Rev. Mr. Moss, who spoke warmly of the services rendered by the de- ceased gentleman, not only to the religious body withwhichhehad been more particularly identified, but to the Christian church at large. Mr. Daniel presented to Mr. R, C Dunn, the senior deacon, a handsomely illuminated address, expressive of the affec- tion and esteem in which he was held by the congregation, and thanking bim for the many services rendered by him to the church dnring a connexion with it of over a quarter of a century. Mr. Dunn having briefly and suitably replied, addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs. Green, Gcsman, Kent, Sunderland, Whitmee, and other gentlemen. A selection of sacred music was given during the evening by the church choir, and a collection was made on behalf of the building fnnd. Mr. Strutt, gold-fields warden for the St. Andrew's division of the Castlemaine mining dittrict, has dismissed the complaint in the case of Leary v. Sleggantz, which was heard at Heidelberg on the 9th inst, and reported in our issue of the 11th. An application has been made to Mr. Strutt to state a special case for the opinion of the Court of Mines' He has promised to consider the matter' and to announce his decision on Monday next. The Jika Shire Council, by a majority of six to three, have confirmed a "special order" made on the 11th of September for the removal of the Northcote toll-gate from its present Bite to a point on the main road " on a line with the south side of Urquhart stieet." The position is quito close to the new bridge over the Merri Creek, and it ia anticipated that the income from the toll will be increased to the amount of £350 a year. Bank holidays have been proclaimed as follows :-Thursday, October 19, at Mur- chison and Mooroopma ; Monday, October 23, at Stawell. The Mount Buninyong tollgate, abolished under the Amending Local Government Act, bas been restored. We learn by telegram from our Hay corre respondent that Mr. Matthew Palmer, of Canoon, one of the oldest squatters on the Murrumbidgee, died yesterday. Fas ett' ti ab hoste doeeri. The Talbot Leader, which speaks of the present Govern- ment as a "conspiracy against democracy," is struck hy the result of a comparison between the statistics of New South Wales and Victoria, It finds that "the rate of increase in the sister colony is twice as rapid as in this one." It goes on to say : "Formerly, the reverse of this was the case, and tbat the case should now be altered ia such an emphatic manner may be fairly claimed by the advocates of free trade as conclusive and irrefragible evidence of the superiority of the financial policy of free trade over the protective policy of Victoria, as exhibited in this item of the relative experiences of the two colonies. And it must be borne in mind that the ratio of in- crease of population is one of the most authentic and significant indices of the pro* grees and prosperity in a country, especially a young one. Coming next to imports and exports, the results are still more signifi- cantly in favour of the free-trade colony." After quoting at length from statistics which supi-nt this proposition, the Leader con citt change in a free-trade direction is not soon made in our fiscal policy, Victoria must re- cede from being the first colony of Austral- asia to a second or third class position. The above statistics are rendered the more signi- ficant from the fact of the gold produce of this colony being still largely in excess of that of New South Wales." Referring to the programme of the so called National League, the Ballarat Star says:- "Tbe colony is, certainly, on the verge of a new era. Old things are passing away, and new ones will have to be foundi whilst the general policy will have to be con. Bidered upon other grounds than the easy ones with which wo have grown familiar There is, therefore, ample scope for good men and true, for the earnest worker and the genuine liberals ; but the colony does not want any moro of the time-servers and make believers who have cried out so lustily, and keep on crying out, mistaking the means for tho end. We do not wish to see popular victories frittered away by a lot of busy-bodies, who aro only desirous of making themselves conspicuous, or who take to public life as an easy means of getting a living, TheBO are the mon who have made ' the liberal' cause so ridiculous already, who have Btood in the way of real reforms mooted years ago, and who are no nearer now to what is wanted than they woro when they roared bo loudly for that popular model, Mr. C. E, Jones, Leagues organised on these old, worn-out methods, sustained by noisy spouters, made the toola of cunning politicians, will never get the reforms that are required, but only help the very party which they denounce so strongly." The Riverine Herald states that Mr. Richardson, secrotary of the Deniliquin and Moama Railway Compauy, with which he has been associated from its formation, is about to resign his office. Mr. T. W. Cham- bers, lately connected with the Riverina Meat-preserving Company, will succeed Mr. Richardson in the secretaryship. At the Davenport Brothers' performance at Inglewood on Saturday evening an un- pleasant disturbance occurred. A correspon. dent of the Bendigo Advertiser relates : " Professor Fay, as ububI, made his appear- ance on the stage, and asked the audience to select two gentlemen from their number to act as a committee Instantly the hall resounded with the cries of ' Jewell and Butchor.' Professor Foy objected to any gentleman living out of the district coming on the stage to tie the Davenport Brothers, and more especially Mr. Butoher, as thoy had bad enough of bim in Sandhurst, where he tied thom up in a most brutal manner, stop- ping the circulation ot the blood. The cries for 'Jewoll and Butoher' continued. Mr. Baetow rose and said to Professor Fay, ' You asked the audience to select two gentlemen. They bave done so. Why do you objeot to Jewell and Butcher V Pro* lessor Fay replied that they must objeot to Mr, Butoher. Mr. Ira Davenport then stepped on the stage and requested Mr. Butcher to clear off, adding that his money would be returned if he would go out The utmost confusion ensued. Mr. Butcher would not move, aa the audience waa with him. Mr. Ira Davenport threatened to lock Butoher up, and fetched a policeman, when the audience still insisted on Jewell and Butcher tying the Davenports. Professor Fay said that sooner than the brothers should be tied by Butcher he would return all the money, and anyone that chose to go out could have hjs money at the door. Mr. Jewell offered to tie them both, but this they declined. He then offered to tie them for a wager on the stage; this they declined. Mr. Jewell said, ' Consider yourselves bowled out You have shown the white feather. Throw up the apongo.' Two-thirds of the audience got their money returned, and left the hall." A very serious accident occurred at Geelong ïCBterday. A lad named George Bonning, between 14 and 15 years of age, had got on the scaffolding at the Union Hotel, non un- dergoing alterations, and thence got on the parapet, whilst acting na aasiatant to tbe contractors executing the work, On return- ing from the parapet the lad jumped on to the platform between two posts, and the timber springing sont him over. He fell head first on to the metal underneath, a distance of 22ft, and waa taken to the hospital, whore he was Ijing last night in a state of col- lapse. Aa the s.S. Cheviot waa coming up the Yarra yeBterd&y; afternoon at half-speed she ran into the barque Deux Frères, near the bone mills. The hull of the barque waa con- siderably injured, and she will probably have to be docked for repairs. The Cheviot subse- quently bumped against the steamer Barra- bool, but in this case no damage waa done. Dr. SilveBter (the Fakir of Oolu) ap- peared in the District Police Court yes- terday as defendant in a small debt case He was summoned by Mr. Joseph Geary, who alleged that the del.mdant owed him £10 10s. for a dramietta entitled " Golden Dreama." The evidence for the plaintiff went to show that the dramietta was written at the order of the defendant or his agen', Mr. Campbell, by the plaintiff; that cer- tain alterations suggested by the defendant were made, and that the production waa then approved of by him and accepted. Dr. SilveBter, on the other hand, stated that he never employed the plaintiff to write a play, but consented to hear the production in question read, and on hearing the com- mencement of it, pronounced it unfit for presentation to bia audiences. In the first act three days were supposed to elapse while a young lady (who had two lovers) waa on the stage, and apart from this absurdity the play contained about six sceneB (with only one ghost), which rendered it impossible to be produced on the stage of St. George's Hall. Moreover, he (Dr. SilveBter) had em- ployed Mr. Garnet Walch to write hie plays, and therefore had no need for the services of the plaintiff. On being told that his production waB unsuitable, the plain- tiff said that he would alter it and the de- fendant replied that he might do aa he pleased. Evidence corroborative of the de- fendant's statement was adduced, and the caBe waa diamieaed, with two guineas costs. We regret to state that a painfnl accident befel Mr. Wilson, of the circus, yesterday, while attending a aale of horses at Kirk's Bazaar, He was standing near a young horse, which a bystander inconsiderately struck with a whip. The animal lashed out, and Mr. Wilson received a Bharp kick on the right thigh. The bone waa not broken, but tbe limb waa severely bruised, and Mr. Wilson ia now confined to his room. We are promised still another circus. Signor Ginlio Agrati, who waa manager for Chiarini, has, states the Sydney Morning Herald, made arrangements to bring out from Philadelphia what is said to be the largest combination circus that baa ever loft America. It ia called Baily, Cooper, and Co.'s, and it has been " running '.' during the Exhibition. It consista of 30 performers, 25 horses, six ponies, 10 cages of wild animalB, aix camels, six elephants, and two zebras. It ia being brought down the Pacific slope in 45 cara, and ia expected to arrive in Sydney per the City of Sydney about the beginning of December. A vocal and instrumental concert waa given in the Fitzroy Town-hall last night in aid of the Dandenong Relief Fund. A varied programme, consisting of aongB, recitations, and Scotch dances, wbb gone through very creditably, The WeBt Melbourne Town Band and the Collingwood Rifles Bond, under the direction of Mr. Hearnes, were in atten- dance, and played at intervale during the evening. After the concert the hall waa cleared, and a short programme of dancea gone through. Notwithstanding the very unpropitlous state of the weather last evening there waa a very good attendance at the Ciroua. Hia Excellency the Governor and family were to have been present, but early in the evening a letter waa received from Major Pitt stating that in consequence of the wet weather the vice-regal visit would be postponed. There were several new items in the programme, all of which gave great satisfaction. The prin- cipal change waa the introduction by Mr. Kingsley of two trick horses (Lion and Tiger) trained by him. Their performance plainly showed that with care and kindness horses can be taught to do almost anything. The hurdle race was, as usual, the source of much ex- citement, and the conteste were so close that tho winners were heartily cheered. This afternoon there will be a day performance, arranged solely for the benefit of the juve- niles and timid persons, and consequently the hnrdlo races and tho trapeze perform- ance will be excised from the programme. Mr. W. Bramble, tho blind violinist, has achieved a decided success at St. George's nail. Last night he received a moat en- thusiastic encore for his violin solo. The Australian Natives' Association will hold a meeting this evening, at 8 o'clock, at Hockin's Rooms. "Modotato Drinking of Intoxicating Liquors the Most Dangerous Delusion of the Age " is the subject of a lecture to bo de- livered by Mr. John Nimmo, J.P., in the Gospel-ball, at half-past 7 this evening. A slight error occurred in the list of prize takers in the Ladies' Match at the late V.R.A. meeting. Lieutenant Christopher son's score of 31 waB put down, through the miBtake of the register-keeper, to Gunner CheBsell, E.H.A., who only made 26. Lieu- tenant Christopherson, U.C.It., therefore takes fourth prize, viz, Mesare. Bennett and Holloway, trophy, value£3 3s. 