LITERATURE. TOM SAWYER.* In this book Mark Twain has taken a toy for the bero, and has made a very amusing picture of the incidents and fcumoar? oC bay life, one which commends itself directly to the mind ol the reader as showing great in tight into boys and their ways and feeling Hesayv, in bis preface, that it is intended pi.Wily for the entertainment of boys and gills, although he hopes it will not be shunned by mm and women on that account. There is certainly no reason why it should be ebttnned by them, as tits book is replete with afl of its author's powers of quiet observation and quint facetionsness. In deed, in all prob&bilitf;, the men and women gmnpgiw readers will derive far more amuse ment and enter far better into the humonr of the book than the boys and girls. The capacity cf enjoying humour is only partially developed in boys and girls, and it^ is doubtful H tbey would "see muchfan la a book, the humour of which is baaed upon an amusing representation of their own habits, and newt, and modes of and idioms of conversation. We should like to test an average boy with this took, and observe how far he could enjoy fee laugh which be must see was often directed sgainst many of the no dons and fancies which to bim were very real and attractive. Boys, we believe, are not very cat*We of appreoatiug humour, and although not wanting in a sense of the ludicrous, do not combine this sense with the sympathies which go to make up humour. What strikes them and moves their merriment is the odd, and they are un able to detect, or even to recognise when pointed cmt, the humour which lurks in the ordinary and common- place. Still less are tbey sufficiently introspective and retrospec tive to be able to stand aside and laugh at tfwr own every-day habits and hopes. It is more likely that to a boy of quick per ceptions this humorous setting forth of visions, Mid romantic dreams, and adven. tnroos ideals, which he must feel that be has himself secretly cherished, and perhaps still cherishes, would have rather a saddening effect otherwise. He would fee1 the djgijhigioning, and would not enjoy the humour. In reading Don Qulzote, boys ate all on fee side of fee chivalrous mono maniac, and think he is hardly and unjustly treated try a world that was not worthy of bi«» Boys are too much in earnest in ftifjr romantic aspirations to bear to have them laoghed at, still less to share in the i«gii- Hence, we imagine, Mark Twain will find his most appreciative readers, not among boys and girls, bat among men and women, who will, no doubt, In accordance with his plan, be pleasantly reminded-in reading Torn Sawyer "of what they once were themselves, and ol bow they felt, and thought, and talked, and what queer enterprises they sometimes engaged in." Tom Sawyer is rather a typical boy than a good boy, alter fee fashion ot fee heroes of fee good boy book*. He was not at all good fwmgb to be carried off early by a rapid consumption, or to furnish materials by his conversation for an improving tract. "He was not fee model boy of the village. He knew fee model boy very well, though, and loathed him." A feeling which Tom only shared with the healthiest part of boy humanity. These model boys are dually so by the force of merely negative qualities, and an instinctive feeling to this effect is present to the minds of boys of stronger vitality, to whom they are constantly held up as an examples. Indeed, Tom would rathy come under classification as a bad boy. He is never deterred from any wrong-, doing by compunction as to fee number of fictions he will have to invent to escape punishment In this direction Tom die. plays inventive powers amounting almost to genius. After getting out of a scrape or two by fee exercise of this mis directed faculty, we find him' at the outset of fee book quarrelling and fighting with another boy merely because the stranger is neatly dressed on a week day, and "had a citified air about him feat ate into Tom's vitals." Although Tom gets rather the best of the encounter, he goes away saying that ' be' lowed' to 'las' feat boy." Neither is he a specially intelligent boy *, at any rate, be is far behind those models of inquiring intelligence bent wholly on fee acquisition of useful knowledge which we know in books of the Sandford end Merlon type. Tom, indeed, has a science in which he . is an adept, but it is of an occult nature, and to any one other than a boy would sewn more like superstition. He and his mate, a young Bedouin named Hoddeberry Finn, who is .".on of the town drunkard," are familiar with manycharms and incantations, examples of the boys' witchcraft which is handed down like the annual succession of games, by some mysterious tradition of which it would not be essf to give any account. They have, for instance, many ways of curing -traits, all of which would a few hundred yeaza MO have subjected feem to ferial and punishment for witchcraft One of these methods, ot whicfc Tom ha never heard befone, fs told to him, and after hearing of its , .grotesque boyish dtaWerfehe edwiteth>atit "flonnds like a good way." At aaofew w«find bim burying a marblejwith .Bodn jtocfctations, and \jpeJ4ug the_plaoe "a teiBiAV^» «*pecting to find aU jthe marbles ferfrad lost fa his life bad -fl themselves there, and quite as. ES13' «mTnarnleisd to find that the Bis whols structure of A«n ia Its foundations, and is STuSrtM tftff -r-"*" ""*w SLwS&Sfm;» witch had interfered "*? Wh (a Ann t to whitewash (iMuotlwrltDe. lie get# them Co boy frotn fctm prciftioo to do some oC the work, aud tLcs, in tte coarse of the day. gets the job DENE ENEUF, and accomolatee a considerable capitil of each thirg* u " put of a Jew's harp, a piece of btae-bottle glass to look tfcrongb, a key that wooldnt unlock any thing, a couple of tadpoles, a kitten with only one eye," and sundry other valuables. With these be be ye next Sunday &t; the Sunday school enough tickets to go ap as the prize-boy for a presentation Bible. As it happens, there are viator* at the school, and Tom is pat through an extem pore examination. He is asked the names of the two first disciples, and an only make a frantic dash as the two names which first occur to him of Biblical associa tions, which happen to be " Divid and foolish " Bat Tom feels that his tree career is in mmrtiw direction. He determines to be a pirate, and fancies " how gloriotuly he would go ploughing the dancing seas In ha long, low, black racer, the 'Spirit of the Storm,' with his grisly flag flying at the fore !". He gets two other boys to join him in man ning a small log rait, and patting off to an island in the Mississippi, near their town. This is the account of their meeting at the place of rendezvous " About midnight Tom arrived with a boiled bam and a few trifles, and stowed in a dense undergrowth on a small bluff overlooking the meeting place. It was star, light, and very still. The mighty rim lay like an ocean at rest. Tom listened a mo ment, but no sound disturbed tits quiet. Then he gave a loir, distinct whistle. It was answered from under the Naff. Tom whistled twice more; these signals were answered in toe same way. Thai a guarded voice said "' Who goee there T '"Tom Sawyer, the Black Avengsf of the Spanish Main. Name your names.' "' Hack Finn, the Red-banded, and Joe Harper, the Tenor of the Seas.' Tom had famished those titles from his favourite liters tore. "' 'Tia welL Give the countersign.' " Two hoarse whispers delivered the same awful word eimaltaneonsly to the brooding oieht * BLOOD !' " When the boys are getting ready for their start they find that they ought to take some fire with them, and go to a fire emonldering near to get a brand. "They made an imposing ad venture of it, saying ' Hist!' every now and then, and sud denly halting with finger cm tip; moving with hands on imaginary dagger-hilts; and giving orders in dismal whispers that if ' the foe'stirred to 'let him have it to the hilt/ because 'dead men tell no tales.' They knew well enough that the raftmen were all down at the village laying in stores, or having a spree; but still that was no excuse (or thtir conducting this thing" in an unpiratical way. "They shoved off presently, Tom in com mand, Hack at the after oar, and Joe at the forward. Tom stood amidships, gloomy browed and with folded arms, and gave his orders in a low, a tern whisper. "' Luff, and taring her to the wind!' I '"Aye, ate, sir!' " 'Steady, 8teady-y-y!' " ' Steady it if, eir!' "'Let her go off a point!' " ' Point it is, sir!'" "AM the boys steadily and monotonously drove the raft toward mid-stream, it was no doubt understood that these orders were given only for 'style,' and were not intended to mean anything in particular." When the boys are on their island and talk over their prospects, they nn.n<m«^iy agree that it was far better to start as pirates than as hermits, about wh:.ch they had once, for a moment, hesitated. As Tom says, "people don't go much on hermits nowa days, like they used to do in old times, but a pirate's always respected." Pirates, Tom explains, "just have a bally time, take ships, and burn them, and get the money and bary it in awfal places in their island where there's ghosts and things to watch it, and kill every body in the ships, make 'em walk a plank." But while the boys look on gleefally to the performance of these heroic deeds they reflect with remorse on the bacon and ham they stole to provision their camp, and resolv| that they will not steal any more as long as they arelpitatee. We doubt whether many boys are so consisted as to see the and folly enjoy humour in this. They are too near the time when snch illusions as these are dearer to them than anything that the common-place world has to offer. All this most seem to them like heartiest levity, cold-hearted sneering at all that is highest and noblest in life. Bat to adult readers the book will be a sooroe of amassment from the beginning to the end. 